4	I have eaten here a few times.  At 5:00 pm the prices change from lunch to dinner.  You create your own size in a bowl so you can determine your portion.  They do offer menu items, and then have a bar of veggies and meats and sauces at the end.  They have instructions on how you can create certain sauces.It is too far away from where I live or I would frequent it more often.
4	I was so excited to finally try the place I ended up being early.  We paid our admission to the food funhouse that is YC's and then got down to business.  Armed with bowls the size of our heads, we stepped to the buffet and I got my first look at what I was up against.  The first third of the buffet is filled with shaved curls of frozen meat in various varieties.  Beef, Chicken, Pork, Alligator and Yak.  Frozen curls of Yak!  Okay so I lied about the Yak and the Alligator.  But you never know.  They SAID it was beef and chicken, but seriously, it could have been Yak!I grabbed the tongs and threw a pile of meat in the bottom of my bowl.  I smiled at my accomplishment but she just looked over slightly concerned and then handed me a sheet of wax paper.  "You need to smash it down." she said.  "What?" I replied? "The meat," she explaind patiently.  "You need to smash it into the bottom of your bowl."  "But I'm not that hungry!" I protested.  "You will be and this is gonna last you for days.  See that guy on the end? Your bowl is supposed to look like that." She pointed towards the end of the buffet where I saw a towering mass of vegetables rising out of an already unfathomably large bowl.  It would easily feed a family of four.  His YC fu was impressive, but I was sure I could top that.  "Get Smushing," she said as I refocused on the task at hand.After I had pressed all the pretty curls of meat into a flat unrecognizable blob that filled the bottom half of my bowl, we moved onto the vegetables.  If you've had it in "Chinese" food, it was there.  I zeroed in on some celery, cabbage, bean sprouts, carrots, scallions and baby corn.  I piled it on with gluttonous abandon, gleefully shaping my mountain of food to resemble the peak from Close Encounters of the Third Kind.The last third of the buffet contains sauces.  Many many many sauces.  Get them, they are good.  They have recipes but seriously, who wants to read directions?  I needed more sauce than I took and I thought I took a lot.  It would have helped to know they were going to slap it on a grill and immediately start diluting it with water.  Seriously, I put like five or six scoops of various stuff in and it was still just barely sauced enough.  I supplemented with some spicy mustard.So um.. then they cooked it, and we ate it.  Sure it was good.  Yes I still have leftovers.  No you can't have them.  Is the food here the best I've ever had? Hell no.  But it's pretty good for fast/cheap/healthy-ish stuff and seriously who cares? They let you play with it for like half an hour before you even sit down.  Score!
4	YC's is pretty fantastic.  You go in, pay $8 or so, and you get approximately one metric assload of food (note: metric assloads are larger than American assloads).  However, a lot of this really depends on your skill in packing as much food as possible into a fairly reasonable-sized bowl.  If you're like me and enjoy few things as much as having the blood of cute animals dripping down your chin, you should probably pack the bowl to the top (yes, I'm serious) with meat.  Don't forget to grab a few sheets of parchment paper so you can crush everything down and maximize the amount of food you get in your bowl.  Anyway, your veggies, noodles, and whatever else you want can be piled on top of the bowl o' meat.  If you do this right, your leaning tower of delicious should be roughly 3 times or so the height of the bowl.  Next time I'm at YC's I'll have to take a picture so this can be better illustrated.  Oh, and don't forget the sauces - they really make or break the meal.  If you're unsure on what kind of sauce to get, there are chalkboards all over with recipes, or the friendly YC's staff will help you figure out what you might like.  I'd *highly* recommend if you follow a sauce recipe to make double because you're going to need a lot of sauce if you filled your bowl up like I told you to.YC's is probably the best bang for your buck lunch or dinner you can get in Tempe.  Chances are good you'll end up with enough leftovers for at least another meal or two.  Just don't forget, doggie bags are 50 cents a piece, so bring some quarters or singles.
5	this place is my absolute fav and anytime i'm near it i must stop in...you can pack so much food into their bowls you seriously have lunch for work for the next three days.the variety of food changes on a day-to-day basis, so sometimes when i go they don't have my favorite things (baby corn, water chestnuts), but i manage to cram 6 feet of food in my bowl anyways...their sauce choices are very good and the staff working can usually help you with it as it may get a little confusing...be sure to add lots of chili sauce if you want it hot...you can also get rice, won tons, soup, and a drink with your dinner..which is a great deal for $10. if you're seriously stoned, go in. you won't be disappointed. and you won't be able to put your fork down long enough to talk to your friends about it either!!!
3	This place can either be 2 star or 4 star, depending upon the quality of the veggies they use. Sometimes the veggies are nasty and seem expired. Other times they are fresh and crisp. They offer plenty of sauces to flavor your dish with. However, the meat here is nasty as hell. It is frozen, nasty crap. I stick to veggies here... Overall good place if they keep their stuff fresh.
3	3.5 StarsLunch time it's $9.00 for a large bowl and a drink.  Comes with unlimited brown or white rice and soup.  Not a bad deal at all.  This is your typical Mongolian BBQ spot... thin frozen meats, veggies, sauce, slap onto round grill, eat.My only complaint with this place is I feel there are too many sauce choices.  My favorite Mongolian BBQ spot (near UCLA) had two options:  garlic Yes/No and spicy Yes/No, other than that the sauce master did his work and the dish turned out amazing.  YC's has like 10 different sauce combination they present to you and I feel that the last 3 times I've been here I could have chosen better.... but frankly, I don't know because I never remember which one I chose previously.  In this case, like AbuJ likes to say, too much customization is not good.  Perhaps I'm just "chasing the dragon" and trying to get it to taste like my favorite UCLA joint and I'll never reach that high again no matter how much I try, but damnit, I'm going to try a few more times since UCLA is a 6hr drive on a good day.The hostess / cashier was easy on the eyes, as was the sauce girl.  Both pretty friendly too.  Girls tend to flirt with me, so nothing unusual here.  +.5 stars for this.
3	I came here with me sister Cher, who really likes this place. I'm so used to food being prepared by cooks and brought to me. So, I'm not used to having to prepare my own food via restaurant. I love to cook from recipes, so why should this be any different, right? As we arrived there wasn't that many people, I was relieved and allowed me to ask my sister 101 questions about what to do. I ended up making a concoction of beef, carrots, broccoli, rice noodles, sprouts with chef's favorite sauce. It turned out good but I know that I was missing something. I tried some of my sisters bowl and that was really good.So, this place is a build-your-own bowl, piled high if necessary, and watch it cook right in front of you.It was a little overwhelming at first, but if I continue to go there, I will get accustomed to the process.
3	You can't beat the price. Service is efficient. The food is fair. Will I eat here again? Of course, but this place is definitely not in my top ten.
5	$9 or $10 flat fee gets you a bowl in which you can moosh and pile high with meats, vegetables and noodles.  Grab a few tissues by the meat and crunch down the everything as you go.  If you have someone with you take a tissue and their bowl and smash your stuff down and they can do the same.  At the end is tons of sauces and a menu board with favorite combinations.  I tend to make my own mixture of two of the sauces and double up on what they recommend because I usually have a TON of noddles and meat.  Double your sauces and you will get tons of sauce.  I recommend getting a "doggy bag" at the beginning because if you pile on your food you will have extra for a few days.  They are only 50 cents so it is very affordable.
4	Threw up my yc's last night, yummmmm
5	I have been going here for 20 years and it has always been fantastic. This has always been one of my favorites with amazing food and great service.
4	The people who work at this location are great. Excellent customer service. The place is clean. I always saw someone making sure everything is in order and making sure food is always fresh.
2	I'm not really sure what just happened to me.  I just ate a bunch of flash-frozen meat that was white, curled, and stiff.  I put it in a bowl and mashed it with a napkin, put some even less fresh looking veggies on it, and handed it to an angry mexican who proceeded to cook it on something that looked like the urinals in Sun Devil Stadium.  I didn't like preparing my own food for this price, I don't like that they KNOW the meat shrinks but won't give you a decent sized bowl to put enough in it - although...with as nasty as the meat tasted, why would you want any more of it?  I might go back here and just do noodles and sauce.  The noodles were the only thing that seemed safe to eat and the sauce (you make your own) was the only thing redeeming about this place.  I was definitely missing the Wendy's that used to be in this spot.
4	I'm such a huge fan of food customization and this place is right up my alley.  No one is going to put gross things on my plate if I don't want them and I don't have to ask for any sort of special order.  I can load up on the broccoli and carrots and don't get charged extra.  When we came in there was a very friendly and helpful girl at the register who was happy to explain the process to us, at which point the husband looked overwhelmed and disgusted.  In any event, I had lots of fun making my own special dish and creating a magical sauce that tantalized my tastebuds.  I will definitely come back, it's just a matter of getting a certain someone to agree.
3	Your meal is what ever you make of it, so make it a good one.  Ok so I stole that line from back to the future but it is true. Imagine a salad bar but with raw Asian food ingredient with  cook at the end. One big pro about this style is that you can get just what you want. I for example do not eat meat. YC's allows me to cram as many veggies, noodles and tofu into a bowl as humanly possible. For me it has become a game, how many bowls can I fill post cooking. My current record is three. I can give you bowl construction tips if you would like. If it is not in the bowl it will not be cooked.The sauces play a big role in the flavor of your meal. If you ask they will let you take a separate bowl for sauce and even help you mix. I like to make my own with generous amounts of garlic and hunan sauce. If you do like garlic like I do be sure to ladle garlic from the bottom of the container as that is where the real pieces are. After you leave the cooking line you can augment your food with fried won ton strips, spicy oils, mustard's, peanuts, fresh cilantro, sesame seeds, pineapple and more. There also is a station with rice and soups for those who require more than just a bowl of Asian goodness. Soda is included with the meal price and for dinner so is access to the frozen yogurt machine. If you can not finish your meal they will gladly sell you to go boxes at .50 a piece.  The one thing that confuses me is the name, Mongolians are a nomadic people, yet their BBQ grills are huge I don't see how that would work.
1	Sorry folks, but this place is terrible.  I had heard my friends raving about it for awhile, but finally had the, uh, "opportunity" to try it out myself.When I first walked in, I noticed it was just $9 for a big bowl, far cheaper than what I'm used to paying at Genghis Grill.  Sounds good, right?Well, when I got to the food selections, I noticed a few things.  First, the meat was frozen. Second, there are only four meat options (frozen chicken, frozen beef, frozen turkey, and frozen pork).  Third, the vegetable selection is limited.  You'll have your lettuce, carrots, cabbage, tomatoes, onions, mushrooms, noodles, tofu, and bean sprouts, but there's not much more.  No eggs, baby corn, or anything else that might be interesting.  Oh, and no dry seasonings.The sauces were encouraging.  I liked the idea of mixing and matching the different components.  After I tasted my food, however, backtracked on the sauce.  My bowl was quite soupy, but very bland.  The sauces have almost no flavor whatsoever.  Now I know why they provide that hot mustard... You need it if you want to actually taste something.The portions were great, but I didn't even finish mine because it was just a bland, soupy mess of frozen garbage.  I think I'll spend the few extra bucks on Genghis.
5	Pack a ton of meat down in the bowl using the tissue paper they supply. Pile veggies as high as you possibly can. Use double the amount of sauces recommended for the recipes. I skip the noodles, why pay for them to cook filler when there's free brown rice available POST GRILL? With this method even after stuffing yourself you should have enough leftovers for rougly 3 more meals.
5	i've been going here for years.  i've tried other places like this, but none of them add up.if you go at lunch, you can get 2 or 3 meals for 8$!  it also includes rice, crispy things, soup and a drink.  and then you don't have to eat the rest of the day. :)over time, i've created my own sauce.  the suggestions they give you are helpful, but its good to be creative and figure out what you like.you can get to-go boxes for $.50 and definitely worth it.  the only time you can't get one is with all you can eat option.  i can't understand why anyone would do that, i can hardly finish 1/3 of a bowl.
4	One of the better Mongolian BBQ's I've been to. $10 at the door with drink. Very simple.
3	Add then smoosh.  Add then smoosh.  Add then smoosh.I have seen this type of grilling in the mall before but never actually felt the urge to dine there. I came here with friends who walked me through the experience. First of all, it is a stand alone restaurant. When you enter the door you pay $9 for the bowl and $0.50 for a togo box for your leftovers.  For the quality of food,  I think $9 is over-priced.  You are really paying a premium for the "experience" of watching someone sloosh around your food on a grill.  It is the express version of benihana.You walk up to a buffet line and the first thing you see is a box of wax paper.  Those little squares they use when you get donuts.  You grab a couple sheets and proceed to the assorted meats (chicken, beef, pork) and a white fish (cod??) which were all frozen. These items are usually used for chinese hot pots. The quality is mediocre. Next in line are assorted veggies, tofu, and then an array of sauces.  You pick and choose.  As you fill up the bowl, people are using those wax sheets to moosh down the food to maximize space.  Add an item then smoosh.  Repeat.The meal comes with soda, soup, rice, and frozen yogurt machine.  The best part of the meal was the service.  They are continually replenishing the ingredients and ensuring a cleaning station.  The cashier walked around to check on everyone's meal.  She even offered someone a new bowl since they didn't care for their creation.  That is service!  So even though the food was eh, the service made up for it.
4	make your own! mix beef chicken and noodles and a few veggies! and then create your very own flavor!. i get the large bowl and a to go box. fill it with beef and push it down with the wax paper. and keep stuffing meat in to the top. the pile on some veggies and pile up a huge mound of noodles! my bowl sits aleast 12-16 inches high!! but the key is to go and grab another lg bowl up where they make your food! this bowl you fill with your own sauce!! then hand them both bowls and its on!!! if you do it the way i said you will have a bowl and a to box filled to the rim! and eat it all day lol
4	I used to come here regularly back in the '90s when I was at ASU.  I was in the Staples across the way and the cashier assured me this YC's was still good.YC's is still a good choice for Mongolian BBQ, although it is not one the fanciest Mongolian place I have been to.  It is clean, has plenty of seating, the service is quite good, and the price is right.  I like that the meat is at the beginning of the line and the noodles at the end of the line.  (Anyone who is familiar with Mongolian BBQ will understand the architectural importance of putting the meat in the bowl first instead of trying to pile it on at the end.)  $8 for a small bowl and $9 for a big bowl.  The price includes soup and a drink, but not ice cream which is an extra $1.
4	I love YCs there food is just full of flavor. There are plenty of options to choose from they even have a guide to help you put the right sauces together. But to get rich full flavor double the amount the guide tells you. There's always lots of food and I always bring home left overs. This place is def. worth giving a try.
4	This is one of my top places to eat any time of the year.  I've been visiting YC's since the late 90's and will continue to dine here.  Even though this is a self service based restaurant, the customer service is always tops.  The cashier is always pleasant and the cooks/grillers are always attentive.  The buffet style line to select your ingredients used to be single file one line.  A few  years back they expanded to two lines and two grills; very helpful on weekend nights with ASU in session.The food selections and sauces are consistent and tasty.  The diner/fast food style seating is just fine with me, we always choose a booth.  Not sure if this location is still owned by the body building man who was always checking our tables for satisfaction, but either way this is one of the staples of our diet.
5	I love love love YC's.  Where else can I fill a bowl with massive amounts of meat and veggies for like $9?  I went here tonight with my wife and another friend.  It was about 6:30 and it wasn't that busy so that was nice.  It didn't take long for me to fill up my bowl with goodies to the brim and drown it in sauce.  I did mess up a bit with the sauce because it didn't turn out as spicy or as flavorful as I would have liked but it was still great.In my opinion I don't come here nearly enough.  I probably only say that though because I purposely didn't view their nutritional info so I'm convinced it is relatively healthy.  I mean its not fried fast food stuff, right?Anyway I love eating here.  The food is great for what it is, the price is right and the service is very good.  Plus I always have leftovers for lunch the next day.Oh...and the frozen yogurt is garbage.
4	My favorite Mongolian BBQ joint in the Phoenix area. HUGE HUGE portions, the only place where they let you smash the meat with wax paper, so much sauce and even the side bar is delicious. DO IT and I dare you to finish everything in your bowl.
3	I wasn't overly impressed.  I'm pretty sure they used to have a location on Mill Ave in Tempe, and I just remember that being my favorite place ever.  This one was alright, had a great veggie variety, and the meat variety was okay as well.  I would've liked some shrimp or calamari instead of cod though.  Upon cooking the cod, it got really flakey and was like having a can of tuna shredded up into my meal...I'd probably opt for chicken or steak next time, unless they do happen to get other seafood besides cod.  However, a lot of my frustration with the meal wasn't in the restaurant itself.  There was the most ANNOYING couple sitting in the booth right behind me.  Kept kissing (that gross lip smacking sound) and playing Lady GAG throughout the entire meal.  Plus...she was a skeeze and he looked like he had a dead animal on his head.  All in all, I'd come here again, avoiding the seafood all together this time would definitely bump it up to a solid 3.5 to 4 stars.
5	I LOVE,LOVE, LOVE YC's.  I come from the midwest where we have HuHot's and its an all-you-can-eat, go up as many times as you want kinda place so I was a little weary when my friend said you only can go through once with your semi-small bowl.  Then she showed me the way with the packing papers and I must say I have become quite a pro at making monster stir-frys that last 2-3 meals worth.  I love YC's because:-Great selection of veggies, amazing selection of sauces and most are very low calorie.  -Extremely quick cooking time w/ friendly service-I love the whole grain options for noodles and brown rice.-I love that you get soup, wontons, rice, and drinks with your meal price.  Could improve with more protein selections, like seafood.  Not a big deal though.I have gone here nearly once a week every since I first went here.  Its a great fast lunch place.  Every other mongolian grill place I've been to in the valley has not come close to comparing.
5	Staff was more than helpfull, I felt like it was a great value, if you like great khans you will love this place way more of a variety, food was delicious! I wish there was one in san diego!!
4	What's better than smashing down frozen shaved meat and vegetables into a bowl to get every last ingredient packed in there to get the most of your money...? Nothing!This place is a great lunch or dinner spot, and if you go easy on the wonton chips and frozen yogurt, it's actually quite healthy too.  My favorite part is watching people work their "techniques" on how to structurally build the tallest mountain of stir fry, and then somehow cover it in sauce.  I usually get a huge dinner and a full box of left overs for lunch the next day out of one large bowl...but I'm a mere amateur.Hint: multiply the sauce recipe by at least 1.5 because some of the cooks let half of it run off the hotplate before they start stirring.  I usually just make an extra little dish of it on the side and pour it on after they've cooked my bowl.YUM!
5	Everyone who works here is very nice, and all of the food that is here is very delicious.If you've never done Mongolian BBQ before, YC's is the place to start and the time for starting is the present. Enjoy.
3	Not a bad little Mongo Grill. The meat is sub-par, but not awful. You do get to choose how much meat you get which is different from some of the grills here in Washington. There's a decent selection of things, but they're missing some key things that would make it superb. (Baby Corns, Spicy peanut sauce etc...) The Noodles were quite tasty and portions were large. Would go again.
4	We went here on Valentines Day for a girls night out (being single doesn't mean you have to be miserable!), it was my first time at a YC's! Another friend of mine went to the one on Elliot, and she raved about it to me. I completely forgot until we went here on the 14th!We arrived before they closed, what's nice is that they let you eat your fill if you don't pull a dick move and arrive at 8:45pm to eat with a large group. I'm not a big fan of buffets, after visiting one with my family in California, I became completely discouraged with the rampant shouting kids, claustrophobic tables and chairs that made you turn sideways to walk down isle, and some of us ended up with food poisoning since the waiters weren't keeping the place clean - but YC's has given me a good outlook on family sit-down buffets. At least, arrive after 8pm so parents have to take the kids home for bed on a weekday haha!After paying we walked down the line, a lot of people were piling it up, my friend helped me figure it out which was really simple. The girl at the cash register was nice also and helped with the instructions on how to get the food.One thing I really loved about YC's was that above the area where they fry your food up, there is a huge chalkboard on all the different Asian sauce mixes you can have for your dish! I ended up making Curry-yaki, and it was REALLY good, it reminded me of eating in a Japanese food court while in California!YC's is a clean place, not loud and obnoxious after 8pm on a weekday, and people are polite while you're waiting for your food in line. I want to try this place out again so you can count on me coming back!!!
5	If I had to pick a last meal, it'd be ycs! Just saying! I could live off of it! Come to Phoenix !!!
4	This place is AMAZE!! Low key, fast, tasty, and lots of choices.  I usually pile on more meat than veggies and tend to go for the thai chili sauce. WHOA!! If it's your first time there and you have leftovers don't forget to tell the waitress that your new and she will give you the doggie box for free.  I also love that they serve BROWN rice.  Not a lot of asian places do so thanks for that  Mr. YC!!
5	I gave this place 5 stars because it is as good as it gets for Mongolian BBQ. This place has lots of great items to choose from to put in your bowl. Great sauce/seasoning items, and a recipe board if you don't feel like winging it. You get steamed white or brown rice, wonton soup, and my favorite, fried crunchy noodles with sweet & sour sauce for dipping. And if you didn't stuff your face enough on noodles, rice, and soup, they have self serve ice cream too. The only thing that sucks is that if you don't finish your food, which you probably won't, they charge you $0.50 for a to-go box. Great leftovers though. You can throw it in a pan and it's almost better than the first time. My kids love it because they can put whatever they want or don't want in their food, and they eat it all up!
5	The first time I went to YC's was in scottsdale. I loved how you choose what you like in your bowl and sauces. they cook it up right in front of you. you can stuff your bowl as much as you can. don't worry about getting alot because all you pay for a take out box is 50 cents. it is great for leftovers, the food tastes fresh still. The one in tempe was awesome as well. I love this place. I had one larg bowl, a bowl of rice, chicken soup, and a soda for $10.25 how can you go wrong with that???
4	I know why they don't have one of these in California. F'reals... if they opened this up, UCSD asian-ness would be all over it in a crazy eating frenzy. Came here with UCSD dragon boat team before a race day and heck, we were ready to stuff our faces! This place makes Khan's Mongolian Grill in UTC look like trash.Instead of yelling at you for piling on too many meat (or veggies if that's your thang), this place ENCOURAGES it! Yeah! Plus, you can opt for one massive bowl or if you're a crazy big eater, you can opt for unlimited bowls. YC must stand for "You Crazzzzzzzy" if you eat that much. Only downside here is that all the sauces kind of taste the same after a while.If that's not enough for your stomach to explode, there's endless soup, chips, rice, drinks, and frozen yogurt for you to gorge on. They take all your needs into account... including a plunger in each stall of the bathroom. Awesome!!
2	I thought this place was just OK as far as Mongolian grills go. It was fine but I have certainly been to better. This is the first one I have been to where you have to pay more if you want to make up more than one bowl of stir fry. The difference between a single bowl versus unlimited was $2.00 so whats the point of that? Then they have an ice cream machine near the soda dispensers but there is a big sign that says if you want ice cream, go back to the register and pay another dollar. Why not just charge one price for all? Anyway the meat and veggies were good but no seafood available. The sauces were OK but there was only one guy cooking so it took some time to get yours made up even with few people there. The place was not as clean as I would have liked but whatever. It wasn't awful but I'd not make a point to go here again.
5	I am giving them 5 stars. Why? The main reason is because I have a gluten allergy and when I told the cook that I needed them to be careful about what my food touched he HAPPILY took the time to completely clean and scrape off the entire grill for me so that I wouldn't have an allergic reaction to anything left on the grill. Yes! THAT is customer service. The portions are wonderful, the ingredients are fresh and the price is unbeatable. For $10 a person you get a HUGE bowl of stir fry, rice, soup, wonton chips and dessert. Bottom line: this place kicks way too much ass.
4	I've been eating at YC's for years.  They've had consistently good prices, with a good selection of meats, vegetables, and sauces to choose from.  They also offer 2 different types of noodles, along with white and brown rice to go with your custom stir fry meal.  There are also usually two soups of the day to choose from, made with the previous night's leftovers it looks like.  They also have dessert in the form of soft serve!  For those that don't trust their own sauce-making skills, there are helpful recipes on the board above you for you to choose from.  Their dinner used to be all-you-can-eat at one price, but now they have a single bowl price and an all-you-can eat price.  Generally, I can only eat one bowl, so I usually go for the single trip!  If you can't finish your bowl, take out boxes are $.50 each.
4	I walk in with a ten and walk out full with leftovers for the next two days. That. Is. Awesome. The only time I ever have issues is when I go rogue and try to make my own sauce... always a disaster... but thankfully on the days I'm intelligent I use their guide and it's all good. The only reason I'm not giving five stars is because Kristen isn't a huge fan of it, she likes it and all, but I can't give the full monty if we don't both love it. YC's is super legit.
5	I love this place!  Ask for it to go and you'll have left overs for days.  You can mix sauces to create any flavor you like.  Watch out though, it can get really hot or spicy if you put too much in!  Great for groups, family or a easy date time.
2	I hate giving this place such a poor review, but over all, I wasn't all that impressed.  I came here last night for dinner for the first time, and I can't say that I'm really interested in going back any time soon.I was hungry, and wanted something different then the usual. I've driven by this place a zillion times, and figured I'd give it a try.  I went in and paid the $11.50 for a plate of food, and I really didn't like it all that much.I built my own dish, but the meat looked really weird, and the bowls that you put it in were somewhat small.  The selection was meat, pork, chicken and fish. I went with the meat.  I topped it with a few veggies, some sauces, and the cook threw it on the grill. It came out fine, but the meat was just weird.  It was shaved, and was kinda tough.  Veggies and toppings were fresh, but limited.  More salad topping stuff then anything else.  Tomatos, cucumbers. carrots, celery....weird (but healthy) selection.  I was hoping for more variety there.The staff here was friendly and helpful, I will give them that.  Place looks like it might have been an old fast food joint at one point?I guess Im just not overall impressed, and had better experiences with Mongolian style cooking.  Sadly, this was not one of them.  :-(
4	Delicious healthy meats and veggies cooked while you watch with a variety of sauce options. Meal also includes fried wontons, soup, & rice. Avoid the noon time slot as the restaurant is located across from a high school. If it's your first time watch the others before you, there's a skill involved in making your bowl. Also make sure you use the papers by meats to push down meat & get more in bowl, remember the veggies will cook down quite a bit.
4	YC's Mongolian Grill has several locations around the Phoenix area.A visit to YC's is a unique experience and is different than anywhere I have been.Here's how the unique process works;1. Pick either a small or large bowl. The large bowl is only $1 more, but the small bowl is usually more than enough food if packed correctly.2. Pack your bowl with a selection of raw and frozen meat. You can choose any combination of turkey, chicken, beef, and pork.3. Cover your frozen meat with wax paper, and smash it down to create space for the remaining ingredients.4. Pack the remainder of your bowl with fresh vegetables and noodles. Make sure to smash the ingredients as you go to create more space.5. Create your own sauce to top off the bowl. They have a chalk board with sauce recipes to guide you in making the perfect concoction.6. Hand your bowl over to one of the chefs and watch them cook it in front of you. 7. Head on over to their rice and condiment bar.8. Soft drinks are included in the price of your bowl.At night time they have a frozen yogurt bar that is also included in the price of your bowl.Great food, unique experience, and a good value gives YC's an above average rating of four stars.
5	With its drab exterior and tinted windows, it's only natural to think that YC's is closed. But this is a dining experience you don't want to miss. Once inside, you are met with a charming, buffet-styled line of meats/fish, veggies, and sauce followed immediately by two large grills where your food is cooked in front of you. Portion sizes are as big or small as you make them, but YC's encourages "packing" your bowl to maximize value.If you're a YC's virgin, feel free to follow one of the sauce recipes written in chalk above the grilling area. They are well-proportioned and achieve the intended style. But make no mistake: improvising with various combinations and proportions on your own is what YC's is all about. You are not here to order food; you are here to design it. If you are visiting the East Valley and want a unique, hands-on dining experience, YC's Mongolian Grill is a fun and challenging option. It does one thing, and it does it well! Two minor complaints: there is no option to buy a small bowl during dinner hours; and, take-out bags cost an additional $0.50.
4	So I thought they were similar with Genghis Grill - yes they were except that GG has wider selection of meat. I did not know about the "fisting" and smashing of the meat to make room for more LOL . I asked my husband what the onion-skin paper is for that were sitting beside the meat counter. Come here with some strong fist and smash your meat all the way to the bottom and that is how you get more food!! It was fun. I like that they have bamboo shoots veggies that's the only veggie I get, and really it's magic that even if you put a little bit of all the sauce they have, still comes out very tasty! So you don't have to really worry about your food not coming out yum, the amazing cook will probably do the magic! By the way, small bowl to me would be good for 2 decent size meals!
5	This place is GREAT. I already left Tempe to go back to California, this was my last meal. When I do come back, I am definitely gonna come visit this place. I basically paid $9.50 for two meals! Though I was gonna board an airplane so I didn't wanna take any to go, so I finished it all :].At first I was feeling a little uncomfortable, not really sure how to work this thing. It was my first time having this style of cuisine where I add my own ingredients. I read up on some reviews first and tried to get a glimpse of it, but watching those around me also helped. The wax paper is there for you to pack your ingredients in and make your money's worth. Great ingredients, fresh and healthy, then at the end you pick wheat noodles and/or rice noodles, I got both, and then you add a combination of any of the sauces you like. My bowl was towering 4 inches over the top with noodles, but some people were obviously even better at it with a bigger pile of noodles. There were a lot of yummy sounding sauces.. But I picked Spicy thai and thai peanut curry, mainly because those were the closest to me and were the least full (meaning someone had to have taken a lot, right?). I only got like 4.5 spoons of sauce, I definitely should have had more, maybe 7, it was pretty dry and I didn't have a pool of sauce at the bottom of my bowl like my brother did. Keep waiting in line, and then when the chef calls you up, you just present your tray to them and they'll throw it on and cook it. There were also pineapple slices, peanuts, jalapenos, and such, but like i said, it was my first time and I get a bit uncomfortable at serve your self places, because I'm not entirely sure what I'm entitled to. Takes a quick 1-3 minutes to cook all your stuff, grab a table, or add some stuff to your tray.They have self serve (all you can eat) brown or white rice, 2 choices of soup, which were pretty good, and some tortillas to add to your dish, which was a delightful addition. Also included in your $9.50 is a cup for soda/juice/tea, they even have blue powerade! My favorite, since I don't drink soda :). No tax so just throw a $10 at the host and you're good to go!. You can also tip the cooks if you'd like. Some people upgrade to the large, create a HUGE BOWL, and just take some to go. If you ask for it to go, the chef can easily fit a "small" into two chinese take out boxes. Imagine what a large could be fitted in. The meal was DELICIOUS, I was STUFFED, however the brown rice could have been a little better, but other than that, I love this place and I can't wait to come back. Healthy eat for sure!
5	WOW this place is awesome!!!!!!  Good Healthy choices.  Cooked up exactly the way I want it with ingredients I pick and choose from!!! We will be regulars at this place from now on ( and we won't have to break the bank to go often).
3	What an interesting place!  You get to pick all your toppings to be stir-fried.  Love all the veggie toppings!  You can even make your own sauce!  They have brown rice too!  If you pack it right, you will have more than enough food to take home.  Staff is super friendly and will help you navigate the process!
5	Fantastic food.  There is an art to making the perfect dish: just copy the person in front of you and adjust to your taste preferences.  Making the right sauce is key.  There are several YC's across the valley but this one is the best.
3	I like the options here and it's okay food but just not my favorite place to go.  Hubby and  I go once in a while when we want something different but really it tastes like a lot of other Asian restaurants only you get to decide what you put in it.
4	I've been coming here since I was a kid and absolutely love this place. If you have never been just know that the raw food looks like a lot but it cooks down to about half the size so pack the food in. You get to make your own sauce I recommend the chiefs choice thats my favorite and I add some of the spicy thai sauce to give it a little kick its not too hot.
5	The only bad thing about this place is that it's not in Chicago. Absolutely fell in love with this restaurant when visiting my sis. Great veriaty of sauces and veggies. It's the first thing that comes to mind when I think of AZ, outside of my sister of course.
2	This place is missing one key ingredient:  Flavor.
5	How can this place get anything than five stars? Everything is based upon your own personal tastes. YOU pick out your meats, your vegetables - everything you want it to be. The only thing that you don't do is cook it. While you are given a bowl to put all your ten dollar food in, its a common concept that you press the raw food down in order to make room for everything you want, and that way you don't get jipped. Their selection of sauces is wide and delicious, their soups are drool-worthy, and once you've got everything cooked in front of you, you'll wonder wny you haven't come here each day of your life.
5	Awesome. Great food. Friendly. Loads of variety. Not much more costly than McDonald's. I wish there was one in every town and we went to another location the next night. Sure they use thin sliced frozen meat. But overall the ingredients are quality, the price is right and the taste.. That's is as good as you make it by how you mix your fix.Go and enjoy..
5	$12.50 includes meal one time thru, soup, rice, drink, ice cream, to go carton. Delicious, well worth the dollar to value ratio.
4	great stir fry with big portions and great for leftovers. a little pricey.
4	Delicious, cheap (for how much you actually get), and oh yeah, delicious.I LOVE this place. I easily take home enough food for 3 meals. Great variety and nice people.
5	I've been coming here since as long as I can remember... and I still love it. I lived in Tucson, and would make day trips just to come eat here. I'm a little disappointed that they made their bows smaller, kinda seems to me like they were looking to follow the "genghis" way... considering their competition is just down the street. But nonetheless this place holds a little piece of my heart... and I will still continue to come here time after time.
4	My husband and I were in the Staples parking lot, looking for somewhere to eat.  I popped up my trusty Yelp app and found this place, about 30 feet from where I was parked.  It's pretty unassuming from outside, but what an amazing dining experience.  Not only is the food amazing (well, of course--you make it exactly how you like it!) but the portions are such that you should be able to get two meals out of it.  In general, this is a healthy alternative to fast food and an eating experience that your whole family will enjoy.  We plan to take our out of town guests here when they come to visit.
3	This location is very old, but seems clean.  The staff kept playing around in the back while we waited for a cook and hostess.Food is good, but a small bowl at dinner would lift your score...a large bowl is too much food, or you pay for air.
4	When we first arrived I was not sure what to do but the hostess  was very nice. Every thing is buffet style but uncooked you pile your bowl as high as you can get it and they have recipe for you to mix sauces together to make specialty sauce either you are the waitress  can  make them. Then you watch the chef cook the food and sauce together  in front of you . Quite an experience. I can say I honestly enjoyed there food so much I ate it for three days. Yes, I had that much left over .I ate it three more times after I left the restaurant  and it was just as delicious. Follow the lead of everyone else pack the bowl so high it seems stupid. When it cooks down you'll be the smart one. Can you say ....lunch ,dinner, lunch again all in one :)
5	Great $12 lunch to go! If you press it really tight, you can get 2 portions lunch :)
5	One word:  GluttonousThe fact that you can pile as much food into and far beyond the top of the bowl given to you is reason to start moving toward a 5 star rating.  In the land of opportunity where a person can stroll in and reward themselves for anything they like, usually just making it through the day without cutting your wrist, it's an American's dream. It's sort of like a one time all you can eat buffet.  It's worth the price of admission just to see others work their magic while they pile on the food 6 inches or more above the rim of the bowl.  I believe there is an art to this master craft of self indulgence.  I was awestruck by this man who redefined the term, "the sky's the limit."  I will be going back this coming week to try and either 1)  break my own record set last week  2)  To match the height of the guy I saw on this last visit  or 3)  To eclipse his mile high feat and take this to a new level.The next best thing about this place is that for 50 cents, you can purchase a box to put whatever you don't eat in and take it with you.  If this doesn't stir up the pig pen, I don't know what will.  Oink Oink
5	Awesome!
5	This place is great and the service is outstanding. I had never been here before and the manager personally helped me. I will definitely return
4	It's great: walk in, get a bowl, smush as much into a bowl as you can, add sauce, they cook, you eat.Pick the meats you like. I usually stick with beef. Add veggies. I pick lots of mushrooms. I add tofu to add protein. Pour on sauces to flavor. They have recipes posted to guide you. Then hand your bowl over to the chef and he cooks it and gives you it back all nice and hot in a clean bowl. You can then add a bowl of rice, get a bowl of soup, a glass of something to drink and you're all set.I used to eat here a lot when I lived in Mesa. We were up here so stopped in and enjoyed lunch. It's a great value for your buck!
3	Ugh, I hate how it's $11.50 for a bowl. Granted, it's a pretty big size- but still a ridiculous price. Might as well go for the $12.50 ayce. At least then you can vary your taste buds.The food itself is good. Lots of choices and sauces. I like how they write all the sauce recipes out on the board for you so that you can make something better than whatever concoction you'll come up with. If you don't prefer noodles- you should just fill up your bowl with beef and veggies and eat it with the complimentary rice at the end! ;) The drink machine, soups, ice cream, and choices of brown/white rice at the end are a nice touch.
4	Came here after a dragon boat race and it was perfect because we were all starving. You can pile up as much meat, vegetables, and noodles as you want and make up your own sauces based on the blackboard they have up. I will say that $11.50 seems like a lot to pay for a bowl, but it was worth it to me since I was stuffed after I miraculously finished my bowl of food.
2	Was brought here by a couple of friends who kept raving about the food.  My first and last time.  I begged them to try another place to compare.  The meat resembled rolled up frozen deli meat of poor quality.  Nothing fresh, very tasteless and dry.  The selection of veggies looked sad and very picked-over.  I was disappointed that there was not an option of adding an egg.  And the starch choice was noodles or plain rice, that's all.  Lots of choices of sauces but they still couldn't make it delicious.But wait...  free frozen yogurt!  I could care less.  I eat at Mongolian grills for the Mongolian, not crappy generic soft serve.  And then to be charged for a to-go box?  That's ridiculous.I will go to Genghis Grill instead.  Quality trumps quantity any day (not to mention actual service.)  Even the Mongolian Grill at the Banner Desert hospital cafeteria is better as far as taste and quality goes (not to mention WAY cheaper.)
5	I never get tired of this place. I always enjoy my meal and you can always leave full, no matter how hungry you are when you come in.
1	Visiting Tempe on work, I was excited to see a Mongolian BBQ, as California doesnt seem to have good quality mongolian places. I walked in and ordered a huge bowl - seemed like a good price at $11.50 for a bowl, drink, and rice. Food was great and cooked well.The fun thing started when I checked my credit card that I was charged $29 instead of $11.50. Interestingly, I remembered that the lady who charged me at the hostess desk didnt even offer me my receipt. A few days later, I called the manager and let him know. He took down my name, address and how much I was overbilled, and told me that he would send me a check in the mail and call me when he did so. Two weeks, and I am yet to hear from him.Most of all - no apology for screwing a customer and over billing him.  Needless to say, I am never going back when I am back in town for business. I have also let our team of 500 employees in the building next door about this issue. I am guessing a lot of folks are interested in never going back.
5	Amazing place. You make your own bowl, then add your own sauce. You can put as much food as you want into your bowl. Very well done.
4	Sometimes I get this feeling that it is a good thing to overpopulate a bowl of frozen meat shavings, then add a handful of veggies and top it off with my own improvised blend of sauce ingredients. (Yes there is recipes on the wall, but I always screw up.) I will say up front that this is a franchise, and I really dont like franchises. /The goodThey encourage the attempts to increase the maximum fill-level, by patrons own ingenuity,  of the designated bowl.I like that you can make your own sauce, and they have plenty of ingredients. You don't have to fit rice in the bowl, that you grab afterward.. as much as you want./The badI can't say that there is anything directly bad about this place. If you have walked in here, you know what a mongolian grill is and then you have accepted the terms of the procedure.  /The unexpectedThe price includes a drink, rice and questionable frozen yogurt (and unlimited refills thereof), but you have to pay 50c for a classic to-go american-asian doggy bag. Stay classy YC.. .. und das ist nach der karnivor kritiker
4	I love YC's! Its really good for the price.
4	The food is here is really good. The only thing is this place feels and looks old. I've been to the newer locations and they are much nicer and cleaner for the same price. But overall food is delicious.
4	First time visiting YC's on a recommendation from my daughter. I really really liked it because I could make my own bowl of whatever it is I wanted in there. The meat selection looked weird because its very thin shaved meat but I can do without the meat. The variety of sauces was great and you can even come up with your own sauce. The young lady at the counter was very nice and helpful after I told her that it was our 1st time there. She walked us thru the whole build our bowl process and even helped with our sauce selection. Without her help we would have been lost. We will definitely come back
5	Let me start off by saying that after reading some of these negative reviews it just goes to show how lazy people are or Californized they have become.I have frequented this place since 97' worked there when I was in high school washing dishes, and have seen how far the owner has taken his business and it just goes to show that Genghis Grill and all the others need to up their game.Prices have gone up but lets look at the cost of living and gas and all of the things that we use as a daily need.Still AWESOME SERVICE, Meat selection has grown a bit, veggies are still the same, and newest addition are the noodles and sauces. 6 ladles of YC's own, 3 of garlic, 3 of cooking wine, 4 of the orange sauce, 3 ginger, 2 cooking syrup, and 3 seconds of seasame oil. brings out a nice sweet taste with a bit of salty.The saying goes you get what you pay for and I pay for a small bowl at lunch and turn it into 2 togo boxes. Jeff keep up the good work, my family loves your place
5	Awesome!  we rarely go out for dinner so this was an extra great treat as our 2 sons loved watching the chef cook their selection of fresh meat and veggies.  The chefs were very kind and talked to us while they cooked our dinner.  The staff here is amazingly nice and super helpful!  We were so surprised on just how helpful and customer service oriented they were.  Simply a great place, great  food and excellent customer service at a very fair price!  We will tell others and be back :)
5	Everyone seems to have their own opinions about the sauce combinations. Not matter what combination of sauces I use it ALWAYS tastes the same. I have taken bites out of everybody's bowl at my table (with permission, or at least warning), all pretty much the same. Not a bad thing, just tastes like YC's. Other than that, all seems to have been said in the other 90 reviewsGo for lunch, fill up on wontons and soup while you're there, pony up $.50 for the ToGo Box and you get three good meals for $10. (But I do remember when I could ditch class at SCC and hit up that location for lunch for $5, but then again you could get a pack of smokes at that Chevron for just over $3 back then as well. Inflation sucks, YC's doesn't, Man I'm old)
4	= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = =Wow, what a busy place!  I arrived before opening time today and within minutes there were MANY hungry diners on hand, and also, surprisingly, many folks who appeared to be Mongolian Americans!  I took that as a good sign for a first visit to a YC's.     :-)These Mongolian BBQ only restaurants beat the similar BBQ stations featured at many of the Chinese Buffets by offering more selections of veggies and many more sauces.  YC here had about 35 food items out, plus sauces and toppings.  Meats available were sliced chicken (light and dark held separately) as well as beef, pork and, for $1 extra, shrimp.I loaded up my bowl with white chicken, beef and pork, plus some of almost everything else for both of my times through the buffet line.  For my first bowl I followed one of the many recipes on a sign to make my sauce combo "Mongolian" flavor, and the second time through I mixed to the recipe for "Chef's Favorite".  Both combos came out delicious, and I also enjoyed some each of today's soups, Spicy Beef and Chicken Won Ton.The lunch plan here is to choose a small or medium steel bowl to gather up your food choices for grilling, and to decide between once through the line or unlimited trips.  The prices include beverages, as well as two soups and white or brown rice (all help-yourself).Taking a small or medium bowl, stacking it up squished down and sky high saves money, but you'll only be able to enjoy one sauce flavor.  Going "Unlimited" frees you up to take a more reasonable portion, sauce it up to your liking, and go back for a considerably different treat for your seconds.The dining room here is nice, offering a choice of comfortable booth or table seating.  The staff is friendly and the place has a cheery vib about it.  One of my sauce mixtures came out a little salty but the food was delicious overall and I had a good time.     :-))Small Bowl:  $9.09Large Bowl:  $10.02Unlimited:  $11.86Help-yourself fountain beverages included, and the prices posted in restaurant include tax.
5	If you don't love YC's then we can't be friends.
4	This place was great.  11.00 bucks all included, drink,soup, and ice cream to finish it off.  You can create your own favor and all.  The place was packed.   We will visit again when we come to town!!!
3	My wife and I ate here to night with friends. I thought it was good, my wife did not. This is a place where you get a bowl to add all the raw items you want to have cooked on a very large flat stone surface. Then you add sauces for from a large variety to a separate bowl to add to your raw items when cooked. They have suggestions but you don't have to follow this. I created my own and I was sure to dip my finger in my sauce bowl to check the state. Be sure to do this as the sauce needs to be pretty strong because a lot of it will be lost when it is cooked on the flat stone. My wife failed to do this and hers turned out to be not very flavorful. Overall it was good for me and I would come back. It would be especially good for gluten free eating or low carb as everything is clearly marked GF or not and most of the items are low carb.
5	Great place to eat when you're really hungry. I'm a big guy and a small bowl packed is plenty of food. You feel like you're eating healthy but the sodium content is really high so don't be too fooled.
4	I love coming here. I was craving Asian food but most places were closed so we decided to come here. As usual I want disappointed. It's a nice change from, well pretty much everything!
5	Lets just say that this place was like home to me for 4 years when I was in COLLEGE. The food is great and if you pack the bowl high enough it will last you for days. Five stars aren't enough. The only negative thing I have to say is, WHY ISN'T THERE A YC'S IN CHICAGO YET?
5	When I was the young age of 3, my mom brought me to YC's. I have been going ever since. This place is such a pleasant change from all the typical restaurants where you sit down, order from a set menu, and then get served your meal. Here you get to branch out and build your own Mongolian stir-fry from a huge selection of raw ingredients from the buffet style food line. There's meat, tons of vegetable selections, other toppings, and various types of noodles to add. But the personalization doesn't stop there. You then get to create your own sauce either on your own or using any of YC's own personal recipes. At this point, you hand over your bowl to one of their "grill warriors" and watch them bring your stir-fry to life on the giant grills. The finished product always is perfectly cooked, has epic taste and flavor because it has EXACTLY what you want, and keeps you coming back! YC's also has crispy wontons, rice, and chopsticks (of course) to complete the meal! This is a place I will never get tired of because the possibilities are endless. Their facility is always clean and staff is welcoming and helpful. Not to mention, it is very affordable. I highly recommend everyone to "mongo" at YC's Mongolian Grill!
5	The food is typical of any YC's Mongolian Grill, but the reason why I'm writing this review is because of the great service at this location.There is a staff member (server? not sure what to call her) named Janet that is just so helpful. While you're in line making your bowl, she'll ask you if you'd like a sauce prepared, she'll recommend sauces for your taste, etc.  She helps you bring things to your table, and checks in on you during the meal. Awesome service!
5	It's delicious! First time here, the lady at the front was very helpful and explained to us how it works. Love it! Great combination of meat, veggies, noodles & sauces! Yummy!  We will defiantly be back again
4	If you know how to cook, you should have a good time at YC's. Your meal is basically what you make of it, and although the bowl may be on the medium side, you will shortly find that this makes for a huge meal. I could not even finish mine and had leftovers to take home. They encourage you to pile it as high as you can get it, then I added two bowls of sauce, one spicy and one Mongolian and it came out great. Perfectly sauced, and not thin and soupy like some have stated. The only thing I didn't really like was the frozen fish, it just did not work well with the stir fry. Bonus if you are tired of take-out consisting of mostly bell pepper pieces and not enough meat, you can make your whole bowl consist of meat, sauce, and rice! (Not that I condone such behaviour).  I thought the ice cream was going to be an icy afterthought like most buffets, but it was actually pretty good so I had two like a big pig. I wouldn't call it gourmet but I would call it decent takeout quality.
5	Foods always good! And love that you get soup, drink, rice and ice cream with your meal! My son loved the selection and of course the ice cream. The staff was helpful and really friendly, will definitely be back soon!
5	I love this place.  I probably eat here more than I do at home, really.  I prefer white meat chicken at lunch / fish at dinner, sprouts, broccoli, carrots, mushrooms, white and green onions, baby corn, and noodles.  I make my own sauce (same one for about 15 years now) using yc's own, spicy hunan, ginger, garlic, and chili oil.  Then they grill it up and serve it hot. I like to add fresh cilantro, jalapenos, and peanuts after they finish cooking it..  They have really nice spicy beef soup.  I wash it down with a iced tea.  Its a guilt free meal really, great staff, locally owned, clean place that I highly recommend.  I go to all the locations, but this one most often.
4	Allergy friendly! That's my top priority, so I don't become ill. The meats are mediocre, but hardly anything I'm able to eat has any taste so I don't care. I love that they have brown rice also.
4	10 bucks for a large bowl including rice and a drink. Yes please! Pick your meat (dark and light chicken, pork, beef, cod), load up on veggies and then move to your starch. I loved that they had recipes for sauces for those that couldn't decide. My bowl was delicious, I went with the chefs special sauce and kicked it up with siracha. The soup was a beef broth and I heavily piled on the wontons. I couldn't finish my bowl but my leftovers were great. The only reason this isn't 5 stars is they charge for take home containers and the hostess had an attitude. And if you don't have cash you are putting that 50 cents on your debit card... Not cool really. Still I would definitely be back as the food was good and the line moved quickly.
5	My sister and I wanted to try something new but we were very unsure what we were wanting so we thought we'd go with the whole Mongolian "let's see them cook in front of us" place. I yelped here and there and noticed this place has extensive reviews. 4 stars with lots of reviews is hard to come by now days. We walk in and we bypass the register so the lady immediately followed us and asked if it were our first time (clearly).  They have an option of bowls but there is only a dollar difference between small and large (we went with large). You start by selecting the food you want from a small bar with numerous amounts of meats and vegetables. After that you get to pick your own seasonings that'll highlight your dish. The person at the register helps you with all of these options and is really helpful. After all your desires have been chosen you get to see the cook, cook your meal in front of you. Along with the meal you get to pick up rice and soup with a drink (if you have gotten the meal). Which is a pretty sweet deal. After  our meal (which we didn't finish) we asked for to-go boxes which you have to pay fifty cents extra but with this being our first time she let us have them for free. Overall experience was amazing. We definitely will be coming back but with empty stomachs. ;)
4	I've Only been to YC's one time after going to a place called Stir Crazy in Chicago with the same concept. My 'creation' was bad... Un edible .. But it was all my fault. I doused my meal in sauce,.. And salt.. And more sauce.. After receiving the tip from a boyfriend at the time that it was necessary. Oops.. But I did enjoy the soup and after adding plenty of rice to soak up the excess salt/sauce, it wasn't too bad. The ice cream was great and the people were friendly:) I'll be back experienced and with a much better rating :)
1	Gross. Filthy. In dire need of remodel. All utensils, dining surfaces, fixtures, trays, etc are in need of replacement.  The ignorant, un-enthused staff member did not fully explain the choices available as she handed us dingy steel bowls, and charged about $12.00 a person for them. . I also was WAY NOT COOL with what seemed like gallons of water being added to my meal as it was cooked on the grill, ultimately creating a disgusting soupy mess of a dinner. I was not interested in finishing my meal, and HAD TO PAY OUT OF POCKET FOR A TO-GO CONTAINER AND A BAG. Finally, when it comes to the soup... Do not, for your life, eat this trash. It's days old meats and veggie bits... So rancid. So gross. If you look at my other reviews, I tend to focus on the positive aspects of my dining experiences, but unfortunately the negatives at YC's Mongolian Grill were many. I highly suggest NOT eating here.
3	My first YC experience. It's an interesting concept. You get a bowl and stack it with as much food as you can and then it's cooked for you. If you know how to pack your food, it's worth the price.
4	Not a bad place to stop in for lunch. It can be a bit busy and if your appetite is huge, you might want to opt for the unlimited trips option. The secret is to Smush. Use the wax paper to fit everything in your tiny little bowl. Enjoy!
1	I went last night at 8:30pm and the doors were CLOSED! I just wanted food to go:( why couldn't they attended me!? That's a waste of business, closing a half an hour before actual closing time? Really guys?? I had to go to subway, I guess it's good business for subway:p  Maybe complaining to the manager might be good, I LOVE THIS PLACE, but why close at 8:30pm when the sign says 9:00pm? The food is great and all I've been coming here for the past 2years, but my one star goes to closing WAAAYYYYYY to early.  What a disappointment!What's the point of going after work for dinner if it closes WAY before closing time?:(Thanks for not wanting to attend me, I'll be choosing other places to eat.It would of been 5 stars:(
5	One of my favorite restaurants!  I went here often in college, and I used to be able to get three meals out of it - order a large bowl and a doggy bag.I love being able to make my own sauce, with lots of garlic, and dont' forget to SQUISH the meat into the bowl!
5	With practice, you can make a huge bowl, large enough for 3 meals!
4	Tried this place for the first time this weekend!! Loved it:) will be back! Next time I will def add extra sauces though. Yum!!
5	Upon our arrival we were greeted by the smiling Maria and since my two guests had never been here, she had took time to explain how everything works. I loved how they give you an extra small bowl to apply your sauces I fill it with two parts yc's own, one part spicy Hunan, one part garlic, and don't forget the spicy oil!!! Great experience was had and now my guests look forward to coming back.
