5	Matt & Ernie's new place is wicked cool.  Situated in the bottom of an architect's office and across the street from Survivor's Park, this is sure to be a great place.  We got to go check it out during a sneak preview last weekend.They are going to be rocking coffee, tea, bottled drinks, Tammie Coe sweets, and a lunch sandwich or two.Can't wait for them to be open full time.**Update**Since Joel pointed out that my review wasn't quite supportive of my 5-Star review, I'd like to add thisWell, I'm not a coffee drinker - so I don't really compare coffee shops on the taste of their coffee, I compare based on ambiance, design, and selection.  I know that seems weird but what else am I supposed to do?  The tea I had was good, they had a good selection of bottled drinks, and the place is more inviting than Lolas, Lux, or Copper Star (all of which feel small and crammed to me).  It's a place where I would actually hang out and to me, not being a coffee drinker, that is what makes it as good as it gets.
5	Matt and Erenia Pool have done it again (finally)The proprietors fo Matt's Big Breakfast and The Roosevelt have at long last opened their long-awaited coffee shop.Located just a block east of Central and a few steps south of McDowell; Giant Coffee shares the ground floor with the equally lovely Bunky Boutique.The space is wide open and amazingly designed by the architecture firm located upstairs (the Merz Project).As you might expect, if you have any experience with the Downtown Pool Empire, The ambiance and the coffee are both exceptional.For a space which seems so small from outside, the amount of seating is impressive. The floor to ceiling opening front windows allow for an amazing feeling of expansive breathing room.I have only gone once, (this morning) I had the Honey0vanilla latte. It was fantastic. Simple and sublime at once. a more extensive menu of treats and goodies to nosh on is to follow soon.Bravo...
5	I came here with Joellen on Sunday, and WOW!! Place is awesome!  I really really liked it here.  Staff was friendly, helpful, welcoming, coffee was tasty as well!  They had the creme in these really cool "old school" containers, and place was well decorated. I will say, they had a TON of seating!!  The only thing was, that after a while it wasn't all that comfortable, and I had to get up and walk around....bench seats were kind of hard on the rear end...but worth every minute we spend there.  LOVE LOVE LOVE This place!!!!
4	I am so grateful that Giant Coffee is finally open. While I live just upstairs from two other local coffee shops, I'll gladly walk out of my way to go to Giant from now on. Coffee: I usually order a latte and it is always excellent, smooth and sweet and doesn't require any modification. Food: I've had an english muffin with jam, and I've tasted one of the pain du chocolat pastries they offer as well. Both superb.Price: yeah... well, a little pricey, but in my opinion, worth the extra pennies. From the coffees (Four Barrel Coffee), to the organic milk from Strauss Creamery, and the pastries and breads from Tammy Coe and MJ (I think that's where I remember them telling me these were from)...totally worth it.Space/Environment: LOVE the giant (pardon the pun) open front, the various options for seating, the free wi-fi, the music selection, and the fact that Matt and Erenia (the owners) regularly pop in and talk to their customers. The not-so-great things (there are only two): The hours aren't great - YET. Tues/Sun 7AM to 3PM. But they say they'll be open 7am to 7pm starting 6/15. Nice! They only take cash right now. Hopefully they'll get with the program and start accepting debit/credit soon. I rarely carry cash with me and it sucks to have to stop at the ATM just so that I can go get a cup of coffee. Still, for Giant, I'll do it.
2	Giant Coffee's menu is not exactly giant. It's actually sort of sparse. Much of the wording on said menu is heavily littered with predictable buzzwords such as "fair trade", "organic", "recycled", which kind of never fails to annoy me. While I was standing there contemplating said menu, the air conditioning was blasting so hard I got goose bumps. Then I turned to contemplate the expansive space and saw the humongous front windows/doors were WIDE. OPEN. Yes. Wide open, spilling all the air conditioning out.Huh?Instantaneous loss of credibility. Yeah. So that said, the cash only deal is a bummer. Does anyone under 50 carry cash anymore? Total pain in the ass. If I have nine dollars on me, I don't to spend it all on overpriced coffee. The coffee itself is okay, very strong and a little burnt, as seems to be the trend in recent years. I could make it palatable with a lot of cream and some funky all-natural organic free trade green sugar-free alternative. It was definitely way too strong for my SO, who made a bit of a sphincter face with his first sip.The pastries are from Tammie Coe -- tasty, yes, but nothing you can't get elsewhere.The space IS gorgeous, don't get me wrong, and it's my favorite part of this shop. Disappointingly, the bathrooms are really average. Usually spiffy places like this have bomb ass bathrooms. The attached Bunky Boutique is super cute, and it deserves its own review.So yeah. Verdict? Too many other places to get coffee in this area... especially ones that open before 7 am, when I'm usually pounding the streets, desperate for caffeine. Time will tell how GC pans out...
2	Cash only? What century is this?! I know that service fees for those little card swipers are insane, but seriously, who carries cash these days? Very annoying. AND, I can't get an espresso to go? Yes, I know the intricacies of serving/enjoying espresso in its intended state, however, there is a little mantra in the service industry called "taking care of customers". (I made that up, obviously, but the gist is there.)Two stars for the awesome honey latte and atmosphere, but I won't return based on the lame first impression.
5	Giant Coffee is what coffee shops were 10-15 years ago.  Friendly employees, simple menu and well trained baristas with the highest quality equipment available at their fingertips.  We both ordered honey vanilla lattes.  These were done to perfection.  I ordered soy milk and this was the best soy foam that I have ever tasted, perfectly velvety and just the right amount. I spent years working for a major coffee place that starts with the letter "S" and I am a bit of a foam fanatic. Also, a beautiful pour on both of the lattes and a great balance of sweet honey and caramel colored espresso. I was happy to see rice milk, soy milk and goat milk as options, I will definitely try the honey vanilla with goat milk next time.  My only disappointment was that aside from the packaged bars, and thanks for carrying Larabars, there were not any non-dairy pastry type alternatives.  This is a coffee shop done right, we will be back.
4	this place is impressive at first glance. the design is stunning and uses lots of rough materials - wood,concrete, steel & even some sort of lava-rock substance on one of the walls. clean lines, lots of seating. quite a contrast from the homey breakfast joint up the road.the big open window space at the front is quite alluring (although i'm not sure how practical seeing as this is phoenix after all..)we had an americano & a quad latte.. both were fantastic & smooth.   we also had some toast with butter & local preserves (can't really go wrong here).. it was nice because one of the baristas came to ask us if we would like the ends of the bread toasted as an added bonus!  i HATE that it is cash only.  i NEVER have cash on me and this will be a huge deterrent when i am racing to work in the morning and have so many great coffee shops to choose from in the area.also, i'm not sure how he parking sitch will play out yet.. ?
4	Megan D., if you slept on twenty mattresses with a raw, coffee bean placed underneath them, I'm sure you would wake up in the morning insisting that the thing was over roasted. I mean, does anything in this city give you that funny, muscle spasm the rest of us recognize as a smile? And really "too many other places to get coffee in this area?" Um you do realize we live in Phoenix right? I'm thinking of opening up a cafe myself and calling it "Not Enough Coffee Places In This Area Megan D!" I just dropped in for the first time yesterday and christened it with one latte, a three hour writing sesh, a smoke break or two, a little bit of coffee shop eaves dropping and even some hardy conversation with the totally friendly baristas. The latte was dead on. Smooth and naturally sweet. The ambiance, a calculated balance of place to be seen-idness and just put your headphones on and zone out-ability. And those giant windows, that swirling breeze, the purple and orange sunset, I dare say I want them for my own.  I'll be back soon for sure with a giant muscle spasm on my face.
1	A few lessons learned after my trip to Giant.Lesson #1 to business owners--take credit cards.  I don't carry cash.  If you don't take credit, then you lose my business.  I will never understand why a business would not want to accept all possible means of payment.Lesson #2 to business owners--rather than turn me away for only having credit, it seems a better course would be to give me a free or reduced coffee (I did have a buck on me) on this visit.  This way you maintain goodwill, and I learn to have cash next time.  When Lola's credit machine went down, they gave me a free coffee.  You know what I did?  I went back many, many times.  I also paid them for that coffee they fronted me.Lesson #3 to business owners--when you fail Lessons 1 and 2, people write negative reviews on yelp.  Granted, this single review will never overcome the current hipster hard-on for Giant.  But in 3 months there will be some new place for them to go.  Meanwhile, I will still be living and working within a short bike ride of you.  I also make and spend a lot of money.Kudos to whoever designed the space.
2	I tried to go to Giant today.  I live in Tempe but was running some errands in the area and had been wanting to check out Giant since there's so much buzz around the place.  After taking a couple turns to find parking I walked up to the register to be confronted with the "Cash only" sign.  I asked if they were serious.  The barista said yes.  I asked if they'd take a check, since I randomly had my check book on me.  The barista said no.  And told me to go to CVS across the street to get cash out.  It's a hundred-flippin' degrees outside, so I'll take a pass on that.  I had no cash on me so I turned around and walked out.  I'm a small business owner myself, and get the outrageous fees charged by merchant services, but really?   Since I was in serious need of caffeine at this point I swung by Solo in Tempe on my way home where they gladly ran my Visa card.  I'll make sure to update this if I ever happen to be back in the area, can find parking, and have cash on me.
4	I have to admit, I've been out of the loop lately.  I start traveling and I lose track of new businesses popping up in the Valley... so when I was asked if Giant Coffee worked for a morning meeting today, I said yes even though I'd never even heard of it before!I was pleasantly surprised to see the positive reviews when I looked it up.  And I was even more pleasantly surprised when I found this gem of a new coffee spot hiding just east of the CVS on Central and McDowell.  One sip of my Iced Tottie and I was hooked.  Top that with the fabulous friendly service I received from Hayfa at the counter, and I'm sold.  An additional bonus is the large spacious restroom - three stalls!  How awesome is that?!  Giant Coffee is going to be my new fave coffee shop downtown *when I have cash, and when I just want a beverage.That's the reason for four stars instead of five... I highly suggest that Giant Coffee add some more food options to their menu, and perhaps start taking credit cards too.  But even if they do neither, I'll be back for my Iced Tottie fix.
4	The Pools have now opened up their third business within walking distance of my house. With the Pools you expect the best, and again of course they came through with another jewel. The space is just amazing and beautifully and uniquely decorated (pretty sure nothing here came from IKEA).The entire South wall is setup for laptops (which IMHO is one of the most important things that lesser coffee shops often forget).I had a Honey Vanilla Latte and it was smooth as silk. I can't wait to make this my new work space (provided the owners allow me to support them which is another story altogether).
2	Ack!  So I was terribly excited while waiting months and months for Giant to open because 1) I like the tucked away location 2) I love coffee and 3) We spend a lot of time at the library.So this morning after scooping up some Krispy Kreme donuts (mmmm) to take over to my friend Kate's house for brunch, I decided to pop by and grab a coffee to go since the previous 2 attempts at visiting Giant were met with a "closed" sign.I gave 2 stars because I really do like the space.  There were a few people hanging out and I walked up to the counter where 2 girls were working.  The girl behind the cash register was talking to a guy at the counter.  I then saw the cash only sign which wasn't such a big deal to me as I had some cash in my car today, though normally I don't and probably wouldn't have made the trek to CVS as I was in a hurry and had my 3 yr. old in tow.I asked the girl not talking if she could start my drink while I ran out to get my money.  She told me to order from the other girl.  I took two steps to my left and stood behind the chatting guy.  They kept chatting.  No bueno.  I looked at the other girl again who was just standing there, and again asked her if I could order my drink.  She looked at the talking girl and finally said "sure."I ordered 2 shots of espresso over ice with a shot of vanilla.  My summer morning caffeine jolt.  I was told by said girl that she couldn't make this for me."Excuse me????"  I was told that she was not allowed to make this, as the espresso was to only be ordered in so it could be drank (drunk?) within 10 minutes for the "flavor branding" of Giant.  I tried to persuade her again, letting her know I didn't want to drink it there - nor did I want to drink it hot, as I'd just been hanging out in a 105 degree parking lot for the past hour.  I was told "no."NO????  SERIOUSLY???  This girl - who I didn't even know - was telling me what I could or couldn't drink when I hadn't had ANY caffeine yet!  It's probably a good thing my daughter was with me after all, as being turned down for espresso + PMS don't co-exist very happily.She asked if I'd like something different.  I simply said "no," when I really wanted to say oh so much more with included %%$$&*(#*$^$ words.  I will not be back.  Thankfully there are other options (with my #1 being Royal Coffee) and I would have even made the trip up to Lux if I hadn't been in a hurry.So french pressed coffee at Kate's it was, and I would strongly recommend that Matt get over his "flavor branding" theory if he wants to thrive and to teach his employees the concept of the customer being right if they are polite, have cash, and aren't asking for something ridiculously out of the ordinary.Jeesh.
4	Dear Giant Coffee, You should get a really giant sign to let us know where you are! :) After a brief tour de Phoenix, I finally found you tucked away near the CVS by the Art Museum. It was worth the search. Your shop is trendy, clean, inviting and filled with quality coffee. When I walked up to the counter, a friendly staffer named Hayfa immediately welcomed me and began helping me find the perfect blend for my mood. I'm a chocoholic by nature and the Hot Xocolate caught my eye. I'd never heard of it before and Hayfa proceeded to give me a helpful history lesson on the taste. She told me that it was a hot chocolate like no other with a spicier kick to it, almost like a Mexican chocolate. All sounded good to me, so I ordered it. Hayfa mentioned that Matt (the owner) hand selected everything for the coffee shop and made sure he had the perfect blends. It was apparent after the first sip. I was happy to learn that you keep your hot beverages at the perfect temperature, so I can begin sipping right away and leave with a burn-free tongue. Your setup is great for working or to use as a meeting space. It's nice that visitors have the option to set up shop at a high-top working station or sit on family-style benches throughout the coffee shop. Your shop isn't huge, but it's a good size. You have free wi-fi (yay!). For shopaholics like me, I loved the boutique attached to your shop. Buyer beware, there are some cute items lurking inside!! My Top Five Likes:1. Free Wi Fi 2. Personal work stations 3. Hand selected coffee 4. Friendly staff 5. Great location and set-up (once you find it!) So, until next time Giant Coffee. And trust me, there will be a next time. Love, LindseyPS: Since it was so hard for me to find it, I decided to take this opportunity to spell out the directions. If you are traveling south on Central, make a left on McDowell and keep your eyes open. Are they wide open? OK, the second you see CVS, look for a small alley and make a right. Giant Coffee is hidden next door to CVS and you can very easily pass it. When I visited, they didn't have a phone number listed yet, but luckily for you, they do now!
4	This place has a great atmosphere and good location. They care more about the coffee than the sweeteners added to the coffee which I appreciate. I would have given them 5 stars if they took debit! I completely agree with not using debit and credit cards however that cost can be passed to the customer if they want. That would at least let them make the sale. Anyway... They had a vanilla honey coffee that was very good. Not too sweet so it let the coffee flavor shine through. I would definitely recommend this place, just remember to bring cash!
4	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):8 Food/Drinks9 Service11 Atmosphere8 ValueGiant Coffee gets a rare over-ten score.  Its space is so well done i almost hate it out of jealousy.  The two-person workcounters and the long, unbroken shared benches are awesome.  I love how they allow people to interact naturally.  The materials, layout, and decor are all well thought out.The hot Chai latte was no Cartel, but it was good.  For the record, they will take credit cards when the bill is over $5.  So order that scone :)
4	I think the honey vanilla latte is one of my new favorite coffee creations. The coffee is good and the atmosphere and decor is awesome. I love the guitar on the wall with the little screen inside it. The workspaces are also really cool along the wall. The menu is pretty simple, but when its well done who can complain. The pastries are from MJ bread/tammie coe so they will certainly not disappoint. I am looking forward to the breakfast menu being served. It looks yummy. Definitely, close to the top on my list of favorite coffee shops in downtown phoenix.
4	Yay! I'm a fan pretty much sums it up!'Giant Coffee'....  hmmmWhile I have no idea what the hell that's supposed to mean, I do like that it seems to elicit  playful banter, in which we get to bust out our best porn star voices and use the phrase 'GIANT coffee' in place of other more descriptive words whilst discussing where to go for our Saturday morning fix. It's fun, try it. On to the meat and potatoes :The coffee was good. My mocha was not sweet at all, something I actually enjoyed. There's a fine line between sweet and syrupy and hey, I'd rather have to add a lump of sugar myself than be stuck in nestle chocolate syrup hell. The little chicky that took our order was cute and bubbly. She asked if we had ever been there before and seemed to genuinely care that we enjoy our experience. I really like the idea of not yelling out the customers name but table service for coffee also seemed a bit weird. I would prefer the latter of course and could definitely get over the awkwardness.. it's probably just me anyway..The space itself was outstanding. I am a table girl, not a couch girl (especially if I'm there less to socialize and more to surf). The work counter area is perfect for me as I don't like having people at my back when I'm working on my novel..... okay, checking my facebook, whatever. Having someone at my back when I'm on my computer is a pet peeve of mine and there is enough seating to accommodate multiple people with similar neurosis. High five! My only real complaint is the lack of an obvious space or bus-tub in which to leave your empties. Maybe I just missed it. I'm certainly not leaving it on the table and felt kinda silly walking back up to the counter all wide eyed and dorky 'Errrr...hey guys, what do I do with this...'. Again, I'm a neurotic train-wreck so sometimes human interaction gets the best of me. So ya, 4 stars!!
4	It should be called Giant Pastries! I bought a poppy seed muffin and I think it weighed nearly a pound. It was comically big, the girl behind the counter and I had a laugh. Hard to complain about that though!I like this place, despite being cash only and having next to no parking. The staff is really nice and helpful, thanks to them I got turned on to the honey vanilla latte which at $4.00 for a 16 oz. is a rather expensive but delicious revelation.Only complaint...the pastries are SUPER sweet. Almost unbearably. I had a bite of the muffin and my face puckered like Renee Zellwegger's.Another great little coffee shop to kill time in before work!
5	As long as I remember to bring cash this place is stellar. And now that they started serving food I'll be here all the time. Baked eggs? Uhh yes please!  Love it. Another score for Matt and family. :)
4	I'm giving them four stars even though they only take cash, which frankly is a huge hassle, and would probably be enough for me to stop going if this little coffee-shop weren't so darned awesome.Let me count the ways:1. Walking distance to the library. Books are to coffee as cigars are to scotch.2. Bright, open. This place has good light and a lovely modern interior. 3. Pretty good breakfast burritos, especially for a coffee shop. 4. That "Smoke Jumper" spicy quad shot will kick you square in the pants.5. If you prefer a more gentle wake-up, the Vanilla Honey Latte is more like your grandma rustling your shoulder and saying "Sweetie? time to get up!" in her best inside voice.6. The little desk spots are the best for computerating.7. Slow Sundays. In a downtown coffee shop, this is a HUGE plus.8. There are more parking spots in back.9. Did I mention the library? And the museum? It's what some folks call a "pedestrian cell" --you know, when you can walk to stuff? And they are in general sorely lacking 'round here. If you forget cash, resign yourself to shuffling over to the CVS with the morning tweakers.
5	Giant Coffee ~ You're the reason I get out of bed before 8 am on Sundays!  I used to be a habitually Sunday Sleeper Inner...not now since I was introduced to Giant..and I don't even drink coffee.It's the atmosphere I return for each week. Although I must say their bagels are tasty, the homemade cream cheese spreads are delicious and the pastries decadent.  For a drink I go with an iced chai then an Acqua Panna later on.  I abhor bottled water (wasteful!) but this is my one Sunday vice. Shall I go to confession now?Let me now address the parking situation ~  it's quite easy!  go park in the CVS lot, towards the back. There's some shady trees and you can walk right across the Cancer Survivors Park to Giant. If you're lucky you may see the family of bunnies that have been hopping around. Just please remember to leave a shady spot for me on Sunday mornings!Cash Only ~  so what?!  grab a few bucks from the ATM or buy some sundries at CVS to get cash back.  Cash is King in this economy and I can't say I blame them for this requirement.Atmosphere - completely relaxed and chill.  My group normally takes the two brown chairs up front on Sunday mornings.  Perfect spot in front of the HUGE floor to ceiling windows/doors, which by the way open up when the weather isn't 150 degrees.  Groovy music flowing through the place at a volume you can hear, but won't interfere with your conversation.  Employees - cheerful and helpful.  They know their stuff and are quick to make a recommendation if you ask.  And they won't make you feel silly either!  Oh, and Gio is the best.  Bottom line ~ Simple space, simple offerings for a simply delightful Sunday morning.
4	Diggin' Matt and Ernie Pool's latest concept. Like their other restaurants, Giant Coffee feels comfortable and delivers on the goods. On a hot summer day, the honey vanilla latte (iced with soy milk) was a perfect treat. Topped it with the chocolate-hazelnut cookie and was in heaven!The always-satisfying Bunky Boutique next door makes this address a total winner!
4	After another enjoyable morning perched at Giant Coffee, I'm still a large fan of this coffee house. Today, I tried the Honey Vanilla Latte. Yes yelp homies, it's as good as it sounds. Was it the honey mixed with sweet vanilla or was it the vanilla sweetened with delicious honey? Either way, I like it and I'd really like to find an excuse to stop by for a cup every morning. Here's what I liked most about it: I would take a sip of my coffee and totally forget about the honey until it touched my taste buds and I was pleasantly reminded once again. The staff remains to be so nice and friendly every time I'm there and the coffee shop is comfortable to sit and chat with some fellow yelpers during office hours or do some work to plan the next Yelptastic event. Keep up the good work of consistently pleasing your customers Mr. Giant Coffee!
3	I moved into an apartment a few blocks from here last August.  I was taking light rail at the time and saw the progress of the build out and the "Opening in October" bitch tease sign, although they didn't open until many months later.  Did they need the extra six months to generate hype?  To annoy me?  To perfect their "no espresso to go for you" attitudes?  Did the carrying costs of build out of the space and rent for all those extra months contribute to the reason as to why they don't accept credit cards?  When will someone graffitti their windows with "Cash is for Strippers"?Space is really cool.  The "green" vibe, compostable coffee cups, etc is nice, too. Although sugar cubes out in the open grosses me out and stevia tastes like donkey ass.The coffee and lattes, as the three stars say A-OK.
3	Been to Giant twice now, and both times had a good but not memorable visit.  Big plus is the ambiance and overall look of the place.  I bet it is simply fantastic when they can open the front doors/panels in the evening and let the cool air come in.But the coffee has been just okay. Their sweeter drinks seem a better bet, as they are rather tasty. The cappuccinos I've had have both been a little foamy - not bad, just not great. I'll be sticking with sweetened drinks from now on.So if you're looking for a great place to land and visit, check it out.
4	Giant Coffee is a welcome addition to the caffeine scene in central Phoenix.After visiting Matt's Big Breakfast and The Roosevelt, I knew the atmosphere at Giant would be sublime, and I was right. While I had already been inside for a few Merz events and art shows, it was nice to actually sit down with a book and a coffee and experience a cafe like it is meant to be.The coffees I've had were decent, but no threat to Cartel or Royal (and there is something about importing it from a CA roasters that sits wrong with me), but at least they are making the effort to raise the bar in the central city. However, decent coffee is fine with me, as to me, the drinks themselves are only an excuse to hang out with friends or a good book in cool place.From the other reviews,It sounds like I may have to give the honey vanilla latte a try... if only they had a loyalty card ;-) Although I could do without the 'price premium' for a toddy (if anything it's easier to make that a regular).  While it won't be my 'go to' coffee joint, it will be a regular stop while visiting the library or Art Museum, freeing myself from the teen scene and blue hair beat crowds of  their respective cafes.Oh, and shut up already about the 'cash only.' It's quirks like this that remind us we're actually living in a city and not and endless sprawl-topia.  If you only carry cards, there are plenty of Starbucks around.
4	Yeah, it's a cash-only spot. I've gotten over that. I just don't frequent it as much as other places, because I don't have cash on me all the time. Oh well.What everyone has Yelped about the ambiance is undoubtedly true: It's a true gem. I wouldn't expect anything less from this beautiful [merz]project building, nor would I from Matt Pool, he of Matt's Big Breakfast and the Roosevelt. It blends the clean lines of modern cool with the rustic reusability of the Bunky Boutique space that shares the same room. Visually stunning!The coffee is mighty fine, though I wish it was sourced from an in-state roastery. I'm all for sipping from well-crafted beans, but I'm kind of shocked Matt went this route. Still, sourcing from California is probably better from an eco-friendly standpoint than what most places around here do. The bathroom, I must say, is the best-smelling men's bathroom in downtown Phoenix. Let's make sure it stays that way. Also, it's Arctic cold in there regardless of time of day. That's amazing during the summer. Let's hope it's equally as toasty come wintertime. One caveat: I'm an Americano drinker by default, and I don't like when places recommend (nay, insist) you get the iced coffee alternative instead. A few other places do this, but I know what I like. Just a fair warning to my other Americano friends out there.Can't say I've tried the pastries yet, but they always look very promising. I'm excited for lunchtime sandwich/salad service to start, as this is the time I'm usually doing my coffee shop visits during the day.
5	Do you like things that are delicious?  What about things that are cool?  Or how about friendly people? You know. Cute girls/guys? Or maybe you like really tasty coffee? What about an establishment with good taste in music? No? Not into those things?Well shoot.  I don't really know if you'd enjoy Giant Coffee then.
4	It was easy to park my scooter here, but I wouldn't have been able to park a car.   I was thirsty, and ordered the fresh-squeezed lemonade.  It did not disappoint.  I can see the cash-only policy posing an obstacle frequently, though.  I like the clean, urban look.  The place was pretty busy, for a Monday afternoon.  The music was good; the volume appropriate for conversation.  I like the dedicated computer-user seating.  I can't wait to come by for coffee and a pastry.
5	best.  cappuccino.  ever.
5	Went to Giant Coffee on Friday morning before work, because I was out of coffee at home.  Ordered a large iced coffee, but none of the tasty baked goods, because they only take cash, and I only had $5.  It was the most flavorful iced coffee I've ever had.  I don't take any cream, sugar, or flavoring in my coffee.  I like my coffee like my men...dark and bitter!  The flavor of the coffee was complex and delicious.  And I remarked to a friend at work, at 5:30 p.m., that I still felt "highly caffeinated."I was STILL out of coffee on Sunday morning, because I hadn't been able to get to get to the place where I buy my beans yet.  So, I went to Giant (after stopping by a downtown credit union for ATM cash) to try breakfast.  I got the oven baked eggs with proscuitto.  The place was busy, and the meal was good.  I thought it a tad on the pricy side (over 12 for meal and coffee), but the service was excellent.  There seems to be parking space in the back, so my parking concerns are alleviated.  And it looks like the front of the shop might be able to open up completely when the weather cools, which would be amazing.  I am upgrading Giant Coffee to 5 stars.
3	Only had a few minutes to get an americano. The place is small but cool with plenty of places to sit, surf the web or chat. Parking isn't good but worth trying out. Great design matt. & Ernia! I'll still be at Matt's more often,
3	This place is walking distance form the Burton Barr library, has great prices, great coffee, and a friendly staff. It was my first time and I didn't have cash on me. That's a mistake. Cash is a MUST. Walk over to the CVS right across the way to buy something and get cash back or use the ATM (also at CVS) if you forgot to bring cash.If you've never been here it's a little odd trying to find it as the building says Giant Coffee on the south and Bunky Boutique on the west. Same building, one entrance. Just walk through the door and you'll find yourself surrounded by complex aromas, happy customers, and a menu that's difficult to choose from (though a bit limited).If you need a wake up call order the Smoke Jumper. This cup of espresso is very complex, tasty, and does just what it's meant to do. Deliver an eye-popping experience leaving you fidgety for the next hour or so, depending on how well you handle caffeine of course. Beginners, I don't recommend this.I only gave it three stars because the Smoke Jumper is all I ordered. After I try more of their coffees and treats I'll see about giving them an updated review. If you like your coffee house clean, the staff to be friendly, and your coffee to taste outstanding, Giant Coffee is the place for you.
5	Matt's big breakfast is my favorite, the Roosevelt is awesome and now Giant Coffee is posed to be a favorite too! Fist visit here and already can't wait to come back, chill, and do some work.
5	Okay, so I only had a cappuccino but it was the most divine cap I have had in AZ...ever. Forget they only take cash and may be coffee snobs-The decor is great and I can't wait to try more of their offerings and sit at one of their uber cool computer stations.
4	Today was my first time at Giant Coffee and it won't be my last. I ordered the Honey Vanilla Latte. The coffee is strong and smooth, not too sweet. The staff are really friendly and the place smelled like someone poured maple syrup over it becuase they were making granola. Grabbed a Tammie Coe cupcake to go but all the other pastries looked great. So glad this is in my work "backyard"!
5	Stumbled upon this place while on a break at the ASU Downtown campus. It's so hard to find a place to settle in and hang out for a while without the entire valley knowing your secret. I ordered a decaf honey vanilla latte. delish! i wish i loved tea. the service setup looks delightful! cash only. good luck parking. don't bother me if my headphones are in. :)
5	OMG!Love the vanilla honey latte, cold.And the pastries are bomb.And the CREAM CHEESE AND BAGELS ARE UNREAL!!!In order of our favorite CC:1) Three Bell Peper2) Jalapeno3) Green Onion4) Vegetable5) Sundried TomatoGiant Coffee bagels are sort of like Pokemon but instead of "Gotta Catch em All", you "Gotta Try em All!!!"Mmmmmmmmmmm, delish!
4	Once we found this place (I think we did 3 u-turns), we were happy with what was at the end of the treasure hunt.  This little coffee house is adorable.  It's got a boutique in the same space, it has a groovy selection of furniture, lots of floor to ceiling windows, and a friendly staff...Not to mention my new favorite drink!I'm always a sucker for my vanilla soy lattes, but this place makes a honey vanilla latte that makes my knees weak.  Such a small addition, such a big impact.All I can say is, please invest in a sign.  If I had less determination I would have gone somewhere else, or assumed you were out of business.
4	Love Giant Coffee.  Fun place to hang, do a little work, and drink some good coffee.
5	This place is great! Coffee is amazing. HVL is amazing as everyone else has mentioned in their reviews. Great place to enjoy a lazy Sunday and read the paper with friends. Also, free wifi so good place to get your study on.Staff is very friendly and helpful.Now accepting  cards via Square!
4	Now that you take credit, you see me several times a week and receive a rating commensurate with my visits.  About damn time you learned how to take my money, which I for so long wanted to give.  Now if you were only open when I go to work at 6:30 am we could really have something going.  Who are your customers that are on their way to work at 7 or after?  Lazy people.  So now work on being open earlier.To all the yelpers who called out those of us who complained about no credit--suck it.  Carrying cash is a big deal for those of us who are not day laborers, servers, strippers, or anyone else working in a cash trade.
4	It is good to keep finding nice places where to stop, enjoy a good cup of dripped coffee and just chill. Decoration is really nice and the terrace idea works fine to contemplate the sunsets. Until November they only took cash, so I had no chance to try other things. Next stop I'll give it a try to other treats.
4	On my quest to find the best chai latte in town; could this be it?? we'll see.I love the adjacency to Bunky Boutique & the ambiance in general is nice, with that giant open west wall of windows.Too bad for the location, and also this terrible music. Don't get me started on the neglected cancer survivors park.
4	Stopped in for the first time today and I was met by a very nice woman behind the counter. She even answered my questions about their use of Square for payments.My 4-shot latte was tasty as was the breakfast burrito (eggs, chicken, white beans, jalapenos and very good salsa). The employee told me is would take 15 minutes to heat up in their oven, so I just took it home to nuke.I will return.
5	I just recently discovered this place last week. I live in Tempe, but have been here about 4 times since then. Excellent service, great coffee, yummy fresh food, and a sweet minimal, clean atmosphere. If you're downtown, this should be your coffee spot.
5	So far - this is the best coffee place in town.  I love how relaxed but clean and modern this place feels.  I especially enjoy the days when they open their large glass doors in the front - so we can sit and enjoy our oh so smooth honey vanilla latte and mocha and enjoy some great conversation. The honey vanilla latte - smooth slightly sweet and delicious. My BF gets the mocha - initially he got one on accident after ordering a hot chocolate - but this accident was a good thing.  He gets it now everytime. We have decied to make this a regular stop during the weekends - he gets a burrito (which is constantly changing) and I pick one of their yummy pastries (bagel with fresh vegi cream cheese - oh so tasty) or the home made granola. Just delicious.  I also enjoy the connection to Bunky - which I can wonder through after enjoying my weekend breakfast. Well done! Well done in deed!!!!
5	I am in love with what this place has become! It used to be an eyeglass grinding factory [my older brother in law tells me that was his first job out of high school] and now you can meet your graphic design firm, buy your funky [or Bunky?] vintage ensemble and get a great baked-egg and prosciutto breakfast with your delicious caffeinated beverage, all without braving the shaded sidewalk! Use your plastic to pay for breakfast - you just have to gesture your signature on their wi fi iPad.Have your business meeting, do your homework, or just people watch. For hours like I did the other day, they don't mind [yet]. I guess THIS is why they don't bulldoze good old buildings ...
5	.Giant Coffee is the newest venture from the creative genius who brought us Matt's Big Breakfast and Roosevelt. Similar to these other hot spots, Giant Coffee is ultra hip and doesn't disappoint. While in town I met with a friend for an espresso, and instantly fell in love with the space. The coffee shop offers a modern and hip retreat from the cement jungle. I am a sucker for ultra modern loft-like spaces so instantly I loved the vibe Giant offered. While I was there they had the space opened up so we had the pleasure of enjoying fresh air while sipping the rich, dark coffee.The coffee was delicious. I am happy to find a non corporate chain coffeehouse in AZ. The baristas were friendly hipsters, so I felt right at home. =)There is a $5 minimum if you use a card for payment. But, use a credit card so you can check out the Square technology on their iPad.This place is top notch and a welcomed addition to my future Phoenix visits.
5	I am head-over-heels for this place and I don't even drink coffee. I went with a friend this weekend and had a (delish) brownie coconut thingy.  The glass front of the coffee house was opened like a sun roof -- it was absolutely beautiful.  My friend loved her latte too!
5	Giant Coffee was a beautiful and welcome respite from my pedestrian excursion yesterday in the unexpected blustery wind and cold. The interior is modern and clean, yet comfortable with live! happy yellow flowers placed on every table. I enjoyed a delicious mocha (made with organic Strauss Family milk) and a cheddar dill scone, and the laid back atmosphere and music.
4	My new favorite coffee shop, period.So I started class again this week so it's time to get back into the coffee shops to do homework. My buddy has been raving about this place lately, and I finally got to check it out. The shop is laid out perfect, tons of seating and lotsa windows. I found a great spot to post up at and do my homework. They have large tables throughout the shop, a few viewing seats in front of the windows and a nice long bench with tables to sit and do work at. On to the drank.I got a great iced vanilla honey latte. The coffee is great, and the "shot" of espresso they pour is more like a shot and a half..so I still ordered a double haha  Great coffee, perfectly roasted and just great tasting. I also snagged a chocolate hazelnut cookie. The cookie looked soft, but was hard. I'm personally not a fan of hard cookies, but overall it was good. All in all, just a great experience. Officially my new favorite coffee shop.
4	This is my new favorite coffee shop in Phoenix. Had a meeting there this morning and went early to have breakfast, after reading that it's owned by Matt's BB.  Had the breakfast burrito, which, although a little pricey at $6, was really good. The banana bread was also pretty awesome.  As for the coffee, it was the best I've had in a Phoenix shop...sorry Lux.   I really liked the ambiance there, which for some reason made us feel a little like in an airport, but in a good way...great music playing as well.Will definitely be back.
3	Wow, what a great space! I could absolutely see myself sitting here in a chair by the open window on a warm day. Loved the decor. My husband and I came by after lunch at Thai Hut. He talked me into a small Honey Vanilla latte. To be honest, I wasn't into the coffee. The roast just isn't my style but I do think alot of people would like it. My husband bought me one of their butter cookies that are intentionally VERY soft in the middle, almost like you are eating raw dough. It was good. Not awesome, but definitely a butter cookie that I have never had like that before. The middle tasted like cheesecake to me, for some reason, but I liked it. I definitely prefer my cookies a little more cooked but I would say I enjoyed this cookie. Even though my experience was just okay, I look forward to returning. The employees were friendly and I loved the atmosphere.
5	Modern inside trapped in a windy desert outside. I loved my soy americano. Beats going to the local Starbucks. I like to support the little guy. And their coffee was excellent!  I ordered the Americano.Oh and the Breakfast burrito was delicious! I was the Jalapeno, cheese, egg and potato). OMG. I wanted to buy another one, just to take it home for later!
5	I loved the coffee at Lux, I'm now in love with Giant Coffee- for the coffee. Premium ingredients = premium tasting coffee. Love the Honey Vanilla Latte.
4	Three words: Honey Vanilla Latte. Gah! I love it! Giant Coffee is a simple and delicious way to start your day. The interior and atmosphere they have created are just gorgeous. The deconstructed vintage charm makes it familiar while the sleek modern layout gives it a calming presence that is downright soothing. Matt and Erenia Pool definitely know what they are doing. Just like their other local establishments (Roosevelt Tavern and Matt's Big Breakfast), you can expect to find quality, super fresh ingredients in everything Giant Coffee serves up. It's a difference you can taste. I only wish the tortilla on my yum burrito hadn't been so dry, and that they had at least one gluten free option on the menu so my poor wheat-allergic little sister could have had breakfast too. That is all. Overall this place is a real charmer, and deserves your business far more than any Starbucks could ever hope to. Plus it's within walking distance from the downtown library. What more could you ask for? P.S. Giant Coffee is no longer cash-only and will happily accept your credit/debit card. How convenient. Yayers!
4	Ive been to giant several times now and I am a fan!!! I went this morning and took my man - he loved it!!The simplicity of the space (recycled and modern) is the perfect combination for me to work or enjoy a morning drink.The coffee is delicious, some of the best in the valley, and I like that they have a variety of delish items to nosh on...my only complaint about the food is that the burritos are made in the am and served throughout the day, so there is no opportunity to 'alter' them, I would like egg whites please!Lastly, Giant has consistently had great service, I am happy to say that it is lacking the pretentious attitude that much of the downtown coffee scene exhibits.Overall, a shining star among the downtown coffee houses.
4	I have to say, everything from the drinks to the food to the music to the decorations... I'm a fan! I sincerely hope this place makes it!Stopped in after a meeting downtown yesterday to grab a cup and unwind. Just ordered my usual cup of black coffee, but couldn't help drooling over the scones, muffins, and other delicious selections that had on display. I respected the fact that their coffee was organic and fair trade, and that they served milk and cream from Strauss Dairies. It's the little, thoughtful, things that make me happy.The decor was simple, comfortable, open and airy. Its the type of place you can go and be by yourself, or be there by yourself yet not feel alone. During the summer I'm sure the vibe will be different, as currently they have a completely open front space, (like a large garage door opened for you to walk in) however I'm sure I'll be back. OH, and I loved that for the 30 minutes I was there I heard the Avett Brothers, John Bulter Trio and some Feist on the music selection. Random and fabulous, I love it.
5	This is one of my favorite coffee shops. The coffee is great, the pastries are delicious, and the ambiance is perfect. One of the best things about Giant is the physical space itself, it's nicely decorated and the floor to ceiling windows along one side of the place turn it into a beautiful place to sit and contemplate the world.Bonus = take a break perusing the goods at the small boutique next door.
4	Coffee is pretty good, though it would not make my top 3 list in Phoenix. Great atmosphere and cute interior. Pastry happy hour (after 4PM everything is 50% off!) is a nice feature too.
4	First time at Giant and I have to say, the employees are super friendly, building is gorgeous and coffee was delicious. I will definitely be coming back! Bonus, Bunky boutique inside is fun to walk around in as you drink your coffee!
4	I cannot tell you how much coffee means to me, it is The Alpha to my day (Does that make sense?) and without it my day can fail.  So about Giant Coffee...You will like it because it's brought to you by the creators of Matt's big breakfast and they care about quality and creating a warm environment for you to visit everyday.They are not 5 stars yet because they can focus on better service, the coffee is great but the coffee takes too long to prep. Argue all you want but a coffee shop should be fast.  Especially if they make you get your coffee when they call you.  Or you have to have someone serving and taking it to your table. Lastly you need to open early!! Yes coffee shops are typically for the morning folk too... 7am is not early.
4	The cool factor at Giant is off the charts. The open-air venue, apart from the front-row view of a CVS pharmacy, is awesome, and I love the layout with its variety of seating options. You can't beat being located a block from the McDowell/Central light rail station.The Wi-Fi performs very well and the coffee was above average. If I worked a little closer I'd probably list Giant at No. 2 in my Coffee Power Rankings, behind almighty Cartel. Whether you're trying to get some work done, having a business meeting, or just catching up with a friend, Giant is an option I'd strongly recommend.One criticism: I do not like the $5 minimum on credit cards. I understand it, but I sure as heck don't like it.
3	So I went here the other day on the Tour de Coffee de Phoenix... ftw. I ordered my usual... a latte and the BF got a mocha (the... unusual I guess). My latte was fine, not the best, but fine. It was a little watery... I think this may be due to the barista, not the coffee. That is a trend I see with Matt Pool's places.... bad service. We got here and waited like 5 minutes for someone to come out of the back and help us.... kinda weird. Also, it took the barista about 10 minutes to make a latte... whoa. Anyway, the reason for the low star -age is the BF's mocha.... ugh. It tasted like a hot chocolate milk made with hershey's syrup. No coffee flavor. No intense chocolate flavor. Just bad flavor. They do have a cool way to pay with a credit card.... on an ipad....and the space is cool looking, but I probably wouldn't go back.
1	I love Matt Pool's restaurants, so I keep going back to Giant in hopes that it won't disappoint.  The food is amazing, the coffee is great, and the atmosphere is everything you are looking for...BUT the service is terrible.  I have gone three times, each time the service is awful.  The first time it was just slow, no big deal, it was the girls second day.  The second time I was ignored for 10 minutes, then the girl forgot my drink order (It was coffee with soy milk).  Then this weekend I tried it again.It was stormy outside and the perfect day to sip coffee, eat breakfast, and shop at Bunky's.  I ordered a coffee (black this time) and the baked eggs with toast WITHOUT PROSCIUTTO.  I paid the $8 for eggs and toast without complaint since I was the person being difficult.  It took 15 minutes to get my coffee (remember its just plain drip coffee), no big deal, I can wait. Then another 20 minutes after I received my coffee the guy comes by with my eggs and toast, covered in prosciutto.  He asks if this is my order and I tell him I ordered it without the meat.  He says, "oh, then I will bring you a side plate." I tell him that isn't what I want, and that I don't eat meat.  To this he responds with indignation, "what are you allergic?" I tell him no I am a vegetarian.  He then says, "ok well I will go just pick it off."  At that point I get a refund and call in an order to Matt's Big Breakfast for pick up.  It was only a 15 minute wait, was without meat, and was served with a smile.  Hoping that someone reads this and give the staff some much needed customer service training.  Matt is a talented chef and restaurateur hoping that this problem is fixed.  On a nice side note the outdoor seating is dog friendly.
3	Mixed feelings. The atmosphere and vibe is pretty cool and they have one of the best breakfast burritos that I have had in a long time. I was not excited, though, by paying $2.25 (+ tax) on what comparatively was a medium sized drip coffee but I figured not a big deal but I was shocked when they charged $1 (again + tax) for a refill. Not cool.But I do give them major props for using an iPad for credit card charges - you sign for it with your finger and then the system text messages you with a link to your receipt. Nice!
4	Giant Coffee, from the moment you spot it (walking from the Downtown ASU campus, for me), welcomes you with open doors and, assuming it's sunny Phoenix day, will welcome you with open walls as well. Giant's design is a brick building with front sliding doors that allows it's front to be completely exposed - blending the inside of the space with it's surrounding environment. The inside is modular and down to Earth; benches, tables, certain walls, and the bar itself featuring wood in it's design. You'll enjoy the decorated guitar, the paintings, and the sculptures as well.Though more important than all of the design in the world, and seeing how this is a coffee shop in it's core purpose, is the coffee itself. You may know that Giant brews coffee from Four Barrel, out of San Francisco, and if you are even remotely well-versed in the world of coffee roasting then that's really all you need to know. In all honesty, a few of Giant's baristas won't be able to tell you much more about the coffee than that as well, but if you are curious for more, Four Barrel has both a blog (fourbarrel.tumblr.com) and a new website (fourbarrelcoffee.com) - providing info on everything from the sourcing of there beans, to the roasting, and then the finished product (single origin pour-overs, espresso, etc.) That being said: Fantastic espresso. I won't spoil the surprise but, whether ordering a single or a double (you might want more), you'll be delighted with it's flavor and the barista's skill behind the bar. With such delicious espresso, their lattes (excellent without added flavor), americanos, and cappuccinos hold up very well. I'm currently drinking an iced latte made with goat milk, figuring it is a rarity to come across, and, being a lover of goat cheese, I am very happy with it.I have yet to explore their brewed coffees, but perhaps that will happen next time I'm in. The breakfast burritos are tasty, and as are the pastries. I'd like to think Giant will hold me off on Four Barrel until the next time I'm In the richly coffee-cultured city of San Francisco.
4	ESPRESSOI'm a macchiato man, stained through and through, and Matt Poole marks his Four Barrel espresso with Strauss organic milk, so I am a happy man at Giant.  The sparkling water sidecar they serve with espressos and macchiatos is an expert touch. The espresso is smoother, say, than the coppery undertones of Lux, and Giant serves it in handle-less demitasse ceramics that are hot (not too hot) to the touch.PASTRY and FOODThe daily breakfast burrito (wrapped for takeaway or reheated and served on a plate in 12-15 minutes) is rarely vegetarian, but when it is, the tortilla is flaky, the eggs fluffy, and the peppers and potatoes local.The bread pudding is chewy delicious.I usually opt for the toasted bagel because the fresh-daily cream cheese is varied and fresh (dill or bell paper or carrot).AMBIENCEOn weekends and afternoons, it's less swarmed than Lux or Lola, and feels open and clean with concrete floors, high ceilings, clean lines, and bold materials (steel, wood, glass).The floor-to-ceiling glass panels accordion fold back to reveal a totally open front, great for gazing at Cancer Survivor's Park, Phoenix Art Museum, and McDowell & Central Ave.Bunky next door is sleepy, but every item is artfully placed.  Occasional succulents dot the interior and exterior.EXTRASGiant now accepts credit/debit via the nifty Square app on the house iPad.   The music rarely changes, and I have been hearing the same playlist for about a year (Spoon, Heartless Bastards, etc.).  Giant has dog treats, but I believe they prefer pups to be on the stoop out front.  No bike rack currently but a convenient railing serves just fine.
2	So, yes, it's a great location, 1 star. And a great interior, 1 star. After my 3rd visit I am officially ready to write them off my coffee list. I love supporting local businesses, but this place just isn't my cup o' jo. Yesterday morning I went to get a latte, I ordered a small with an extra shot. The price went from $3 to $4.65, What the ....what?!? The esspresso just seemed to have a sour taste, and since I had to have my caffine, and wouldn't dare to go near the break room sludge, I forced myself to drink this. I actually wished I had gone to starbucks and I'm just not that kind of girl!!!! Maybe I am coffee spoiled, but I just couldn't palette this stuff. I am also sad they never have veggie options for breakfast burritos and they don't even carry carmel for a carmel latte?!? And the honey vanilla latte is too sweet for my taste. I am glad that some people like it, but I would rather be at Jobot or Lola's. And yes they do now except cards, but are not card friendly if you only order 1 drink.
5	Lightning may not strike twice, but success has struck the Pool family, as their third business venture is another home run.Giant Coffee is in a great building located off first street and McDowell. Giant manages to strike a balance between modern/industrial and cozy. Plenty of space with various seating, along with a great big glass garage door which is opened during good weather.The coffee and snacks are what you would expect from Matt & Ernie, they are well thought out, and delicious. The honey vanilla latte is so tasty, and the pastries pair very nicely with it. One tip, the breakfast burritos take 15 minutes to prepare and heat, so just know if you are trying to get one to go, plan ahead, or they can give you heating instructions. Since this isn't QT, the stuff is a step above, and good things are worth waiting for.Last but not least, the service at Giant Coffee is, well- Giant! Every time I go to Giant, the service is fast, friendly, and warm. I admit to my locally owned bias, and this coffee shop is great, and another welcome addition to the 602. I really cannot think of  a good reason to pass a locally owned place in favor of a corporate company. I can only imagine what the next Pool venture will be, but if is anything like the other three businesses, Phoenix's future is so bright- it will have to wear shades.
2	I appreciate the third wave coffee shops that have popped up in the valley over the last couple of years. I love what Cartel, Press, Echo, et. al are doing for the coffee culture. Cartel has the best Iced Toddy I've tasted, Echo the best pour over and most consistently bright latte art, and Press wins the "most knowledgeable barista" award. But I take issue with the way in which Giant is attempting to do this. I have worked in three coffee shops with varying degrees of coffee cred, and I appreciate the spectrum of a coffeebar menu--from drip, pour over, french press, espresso. I don't drink Starbucks, but appreciate their role in the second wave introduction of coffee to Americans--especially in the 90's.Twice I have gone to Giant in an attempt to get my favorite summertime coffee beverage. Two shots of espresso with a little chocolate and half and half shaken over ice. The result is a wonderfully frothy, refreshingly sweet cup of love. The first time I went in I was frankly told that "No, I can't do that for you."  No further explanation. No lengthy lecture about how the ice "shocks" the espresso. No discussion of the integrity of the espresso. After this, I shrugged my shoulders, ordered a double espresso. Sure, I was impressed with the sparkling water (as I would receive in Europe)  I was given as a refreshing cap-off to my beverage, but it wasn't what I originally ordered. So, then, unsatisfied, I attempted to order my other summertime staple: an iced toddy. It was different, sweeter, nuttier than I'd had in awhile and I appreciated its character.  Luckily for me, the cranky barista who refused my order had left, so I went back up to ask about their toddy; what kind of beans they used, how long they let it cold brew, etc. It is a mix of all their beans, the girl said. "Do you like it?" she asked. "Yes!" I said. "Oh," she said, "I forgot, we also pre-sweeten it." No wonder. It's interesting that they sweeten their toddy, but won't serve me my drink. The second time the gentleman listened to what I wanted and, again, I was told that they can't do it. I was told that they "respect the fragility of the espresso" and "we serve our espresso in a more traditional manner."  At least I was given a reason, and I respect that.  But let me contrast this with my experience at Press Coffee. At the bottom of Press' menu they have a little sign that reads "if you don't see your drink, ask us."So, one day, I did. And the barista listened to my request and giddily told me that he'd gladly make my drink, and beyond that, it would probably be the best one I've ever had. "Why do you think it will be the best one I've ever had?" I asked.  He told me that Press believes that all of their ingredients are the best of the best and that any combination of them will produce a superior tasting drink. When I told him what Giant did (without naming names), he went above his call of duty in order to try and educate me (a critical phase of the the third wave). He defended Giant--he felt that protecting a beans integrity is important, while using this as an opportunity to talk about how third wave shops need to do a better job not alienating customers who have unique tastes. I understand that Giant is not alone in refusing drink orders:http://andiamnotlying.com/2008/murky-coffee-arlington-hold-that-espresso-between-your-knees/But I am not that obnoxious customer who doesn't understand espresso. I'm an ally, someone looking to refine my tastes, expand my understanding of coffee and the third wave. I can't tell you how much I appreciate baristi like those at Press. They're the ones who are going to "convert" the Starbucks drinkers, and, ultimately, conquer the world's coffee tastes. If Giant doesn't change their attitude I'm afraid their going to alienate a growing base of customers looking for top-quality coffee.
3	It was a Saturday afternoon, the weather was perfect, my bike was shining and I was thirsting for some delicious iced coffee. I'm not a woman of needing the finer things in life, but I do enjoy the riches of a ground bean. Unfortunately, I wasn't spoiled with a quality beverage at Giant. My friend is a connoisseur of coffee, and their espresso was bitter, and my disappointment was set off when they had absolutely no selection of sugar-free liquid sweeteners(diabetics beware). Aesthetically, the location is sure to spark a designers eye for all things contemporary.
3	This place could be super cool, if only they knew how to make coffee. The location is great, the layout is super fun and the music selection was fantastic. Unfortunately the coffee was mediocre at best so I will not be returning.
4	I went to my mothership, aka the Burton Barr. I was about to head home when I discovered Giant, on their 1 year anniversary no less! They were giving away FREE 12oz COFFEEs. (So, you know this review was bribed.) I went for the honey vanilla latte (I remembered yelpers yelping about it.) Sure thing, I agree! Mmm, mmm very good.Um, the weird thing about Giant is despite its name, it's pretty easy to miss. (I mean I'd never seen it before in all my days) So, if you're planning to go, look for the CVS across the street. Park your car over there too. There's parking in the back of Giant, but it's limited and you can't really keep your eye on your vehicle. And, well, you may want that ability. Oh, cute boutique attached too!
3	Giant coffee now uses credit card machines....now offering espresso to go....but central phoenix is inundated with great coffee shops, no reason to return to a just so-so one. I think it's the honey latte that's saved them in my book.
5	Great coffee and staff is pretty nice.  I have sat in Giant for hours on a few occasions trying to get work done and have always felt welcomed.  Anyone who says the coffee is over priced probably doesn't know what good coffee is.  It's not the best I've ever had, but it's pretty good:)
4	Giant is so wonderfully great. My two go-to drinks - the Pour Over and just good old fashioned shots of espresso (with the sparkling water chaser they give you!). The pour-over beans change with whatever awesome Four Barrel bean they've ordered that week - which is fine by me! I've tried the Rwanda, which is by far the best, the Colombia and the Guatemala. I have to enjoy the delicious 16 oz of heaven for a good 10-20 minutes. With an apple... with their biscotti... with nothing. Just try the Pour Over! Their espresso is smooth and tasty. The baristas are helpful, educational without being pretentious. Amen brothers & sisters!Now, I feel like I'm betraying Giant by only giving them 4 stars, because really they are one of the best in Arizona. But the iced toddy did not work for me. It's HOT in AZ... and if you're going to rock an iced toddy, it needs to be excellent. So I would say they should perhaps revisit their toddy beans or brewing method? Perhaps I just caught the drink on an off day. RUN to Giant Coffee!!
5	We read about Giant Coffee from Phoenix Magazine and I tried it on a whim. I was not disappointed. The honey vanilla latte in particular was very good, as was the cherry almond scone. Prices were good.
4	I've visited Giant Coffee many times, and I'm finally getting around to writing a review. I think my last experience pushed me over the edge to finally writing it. Whenever I'm in Phoenix and looking for coffee I usually head to Giant. Nothing against Lux or Lola just down the street, but Giant is more focused on their product. Giant has a standard of sourcing great coffee and using high quality product.On my last visit I ordered a cappuccino and it was nearly perfect. Warm, but not too hot. Smooth by still having a strong espresso dynamic. Perfect balance. Before I left I went up to the counter to order a cup of coffee to go. They have a great setup for to-go coffee. They brew great coffee in large quantities so that those who are on the go can get a great cup of coffee quickly. The barista was very sweet and informed me the coffee had been sitting for a while. She said it would be a few minutes and she would brew me a fresh pot. It was the middle of the week, and I think there were only two other people in the shop, who had already ordered drinks. How easily could she have served me that mediocre cup of coffee? Very. But this showed her integrity and pride in their coffee to brew a whole new batch just for me. It's the little things like that that impress me the most.I recommend this coffee shop for anyone in the downtown Phoenix area. Not to mention the cool sliding glass doors in front that they open up when the weather is nice. There's some comfy chairs and cook wooden tables to sit and enjoy the weather from.PS. The clothing boutique next door is also cool. I found a great hat there.
4	First of all, there is nothing wrong with this place. It's a state-of-the-art coffee shop that offers all the popular items at good prices. Go there and enjoy. Visit in conjunction with a trip to the Art Museum, Phoenix Little Theatre or the main library. Drop by after getting some Thai food on the corner. It's a nice place. . . . But . . .  :-)I had a few thoughts while enjoying an iced Americano today. The table that holds the sugar and cream and stirrers near the counter is some relic of a machine shop: an adjustable-height table of very heavy construction, with dials and massive casters and a requisite amount of patina. It looks splendid in its unpretentious way. It was designed and built and used for years as a genuine tool in an industrial surrounding. And in its prosaic and rugged simplicity it stands for something that nothing else in the place can claim. It's real, whereas the finished plywood on the walls, the welded girders under the tables, the exposed cinder blocks of the walls are merely "authentic".And as I sat pondering this today, slowly drinking my Americano (itself a relic of the sort of conundrum I was pondering) something occurred to me: Authenticity is to reality what margarine is to butter.Something that strives for authenticity is just as artificial (perhaps moreso) than things that just strive to be entertaining, or good-tasting, or intriguing in some way. There's no more "reality" in something that's synthetically and self-consciously "authentic" than in something like Taco Bell or Olive Garden. There is actually LESS reality in anything contrived to be "authentic" with even a small amount of self-consciousness.And so I recalled stuff from the late sixties and early seventies--when "authenticity" first seemed to ride a wave into the popular consciousness and everyone wanted to wear granny glasses and finish their own furniture. And I realized something:American culture has been a fraud for the last 40 years or so.Go and enjoy. This place leads to great thoughts.
4	The places I *haven't* reviewed always surprise me, because more often than not they are places I regular - in this case, Giant.  I've literally been coming here since it opened, I was there for the first year anniversary and literally countless days in between, yet I haven't given a Yelp review yet - weird!If Yelp had half stars, I'd give Giant 4.5, but all the slight nuances add up, and I don't feel right giving 5.The coffee bean:I'll start by saying Four Barrel is a great choice; I've always loved it, and probably always will - 4B is one of my favorite coffee shops in the world.  That said, I'd prefer something local was used.  The coffee has to be shipped here weekly, from San Francisco, which in turn makes for a mixed experience.  If you want beans, you have to deal with the dates they have available, which by the time it gets processed in SF, shipped, repackaged (at Giant) and put on the shelf, is at least a week old at this point.The shop:The shop itself is great.  I've been absolutely in love with the giant front windows that open up to let in the fresh air (when it's not a zillion degrees outside).  I love the lighting, mix of modern steel structure and vintage furniture.  Attached to Bunky, who, while on the expensive side, has some cool stuff.  The baristas are generally pretty great, with a choice few being extremely great.  Credit/debit purchases require $5+, which is slightly annoying if all you want is a small drink; I generally bring cash.  There's roughly 4 parking spots out front, countless parking across the street at CVS (literally a 15 second walk from here) and about 12-15 spots in the back - you enter either from the alley just east of 1st street [if you're by the library], or go between the gas station and the Thai restaurant [if you're entering from McDowell]).Drinks:The drink menu is great.  You can get timeless classics, or new-old twists.  This is one of two shops in the whole PHX area that does a pour-over right.  Espresso is pulled short and flavor-abound.  The drip flows constantly, and generally is re-made after it's sat too long.  I'm a straight up coffee person, so I stick to pour-over, drip or espresso, but the mocha is a delightful drink, with a good quality chocolate, home-made whipped creme and chocolate shavings on top.  Giant serves Straus dairy with their drinks, which is a plus in my book.  The beans rotate with Four Barrel's bean menu.  Like the other venues Matt Pool runs, expect no substitutions or special orders here (which shouldn't be a shock if you ever frequence Matt's Big Breakfast or Roosevelt).  I understand not serving a traditional machiatto or espresso to go, but there are some "rules" that could be stretched here to accommodate for the customer.Fare:I've mixed opinions of the fare at Giant.  It's nothing to do with taste and creativity - those are generally spot on.  Different things are generally whipped up, so you never get bored with the selection.  That said, in the past (and I think this baker is no longer working here), I've seen quick-bread that wasn't cooked throughout, which is one of the most disgusting things to stumble upon while eating something tasty.  Again, I've not experienced this or anything negative lately.All in all:Great shop, great tastes, friendly baristas.  A couple annoyances, but overall a good go-to.
4	I can't believe today was my first visit to Giant. I took my two girls (3 mos & 2 1/2 yrs ) to meet a friend this morning around 830. As many others have mentioned, the space is incredible. It's got this great organic, very rustic but still modern feel to it that's relaxing and inviting. I could sit here with my computer and work all day long, every day. I ordered a blackberry muffin and an iced honey vanilla latte. The muffin had great flavor but was a little dense for my liking (though still very good). The latte was delicious. It took every ounce of self-control not to suck it down in two minutes. Normally iced coffee is my thing, but I'll be dreaming of this on a daily basis, I'm sure. Prices were fair considering the high quality. It's a few miles from my house and not open late-late (when I like to head somewhere to get work done, after the hus is home and the kiddos in bed), which means I probably won't be visiting as often as I would love to. Though as soon as the weather cools down and they've opened those amazing doors, you can bet I'm dragging my family down here for a lazy morning.Well done, Matt!
4	Giant is a welcome change of pace. I have been here a couple times, and it is always good. The important part is the coffee. Not bad. They currently use beans from Four Barrel in SF, CA. They do a pretty good job. If you drink straight espresso shots, this will be a unique taste for you. It is very lightly roasted, with a strong citrus taste, NOT typical of espresso. In a latte or cappuccino, it is balanced by the sweetness of the milk.I have also had 4 different coffees there, as their line-up does change, based off availability. Don't go for the regular brew. Choose a pour-over instead.As far as the lobby goes. Again pros and cons. The seats are pretty much immoveable. So if you may have to move seats to accommodate your group. The wall has padded seats with outlets for your laptop needs.The benches in the middle are a little hard on the backside.However, get there when the front glass is open, and you have an amazing view of what the day can offer. The entire storefront opens up to reveal "the world".The other cool thing about Giant, or actually this building, is it is a shared space. Kinda like a business within a business, with a nice clothing shop inside (next door). Nice urban feel all around.
2	Toddy= yuck.Service= awful.Cash only= are you kidding me?I really REALLY want to like this place. It's only redeeming quality for me is that it's nice and open and has a modern and comfortable decor. I've been here three times, because like I said I REALLY want to like this place, but each time I was more disappointed than the time before. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me two more times, and I'm not coming back.
5	I love this place! The employees are always super nice and they have fantastic coffee drinks. The Mocha and Honey Vanilla Latte are my favs. Definitely a cool place to kick back and relax.
5	Recently discovered this place. It is somewhat hidden because it is located just south of McDowell. Stop in and check it out. They have delicious coffee and friendly service. The atmosphere is very relaxed. And they're pet friendly!!!
4	Giant Coffee has a nice atmosphere, friendly staff, decent cup of coffee.
5	Now that the barista from Lux is over at Giant Coffee I am even more in love with this place than before!  I had been frequenting Giant as much as possible and then one day walked in and saw Erik.  "What are you doing here" I asked.  Some sort of dispute with Lux has led to good news for Giant.  Now between my favorite pastries and coffee and barista I am one happy girl!
5	Love the tea here. I come quite often and suggest others do the same. :)
2	My experience here has been pretty bad. First time I went here I ordered a latte it was so weak that it just tasted like milk. The second time I thought I would just order another shot... I ordered a Vanilla Latte with an Extra shot, what I recieved was a regular latte which was weak again, when I asked for the vanilla I was told that it costs extra and so I said alright I thought thats what i paid for... Gave them an extra dollar for the vanilla and I ended up drinking what tasted like a Vanilla milk.Do yourself a favor and stick to Lola's, Cartel, and Lux. Places that have both atmosphere and knowledge of how to extract a perfect shot.
4	I feel like Giant Coffee is my "special treat" kind of place for when I need to pat myself on the back.  Kind of like when I decide to buy groceries at AJs.  Their prices are significantly more than what I pay for my "everyday" latte, but their product is exceptional!The iced honey vanilla latte is the best iced latte I have ever had and it tastes great every time.  To be honest, I don't think I have ever tried anything else here.  No need to! The atmosphere here is one of my favorites if I want to get some reading done - I feel like its less distracting than other coffee shops and has big windows that let in the beautiful natural sunlight.
4	Honey vanilla latte! Honey vanilla latte! Why am I cheer leading for coffee? Because the honey vanilla latte is freaking delicious! (And rather full of caffeine, apparently...)The staff is also incredibly friendly and helpful, and the clothing & accessory store in the adjacent space is fun to browse around in while you're waiting for a... oh, I don't know... honey vanilla latte?The only thing better than the honey vanilla latte was the stray kitten I found outside. I named him Giant. So, even if you don't like coffee, you might find something else awesome in/around this place. When I say that, I mean something like a cool ring next door or a tasty nosh.. I think the cat discovery was kind of an anomaly. Regardless, the vibes are all around pleasant, and Giant is worth checking out (even if you don't find a cat... which you may not want. In that case, I recommend a pastry.)
2	Looks great, nice central location, but that's about where the positive review ends.  My latte was okay but my boyfriend thought his (freshly brewed) coffee tasted awful.  Really bad.  And it took about ten minutes to make two coffees, one of them literally "a cup for coffee."  And why is the folksy music so LOUD?  It's not metal or punk, people.  It's sort of got that Portland hipster/cooler-than-thou vibe but NO BIKE RACK!   Really?
4	Giant Coffee really misleads their customers. The size of the coffee there is comparable to any other coffee house. "Normal Sized Coffee" might be more fitting.
5	I've been to Giant over a dozen times since my first review, and I'll proudly admit it's  hands down my favorite. coffee joint. ever.Quality and consistency are always spot on, ambience/music are killer, and the baristas are always so friendly. The Honey Vanilla Latte is where it's at, and the iced coffee is amazing as well. Sometimes it's hit or miss with the pastries, but as long as I'm sipping on that splendid latte I could care less. People, it's seriously so good.
4	If you can stop by and get some coffee on a beautiful afternoon please do so. The open air coffee shop serves top notch coffee, comfy chairs, and relax atmosphere.
4	Giant Coffee is my go-to coffeehouse in midtown Phoenix. I should explain: I live near the Heard Museum and in that part of town, if one wants a good cup of coffee, one has to travel south to Giant (half a mile) or north to Lux (a couple miles). Obviously, since Giant is closer to me, that's why it's my go-to place.It's close to where I live, is consistently great, and offers good coffee, excellent espresso drinks, and great pastries. Plus, there's ample bicycle parking (essential as I walk, bike, or take public transportation everywhere). If you feel like treating yourself, get the breakfast burrito (but be prepared to wait 15 minutes for it to be heated).My hesitation with Giant, however, is that it runs a bit on the expensive side. A 16 oz. coffee runs $2.25 and their tea runs at $3.75. (Refills on coffee are $0.50 and you can keep getting new hot water for your tea.) The various pastries and baked goods are between $3 and $4 and a cup of granola with yogurt is $6.Also, their music runs on the loud side. If you're here to talk to someone or have a meeting (which I often do), be prepared to talk a bit louder. I don't get why coffeehouses have to have such loud music. It's also hard when I try to listen to my own music since my headphones can't play music that loud.One of my favorite things about Giant, aside from the food and drinks, is that the west-facing windows are actually glass panels that open the restaurant out to the world. It's  great when the weather is absolutely divine here. In the mornings during the winter, however, one of the glass panels is open. It might be cold inside so bring a jacket just to be prepared.Giant is a great place that has a great vibe. It's an asset to the neighborhood. Even though it's on the pricier side of the indie-owned coffeehouses in central Phoenix, it's definitely worth it.
4	Great place. Love the atmosphere and open space. The music is always really chill and interesting. Baristas really know what they are doing and show it through the consistently good drinks that they serve. I love the half price pastries in the afternoon and sometimes I will get two or three to dip and enjoy with my coffee. Prices are a little high, but it seems justified.
4	Honey Vanilla Latte. Three beautiful words. There is a lot to love about Giant Coffee. The Honey Vanilla Latte is one of them. Creamy, sweet goodness.  I've tried replicating it on several occasions, but Giant's HVL is some sort of magical elixir of the creamiest of dairy (which I'm pretty sure is purchased from a local farm) and Bob McClendon's honey. Coffee and chai are delicious and the pastries are tasty. The ambiance is awesome and the staff is super friendly.On to my not-so-much list. On the food front, I've ordered the breakfast burrito two or three times but have never quite fallen for it.  The prosciutto and eggs had the potential to be killer but didn't QUITE make it to that "I want to eat you for every meal" level. My other disappointment is that I don't find hanging out in Giant to be very comfortable. I know that it sounds kind of weird, but the bar stools are kind of awkward to sit on and the chairs just aren't... comfy. They are also kind of strange about charging for extra things like honey. This just seems weird considering the fact that they aren't all that cheap. At Lux, the coffee bar is full of free ad-ins (including McClendon's honey) and I love that.So, Giant Coffee, I love you for your delicious coffee and chai concoctions but will  probably continue to spend my hanging out time elsewhere.
4	Compared to California, I'll declare Phoenix the coffee desert.  Drove 17 miles to the office on first day in Phoenix, scoping for some joe the whole way, nothing, and finally panicked with some Folger's flavor crystal stuff from a Circle K on Buckeye (but was better than expected).  At home, you can't spit on the sidewalk without landing in a Starbucks.Anyway, day 2, after extensive Yelp searching for something near I 10, I jumped off the freeway with gps-aid and gave Giant Coffee a try.  Mocha was one of the best I've had in a long time, I was thinking cane sugar instead of corn syrup, and I tried a breakfast burrito.  Not only was it better than the Circle K donut the day before, but probably one of the best I've ever had.  Then they open the glass wall to the street.. More awesome.Would have been 5 stars, but I waited 15 minutes for the burrito (they warned ahead), despite maybe 5 people there, more staff than customers at the time.  After the 15 minute wait, it was a little cold in the center (like it was frozen, but didn't taste like it).  15 minutes to nuke something?   Anyway, 4 stars despite that.
5	*UPDATE* This was originally a four star review (I deducted a star only because you have to pay an extra $0.50 to sub rice/soy milk in your latte!), but I had to change it.  I love Giant so very , very much.  The coffee is truly fantastic, the baristas are just great, and the ambiance is so perfect that I make a point of leaving my house half an hour early every Monday morning so that I can start my workweek out right - at Giant!Original review (after having visited only once):I can't not mention the iced honey latte, but a quick scroll through these reviews says everything that I need to say about it.  In a word:  Yum!The place is beautiful, the staff is nice, and I love the open air design and shared space concept.  Plus, they play good music and they play it loud.  :)
3	This highly trendy coffee bar is hidden somewhere between the Phoenix Public Library and Phx Art Museum.  The pastries are delicious, as they use high quality ingredients in their foods, but the coffee (I think) is only OK.  Overall, it's a nice cenpho locale, especially if you want a place to surf the 'net and listen to indie genre tunes, but it's way overpriced.  Guess you gotta pay to play with the popular kids.
3	Would have got a 4-stars / maybe 5 as the coffee is super tasty, but the staff is slow and think they are too cool for school. FYI -really, you're not... leave the cool bit to the architects who created the space or Matt for actually putting the concept together. This 3 star issue... when I arrived this last sat on a very slow morning... two people were working the bar:  I ordered 2 drinks, repeat 2 drinks... and it took him 15 minutes to make a iced chai and iced honey latte... reasons?! Not sure as there was no one in front of me or behind me. But there was a female draped on the outside counter talking to the male barista making my drinks talking about total bs. I'm watching this...thinking really?! I waited patiently, I'm thinking now he forgot?! ... So I asked him, are you still working on the drinks? ...as both baristas were just standing there... he told me one minute and then proceeded to finally place the drinks on the bar with major snark and patronized me by say "go go go". NOT COOL, "dude"!I get it, sometimes things happen to take longer or whatnot, so you make sure to be friendly to your customers, say thanks or possibly smile maybe?!?! Not the case here. 3 GIANT stars as i did not appreciate the "dude" with the slicked backed hair and his "tude" . So Matt, if you check your reviews... you should let your staff know (esp luke perry), that it's not cool to be rude and that most people don't appreciate it nor will they tip or come back for that matter.
1	Awful service today. They did fail to make the coffee the way I wanted, all I asked was for more ice, less water on my Ice Americano, to which he replied "We can't do that".... so I took off...and after this review, the manager or owner got in contact with me in my twitter account, I thought she was going to apologize for her staff for not wanted to make an ice espresso, but instead she blamed on me, for "abruptly leave the location" all i said, "I don't want anything else, I'll go somewhere else where they can serve my coffee" that was long enough for her barista to change his mind..And after the manager contacted me and make this about me, and not that her staff fail to make an ice espresso, and not apologize so I go back and make a better review, instead she accused me of being rude for leaving the place... Now I see where her staff gets that kind of service style.I STAY BEHIND MY FIRST REVIEW AWFUL, NO WORTH THE TRY.
2	I was told that this place was no longer cash only and that the service and toddy had gotten better. That person was right about 2 of those things.The guy and girl who were working on the morning I decided to give this place another shot were better than the other baristas I had encountered before, but they were so chatty with each other and with my friend I waited a good 4 or 5 mins just to tell them what I wanted to drink.  The service was a little bit better and I'm not above dishing out pleasantries, but Jesus H. Christ, can I order my drink please?!?! The girl was soooo talkative and loud, that the  mom in me wanted to shuuuuush her. I was finally able to order my drink after a good long while of listening to her talk about vintage aprons. I got the toddy and guess what? It was still freaking gross. Yuck. Yuck. Yuck. Still the same old weak watered down "coffee" I remember from well over a year ago.For the record, I probably wouldn't have voluntarily came back in here, but a friend wanted to take me out for coffee and this was his choice of venue. I wasn't impressed enough with the improvement to give them another star. But I will applaud their attempt at hiring better baristas and deciding to join the 21st century and getting a credit card reader.
3	I really want to like this place more than I do. Here are some of the pluses:Honey Vanilla Latte. Non-dairy milk choices. Cute little old-fashioned milk bottles. A napkin dispenser decorated with crossed flatware. Cute 20-something baristas. Lots of electrical outlets (especially along the south wall). Proximity to Bunky Boutique (actually, it's connected).Minuses: Cute 20-something baristas play their self-consciously cool music too loud. Parking in the back is limited and sketchy. But the biggest, baddest minus of all? This is a hangout for high school kids from some (seemingly) ultra artsy school. They come in around 2 EVERY DAY, strew their backpacks and shit all over the place, run around screeching and waving their hands, shout at each other across the room, and then leave sugar packets, paper and trash in their wake. Look, I'm no lightweight when it comes to teenagers. I'm a high school English teacher (come to think of it, maybe that's why I don't want to deal with this nonsense when I'm trying to relax after work or grade papers). These kids are LOUD AS SHIT and totally unaware that this is a public place. Perhaps it's the one wall that opens up to the outside that has them confused, so they don't know whether they should use their inside voices or outside voices? It's really dreadful in here in the afternoons. You'd think that the owner/proprietor (Matt Poole) would be willing/able to manage the situation, but ... no dice. Seriously. I have a policy of staying FAR away from this place on weekday afternoons. Too bad for me, and too bad for this place. I have a hunch that i have more disposable income than these precious snowflakes do, but this coffee shop is really more interested in being the Max. Have at it, Lisa Turtle.
4	I really enjoy the vibe inside Giant Coffee.Wide open, bright and airy space, with an attached boutique that is good for browsing before/after ordering coffee.I really enjoy the iced honey-vanilla latte. Great for someone who is not a fan of overly-strong coffee drinks. The baristas are always friendly and helpful.A great place to come and study. It seems the best place to hook up your laptop is on the south wall, where the cool space-agey desks are located. If you can get a seat there, you're in luck :)Fresh flowers at each of the tables, always a highlight!Parking is not an issue if you park across the street at CVS.My only complaint? Stay open a little later! Phoenix needs late-night coffee hangout spots!
1	Do not order large drinks here. They use the same amount of coffee in all sizes. Coffee is the most expensive part of an espresso drink, selling larger drinks with the same amount of coffee at premium prices is dishonest. I know of NO other shop that sells coffee in this manner, a large drink always means more coffee.One star until this policy changes.EDIT: Just physically removed from Roosevelt Tavern by the owner Matt Poole (same owner of Giant) because: "You are an asshole. You proved it by not fixing your Yelp! review for over two weeks. You are not welcome in any of my places ever again." I responded that this was actually the first time I'd ever spoken directly with him, he said I owed him a phone call and that I didn't know how social media worked. By leaving a bad review I was stealing food from his children's mouth. ?? Also the owner of Matt's Big Breakfast, keep this in mind when you're deciding where to spend your hard earned money.
4	First time here though I've been wanting to stop by since it first opened two years ago. A friend suggested that we meet here this morning and I was pleasantly surprised. I recently realized there is parking in back and there was plenty of room. I loved the inside!  We sat in front of the open window on super comfy chairs while enjoying a nice light breeze. This is the living room I would want if i could design my own place with a great tasting, strong Americano. I'll def be back. The atmosphere was super chill and modern.
4	Giant Coffee is what you would get if Apple decided to open a coffee house. It's pretty cool and fresh- sleek.  Fantastic coffee and super modern twists to the shop and presentation.  We stopped in to buy some pastries for a work thing and ended up sitting and having some coffee and hitting up Bunky Bourtique right next to it.  (this was all after having lunch at Thai Hut in the freestanding building right next to it.)  Everyone there was a loner, sitting with their apple computers checked in and super quiet, and then we- me and the gang walked in and it seemed like it was the most conversation the place had going on in a long time.  But no biggie. The coffee was strong, the pastries were sweet and we all went home happy.
5	This is the life and i might have just realized it's right before my eyes. After reading the negative reviews and a few salient 5 star reviews I can surmise this: This is NW west coffee done in the desert. Get used to it!I lived in Portland OR and was fueled by Stumptown coffee. Four Barrel is its little cousin, or are they sisters? Competitive brothers? Anyway, it is artisan coffee with emphasis on the process, product and passion. If we could just purge the syrups, fraps and button pressing espresso we would find the coffee gods smiling upon GC.Giant Coffee have beans, dark...flavorful...hard...b e a n s.    ... anyway, got lost there for a bit. Flag me.The only real difference between Giant and most NW roasters/cafes is the service. In NW, it is kind of lik this: "Uh you came here to get coffee, you should be lucky we are even making you this awesome espresso and allowing you to drink our art in a cup.... Andddd you still have not ordered. Know what you want before you speak to me."In Giant, " HEY! Lets talk about what you want to talk about, oh you are here for great tasting coffee? I thought we could Socratic method for about 30min?"I personally dont mind the friendly dispositions, it is refreshing to have a little playful banter with my coffee. Everybody is fighting their own battles, and someone saying have a great day after a single serving convo is worth paying 23cents more than going to Starbucks for a drip.This is the life and i might have just realized it's right before my eyes...yep.RLNOte: If the owner or manager doesn't respect the customer, that is always a no in the world of business. No matter where you go in the world, you can never escape douche bags costumers. Get used to it, and make it opportunity.
2	When I first went to Giant 2 years ago I would have gladly given it 4 stars.  My only complaints were that they took cash-only and parking is a challenge.  But the Honey Vanilla Latte was mind-blowing and worth the inconvenience.Fast forward two years and what a change.  The interior is still sleek and streamlined, they now take cards, parking is still a pain but the things that should REALLY matter quality of the product and customer service were practically non-existent.On my most recent visit I was the only person in line and yet it took 15 minutes to get two Honey Vanilla Lattes to go!  The barista that took my order was apparently too cool to take my order.  The one in charge of actually making my drink didn't want to interrupt her conversation about beating down a bike thief to actually bother making my drink.  Once I finally had my drinks in hand and hit the road, something tasted off with my latte.  There was a hint of an aftertaste, kind of like what you get with sugar free syrups.  All I could think was... "and I'm paying for this?"I'm a huge fan of supporting local business and two years ago I would have recommended Giant, but after the last few visits (and this most recent one in particular) I can't in good conscience say its worth the trip.
5	Great coffee shop...I am originally from Seattle and love a good cup of coffee.  Giant Coffee is a wonderful establishment with friendly service and excellent coffee.  Let me list the things I love about this place. 1. Attention to detail (Strauss milk)(high quality soy milk)2. Excellent barista's (Great customer service)3. Atmosphere (wonderful interior design)4. location (across from Phoenix Art MuseumGiant Coffee is a great place to just get away and relax or meet up with friends.  Parking has never been a problem for me and I usually get a spot right up front.  I don't understand why some posts claim to have a problem with the barista's customer service because they are really friendly and take the time to get to know you.  I have never in my life met barista's this nice and I have been to a lot of coffee shops in my time.  Also just last week I saw one of my favorite barista's at Giant Coffee come in on his day off to get coffee and he ended up spending a few hours talking to regulars he knew.  WOW, that says a lot.  Ya this place is no Starbucks thank god... and they don't write your name on your cup and throw it at you the second you decide to sit down.  Phoenicians let me give you some advice... A coffee shop is a magical place you go to get away from your hectic life so try and slow down a little and smell the espresso.  The people who have a problem with this place are just intimidated by its awesomeness and need to go back to whatever Starbucks hole they crawled out of.
2	Been a few times as it is on my commute.  Great looking space, but that is the best thing about this place.  Lousy service, not so friendly, slow.  Coffee is fine but not at the level of Luxe.  Want to like it but it aint happening.
4	Had an opportunity to swing in again on my last trip to Phoenix a week ago.   If anything, the mocha tasted better, and I had the breakfast burrito again.   Excellent.  Really need to work on getting the burrito out a little quicker though... maybe not make/wrap them in advance.
5	Giant Coffee is my favorite coffee shop in Phoenix. Do I need to write more? Well, every time I've been in the baristas/os are nice, helpful and generally classy individuals. The coffee is excellent, my favorite is the honey vanilla latte, but I've yet to be disappointed. The breakfast burritos take a little long, but are worth the wait if you're in the mood for a burrito and coffee combo. The setting is laid back, and one of the few places I can go read a book or catch up with a friend- it's surreal how well Giant works for both. The only downside is they close way to early (like 7 or 8).
3	SUPER ADORABLE! I love the look and feel of this place. Tons of windows with great seats and wifi access. Only two complaints are 1) parking was a terror! and 2) i paid $4.83 for a 16oz chai tea and the cup they gave me was 3/4 full.....and i didnt ask for room. Kinda bummed. I will be back though, maybe it was just that particular barista:) The service was great and did I mention, this place is SO CUTE!I loved that their self-serve station had milk in glass bottles, all natural syrups and honey AND natural sugar cubes (Not the processed kind that are hard as bullets!)
4	Their honey vanilla latte is awesome. They are a little slow (especially if you are swinging by on your way to work) but definitely worth the wait if you have the time. Tons of students and creatives chillin with their laptops and coffee... Great vibe!
4	Now this is my new favorite. I did not realize how much I like the real coffee cup. I used lots of paper cup before until they asked me that I would stay here for a bit longer. Since then I always asked for "stay here".
5	Woah, there's a review stating they only take cash (dude, I've only ever paid with credit cards) and that there's no parking, there's a freaking lot in the alley behind Giant that ALWAYS has parking. Also, it's right off the light rail, so walking isn't that big of a deal. This place is awesome because it IS walkable for those of us lucky enough to live in the downtown area and it's also awesome because they pull consistent shots, have cozy seating and amazing service. If you want a "skinny" drink, why not just--wait for it--not put sugar in your coffee? Also if you have a problem with the crowd, maybe you should just stay home and reassure yourself that you're a special butterfly that just happens to be misunderstood. Myself, I don't think that people who use Mac's are some sort of namby-pamby commies, seeing as how I use one myself like most people who work in my industry. Seriously, I like the relaxed crowd here compared to the loud, crowded buzz of Lux. Word to the wise, the pastries here are amazing and go half off after 3:00.
5	Good coffee, nice atmosphere. Pastries are great.
5	I see why this place has such good reviews.  I met a friend of mine that lives in Phoenix while driving through at this place.  Definitely a hipster gathering here, which is NOT my thing.  But the atmosphere was pretty cool, and the coffee was fantastic.  I'm not enough of a coffee fanatic to really understand the "organic San Fran derived chocolate syrup" or the "organic South Columbian Nicaruaguan Honduran etc coffee beans" lingo, but this place makes Starbucks look like McDonalds (which, in essence, it really is).  The music did kinda suck though - it was too eclectic and strange.
4	Great location and friendly staff. Would love to see more vegan and healthy options.
2	I like Giant's setup, I really do. It is really conducive to firing up the laptop and getting stuff done.I'm just not a huge fan of the espresso. I think I had a few batches that were overly roasted because in addition to being bolder than I prefer the espresso tasted a bit burnt. From reading the ratings maybe that's the new thing but it doesn't really float my boat.In addition, it always takes FOREVER to get my order. Made slowly with love, perhaps? That's all good and well but I've been late to work on more than one occasion as a result of  too much "love".I've found that Songbird is the best place to go for coffee on the way to work if you work downtown.
5	Fun place. Urban hip college student funky atmosphere. Really like the honey vanilla goat latte. Never had it and if you are cow dairy averse give a try. They use Square for payment.
5	Fantastic chef!
5	Best coffee place in phoenix. Their cappuccino is awesome. The baristas are artists and pleasant to talk to. The line is never really that long, and the shop is pleasant to chill in while you drink your cap. When it's nice out and they open the front of the shop it's amazing.
4	There is a new special place in my heart for Giant. It's a little industrial-meets-Seattle inside, and has good seating options whether you're looking for a private space to study or a couple chairs to chill with friends. Go when the weather is nice, and soak up the open air feel when they open the whole front of the place. There are floor-to-ceiling doors that were completely open when I went, and it was glorious.I got the honey vanilla latte with skim, and it was delicious, and it came with a little heart in the foam. Presh, right? The latte was good. I didn't get any food, but the quiche and pastries looked great...not quite $3.50 great, but I wouldn't know.Just know, before you venture here, this is a hipster coffee joint. You don't get to go in and call the shots (heh, pun), and you have to be okay with slower service and paying a bit more. You don't get to go here if you're in a bad mood because it will ruin it for you. If you're posting up all day to work or study, it's worth it.
4	I took my friend here while she was visiting (from Seattle) and we agree that it's great. This time I got an iced honey-vanilla latte, and it was delicious, again. She got an Americano, and the espresso was perfectly roasted and pulled. Our other friend got a soy latte and added Agave. I also got the salted carmel brownie and just about died because it was so good! These two things cost a little over $8, so don't expect a bargain!
2	S.L.O.W. service.It wasn't even busy when I went in. ONE person getting ONE drink ahead of me.I place my order for a large honey vanilla latte with soy. Wait almost ten minutes. They wrote soy on the cup.  The barrista spent plenty of extra time making the foam at the top look like a swan. If I was drinking it there, that would have been nice. I ordered it to go. It was getting a lid on it and going to my car. I don't need pretty. I need caffeine!He announced "honey vanilla latte." I added, "soy?" And he said, "no."He took the cup back, and started again.I went in for a quick latte to go - on my way to work.Total time - close to 20 minutes.Not Okay.That said - the latte was quite good. I may go back for another one. When I have lots of time to sit and sip and not care what the clock says.
4	I drove past this place a few weeks ago and knew that I had to come and try it. I'm glad I did! First off, the coffee was good. The goodies for sale looked pretty good too, but I abstained. The thing I like about this place though was particularly the coffee. Coffee is coffee pretty much everywhere you go. I liked this place because of the set up! It's got a fun, hip, trendy vibe. I like that the place is pretty open. The wall, I believe, retracts and it creates an interesting layout. The barista was nice, a little slow. My wife got a latte and it took awhile for it to be made. But hey, I'm glad we came here. The long dining hall-like tables are neato. It's a sweet little spot where you can just hang out for a little bit. The thing I didn't like about this place was parking. All the metered street parking was taken. I had to park in the CVS parking lot just across street (really just a few feet away), but I was worried my car would get towed.
4	Was getting car detailed down the street and needed somewhere to hang out for 4 hours and get work done.  Wasn't sure what to expect but they had free wifi which is all I really need.What I found was an excellent modern and open coffee shop.  The coffee was very good, the breakfast burrito was stellar.  Seating was varied and comfortable, although the tables for the seats along the wall seemed a bit high for computer use.Wifi worked well mostly, although there was one period of downtime (or maybe just too many users).Would highly recommend as a place to work, meet or just relax.
4	There are quite a few of great coffee shops in downtown Phoenix and I spend quite a bit of time trying them all out. Giant still stands as one of my favorites and one of the best Phoenix has to offer. I love their cookies! I recommend trying to stop in for happy hour if you get the chance! The staff and barista's are always friendly and they are also pretty knowledgeable about coffee as well.
3	I've had Giant bookmarked for awhile, and I finally came here on a cold, rainy Friday afternoon. I was immediately frustrated just trying to find the place. I don't frequent downtown all that much so I didn't realize that the building was set back from the road. The parking situation was also frustrating. I ended up parking in the tiny lot behind the building.I found the stadium seating of people on their laptops weird, like I was on display. The barista was like something out of a Portlandia sketch only more exaggerated. I bought a bag of Four Barrel coffee beans, and I felt insulted when he felt the need to warn me that they weren't flavored. I got the honey vanilla latte based on the Yelp recommendations, and it was fantastic! I'm now a big fan of Strauss milk. It did take awhile coming out. They definitely aren't in a rush at Giant. I won't be rushing back either.
5	I go here whenever I get the chance, a personal favorite as far as Phoenix coffee goes.  Their espresso is so smooth with a really clean aftertaste and doesn't leave that slight bitterness lingering in the back of your head towards the end of the drink (but maybe that's just me).  I always get the honey vanilla latte, you can't go wrong!Plus, the place has a great atmosphere, clean and bright with a small boutique next door.I'm actually a barista in Chandler, and a little ashamed to give Giant such a good review, but it's really that good!Go now!
5	My wife works close to down town and this is her favorite coffee shop, I can see why. Excellent drinks, friendly service, and a welcoming, comfortable hip atmosphere. The pour over coffee is great, the macchiatos are the best I had--I've been spoiled by the side of sparkling water that comes with the drink. Their iced drinks are excellent as well--they have a technique of making the iced drinks that makes the beverage ice cold and not watered down. Great flavor all around, consistently good product and consistently good service.
4	This is one of my go-to coffee shops when I'm looking to relax. The service is really excellent and everything I've ordered be it coffee, tea or pastry, has been really good. I especially love their tea service. Last time I was there, they recommended the white tea and they were right on the money. I've never had a parking issue but I purposely come at off-peak times. It is set a bit off the road but I think the 'hidden gem'-ness gives it even more charm.All that being said, I've had to stop having business meetings here due to the noise. It's a really cute place but noise carries horribly there and you can barely hear someone speaking to you from across the table.
3	Whoever bakes their goodies is a genius.  I suggest a bakery item over a coffee.
5	awesome atmosphere & great coffee!!!!
5	I was on a mission for pour over coffee, and thanks to Yelp- I found it! I would go out on a limb and say that Giant Coffee might make the BEST, yes, I said it... The BEST coffee in Phoenix. I am a true coffee snob, so I don't take my coffee lightly. Pour over coffee requires dedication, and time. A proper pour over could take 5 minutes (not great if you are in a hurry). Giant coffee offers a great range of coffees (I prefer Ethiopian), and is at a better price point than Cartels (which I would rate as a close 2nd in terms of coffee). Parking is limited. Ideally park across the cancer survivor park near the CVS.Space design: very cool ambiance! When the weather is nice, the retractable doors open up.
5	Great place, hipster feel. Right up my alley and close to home! Also there is a cute shop selling AZ merch!! Great coffee and excellent breakfast burrito!
4	This place is amazing. Get all your lattes hot - they actually make the designs on top! Honey vanilla latte is amazing. So good. Cool, hipster vibe. They also have deals (I forget exactly what the deal is, I apologize) on all their bakery items during the mid-afternoon; I ended up getting a delicious muffin for very cheap, I think just a couple bucks if I remember correctly!
5	One of the only places in Phoenix to get a pour over, and dang, it's good. Also a fan of their rotating iced teas in the summer. Don't pass up on the Jasmine iced tea. I've never gotten any grief after parking at the CVS. And the wifi is good, but don't expect any cell service. Also! They always have great music on.
5	Stopped in for a coffee a couple of weeks ago...have been back 7 out of 11 days. Where else do you get beautiful leaves and flowers made with milk foam on the top of your latte? And the food? Wow. Alway fresh, usually warm...I am not usually a fan of toast, but theirs is amazing. And I couldn't end without heaping praises on the staff: wonderful people.
5	Wooooohoooo!!! I have found a new coffee house!! This place is awesome!!First the only bad is the parking is super limited. You can park across the small street in front. It's a short walk away.Inside is great. The setup is nice with open tables. There is even a cool elevated seating area against the far wall. I especially like the seating area near the front window.The selection of coffee is on point! The honey vanilla latte and the pour over coffee is real good. Also I tried the first breakfast item on the chewed menu which was awesome!! Oven backed eggs with prosciutto and leaving toast. Great way to start the day. The service was great as well. Very polite and cool to converse with!! Also the have square system that's very convent. All in all a great coffee house to try and regular at!!!
5	I like to schedule meetings at Giant. It's is large with plenty of seating. The coffee is very good. I especially like the organic milk products they use - the yogurt with granola is amazing. I also love the honey vanilla latte. Only downside - music can get a bit loud at times.
4	I enjoyed coming here... very close to the library and I was still able to find a parking spot on the street.  I enjoyed a nice hot latte (yes, I know, in the middle of summer!) and one of their delicious homemade bread mini-loafs... ahhh.. now that I recall, it was sooo good.The clientele is hip, young, but not too young... lotsa laptops and some business suits... their comfy seats that they had facing the open area were nice and make you want to just sit there all day and do some light people watching.I would come here again.. more so to relax and enjoy coffee/pastry than to work.. yeah, just to relax.
5	Giant Coffee does not have the vibrant name expected of a premiere coffee shop like Lux or Cartel Coffee Lab. But don't let that deter you from going. I came to Phoenix for a one-week business trip and had the opportunity to sample coffee in the downtown Phoenix area. Most of the coffee shops were somewhat homogeneous, but Giant stood out as my favorite.Out of all the coffee shops I tried, Giant was the only one that served both espresso beverages and pourover coffee. Pourovers are extremely popular in LA but not so much in Phoenix. In Phoenix, the menus are typically limited to espresso variations (macchiato, cappucchino, mocha) prepared on a La Marzocco machine. Unlike what its name suggests, the coffee at Giant are not enormous like the counterparts found at Starbucks. The largest size served at Giant is 12oz. Giant sources its beans from Four Barrel and offers organic Strauss milk, products which are from the Bay Area in California. I appreciate Giant's attention to detail. Strauss barista milk specifically compatible for coffee is used. This milk is richer, sweeter, and creamier than the ordinary milk available at chain shops.Breakfast is one aspect that Giant Coffee fares better than LA coffee shops. Breakfast in LA is usually limited to simple pastries. However at Giant, oven baked eggs, proscuitto, and levian toast are available for $8. In LA, this type of food can be found at diners but not at boutique coffee shops. The difference is that at Giant, I could eat a delicious full breakfast AND sip on a cup of crafted coffee before work. At LA, I would have to choose one or the other. During my next visit to Phoenix, I will be sure to stop by at Giant. The environment was comfortable, the beverages were carefully-crafted with premium beans and milk, and prices were slightly lower than those at local coffee shops.
1	I treated a friend to a pour over coffee and a muffin this morning at Giant Coffee, I had an Americano and a bagel which came to $13.81. We had our coffee in in-house coffee cups and my Americano was just average. When I finished I decided I'd like a refill of regular coffee and, get this, because I didn't buy the less expensive regular coffee to begin with I was told since I had purchased an Americano and not a Regular coffee I'd have to pay full price for a refill rather than the 50 cent refill charge. She apologized and told me that it was the owners policy. This was my first and last visit to Giant Coffee.
5	Great coffee with those cute designs in the foam! I like the atmosphere here, it is very work oriented. A bit hipster but it has free wifi and these cool laptop tables. It's not too loud or annoying. This is my new fave!! Try the honey vanilla late. Prices are a bit high but worth it:)
1	I asked for an Americano with a small amount of dark chocolate -- shaved, pump, powder, I don't care -- whatever is easiest for you, although I was hoping they would pride themselves on having high quality, very dark, freshly shaved chocolate.  I was told they won't make it.  Not "can't" because they don't have chocolate, but "won't" because they know better than I what I should be drinking.And this from people who put honey in coffee.I will not be back.
3	The quiche is Very tasty, super light and fluffy! Wasn't too happy with the cold brew. Make sure to ask to try first... The staff wasn't willing to fix my drink or offer me a new one when I asked.
1	A great downtown location, an appropriately-sized setup in a beautiful building, a clean, modern aesthetic. Giant was obviously well-funded. That's about it for the positives. If you like bitter, overpriced, pre-sweetened (!!!) 'coffee' served by an obnoxious, barely-legal hipster sporting a cardigan in July, this place is for you.
4	This is a nice place to hang out downtown if you need to kill some time. I like to come here before work and have a cup of coffee. The coffee is hit or miss depending on the day. I believe its a brew of the day thing. The food is pricey and nothing gourmet, lets just say. I do like their vegan wraps. They are pretty simplistic, but pricey. I liked their breakfast burrito. The staff is nice and young. But let's just be clear, this place is not Starbucks so don't expect anything WOW.
2	This place is a bit hard to find in the dark if you've never been. I ended up at the library but it's down the street a bit, tucked off the main street. This place definitely caters to the 'hipster' crowd with a heavy dose of pretentiousness but I've come to expect that from more popular local coffee places. The interior is very modern (though not well-maintained). We came in right before closing so it wasn't busy at all but they still had plenty of baked items in the case. The barista that made our coffees was very nice when my mother asked what ristretto meant (how they make all their coffee drinks, as advertised on the menu) but the other barista seemed very aloof and non-engaging. My overpriced small mocha would have been a lot better if they didn't use dark chocolate but that's all they had. Is it more hip to use dark chocolate now? I'm a huge fan and frequenter of Dutch Bros. and if you can't compete flavour-wise with a drive-thru coffee place, it's probably time to re-evaluate.Seems like a good spot to hang out if you live in the area (and can find parking) but I would definitely not come back when there are better options in the same area.
3	I am relatively unimpressed. I came here to try the Four Barrel Coffees they were serving and did not enjoy them as much as I had hoped to. Over a few weeks I've managed to try all three offerings they have and the coffee is fresh and there's some complexity there but it just doesn't blow me away like some of the offerings from Cartel or Press. That said, I have yet to try their espresso based drinks so I'm not holding that against them. These guys do coffee better than most coffee shops but I would much rather support a local roaster with consistently better offerings. Also, why don't they expand beyond the V60 (or whatever other single serving manual pourover they use) to the chemex, clever, aeropress, etc. All in all, good coffee shop, great ambiance, probably great food, but when it comes to great coffee they come in 3rd place in AZ at best.
4	I used to come here pretty often, since my high school was just down the road, and despite the high prices and slow service, I still enjoy it.Now, I'm no coffee aficionado, so I won't claim to know anything about the quality of the drinks they serve, but they taste good to me. That being said, buying coffee from a hipster coffee shop in Central Phoenix is always relatively expensive, so set your expectations accordingly.It's also noteworthy that the service is remarkably slow, but I'm pretty sure it's intentional. I can't count the number of times I've waited impossibly long for them to toast my bagel and put some cream cheese in a little plastic cup, even when no one else is there. But at least they're consistent. Now that I expect a little wait, I don't mind sitting down, relaxing, and letting them take their time with my food. It's even kind of cathartic. The pastries and bagels and burritos are all good (not life-changing, but it's a coffee shop, so of course they have good pastries).The four stars are coming almost exclusively from the atmosphere. It's relaxed, comfortable, hipster-y, and sometimes I feel like I can maybe even get some work done... maybe. And if they need to take 10 minutes to toast my bagel, then that's fine too.
3	I had a work meeting recently & the employer wanted to meet here. I'd never been. The ambience is very very cool. The drinks were just ok. Cost a lot but wasn't totally tasty. Sounds like iced & sweet are the way to go here.
1	A friend that lives in the Downtown area wanted to meet here for coffee & chat. It's one of his fave spots. He reminded me over and over, "It's very hipster!"  Uhhh...Yeah, OK. Coffee was blah. Staff weren't all that friendly. Comfy chairs = Yes..but there's no reason to return.
2	Skip it. I spent $13 in here on coffee and breakfast and they wouldn't give me a free refill on drip coffee that they are supposed to charge $  .50 for. I don't carry any cash and the two baristas just looked at me like. Sooo sad. Nothing we can do. That is the problem with today's culture of profitability.
5	I love this place!
5	5 stars is based on one 2.5 hour visit so far, with a friend on a Sunday morning in January. Coffee, food, and atmosphere were excellent. My 16 oz. pour-over coffee ($3, Ethiopian, filled to the rim) was smooth and good enough to drink black, which I never do, though part-way through some bitterness showed through and  I added some half and half. (My favorite pour-over is probably Songbird.) Friend had an iced vanilla honey latte and had high praise for it. We both grabbed strawberry muffins ($3.50) and liked them; they were moist without being too much so. Atmosphere: very comfortable; it was easy to have a long conversation here; the floor to ceiling window has a nice, peaceful view. Clean; simple; modern. Wifi slows as it gets more crowded, which is to be expected. Parking is a hassle, but I'll be back.
3	The music is now too loud and annoying to get any work done in their. Also, because it's so loud, you get those annoying loud talkers ugh. Grabbing my coffee to go from now on.
1	Wow. THEE worst service. While I was there the following happened; 1) the 'baristas' who felt incredibly entitled failed to say 'welcome' or 'thank you' to the 6 customers who they helped. Apparently one was too hungover she actually rested her head on the espresso machine while getting an order. 2) Three times customers bussed their own tables only to be turned away by said entitled 'coffee artists' who simple looked at the dishes, pointed the individuals AWAY from her and said, "over there is where that goes" YOU WORK THERE, (maybe it's a work study program and they don't get paid? Because they certainly didn't care. 3) two sad men were at the counter, CLEARLY it was their first time there, the 'supremely non-plussed coffee divas' chose to instead chat about everything other then the customers who only wanted to help keep these ladies employed. And finally 4) my dish was on my table for a little over 30 mins, for all I know, it's still there. There are better places who take an investment in regulars and newbies.
4	Early afternoon coffee break, amazing calm smooth atmosphere with a honey vanilla and a mocha latte to match. Love this place. Right near central library, great place to relax! FYI don't go after 2:45pm when high school gets out. it gets crazy :0)
5	Stumbled upon this place while passing through town. What a little gem! Breakfast burrito was one of the best I've had. Takes 15 minutes to make, but I appreciate the care put into it and you can taste the difference -- they don't mess around. Love the open air feel when the window wall is opened.
4	They have toned down the music a bit, which is great so now I might start coming here more often. I am here pretty early though and the wifi seems to have gotten a bit slower, and it is less busy so that doesn't really make sense. The staff is still awesome and I tried the quiche goat cheese and veggie which was delicious.
5	I walked into Giant for the first time and the atmosphere was great. They have these window doors that slide open and expose you to the outside, which is very awesome because it was nice out. I noticed that they have an awesome layout and concrete floors. The ambiance is fantastic. The music was basically whatever I hear in all the cafes now and it wasn't too loud. They have parking around the back, self serve water and restrooms for customers too. Which is all great in Central Phoenix area. I like how simple the menu is on drinks. They don't dress it up, because lets face it, if the espresso isn't good then they would cover it up with lots of syrups and sauces for you and they'd offer them. You can tell this place WANTS you to taste the coffee. I appreciate that as I am all about that. The two people behind the counter greeted me with smiles before I even got to the front and one was displaying the food (I'm assuming she was the baker as it was a fresh quiche she brought out). The food looked very delicious. I ordered a slice and asked for water (where I found out that it was self serve) and asked for an espresso shot (one pull). It came with a soda water to cleanse my pallet and the girl who made it definitely weighed my shots and made sure that my espresso was perfect. She took her time to make sure it was up to her standards (I'd wait as long as it takes for a delicious cup of coffee over a high produced fast paced one). In about two minutes my drink was ready and I was able to enjoy it with my quiche (which she hand delivered both to me). The shots themselves had a great crema coloring and the viscosity was very nice. It was definitely a bit more citrusy than I was expecting, but all in all, it was great coffee. It wasn't sour, or bitter, or whatever have you and the service was fantastic. As I was sitting there I noticed that they knew lots of people's drinks, they joked around with the customers, and they have high standards for the espresso and food items they serve. I was blown away with the greatness of this place. I heard some stories that they were pretentious, but they weren't even close to that. I've been to several cafes just down the street that I'd say were flat out rude compared to these two young ladies that helped me today.If you gave it a shot a year ago and didn't like it, try it again. It's worth it, trust me.
5	Loved this place! I'm not from Phoenix, but while I was visiting, I asked a friend to take me to a cute coffee shop with good coffee and she brought me here! As soon as I walked into Giant, I loved everything about it, from the logo to the decor. All weekend long, I just wanted a GOOD cup of coffee, but because I was at a conference for work, all I had been getting was Starbucks and other watered down stuff. I decided to get a pour over and I felt like I was in heaven upon my first sip. If I was a local, I know that Giant would be my go to place. It seems like such a great place to come work/study from. My friend had some of their quiche and it was so good too! Being from LA, I'm used to paying $4-5 for a cup of coffee, so I was shocked at how reasonable the prices area.
4	Love the causal sleek feel of the place.  The goodies in the glass case looks delicious but I was so full.  Just need an ice tea!  The employees are super nice and friendly.
4	Classy joint. Great coffee however NOT conducive for laptop/work.  Very few outlets and the work tables they do have (WITH outlets) are uncomfortable/poorly designed.  Still, a hip, classy place on a beautiful/quiet street downtown.
5	Came into this coffee shop a couple days age and ordered a latte with baked eggs. LOVED it! Everything was delish and the place seemed very laid back. Great customer service. Will definitely return!
4	I've stopped in a few times over the past year and have always had good service.  The coffee is good, the selection of breakfast food covers both veggie and meat options and there has always been enough seating.This past Saturday morning while picking up a coffee and snack I remembered that I was out of coffee at home.  Instead of making another stop on my way home I just purchased a bag of their locally roasted coffee.  Not sure how old the coffee is, but I think that they need to make sure old coffee is replaced.  The beans were so dry that I might as well have bought Folgers.  I'll be back for drinks and snacks, but won't buy anymore beans.
1	Been going there for years. Just went this morning and got a wakeup call that the coffee shop is not for the customers anymore. They dont offer variety as they used to. I used to be ablr to get a 16oz v60 pour over of any coffee today it was only a 12oz with no option and only there "weekly choice" coffee.
5	Good job
4	The milk they use in their coffee is excellent! The coffee itself is better than most places and they have a pastry happy hour which keeps thongs cheap. Their breakfast burritos are ok but the prosciutto and egg dish is delicious. The really great part about this place is the ambiance. The wall opens up in the Spring and Fall seasons and there is a nice desert garden which helps you enjoy the weather.
4	Stopped in to try their honey vanilla latte which was AWESOME. Also enjoyed a blackberry lemon bundt cake which was fresh and perfectly iced. Parking was a little awkward but I am an awkward person so that's no surprise. I was excited to use my laptop and wifi with ease in one of their private back-to-the-wall laptop desks-not all coffee shops cater to my hibernation while I work on my computer. My only complaint was the interaction with some of the baristas. Without forgetting my schizophrenia meds or being overly paranoid, I felt like they were being weird and whispering about me, avoiding eye contact, forcing polite responses, and watching as I left, which made me feel uncomfortable. I left feeling like I had gone in with bird poop on my head that everyone was looking at but no one told me about (yes, I did check afterwards). BUUUTT....I suppose I should expect hipster girls to give everyone the "one-over" when visiting such a kewl coffee shop.
5	This is my favorite local coffee joint so far.  It's trendy and hipster without the smugness and elitism that the word "hipster" often connotates.  The atmosphere is comfortable and laid-back, and the stools around the room have handy outlets under them as well as footrests so you don't get uncomfortable dangling your feet while you work.  There's an afternoon happy hour where the pastries are half off, making them actually reasonable.  We tried a Blackberry Somethingorother and a Lemony Cakething.  Pretty sure that's not what they were called, but if the rest of the pastries are as delicious as the ones we sampled, it won't matter which ones you order.And yes, the Honey Vanilla Latte is the bomb.  Try it iced because it's way to hot to drink anything warm right now, you crazy native Phoenicians.
5	Good coffee. Good desserts. I like it.
3	Neat little place. The ladies working were very upbeat & friendly.  I ordered an iced honey latte & a lemon cherry scone.  Scone was as dry as could be & I could barely choke it down. The latte was pretty tasty, not as strong as I would of normally had but still a nice treat.  It was a funky little place that I'll probably be back again when I'm in the area, I'll just stick to the coffee drinks & avoid the pastries.
5	The honey vanilla latte is the best coffee I've ever had! Welcoming atmosphere as well. Try this latte though- so delicious.
4	Great coffee shop...relaxed, cool vibe with friendly service too!  I love when it is cool enough outside to keep the windows open.  I could get used to hanging out here!
3	I like the atmosphere of Giant Coffee a lot: high ceilings, an open and industrial decor, with soft cushioned benches along the walls and 2 long tables down the center of the room. Baristas were very friendly but not forcibly chatty, and my iced coffee was very good. Nice depth of flavor, low acidity, and no stale taste.I am only giving 3 stars, however, because of the price. It's no wonder the place is barely a quarter filled, even with the positives I listed above. More than $4 for a 16oz iced coffee that would cost at least a dollar less almost anywhere else. It's worth it, I suppose,  if you're going to stay and enjoy the WiFi and decor, and do some studying or something; but if you're just passing through, it's a bit of a steep price. I get that they're placing a premium on a product that is, admittedly, superior to most iced coffees in the area... but with competitors like Lux and Jobot close by, it seems a bit odd.The good news is that the other coffee drinks (lattes, cappuccinos, hot coffee) seem more regularly priced. I think I'll come back, but only if I have the time to stay and enjoy the place a bit.
4	I like this place because it's the only place I know of where you have a lot of options, both for the beans you want brewed, and the style of brew (pour over, red eye, etc.) using great coffee beans. They don't roast their own, which would probably increase my love. It's also a pretty cool atmosphere, if a bit stiff and pretentious. But isn't that kind of what you want/expect in a coffee house?
5	I love their Honey Vanilla Latte. It has made me put honey in my coffee every morning now. haha. I used to go there all the time and now, I just seem too busy. But if you are looking for a good place to get coffee that's not Starbucks, go here! I love the urban feel to it and the "hippiness" of it. Cool, laid back place. Don't forget to bring your Macbook. EVERY TIME I have been there, all the customers are on their Apple Computers.
4	I walked in and first noticed the spacing and style of the place. I liked it. I ordered the honey vanilla latte-less sweet and iced. It was great! The hint of honey was just right and not too sweet. Unfortunately I didn't have the friendliest barista when my order was taken...but she perked up when she have me my order. Hopefully next time I go, the person who takes my order will be a little nicer and more inviting. And gonna try a pastry!
4	Easily the best coffee in the Valley, brewing Four Barrel beans, which they'll also sell (although they're not cheap, they're worth it!).  The fragrance alone will convince you that you made the right choice.  They always feature a daily drip and tea and can make the gamut of coffee specialty drinks.  The place might not be quite as hip as some of the other CenPho coffee bars, but it's much more conducive to work.  The industrial, slightly sterile setting includes both high top tables and low top tables but only a couple of comfy armchairs.  Rotating wall art spices the spot up a bit.  Although I haven't sampled all of the food and pastry options, what I have had is no insult to its parent restaurant, Matt's Big Breakfast.  Overall, a great spot for a meeting, a few solo hours working, or to grab a quick breakfast or cup of [amazing] joe with a friend.
5	Great space, cool vibe and super ethics. Matts Big Breakfast's adorable cousin. And the coffee and noshes are top shelf.
4	Awesome coffee and pastries. I never have to wait too long and the service is usually great. A fun space to catch up with a friend or get some work done. Crawling with hipsters, but not in a bad way.Got 20 minutes? GET THE BURRITO. worth the wait.
5	Giant has the best pour overs I have ever had! Definitely a great place for coffee lovers!
4	I tried this place for the first time today. I got myself a bagel (which was perfectly toasted and warm when handed to me) and a 16oz Hot Vanilla Latte. The service was great. They were very friendly and patient with me even after I realised I may not have enough to get the bagel. The cashier recommend may I try their tarts (so that I could afford to eat at least). I really appreciated her suggestion but managed to find loose change to cover my total, about $8.66. The parking is limited but I did find available parking accros the street at CVS, which was not for CVS customers only (thank goodness). After trying my latte, I am please but there was not enough syrup for my liking. After reading more reviews and Yelp, I found that many people love their Honey Vanilla Latte. This just may give me that sweetness I like. So, I plan on stopping by again to give that Latte a try. As for now, I am a fan but I am not entirely in love with this place quite yet...To be continued...
3	There are about 10 parking spots in the back and street parking in the front. I like vibe there however, I wasn't too impressed with the Honey Vanilla Latte. I normally like my coffee strong enough to grow hair on my chest and sweet enough to give a normal person diabetes (aka - white chocolate mocha from Starbucks). I was excited to get a pastry but I saw a few flies making sweet sweet love to one and I had to pass. Anyway... I'd probably won't be going back since LUX is so close.
5	Wow. First time here. Amazing space. Great quiche and pumpkin bread with icing, black iced tea. All wonderful. Easily my new favorite coffee place!!!
5	So I drank one of their excellent Honey Vanilla Lattes and needed to use the bathroom, so I went over to the counter to ask for the key, since the bathroom is locked. Walked up to the urinal, finished my business, glanced down and it struck me at that moment that Giant is definitely my kind of coffee shop.
5	Honey Vanilla Latte was tasty, great atmosphere for coffee drinking, and free wifi. My whole experience was terrific and the breakfast burrito was perfect a nice crunch I loved it!!
5	Their service is not fast however, everything is done with craftsman like quality. There's a wide variety of breakfast treats from delicious quiches to homemade organic burritos. In the afternoon, they discount their baked goods in order to make room for the new ones. I love how they slide open the big front windows on a beautiful day and whether you're inside or outside you're enjoying it alfresco. They have a terrific selection of coffees and loose leaf teas. In fact, their teeth this is one of my favorite options. Service is friendly but again, don't go if you're looking for a very fast visit.
5	Cool place, stopped in and got an iced coffee. Standard pricing, awesome taste, and good atmosphere
5	Giant coffee definitely gives off the San Fransisco hipster vibe. I've been to four barrel, blue bottle, etc. and I feel like this place fits right in.  I'm not too familiar with the coffee shop vibes from Phoenix or AZ but this place feels like it belongs with the shops in familiar with back home in Nor Cal. I had the baked eggs and honey vanilla latte since yelp raved about it. The honey vanilla flavor is very faint which allows you to still taste the espresso. The baked eggs were spot on. My total price was $13 which is fair... To me. The store layout is nice. The bar is the focalpoint. And the entire front door/wall opens up! Very cool. I've read reviews about unfriendly staff but I had no experience with that. People have bad days sometimes... Give them a break. Overall I'd come back. Definitely. Food 5/5Atmosphere 5/5 Price 4/5
5	If you are looking for a good cup of coffee, look no further than Giant. Like many reviewers have said, the honey vanilla latte is an instant favorite for Giant coffee goers, but I have always enjoyed the classic black coffee they serve. You might say that the coffee beans have a giant flavor. The atmosphere is a mixture of modern and playful, and the baristas have always been friendly! I have never had problems with parking, which can be tricky with a few coffee shops in the uptown area. My only minute complaint would be their hours--if only they could open sooner and close later, then this working girl would be there all the time!
2	This place is uber hipster with great quality coffee but I have to give it marks off for charging $1 for breve milk in my latte and they don't use Straus Organic for the half/half. They used Ultra pasteurized Horizon which made the drink taste weak sauce. Why exactly are they charging the customer way too much for cheaper quality milk?? Any coffee lover knows if you're not having straight espresso, the milk/dairy is a huge part of the experience.... Needless to say, the barista wasn't willing to fix my drink when I showed my displeasure in. Going to think twice the next time I choose a place and willing to pay $5 for a latte.
