3	My brother and I always come here when we fly out after visiting the family at Christmas.It's our little tradition, getting shots of Agavero and nachos before we head back to our own ends of the country.  If you are looking for a shot of something at Charlotte Douglas, this is a decent place for good tequila.
3	The appeal of this place is their name.  When you're coming off from a long flight and have some time to kill during your layover, you know that this place is gonna serve alcohol.  Unfortunately, since I was traveling on Army orders to a class, and would have to take a physical fitness test in a few days, I had to hold back from the liquor.  It was crowded in there, but the bartender greeted us immediately and invited us to sit there. Had it not been so close to the walkway/entrance, we might have taken him up on the offer since it was right in front of the TV that was playing the basketball game.  Luckily, we found a table more toward the inside of the restaurant so we could get some personal space.  My buddy and I both ordered the enchiladas.  I was ok with the plastic utensils, but when the food tasted like cafeteria style quality, I felt it was way overpriced, even considering it being in an airport.  The black beans and rice were just ok.  Next time, I'll just come here for the drinks when I want to get smashed for my next flight.
2	I had high hopes for this place since it seemed a little different than the typical airport fare. Turns out I was wrong. Although I applaud them for trying something a little different, my $8 mexican chicken sandwich (torta) had no flavor or seasoning. The bread was decent, but that's about it.
2	Charlotte being my home airport, I'm typically not eating at the airport when coming or going. However, I was in Washington DC and flew through CLT to visit Fort Lauderdale and with a two-hour layover here, I thought I would give it a try. You can't miss it, located at the top of the C concourse (inside the secure area).The food is fair-to-good, considering that it's in an airport where they will have limited use of certain implements (like knives and such) that will handicap their cooking abilities. I went with a simple quesadilla - two flour tortilla's with spicy cheese and chicken, grilled into a sandwich sort-of thing. It arrived with small bowls of sour cream, guacamole and salsa. It seemed that the guacamole and the salsa had been prepared elsewhere as they were not as flavorful or fresh as I have had elsewhere.I opted for a margarita on the rocks, which arrived in a very pretty shaker with plenty of salt on the rim of the glass. The drinks menu cleverly does not have prices, so I was a little surprised that a regular (not top shelf) drink was $8, though there was enough in there for two. Not very strong.After eating, I stayed at my table for another hour waiting for my flight. I had to call over the waitress to clear my dishes, after which I brought out the laptop and signed on to CLT's free wi-fi network. It was quieter than the rest of the airport waiting areas, though the TV's were tuned into some sports event.For airport food, it is certainly different than the run-of-the-mill Chili's or Burger King nearby. If you have the time, make this place your stop.
5	Great tamales!
3	Ok.  The rice and beans tastes just like my mama's.  Excellent.The quesedilla was questionable.  Too much cheese and grease I think.The price.  Let's just say it was more than I expected.   Mas caro!
1	Being delayed in any airport sucks. Being stuck in the Charlotte, NC airport? Downright torturous. They have zero decent food options. Unless you like fried, greasy, flavorless  processed "food."  Between Bojangles Chicken and Biscuits and the Nascar Cafe, the pickings are slim. I thought going to Jose Cuervo Tequileria would be a safe bet. Not that I thought a mediocre at best Tequila brand could provide good "Mexican" food, but I figured I could at least order a salad or munch on some nachos and get a decent margarita. All three of which they managed to completely butcher. The "margarita" tasted more like overly sweet, melted freeze pop and they serve you the shaker as if you'd want more. Not sure why they even bother carding, my margarita barely had tequila fumes.
4	For airport food this place gets four, count 'em four, quatro stars. All day long.Pricey? Maybe a bit but not bad for good airport food.Super-friendly bartender? Yep, he has been working there for many years. Good food? Yes. Much better than the standard fair usually found in terminals.Oh yeah, great margarita and you get to keep the shaker! LOL
1	I realize i shouldn't expect much from an airport bar but I was craving a margarita.  The most attention I received from the bartender, although I was waving my hands and calling out for my server, was the heavy handed encouragement to order the "top-shelf" Margarita.   I stupidly fell for it, only later to realize, my plane ticket was comparable in price. I finally ordered my food from a different bartender and then had the long wait for my bill... Good thing i wasn't trying to catch a plane.  ahh wait...
4	This bar has friendly service, good but slightly-overpriced tequila, and a good mix of usual and unusual mixed drinks.  It also has lots of seating, plenty of bar space, and just-dark-enough ambiance.
4	This place was a delicious surprise! The breakfast Poblano Peppers and Eggs was out of control!! If I have flights transferring through CLT, I will definitely do my best to get there before 11am.
3	The two tacos plate was surprisingly decent-tasting; the meat (one barbacoa, one carnitas) was plentiful and seemed to be of good quality. The unimpressive side of guacomole for $1.95 was probably not worth it. Fast and attentive service. All in all, not bad for airport food.
3	Tequileria in Charlotte International Airport was a lively Mexican establishment. The airport party stop for alcoholic drinks and fun foods. Breakfast, lunch, dinner and everything in-between.I tried to enjoy cranberry juice and hasbrown casserole for breakfast. It was a good, but very light. Also, shredded iceberg and salsa with my morning meal was too weird to actually be acceptable. The culture shock was unreal.
1	avg price and what not for an airporthowever if you spend 7 minutes to place an order to make sure you don't get gluten you better not give the woman gluten.  And so I spent the night holding hair as she lost those flour tortillias.  They did offer to comp the meal but if you have an allergy that doesn't cut it
1	A Mexican restaurant serving breakfast!!!!Cold potato, cold bacon, tasteless scrambled eggs and salad.Oh and the worst luke warm stale coffee.Maybe the fare is better for later meals but give breakfast a miss
3	Trouble flying?  How about a little tequila to get you going?  Assuming you are not the pilot, there really should not be a problem.Airline food has changed quite a bit - from essentially no food on the first flights, where most people were probably rather amazed to be flying at all, to rather decent food being served for the locale, then to cardboard variations that most would be hard-pressed to call food at all, now to almost no food unless you pay for it.So these days, you will probably want to fill up before you get on the plane.  As such, you may want to make a decent choice, and this is not a bad selection - in the morning you do not have a lot of options, and when it comes to sitting down, there are even fewer.It would be better if the service improved, and the prices were not as bad as they are, but you are in an airport.  That said, the selection is decent, if not outstanding, and the food is okay.  Just remember the tequila.
4	Quick, clean, friendly staff. For a quick bite or a sip of tequila be4 a flight, hits the spot.
1	OK let's establish right off the bat that this is a bar/restaurant  INSIDE AN AIRPORT. Still, is it too hard to pleasantly greet a customer when they come in or at least point them to an empty table in this hellhole of an establishment? I've been here twice and like all airport restaurants, the upsell starts as soon as my rear end hits the seat. Do I look like a guy who needs a drink at 9:45am? No, I don't want the keg-sized beer.  And no, I don't want a shot of tequila (for just $2 more!) with my beer.Food is just ok...sort of a faux-Mex. But the rudeness is what kills this place. The only ones even remotely pleasant are the bartenders, who are constantly trying to push the gigunda-sized beer...and the shot of tequila....
3	I've been connecting in Charlotte for years now, and this was the first time I ate at Tequileria.  I always thought they were more of a bar than a place to get real Mexican food.  However, I noticed they had some authentic looking items on the menu, like tamales, carnitas, and enchilada suiza.  I ordered the jicama salad and had shrimp added.  It was quite good, and I've never seen such large chunks of jicama in my dish before!  There were jicama bricks in there!  Still, I managed to slice them and eat them during my long layover, and I was quite pleased.  Other items in the salad were shredded lettuce, tomatoes and large pieces of cucumber and 8 medium sized shrimp.  I would go back now and try something more hearty now that the salad was up to par.
2	Stopped here during our lay-over to FL.  I was craving some booze (goes great with Dramamine, you know) after a bumpy landing and thought a margarita would hit the spot.I pretty much dislike all things Cuervo and, unfortunately, almost the entire tequila menu was varying forms of Cuervo.  I sucked it up and just dealt with it like a good traveling princess should.  The margarita was okay but nothing special.  The lady had a glass of wine and we split chips and salsa.  We waited around for the waiter to take note we'd finished for probably 10 minutes.  Not a huge deal normally, but when your patrons run the risk of missing flights, service should come before joking around with your co-workers.  The total bill was around $30.. ouch!  Yes I know, I know... it's the airport.  It's supposed to be over-priced, but considering the lack of service and poor tequila selection (at a place that has "tequila" in the name no less) I was pretty well disappointed.
2	Mediocre food, nothing but Cuervo, bleh. We came in needing some solid food and were sorely disappointed that they didn't even serve booze until 7am. At an airport?! Heresy. The breakfast was gross, to boot.
2	Chilli's quality.
4	Had a long stopover at the Charlotte airport and decided to give Tequileria a try - I've seen them in many airports before and was wondering what the experience will be.Somehow in my mind I was expecting the experience similar to Vino Volo, only with tequila tasting flights instead of wine. That was not the case - this is a regular Mexican restaurant with slightly extended tequila list, mostly Jose Cuervo ( I ended up drinking Corona).Food was good - had chicken gumbo soup and chimichurri burger. I would've like more chimichurri sauce on my burger, but that would be the only complaint. Little side of chopped jalapeno/tomato/sweet onion mix was outright delicious (had to ask for a second).Service was prompt and friendly.Recommended.
3	Not bad for an airport. The drinks are a tad overpriced but my food was good - I had the chicken verde enchiladas. They came out quick. I cleaned up the plate. Service was fine and the music was good too although a bit loud (salsa, merengue, cumbia, bachata), but I thought it was weird that there were no Mexicans on staff.
5	I disagree with the dated critical reviews others have written on this restaurant.  My husband, friends and I recently visited this restaurant on a Sunday afternoon before our flight.  The restaurant was clean and uncrowded.  The house margaritas we ordered were delicious, generously sized, served in shakers, and left us all delightfully buzzed so we could better tolerate the oppressive coach seating  on our transcontinental flight.  The waitress informed us the restaurant only pours Cuervo because the company that owns Jose Cuervo also owns the restaurant. Everyone in our group commented on how much they enjoyed their food.  My husband loved the crab cakes he was served.  The carnitas quesadilla I ordered was incredibly good.Each person in our group was pleasantly surprised with the superior quality of the food and drink we were served. Such high caliber and tasty offerings are a welcome relief from the bland fare usually served at most airport restaurants. I look forward to visiting this restaurant again the next time I travel to Charlotte. .
2	Food is average & service marginally better. Beer is cold - primary redeeming factor. In summation, were this place competing outside of an airport - captive audience - it would never survive.
2	Good margarita, but left due to the awful (really awful), music.
1	Looks promising on the outside, and the food looks appetizing but BEWARE - they are SLOW as molasses.We sat down around 1pm thinking we could easily eat a meal before our flight at 2pm. The food hit the table at 10 minute to 2pm. We had to shovel it into take out containers and run to the terminal. You would think that an airport restaurant would understand time constraints... The food was okay, nothing spectacular - but not bad. The veggies & fruits were fresh. The nachos were nothing to write home about. As mentioned by others, the music is horrendous.
1	Awful! I stopped here during my layover in Phoenix and I was higly dissapointed. I love mexican food but this was disgusting. I ordered the steak tacos; the steak had an almost burnt taste to it with absolutely no seasoning. The entree came with black beans and mexican rice, they were both also VERY bland. The service also was pretty bad; my waitress was very slow. I sat there for 15min before she even asked me if I wanted a drink. I definately don't recommend this restaurant.
2	Margaritas are served quickly and are pretty tasty. I thought the service at the bar was pretty decent too. However, the food...not so good. I got the chicken enchiladas and the chicken was rubbery. I would stop by again but would only indulge in the margaritas and grab lunch somewhere else.
2	Can I have more steak with this Fat!? Geez! It was a tiny steak with more fat and it will run you 16+ rip off never again.Only good thing is the TVs with ESPN!
3	Holy Crap 14 bucks for a Mimosa?!? Breakfast at the Mexican place sounded way better than a greasy biscuit sandwich or Chili's.  I'm pretty sure everything was precooked but chorizo and eggs was halfway decent, they have Cholula sauce, and the mimosa is Korbel not crappy Cooks or something like that.  But those were yesterday's nasty dried up tortillas. Yuck. The server was super friendly and just-right attentive.  And let's not forget that I'm in the airport, so this gets a 3-star pass.
4	Big Space, Fast Service and AMAZING House Margarita with a souvenir shaker. Loud place but better than eating a burger good food. I like the tacos and felt the quality of food was good. But the perfect place for a margarita keep in mind this is a place for Tequila so not a huge beer selection but the perfect place to stop by for lunch or dinner if you find yourself with a layover.
3	This is a new restaurant that's located where the Cheers used to be in the Charlotte airport. This is okay, nothing special. If you're in a hurry, it'll do -- hey, it's an airport. On my way from Asheville to Phoenix I snagged a chair at the bar where the bartender proceeded to recommend the most expensive thing on the menu. I, instead, ordered what the heck I wanted. Lots of TVs and a long bar, and just remember -- you're in an airport...
3	I usually really enjoy their margaritas and limited menu but I tried the skirt steak this time.  I would avoid the skirt steak at all costs. It's the second worst airport steak I have ever encountered. Over cooked, fatty, and I was unable to cut with a knife. I will stick with the chicken next time. Great location (between C and D) and quick service.
2	Okay so you are in the mood for some great Mexican food.  You want to head out to Charlotte International Airport and give this place a try.  Right?Of course not. The reason you are eating here is because your flight was cancelled and suddenly you have five hours to kill at CLT airport.  That's why I ate here last Friday night, and that's the only reason anybody eats here.  The place is full of tired, grouchy travelers, with their luggage stacked all over the floor and on the seats, and all that anybody just wants is to get the hell out of that airport and go home. It's depressing.   Don't try to compare this place to a good local Mexican place in your own neighborhood.Anyhow -- I ordered chicken enchiladas, which were revolting. They tasted like fish, not chicken, and they were swimming in a watery green sauce.  The refried beans were like wallpaper paste.  I ordered a draft beer, which tasted slightly suspicious.  The water does taste a little funny here.  The lady next to me ordered a shockingly expensive premium margarita that seemed to be mostly water.  You can't get out the door for much less than $20 per person.  In other words, it's about what you'd expect.To his credit, my waiter was working hard and trying to make the best of a bad situation.  I wouldn't want his job.Whatever.  At least I got home eventually.  The food here may be terrible, the prices high, and the atmosphere depressing. But I'm sure I'll be back some day and so will you.  The good news is that CLT has free wifi, so at least you are able to check the YELP reviews and know what you are getting into.
3	I ordered a salad to go, and took it on the plane with me. It was decent, what you would expect for airport food, and the price was extremely high...which....well, again, it's airport food.
1	Had the Chimichurri burger. Got a lot more bread than burger. Not worth the $12 price tag.
1	Do I have to give it a star?  Awful in every way you fear an airport restaurant will be. Quasi-cheese seems to be the primary ingredient in the food. The drinks are watery. The service is indifferent.
1	$33 for two crumbly soft tacos filled with rice and beans, a tablespoon of guacamole, and a Jose cuervo margarita. If you ever go to a tequileria that only serves Jose Cuervo, just get up and leave. The rest of the menu is probably awful too.
4	We had a large chicken quesadilla. It's hard to mess up a quesadilla, but this thing was delicious for being "fast food." It was $8 and two of us ate a tasty meal...not bad for fast airport food!
1	Don't, just don't.Warmed over (barely) and stale Mexican fare at astonishingly high prices, with a side of horrible service.I've walked past this restaurant on trips between concourses C and D in the Charlotte Douglas Airport and thought, "next time." Now I've stopped there and will now think, "never again."Expectations for airport restaurants are pretty low; Tequileria lowers the bar another notch.
3	I was initially ECSTATIC when I stepped foot into this place while waiting on a friend to arrive at the airport (CLT) and head to our gate for our flight out to Miami.What catch my attention was the large Fiji bottle water on each table (Fiji is one of my top 3 FAV waters), besides the waters the menu had Salmon quesadilla listed and me being a pescatarian I was so excited. Typically, restaurants of this genre only have chicken, beef and port because they are cheap and quick but to see that they had salmon as an option I was in Heaven.The MAJOR caveat to this place is that it's seat yourself and a server will be with you soon. I sat for about 10 minutes with servers just walking pass and taking care of the tables around me. I approached one server by the name of Katrina to inquire of the process and confirm that someone is assigned my table. I immediately ask if I should move to another table and she stated "No, your server will be right over".Another 5 minutes has passed and this server name Jonathan looked at me in passing and asked "Has Katrina been with you yet" and I replied "No, she stated that someone would be with me" Jonathan proceeded to apologize and took my order immediately with a look on his face as if he was going to have a word with Katrina which I think he did in the kitchen as she came back out more RUDE and FOUL FACED looking than she already was prior.Overall: KATRINA SUCKS she is RUDE and the WORST server EVERThe Salmon Quesadillas were awesome (I had them to HOLD the cream cheese), the top shelf Margarita was perfect and my Fiji made it's way to Miami with me via plane ; - )Last but not least Jonathan ROCKS as he stepped up to the plate and didn't push blame off on someone else he is the reason along with my food and drink that I am giving this place 3 stars.
1	Quick To-go service is not so "Pronto."  Tequileria is located right in the center of all concourses at Charlotte Airport while you are crossing over gates to catch your next flight, you will not miss it in the corner.Had the Jicama Salad that sounded SOOoooOOOoo very good in the description, I had to have it to-go on my flight home.Firstly, the salad took forever...Almost twenty minutes in the "Quick To-Go" area dubbed as "Pronto" service.  The only thing that I asked for extra is for them to add grilled chicken to the salad.  Once I got to the gate, I was expecting this crisp and refreshing Jicama and nice luscious lettuce blend with some tomatoes and cheese.  But instead, I found myself some shredded iceberg lettuce that looks like its used to top their tacos and several strips of Jicama and some diced tomatoes and shredded cheese.  That is it!  So very bland and the chicken was paper thin to say the very least.  BleAahhHHh...  On top of that, I got to my gate and realized there wasn't even dressing in the bag...so I sucked it up and just ate it because I already bought it and was hungry and there was no turning back to get dressing (which in the description, it was tossed in).  Uhhh...Never again...BLeaHhHhh...
3	Despite extravagant airport prices, the beer is good and so is the food. There are few places you can find Negra Modelo on tap, and this is one of them. Also had the nachos. They were okay. Too much salsa made too many of the chips soggy, but...it's nachos. Sposed to be a mess.
3	Great for first thing in the morning beer while you wait for your flight.  I didn't have any food but enjoyed the ambiance and the conversation with other patrons and bar tender
4	Awesome margaritas...pricey but they deliver with a good drink.  We tried 1800 on rocks, as well as the mango and banana frozen. Good sized and tasty.  Food was good...tried enchiladas verde, quesadillas & tequila lime chicken.  Good spot to grab a quick preflight drink & bite to eat.
1	I get that restaurants don't have to post drink prices, but to charge $15 for a tiny, weak, insipid margarita was a bit over the top. My lunch was interesting, though not really Mexican. My chicken tasted like it had a sweet barbecue sauce on it. Service was okay. I was glad my waitress didn't ask me how my meal was after I watched her uncomfortable reaction to another customer's dislike of his meal. She tried to find something he liked to talk about, while offering no discount.  There are some really good eateries in CLT. This isn't one of them.
3	I liked the food here.  Got some enchiladas with a side of margarita.  Nothing really good or bad to report.  Service was fine.
3	I ordered the fruit plate or "Plato de Frutas" and it was small and had few slices of fruit. Not worth what the price. The floor had a lot of trash and I don't know if it is always like this or maybe just because it is like 9:30 PM  but it was not so clean. The waitress was average and did not hear us asking for the bill until the 4th time. Other food was just ok. Nothing above average.
5	BREAKFAST:  I ordered steak & eggs at the waiter's recommendation and it was delicious. The steak was tender and flavorful but not over bearing.  The server was helpful, friendly and prompt.  I asked for honey for my coffee and he delivered it quickly. Much to my surprise they serve my favorite coffee, Douwe Egberts!!  I took a cup to go.  I recommend this restaurant and I will patronize them again based on this great experience.
3	Margarita was tasty. Food was decent, but seriously, who doesn't double stack their corn tortillas for tacos?!? A single corn tortilla has zero structural integrity, so I'm left forking my taco (Lame pun intended).
2	I would have given it one star, but when the food finally came it wasn't half bad.Is it just me, or if you were running a place in an airport, wouldn't you manage toward the fact that some if not all of your customers might have to catch a plane?  I guess that they assume everybody's flight is delayed and is grateful for the chance to kill time.  Not that the many TVs are well managed.  When there are a bunch of games on, why are almost all of them tuned to Florida-FSU?  You are in Charlotte for crying out loud.The bad service contributes to the sketchy atmosphere.
3	Don't go here if you're in a hurry.  But if you have time and none of the other mediocre restaurants in the food court here pique your interest....   The food is fine, but not amazing.  I had been excited for the Asian Chicken Salad at CPK (which I look forward to at this airport, for some reason), but they don't make it anymore.  I ended up here, but should have skipped it.
1	I wish I went to big daddy's or Brooklyn farms during my layover. Food was horrible but at least the service  was good. We had the tacos and crab cakes per the recommendation of our server. Don't have the crab cakes!
1	Wow. Horrible counter staff. Rude, unhelpful, just awful. Why can't Rick Bayless have more outlets. This is bad.
1	Do good airport restaurants actually exist? I feel like it's a ruse to have outfittings like this. There is a strange feeling of solice despite it being packed. Every patron is sitting at a two chaired table by themselves and knows they are getting shafted with this meal. Prices are extremely high, service is a joke, and the food quality is meh.Fast food has managed to figure out airports to an acceptable level. These mini restaurants have advantage of operating in this cage of hungry travelers and managed to create a minimally viable service.
2	I mean, they tried. I think. With tasteless guacamole, wimpy fish tacos and a watery gin & tonic (sorry, not a margarita gal), the $25+ bill for this sad display was laughable but perfectly typical of an overpriced, underwhelming airport meal. Throw in some gruff service and my three time request for water, and I was happy to get out of there and hop on my connecting flight back to Connecticut. If I have another future layover in the Charlotte airport, I'll stick to fast food. At least then I know what to expect.
1	Service!  Where us the service! I have been here for 15 minutes without so much as a glass of water. You shouldn't tell people "oh just sit anywhere" and forget about them. It doesn't matter how your food taste if no one ever gets to order. I just watch three customers walk out and I'm right behind them...
2	Why? Why do I do it? Probably because I just got off a six hour flight and when presented with a giant sign for a "Tequileria" my brain got the veto from my nerves. While I don't necessarily regret it, I ordered a house rocks margarita a and was presented with a martini glass full, plus an extra shaker. Somehow I knew this little extra on the side was not a great value, but was going to set me back. ($13.50, to be exact). It did, however hit the spot. The food however? I deeply regret. Dollar taco quality. I have absolutely no qualms spending $12 on a couple of tacos, but they'd better be the kind of tacos I want to rave about. These just motivated me to write a two star review even before I board my plane. Iceberg lettuce, ingredients that taste fresh from the can, and flimsy tortillas that rival only the packing material they use between dinner plates.Consider this a public service announcement. I'd feel guilty if I didn't at the very least try to help people avoid this place - no amount of stress or hunger is worth it. Seriously - I'd rather you grab a Cinnabon.
1	Food sucks, service sucks... The only thing this place got right was the decoration. I am mexican and I can tell you all the food this place serves is frozen and then re-cooked. Everything on the menu that has the word "tortilla" on it, is completely dreadful. I don't have connections in Charlotte too often but I promise you all one thing: I'm never eating in this place again, and neither should you!!!
1	The food here was bad. Just plain bad. The nachos were soggy. The burger we had was overcooked. The bread on it wasn't fresh. The guac was bland. Random cheese crumbles that had no flavor. One of the worst (if not the worst) Mexican restaurants I've been to.Well it can't get worse can it? YEP. Service was also horrible. All the waitress did was  once ask us what we wanted and hand us the food. I asked for a refill on my drink and I waited 5 minutes. I motioned at the waitress again, she looks at me and then looked away, then proceeded to go to another table. After another few minutes, I finally get my drink. At that point, I asked her for the bill right away.This place was empty. I should have known why.
1	Do not be fooled by the location.  This is easily the worst "Mexican food" I have tasted in my life. The only thing Mexican about the food might be the description on the menu. I ordered the Tequila Lime Tacos and they honestly tasted like cardboard.  The staff is attentive and quick and the venue is somewhat welcoming but the food is simply unacceptable.  If the food was edible I might have given this place two stars to recognize the staff and their speed, but my disgust for the food prevails.
1	No kids menu.  Menu is extremely limited and overpriced. Service was poor.  They know they have you trapped and make. No effort to accommodate.
2	The beer was cold, that is about the only good thing I could say about this place.  Even just sitting down I was barked at by the bartender and told not to move the stool our from the bar so I could even get in and sit!  I am only 5'5" and the stools are about 4 and a half feet tall, if 3 are pushed together how the #$%@ am I supposed to sit if I don't move one out? Bossing around your customers before they even have their A$$ in the seat is not a good way to start out the relationship.  The encounter ended with the other bartender, who was taking care of us and seemed a little nicer, trying to pass off someone else's check to us.  It was no accident either as he freely told us that he gave our check to the guy who had been next to me and that this one was basically the same thing (we had 4 beers and this was a couple of drinks and some food).  Having worked in bars and restaurants for some time I knew this was totally shady and instead he give me one for what I had had.  Lo and behold when he did as asked the check was $3-$4 cheaper than the one he was trying to get me to cover.  I can guarantee you this money would have been more likely to end up in the bartenders pockets and not the till had I just complied and paid it.  And for the record, 4 Sam Adams drafts should not total $38 before the tip unless your in an NYC club or something of the like!  Overall a very underwhelming experience!
