4	We stumbled onto this while grazing about downtown Mesa one evening, and couldn't have been more surprised about what we found inside. A beautiful atmosphere with a traveling flautist and an owner who greets people at the door as tough they are family, home for the holidays (when she opened te door, I believe her words were,"Get in here, you!"). The menu is diverse, the buffalo wings are as big as a small child's head and the salads are CRAZY. A bit pricey, but understandably so. Since they are newer, the staff and the menu are still learning, but willingly so. When my friend did not care for her appetizer, she was quizzed on why not EXACTLY, and then it was removed from our bill. Not only am I super pumped to return to this yummy place, I'm now also intrigued to try Mango's Mexican Cafe down the street, which is owned by the same smarty-pants owners. Mmmmm...I'm only striking it a star for things that will work out as the business grows. And I FULLY plan to experience each of those things so that I can up its score!!
4	Popped into de la Cruz after opening night of Othello at the Mesa Arts Center. It was after 10:30 and their kitchen had already closed but our server and the manager could tell that we were famished. They offered to put together a few of the appetizers or a cut of prime rib, which they now feature on Friday nights.We ended up getting their signature De La Cruz shrimp cocktail - yummmm - and the prime rib. Because their regular cut is so thick, my foodie friend and I asked to split it and we were grateful when we saw the size of the half portion (still 8-10 ounces). I was happily surprised by the quality, tenderness and flavor of the meat.The manager was telling us that, in addition to the prime rib, they plan to keep the menu simple and feature a lot of different specials. They usually have some interesting wines, too, and we managed to suck down two bottles of the Twenty Bench Cabernet. That's a wine that I will have to look for at AJ's next time I'm there. They now have live music on the weekends. The band was a bit loud but didn't seem to mind turning down the volume when asked. That area of Mesa has sooooo much potential to be a great dining, retail and culture center. De La Cruz is pretty much the flag ship restaurant right now but I hope they succeed because it will be a huge windfall for the community.
4	"Isn't she loveeeely, yeah, Isn't she wonderful, isn't she precious?" I could have trilled the lyrics to Stevie Wonder's Isn't She Lovely? after having lunch at this bistro in downtown Mesa.I must admit I have never thought of downtown Mesa as a place for dining but the bistro changed my opinion.  When I walked through the doors of this lovely new bistro my first thought was it is delight to look at. The bar is beautiful and the dining room is rich without being overdone. My lunch was a very crisp, fresh BLT on warm, herb crusted bread with a bowl of corn chowder. I washed all of this down with a great glass of white wine. I might add, it was an exceeding healthy pour. Everything on my plate was fresh and delicious. I really enjoyed this bistro and plan to make it to for their wine dinner on March 24th. Come join me!
3	De la Cruz Bistro has a lovely atmosphere, great jazz on the weekends and attentive servers. I've never been impressed with the food, especially considering the high prices, but last night I enjoyed sharing a bottle of Sangiovese and Sharon's Chicken Salad, which was quite tasty.  I hear the mango cheesecake is very good, as well.  I like that the two TVs above the bar show Turner Classic Movies.  Overall, it's a great place to hear music on a Friday or Saturday night and have a drink.
3	Very relaxing atmosphere and quality service.  We sat outside and enjoyed the passer byers.  The patio seats where comfy and the music set the ambiance of "earlier days".Although they had very creative dinner options that ranged from Escargot to Crawfish Etouffee I was feeling boring and got a Green Chile Grilled Cheese Sandwich.  It was basic and I realized that when I have a larger appetite I'll have to go back and try a better dish.
4	We haven't eaten in downtown Mesa in several years.Forgot to finish this...and it's been some time since we've been. What I had was the filet mignon 'cause I love mushrooms. The filet was cooked the way I like it, medium rare and the demi sauce was excellent. I will definitely return for another meal.
4	Visited for lunch. Love the decor, nice atmosphere, service is a little slow, menu is on the small side & some items are a bit pricey, but based on what I had today it's definitely worth it. They have a return customer in me :) I had a cup of soup (I'm pretty sure it was a bowl, but I couldn't get anyone to admit it, lol) that was delicious. I'd give you the name, but even the waiter didn't know it, but it was some sort of chili. I followed that with a Las Cruses Chili Spiced Chicken Salad that has grilled pineapple, strawberries, mango, blue cheese, California field greens and a berry vinaigrette. I was very happy with my salad & the chicken was cooked to perfection!
1	I have never had to write a bad review, however, this one is necessary, especially as a local business owner.  Plez read to the bottom.I have wanted to go to this resturaunt for a long time.  I am involved in the arts, including the downtown Mesa artwalk.  I chose to go on this past artwalk night.I took a friend and my two grandchildren.  Our server was friendly and informative.  Even though they did not have a kids menu, they offered a few items not on the menu.  That was nice.My friend ordered a burger off the kids choice as well.  A few short minutes later, the server explained they were out of adult size burgers.  No problem.  She ordered a pasta dish off the menu and asked for the Alfredo to be placed on the side.  No problem is what the server said.Burgers for the kids arrived and they were huge..sort of like an adult burger.  Pasta was delivered mixed with Alfredo.  My friend explained she had requested it on the side.  The server removed the plate to fix, and he apologized.  He came back to explain that the chef was unable to put Alfredo on the side.  Really?  Omg...The Ceasar salad I had was very very good...one of the best in town for sure...my appetizer was very good, but extremely small portion for the price.Now here comes the worst part...My grandaughter went to use the restroom.  She was only in there for a minute when she came out holding her head with tears in her eyes.  She told me that the picture had fallen off the wall.  I felt her head and she had a very large bump forming already.  I went into the restroom to not only finding just any picture on the ground but a large canvas about 4' x 5' held up by a heavy wrought iron frame, hung on the wall by a single small nail.  This entire art piece was on the floor with the tiny nail left in the wall.I immediately told the server who said "I'm sorry."  I said that I should probably talk with the manager, so he introduced me to the owner, who was rude and uncaring.  He said that he would get ice, which he did.  A 3 pound bag of ice, and sent us on our way.We were so very disappointed in this entire situation.  I live downtown Mesa, so this would have been my dining and night spot..this visit, was ridiculous and I will never go back, and have and will continue to tell everyone I know of the experience.Sorry guy, you made a few poor choices in customer service and human care..
2	I went to lunch here with a friend recently - the sandwich we shared was good - we had the Bistro salads which were small but OK.  We were then repeatedly hassled to try the Creme Brulee cheesecake - I have never before experienced such pressure to have dessert. Even though we had not ordered it, the waiter then brought a piece of the cheesecake to our table with forks and said we just had to try it.  We relented - but we both disliked it.  We did not want to make a fuss and left most of it uneaten.  When the bill came, we saw they had charged $7+ dollars for this one piece of cheesecake!  We paid the bill but the experience left us upset and frustrated later for allowing ourselves to be bullied into something neither of us wanted.
4	Wow, this place has super delicious, and different ( which is a good thing) food! I went there with my mom for lunch, and everything was out fast, my drink was refilled promptly, and can you say YUM?? everything you get there is very affordable (during lunch hours, not sure about dinner) And you get good portions- which is always a plus:)
4	Delicious offerings for lunch and great service.  We went to Mesa on a whim and saw this bistro/cafe and decided to give it a try without knowing anything about it.The lunch offerings were salads and sandwiches for about $8 each.  I had an herbed salmon salad which was delicious.  My husband had a chicken sandwich which he really enjoyed -- and he hates sandwiches.  We decided to get some food to go for our plane ride home.  The owner packed some salads with the chicken and salmon on the side (as well as dressing) and my husband got a club sandwich with macaroni salad.  I had the spiced chicken on the plane and the dressing was really nice with the salad which had mangoes.
4	Perfect location if you're catching a show at the Mesa Arts Center. The patio dining also looked fantastic, but it was a bit chilly for me.My friend and I did three courses, with a bottle of wine, for $40 a piece. Very reasonable in book. Waitress was very attentive and knowledgeable of the menu, recommending our wine, appetizer and dessert. Their brie, roasted garlic appetizer with blueberry compote is a unusual blend, but has a mind-blowing flavor when combined.Additionally, waitress told us that many of the stars from the Arts Center shows stop by for a night cap afterward. Sounds like a good place to catch some talent. Hoping to catch more show just so I can eat here!
4	I worked for Chef Brian back when he owned S' Bistro and while I didn't leave angry, I left suddenly. Hearing he was back in the restaurant business and just down the street from his old place intrigued me, so I took my parents while they were in town for the half marathon.We made dinner reservations for four and were seated quickly. The brie appetizer was especially good, as was my grilled chicken plate ($17), which was served with mashed potatoes and grilled veggies. My date and my parents were quite pleased with the dinner, though the waiter was obviously a little bored on a slow night (it picked up later and we were there at six, which is early for a Saturday night out.We also split the brownie, which wasn't as fudgy as I expected, a welcome difference from the super-rich brownies I often receive. It tasted great.Very excited for Chef Brian to be back on Main Street and I'll definitely go again.
4	I have just arrived in town from Austin, TX and was starving. I spent about an hour searching for restaurants on my GPS, when I drove by this little gem. I decided to give them a shot and was completely amazed. I ordered a Makers and Coke with a lemon and found out the bartender is a bourbon fan and made point to visit this place on my next trip to Mesa. I had the calamari which was stir fried without breading (scrumptious) and the Salmon Salad with asparagus. I love everything about this place, from the friendliness of the staff to the food and the live music. Plus it is located directly across the street from the Mesa Arts Center where the Chorus Line is playing.
2	So, tonight was my first attempt at 'de la Cruz' and I have to say that I was pretty unimpressed.Sorting through the online wine list I found that they were asking $23 for a glass of Justin Vineyards Cab... For a GLASS?? Then I found the note saying that if you pay an extra $10 you can get the whole bottle, but once I got to the restaurant I found that the Glass was $18 and the bottle was $50. I was finally able to get them to understand that advertising is advertising, and they are required by law to honor the rate. Now for the salad...Caesar... How difficult is it to make a decent Caesar? Well, apparently it is pretty tough. The Caesar was more red/brown than green. The dressing itself was actually pretty good, but having cooked in high end Italian restaurants I was actually pretty embarrassed by what they sent out to the table. The amazing part is at the end of the dinner, the owner or manager actually came to the table to defend the fact that they sent rusty lettuce to the table.The entree ( I still do not understand why they are called entrees as that means first... It should be a main!) was actually quite good. I had the Lasagna, the portion was small for $17 but the flavor was good. I am not going to say a whole lot about it, as Lasagna isn't that hard to do.I spent about 30 minutes talking with the wait staff and the manager or what ever she was about the whole experience, and they were not at all open to suggestion on anything.The flatware was similar to something that you might find in a cafeteria setting... For a $23 glass of wine and a $17 main, I kind of expect some decent flatware.I don't think that I will go back... There are better places to go for a $90 dinner for two.
2	The place has potential but is not impressive as it is currently.  I live in downtown Mesa and was excited to investigate the Bistro.  It's basically directly across the street from the Mesa Art Center, so I was thinking it might be a good place to go before or after a show.  The decor is inviting with a bar and a small seating area w/ club chairs, a small stage area by the window where a musician was playing and an assortment of tables including a space for a larger party near the kitchen.  I had made reservations online and we were seated promptly. (Did I mention it was a Friday evening?)Then the problems started...I had planned my meal in advance using the website menu, however our server informed us that the wine I wanted wasn't available and the price for my backup wine was $50 a bottle (online the price was $33).  My date & I are both light eaters, so we opted to share the Caesar salad.  The size of the salad is not sufficient to split not to mention the lettuce was oxidized. (I suspect it was from the prior day or perhaps even bagged lettuce) Our server was polite but neither offered us an alternative salad or to remove the charge from our bill.  For our main course we both ordered options from the pasta menu (I should mention that the pasta menu was not on the website)  My lobster ravioli was fair but certainly not excellent.  An overwhelming amount of tomato sauce remained on my plate after eating all 4 of the raviolis.At this point, a manager came to our table to defend the salad and her pricing.  I quote "we charge so much for a glass of wine because we prefer not to serve it by the glass."  I have to ask why do you charge such astronomical prices for the bottle then as nobody in there right mind would pay that much.In summary, I might return in the future to explore another entree but I won't be drinking any alcohol and I certainly won't complain as it falls on deaf ears.
2	THE ONLY THINGS THAT SAVED THIS FROM BEING A ONE-STAR IS THE BEER WE GOT TO TRY & THE WAITER!Everything else was a definitely a one-star! Let's start with the "clam chowder" - it was liquefied mashed potatoes with a couple of clam pieces thrown in. Next came the "caprese salad" - it was 3 cherry tomatoes uncut, 3 small mozzarella balls uncut, lots of crustini, balsamic sprinkled with dry basil & side salad w/dressing... all on a 7 inch plate for $8. Then came the main sandwich dishes: rib-eye steak with leek fondue on a ciabatta ordered medium rare - came on wheat french bread, 3 small pieces of dry, well-done SIRLOIN steak, the sauce was absorbed into the bread & nothing else. 2nd plate was a veggie sandwich - which wasn't bad, we split it as the steak sandwich was not good. Now let's talk about the fries, partially uncooked, extremely oily, wilted, have to say they looked good but were completely inedible!!So we came here on a Groupon deal & when it was time to pay - the bartender girl shorted us $6 & called it a Deal Chicken. I was polite in confronting her and she was extremely rude in her response. She said the computer would not let her discount alcohol. I told her the Groupon did not exclude alcohol therefore she should apply our entire discount. She was angry & said she would talk to manager. Well, obviously he gave us what was RIGHT! She didn't even look at me when she handed me the new bill. Now let's talk about the good things... our waiter Cord, oh what a saving grace at this place, we wished he would find a more promising job! We left him a higher than average tip to show him that we appreciated his service! Also we tried a beer that we have been curious about, Session beer (light & dark)- it was surprisingly tasty & a nice find. We will be purchasing that in the future!I feel bad about a dying business, but sometimes you should let dead dogs lie..... or bury them! Ugh, hate to say it, but I think this place's time is limited. Sad.
1	My experience here was pretty funny actually. .. . Sorta kinda anyway.  When we went to order our appetizer, they were out of the first two things we asked for.  The brie we ended up with was great though.  And when it came to order dinner, same story....they were out of two out of three of our requests.  This was at 7:30 on a Friday and the place was dead.  We were sitting outside and when itstarted getting chilly, one of the employees asked if we wanted the patio heater turned on, our server intercepted him and reminded him that they were out of propane.  I understand times are tough, but it was a bit surreal.The food we did end up with was fine, but in no way good enough to justify the prices.  I really really wanted to like this place, but it was so so so not ok.
1	Horrible. An hour without water, silverware, or any real service.  On the other hand, the hostess was condescending and hostile. If you like small, bland portions for a lot of money, go for it. Otherwise, Jack n The Box has a better gastronomic atmosphere.
4	We were going to a show at the Mesa Arts Center and had some time to kill, so we decided to stop in for a glass of wine at de la Cruz.  Although we did not eat there, it smelled pretty great.  Our waiter was really nice and suggested the Velvet Devil merlot, which turned out to be a great choice.  The atmosphere was really pleasant, we sat out on the patio, and enjoyed the sunset while listening to the classical guitar player who was just inside the restaurant.I don't spend much time in Mesa, but if you're down there I definitely think this place it worth a look.
3	We've been going to a lot of Italian places CB was one of them, but we probably won't be back. The Penne Chicken dish I had was bland, the sauce was watery and the chicken was tough. The service was really prompt (maybe because there weren't many people there...) and friendly which really made up for the poor food, but there are too many other really good Italian restaurants to be bothered with this one.
4	Nice patio in the heart of downtown mesa. We didn't eat so i can't comment on that but the wine selection was nice. We had a quick drink before a show at the MAC. The service was quick.
4	We bought a Deal Chicken coupon and thought we would give de la Cruz Bistro a try. Before we went, I checked out the reviews here on Yelp and was a bit skeptical about trying this restaurant, but we had a coupon. So, I figured what the heck. When we entered the place we were greeted warmly and shown to our table. I found the atmosphere to be very pleasant and relaxing. We started off with a bottle of wine and a baked brie roasted garlic appetizer that was delicious. For our main courses I had the baked wild Alaskan Salmon, the misses had the Alaskan Halibut, and mother in law had Pasta Penne. The presentations were impressive, my Salmon was delicious and cooked to perfection, the misses' Halibut was good, and the Pasta Penne was fabulous. Our server did a great job throughout our visit and before we left the owner stopped by our table and engaged us in pleasant coversation which included him showing us part of his impressive fine wine collection. Overall, we were all impressed by our experience at de la Cruz Bistro and we will definitely be going back.Keep up the good work de la Cruz Bistro!
1	Good luck getting seated, and then better luck if they actually serve you. We waited 15mins, asked for a menu 2x, and didn't get one. My husband walked up to bar to get one, the bartender was too busy texting to take order of wine, ("just a sec") and then my husband saw waitress pouring wine from a previous table's carafe back into the bottle. That was the last straw. What a joke.
4	I've only been here once, but it was a very nice experience. I stopped in before the Atmosphere show the other day, and had a few cocktails before hitting the concert. I had the Cheeseburger and French Fries, which was either phenomenal or I was starving; either way it was good. A friend of mine had the bruschetta (oh God, I hope I spelled that right), and my mouth was literally salivating as I watched it come out of the kitchen. There weren't many people there, but the ambiance was nice, and our very large (somewhat intoxicated) group was treated with lots of patience.The bartender was real cool. I was worried about taking my purse into the venue (Mesa Amphitheater), so he actually volunteered to hold it behind the bar for me until I returned at the end of the show.
3	We happened upon this place while waiting for a film to start at The Royale.  Ive been by this place before, but never inside.  It definitely had the Italian bistro feeling. So we put our name in for dinner.  The place was pretty packed with many people sitting at the bar area and waiting room.  We noticed there were many tables in the back with nobody at them, so we asked the hostess if we could sit back there and wait.  She was kind of enough to allow us.  Soon enough, we were able to sit there and our waiter came by to take our drink orders.  Within 10min, we also ordered our appetizers and food. The food itself was pretty decent.  My girlfriend and I split an order of fettuccine alfredo.  We had also ordered some shrimp to start up.  It was ok, but nothing amazing.I would have given this place 4 stars, but what knocked it down to 3 was how long we had to wait.  Once we were finished eating, our waiter seemed to have disappeared for a while.  We caught a glimpse of him at one point, but he moved so fast, it was almost a blur.  Finally we grabbed him to get our bill... but then it took even longer.  I almost think he had to go to the bank to cash our checks.  I dont know.. it just felt that way.  Half of our party had to go back to the theater to get things started while the rest of us waited for our bill.Id go back, but I would make sure I had time..  Good place, but make sure you have time to hang out and eat for a while.
4	Great atmosphere. Good date place. Live guitarist was there playing classy to add to the ambiance while we were there. The food was tasty and on a higher class than the other standard fare restaurants. There were some imperfections in the taste of some of the dishes, but at least I got something which was more exciting than crap at Applebees and TGIF and what not.I would recommend trying this place out if you are willing to spend a little extra for a dining experience.
3	I went here for lunch today with a friend because I got a Groupon Now deal that gave me 25$ for 2$. Whoa... that is a sweet deal! I got the steak sandwich, and it was ok, but boring. A lot of the steak had fat on it, so I had to spit out whole pieces... yuck. The flavor wasn't bad, but it wasn't good. The menu says it has a leek fondue which sounded like it was going to be gooey cheese.... not the case, there was barely any leek on it at all. My friend got a club and said it was good, but they forgot the avocado. Lame. Plus they were out of sweet potato fries, so that was annoying too. We shared their cheesecake for dessert and it tasted like frozen cheesecake out of a bag. Not awesome. So, although it was an awesome deal... it's not a place I would pay full price for.
2	Great menu, location and ambiance, however the execution was what holds it back.Chef owned, local feel and a good looking menu everything seem right, however I did skip the key step of checking yelp first.At a distance the patio looked great and it was the first cool evening of the year, but as we sat there we noticed how the seats really needed cushions and the table was repaired with duct tape.For dinner we had the risotto of the day which was a artichoke risotto $15 and we also had had a Ahi salad $13. The risotto was just too creamy with pools of cream or butter at the corners of the dish, this went beyond rich to flat out heart attack inducing. The heavy hand was also evident on the salad that was heavily dressed. The tuna was served on it as a single steak, semi rare and only pink on the inside, not the highest quality tuna. The included bread and butter only came as the meal came out, it was good with a sun dried tomato butter.Bottom line it might look nice and seem like a great idea but this place is more for the tourist / theater crowd.
1	One of the most vile dining experiences I have ever had.  I was part of a rehearsal party with a preset menu.  The first problem occurred when we arrived and were surprised to find some sort of live radio show that consumed the inside the restaurant and was blaring over speakers.  After we crammed the 20 of us into the corner where we were now split into multiple tables (suppose to be one long table), we tried to order drinks.  Drinks took 30 minutes to arrive, which basically consisted of the servers dropping random drinks off at random tables.  After another long wait, they finally came around to take our orders since we had the choice between three items.  One guest is a vegetarian and asked for just the side of vegetable served with one dish.  The server then offered a meat-free chicken alfredo.  Another guest alerted the server that she is highly allergic to gluten.  Over an hour later food slowly started showing up, along with our horribly rude servers who had conveniently disappeared since.  The idiot we knew as our server slammed a bowl of fettucini covered in chicken in front of the vegetarian.  She reminded him that she does not eat meat and that she thought she was getting a bowl of plain pasta.  He just shrugged and walked away.  None of the bacon cheeseburgers contained bacon.  The gluten free guest was given an entree with no changes (meaning full of gluten).  The (frozen) salmon i received was completely inedible and disgusting.  When it came time to select one of the two dessert options, we were told that both were out.  This was a lunch in the afternoon that had been planned well over a month in advance.  Before this even happened, I had been ready to just leave and get some food from one of the many nearby places.  I hear this place has an actual chef and he must be from the purina factory.  Between the waitstaff and management, I can't figure out which is worse.  Basically these people put a huge downer on an exciting day that should be celebrated.  I would strongly caution people from booking a party or even going here at all.
4	Decided to use a Groupon we had purchased and have dinner prior to the Vince Gill concert on Sunday, 10/23/2011.  A pleasant surprise awaited us as we arrived and reconnected with an old friend, restaurant manager, from another Bistro nearby.  He is now with de la Cruz Bistro. Everything about our dinner was wonderful; from the cocktails, the wine suggestion by our waiter, our dinner salads and our entrees. My date had the salmon special, cajun blackened; and I had the stuffed, grilled chicken breast.  We allowed two hours for our dining experience and as it turns out, it was just right.  We do not like to be rushed.  Our waiter was very attentive while not being over intrusive; the food was done to perfection and we left knowing that we will be back.  Thank you Michael and Chef Brian.
4	I bought the Groupon for two glasses of wine, and appetizer and two dinner entrees.  Me and my girlfriend decided to spend a Friday night date at de la Cruz.The place was dead at 6pm on a Friday, which scared me, especially since there was an event at the center next door.  We were promptly seated at our reservation time.The waiter was very nice and prompt.  The win was very good, and the bread and sun-dried tomato butter was appeasing.  We split the Brie appetizer.  I love garlic, so the roasted garlic was a highlight for me.  The appetizer arrived incredibly quickly.For dinner, we both had the specials for the day.  My girlfriend had the Fish special, a piece of Escolar.  I HATE fish, and she doesn't love it, but it was easily the best piece of fish either of us had ever had.  Her garlic mashed potatoes were also very good.I had the surf and turf, a nice piece of Filet and Tempura style Shrimp.  The Shrimp was nothing too special, but was good.  The Filet was supposed to be medium-rare, but ended up closer to rare.  It was still very good, and the sauce on it added more than it distracted.  The Pepper and Spinach Risotto was the highlight for me, as were the grilled veggies (something else I usually hate).Overall it was a great experience, and I think we will be returning.  Everyone was friendly, the Chef came out and personally thanked us and checked on our experience, and the ambiance was nice.  The place also seemed to pick up as we were leaving, which was nice to see.
4	My wife and I loved the food!  So much so that she immitated it at home the next week.  The only reason I am giving 4 stars is I did not like the music and belly dancers were not MY thing.
4	I had eaten at de la Cruz when they first opened for lunch with some friends. Al though the food was ok the service was well below par. Half of our order never got to the kitchen and one of our party had to get to the airport. The waiter and chef apologized profusely and gave us a free dessert.As a result I had not been back for some time. I like the other restaurants run by this family so when I saw a Groupon I figured I'd give it another try. My husband and I went on a Thursday night. I made a reservation as the Groupon requested. The place was not crowded when we arrived and we were seated promptly and a waitress arrived for our drink orders and with bread pronto.  I had the filet and my husband had a seafood pasta. both were well prepared. The portions were generous. My husband ordered a piece of chocolate cake which was the only thing that was just ok.I will return for dinner or lunch.
4	Three of us went out for a special dinner and had just that.  Each one of us had a different special (escolar, lamb shank, and veal chop), and all of us were pleased with the food and service, though the potatoes could have been better.  Mike was our waiter, and he took great care of us; we do believe in asking for, and usually following, our server's recommendations.  The bistro is artsy but not fancy; there are TV's over the bar, and the music is a bit loud.  Prices are somewhat high, but we knew that going in.  We were there for a leisurely, well-prepared meal, and we were very satisfied with the total experience.  We had a terrific coupon, but we'll go back without one.
4	A welcome addition to the increasingly revitalized and diverse fabric of downtown Mesa.  Standard bistro dishes executed well and in a comfortable setting.  A great first course for any evening spent enjoying the Mesa Arts Center.
3	I wanted to give a better rating since I'm a big fan of Mango's and El Zocola also by the same family.  The decor has a nice homey feel to it, and on a Thursday night only a few other diners.  Waiter was very attentive taking order, but after food came disappeared.  The salad was large enough for sharing with nice roasted red peppers in it, and some very nice warm rolls.  So far quite good.My wife's main course was lasagna and it was pretty good.  Mine was filet and I had ordered it medium and it came as rare, with cold mashed potatoes.  I kept looking for our waiter but he was didn't even look our way and instead talked with the hostess.  I finally flagged down the manager (I think) who was quite nice.  I'm always reluctant to send back under cooked meat since they often just put it in a microwave and then it's tough.  They fortunately cooked an entirely new piece of meat, and this time got the temperature right, and the mashed potatoes were also hot.  So while a misstep I appreciated that they made it right and it was not a big deal since we were not in a hurry.  The manager offered to give us a glass of wine or desert, and I give a lot of credit when they seem to care when the dinner is not quite right.The waiter had disappeared so I had to fill up our water glasses, and then at the end of the dinner he turned up again.  It was a bit puzzling since there were so few people in the restaurant and they had more than one server.  So it would normally be a 4 star review, except for the mishaps.  But I really did appreicate that the manager went out of his way to try to make it right.
2	What the hell is it with a host that isn't open to you picking a table of your liking, especially when the joint is near empty? This jerk was clearly put out that we would have the temerity to choose our table, which was required given that the spot lighting was so bright on certain table we could have effectively performed surgery. Would have sat on the nice patio with a fire going, but the lighting out there was again overblown. Our ebullient waitress kept us there with her friendliness and steered us toward good appetizers and a light Chardonnay. Reluctantly, given my recent run of back luck with calamari, I ordered the app and bravely dove in. Hot and crispy but the sauce suffered. The marinara sauce we asked for was far better. Our Caprese salad was good, fresh. If not for the gargoyle at the front I would have considered this a good experience.
5	If you are seeking excellent dining and superb service you will WANT to dine at de la Cruz Bistro! We read the negative reviews however decided to try this establishment anyway...we are so glad we did! We were greeted at the door by a cheerful hostess who had our table ready as we had made online reservations. We loved that we were able to do that on a busy Friday night. Brittany was our server and quickly set out to insure we had a wonderful time. We never lacked for quality service! Our dinners were delectable! Absolutely delicious! The owner or manager was visiting all tables to also insure needs were being met. The staff worked well together, Brittany was incredible and the cooks talented! De la cruz bistro will be a favorite for us for many years! Thank you all!Mary Ann Chapman Mesa AZ
4	They had a few false starts but the kinks seem to be worked out. I live within 2 miles and can attest that it is not easy to find unique restaurants - you have to go to Tempe. The food is well prepared, presented and tasty. I have read some reviews on the service, but when I went there on Saturday, service was awesome and they had a decent crowd and a Flamenco group that was fantastic. Cool vibe - warm and intimate setting with patio service outside. Downtown Mesa is really coming into its own lately and I am thrilled to see this. Perfect if you are headed to the Mesa Arts Center. Great for just a cocktail or happy hour as well.
4	If I ever go back to another Cubs' Spring Training game or happen to be in Mesa for some other reason, I'm going back to de la Cruz Bistro...for sure. Also, our waiter, Chip, was awesome!
1	Everything sucked, basically.  The waitress was rude and brusque all night, and acted like we were imposing on her evening.  It started with 8 minutes to get a glass of water, another 10 minutes just to get silverware and a napkin for my girlfriend.  Brian Banasek was listed as the "executive chef" and I have to think this is a title he pulled out of a crackerjack box.  The carrot soup was flavorless and terrible, could have passed for mashed cardboard.  My girlfriend had the lobster ravioli, which she said was decent... that was the high point of the night.  I had the fettuccine alfredo with steak added, the most bland meal I've had this year (other than the carrot soup appetizer).  The steak had all the taste boiled out and the alfredo sauce was very watery, at least the noodles were cooked well.  I'd have taken Army field rations over this place!
5	Found this gem through Groupon. The best dining experience we've had in ages. Food beautifully prepared and presented. Every course perfect. Appy's included Insalata Caprese and Calamari. For mains, two of us had the pan seared Alaskan salmon, served over a delicate yellow squash and zucchini risotto. One had Penne Pasta with chicken,(and lots of veg) and one had  Filet topped with crab and bearnaise, cooked perfectly rare. Wonderful wine choices. Service was very friendly and genuine. Would highly recommend this restaurant and cannot wait to return to share this with more friends.
3	Honestly the food is good but I dropped a star for price to quality ratio.  Loved the rack of lamb and the steak.  Perfectly cooked and seasoned.  Fun atmosphere and street seating for the beautiful AZ spring weather.  Downtown mesa usually has a car expo or motorcycle convention that is fun to watch while you dine.
2	I haven't spent much time in Downtown Mesa, but this place catches my eye every time.  It's caddy-corner to the Mesa Arts Center, with a lively, inviting patio out front.  The inside is artistically decorated with some exposed brick and large paitings on one wall.  The other wall is a bar, serving a sizable wine list and bottles from several local breweries.  (No draft beers.)  There's also a small stage for live music.  It's a nice atmosphere for a date.Unfortunately, the food was lacking.  A crusty baguette was served before our meals with a homemade butter concotion that had way too many onions.  I ordered the fish of the day, escolar, served over vegetable risotto ($29).  The fish was cooked moist and succulent, but it was very buttery and carried some unrecognizable smoky flavor.  The risotto had a nice cheesy taste, but I didn't see many vegetables in it, and it was also very heavy and oily.  In between these layers were some tasty, vinegary wilted greens, but I could barely distinguish them sandwiched between the super rich fish and risotto.On the plus side, my wife's salmon salad was a nice offering and good value ($11).  With asparagus, roasted red peppers, and multi-colored grape tomatoes, it was pleasing to the eye.  The piece of salmon on top was surprisingly large, and cooked perfectly medium rare.I'd definitely stop in for a drink or to relax on the patio, but I doubt I'll grab dinner again here any time soon.
3	Tried this for first time with a GroupOn opportunity.  Greeting was NOT very friendly.  Menu looked great but again, unfriendly staff problems.  No one on the staff smiled--had to request bread rather than have it served with meal and waiter acted 'put out' that had to go get bread.  Food was excellent with some of best Lasagna I've ever had--obviously a great family recipe.  Place has potential but if we have same poor service attitude on next trip will not go back.  Don't know if it was because we were using Groupon (owner said they were a pain to work with) or this was just their general attitude.
1	We were going to have dinner at Monsterland (which is awesome by the way) but they had an hour wait as it was Prom Night.  So we walked down to de la Cruz Bistro.  We were told that there was a 20 minute wait which seemed strange as the restaurant was only about half full.  We were informed that the wait was due to the kitchen being overwhelmed (half full and on a Saturday night???) So we sat and had drinks while looking at our table that was already setup.  Why not seat us at the table and give us some bread while we waited? So we sat, and sat, and sat for over 45 minutes at which point we were moved to our table.  When we went to order the waitress told us that they were out of anything with beef or chicken in it. so we ordered off of the 1/3 of the menu that they had. When our food came my wife asked for Parmesan cheese for the pasta dish and was told they were out of that.  Another person in our party ordered pasta with shrimp and on his first bite got a frozen shrimp.   They took his meal back but didn't offer him a replacement so he sat and watched the rest of us eat.When we asked to speak with someone about our experience a waiter came over claiming he was the front of the house manager.  When we relayed our experience to him he said all he could do was take the meal that we sent back off of the bill.  He acted as if he was doing us a favor by taking the meal that my friend didn't eat because it was uncooked off of the bill.  He then started to argue with us and become very snotty and walked away.  What a terrible experience and I guarantee none of the six people in my party will ever eat there again.  Recap:- We waited for almost an hour in a half full restaurant- They were out of about half the items on the menu- Although they have quite a few pasta dishes on the menu they were out of Parmesan cheese- One meal had frozen shrimp in it- When the 'Manager' came over instead of just saying he was sorry about our experience he argued with us and walked away in a huffDo yourself a favor and don't patronize this place which is mismanaged and doesn't really care about the satisfaction of it customers.
4	We went to the AZ Natural History Museum around the corner and needed a spot for lunch. We had no clue what to try in downtown Mesa, so we popped into de la Cruz Bistro on chance. After glancing at the menu, we decided to stay. We are so glad we did!! I had a smoked chicken salad sandwich and a side salad with berry vinaigrette that was amazing! They didn't have any items on the menu specifically for kids, but said they would make them some plain pasta. We had a quiet, leisurely lunch (only 4 other people in the place) and topped it off with delicious cheesecake for dessert. The portion was large and I took half my sandwich home to enjoy later. If we are ever in the downtown Mesa area again, we will go back!
1	We came back to De La Cruz after wonderful experiences last year...awesome foodie food, creative cocktails and great atmosphere...always came here for dinner after shows at the Arts Center.However, I guess all good things must come to an end.The good:- service was excellent and friendly- decor still great...TuscanThe bad...we won't be back:- Buffet? Really? I only eat buffet food at weddings and conferences- menu online is no longer what they serve..no chef inspired risotto of the day, no herbed rack of lamb, no escargot....what you get is standard uninteresting options...pork chop, steak and mash, etc.- the one item that sounded tasty was the Quatro Formaggio Penne...nope...literally a few sprinkles of cheese over penne doused in a thick pesto creme...not good.- menus were dirty and crumpled- if you did want to go for the buffet, it's backyard BBQ fare...brisket, corn, etc.Really wish the old owner was still in charge...used to love this place!
1	another terrible experience :(I made reservations for 6 so we would have plenty of time to eat & then walk across the street for 730 show at Mesa Art Center. Our table was one of 3 tables set up on the stage near the front window- made me feel special. However, our waiter (one of two working from what I could tell) was also working in the general section (had a table of 8 along with a few other couples) he also seemed to be the bartender! needless to say, we had terrible service. 45 minutes after we arrived, we were brought bread.  When making our salad dressing options, we were told the house salad was romaine lettuce but when it arrived it was a spring mix. The menu was a special "theater menu" with only 3 entree choices plus the daily special. I ordered the special (pomodoro pasta) and my date ordered the filet mignon. Both were served at the final moment (I had warned the waiter I was leaving at 715 whether I had my food or not) the filet was supposed to come with garlic mashed potatoes but instead came with pan fried potato wedges and my pasta was supposed to be fettucini but was spagetti. both entrees tasted average but at $17 & $24 should have been much better. Needless to say, I wont be back.
4	Stopped in here prior to a performance at the MAC (which is right across the street) I was early for dinner; around 5:45 PM and the place was completely empty. I was a little concerned about that, but it was early and it was a week night too. My server, Derek, told me I could sit anywhere and I chose a table by the window (it was a little too chilly to sit outside) I asked for a wine list, but he said they didn't have one because they were creating a new one (?) OK, fine, but what wines do you have?? He said he would go ask. Hmmmm. He came back with water and a menu after talking to the bartender, and asked me if I wanted red or white wine. Still a little confused about this I said I wanted a glass of chardonnay and ordered the fettuccine alfredo with chicken. He came back with a delicious chardonnay (no clue what it was and he didn't offer) and later a delicious plate of pasta (it wasn't fettuccine like the menu said but linguine) alfredo. The sauce was heavy on the garlic but delicious and creamy. The portion was large and came with garlic toast points that were really good too. The food and wine were really very good, and Derek was a delight. I'm glad I stopped by....and hope to be back soon. Maybe they will have a wine list next time??
3	A jewel in the very rough. Where is Robert from Restaurant Impossible? This place is darling and in an ideal location close to two entertainment venues. The beau and I went for a few drinks and a bite to eat before a show at the Mesa Amphitheater down the block.The service was so slow, we moved from a table to the bar. The owner was bar tending and was quick to inform us he only does beer and wine. Too bad, they had a rather inventive martini menu. It took so long to get the food, my husband went back to find our waiter cowering in the kitchen a few times. 45 minutes later we got the appetizer and salad. Why three stars? We thought the food was surprisingly delicious. There was a large crowd and the two people in the kitchen were really working hard. There were about five servers pacing around.  The cost was reasonable and the eatery is in a great location but too bad there is glaringly poor management.
3	Before going to the theatre, we stopped of here instead of the Thai restaurant across the street. We came in at 6:20 with no reservations. We were seated within a few minutes. The place was crowded with only a couple of tables still vacant. We ordered our entrees; I had the Shrimp Scampi with pasta and my wife ordered the Seafood Medley which came with a house salad. The salad had mixed greens and croutons. You can tell it was made most likely before they opened. After eating the salad, the bread was brought out which was fresh. Would have enjoyed more with my salad.A few minutes later the entrees followed. The pasta is a spaghettini which we enjoyed except it was seating in grease or olive oil and some were a bit crunchy. My shrimp and the seafood in my wifes dish where cooked perfectly. Since I checked in, Yelp had a 50% of dessert coupon which I used but not before the manager said he didn't know of it and said he would honor it but will call Yelp to see who authorized it. We had the Cheesecake which was delicious. When we got the bill, they charged us the full price. I paid in cash and left it up to the server to decide what to do. She either made $4 or a $7.50 tip.
5	I was here for lunch last week, and I thought it was fantastic! The outdoor patio is perfect for the recent weather. The inside is very nice without being too stuffy. I had turkey on flat bread with sweet potato fries, and it was definitely out of this world. Did I mention everyone who works there was super nice? Well, they are. I'd like to return in the evening sometime to take advantage of the bar. :)
4	Good food, flamenco guitar and dancing, so fun! You have to get there early as its a small place, but its worth it!
3	Tried this place with a Groupon once. The food was pretty good and we talked about going back but the service was so slow and the food wasn't stand out enough to support the full priced menu. So, we haven't been back but if there is another group on special we will try it again.
4	Great little place. Derrick our server was right on and the friend I was with ordered a margarita and it was made fresh, amazing!! The prices are extremely reasonable. It's located just on the opposite corner from the Mesa Arts Center so a great spot if you're seeing a show. I wish I would have gotten the bartenders name so I could give him credit too but he was tall with dark hair, great work on that margarita!!! Will be back!
