5	This is what Las Vegas has been missing. Some art, culture and all around good fun located right here in the heart of Las Vegas. The summer time really brings out the attractions but as it gets warmer it will continue to grow with the vendors as well. Fun selection of art, good tastes of community food and afterwards stroll to downtown Las Vegas to Fremont street to continue the festivities with the locals in some of the bars.
5	first friday is a great way to discover new local artists and keep up to date on local culture. there's lots of great galleries with something for just about everyone and every kind of art collecting budget. i agree with the fact that parking is sometimes tuff, but it always excites me to see many people coming down to the event to support it. a few extra blocks of walking is no big deal.
2	S'alright.  I mean, Vegas is desperate for the arts.  It's all controlled by big businesses, and the state grossly lacks the support infrastructure for the arts.  So, a lot of people get excited for the art walk.  And, it is a nice, little artwalk.  It has also grown, and then shrunk, and then grown again.It's one of those walks that you can't enjoy month after month (well, the first friday of every month).  Many of the displays and artists do not revolve.  However, the art here is definitely of a local Vegas milieu, and you won't find it in another city.It has a long way to go, and hopefully one day it will get there.  I wish the city would give it more support, and the planners would be more innovative.
5	Finally.... Finally... Finally I was able to go enjoy First Friday.. It reminded me of an Art walk they hold in Sacramento that I used to frequent. Art is Universal and can bring anyone together no matter if it is with oil on canvas or picks on strings you can find something to enjoy. I have been searching for this vibe here in Vegas and now I know that I can get a nice dose of it at least once a month. We walked through as many galleries as we could and met some amazing very talented people. One of the coolest things for me while out here was that the more you talk to all of the artists out here the more you appreciate the art, I know for those of us who enjoy art it becomes more of a passion then a hobby, and when you are bumping shoulders with other artistic people you really begin to see the passion that goes in to these magnificent pieces of work. First Friday has just become a "must" for me, I felt as though I was at ease and just enjoying everything I could and that is not always easy to do in Vegas. This is a great opportunity to get away from the hustle and bustle and enjoy a few of the finer things in life.... ART
5	What the Hell, man?  I go to you for two years, I'm happy with you (even during that brief period you decided to charge money for entry), and then you go off and step up your game?Growing up in Texas, I often went to the Deep Ellum art district in Dallas for my art fix.  While you were close, you weren't quite there.  I don't go for few months, and suddenly, there's all of this "new".  New galleries, new signage, new entryway, new galleries, new, new, new, new, new....It all started when I walked by this nearby bail bonds place where there was a DJ, a pole dancer, and they were serving free street tacos.  A bail bonds place does this.  Seriously?  How could my night start any better?I LOVE the new entryway near the Arts Factory, with the lights that turn on when you step on them (yes, I did stop to make a point and recreate Michael Jackson's "Billie Jean" video, thank you very much).There were more galleries, great artists, something about the music, the vibe....  I don't know what happened, but this place, got bigger, better, more involved, and more Bohemian.  I felt like I was back in the 1990's in my early 20's, and it was quite possibly the coolest feeling ever.  Everything that could have possibly "clicked" did, and then some.Note to First Friday planners: What you did for May, keep it.  Don't change it, just build upon it.  You found "it", and you represented it so well.  I've been to First Friday for two years now, and I've never seen it shine more than I did for May.  Now my only regret is that it's only one time a month.I'm speechless, but happy.  THIS was an art scene that I found tonight.  Hells to the yes.
4	You might be suprised that las vegas offers something both community oriented AND regarding culture or ideas.  Wow.  It's here - like as good or better a version you might find in any medium sized US city.
5	May First Friday= booze, art, music and tons of women in dresses. Some of them may not be 21. or 18. BUT, lots of them are of age.Best free festival in Vegas, the fact that it happens once a month is awesome. I'm sure it's a lot of the same if you go every month but every Las Vegan has got to stop by to check out First Friday at least once!
4	It was my first time at First Friday last night. It was awesome cause I was with the Yelp-izzles!!I saw some great art and very diverse crowd. The last thing I expected to see here was all the little raver kids. I got to hit up the Slider Truck and a couple beer stands. Saw some b-boys doin their thang. Cool first First Friday for me.
5	It was my very first First Friday and who better to experience it with than my Yelpalicious people. We started at Brett Wesley (I love this space, great pieces are chosen and Victoria and Brett are great) and worked our way down. We saw some interesting art pieces and the best part is that there are things that would actually be affordable for the average person to take home as well. It's a great idea to come and get a few original pieces once we decorate our space a little more. I don't want to make decor decisions without the BF or else I might have picked up something but I'm excited for that day when we get to  come in plans to take home some pieces. Other than that there are odd antique and knickknacks, some are actually quirky pieces I would consider putting in my house (I found this amazing chair and a carved horn) , but it's quite a dig to find the little gems and some of the antique shops are a bit haphazard and dusty. Theres a few booths setup for accessories (hair clips, jewelry, etc) art prints, knicknacks and toys along the way.  If youre hungry or thirsty there are a few food vendors (show some Slider Truck love!) and some drinks (including alcoholic beverages) and ice cream booths. Theres quite a few local bands and DJs, street performers out playing in various spaces and corners and hell, there was even a random kid who decided to start a rave and bust out trance out of his car so all music is represented. Basically a little sumthin' sumthin' for everyone. All kinds of folks come to this too. It sounds like from what it was before it has grown, but still can grow up to be more as the appreciation grows. I mean if you have been to other cities art fests and arts districts you might be like, "this is it?", but can't knock it for being in it's infantile stages transitioning to be a toddler....even the other cities were once this before they got to where they were. If I want it to be something, then I'm going to come and support so that they will grow in numbers and draw more vendors/artists because of the crowd and if something isn't working, then let them know of the kinks that need to be worked out. I remember when some of those galleries, art walks and farmers markets didn't exist/were tiny when I was a kid growing up in LA. Now, they're strong presence. I "get" some of the concerns some people have told me, like there is teens and scensters amok or that there is a good number of people there to just get drunk hanging out by the alcohol vendors...I can see that. But you know what? No one bothered me, so I'm cool. We'll talk when it starts to actually interfere with the art appreciation then I'll cut a bitch who acts a fool in a gallery. So, act right. You don't want to see the Jade green, you won't like me when I'm angry.... One thing that none of the cons can take away is that this is a forum for people to express themselves. Any place people can show their art is beautiful to me and gets my immediate love. It need not matter if I personally like the art style because there will be someone out there who will and I can at least take something away from each piece even if it isn't my style.  I'm not saying I'm artistic like them, but I do a lot of art at home and grew up with it around so I have a understanding and appreciation for others expression knowing how much passion and love it takes to make something. Second, this is  FOR the community and this IS people from the community so it can be something that everyone can contribute to. Even if your contribution is just showing up and giving love, it's just as important as the artist being there. I love any reason to bring people together, all kinds of people, for a common community goal and activity.I will be back and the next time a tourist friend from back home wants to know the real Vegas, I'll try to tell them to come to First Friday among other local haunts and events. Next time I'll just make sure it's not so damned hot when I go. Talk about heat stroke!!!...I was feeling so off and crazy at the end of the day that Van Gogh and I can go ear to ear and trade madness stories over some Absinthe...
5	This was my 4th visits to FF!  It was one of the best time being with Yelpers, yay!!!  Whenever I am in this event, It reminds me of  the town that I used to live in Seattle(Broadway Capitol Hill area) :p   So many things to experience with your eyes; the gallery walk, handmade jewelries, street musicians, dancers, magicians, antique shops, & great snacks of course...  There were many great original art pieces by local artists including photographs that you could purchase with affordable price.  It seemed the dry heat didn't really matter to anyone-a dry heat is more bareable than humid heat to me anyways -.-;;;  I had 2 tasty sliders & a glass of Fat Tire beer with me as I walked through the street event. I had a blast with all the ppl from YELP & love to do it again in the near future!  Oh, we all eneded up going to DCR for Summer Cocktail Drinks~~it was very refreshing!!  Made home safe with one big happy smile on my face :p ***
3	Have you ever had the experience where you are hungry for so many hours or days that when you finally eat something, it's the best food ever?  Even something as simple as fast food becomes overwhelmingly delicious after a prolonged period of hunger.That's pretty much how I feel about First Friday in Las Vegas.  It's art in Vegas and we don't have enough.  There's very little public art in this town, but on the first Friday of the month all of a sudden downtown is caught in a flash flood of art, artists and general creative types.  The streets have art and the homes that you thought were boarded up open their doors and turn out to be galleries.  And it is glorious to let the rushing waves of art sweep you along after so much time in the empty desert.Even though I attend almost every First Friday in Vegas, I can't justify a ranking above three stars.  The quality of the artwork is severely lacking in some galleries.  And some artists seem to have hung all their work without editing which pieces should be displayed and which ones just aren't good enough.  While it's amazing to see this rush of art in Vegas, it's depressing that the art isn't better in a city this big.  There are some real gems here and there (Brett Wesley Gallery puts together a solid show each month and there's usually at least one solid show in the Arts Factory), but overall most of the art sits at high school or college freshman level of quality. Don't get me wrong, I'm pro-creativity and pro-creation.  We need art.  We need more art.  We need an artists community.  First Friday is a solid first step.  But for an area with an estimated population of 1 million in 2010, the quality of the pieces should be a lot better.
4	First Friday has become THE monthly cultural event for Las Vegas. Live music, artists working their trades,special events, food and drink - it is really a great time. And it keeps growing and getting better all the time! Muchos thanks to Cindy Funkhouser and all the folks putting this together. July's event was one of the biggest, even in the heat of a Las Vegas summer night! It clearly is a lot of work to put these together but it's making downtown the place to go on the First Friday of the month!!!
2	ok I think MAYBE I had a different expectation of this event... What I expected... was a lot more artists and some more street vendors...  I also thought it would be a different kind of crowd.What I found is a bunch of people just hanging out and drinking. Now granted, there are some phenomenal artists. I especially liked the artists located in Blue Sky Yoga. Definitely hooked myself up with some funky and fresh bracelets and necklaces. Found some fun artwork too. One of the artists even talked to me about maybe doing a painting of my shih-tzu Mollie Mae. I will write a review on her just on her own.. she was GREAT! I was noticing that some of the reviews were saying that it would be good for kids...I personally don't think so.  There is waaaayyyy to much alcohol, and the crowd was kind of rough. We didn't eat there due to a really nasty smell. I don't know if it was a grease trap or a backed up sewer but EWWWW!I do give props out there to the street artists out there. I love it when people put themselves out there. But I was really hoping for something like the gaslamp district - maybe a little higher end and not just a huge drinking party. It would be great to have something with alot of culture and diversity here in Las Vegas.  San Diego , San Francisco, New York all have wonderful street fairs, and art festivals.  It would be awesome to have some of the same here.
5	This was my first time at First Friday.  Some friends who are much cooler than me asked me to go.  We parked at the El Cortez and took the shuttle at the corner of 6th street to the event.  It was really easy catching the shuttle.  It was not really easy getting a ride back so we just took an $8 cab back to the El Cortez.There were a lot of people.  This is some fantastic people watching.  We ate some slider truck and H & H BBQ.  We had some vodka and redbulls from someone's backyard.  We didn't get to check out a lot of the art work because we were too busy eating and drinking.  I did see some really cool pieces.  I plan on going back next month.  Hopefully, I will be able to drag myself away from the food long enough to really check out the music and art.  Great, cheap way to spend an evening.
2	It's nothing too special to write about. Only a few short blocks of food vendors and artists. A couple live bands and a violinist. Glad we came down to check it out, but the price taxi ride down there from our hotel was insane. Could have had a nice dinner instead. Been there, done that. Another festival to cross off my list.
5	It's funny, a former co-worker told me about this event (several years ago) but I only recently went to the fun-filled event this year- about four times, usually with one friend, but skipped the hot summer months (prone to heat stroke plus some places aren't AC equipped or they don't turn it on). The very first time I went, we missed so much! It's such a wide area to cover- a lot of walking, so I would advise against wearing stilettos, function/comfort over fashion. The last time I went (November 2010), I went with a couple friends, my husband, and his uncle. We split up a few times, (easy to do in a large crowd) but managed to meet up again. As the art is purchased (most of the art is for sale, unless noted otherwise), the exhibits change, and many of the art does rotate- so you may see some of the same pieces, but then again, might not. Every medium is represented (paint, spray paint, photographs, cards, sculpture, etc.), but you will see most of it is paint or drawings. I even saw an artist working on a mandala- neat! There is so much to see- so much talent to discover. I love it. Then again, I have always been into art. It's such an asset to the city of Las Vegas- a free event to be enjoyed by all.Some of the galleries are: Brett Wesley, the Arts Factory, Cob4lt Blu3 Gallery (one of my favorites), City of the World (eclectic collection in this converted single story home), Trifecta Gallery, Southwestern Scenery ((beautiful photographs), Southern Nevada Center of the Arts (another one of my fab, Laura Henkel, Circadian Galleries- but this is just a small mention of what is readily available.The crowd that you will see ranges from the dressed-in-drag Rocky Horror Picture Show, zombies (Halloween), cute little princesses (think Disney, but cuter and shorter dresses), older people (seniors), teens, families- strollers and all, alternative types like tattooed and pierced goth, the 1940s/1950s era rockabilly/pinup types, evangelists, breakdancers, performance artists, free hugs people, vendors, and about everybody else in between. It's definitely great for people watching. I'm originally from San Francisco (The Haight is one of my favorite neighborhoods back home, just to give you an idea of where I am coming from), so I've seen it all before, believe me. Yes, there are some homeless people around, but they don't really bother you. Sometimes they are handing out flyers or t-shirts (bail bonds). Oh and yes, you might smell something other than cigarette smoke if you know what I mean; just a warning (but if you've been to so many concerts like me (35+), you know what to expect at these crowds).Food vendors at the heart of the event include: The Slider Truck, Pizza, BBQ, bottled water. Participating restaurants in the area include: Thai BBQ, Casa Don Juan (on Main Street- more tables are situated on the sidewalk for your convenience), & Naked City Sandwiches (on Las Vegas Blvd.)- I've been to all three places BTW. Live music performances by groups are usually in the center of the event- Colorado Street (this area is blocked off). Sometimes down the way is a rave-like party in the street, or sometimes a band playing at the Gypsy Den. You will see breakdancers (talented group of guys), a hypnotist, and other performers like singers, or a huge drum group ensemble (this was the coolest by far- I love drum beats). Thrift/antique shops include: The Funk House (nice collection of vintage jewelry, I saw so many pretty pieces), Retro Vegas (so cool, it's like seeing what your grandparents or parents had in their homes).For sale, besides art, include: handmade jewelry, greeting cards (Andy Slocum- think "The Far Side" but edgier), buttons (so many people selling), even used tattoo needles (gross- seriously?). FYI: no glass bottles or cans are allowed at this event. If you park at the Clark County government building, you can take a trolley over to the event. Parking can be tricky, if you don't get there early. If you can, donate online at www.firstfriday-lasvegas.org. Will definitely be back, excluding the hot summer months.
5	First Friday is an art walk, street bazaar and mini-festival that takes place in Las Vegas's quirkiest neighborhood which has recently been renamed 18b. It's not perfect, but the organizers of the event are doing the best with what they have, which is quite admirable. I really wish there were more efforts put into restoring the 18b area, because that area is somewhat scary when it's not First Friday (and even on First Friday you have to watch your back a lot). If there were more cafes, stores, places to hang out and say, it were more well-lit I would practically live there. There's almost something for everyone. One gallery I highly recommend is Mitchell Todd's Just J Art on the 2nd floor of the Arts Factory. Amazing, multi-dimensional pieces made by a totally awesome guy (seriously, the world would be a much better place if more people were like him). He's also very nice and completely approachable so don't hesitate to ask if you don't get one of his pieces. There are also quite a few unlikely venues (such as 8 Ball Bail Bonds. It's a bail bond office that has art all over the walls and giant room in the back which can be used as a dancefloor as well as a stage above which hosts rap concerts. The thing that makes it extra funny is that a bonds officer was sitting at her desk, still working as if nothing was going on.). Other things that can be found are hip hop dance crews, booths for fortune telling and tarot card readings as well as various food booths. (I hear that sometimes Fukuburger and the Slider Truck are there as well)Don't think Vegas has any culture? Just come here and see it all for yourself.
4	A collection of Art, Music, Food, Drink, and good times.....First Friday is a monthly event held in the Downtown Las Vegas arts district.  I'm not sure if you can call it a 'district', but it's the closest thing Vegas has to what outsiders and new residents refer to as 'culture'.  The streets are blocked off and food vendors, art vendors, galleries, and music stages pepper the surrounding area......think of a massive block party or small festival.I enjoy coming down here with the family from time to time to check out the scene.  It gets really crowded, so it's difficult to really appreciate the art if you're into a more quiet and calm setting like I am.  One First Friday I saw a guy smoking inside the Arts Factory gallery.....that's crazy, the smoke can ruin the artwork!  Of course, nobody said anything to him.....and when I mentioned it, he gave me a "who the F___ are you?!" look and walked away.  *sigh*  Some people come to First Friday for the party and not the art.....that's cool, but not really my style.There's a lot of local musicians represented down here and a few stages where they perform.....it's kind of cool to see local bands perform since there aren't too many places in Vegas to listen to them.  There's usually a few food trucks and concession stands as well as restaurants down here.  We rarely eat at the event though as the lines can get very long and we don't really enjoy our meals when there's nowhere to sit and enjoy the food.  Definitely worth a trip if you've never been before though.Some TIPS:- Parking is very difficult to find.  There is paid valet parking at the Arts Factory on the corner of Charleston & Main St, but it fills up quickly.  Street parking close to the event is sometimes hard to find too.....my recommendation is to get there early or be patient to find a spot.- Wear comfortable shoes.  The First Friday event covers a few city blocks, so if you want to get the full experience be prepared to walk.- Bathrooms are a premium.  Because of the large crowds, expect long waits at the restroom.  The Arts Factory has one, some of the smaller galleries around the area won't let you use their private bathroom....keep that in mind.- If you bring your kids, make sure you keep an eye on them.  It's easy to lose them in the crowd and remember that you're on the streets of Downtown Las Vegas.....not a cool place to lose your kid at night.Overall, it's a pretty cool experience if you know what to expect.Return Factor - 80%
5	I love First Friday.  I can't think of anything clever or witty to open this review like I usually do, all I can say is that I love First Friday!First Friday, occurring appropriately on the first friday of every month, is a large community event in the Arts District in downtown Las Vegas.  It's an arts festival, local music festival, and street bazaar all rolled into one.  Who comes to First Friday?  Practically everyone.  Scene kids, hipsters, tourists, artists, musicians, you get an overall feel for an entire community at every event.  I have seen a trio of people dressed in referee zebra stripes and tight shorts "officiating" a game of ping pong on a artist's table, people dressed as zombies and vampires, a girl with a "free hugs" sign (she was a good hugger!), a guy with a "free hugs" sign to considerably less success than his female counterpart, and just overall original, expressive individuals!  It's fun to walk around and go to the building to see the art on display.  The people who come here are very friendly and open, so it's easy to start a conversation with people.  Be sure to check out which bands are doing shows in the area, the jazz bands in particular are excellent.  The Slidin Thru truck often comes here, so you can find good food through them.  There are also a ton of street vendors and little shops, and you can find almost anything, including clothing items to unleash your inner hipster.While the downtown area can be scary at nighttime, there are so many people here that you feel safe and secure.  But be sure that you always go with a friend.  After the event ends around 10, be sure to hit up afterparties at the exceptional (and in my opinion underrated) downtown bars and lounges.  My favorite is The Griffin, but that place gets PACKED after First Friday, so you might be better off going to other places.PROS:It's culture in Las Vegas!  Ooh, aah!Friendly, unique and sometimes bizarre peopleThe art!  Tilt your head while looking at it an appreciate it :)The music!Great afterparty venues!CONS:Parking and navigating in downtown can be tricky.THE VERDICT:  If you're a local, you need to go here.  If you're a tourist, and you happen to be in Vegas on the first friday of the month, you need to go here.
3	This place is great because Vegas needs art. Just about anyone comes here, from cross dressers to old people, but mostly you get all these kids who do nothing but sit around and pretend they're so cool and edgy. They don't really bother actually going to the art galleries.Speaking of art galleries, there isn't much rotation of artists happening. I've been here several times and it's usually the same group of artists. Granted there are those jewels you find every once in a while. You'll enjoy all the hand made crafts and knick knacks. Finding a parking spot is easy if your early. Bathrooms are a rare sight, some galleries don't allow you to use their private bathrooms. After parties are awesome.
2	Maybe I'm missing something. But this art walk was low on art, high on some piss-poor lunch trucks and snack vendors. I thought it sucked.I was really looking for the art. And the "walk" part of it.  It was very small and mostly reminded me of a high school carnival.  Was I in the wrong place?I was "carded" when I came in by a kid around 17 who never removed the cigarette from his lips as he spoke to me. We saw some musicians busking, but they were so close together, it was mostly just noise and people running into each other.There were some adults, a handful of older people and couples, but mostly high schoolers in a lot of eyeliner and hoodies wandering around, smoking and saying fuck a lot.I'm no prude -- I've done all those things -- but it just wasn't the environment I was expecting based on the website's description. "...once a month the pedestrian-friendly streets transform into a huge block party during FIRST FRIDAY. Each celebration, the entertainment shifts and multiplies as ice sculptors, fire breathers and fortune tellers serve as a back-drop for this ongoing festival of art perusal and appreciation. Local bands perform throughout the evening, and the streets turn into canvasses for children (young and old) to decorate with chalk. FIRST FRIDAY is a stage for local galleries and Las Vegas' vital Downtown cultural scene. It's a place to meet friends new and old, and rejoice in the preservation and innovation of an historical neighborhood. In this land of suburbs and strip malls, visitors come from near and far to people-watch, sample new restaurants and revel at area bars."Huge was an overstatement. I didn't see one fortune teller, fire breather, ice sculptor, restaurant or bar. I saw a little "art" (a talented cartoonist and some cheesy postcards).  I saw a mediocre comedian who seemed out of place.I honestly saw no art galleries. Maybe one, if that Funky House thing on the corner was an art gallery.Where was the "beautiful streetscape" they mentioned?  We felt like we just were encased in a little cul-de-sac between some garages and some run-down shops.I love local history, local culture, I love old, I don't mind run-down. But it didn't live up to the hype.I'm convinced we must have been in the wrong place or there was a lot more we didn't see.  But we couldn't get past all the teens and there were no signs or information about where to begin or how to get there or where to park or anything.  So we just guessed and followed the people... and left after doing one lap and eating a smashed Chipwich.I likely won't be back unless someone can tell me where to be.
5	My favorite day of the month!! Lots of music n entertainment n art. The bbq stand out front of the gypsy den is amazing. The gypsy den has music in the front and in the back. There's bands on the street. More at the Arts factory and at the local studios.  They even alow dogs.
2	So did anyone go to the last First Friday event? (It was on May 5th, 2011)That was really, really weird. Cages all around the street festival on Casino Center, event staff members checking everyone and I saw at least 50 cops/security guards standing around. I quickly left that area (cops make me feel uncomfortable.....must be a black people thing), and a few hours later I heard rumors of cops strolling through the main event area and shutting it down. ........WTF? I'm definitely going next month, but if it's like that again, sorry, but that's gonna take the fun out of it.
3	Just went to First Friday for my first time this past Friday. I'd never been before, because I don't think going to the revelry that happens after 10 PM on Fremont East really counts. I have done that - but this was my first time in the arts district part of the party.Somehow I found a parking space, not sure how I pulled it off, but I parked in a dirt lot where a bunch of other cars were chilling. I did get there kind of late (about 9 PM) so I'm guessing some people had already left and in turn left empty spots. Hit up Downtown Vintage Guitars first to listen to a guy doing some beat boxing - interesting. Then headed down to the Gypsy Den and took a look the booths set up with people selling their art and other things. Don't get me wrong, I have an appreciation for art, but I don't like it enough to really get into it. Plus I'm definitely not going to buy anything, but that's just me.My friend and I heard some sounds of a band wafting toward us so we grabbed a couple drinks and then listened to the band that was set up on the street. We only caught the last couple songs which was kind of disappointing, but ah well. At this point my friend and I just took a seat on the sidewalk curb and people watched.Overall I did like the live music. I'd like to go back and concentrate on just seeing the live music. However, the art really doesn't matter that much to me so it was pretty much overlooked. As for the crowd and the feel of the whole event, I was struck dumb by how many underage kids were there. I think some of them had to be in middle school. That was kind of weird for me.I can't help but compare this to Sparks Farmers Market which happens in Reno, Nevada where I went to college. Except the Farmers Market was much more contained and on a really, really nice street that was always set up nicely and was easy to navigate. Plus the Farmers Market was on a street with a lot of awesome pubs and places to eat. I think Vegas could really fine tune First Friday into a sweet event. Just gotta keep it up and keep improving it.And as a final note - I was really surprised by the amount of Metro presence. I mean I understand the need for security, but so many Metro officers? Too much police makes people feel uncomfortable. I would be the last person to say anything bad about a police officer, but there's a fine line you must walk when running an event. Couple police officers - okee dokee. Multiple police officers who look like they are there and on the verge of peppering the crowd with rubber bullets? Not good.
4	I am from Seattle and really miss the art and culture I grew up with.  I have heard about first friday and have blown it off for a year or so, thinking there was no way it could compare to what I am used to.  I attended first friday for the first time last month and was pleasantly surprised.  It, of course, couldn't REALLY compare... but it was the best attempt at something of that nature I have seen since I have been in Las Vegas.There were nice little booths with friends vendors selling artwork and jewelry.  There were food carts and street performers.  Everyone seemed to be in a genuinely good mood and it was really quite refreshing.The parking was a little outrageous and towards the end of the night it was obvious that a younger crowd was showing up to do the partying on Fremont.  So I will definitely show up a bit early next time.
5	We were told by some locals to go and others that it was over rated, it is a must go if you like music and a fun video light show. It was amazing and if you like to zip line... You can do it while the videos are going own, looked awesome( I don't zip line). Lots of good people watching also. Just a short bus ride from the strip to downtown, get off on freemont street and you are there!
4	Colorful people, colorful artwork, and local craft makers are all on display at this creative Mecca. It was my first First Friday since I moved back to Vegas and how has it grown over the years. I remember the dinky little showings and the few art galleries, but now it has evolved to become a central point of Las Vegas culture. Street performers, bands, and local businesses are all here in this explosion of artistic expression. One of the neatest stands out there was the burse booth. Taking a book and turning it into a bag is a brilliant idea. What is more hipster than to show how much of a scholar you are and rubbing it in everyone's face? Nothing, but as an added bonus, the rebind all the pages of the book so that you can read it. I was impressed with the selections. Nathaniel Hawthorne+,  Jane Austen+, Emily Bronte... pushing it, Stephani Meyer... NOW YOU HAVE GONE TOO FAR. We got to gift wrap one today for the Yelp event and a few of the Yelpers didn't look like they wanted to give it back. This was only one of the many wonderful local businesses out tonight. If hunger strikes while out wandering, do not fret, many a food trucks are out and the lines are nowhere as ridiculous as the Streats events.
4	First Friday is one of my favorite Vegas activities. I've been attending on and off for about two years now and can say it has evolved a bit over that time.  I've heard it was shut down for a bit as there was some issues over who ran things but glad to see it's back.   For those who haven't been there are two locations; one near Fremont St and another near Charleston & Main, I prefer the latter. Once can usually find parking near 4th and Colorado.  Walk west to the Colorado and Casino Center intersection then go north and enjoy the festivities.    You could say there is something for everyone, everyone who appreciates good eats, interesting arts, and libations that is.   The food trucks and art vendors rotate out, there are some regulars.  I'm too lazy to go into detail on everything there, besides it would ruin the surprise.  You should go and check it out yourself!   Safety notes: lot's of people there, while Metro is always out in force and I've never had a problem I'm sure there are pickpockets and other undesirables looking for an easy score, don't enjoy too many good beers and watch out!
5	Cool place to find art and hang out with friends.
4	Love that they have gotten this back up and going for the community. It is much needed for Las Vegas to have this. Getting to experience All the art music and tasty food always makes for a good Friday evening!
4	I've only been to First Friday after it was taken over by Tony Hsieh of Zappos fame, so I can't compare it to the original festival.  But I have now gone three times since November and have had a ton of fun every time.On Casino Center between Charleston and Colorado, the street is closed and filled with artists, musicians, and food trucks.  There is also a section of 3rd Street and the lot by Bar + Bistro closed down to make room for a few more vendors.  Most of the downtown stores stay open late this night for your shopping pleasure.The first thing I usually do is hit up a food truck to get something to munch on while I check out the art.  Even if you have no intention of buying anything (like me) it's still fun to see what people have designed and how creative they can be.  I always wind up feeling a little inspired.I grab some more food and then I'm off to look at more art, maybe walk into a gallery or the Gypsy Den, or check out some of the musicians.  The last time we were there (February) we heard a guitar playing duo perform some really great covers of The Killers and Adele.The first two times my husband and I went to First Friday it was bitterly cold and we got in pretty early (6ish).  I think these two things factor into the crowd we've been seeing- not a ton of people and mainly younger couples with a few hipsters thrown in.  But for the February event (which was warmer) we did notice a lot more people and a lot more high-school aged kids.  I'm interested to know what the crowd will be like come June.While not perfect yet, I have to give props to Tony and his team for really making First Friday more accessible to the community.  It's nice to have an event that caters to the locals and not all the tourists drinking down on the Strip.  I can definitely seeing this growing and improving over time and really being a huge benefit to the Arts District.Get down to First Friday and support some local businesses and artists!
3	My 1st First Friday yesterday 3/2/12 :)It's an awesome idea...feels kind of like a teenage hang out walking around though.Likes:The breakdance crewA few of the bands were goodDJ's were good for the most partThe comedy factor of some of the bands/dj's etc...like the guy DJ'ing in the back of his monster truck that would introduce the songs and used a blown out speaker...hilariousMy friends stand for girly stuff - feathers, bracelets, etc :)Disliked:Lack of quality foodLack of really good art
4	I have not been to 1st Friday since last year. I used to go every month. It was nice to see just how big it has become. There are so many more food vendors and all the wonderful artists and their art. I saw alot of amazing art.It was also the special Burning of Lucy..so there were alot of Burning Man peeps roaming around all flying that freak flag proudly!It was such a great show before the burn. Unfortunately there were some people that didnt have a clue about "Burners". People were screaming at the performers who were doing a great job playing with fire, hula hooping etc.I had to yell at some douchey Jersey Shore wannabe & tell him to go home. he was so rude. Idiots.But for the most part it was a really great night..even with the horrible parking situation..which was hopefully because of the burn.I will be coming back every month to get my dose of art & culture.
5	What a great showcase for the 19B arts district, and the rebuild of DOWNTOWN LAS VEGAS!!!
3	We came here during the burning show girl event. We wrongfully assumed that First Friday took place on Fremont St so we had cab it to the Art District. We got there in time for the event but was a bit disappointed that the replica didn't even look like a show girl ! I was imagining that scene from the old 80's movie "The Legend of Billy Jean where they burn a big replica of Billie Jean with Pat Benatar singing in the back round "We will be invincible". My imagination was fizzled when I saw the big heap of wood. People were getting antsy waiting for it to burn ...they kept chanting "The roof ...the roof is on fire ...we don't need no water let the motherf%#@er burn! When it finally burned it was okay. This event is mainly for adults and teens I didn't see too many little kids. I don't think it would be a good idea to bring little kids here because there are a lot of drunk people stumbling around. If you want to blend in don't wear bright yellow like me. Practically everyone was wearing black except for other people wearing wedding dreses, antlers and stuff. I enjoyed going into the houses that were set up as mini art galleries . There is a lot of talented artists in Vegas and it's nice to know that they have a place to display their work. First Friday kind of reminds me of the weekly street fair they have in Palm Springs minus the family friendly vibe. I think this can grow into something great with time and community support!
1	I may not ever come back-All I could think of was "It took me a damn hour to find parking" and "I wanna hit someone,anyone." This may be just as big of collection of douchbags as the strip on NYE. I felt sorry for all the artists down there, trying to make a living,when all the people who go there are just there to drink, people watch, and party. I didn't witness one person making a sale, and thievery MUST be incredible to fend off there.To kick off the night, we thought we'd be able to park at the stratosphere and catch the tram,like the website says all over it. The valet was nice enough to come out and inform us otherwise.So we drove down there at about 8,found parking at 9, stayed maybe an hour,wading through a bunch of drunks, and finally left after being way less than impressed. It's a damn good thing it's free, because I WOULD have hit someone after spending money just to get in that mess.
3	First Friday Las Vegas is an event that is fun to attend, but it needs a bit more work. Having been to the event when it was run by Whirlygig, things have improved substantially since the Zappos backed team has taken it over. The March First Friday event was one of the best events yet with the regional Burning Man group having their "Lucky Lady Lucy" burn that was heavily publicized and drew a lot more people than normal. First the good: I enjoy exploring the various shops along Main St. that stay open during the event. The Arts Factory is an absolute can't miss part of First Friday. If you see nothing else during the event, go there. Food Trucks: For those who don't chase down the trucks or follow them closely this is a great place to get exposure to some of them. Vendors: From handmade crafts to Burses by Ammy to Aliu soap (great soap by the way), there's a little bit of everything here, and it seems to be getting better each month. The bad:Where's the art? In other cities First Friday is about the ART. Outside of the Arts Factory or Emergency Arts, art is scarce. Crowd Management / pedestrian flow. Ever wanted to feel like a sardine in a can? First Friday can offer you that experience. Police Presence: Does half of Metro work First Friday? Some of those officers would be better assigned to working the strip instead, IMHO. The Ugly: Fremont Street feels like it's an afterthought. When I asked the people working the Info booth  on Casino Center about Fremont Street they said there was nothing going on down there. Yet when I went over there I found a lot to see. Parking: Good luck. If you get there early you can get a space 5 blocks away or maybe closer. As the event goes on I've had to park as far as the Bonneville Transit Center and walk in. Tow Truck Vultures: Park in the wrong place? Literally the tow trucks were circling the block waiting for you to walk away so they could hook up and go. And they were laughing about how many tows they were getting. Some of us remember the night the tow trucks towed cars out of lots that were allegedly posted with no parking signs. The State of Nevada sanctioned a tow company over that. But from what I saw that state slap didn't discourage the tow trucks from being VERY AGGRESSIVE in getting tows. Summary: Wear good long distance walking shoes, triple check your parking or cab it in, and make sure you check out the Arts Factory and Emergency Arts.
3	First Friday was an Arts Festival, but now it's just a Street Festival that happens to be in the Arts District.  While it was fun for a Street Festival, I miss the focus on the Arts & the Artists.Last night was pure chaos... and hardly any Art to be found.  Drunks, teens, fights.. sure.  Art?  Not so much.  What I saw last night could have been in Sunset Park just as easily, and with less traffic/parking problems.
1	Can whomever is in charge of parking for First Friday put down the bong? So I followed the advice on their website and went to the Old City Hall Parking Garage...which was empty! For free parking for First Friday I expected to see cars! And a shuttle! But no...only a handful of cars and not a shuttle to be seen...you gotta walk to El Cortez to catch a shuttle. And when you make it over there a 40 minute wait for a shuttle is routine. Rather than write another chapter of War & Peace, here's the quickie version. Parking: Not well thought out. At all. Quite frankly it sucks. Shuttle: Pain in the rear to get to, cool as heck to ride, route they take makes no sense.  Art: Please show me some art! Paintings! Sketches! Not flea market crap I can find off an exit ramp along the Interstate in Arizona. ART!!!! LOCAL ARTISTS!!! If you have First Friday in the Arts District for Pete's sake have some dang ART!!!!Food Trucks: I wanted to check out SlidinThru and see if I could give them a second chance. The line made me say that's not going to happen. The food truck placement is working a bit too well to draw traffic. Security: When someone moves an art car and 8 LVMPD officers show up it might be a sign you're a bit overstaffed on security. Live Music: Thank you Skull Candy for headphones that work well as it drowned out the screech fest. Before I turned them on...what I heard was not good.In short First Friday is slipping. And even with Zappos throwing money at it...it's not enough. The people running this just don't get it. Tony Hsieh and Co. would be better off paying to ship the FF leadership to other cities just once to see how it's done. 1 Star: Because I regret wasting time to go to this one! It SERIOUSLY SUCKED.
1	I really really wanted to like First Friday and I even waited to post a review about it until I had the chance to experience its competition, the Vegas StrEATS festival held on second saturdays downtown near the El Cortez. The winner, hands down, for me was Vegas StrEATS. As other reviewers have noted, FF is highly unorganized. The crowd is less than desirable to say the least and there doesn't seem to be any sort of mechanism to control which vendors are participating and where they're supposed to be located. There was no method to the madness, only madness. A lot of people were running around screaming (for no apparent reason) and the sheer amount of high, inappropriately dressed teenagers was off-putting. I hope FF pulls it together as it seemingly used to be a great downtown event.
4	Just wanted to update since my last review.  I've been to First Friday a couple of times right when it opens.  At that point in the night, the crowd isn't too large, the lines aren't too long at the food trucks, and it's mainly a calmer group of people.I just went back this month but got there at about 10:30.  It was a whole other ball game.It was packed, garbage was everywhere, there were hundreds of high-school kids that thought they looked cool smoking, I waited a half hour at Slidin' Thru only to be told they were out of nearly everything, a giant fight with dozens of high-schoolers broke out, cops were sprinting down the street after who knows what, helicopters were shining spotlights into the crowd....Don't get me wrong, I still had fun- I was just much more careful about who was around me and what they were up to.  Think of this as the nitty gritty Vegas and you might have a better idea of what to expect.  It's not really a festival for the faint of heart.I considered going down a star, but figured it wasn't fair since I have a good time earlier in the evening.  If my review was solely based off this last experience, I would probably be singing a different tune right now.Note to the parents of Las Vegas: you need to get your children under control.  I seriously could not believe how many high-school aged kids were here smoking, getting into fights, and stumbling around from being drunk.  I saw two girls that had to be carried down Charleston by their friends because they couldn't walk on their own.  I'm talking 16-year olds.  /End rant.
5	It's all wonderful... Everybody, who is local or just one time attendee, knows that FF is a black hole. Not the idea, but the outcome. It's all about how you present. "Nobody throws down the empty beer can on shiny museum floor...", am I right? You wont do it, because the crowd leads. Clean up the mess and the original idea of FIRST FRIDAY art festival will shine through. BUT WHO IS GOING TO DO IT? WHO IS GOING TO FINALLY PUT A FOOT DOWN? I was hoping for Zappos.... It takes time and effort. Who is the executive? Who is managing the whole event? CLEAN UP, WASH THE CROWD, WASH THE ARTIST WHO PARTICIPATE, PUT THE RULES. Don't be afraid of not making an extra buck of not allowing public drinking at the event, plenty of bars are opened that night. Take a control of the situation. Make one strong point a couple of times and the crowd will get it. They will appreciate you. Don't let First Friday grow like an abandon child. Where is the father and mother, who sometimes need to be strict in order to get a pleasant result. Don't get me wrong, I'm not complaining about management, my respect to these people who started and continuing to support this walk, but, please, be aware of what you are growing it into. Lead it, take a control of it. Best wishes
5	WOW- Every month it gets better and bigger!  Joey and Jake have great ideas for the future! There is something for everyone to enjoy at these events!!!
1	Ugh...just returned from my First Friday experience. and I need to take a bleach shower. Unfortunately, I could not find ANY art, anywhere...just the same old faux cool, dark, post-punk, comic book, psycho-sexualized popular culture garbage that everyone is trying to pass off as art. You know, the constant knockoffs of already tired cultural icons.. glitter paint by number portraits of Johnny Cash and Bruce Lee, Batman pornography, chollo Mickey Mouse  gang-banger tee shirts...oh, and let's not forget Betty Paige...she's always "original." Everything designed to shock and offend, nothing to elevate perception or experience. Looked in vain to find something original, inspiring or beautiful...NO luck., just lots of ugly, third rate pop culture garbage. Seems lots of people are devotees of the Andy Wharhol School. Plenty of tacky flea market style jewelry stands, lots of unruly drunk/high, aggressive high school kids with loud and filthy mouths...trash everywhere, oh...and getting back to the "art" the majority of "work" revolves around central themes of skulls, death, pain, violence and hopelessness because as several artists told me, "death and suffering is always mysterious  and cool. It's what's selling now." Oh...kayyyyy...if it really is true that art reveals the character of a culture, then we are all probably in BIG, BIG trouble. I know better than to ever do that again to myself.
4	Good diversity. Pet friendly venue. Good to have cash for side vendors. Food trucks have always made its oresence in this scene.Get a corn with all the toppings you desire !
5	Awesome. Great vendors great food
4	This is definitely a great "to-do" event in Las Vegas.The scene has drastically changed since I've been here a few years ago. It has become more family friendly and there are a lot more activities for children and adults to enjoy. In the past, it served more of an artsy crowd. Now, there's everything from DJs, dance floors, a street filled with food trucks and even a..petting zoo? Yeah, there's a little bit of everything now.I tried Slidin' Thru for the very first time that night. The burgers met my expectations. YUM! I never tried White Castle but I imagine that they would taste like this. Maybe Slidin' Thru is better than White Castle, I don't know (maybe I should ask Harold or Kumar). The drinks are slightly expensive but that's expected. That's why my buddy and I just packed our own beer. I recommend just B.Y.O.B. and be frugal!Parking will be a slight pain, so thats why I just paid $5 that night. I hate paying for parking but if I think about how Cali would easily charge $15 or $20 in some areas like downtown L.A. or San Diego, it's justifiable. Plus, I even feel somewhat safer knowing that a parking security is patrolling the area (because Downtown isn't the safest of areas).All in all, I think the folks that took over First Friday really did a killer job. It's definitely a family-friendler venue than when I visited in the past. I'm booking to go next month for sure!
5	First Friday Las Vegas started after I had already graduated high school. Born and raised in Vegas, I had to come back from college to check out this event.  I remember coming through, walking into the Arts Factory and seeing crazy things I had never before seen. I remember the heat, the parking in the desert, the sculptures and the music.Now, here is an event that is similar in feel but reaches 10x the audience. It is the only time and place that we can come together as a community to enjoy each other, local art, local food, local music, local expression. As an auxiliary member of the small team of organizers I have seen first hand the struggles that come with planning and executing an event every 4 weeks for the largest gathering of community in this town. Every month the team receives more artist applications, more food truck applications, more music applications. They come up with themes each month. They program an entire Kids Zone in a lot that comes alive to DJ's, a petting zoo, vendors, local entrepreneurs. And when the kids zone is gone, an empty lot remains- with no trace left behind. It's an impossible undertaking and somehow it materializes monthly. Streets get closed, sculptures rise, and we all come out to take advantage of the night and the adventures that await. We expect it to be there for us. And it always is. I see more teenagers out there finding their space. And since they're teenagers, they have their issues. But their issues aren't a reflection on the event organizers. Damn, when I was 15 years old growing up in this town I wish I had this space to be surrounded by friends and food and art. I didn't. Because it didn't exist.This event is a new paradigm for us locals, in a city where we could all use a little culture.  The best part of this, it happens outside of casinos and shopping malls and movie theaters. I'm grateful to have First Friday in this city. It's the closest thing we have to being a legitimate cultural hotbed. It's a glimpse of what happens when we get out of the suburbs and co-mingle. It is littered with the battles of our paradigm shift...but I wouldn't have it any other way.
4	I was impressed with First Friday because I feel it brings culture and community to Las Vegas. I lived in Vegas for 11 years and really appreciate what is growing in Downtown. I appreciate the art booths as well as the boutique/antique shops. I even watched a free yoga class that was going on and was tempted to participate except I was still with drink in hand. I ran into a lot of friends from the hotel and nightlife industry who had even brought their kids. There were many strollers to navigate through and it was satisfying to see families participate in this event.  I agree with some other reviews I have read on here, there are a lot of teens and crowds. I don't think they were a disturbance, aside from groups of them clustered together. I actually enjoyed watching a dance circle form where teens and an adorable 7year old, began break dancing and pop-locking. It's nice to see that teens have somewhere to hang-out that IS part of the community and exposes them to culture in this city. I went to high school in Vegas and I know the lack of "under 21" activities this city does not provide, so for me it is great that there is an event like this.  My advice to anyone with kids that is worried about the teenage crowds is to just go earlier and leave around 8:30 or 9pm. But, with all honesty, I never felt uncomfortable and in the least bit "not-safe." Bottom line, this was a good time and I will continue to support the local artists, retailers and sense of Vegas Community that First Friday creates. Cheers!
5	I went to First Friday In March for the first burning of Lucky Lady. I was always curious about Burning Man and knew they were collaborating on this event. I was blown away and the spectacle continued as this huge spaceship with smoke, fire, and dancers came blasting music by a DJ. It was a huge party with people dressed up in all different attires especially lots of Fake Fur. There was even a food truck that was a fire truck with Fire being blown out of it frequently. The streets were blocked off and set up with vendor booths. I found plenty of things that I wanted to purchase from jewelry to art. In another section there was also live music, which I loved. Taking a bus for free transportation was also an option. This is by far one of the funnest events Las Vegas has to offer and look forward to attending it when I can. Not to mention all the action that continues afterwards in my favorite Downtown Bars!
4	Just went last week to First Friday in September.  Definitely worth going to.Parking - Pain in the @#$.  Find a lot and if you have to, pay $5.  This way your car is safe.  Parking on the street is a do at your own risk proposition.Food - Note to self, lots of food trucks, but if you see there isn't a line for their food, go to the next truck. No line= food sucks. Line = worth the wait!Art - Plenty of good, bad and ugly things to see, but its art, so its subjective.  There's a bit of everything for everyone.Music - Sometimes there are bands, and last week there were some street performers and another area with a DJ.  Can be a bit of a hit and miss.People Watching - Wow, now this is why you go to First Friday.  Where else can you see folks dressed up promoting "Fairy Fest".  Then you have tattoo artists and all sorts of folks pitching their wares.  Ah celebrate diversity!Overall- Worth checking it out, but do it when it's cool out.
4	I hit up 1st Friday last night for the 2nd month in a row. I had such a great time. We stopped at 711 for drinks and walked around checking out every nook of this event. It has grown so much since it started 10 yrs ago.I even bought a cool piece of art!Can't wait to go back next month. The weather is perfect for it now.
5	I am a seamstress & set up a booth at First Friday every month. Love it! The people are awesome! It's amazing to see such a large group come together & show off the cultural side of Las Vegas. Let's face it! For a city that tears down the old & builds all new we need some cultural!!! Thanks to every one who attends & supports the arts community & local/small businesses! See you next First Friday :-D
4	I liked it & I'll go again.  We went early, parked by 6 pm, and left by 830 probably before the real crowd got there.  There is a lot of 'strange' people that come out for this event, so keep that in mind. In my opinion, they just add alittle extra flavor to the already unique and varied people watching.  Some of the things you will see here:   food trucks, kids playing violins for money, freaks of nature, people dressed up like they are going to the EDC even though it's a Friday night, local art work, costumes, lots of young kids, and people walking their kids and/or dogs.There was a lot of young kids in large groups walking around, dancing, and being loud so it's definitely a kid hang out when this event sets up shop.But if you want to walk around a bit, then dip out and go somewhere else, it's definitely a unique experience.
4	I've wanted to go to First Friday for a long time but I never seemed to get there.  Friday night, I had a ticket for the play "The Mineola Twins" at the Art Square Theatre in the heart of the downtown Arts District and thus I was thrust into the First Friday action.I didn't go as early as I could have to get a good parking spot and I opted not to take one of the shuttles.  I scouted a couple of side streets and ended up parking at Gass and 3rd which gave me only a 6 block walk.From the moment I got the vibe of the crowd, I knew I was hooked on First Friday.  It was enjoyable seeing the street performers, looking at some of the art (wow, some of it looks like something one of my 6th grade students did years ago), and smelling the most incense I've smelled since I was in grad school.  It was also a fun diversion to see Metro cuffing a guy on the hood of one of their cruisers.I was on a mission to find an ice cream truck but alas there was none to be found.  I ended up getting a deep fried Twinkie from one of the vendors.  No need to go inside the Mermaids Casino on Fremont Street now.  It was surprisingly good, but it's not something I'd buy on a regular basis.I will be back to First Friday when I can spend some more time and enjoy the vibes some more.  If December is an OK weather night, I'll be there.  It was great fun!
4	First Friday is a definite must for locals (or tourists needing a reprieve from the hustle and bustle of the Strip--it's a different kind of hustle).  We head there straight from work; there are food trucks for dinner, entertainment, and exercise walking up and down the street trying to see everything.  They've recently (within the last year) added a children's area to make it even more family friendly.   There is always a bunch of live music in addition to performers up and down the street.  If you go to FF and are bored, you're doing it wrong.  It is a nice change from the stereotypical Vegas atmosphere; local flavor, local culture, and a whole evening of entertainment.
1	Boyfriend and I went down to First Friday for the first time to volunteer at a Yelp event. We also walked through a bit and were pretty disappointed. FF is billed as an artsy street fair event. It is less mind-improving, culture-expanding art and more "it's all about the art, maaaaan". We were treated to an almost dead-on, but scary drunk Captain Jack Sparrow impersonator (I guess the drunk is part of the character, but he's a lot less charming when he's not Johnny Depp), a woman dressed as a giant pot leaf and hoards of underage kids smoking and being obnoxious. Oh, and did I mention the 15 year old girls running around with their asses hanging out of their "sexy Santa" costumes? This seems to be a place for "artists" to inflict their "craft" on innocent people and for their "fans" to behave badly. Other volunteers at the event told me that FF used to be a lot cleaner, better organized and actually feature a lot of great art. It sounds like it was a worthwhile community event some years ago, but, based on what I saw, it's high time for FF to be taken out back and shot.
4	Food trux, art, tons of people!If you enjoy any of these, you will enjoy Vegas' first Friday.  I originally came upon FF on my quest to get a Fuku Burger.  First thing we hit up was the truck and ion my surprise, found a line up of a bunch of other trucks hanging out in a lot. Squeal!!! There are a ton of artists selling their wares and a multitude of galleries open to the public. There were also many bars open and I even saw some flame throwers.  This is Vegas baby!If I happen to be in town during the First Friday of the month, I will definitely come back and enjoy the show.
5	there was soo much to do and see. Awesome event! Drinks Art Bands Fire Dancers Kids People Pets Stores FoodTrucks Bars...any and everthing you could want and more
4	My first First Friday experience was this past December. It was a blast. There were wild animals from Roos N More. Breakdancing, live music, tons of artists selling their work, food trucks up the wazoo, and the Yelp Toy Drive booth. You really couldn't go wrong here.    My buddy John, his gf and I went down and even though it was chilly as phook, we had a great time. I met up with Anthony M who was working the Toy Booth and made a contribution. I bought some Super Mario art posters because anyone who knows me, knows I'm a sucker for Super Mario anything. So now I just gotta find somewhere to hang those things. In addition to my first First Friday, I had my first Sliding Thru experience here, and it was ok, but I think slightly overrated. I know your first time is supposed to be special but this one left me a little unsatisfied, if I'm being honest. I tried a couple of the Barby sliders and fries. Will have to reserve judgement for when I try some of their other sliders. If you're into photography this place is a street photographer's gold mine. Got some cool shots of break dancers amongst many other random ass people, shops and objects. Overall, this made me amped to check out more First Fridays. It's worth the whole parking debacle.
2	I recently rented a tent at First Friday to showcase my paintings. The people running it are very nice and helpful.. But the crowds are terrible! People threw their trash right in front of my largest paining 3 times! Everyone wanted to take pictures but no body was willing to buy. I think first friday was awesome, but as time goes by it seems to be less about the art and more about becoming a swap meet. And it used to be a family event but now you cant walk 5 feet without smelling weed. I wish everyone there the best of luck but I will not be attending anymore.
4	If you are looking for a fun and unique event each month this is the place.  There is pretty much something for everyone.  The food selection from the gourmet food trucks, to downtown restaurants are all very good and normally have something special for 1st Friday.  The vendors are numerous and range from the completely bizarre to classic antiques with a little bit of everything in between.The people watching is some of the best off of the strip as well.  If you don't see a 12 inch spiked mohawk standing next to a business suit which is in line behind someone dressed as their favorite anime character, you are more than likely not at 1st Friday!  Metro has a strong presence, but doesn't interfere with the crowd or events unless there is a problem which I've never seen.  I would say it is pretty good for older teens, but not for kids.  There is at least one or two local bands going at any given moment, plenty of art galleries showing something new and cool little restaurants and pubs all around the area.The only real issue is parking, but if you don't mind walking a bit, that isn't much of an issue either.
3	Holy crap was this overwhelming.  I have been to First Fridays in various cities and this one was insane! Lots of cool vendors, local artists and food trucks, there was a lot to see but if you do not like massive crowd this would not be for you.  If you go during the late spring/early summer bring A LOT of water. I had fun here but I wasn't prepared for the massive crowd and incredible heat from walking around with all those people.
3	It was my first time going...Food trucks were the highlight for me.  Any and everyone is welcome and it clearly showed.  Felt a lot like Venice Beach with art and eclectic mixed in downtown LV.  One character who looked like he couldn't weigh 100 lbs wet walking around in camouflage pants with a skeleton body suit underneath who walks around and starts pop locking in the street...LOL.  We'll check it out again because we saw some cool stuff.  It was great to see such a huge, peaceful gathering.  Be prepared for mental stimulation.
4	We love going here every month because it's fun to see all of the vendors and try out different food trucks.I really wish that they would provide better crowd control and more seating in the food area.  One of the vendors was doing a performance in a busy intersection and it created such a traffic issue that I was worried about my niece getting trampled.  God forbid something bad happened, it could create such a catastrophe.   They should really expand the event somehow to create better flow.It might be better if they divided the trucks up more instead of creating a food alley as well because the lines get so long that they nearly cross the entire street to the opposite vendor sometimes.  Now that I am nearly 7 months pregnant it's a lot harder to eat here because there are not enough tables and chairs for everyone either.  Usually I don't have a problem sitting on the curb, but it's getting harder for me to get up and down now.  Because everything is as overcrowded as it is I may have to start skipping this event until after the baby is here.  We've been joking about bringing our own chairs and some tv dinner tables, lol.The kids area is a lot of fun with huge blocks to play with and usually face painting and some other activities.  It has an entrance with a security guard, and they will not allow alcohol in the area so it feels pretty safe.I hope this review does not seem too negative.  We always have a great time, but I just wanted to point out that the event has some real kinks in it that could be worked out to make it an even better event.
3	I see this becoming something big for the city and I wish they'd had this a long, long time ago. It's still in the developing stages but nonetheless it is a step forward as far as culture goes in Las Vegas. Hopefully it will be expanded. It closed at 11pm I think which is too early. I'd like to see an afterhours addition for the 21+ over crowd. I'm not really into the art side of it but it's a cool, laid-back sort of thing to go to just to hang out with friends. However, I don't see myself going to this during the hotter months and in my opinion this is not for kids or the elderly. It's gotten sooo crowded compared to when they first started this. It's almost not enjoyable because it's so crowded so they're definitely going to have to expand it. It's really hard to find parking too unless you don't mind walking a few blocks to get to all of the action. The food vendors have really taken this over which is a good thing. Overall, I'm excited about the new development and renovations happening downtown. Thumbs up.
4	Best advice especially if coming with kids- plan ahead parking and eating options.  Its very busy and easy to get disoriented in a crowd of 30,000!  Dont miss the opportunity to see new things and connect with the Arts Community Downtown.  I personally always stay by the 18b area so i can walk around to find special pop up galleries.  These are 1 of type showings for First Friday and can even be in private homes! I have also really enjoyed the experience a vendor too.  Artists rates are super resonable.Not to miss:Amanda Harris Gallery in Soho loftsEva Steil (photography usually at Blackbird Studios)Mingo"Green Street" on California & Casino Center
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 61/100The Las Vegas Science and Technology Festival has been celebrated all over the valley this past week and First Friday was no exception with 'Earth Sea and Sky' As we got there, my friends and I honed in on the welcome booth along Charleston when we saw a huge crowd forming. I couldn't believe my eyes. There it was, a real live Eastern Rock Eagle Owl named Hedwig (Harry Potter fans, wink wink)! I don't know how long my friends and I circled him, taking pictures with him, staring at him, but one thing stood true: witnessing a bird of prey that up-close was one of the most fascinating experiences I ever had. He was probably the biggest highlight of the night. More science booths could be found further down the road. Mad Science featured a cool process called 'rifling' by filling a trash container with fog from the fog machine. Its bottom was covered with transparent plastic and what passer-bys were encouraged to do was to pat the bottom and watch smoke spiral out of the trash container's mouth in a straight line - just like how a rifle bullet would. Besides the fun science, my galpal and I branched off and spent the rest of the night focused on trying out the food trucks instead of the art galleries for a change. With music in the background, we paced around and gave the twisted taters a shot - potato twirled around a stick. A little overrated, not so much flavor to it, even after seasoning. Baked Potato Truck (forgot its name) blew me away with their roasted sun dried tomato pesto ketchup. It was thick but not liquid-y, simple yet unique. My friend had a shish-kabob from one of the more popular booths, but sadly, that did not level up to what we expected. There was not enough salt/flavor to it and I felt like the marinade did not really seep through the meat. Self-serve yogurt was a good refresher, although I wouldn't trade it for yogurtland. Still, do come and look for this truck once June hits, because you'll need something to quench your thirst. Gotta put this out there how I'm still a great fan of recycled art and vintage wear. Local artists are finding awesome ways to creatively express themselves while doing the environment a favor and I absolutely applaud that. Am probably going to take a break next month and see what's fun in July or so. Great experience.
3	Due to work and transportation issues, the few times I've been to First Friday have been after 10PM. It becomes more of a block party at this time and some of the galleries and vendors close up shop.I like how they've expanded in different themed "streets" - green street, kids area, food truck street - but it loses the original appeal of First Friday a bit -- the art! Perhaps I should try harder and get here earlier.
2	Meh, used to be better. Crowded, crappy parking, long lines everywhere. A port a potty here and there (nowhere near enough). They should hold this thing every other month or something, take some time to make it more appealing.Tony Hsieh or not, seems to have gone downhill.
5	I recommend anyone from the east coast (NYC) area to attend first Friday if in town. Being in Las Vegas was almost overwhelming at first, upon touching down in the airport and seeing a slew of folks in cowboy hats felt I was going thru culture shock, felt out of place just  arriving off of the plane in heels towering over everyone like a giraffe who overlooked midgets. I didn't come to LV to do touristy things I wanted to see what the city had to offer. Best Friend took me to First Friday, she's also from the east coast so she assured me I would feel at home, she was right. I met a lot of people from LA and people from the east coast who moved to LV. Enjoyed the band that rocked out and the melting pot of people who were uniquely diverse jamming out under the beautiful stars, forgot to mention this was my first night in town, I was anything less of pleased. Actually was the best night of my trip besides the strip club. Besides the band and beers, there was a walkway of artwork and beautiful cultured people out who shared beautiful pieces of work. Can't wait to do it again.P.S. Parking sucks! Enjoy!
2	I've been twice. Not a fan. That pretty much sums up my experience.
2	The biggest complaint about this festival is the parking. But I live downtown, so I usually just ride my bike -- problem solved. But guess what? It's still pretty lame!I know I'm totally gonna sound like a total crotchety hipster here, but...First Friday was much more fun back in the day. Like, even just a few years ago. Nowadays, the whole area is just one big family-friendly clusterfuck of strollers, cops, and creepy kids that have crawled down from the burbs for a night of Hot Topic-clothed teenage mayhem. Like bats, they fly out from their poster-covered caves in those ugly new houses on the edge of town, swooping down on the Arts District to flit about the bright lights, gobbling up whatever passes for art and culture in a desperate attempt to live out the Urban Experience. A rabies shot is definitely recommended before visiting.The addition of the whole "Kids' Zone" was when this shit really jumped the shark. I understand that the true kooks, artists and bohemians NEED the spendy suburbanites to come down -- who else is gonna buy their crap? But it's one of those "be careful what you wish for" scenarios: in order for the suburbanites to feel comfortable, they have to roll out Kids Zones and extra cops to lure 'em down. And that just totally kills the vibe. These days, it feels more like Arts'N'Crafts Day at CostCo than a real, organic arts festival.But who gives a fuck? Not me! Because the Broadacres Swap Meet is now open on Friday nights!! If you want to go someplace TRULY freaky, with weird shit, eccentric people and cheap drinks....forget First Friday; Broadacres is the place to be!Who's with me?? Let's get this movement started!!
2	I've been three times spanning two years and I can say that every time I go it's worse than the last time. The only thing that remains consistent from visit to visit is the horrid parking, other than that, it's all one big downhill experience. Basically it's a bunch of "artists" and hipster-wannabes from the burbs of Vegas that mingle in a half-assed attempt at being artsy for an evening. The reality is, it's a bunch of people, many from out of town, who try to peddle their crappy t-shirts, photo art, figurines made out of nuts and bolts, etc. It's nothing you haven't already seen at a low-rent carnival booth setup before. Of course all the mobile trucks are there to offer you deep fried everything gourmet burgers, and pizza from a firetruck...the usual Vegas suspects. Sometimes you get some interesting bands or performance artists, but nothing much more than you would expect to see at the Iowa state fair. When First Friday first got started, it had so much potential, but now that it's lost its edge, it reminds me a lot of Vegas in the 90's when they were trying to fool everyone by being so "family friendly". Hopefully First Friday will learn, like Vegas in general did, that it's a losing bet.
1	What a joke this event is. It's a lot of delusional people calling themselves artists peddling their over priced trinkets on the streets. With the addition of several food trucks sprinkled throughout the various streets it basically makes this event a glamorized swap meet. Wow, how exciting! With so much to do in Vegas I don't understand why this attracts so many people. Try it once if you don't believe me but I'll never go back. Huge disappointment.    The good: park at the government center and catch the free shuttles to the event and back. They serve alcohol - you'll need it to trudge through the hour or two you're there. Most of the food trucks have decent food. There are a handful of actual artists who deserve to be paid for their gift.
4	The biggest I've seen it in a while!!! Just be careful where you park downtown. They were towing cars like crazy! There were more adults this time too but still had the younger-I-want-to-look-different crowd. Music is ok and I'm missing memphis BBQ (please come back)
5	This was my very first FIRST FRIDAY!!!  WOOP WOOP!!  It was a whole lot of fun.  What more could you ask for, good food with a good bunch of friends chilling with a nice cold beer in your hand looking at the arts and crafts from the local community!!  If you ever live in Las Vegas you have to go to at least one of the events!!
3	A lot of potential here, and I would keep my expectations low. We took the free public transportation from Fremont street and a free Big Bus back and that was a lot of fun particularly on the top deck of the Big Bus after midnight.Less creepy than walking The Strip after 10pm and a people-watcher and street picture takers paradise. Food trucks were ok, we did a soul food truck, didn't catch the name, but it was good; some seating picnic table options would be helpful. Beer was cold, Lounge Lizards? was the best band we heard. After 11 we looked like somebody looking for their kids after hours.If you are going to complain about the art here then open up your own booth and let your freak flag fly, they do need you.
5	Since partying is really not in my vocab, I never thought I'd enjoy Las Vegas as much as I did this night.Arts and Music. Culture and community. People and food. #nirvanafestThough my two friends and I had some issues with the parking area, definitely enjoyed and loved First Friday!!! :)
2	I was very excited when my plans opened up and my family and I were able to go to first friday.My excitement didn't last through the entire night. I went to their website, to try and decipher which lot to park in, how the shuttle worked, and blah blah blah. Navigating down town is difficult as it is. We finally found parking, that was close to the event, they charge $10. Wowza.A lot of the artists......came off rude. A lot of them didn't even say "hi" when we walked up to their booth. What a turn off! What would compel me to buy your overpriced "art" when you don't even have a decent personality?When you are looking for something to eat, make sure you walk ALL the way through the event. We settled on the "hummus factory" truck, because we didn't see the other ones, and were slightly disappointed....There were more promising ones across the street.There was some odd show going on. This chick had flaming batons, and was belly dancing to a slipknot sounding song..... Later, a "zombie" came in and it turned into a zombie fire fight. We walked away asking ourselves, "W T F did we just watch?"So, okay food, elementary school looking art, and random music playing.Reminds me more of a swap meet than anything else. I don't know if we will be back.
4	It's been on our to-do list for a long time but finally things came together and we attended on November 1st. First timers should check the web site for parking suggestions. We parked at the Clark County Government Center and took the free Double Deck Big Bus. Rode the open air top deck for a beautiful view. It's no hassle ride to Main and Colorado.There is music everywhere it's in the streets on the sidewalks and stages. First Friday offers plenty of choices for food. Many food trucks located throughout the arts district. My favorite food trucks on this evening were Ben's BBQ and Lobsta Trap. A separate review is written for them. Also there are individual stands and brick and mortar restaurants plus stand- alone booths selling alcoholic beverages. There are several seating areas throughout the art district with tables and chairs which makes it convenient. No need to juggle your food and drink. Here's a tip. Bring your own bottled water as it is expensive.My favorite entertainment was the fire dancers on the stage at Casino Center and Colorado. These folks are very talented and entertaining.The arts and crafts are plentiful but not much was to our interest.
2	This event is over-hyped and is nothing but a hipster infestation.The amount of galleries to look at aren't much, and half of them have a snobby feel to them. Some of the street vendors can be like this as well.Parking is absolute hell, and you must park far away from the event. It will take a while to even find parking since downtown is so convoluted.However, a tip is to park at the Las Vegas Academy student parking area. You won't get towed for this. Besides, there's some students present who have to stay late a night for theatre rehearsals. Plus, LVA itself promotes First Friday to its students (particularly the 'art majors'), so feel free to park at LVA if you don't mind walking a bit to the event.The food sold at First Friday is overpriced, although they do have very good funnel cakes. Still though, I suggest you save money and eat at any of the nearby restaurants instead. You get more bang for your buck that way.Considering the type of event First Friday is, you'll find all sorts of people dressed in eccentric fashion. It's got everything from goths to rockabilly chicks. It's a great place to go people watching and even get some photo ops.Regardless, First Friday still has a lot to improve upon as Vegas's local 'arts scene'. We really don't have much culture here at all, so things like this are essential to keeping the arts alive.
4	This is the fifth (or so) time we attend First Friday. The Summer events have MUCH more to offer, since more artists and vendors. are here, as well as a decent variety of food trucks. Tonight it was ok, a nice verity of food and local art, but overall - Summer is a much better season to come in.
3	First Friday is a great installment in a city..or at least it's a good concept. Art, culture, food trucks, Downtown; all to create a fun local scene for a Friday night. It's a good concept that I think works for certain cities, but it isn't as successful in Las Vegas. As a patron, It's a fun atmosphere. Walking around, checking out local artists, enjoying "street" food and alcohol, and hanging out with friends and family. Ruben and I enjoyed our visit in September. The weather was still a little warm, but manageable. I grabbed a gyro and Ruben grabbed a beer and we visited a few tent vendors, purchasing some handmade goodies. After walking up and down Casino Center Blvd of vendors, we ventured to the vintage stores on Main Street. Since we weren't in the market to purchase art, there wasn't much else to do. We only spent about two hours.We found parking to be most convenient at the Government Center on Grand Central Parkway (across from the outlet mall). It's easy to access with less traffic, it's free, and most importantly, there's a complimentary First Friday shuttle service that runs every 20 minutes and an hour after the event ends. It was really easy and it drops you off on Main Street near Colorado, one of the event's entrances.For their 11th anniversary last October, I participated as a featured artist. The process of signing up is pretty simple. You submit an application on their official website (the due date is typically a month prior to the event) and you still have the option to accept or decline after receiving the confirmation e-mail/invitation. I highly recommend the Featured Tented Artist set up; you're given a 10x10 space inside a larger tent, a table, grid wall, and lighting that is all set up for you (cost: $100). I had a great time being able to display my photography and hang out, however, it was a pretty boring six hours. I mean, thankfully, my neighbor was also a first-timer and we had a great time chatting with her and her friends. Plus, a few of my friends came to support me, but no one stayed very long. Besides people I knew, there were only a couple handfuls of people that actually stopped at my table. Everyone else just breezed by! It was really disappointing.I know a couple local artists and First Friday works for them (most of the time), but otherwise, it's hard for an artist to be profitable enough to want to return to another event. People seem more interested in getting drunk and finding bargains as if it's a flea market and teenagers are just there to loiter. It's kind of sad and discouraging for artists and patrons.
5	This is a great take. Couples, singles, families. Something for everyone. Food trucks galore. Art, music, food...and...parking was not that difficult.
3	A mile and a half walk from work, easily doable in less than 20 minutes, and yet I guess I cannot really justify a reason to return save for the art...which I could just as easily see on a Saturday or Sunday without the hassle.  The local crafters are friendly and the crowd is an eclectic one, but generally eschewing street food and food trucks I cannot say much about the food or the general quality of the art did much for me.  Decent in that it is free, but largely just makes me want to visit the Arts District during daylight hours to avoid the 'see and be seen' scene to focus on the galleries and themes.
4	Such a great concept. A nice festival of art, crafts, food, drink, music, you name it. I seem to go every month just to browse what the artists are displaying. I want to start buying some for my house so I want to make my purchase here from local artists. Once I have an idea and some cash I will start that process. I definitely make sure I eat while I'm there. Usually at one of the may food trucks but I have been to some of the brick and mortar places as well. I wish there was something similar to this during the month but once a month is better than nothing.
4	I've been coming to First Friday since when it was largely a tour of the local art galleries. It had grown into a much larger event over the last couple of years. The expansion has largely been positive. There are now a number of things I can bring my young children to participate in. They love being able to create their own art, get painting lessons, and interact with local artists. For the adults, the galleries at City of the World, and The Arts Factory provide looks at local artists of all disciplines. There are also a number of pubs and restaurants in the area. It's always a great time, and always something different.
5	Try & carpool. The parking sucks. I alway have such a good time when I come here. It's a great place if you like to people watch =) you will see people from all walks of life... I like to start on the south end with the food trucks and they have multiple bar stands so you wont go thirsty for too long. It is a safe with a ton of cops at every corner and in between.
4	We are new in town so of course the locals tipped us off on where to go, what to do, and where the cool kids hang out in the area. First stop: First Friday May 2, 2014! Every first Friday of the month local artists, vendors, and food trucks gather on multiple closed off streets and feed and entertain locals and tourists. Thanks to Amelinda L., she gave us a great tip to take the free shuttle from the Government Center on grand central parkway across the street from the Las Vegas Premium Outlets - North. Make sure not to make the same mistake that we did and park at the outlet mall parking structure... We had to walk through the outlet mall and cross the street to get to the Government Center. Whoopsies.Once we got to the Government Center there were no shuttles to be seen. But as the saying goes, when I doubt follow the crowds! We saw a crowd of people walking so we hopped along and they took us to a sign that said: Bus/Shuttle Stop - perfect! We waited less than 5 minutes and a double decker shuttle picked us up and took us to First Friday. Actually, they made a few quick stops at other locations to drop off people, and went a longer route according to the locals on the bus, but in the end, it took us to where we needed to go so I'm not complaining!The music was bumpin' and the crowds were present. Admission to First Friday is free and there are many local art vendors, stores, and performers. My favorite part was the food trucks of course. One whole street was filled with trucks on both side! So many options I didn't know where to begin.Also make sure to bring cash - many trucks and vendors don't accept credit cards. There are some portable ATM machines but I found them to be out of the way. We ate ourselves silly from several food trucks:Oming's Kitchen - a cute little filipino food truck that sold us a BBQ pork belly sandwich. It simple but packed with some serious delicious flavor. That pork belly was like butta! Very good! 5/5 Lobster Me - almost $10 for a small main lobster roll. I was highly disappointed with this lobster roll. The lobster was minimal and if anything the entire sandwich was a tease and not worth $10. 2/5FukuBurger - We waited over 40 minutes for our burger and fries - Apparently they were extremely backed up. It's not a surprise as they always have the longest lines at these type of events. To compensate, they comped us a cold bottled water while we waited. We ordered the Tamago Burger and Jazz Fries. We were completely underwhelmed by our meal. It was overall salty and one noted. The fries were not spectacular, they just had a simple yet salty katsu gravy and Japanese mayo. I'm certain we didn't order the right things, since people rave about this place. I'm interested to know what I should try next time - hopefully the wait won't be as long. 1/5Also bought $3 cokes and waters from a refreshments cart.Can't wait until next month! I'm bringing extra cash with me to try other trucks.
1	I drove 4 hours to get to Las Vegas arrive around 5 PM downtown, I'm having a drink a bar enjoying to summer heat. Then we are told we have to leave the Freemont Experience at 6 PM, so we can get ready for first Friday.  I'm forced to stay off the Freemont experience for one hour while security and Metro police clean the area. I will never go to Vegas on first Friday again what a joke I like to play a small casinos and they we closed off the public during the hours between 6 PM and 7 PM.  Maybe Freemont security and Metro Police could complete this task is 15 minutes or less?  I would have never left if I knew it was an hour wait to get back in bar, was told once I showed ID I would be allowed back on Freemont Street.  But that was not true wait almost one hour, Never again
1	First Friday had certainly gone downhill in the past six months.  It was as if they took a giant homeless shelter put up a bunch of booths to sell bottle caps and keychains disguised as art, and only invited people from all of the nearby trailer parks to attend.  The entertainment appeared to have come from a grammar school talent show.  What a disappointment!!
4	Not bad for Vegas. Bring cash. Fine way to kill a Friday on a date night. parking sucks, prepare to pay for it even though it's a free event.I showed up closer to 21:00 and it was crowded. However by 22:00 the families really start to thin out. I didn't really roll the food truck scene there but I walked around and checked out all the art. There was plenty of "counter culture" art and piles of booths selling their etsy-esque wares. Someone who comes from a cultural epicenter like Portland, Bay Area, etc/whatever would probably be mighty disappointed but for Vegas it beats the tourist crap by a mile.
5	Great place to check out local artists, food trucks and Artisianal foods. Check out Jojos jerky, been at first Friday for over a year, free samples and friendly staff. Best jerky hands down !
3	It's an experience and while in my humble opinion it got a lot smaller from what it started its a good place  to see/visit I ended up signing up a petition to legalize marijuana .. hahahahahaha after all I am registered liberterian  :)
3	I went to check out a friends booth (which was 5 stars, check out Brock Nordstrom).I hadnt been to first friday in over a year so I thought Id see a slight shift but it was pretty much the same old. Its good food, crowds, and the perfect place to people watch to sum it up.If you have nothing to do, why not go!
2	I'm with Rachel S on this one: FF is less of an art thing and more of a cover story for public intoxication and impromptu rap battles. Neither of those things are necessarily bad, but there are other times and places in the city for each.My FF experience is "scene kids, crap music, food trucks, and sub part art projects"- the emphasis is not on art, despite the original event intentions or the location. Other than a handful of food trucks, each blasting their own music, and a rap battle outside of Bar + Bistro, there were a few artisan booths set up Farmers Market style, as well as the No Kill organization represented.FF seems to draw a pretty big crowd, and maybe I was just in the wrong place, but I'm past the days when I want to chill with a bunch of teenagers and first-year college students in band tees name-dropping people I don't care about and shouting obscenities.
5	Wow! We went for the zip line and didn't even know about First Friday! As we zipped in, they started checking ids at the gates. Live bands! Awesome show! Very Vegas and fun! Reminds me of some performances I've seen in my hometown on farmers market nights. It was beautiful and lively. We enjoyed it as a date (& as tourists)! We will definitely plan future trips for the first Friday!! Unfortunately didn't see any food trucks that these others are talking about. We personally love food trucks! So Darn!
4	Came here for the first time on 08/01/14. Not so thrilled about the ridiculous traffic and tons police cars parked on the street to "help" with traffic. I checked the website for parking and there are places where parking is free, but once I got there it was difficult to find the parking spaces and all the free parking areas are pretty far. Wasn't expecting to pay $10 for parking, but at least I was able to park right next to the venue. Seeing all the street art was pretty neat, lots of different styles, never got bored of any of the art. It was VERY crowed, I might add, people would be shoving into you while you're standing there trying to admire the art. In the middle there is a stage with tons of amazing performances! Tons of food trucks spread out the place, you would probably find what you're craving for, not sure about the prices though, most signs for the food trucks didn't show prices.. I don't know if I'll be back anytime soon, it was a cool experience though.
5	Okay I'm an out of towner, so this was a fun event for me.  I'm used to First Fridays out in the Bay Area.  It's a great way to open up art galleries and incorporate music and food.  Best of all, were the free shuttles to the venue.  We parked at the Government Center and it was very easy to use.  Go to the First Fridays website to obtain the address to the government center.  I went at night time to avoid the sun.  Oh and make sure to board the shuttles before the event closes down, or you are stuck.I saw all age groups.  This was a safe event, perfect for everyone.  Be sure to bring cash if you find something you want to eat or take home and hang up on your wall?  One word of advice, move fast if you see something you want, buy it.  I walked away from something I should haven't.  It still haunts me.Bathrooms:  There are port-a-potties and some of the art galleries have bathrooms.
4	Take the shuttle bus. Three stops including downtown and container park.  Shuttle is free parking by children's museum is $5
4	This was my first time at First Friday. A friend of mine came to visit and I took her there along with a few friends. We parked at the El Cortez and took the free shuttle across the street of the main entrance to the event.  There were a lot of people of all ages kids as well wasn't expecting them to be out late. There were art galleries ofcourse, vendors, food trucks of all sorts and one of them had funnel cakes. There were 2 or 3 stages playing music. One of the stage was set up on top of a truck.. An area with rap music where a girl was rapping. Lots of neat art stuffs. We took the open top Big Bus back to El Cortez and sat on the top level of the bus which was so cool. A great, cheap way to spend an evening out!
3	My first friday experience here was great! I felt that Las Vegas had done a wonderful job making this an experience that everyone can enjoy. There were various live music performances foods and vendors. Not much people were watching the performances which were a little sad, some were quiet good. As for the non food vendors, items could be had for a very good prices. I was pretty impressed with the thriftyness of the art sold there.Now the food trucks were seriously lacking though. There was one avocado taco stand that I would try one day. But honestly you are better off getting something outside and then just walking around. Food was way to expensive, and way to mediocre. If you do find something good, I would say thats a "diamond in the rough". Enjoy!
3	I am very torn about First Friday. I absolutely love community events. Especially art walks, and more creative culture, but this is very lacking. I want to love it because it's in my back yard, too! However, First Friday leaves me with a sense of empty feeling. Located in the arts district downtown should be plenty of reason why this event should boast art, but it doesn't. The art galleries are lacking, and the street vendors that sell art are more there to just get a buck than they are about art. Then there's the riff raff of downtown trying to join in, and so many kids everywhere! I guess police try to crack down on curfew, but there's always so many grungy kids that are up to no good running around. The food stalls are nice during summer hours, winter many vendors decide to stay home. I'll probably end up going back in the summer, but I'll go early before it gets dark, and the crazy kids (literally kids) come out at night.
