5	"Original"  Take that literally, as in unique, one of a kind.  I love breakfast.  I eat breakfast for dinner sometimes I like it so much.  I can honestly say that I have never been anywhere with so many original pancake recipes.  Fantastic.  Get "the Apple Thing".  Trust me.This is a local institution.  Good early.  Bring cash.
4	I second Sarah's review. Try the 49er flapjacks and Ron's Special Southwest Eggs (they come with nearly diaphanous potato pancakes). Don't forget to hit the ATM -- there's a Wells Fargo at 68th and Camelback.
5	This fine breakfast establishment is right next to my work and I am lucky enough to get to go there often.  Even if I go for work with a large group the service is good, the food is great, and the prices are very fair.  Most times when we go with a large group they give us one of their famous Apple Pancakes for free!The Pancake house does not accept credit or debit cards,  it is cash or check only.  They also STRONGLY suggest you do not use  your cell phone while you are in the restaurant.  This policy alone warrants 5 stars.  They have signs all over the place advising of their request for this courtesy, which should be common, but some people are VERY important in case you did not know.I have never had anything here that did not impress me.
4	My first Original Pancake House experience was actually not at the Original location.  We would occasionally go the the one in North Phoenix.  In that one, all done with bright colors and modern touches - we liked the food, but we weren't too hip for some of their policies.  So we stopped going - and it appears that was the case with everyone else in North Phoenix too as that funky and cool looking location closed down about 3 years ago or so.  I've only been to this original location once, but found that they seemed a bit less tense on some issues they were more intense on others.  I went during a strong no-cell phone period apparently.  And when work called, which means I had to answer, several folks gave dirty looks.  While I totally get that folks shouldn't have obnoxious rings and talk loud into their ear pieces while walking through the restaurant, that policy seemed to encourage the dirty looks for answering a vibrating phone.  So... I haven't been back.  Based on Selby's review, I may have to go back one of these days because their food really was great - thus the 4 stars.   But I'll try to make sure it's a day when I don't expect to get any calls.
4	Admittedly, I've been to several OPH's around the country, and while each franchise seems to have a lot of leeway in altering their menu or decorating as they see fit, across the board I think this is the type of restaurant you can't truly appreciate until you've become a regular at one of them.  Many are family owned and have become neighborhood institutions.  This particular branch derives a certain amount of "charm" from its attachment to a Motel 8, walls that have been collecting grime and signatures from celebrities for years, and newer solid surfacing table and countertops that are rainbow flecked, perhaps to coordinate with the teal paint details?  The angry "turn your cell phones off" signs have an air of authority that demand that the customers respect the wait staff.The menu here mirrors most in the franchise (enormous apple pancake, oven baked dutch baby, a variety of breakfast crepes, traditional - ie, non-Belgian - waffle, fat oven baked omelets and a wide variety of pancakes), and additionally offers a few egg scramblers and daily specials.  I'll point out that I LOVE 49ers, and was disappointed that they came slightly crispy fried here, similar to a potato pancake.  I'm sure they'd be fine if I had nothing to compare them to.I wouldn't necessarily make a special trip here, but if you live in the area and can dedicate yourself to becoming a weekend fixture and working your way through the menu, do it.Oh!  They have take-out here too!
5	For some reason, the first time I came here I thought this place was called "Ed's Original Pancake House", and my brother and I always referred to this place as "Ed's" thereafter.  Anyway, Ed's is particularly fantastic, great pancakes and other assorted breakfast fare.  My favorite would be the Strawberry Pancakes, which come with fresh strawberries and strawberry syrup.  Fantastic stuff.Additionally, Ed's had one of the best waiter-customer exchanges ever, as my brother noticed that actor Leslie Nielsen had signed his name on the wall...My brother: "I'll have what Leslie Nielsen orders"Sassy Waitress: "Oh, that guy looks like HELL!!"My brother: "Well I'm going to order whatever he gets."Sassy Waitress: "He ordered two egg whites and dry wheat toast.  Should I mark you down for that?"My brother: "Ah, never mind."Anyway, check this place out.  Great no-nonsense breakfast, and I love that the no cell phone policy is strictly enforced.
5	Despite the fact that I could walk into just about any place in town for a pancake related meal and belly right up to an open table, I prefer the wait-required, OPH. My favorite is the apple pancake which is baked with caramel and sliced granny smith apples. When it comes to your table pipping hot, it has risen from baking and as you watch it deflate and cool the mouthwatering makes you check your pant leg to ensure you still have a napkin. Make sure you can wait the 40 or so minutes it takes for this one. While the Jr version of this pancake is still a bountiful portion, I love adding a side of home style fries. They cut the potatoes to about a half inch or so and add onions and bell peppers, so tasty. As a creature of habit I can at times manage to sway myself to order something else on the menu. The banana pancakes actually have mashed  bananas worked into the pancake batter and it's really spectacular. The Lingonberry crepes sometimes come in handy when I can't scrape up enough cash to go to Holland. The omelets are also baked and worth the time it takes to get to you. I've been going to this place for almost 20 years now and I have never had bad service or a dish that wasn't wonderful.
4	After reading about half a dozen reviews on this place, I had to try it out for their pancakes (especially their apple pancake with caramelized glazing....YUM!)  So what did I end up ordering?...The fluffy spinach omelet...lol  and on the side I got three buttermilk pancakes (comes with the order).  I passed the place two times because the sign is covered with some hedge bushes and it doesn't look very prominent overall (something that actually impressed me!).  They don't have to flaunt their business name, they just let their cooking and service do the advertising!  Luv it!The omelet was perfect, the pancakes were pancakes for buttermilk....The service on point!  Next time, I need to come here with a buddy so that we can share more of the menu...One person is NOT enough!  So why did I give it four stars instead of five?....Well, so that I had something more to look foreword too!  Can't wait to get back here...PS....Someone needs to take a digital pic of this place!....So obscure!
3	Pretty big disappointment for me after all these great reviews praising pancakes of the Gods. Everything here seems pretty average to me, only slightly ahead the likes of Cracker Barrel. I compare it to Cracker Barrel not because it has a ton of crap all over the place and a tacky gift shop, but because the food is pretty flavorless except when they decide to heap on the sugar.Had the famous apple pancake. Which does have a delicious apple cinnamon topping, but on top of a thick, spongy, bizarre apple pancake. I'm definitely not a fan of the pancake base and the whole thing made me OD on apples and sugar. I think it would be better just to have the spiced apples on the side of a dish.The omelets are amazingly fluffy and flavorless. I had cheddar in my omelet, right?For good measure, we ordered some coconut pancakes on the side with the omelet. Pretty average pancakes with a little bit of coconut mixed in and some intensely pineapple syrup. Again I ODed on pineapple without any good pancake substance.I'm guessing the people who love this place are more into sugary toppings on their pancakes, while I am in it for the cake experience.Coffee also tasted like it came from Denny's.To aggravate the situation, this location has all the atmosphere of a Village Inn on sugar roids. Elderly patrons trying to clank there way through all the crowded tables with their walkers, angry Scottsdale douche bags yelling about how stupid it is for a restaurant to not take credit cards, church-goers sequestering large sections for a apple God chasers, and morbidly obese patrons with fashion statements like Tinkerbell sweat pants with a hot pink shirt and crocs and a rainbow Coach purse. It all just made me wish I went to the Good Egg at Park Central Mall instead. Would've cost less too.
4	If ya like pancakes this place sure has em'Discrete location just west of Fashion Square mall on Camelback (left of the motel 6 - a bonus, as you might need a nap after too many pancakes). The walls have autographs of 100's of celebrities and sports legends who have previously dined here.It took awhile to get our order, but when it arrived I was delighted. We tried the strawberry pancakes and the buckwheat pancakes, and that is some darned good eatin'I would pick this over Denny's ANY DAY.
3	I wish I could give this place a better review...but compared to the one near Gross Pointe, MI- the AZ location is not living up to it's full potential. The omelets are half the size, the rules restrict any creative freedom you like to take with your food, and the service was cold and lacking. It was still a good breakfast, but the one in Michigan is the type of breakfast you dream about.
2	What kind of backasswards place still clings to a "Cash Only" policy?A.) Dive bars that can't be trusted to give you a clean glass, but can be trusted to offer a complimentary sprinkle of crabs on the toilet seat.B.) Wholesome off the radar entertainment, cash up front, that may also give you crabs. Sinner.C.) Cruddy breakfast diners trying to instill an aura of the "greatest generation." Why I remember a time back before that newfangled in-ter-net contraption when I had to walk uphill both ways in waist deep snow to... Those demon harpies are trying to steal your identity! Where's my pants?!D.) All of the above.Ding! Time's up. Pencils down. Original Pancake House, did you answer D? No? You just bubbled in a smiley face on your scantron sheet? Well why not change your answer now, just a little substitute. Oh you charge a minimum of a dollar for any substitute or deviation from your menu. That's straight up retarded. I'm relegating you to the short bus for the remainder of term.I see that you also have a tiny clause that states you're at liberty to add an 18% gratuity to any order. How very sneaky of you to not define the terms of that. So you're a trouble maker too? I'll be keeping my eye on you.A strict "No Cellphones" policy? Interesting idea, but the place is so obnoxiously loud that I don't see the cause for such a stipulation, and since we only saw our waitress in passing, I can't fathom that it's out of respect for her. I guess what I'm trying to say is that I don't think you've fully developed that theme. Rework that passage and turn it back in by Monday for full credit.That brings me to my next point, OPH. It's a great idea to have a wide variety of friends, from brodogs and scottstiudes to old folks and families out for brunch. It's really nice to see you making an effort to make everyone feel included, but your waitstaff, they're crappy, hon. Terse, perfunctory, and cold, like little automatons they whir around the restaurant. Order. Better hope you don't need anything else. Human feelings are not programmed into their model. Eat. Now get out. There are people waiting for your seat. Repeat.And what gives you the gall to think you can charge $4.25 for three pieces of dinky bacon? OPH, I'm really disappointed in you. Since you don't allow any substitutions and since none of your entrees come with any sides (aside from massive amounts of carb-y, bland pancakes), you're practically forcing people to order certain menu items a la carte. Your food is overpriced as it is. Breakfast for two cost us 35 bucks, and we didn't even get that much food. For shame. I'm assigning you Saturday detention for the remainder of the month. Maybe that'll teach you some respect.Now let's move on to your coursework. The food that you delivered was actually quite good. I had the Eggs Michael (even though I would have liked to substitute Canadian bacon, I couldn't justify the ridiculous extra charge on an already pricey entree) with four thin potato pancakes. The yolks of the poached eggs created a lovely little dipping sauce, the sausage beneath it jujitsu'd my taste buds to smithereens with its awesomosity, and the English muffin base was crispity and delicious. The accompanying mushroom sauce...what is the term you kids use today...sucked big dangly donkey balls. A flavorless white sauce with canned mushroom floating around looking bored with their lot in life. I can't justify cream sauce unless it's good, and your gravy sucked those donkey balls blue, OPH. The potato pancakes more than made up for the crappy sauce though. Thin little hashbrown patties with sour cream and applesauce! Yum!Mr. Man ordered the spinach crepes with a side order of homefries and redonkulously overpriced bacon. The homefries were the only stand out aspect of that meal. The spinach filling was soggy, had more tasteless canned mushrooms filler (even came complete with the bland mushroom dipping crap) and I could taste none of the cheese you claimed was there. Quite disappointing, OPH. You did your homework at the last minute on that one, didn't you?It's clear that you have potential. However since your grade is cumulative, I'm going to have to give you a C. Tut, tut, tut, no complaining. You earned it.
3	My realtor hooked us up to this restaurant last year.  We've had breakfast several times, and have always been pleased.  Pancakes Galore!  Check out their menu on the website http://www.originalpancakehouse.com/.Service has always been good and the restaurant is clean.  Only downsides are parking is a pain in the ass as it is always busy, even during the week.  Also, no credit/debit cards.  Now I don't have a problem with that when prices are dirt cheap (check out Randy's Restaurant) as it does cost money to accept plastic.  But, this place isn't that cheap.  We're usually in for $25-$30 for breakfast for two including tip.  Luckily, there's an ATM right next to it if you forget.
3	I'm with Michael on this place.  I don't get the adoration of this place.  It's always packed.  People fall all over themselves to praise these cash-only schmucks. So who the eff cares that this place is cash only?  I do. Restaurants like this stick out like a sore thumb in Phoenix. I hardly ever carry cash.  I know.  Bad habit.  But, please Original Pancake House, buy a flippin credit card merchant machine thing and raise your prices on everything by 75 cents.  It's really inconvenient. Luckily there are many other breakfast places who accept debit/credit cards in the immediate area (Over Easy, Orange Table, etc.).I don't care for pancakes (so I'm no expert on them) but I usually order the chorizo scramble here and give my pancakes to my dining partner. Good egg to chorizo ratio on the scramble.  Very quick service once you're seated, but the wait can be long on occasion.  It's all good though, because during your wait you can marvel and analyze the uber-60s architecture of the interior.
2	I have some fond memories of eating at one of these in Las Vegas as a kid.A recent trip to the Scottsdale location didn't live up to those memories. My food (bacon waffle) was good -- don't get me wrong -- but it wasn't worth the price. The service was pretty rude/blah/cold. I probably won't go back to this location.
2	I recently went with my two favorite guys to the Original Pancake House on a Sunday morning. We showed up at around 11am and were able to park without a problem. The parking lot is very small, but on our trip only 3 other cars were there.We immediately noticed the "cash only" sign on the door. What kind of place still takes cash only? Especially in Scottsdale, next to the Fashion center, and it's a place that charges $10 for pancakes????Fortunately there is a cash machine across the street. Once we got our cash we were able to get a table without waiting. I guess that should have been our clue to what type of food/service we were going to receive.After looking for over 7 years in Arizona for a breakfast place that serves potato pancakes and dutch pancakes I was pretty excited about trying this place out. The ambiance in this place leaves much to be desired, but I wasn't going to complain if the food was good.Well, the food and service definitely weren't good.....Our server came to take our order, and it was clear she didn't speak any English. Luckily, one of my guys speaks Spanish and was able to relay our order. We ordered the Dutch Baby, an order of Potato pancakes, a Cheese omelet, and 3 diet cokes.I nearly laughed when they brought us 3 cans of soda and a glass of ice cubes. What kind of place doesn't have a soda machine? And secondly, you get no refills. Bad news for someone who drinks 15+ glasses of diet coke while eating out like my friend does! (He makes sure to get his moneys worth!).We waited nearly an hour for our food. When it finally came it was clear that they had timed our order wrong and put all our food in at the same time. The omelet was ice cold, the pancakes were soggy, the dutch baby was pipping hot. Hmmm.....Our waitress?? No where to be found.We decided to just eat our food. The omelet was probably the best of what was offered, even though it was ice cold. There was a good amount of cheese, and it was a large portion. It also came with a side of pancakes, which were ok, but really just average pancakes. Not too much different from Denny's. Certainly not what you would expect from a restaurant named "Original Pancake House".The potato pancakes were dismal. Soggy, sad, little things that made me nearly cry for my old Minnesota breakfast hangouts. The applesauce was muscleman's brand, which seemed to cheapen the pancakes even more.The dutch baby, which I had been so excited about was an eggy mess. Dutch pancakes are usually served while still puffy, this one had fell flat 5 minutes ago. It said on the menu it would come with a lemon butter side. I was served butter in a dish and a slice of lemon. Very disappointing.Over all, the breakfast wasn't bad. It wasn't good. It was just ok. I realize my expectations were very high. I wouldn't go again, and I wouldn't recommend it. I guess if you are staying at the attached Motel 6 it would probably be a good choice for a quick, filling meal.If you are looking for a better quality breakfast I would recommend Butterfield's. More ambiance, much better food, the take credit cards, and the prices are much more reasonable.
2	I have been in search of good food for breakfast and kept getting this place as a recommendation. However, after visiting I thought the food was not as good as even a IHOP. I wouldnt go back or travel for this place
4	This place will always have a special place in my heart since my husband and I went here the morning after our wedding. We shared the apple pancake and it was oh so good! Yes, the line is long, but I don't mind. I'm just happy that there are still places like this in Phoenix.
3	yes, the giant apple pancake/actual cake, is ridiculously delicious. but the place is cash only and they wouldn't let us share...charged us for a seperate plate, even though we ate directly off the plate the pancake came on. i guess that's typical...i only noticed the service charge on the menu and many others, after that. unfair....
2	I learned this morning that "Original Pancake House" and "IHOP" are two very different restaurants... and in my mind, "IHOP" is much better.We ended up at this OHOP for breakfast around 11am (on a Sunday).  We were lucky enough to get a parking spot and a table within just a few minutes.  Once seated, I noticed how tacky the interior is decorated, but that is no big deal.  The big deal is that the tables are so close together there is not much room to move... and that the place doesn't take credit cards, and if you order a couple of things ala carte like we did, it really adds up... My short stack for buckwheat pancakes, scrambled egg whites, and OJ plus Jared's eggs over easy with hashbrowns, toast, and coffee cost us $32 before tip.  For breakfast?  Really?  And our waitress could've told us, but no...At least they made it easy by putting an ATM inside the restaurant now - too bad there is that additional $2.50 fee to use it.  Another difference I noticed is that OHOP offers only one single kind of syrup where IHOP offers many... and the pancakes are better at the latter as well.  The one thing that OHOP has going for them is their Dutch Baby - at least from the looks of it as I saw people around me ordering it.  I'll choose IHOP or one of the many locally owned breakfast places in the future before returning to OHOP.  It was $40 out the door for a simple breakfast for two today... Screw that!
1	They make their pancakes with peanut oil.Which makes me sad, because I'm allergic to peanuts.So yeah, until they use something else, I literally can't eat pancakes here.
4	The OPH is a little hole in the wall next to a Motel 6, just before Fashion Square. It may seem a little dingy at first, but its breakfast, not an elegant dinner. Every time I have been here I have enjoyed the food. I have become fond of the Banana Pancakes. They are served with chunks of bananas in the batter. I believe they come with coconut flakes on top, but I hold those since I am not a fan. They are oh so good. There regular breakfast is good too. I am usually pretty bland when it comes to breakfast. Just give me some bacon, eggs, and hash browns and I'm good. Most selections come with pancakes and for a small fee you can substitute speciality pancakes. The waffles are good too, they are big just like everything else here. It would have been 5 stars if not for the whole, "we don't accept plastic" deal. Just plan ahead or use the ATM machine they now have. I should have gotten in that business and sold them one. Damn it!
3	I have heard lots of rants and raves about the great pancakes at OHOP, which is located in the parking lot of the Motel 6 right by Neiman Marcus (I know...it is an odd block of Camelback Road). Parking is adequate...there were people waiting outside, yet my dining companion and I were able to get parking in the lot, and there is street parking if needed.We were told that we would have a 20-25 minute wait and were given a ticket with a number. Our number was called about 10 minutes later and we were seated. We were accosted by what seemed like dozens of signs warning us that they don't accept credit cards for payment as we walked to our seats, so I made a mental note to go to the ATM located in the restaurant after placing our orders ($2.50 fee, and more ranting on this later).The decor is indeed classic outdated breakfast chic. It looks like Mel's diner, but with tables much closer together. We ordered coffee and orange juice and sat down to look over the menu. They have a large variety of pancakes that vary in both batter type (buckwheat, potato, buttermilk, chocolate chip) and topping (banana, coconut, lignonberries). In addition they have a large selection of crepes and omlettes (the oms come with a short stack of buttermilk pancakes).We received our coffee, which was of the standard generic diner variety, and placed our order. I ordered a short stack of the 49er flap jacks, described as plate-size, chewy, and tender, and added a a side order of potatoes. My friend ordered the "lacy" swedish pancakes, which come with lignonberries. He also ordered an english muffin on the side.Our food arrived and the pancakes were great. My 49ers were chewy, almost creamy, and delicious. The texture and consistency was perfect, and they absorbed the butter and syrup perfectly. They were almost crepe-thin, but were not delicate. My companion spoke very highly of the swedish cakes as well. The potatoes were a nightmare though. In most breakfast situations, one expects a side order of potatoes to be cooked to order, served fresh off the griddle. That was not the case with these potatoes. They had the temperature and texture that indicates they had spent the better part of the morning drying out in a steam table. They were seasoned perfectly, with just the right amount of onion and pepper tossed in, and I am sure they were delicious when they were cooked, but by the time they reached my table, they tasted like yesterday's leftovers reheated in a microwave.The check arrived and the damage was $32. Keep in mind that this is not the place to go for a "bargain" breakfast. Our bill included the two pancake orders (mine was a short stack), a side of potatoes, an english muffin, 2 coffees, one juice, and an extra side of berries ($1.50). The pancakes are definitely worth the $7-9.25 that they charge, but there is no reason to go for the side dishes. In all honesty, I prefer the food and atmosphere at a place like Palette if I want a $32 breakfast. The pancakes here are something that I expect I will have a craving for again, though.Service was friendly and prompt. Our drinks never went below half-full and the wait staff was friendly and helpful.On to the Credit Card issue. I totally understand that businesses don't want to deal with the fees and hassle associated with accepting credit cards, but for a restaurant in a major tourist area where a meal for 2 costs more than $30, it seems silly and stubborn to refuse to accept credit cards. I can almost picture some crotchety, grumpy guy in the back boring his grandchildren with yet another diatribe about how the credit card companies are out to get him. My point is, If you are going to charge an upscale price, you need to accept credit card payment. period.So overall, 3 stars. It would have been 4 stars had it not been for the steam-table potatoes and the annoyance of paying 2.50 to pay.
5	You know the arrogant asshole that no one wants to like--because he's an arrogant asshole--but everyone begrudgingly does like--because he's just so damn good?  (resist the temptation to say I'm that arrogant asshole)  Well, the Original Pancake House is just that arrogant asshole.What you'll notice when you first arrive is (usually) a long wait and a bunch of rules.  Cash only.  We'll only seat full parties (or even put their names in line).  Substitutions at a la carte prices.  Sharing requires an additional fee.  Only short stacks of 49er flapjacks on the weekends.  Etc.  Etc.  So the first time you go there, you'll probably think, "this place may be good, but it won't be *that* good."Well you'd be wrong.  I was.  The food here is bar none the best basic breakfast food you'll ever eat.  It's just perfect.  The strawberry pancakes come with this amazing strawberry syrup that is good enough to eat by itself with dabs of the homemade whipped cream (I know from experience).  The patty sausage is a pure euphony of spices.  My heart skips two beats every time I eat there.Recommendations: the French crepes.  If you like strawberries and/or anything delicious, have the crepes.  The only, and I mean only problem with them is that they don't come with anything salty so if you want a variety then have a bite of someone else's shit because you absolutely must have these things.49er flapjacks--thin, chewy, mindbendingly good.Pecan pancakes.They also offer many different types of crepes, oven baked omelettes, chocolate chip pancakes, coconut pancakes, blueberry, bacon pancakes, and on and on.  And, if it looks good to you, their specialty is this gigantic apple pancake--but imho it isn't the best thing on the menu.  Same with the Dutch baby.Look: I know food.  Really.  If you don't like this place, then you are just a hater.  Sometimes you have to look past the rude hostess, the long wait times, and the excessive rules and just enjoy the best breakfast that the city has to offer.And at least now they have a goddamn ATM in the store.
2	I have to tell you that it pains me to give the restaurant by this name such a crappy review rating. I have been to two others of these in southern California and they are both 5*s in my book (and everyone I go there with every time I go down to visit). So, maybe I had high expectations. But no, I think they truly earned a 2. They may not even have a chance to redeem themselves with me. First impressions are SO important. We went on Friday morning pretty much during peak breakfast time for most that do not get up at the crack of dawn. It was about 930am. We fully expected a wait for breakfast and as we suspected we had one. The young man functioning as host had a rather unique method. He did not write anyones names down, he just tried to remember who was who and in what order, even as people filed in. I guess it seemed to work ok as we did not hear any fights and got seated in a timely fashion. (Thank goodness for being a party of two and being able to sit at a little table.)I knew ahead of time what I wanted to order, though I was concerned that it would be too huge for me, would take a long time to cook, and my leftovers would have to sit in the car all day. I ALWAYS order the apple pancakes. They are my favorite. I just love them. Even if they take 30-45 minutes to bake and are humungous. Imagine sauteed apples with a pancake/cake batter poured on it with lots of cinnamon, baked in the oven. Yes, its sooo good. Usually. I was quite happy to see that they had a option of a Junior apple pancake, smaller version of the same goodness I usually like. They should all do this.  SG ordered a regular egg dish, which also comes with some pancakes. After about 45 minutes, my pancake arrives. BURNT! So, if I had gotten it about 5 minutes earlier, it would have been perfect? Ironic. I thought it would be ok, but I could not eat the charred edges, they just were too burnt. Steve's meal took another  5 minute to come. My meal is the one that takes forever and then its like they forget the other order. I noticed this at the neighboring table and blew it off until it happened to us. They need to time things better. My food would have been cold if I was polite enough to wait.Our service was also pitiful. I had to get up and get the syrup from the bus station myself. Coffee refills were few and far between too. But, we were headed to a ball game, so we probably did not want to have too much coffee on board. I did notice the service at the neighboring tables with a different waitress appeared to be much better than ours, but I can only rate our experience. We will likely not be back here. There are lots of breakfast options elsewhere and I can save my Apple pancake as a treat for Socal.
5	So soon since swerving sinisterly southwestardly to seek stimulus in this sullen economic situation, I found the syrupy soaked security of a seemingly "regulars" secret scene to engage in mutual swelling!  My eyes were bigger than my stomach as each word on the menu left me wondering if they could truly deliver something more than the average diner when it comes to omelettes and pancakes.  Then I began to see what would become my breakfast dining goal for the next few years..." an apple pancake" more beautiful than any other.  But I did not allow that evil ice cream laden morsel to sway me.  Yes, I owe it to all my Yelp fans to remain objective and focused and what?!!  Did I just eat that Dutch Pancake "soufle"?  Did I really get lemons and confection sugar like the old country?  Was it the biggest rumour ever that I finished that ( and a side of canadian bacon) all by myself in less than 20 minutes?  Disclaimer:  I might have passed this place up on the road but, thank goodness my friend Henri knew where to stop and was able to look beyond the Motel 6 that is attached to the premises.  This attempt to remain incognito did not stop the line from peeling out of the door.  Nor did the fact that there is no way to pay with a credit card or debit card!  Thank goodness there is an ATM in there.  But if you decide to look past that, and focus on the awesome family like hospitality of the staff and the scrumptousness of the wafflisciousness of  whatever dish you decide to savour, you will become a hush hush admirerer who is not trying to make it harder to get in for food on Sunday!
4	You want amazing breakfast? This is the place.Here's the good: Great food, perfect portions, and awesome unique choices.Here's the bad: A little pricey, and CASH ONLY?Cmon people, it's 2009.I'm not going to repeat what's already been said, but this place is a definite go-to.
4	If you are looking for a breakfast joint with a hometown feel, this might be your place.  The place has a very 70s era theme about it, aqua green and roller shades!  Everything seemed very clean and my hostess was very attentive.  The food was good too, although the prices are a bit higher than I think they should be, but it is right next to the fashion mall....   Their western omelet was very good, they bake it so the egg rises.  It was very fluffy with just the right amount of ham and cheese, and was not greasy at all.  Plus you get pancakes with it, although I opted for an english muffin.  I would put the food here on par with US Egg, but with a better atmosphere.
4	Best food but cranky service which somehow fits the ambiance so I'm not complaining.
3	Retro back to the 60's with colors and booths to match.  Three large Swedish pancakes, sprinkled with powdered sugar and lingonberries. Pancakes are what one would expect but the small cup of berries only cover one pancake.  So either go dry or add a so, so syrup to the other two.  Syrup was not a good idea.If you go solo don't expect a booth when it is crowded.  Tight quarters in the center tables and close to your "new" neighbors.Average restaurant coffee (lots of it).  Service OK.Cash only.  Has been and appears will always be cash only based on the history and age of the restaurant.
4	This place is solid.  In fact, their corned beef hash is my gold-standard for judgment: with poached eggs and a little Tabasco, there are very few comparable meals as far as deliciousness goes.  The menu is pretty comprehnsive, and features, for instance, flapjacks.  Flapjacks, people ... flapjacks.  Name me another place in town that you can order flapjacks and I'll be impressed.Anyway, the only thing that keeps this from being a five-star joint in my book is the fact that no matter how hard I try, I can't seem to get out of here for less than $20.  Maybe I'm crazy, but for a traditional American breakfast, I think that's expensive.  That doesn't seem to keep people - including myself - from frequenting the place, but on general principle I need to dock a star.
2	The standard breakfast is fine.  The unusual items are just unusual.
1	As you walk in you are greeted by a sign that says Cash Only ATM inside alright times are tough I get it.  Then you see the special board which read "Good Food Takes Time" and there is a clock next to that.  Fine that's cool but the problem is that after waiting for our "good food" it came out and was awful.  My wife said she has tasted better pancakes out of the freezer section at the grocery store.  $30 later we boxed up the food only to throw it away.  The good news is that we went around the corner to the Breakfast Club and had an excellent meal.
4	My favorite signs at TOPH:*Please turn cell phones off while dining at TOPH! (annoyed by and enjoyed by this sign)* No oatmeal during summer! (WTF! LOL!)* This room dedicated to my friend Stanley (the back room had a plaque...Stanley who? Kubrik? Roper? Steemer?...the mystery remains...)Retro diner meets whimsical, artsy cafe. The front room has a counter complete with beehived, geriatric waitresses. Back room, a little more modern with trippy artwork (floating pancakes on a checkered sidewalk...kinda Willie Wonka meets flour...glad I wasn't in my mushroom phase)We had the most delightful server, very accommodating, friendly and yes...beehived and geriatric. We ordered typical fare like eggs, bacon and such and yes, PANCAKES. The buttermilk pancakes did not disappoint though I do enjoy a slightly crispy edge on my flapjacks. Banana cakes were just sweet enough. Yummy! Prices, however, not so retro but not over the top.Loved our staycation, loved my cakes, loved the architecture but not loving the $2.50 ATM charge because they don't accept credit or debit cards. Sneaky pancake people!
2	Sorry Amy P. this place is bum city. It used to be a family favorite. Now, the lines are forever, food portions are lacking and coffee refills are denied. Won't waste my time again.
4	this breakfast place is located in a very unlikely location...the downstairs of a motel 6 near the fashion square mall...odd, right? well, do yourself a favor, grab some cash (because it's cash only, not because it's expensive!), and grab a table because this place does a good thing to breakfast foods...my waffle selection was delightful...it wasn't as dough or big as typical waffles are done at breakfast places...instead it was crisp and had a texture that was a cross between a pancake and almost like a chip...odd, right? perhaps, but oooooooooooooh was it yummy!  best way to go about it? get a bunch of people, each order a different plate, get bites of each and share a side of bacon...(oh, and then go shopping at fashion square!)
4	We always have a good breakfast here and we go on a regular basis.  We saw a story on The Original Pancake House on the Food Network and apparently the staff arrive at the establishment very early to start making food from scratch (pancake batter, etc.) so we figured that would make for a good breaky and we were right.  I love their banana pancakes and my husband always enjoys his omelet of choice.The staff is always friendly and eager to please and it's always the same faces around there.  Like that!
4	The food was good here, the pancakes were fluffy and delicious.  I ordered the bacon pancakes and ate them with Tabasco sauce, instead of syrup.  It was a little different having salty instead of sweet on the pancakes but it worked.Service was not so great here, we had a little bit of a wait outside, not a big deal, but the waitress that served us wasn't so attentive to our needs.  She didn't seem to care much about what we wanted and offered no suggestions, maybe she was just having a bad day...Overall this place is a hidden gem, not near as good as other "Original Pancake House" restaurants, namely the one in Ohio, where the diner experience was great and the staff were friendly.Note: No credit cards accepted here, cash only.
1	I have eaten here several times, since I usually stay at the Motel 6 when in Phoenix.  However the last time will be my last time.  I watched a cockroach crawl across the kitchen floor.On the up side, the food was pretty good (pancakes, bacon, and scrambled eggs - orange juice from a carton).  I do have a strong stomach.
2	The Original Pancake House is tucked away in the corner of Goldwater and Camelback. It's a part of the Motel 6 which kind of makes it hard to find parking during their peak hours. I arrived there at 10:30 and there was no line to get in. But there were a lot of people already seated. My friend and I were sat immediately, but didn't get any drink orders for 10 minutes and didn't get our food order for another 20 minutes. While waiting for our server to take our order, i noticed that they didn't take credit or debit cards, which happened to be the only thing i had. Luckily for me, they had an ATM machine that had a $2.50 service charge.When our server finally took our order. I ordered the Biscuits and gravy and my friend ordered the Apple pancakes. The biscuits and gravy plate was only 5 bucks and was enough to fill me up, but i don't think it would be able to fill up someone who would be REALLY hungry. The apple pancake was HUGE! It's just one really large pancake enough for two people to eat.If you're looking for a cheap breakfast place to eat, this is a good place to go. But as far as service, you'd have to have a little bit a patience. And don't forget to bring your cash because they don't take cards, they're so old fashioned that they accept personal checks!
4	Always a line here but the food is worth the wait! I die for the blueberry pancakes and my husband loves the "Dutch Baby." My only gripe is they only take cash and I am a hardcore debit gal. Excellent breakfast and terrific prices.
4	Great place for breakfast if you are staying in the downtown Scottsdale area. Pancakes as you would expect are quite good. I always go there if I am in the area and I need a place to eat in the morning.
5	Crepes... glorious crepes!  I've frequented OPH for many, many years!  The quality, service and the decor (unfortunately) never changes.  Things to know: They do not accept credit cardsThey do not take reservationsThey will only seat you when your entire party is thereThe wait on the weekends is almost unbearableThe French Crepes are freaking amazing!The Apple Pancake is delicious, slow and a modern miracle of bakingDessert for breakfast? Chocolate Chip pancakes!
3	The wife and I visited this establishment this past Sunday to compare it to the one we used to go to in Forest Park Illinois. I had read here on yelp about the long lines and indeed we ran into that when we arrived about noon on Sunday. There was a 20 minute wait and i was shocked to see this place so busy do to the fact that it is right next to a Motel 6. I say that because with the obvious patrons from the Motel i would think people would not come because they would have to "battle" with the Motel crowd.When we were seated we got a very nice waitress, we already knew what we wanted so we ordered. I had the smoked turkey sausage with 2 eggs, 3 buttermilk pancakes, and hasbrowns. My wife had Pancakes with 2 eggs with chorizo sausage and hashbrowns. The FOOD is definitely the reason for the long lines people...trust me we were not disappointed at all with that. The service was outstanding as well and while it is a little more expensive than in Illinois the FOOD more than made up for it.A personal note here: i was a huge fan of The skillets this establishment  made back in Illinois which consisted of potatoes,  3 eggs, your choice of 4 kinds of meat , cheese  and,  veggies. This was definitely the best deal in the house for the money, but this pancake house did not have it on their menu. You can order all of these things however,  a la carte but it will cost you, but trust me all mixed together it is quite delicious.Now i don't know if i will go again on a weekend day, due to the lines but i will have to visit during the week to see how it looks then. Also bring CASH because unlike the location in Illinois they don't take plastic here. So i will keep you posted my friends as i plan to visit them this coming Monday, until then Eat, Drink and  Be Merry!!!!!
1	I have made my last trip to this place.  A more fitting name would be The Original House of Rules...I ordered scrambled eggs and sausage...asked what it came with...they said potatoes or toast...I asked if I could substitute fruit for the starch (something I never get resistance on anywhere else)...no...so I opt for rye toast...they say whole wheat...I guess that will have to do...and ordered the small portion of fruit on the side for $3.75...bananas and strawberries...what, no melon - its definitely in season?  No melon...strawberries and bananas.  No cell phones (which doesn't bother me - I always leave my phone in the car when I dine)...no credit or debit cards...just cash...no gift cards...just cash.  And if you didn't know about that rule and don't have enough, you can step up to the Original ATM Machine and pay $2.50 to get the cash to pay the bill.  Maybe its just me, but I'm used to establishments being a little more customer friendly and flexible.   The food was just okay.  Not even close to good enough to justify all the rules and inflexibility.
3	Place like this always shock me! It was our first (and last) time there. This place is a borderline DIVE! They don't seems to like to spend money on A/C in this joint. The multiple sign's all over the restaurant telling patrons to turn off their cell phones is just plain tacky. The waitress had clearly worked here for say 10-20 years and had lost her motivation for the job. Rule-if you only serve breakfast...don't serve crappy coffee! Finally, at check out we discovered they don't take credit cards...at all-Cheap!!! This place was a throw back to Mel's Diner. Finally, the food was good but not great. I give them a generous three stars.
2	Pancakes are very good, the rest of the breakfast items are average at best.There is always a wait. On the weekend the length of wait is beyond reasonable (1 hour +).Accepting only cash is not reasonable for a chain restaurant.Not allowing you to bring drinks from outside is also not reasonable, especially considering the wait time (isn't it o.k. for me to drink my latte while I wait?)
2	Rules. Rules. And more Rules! No cell phones.No incomplete parties.No credit cards. (cash only)No firearms.No outside drinks allowed in.No to go orders on weekends & holidays.No smoking. (which is a city law)So if you can handle all of this, the food is pretty good.oh yeah... btw.. if you would like to try the blueberry syrup then be prepared to pay $1.75 for a 2 Tbsp. serving of smashed blueberries mixed with pancake syrup... They didn't tell me it was extra and I found it quite disappointing to pay so much for so little.
4	I was too excited to stumble upon this restaurant, having loved the locations in Vegas. Although this is a chain, the individual restaurants must have plenty of autonomy, because there were none of these crazy rules in Vegas. This is the only location in Arizona. The food is just as wonderful. Yes, the cash thing is completely ridiculous (but they will accept checks with a local address and a local driver's license). But the food is so, so good. I can personally recommend the blueberry pancakes (my old standby), the chorizo (oddly but greatly served with a short stack of plain pancakes), and the cheddar/bacon grits (amazing). Oh, and don't listen to people who compare this to IHOP. Totally different leagues (this one being far superior).
4	I had a very enjoyable breakfast and TOPH.  Good food, no frills.  We got there about 10 am on a Sunday morning.  Initially, I was surprised it is next to a Motel 6.  Not surprisingly, the place was packed.  There seems to be a shortage of breakfast joints in the valley.  It took about 30 minutes to get a table, but the turnover rate was acceptable considering how many people were ahead of us.  The server came immediately to get our drink orders as we settled in.  I finally decided on the apple pancake and I am glad I did.  Light and fluffy and not too sweet.  I got the junior size and I couldn't even finish that.  Luckily, my dining-mates helped me finish it off.  The regular size would be good for sharing.  Something else I noticed is that the portion size for the other meals did not seem that big.  I was afraid to get the eggs, meat, and pancake combo, but I think even a petite girl like me can handle it.  Some last talking points:  The decor is very retro homey.  The service is good even with the crowd.  Parking is adequate for Scottsdale.  And remember to bring cash.
2	Good times with family and friends.  In the Motel 6 where the kids stayed for the wedding, so very convenient.  Near great shopping.
5	Ok, Yes there are lot's of rules, but some of the rules are totally fine in my book.. The no cell phone policy is spot on.. The cash thing sucks.. The wait time is completely out of their hands.. The service is always prompt, and yes if you order anything that is not on your plate(ie:blueberry syrup or peanut butter) you will be charged extra for it. But there is one reason to put up with all of their rules.. And that is in the formation of the 49er flapjacks.. I have mine with syrup and Peanut Butter, and it is the single best breakfast item I have ever put in my mouth, I go to OPH during the week, I never wait, and I bring cash, and life is good... IMO stick to the pancakes.. This isn't Original Omelet House..
4	I can't imagine a better place to eat unusual Pancakes. My favorite has become the "Dutch Baby," a smaller version of the German, served with butter, powdered sugar and lemon! Decadent, but a wonderful taste and with the texture of a popover.Accompanying "sides" like bacon, and egg, etc., are equally skillfully prepared.Oh, the place is a little old and right out of the 50's but a better breakfast in Phoenix, I am still looking!
1	The hostess is a rude, crude example of why dealing with the service industry sucks! Cash only? Please, what year is it? The hosted threw mad amounts of attitude to my VERY pregnant friend. Then we didn't even have english speaking wait staff...
1	As someone who was a big fan of this place for years in California, I have to say that for many reasons, this would be the your worst choice for breakfast in Scottsdale. Our previous visits have always been filled with ridiculous waits for OK food and a very dirty table. This past weekend, we had the added bonus of a bitchy hostess/manager that actually mouthed off to one of our party and was completely rude and unreasonable. Please do not give your money to this establishment. (Besides, they only take cash...)
5	Awesome place for breakfast.  Hard to park and get into most times, but well worth it.  Have the dutch baby pancake.  It's stellar.
5	First off, I've read some of the comments about the "rules" being "crazy" - and I guess I'm just one of the growing minority that's actually OK with being without my cell phone for a few minutes...or, if i need to make a call, i take my call outside.  It's the rude & indignant that seem to be upset about this and the sad thing is, I've seen management remove people from the restaurant because the patron is incapable of following the simple rule of courtesy: no cell phones.Beyond that, if you can't put your cell phone down long enough to enjoy the best pancakes around, then you should probably take your happy a$$ down to Villiage Inn or some place that clearly tolerates you talking on your phone at full volume.The full stack of blueberry pancakes (with blueberries baked right in to the pancakes) and a side order of bacon (served up by Cat the Killer Waitress) is the best breakfast I can imagine.  And how about that blueberry syrup with a healthy dose of blueberry's?  this isn't just blueberry flavored syrup, there's more blueberries in the syrup!i've been coming here for years (and to the one on Greenway Parkway before it closed) and will continue to recommend it to people...along with the necessity to leave the technology at the door.  Gah, get over it people, it's time to eat food, not yap on your phone!  There are several other places you can go if you need to look (and apparently sound) important.
1	Horrible the worst service. No take out. Terrible attitude. No English speaking. Totally annyoing place. When I ate there the food was below average and no substitutes. Just the worst service, unfriendly, no coffee, no refills, mean waitresses. Hated it!
5	This place invented the dutch baby...for that alone I am forever indebted.  Rules aside this place is amazing.  Never greasy, fluffy omelets, perfect eggs and killer pancakes served with a side of 90s Scottsdale pastel flare.  A couple of words of warning: 1) Come early...the 65+ crowd wakes up damn early.  2)  Bring cash...this place, like many other small businesses, doesn't like forking over 3% to out-of-state CC companies.  This is not a new concept...get over it.   3) If you think IHOP is better than this place, I'm sorry that you were born without taste buds.  Cheers to my Chi-town family for turning me on to this place!
5	i am shocked by any bad reviews of this place and i urge anyone who had a bad experience to give 'em another shot! i have seen this tiny place tucked on the side of Camelback for sometime but wasn't impressed with its exterior enough to venture in but boy, was i missing out! these pancakes will knock your socks off; every cake i've tried has taken me to taste -bud heaven. i'm usually not a fan of the richness in chocolate chip pancakes but for some reason The Original Pancake House makes them so divine, i typically order them... but it's not without a thoughtful internal argument since everything looks and tastes really flippin' good. i feel sorry for anyone letting the minor "rules" that they ask that you turn off your cell (AS COURTESY to your server and other patrons) and that they are a cash-only establishment get in the way of enjoying super tasty pancakes. but i'm glad some people keep away - it means more for me!
3	My rating is not based on the food. Last time I ate there it was just as good as the one I worked at in La Grange, IL. It is definitely the service that has always been the problem. I don't know why. I've had a plate of bacon literally thrown down on the table at me with a nasty look. I've waited forever even after being seated. Things have been forgotten. But the food has always been good. It is pricey, but if they make it true to what they are supposed to do, there is a reason for it. I was an assistant manager at the one in IL. We made literally everything from scratch. We even melted a 25 lb chunk of butter to make our clarified butter to cook the pancakes on the griddle with. We ground our own corned beef and peeled the potatoes for the hash. The sour dough batter was made from a fermenting potato. The syrups were all homemade. I seriously mean every single thing was homemade. So all this does take time and quality ingredients to make which costs. With that being said, I learned how to make my own apple pancakes at home and we now have them every Sunday with thick sliced bacon and fresh squeezed orange juice for a fraction of what it would cost us to go to OPH.
2	Good food but a terrible experience. They won't seat you unless your entire party is there.  Cash only or local check. The rush you out so they can turn the tables as fast as possible. And in general the atmosphere is anything but relaxing. You feel like you don't even have time to enjoy your food.
1	Just had the worst breakfast ever at the Pancake House in Scottsdale.... long wait, bad coffee, burned tasteless pancake, slow disinterested service and when we complained they did nothing about it, saying that we should have told our waitress about our poorly cooked food (and perhaps we would have except she never came back to check on us again). I can't believe the lack of customer service of this place... they did not make our order right and seemed to relish charging us an exorbitant amount for disgusting food.... Maybe my standards are too high, but I will not be giving my cash ( and I agree with a previous poster...cash only?  please! It's the 21st century!) to this restaurant ever again.... Don't go unless your standards are low.
5	I have never had a bad experience here.  Yes you will wait at the week-end but the food is worth it.  cash only should not be a problem - they have an ATM inside.  No cell phones - makes a refreshing change - it is all like going back in time - including the decor.  Servers are great.  Food is fantastic - love their ham and eggs and chocolate chip pancakes - not had better anywhere else !
2	In Minneapolis the Original Pancake House is a high-end establishment.  We were vacationing in Fountain Hills and wanted a treat so we trekked to Scotsdale for bfast.  We were a bit leery when we saw the exterior and the adjoining Motel 6.  The menu was very similar to what we're used to, as was the food.  The decor, service and the signs were joke-like...reminded me of Ed Debevics where they treat you poorly as part of the abiance, only they are not trying to be funny at OPH.  Signs tell you to turn off your phone, don't bring in drinks (coffee, is my guess?), don't expect to be seated until your entire party is there and CASH ONLY.  Our waitress was such a crank!
5	I do not understand anyone that could give this place less then 5 stars...and the fact that I see it being compared to IHOP and ppl preferring IHOP over this place is crazy!!!  Tey must have ordered the wrong thing or been there on a bad day.  I have been going to this place for years since I moved to Phoenix and it is amazing!  I always get the same thing...the 49er flapjacks with strawberry syrup and whip cream!! YUM YUM YUM!!!!  That is not the only thing I have had though...the famous apple pancake that is more like a dessert then breakfast is still infamous there.  If someone orders one you can smell it from the otherside of the restaurant it is amazing!  I would recommend ordering one and taking it home then warming it up later and putting it with ice cream!!! OMG OMG OMG!! The French crepse are amazing and fabulous as well!  Ron's eggs with the potatoes is fantastic if you do not want a sweet breakfast!  Also, the bisciuts and gravy is out of this world!!  I would say this is one of the best breakfast places in Phoenix!!!  It is very casual you can go there in your workout gear!  I would always plan to wait especially if you go during busy mornings on the weekends!  Crazy crazy crazy!!  I would give up something to be able to eat the 49er flap jacks and apple pancakes everyday!  ITS AMAZING!!! love it!
1	Disappointed! We come from Denver where the OPH is AMAZING and were excited to try this one, YUCK!  I read a review saying more for someone else- you can have it.  The food was slow to come out, service was rude, space is simply off putting, parking is a mess. Honestly, we wouldn't go back if someone paid us
2	Service was slow and dismissive. Food was excellent-the best waffles and pancakes.  Place needs a deep cleaning and training in customer service.
4	This review is just based on my Apple Pancake, it was AWESOME.  I got the junior size and I ended up giving half of it to my husband.  I wish I had more time before starting my Hcg diet.  I would have loved to try the Dutch Baby, it looked great.  Service was fine, they sent us to the back room since we had the twins, I don't get offended.  My hubby was not thrilled.  Good thing there was a little girl back there with a couple having breakfast. It made it so much fun for the twins.  They had their scrambled eggs and then they devoured most of my hubby's chocolate chip pancakes.  The place is as described by most, kind of 50s dinner vibe.  Good thing we read the reviews and brought cash.
4	What a fantastic dive. Great corned beef hash and delicious pancakes.  Interior is not updated but the good food, hot coffee, and friendly waitstaff make up for it. Food came out really quick. Going to try the apple pancakes next time because they looked awesome!   Cash only and yes they have an ATM.. no cell phones which was kinda nice
5	Best in town!!
3	I have been going to this location since I was a kid and it has been fairly consistent except.... I guess some of the magic that it had when I was younger went away when I realized it was a chain and also probably since everywhere started serving 'specialty' pancakes. The BF and I went this morning and everything was fine. We waited about ten minutes, got a booth (almost unheard of on a Sunday with a party of 2!), and sat down. We both got coffee, which was fine, but the BF seems to think that they used to serve real cream with coffee... now it's the standard half and half, but I do not share that memory. I got a short stack of banana pancakes and some home fries and he got the bacon pancakes. His pancakes were good. Mine were alright... the coconut they put on top was a little hard so it gave it a weird texture, but the cakes were good. The 'tropical' syrup that comes with it is pretty gross and I'm glad I tasted it on a small piece before putting it all over the cakes... it tasted like orange rinds.... not my thing. The home fries were tasty, but overpriced at 3$ in my opinion. Overall this place is good, just not great... still way better than Denny's. PS the rules really aren't that big a deal... maybe people can actually talk to each other over a meal *shock!*
5	How many whole in the wall greasy Spoon joints have an hour+ wait for brunch on Saturday and Sunday mornings in Scottsdale?  1) The Original Pancake House!
1	Save your cash... No literally they only take cash lol. This sorry excuse for a breakfast restaurant only believes in two things which is to make your visit as expensive and quick as possible. Our experience was just plain weird. We were greeted by the waitress with "okay I need your orders now" literally just sat down by the way. Lol. We both thought that was weird and I can't even begin to start with the menu. Everything is overpriced cheap crap served a la carte and don't try to ask for any substitutions or you will be immediately rudely bombarded from three waitresses all chiming in saying you can't make any substitutions "No Exceptions". Lol! Also as this is going on our waitress is furious scribbling on her notepad. Which I have no idea what she was writing down lol. The food came out cold, no surprise there lol, and here is the best part.. We are 10 minutes into our meal and not our waitress but another one comes over and says " I need your payment now.. Thank you" what??? Lol at this point I am just cracking up and laughing. Our experience ends with our waitress leaving the restaurant without waiting for a tip. No literally leaving the restaurant, we saw her get into her car and leave. Lol ! So weird and we left giving the tip to another waitress who didn't even serve us. Wow what a joke, don't spend your money here, I am very surprised they are still open. And a message to the staff, get a back room for your bus boys, they were literally standing next to our table talking, making jokes and watching us eat our food waiting for the moment they get to take our plates. This place is just down right weird.
4	Great food and service.   This is the place for breakfast in Scottsdale.   Hash browns rock.
5	Food so good you just want to fuck it rather than actually eat it!
5	There is something to be said about an old "stand-by" where you know you'll get a fabulous breakfast, probably have to wait to get seated, and feel like you're back in the "old days" while there. Such is breakfast at The Original Pancake House. The owner always says "Hello" like you're a old friend, and he's frequently seen sitting down and chatting with patrons. The breaksfasts here are always (think consistently) very good, and I can't think of a visit to this place where the food hasn't been wonderful.One caution: they don't take plastic so bring your cash! And, be prepared to wait to get seated.
3	Read the other reviews, and I agree with all of them. I've had good and bad meals there, BUT it is the only place for an Apple pancake. Don't order anything else. Skip the extras and REMEMBER to bring cash.
4	Breakfast: The one meal that gets no respect...  Most Yelpers rarely cover the most important meal of the day other than happy hour....That said, breakfast in the restaurant world usually comes in the form of 2 genres: The over priced, pretentious, yet marginal quality hotel breakfast... ( Yes, the 15$ egg is alive and well in the USA ) or the greasy spoon so cheesy that even the most hard core of truckers would take a pass.Happily, the "Original Pancake House" in Scottsdale AZ ( about as original as Rays Pizza in NYC ) delivers an extremely diverse and satisfying array of breakfast treats without the feeling you need a Penicillin shot after dining... all at a very reasonable price. To be truthful, they have things on this menu that I have never seen in chain breakfast joints or snooty hotels... I had the "Ron's Special" - egg scramble with carmelized onions, tomatoes, shrooms & cheese with potato pancakes... a truly satisfying meal!Last trip here I ate twice... having the French Toast... then the berry crepes.You couldn't get  a bad breakfast here if you tried!Only negative, I found the coffee to be a little weak... but hey, food over coffee!* Point of interest: You can write on the walls here... and yes, I have left my mark!
1	I hate it when it takes 15 minutes to get a cup of coffee.I hate it when i don't ever get a second cup of coffee after waiting so long to get the first.I hate it when you get swedish pancakes, and they overcook them so they're hard and crispy.I hate it when places serve you sausage patties that were cooked a day or two ago, then reheated (and completely dried) for your breakfast.I hate it when your server speaks barely enough english to get by.  I hate it when breakfast places only carry sweet and low ("they just have the pink kind? really??") instead of equal or splenda. What decade is this?This location is by far the worst i've ever been to.
1	I'm so disgusted that this place is associated with the Original Pancake House chain.  I've been to this restaurant in Chicago, Wisconsin, the old one at Greenway in Phoenix and even the original one in Portland Oregon.  All those were great restaurants.  This one sucks.  Crappy service, cash only policy, cell phone policy geared to appeal only to the extremely old, and cramped seating ( you are like 2 inches away from the next table) ruin this place.  The food doesn't even match up the quality of food normally found at OPH.  My advice-- eat at an OPH at some point in your life, just not this one.
4	I've always looked forward to going to an Original Pancake House. This was my first visit to an OPH outside of Illinois. I ordered the spinach omelette with a side of bacon and of course pancakes. The omelette was supposed to have cheese in it, and if it did the amount was so small that I couldn't taste it. It wasn't very flavorful, but the bacon and pancakes were on point. Beware that they have a tiny little parking lot that fills up quickly. Service was quick and they refilled coffee regularly. My sister ordered the coconut waffles....one word....YUM!
3	You've been to one Original Pancake House, you've been to them all. Our waitress was fast and our food arrived quickly....what more could you ask for. This place is pretty far from my apartment so unless I'm in the area and haven't already had breakfast, I don't see a reason to make a special trip.By the way, the are cash only.
2	I saw this place featured on DDD and my mouth watered upon viewing the apple cake and dutch baby. I drove the 45 minutes up the 101 to get my hands on this delectible meal. The service was ok, nothing special, borderline rude, but I don't let that ruin my meal if it's good. I was super happy to see that they offer Junior portions of their famous pancakes. So yes, I had two. I ordered the apple cake and the dutch baby (don't judge me) Both cakes were better looking than tasting. The middle of both cakes were a unsweetened chewy flan-like consistency. The edge of the apple cake was ok so I ate that along with my hashbrowns and bacon but still left slightly unsatisfied. I also had to pay for the rest of my party when we realized that they do not accept credit cards! ????!!!! There is an atm that charges a $5 fee, yay. I won't be back, the drive is too far for something that is just meh.
3	Slow slow slow service from our server.  Not the best start.Came for the apple pancake cuz it's been years since we've had it.  Also ordered the chorizo & cheese omelette.  We're going to split these two entrees so it is going to be more than enough.Coffee is good.  Limited soda selection so my dining guest ordered the strawberry lemonade which gets one free refill.They do NOT take credit card, it's cash only and for your convenience (?) they have an ATM available.  Seriously, why pay credit card processing fees when you can collect money by making an ATM machine available.  :-pThe omelette WAS yummy, the pancake was pretty good but I actually needed to use a tiny bit of syrup for each bite cuz it seemed to lack the intensity I had remembered.  Must be aging brain cells.Service picked up once our waitress finally took our order.  It seems there are plenty of regulars that visit this place.Heads up on the parking.  It seems as if the parking space is kind of lacking.  It looked as if customers have to park in the street it the small lot is full.Will we be going here again anytime soon?  Nah, it's not likely unless I have an out of town guest or a hankerin' for another apple pancake.
4	Busy, busy, busy - - that was our last wknd experience here. Still awesome.... service was great, but on a wknd be prepared to wait. I was surprised how fast it went for us - - we were only a party of two. It's an OPH, so pretty much just like all the others. I like the eggs, bacon, and pancake combo. Extra crisp bacon.... my husband is currently hooked on the Apple pancake thingy. Yeah... it is very good!! Tons of cinnamon and sugar. The one thing different about this location is:a) CASH onlyb) it's attached to a ghetto looking Motel 6 or something. c) Parking can be tough, so consider it a start to a good day if you score a spot
4	By far my favorite breakfast spot in Phoenix/Scottadale. Adorable tiny little neighborhood spot with great food! Have tried the apple pancake, salami and eggs, dutch baby, and sourdough pancakes, all which were amazing. Be prepared for a wait though, this place is packed on the weekends - and if you decide to try the apple pancake or Dutch baby they take about 45 min but are well worth the wait. They are both a little piece of heaven in your mouth. The salami and eggs (and most of their other egg dishes) are also a real treat as they are baked which makes them fluffy and delicious!!! Be sure to give this place a try if you're in the area!!!
3	I think you could pretty easily compare this restaurant to an IHOP/Village Inn type establishment. It was similarly priced but the food was definitely better than your typical (cheaper) breakfast joint. We were seated right away but there seemed to be a pretty consistent wait in the small dining room. Our table was in a pretty cramped area which I normally don't mind but few people would ever want to sit that close to my typical frazzled Sunday morning self. Our food was average. I had a pecan waffle and OJ, the hubby had a short stack of yeast pancakes, home-style potatoes and OJ. It was all OK, our service was good and the check with tip totaled $26 (cash ONLY.) A good alternative to typical breakfast chains but overall nothing that made me swoon over my plate.
4	Best pancakes I have ever had. Amazing. Cash only no plastic kinda sucks. No Splenda sucks.  They have signs everywhere about not using cell phones but c'mon it's 2012 relax.
2	What a disappointment.  Nothing special about this place, located in the front parking lot of Motel 6.  We walked in and the first thing I noticed was the CASH ONLY sign and the NO CELL PHONES ALLOWED sign.  I maybe get the cash only thing since it's in close proximity to a Motel 6, but does a casual breakfast diner type establishment have to tell you not to use your cell phone?The prices do not equal the quality and definitely not the quantity of their food.  I ordered the bacon waffle ($8.50), but it looked more like a pancake waffle (flat) with, I swear, one strip of bacon crumbled on top.  I did not taste any "bits of bacon" inside the waffle.  Bleh.  My friend had the strawberry waffle, also flat, which turned out to be the best tasting thing at the table,  The guys both ordered sausage, eggs, hashbrowns, and pancakes.  Pancakes weren't bad, but like I said earlier, nothing special.  One of the hashbrowns was forgotten.  Coffee was good.  Service was friendly but average.  Our bill came out to $40, but honestly it wasn't worth it.The next morning, we drove a little further and found a Cracker Barrel.  And there you have it.
1	Horrible customer service...had the owner yelling, put his finger in my gf's face. It's too bad he couldn't even look at my plate to see the hair on it. Never... ever go here.
4	Having been to an Original Pancake House when I lived in Minnesota, I was excited to see a location in Arizona.I didn't visit this restaurant until my previously favorite breakfast joint stopped serving the Baked Apple Pancake.I've been here a couple of times for a "cheat" meal, specifically for the Baked Apple Pancake. They offer two sizes, a full size and a "baby" size. I think most people could split the baby size, but if you are very hungry and want to indulge, a baby size will suit one person just fine. The full size on the other hand is perfect to split if both people want to order something else.The first time we tried eating here I also ordered a crepe which had some alcohol soaked fruit inside with pecans, served cold, sprinkled with chopped pecans and a side of tropical syrup. If this was refrigerator cold it might have been okay, but it was closer to room temperature, there seemed to be an overwhelming amount of nuts, and it just wasn't that flavorful. I suppose anything compared to their Baked Apple Pancake is sub-par.The baked pancake though, wow. It is huge and puffy when it arrives, but it does settle a bit. I recommend waiting 2 or 3 minutes before digging in, or else you will burn your mouth and spoil the rest of your meal (don't ask, ha). A good way to do this is to ask for a side of whipped cream (which they will charge you for) as soon as they serve you the apple pancake. By the time the server comes back with the whipped cream, the pancake should be ready for your enjoyment!Even after settling, the pancake is thick, doughy, filling, and the apples are amazing. If you are lucky, the cooks will have put a little extra brown sugar on top so there will be some crunch, and your experience will be complete. You definitely will feel the need to brush your teeth after eating one of these (not to mention hit the gym), and you probably won't eat for the rest of the day. I don't condone eating these all the time, but once in a while for a special occasion won't make a dent in your daily diet.A couple things to be aware of; these types of joints make their money on sides, so if ordering sausage, bacon, or another side, the portion size is tiny. If ordering a soda/pop/cola, they serve it by the can (no refills). From the outside the restaurant may not look like much, but it is a great divey breakfast place. It is breakfast place after all, not a 4-star dinner restaurant.Yay for breakfast.And most importantly, bring cash; no credit cards are accepted here.
2	Food is good. For what they charge, yes portions are a bit on the small side. I have been here on two occasions. One time I ordered the silver dollar pancakes which I really enjoyed. The other time, I ordered bacon pancakes which were just ok. The place is clean and they offer a nice looking menu with an array of breakfast items, but the quality of customer service is bad. I don't like going somewhere where I feel like I am being processed through. On my second visit especially, my friend and I had arrived an hour and a half before closing. Now I fully understand that people are tired but when chairs are being stacked and the register is being closed out before the closing time is a bit much, especially when the server and manager kept coming up to our table asking us to hurry up and pay. We had just received our food and had them in our face demanding our money. May come back here, may not.
4	Great classic american breakfast place.Note that they are "cash only"
4	This place has good breakfast with a great selection. Its nothing special or fancy, but the pancakes are awesome with one of the most diverse selections I've seen. Don't like how they only accept cash and have a "no cell phone" policy. If I'm paying to eat somewhere, I don't want to be told I can't talk on my phone when I want to. I could understand if it was a high-end establishment...but they don't event accept debit cards here lol.
2	I agree with many of the other reviews.  The NO CREDIT CARDS ACCEPTED is a bit ridiculous in this day.  It was WAY overpriced.  The menu selections were really limited, I mean it IS a Pancake House, but there was nothing spectacular about it.  I had the spinach and mushroom crepe.  The crepe part was OK, but the filling tasted like previously frozen cooked-spinach mixed with cream of mushroom soup.  They  gave me a little extra bowl of ICE COLD mushroom soup (which they called sauce) on the plate along side of 3 crepes.  Bland, Bland, Bland......The waitress was OK, but the hostess was pretty "in your face" about the CASH only policy and rudely pointed me to the ATM behind me.   I was able to pull together the cash, without using the ATM, so really no big deal. Would I visit again? No.  Sad, because I thought it would be fun for my kids.
1	Made the mistake of eating here twice. Once, because I thought it would be good based on what others had told me, and once because someone else insisted we go. (They were sure it would be a much better experience my second time around.)Here's a tip for the owner/manager:Hire wait staff whose first language is ENGLISH or who speak it FLUENTLYHire wait staff who are friendly and efficientHire wait staff who act like they really care if I returnHire wait staff who really want me to tip themTAKE CREDIT/DEBIT CARDS; This is 2012, nearly 2013. The IRS must love you because you don't pay taxes on what you actually make. (Cash only means you only report what you want to, not what you actually rake in. How clever)The bacon, the pancakes, and fresh squeezed orange juice were great. The negatives above don't make it worth the extensive wait for a table. This place is over priced, doesn't take plastic, and the wait staff need a huge improvement. I'll take IHOP any day of the week over this silly place. You do remember you're in Scottsdale, right?
4	Cash only!!! Have been here several times. Only did not wait for a place to sit twice after about 15 visits. Have tried almost all things on menu, but the 2 faves are: Cherry Kijafa Crepes & Mandarin Crepes. Along with  the omelets, all pancakes...All yummy! Only bad thing from last visit, pancakes were almost cold before got syrup & butter...:(
4	First time we went here & we loved it! We sat at the bar top & up came the owner,  Ron,  which he sat next to another gentleman next to us. He chatted with him, then begin talking with us & I will tell ya, what a nice guy! I got a scrambled eggs/ham & pancakes & my Husband got the 49 ers pancake, both were delicious!  The only reason I gave it a 4, was the wait on food, however it was New Years Day. Great breakfast! We'll be back.
3	Meh, maybe if I was a  big breakfast lover. For me Bkfst is Bkfst-- lol. This place is an experience though. Total dive. The place is like from the 50's with the colors and tackiness of the decor. But hey that's what the three stars are for. I love diners being raised in Long Island. I really miss them. I have eaten here twice and both times something was wrong with the order, cleanliness, and/or service was very lacking. Very slow, very crowded, and the food is just not that great to keep me coming back. They are also a cash only establishment which is highly inconvenient for me. I have to admit their menu is extensive and the Dutch Baby, awesomeness of that German Pancake was to die for. The other stuff is just regular Breakfast food, and nothing special at that. The first time I went I did not like their pancakes. They was dry and not that great. I am glad I got the Dutch Baby this time around. That thing was darn good!!!!! I just don't eat pancakes enough to make it worth coming back that often.
1	Where do I start? I have been to an orginal pancake house in California which was nice and had very good food. This one however I think was the very first original pancake house because the decor was horrible and dirty. We decided to still try it and the food was not good at all. I don't know how u really can really manage to mess u breakfast entrees but they did.
5	This place is the business!!!! I go here all the time with my girlfriend and roommates.  The service is fantastic and prompt.  The decor is awesome. It's 50's style in a hotel... Reminds me of sinatra's Palm Springs! I have actually worn a leisure and fedora here!The food is to die for... I always get the 49er shoe stack.  They are light thin pancakes from the miner days! Bringing back my Bay roots!!The food is fast, delicious! This place is a must for breakfast!
2	the food is pretty good here but the service and management lack a lot compared to the other restaurants in this chain. If you want to order half order of one kind of Pancakes and a half order of another they will not combine them as every other original Pancake House does. Rather they charge you double for this luxury. Service is slow at its best and the prices are much higher, again, compared to others in the chain.
1	This place is a shit hole! Food was not good and there was hair in it! Nasty! And to top it all off the people working were very rude! Would not recommend it unless you had zero taste buds and could not hear or see....
4	I love the Original Pancake House!Their pancakes are AMAZING! I have had the buttermilk and the coconut type. The pancakes melt in your mouth and are best drenched in full-calorie maple syrup. They have some sort of Apple Pie Pancake that looks incredible- I plan on getting it the next time I go. I also have had the bacon and cheese omelet- which was huge! the omelet was super fluffy and full of thick cut bacon and cheddar cheese. I wish I could eat it everyday.  The only suggestion I would make to O.P.H. would be to let people pay with debit/credit cards. This is a cash-only business and they pretty much make customers use an ATM inside that charges 3 dollars per transaction if those customers didn't bring cash with them. It is a bit ridiculous since most everywhere takes card now. Regardless,I will be going back but stopping by Chase beforehand!
3	It was an okay dining experience. I was expecting something more I guess after getting referred by an article stating they had one of the best pancakes in the valley. I ordered the pancake which was featured in the article called the apple pancake. I guess it was ok. I ordered the junior size and only ate about a third because it was really sweet. The kids had a bacon waffle which they liked, but it didn't seem like it was anything special. The bussers were really nice, but the waitress just seemed irritated that we were there. I probably wont go back but it wasn't too terrible.
3	Here's the thing about OPH - I love it and I hate it.Let's start with why I hate it.1. There is always a long wait and they have a tiny waiting area so you end up waiting outside in the heat.2. They only take cash. I'm a debit card kinda girl.3. The staff is not very friendly and they do not accommodate special orders - they may have blueberry pancakes and banana pancakes on the menu but if you want blueberry-banana pancakes you're outta luck.4. It never seems very clean.5. It's overpriced.So why do I keep going back?1. The food. They have really good pancakes.Damn it.
5	I've been coming here since I was a kid. Haven't found a place with better pancakes yet. Friendly and attentive service. The cash only policy is annoying because I always forget but it's worth it.
2	Good food, service not so much. Server sheri was too busy to give any great customer service...knowing our party was of 5 didn't help her efforts since she automatically received a tip. And cash only here- with all these negative factors, I'll get good food elsewhere.
2	They burned my eggs.  I never had a place burn my eggs before.The Original Pancake House is a VERY retro-looking restaurant attached to a Motel 6 in the middle of Scottsdale.  The place reminds me of the joints that my parents would take me to for breakfast when we were on vacation somewhere.  I'd order breakfast, it wouldn't be all that good, and I'd have a slightly upset stomach for the next hour while we were driving to our next destination.The food here is mediocre at best.  I always order my eggs over hard when I'm eating out.  The ones here came with a brown crust and were obviously overcooked.  I tried my wife's and they were soaked in butter--not good--I could feel the old upset stomach coming on again. . .The potatoes here are a horror that need  to be experienced in order to believe them.  One bite yields up a mouth bitter with onion, garlic, and grease--no potato to discern.Pancakes, being that they are part of the name of this place, are the specialty of the House.  My wife ordered the Dutch Baby.  She thought it was decent.  It wasn't my taste--reminded me of solidified custard.  The regular pancakes overall were good, but I could have made something like them myself with a pan and a box of Bisquick.  There just wasn't anything here that I could say was distinctive about this place at all--no real reason to put it on my breakfast rotation.  It's got blah food and nice service.  No, I'll pass on this one.
4	Great classic American Breakfast food - and of course, lots of varieties of Pancakes! Buttermilk, Creeps, potato cakes, French toast, etc.Be sure to try the signature apple bake!And now they take credit cards!
3	Finally made it to the Original Pancake House, never been, but have heard they do carry a selection of different pancakes. I have wanted to check out this place, I host an monthly breakfast club that runs on Sat, and though that this could be a cool place to check out, but when reading the menu it clearly states that they can host parties of up to 30 people, but on WEEKDAYS only, well guess this place is out of the BC loop.  When I 1st walked in a few things hit me1) Plenty of signs on the door, inside the place and around the place that elude you to believe it's a cash only place and they have an ATM inside the joint, but on the door it states they take Visa & MasterCard, yep skipped the ATM fee and I ponied up the Visa2) Did I just go to Miami? The inside of the place is painted as a cool little beach diner, white/cream and aqua colors, but like a 50's cool diner, this wasn't an new place3) Signs stating to turn off Cell phones, um ok, I understand that in a small room it would be sort of rude to carry on a conversation, but people can text, and well play games, my phone was set to silent and while I was waiting to be waited on I did text & play a game 4) Hope the people around you are friendly because they are sitting just an elbow bump away, but it was ok with us, had a nice couple next to us and he commented on how it's like dinning on a cruise being close to fellow diners.5) I being 40 felt like the new kid on the block, so I'm guess my daughter who is 22 felt really young hahaAlso, again on being close to everyone you can hear what others are ordering or not ordering, and on the menu it stated that the house specialty is the Apple Pancake, and I was interested in trying it, but overheard another table inquiring about it and they were told it was a 45 min wait for the Apple Pancakes, and it's not that I was in a rush I just wasn't into waiting 45 mins to try it, maybe call a head for it? After checking out the menu, and yes they have a few different types of pancakes, but nothing really wowed me, but I did see a Bacon stuffed pancake and you betcha that's what I ordered and ordered a side of home fries. The pancakes come with real butter and 2 ounces of syrup, for me that was not enough I like a little bit of pancake with my sweet sticky maple syrup, I did ask for more, but it still wasn't enough, some/most of the pancakes were dry, and I don't like them that way, but the bacon was a thick slice bacon, so very good, bacon and maple syrup is the best combo ever!   The home fries looked amazing, but they were under cooked, the potatoes were a little to hard for me. Service was slow, it was weekday morning, so the place was semi steady , we were not check on to see if we needed/wanted anything but after 5 mins of getting our food our bill was presented to us and I was told we can take care of that at the front, kind of felt like it was a hurry up eat and get out kind of thing.  Glad I finally stopped by to check them out, but even with the few types of pancakes, I'm not sure I'll be back.
2	This place is a tossup. Horrible and disrespectful service, but good food. The worst service I've ever had in any restaurant was at the Original Pancake House, and I explore food establishments on several continents. But I still go back once in a while for their crepes. Not letting me and my girl sit in a booth because we're only 2 people is also ridiculous. It's the end of the day and there's plenty of room. Being overly pedantic for no reason is not the way to treat people. Especially not when you're charging them $5 for a side of 2 strips of bacon. That being said, the service this time was still much better than previous experiences with them.
4	People!!! They take debit cards now, so you can continue on with your fear of cash money. I love the retro feel of this place. The dining area is a tight squeeze so leave your claustrophobia at the door. The dutch baby is yum and their omelettes are fluffy and delicious. If you don't want to wait, I suggest coming on a weekday, it's pretty mellow then.
5	The Original House of Pancakes isn't a fancy place.  It shares a parking lot with a Motel 6.  It's very simple and clean.  This restaurant offers good service and some of  the very best breakfast food in the Phoenix area.  Today I ordered the Swedish pancakes--thin crepe like pancakes served with lingonberries--and bacon--thick sliced, much higher quality than is typical in such an inexpensive restaurant.The Swedish pancakes were delicious, and so were the Dutch babies and the potato pancakes ordered by the others at my table.This place offers pretty nearly every kind of pancake there is.  Everything I've tasted here has been excellent.  This restaurant represents a great value and is a strong 5 star recommendation
4	Great service and good food. It's a standard classic breakfast place that has all the expected menu items. I had the pancakes one morning and eggs another and both came out really good.
1	-3 stars. I grew up going to orginal pancake houses and was so excited to try this location while visiting my parents. WRONG! Very unwelcoming. I will even go as far as cold. walking up to the door with 5,000 signs on it should have been a clue, but we walked in anyways. I just flew in the night before and needed some Starbucks first thing but the moment we walked in I was told to throw out my drink or leave it with her... Excuse me this is a $5 beverage wtf would I do either? The signs about turning off my cell phone made me mad. Hope there's never an emergency here nobody can use their cell phones if they follow the rules posted everywhere. We walked out. They didn't need our business.
5	Dutch baby- yummmm!!!The hashbrowns are a must...Everything I've ever eaten here has been delicious and the service is great! They constantly walk around and fill your water or drink :)It's our favorite breakfast place! Don't let the wait for a table discourage you!!!
3	I get a craving for the 49er flapjacks every 3 years or so  and I took the family for brunch today.  We went early to avoid the wait but ended up hanging out for 15 minutes anyway.  I don't, as a rule, wait but I really wanted those flapjacks!We were taken to our table by a hostess who almost didn't seat us because my brother was in the restroom.  I had to tell her where he was...kinda ridiculous.  We were famished and ordered coffee, pancakes, corned beef hash, eggs, and a few other goodies.  Our water and coffee were never less than half-full, our waitress was reall nice, and we walked out with leftovers.So I struggle with rating this place.  The service was good once we were seated.  The flapjacks are really good.  The coffee was too.  They take credit cards now, which is a plus. The hash was dry and grainy and we took it home JUST because it was 5.95.  The eggs and hash browns weren't wonderful either .All in all, it wasn't a horrible experience but I have an aversion to traveling, waiting, and explaining where one of our party is just to have food that is average.See you in 3 years UNLESS I learn how to make them myself.
2	Used to go to the location in north Phoenix and Greenway and 7th street. Lovely restuarant, great food, always our choice for breakfast. Went to this one a couple of years ago and will never go back. Small, cramped, the corned beef hash, which used to be my favorite, was terrible, and staff was rude. Not a fancy location by a Motel 6, but a lot of "Scottsdale attitude" being tossed around. Very, very disappointing!
3	Consider this a 2.5 star.I wouldn't call this place bad.  They have a nice selection of breakfast options, good service and fair pricing.  But for a place called "Original Pancake House", the pancakes simply aren't that good.  Imagine my surprise :/  Now, I am not saying the food is bad... I am just saying... not that great.  And the flagship item, pancakes, were the main culprit.  Maybe it was an off day, but my pancakes were not the light, fluffy, buttery goodness, that I would've expected.  Instead, they smelled and tasted of straight up yeast.  I've never had that experience before.  Yeast in my bread?  Yaaaas! Yeasty pancakes?  Not so much.  Plus there was a curious lack of selection in the syrup/honey department.  I mean, it's a pancake house--shouldn't' there be some pouring options?!Maybe i'll give them another try someday, but for today I remain disappointed.
1	Be prepared for a long wait and below decent service. The pancake house had the audacity to switch their oil to peanut oil, thus alienating those who have the most common food allergy in the world. Disappointment just begins to describe my experience.
1	I usually come here a couple of times a month and I absolutely adore this place. But today was a different story. Their Yelp indicates they are open until 3 pm. My boyfriend and I walked in the door at 1:27 and got taken to a table. We were already feeling rushed at this point. Then our food came out.... Quite fast may I add. My pancakes were outstanding, on the other hand my boyfriend's 49er flapjacks were soggy and not crispy how they should be. Again... Obviously rushed. Before we were done eating at 1:50 our rude server brought us the bill and said we needed to pay then because they were trying to finish up paperwork. Then proceeded to reach over us to clear an insignificant plate. I then attempted to inform her of the hour of operation displayed on their yelp said 3 pm and they might want to change it because we were misled and then felt rushed. She walked away from us as we tried to tell her this... Disrespect like this shouldn't have even gotten you a tip you rotten server. Great job guys  you lost loyal customers!
3	Absolutely love the food here, but unfortunately they don't take to go orders. I called this morning and the lady refused to let me place an order. It's the 21st century get with the program.
4	Great for thier buttermilk pancakes...mmm delicious. Very nice home style breakfast all the way to the hot chocolate with the thick cream to top it off. Omletts are good, fluffy and fill just right. Great service and friendly atmosphere. One small clinch....NO CELL PHONE USE...ugh, but with great food and company who needs to chat or text.
4	I love the Original Pancake House. This one is super weird, but less weird than it was once upon a time. My first visit was probably 5-7 years ago. They had a multitude of signs plastered on the door and in the entry "NO CELL PHONES" "CASH ONLY" "WE DON'T LIKE YOU" (I made that last one up, the first two are for reals) They didn't have half of the things I was used to ordering at Original Pancake Houses elsewhere and they had *gasp* bad bacon (cardinal sin for any breakfast place) Additionally, the beverage situation was bizarre... like, I ordered a Diet Coke, hubs ordered a regular Coke, and they came in aluminum cans - one Diet Coke, one regular ... Pepsi? Service was gruff. The orangey/bluey/turqoisey tackiness of the decor made my eyes hurt. Fast forward to my experience 2 weekends ago... still lots of signs on the door, but I had called ahead to verify and although there is a sign that it is cash only and an ATM just inside, they actually DO take credit cards now, thank goodness. I think there may have been a no cell phones sign, but it doesn't seem as strictly policed (I was able to check in on Yelp and take my obligatory food photos) They even sat our incomplete party --- craziness! It was great. The birthday girl was running a little behind, so we were able to grab a table so that we were ready for her. We were visiting on a Saturday, so I expected a wait and bustling busyness, but while there were other patrons around, it was not jam packed and there was no wait for a table or service. Our server was pretty nice - not bubbly but not grumpy. The menu seems to have improved - they had plenty of strawberry treats (my go-to choices) and I ordered plain crepes with delicious strawberry syrup. On my last visit, the only syrup option for my crepes was "tropical", so I was very pleased with the current situation. Delicious bacon, plus some yummy pancakes, Strawberry Crepes, and Eggs Michael rounded out our orders. Great reviews all around. The beverage service has progressed to normal fountain drinks, which was much nicer than my past experience.The oddly shaped table was a bit strange (we were on a banquette in a corner and 2 out of the 5 people in our group sat a little awkwardly on corners of the table) and the super tacky decor still hurt my eyes, but overall the place is clean, bright, and generally welcoming. I will definitely visit again (sooner than 5-7 years from now, I hope) and look forward to more of the breakfast-y wonderfulness I've come to expect from my favorite Original Pancake House locations.
5	Whenever I'm in town and have time for breakfast, I stop by here. I love the Sweedish or 49er flapjack with lingonberry sauce.  They are also fo mouse for their Dutch Baby, it's really good, I just like mine better.
3	I love the oldies look of the place.  Nice that they accept credit cards now.  I remember they did not back in the day.  I had the baked ham and cheese omelette with hash browns and buttermilk pancakes.  I can say my food was ok, nothing special...  The service was good.  Why the 3 stars?  My friend that was with me found hair in her baked egg pancake thing (I don't remember that it was called).  She was lucky I shared my food with her until she got her own.
5	The best breakfast!  Good people, excellent food, no matter what you order.  (Terrific hot chocolate, too.)  Simple diner, the owner is a real philanthropist (gives generously to animal causes, for example) and a decent fellow.  Highly recommended!! And I LOVE the 'No cell phones' sign! Wish more restaurants had them! Great atmosphere!
1	Cell Phone Na*is  WOW  i was at the counter next to the wall with no one else at the counter or around me. and i was quietly saying good morning to my wife and daughter while waiting for my breakfast and this old lady waitress comes up to me with a nasty look and points to a sign that say Cell Phones OFF underlined and shakes her head at me with a nasty look on her face. I should have left then.At a table close to me was a family playing with an ipad making all kinds of noise (which i am ok with) and she said that wasn't a cell phone. I said so my conversation is louder than anyone else talking to each other in here? I had been almost whispering. She said its policy and turned her head. Breakfast was OK. Omelet is really big and fluffy..little too many eggs for me but OK. Home fries were average. Pancakes were awesome!When leaving i told the cashier how it ruined my breakfast and she got mean and said its policy and turned her head. I asked her about the family  on the ipad and she also said not a cell phone. I told her i was here for 8 days and would have come here every day but i would NEVER come there again. I also let everyone waiting in line( Saturday ) to know to turn off their cell phones.... its policy!
3	Not as good as some of the other locations in their national chain.Adequate.
2	My mom and I both used to live in Maryland and frequented one of the Original Pancake Houses in Rockville- it was our favorite place to eat breakfast. Staff were friendly and food was delicious. We had an opposite experience here in Scottsdale. First, when we walked in, the hostess looked straight at me, acknowledging me but not smiling, then turned away and kept doing whatever she was doing. About a minute later she finally came over to seat my mom and I. She brought us to our booth and literally threw the menus onto the table and just walked away. The waitress was a little friendlier, but not much. Not only was the service horrible, but the food was not good either. Hash browns tasted frozen. The only thing saving this place is that they do have good pancakes, but I really don't think it's worth it at this location. I could hear twoother tables around us also complaining about the service, don't really see a reason to come back.
5	It's been nearly 2 years since I've been back here. The first thing I noticed was that they now take credit card! The second thing? The food is still amazing. Going strong for over 50 years, Original Pancake House is a Scottsdale treat that you just can't beat! Try their daily specials; I had the Leo omlette and the salmon was rich and smoky. For a price that beats out your daily diner, stop in; but do it before 2 or you'll miss out!
5	My husband and I love love this place. If you are looking for a scene and need to be seen this is not your joint. I've been coming here since I was a little girl and it's always been great. As for the comments about the service being poor or cold I couldn't disagree more. It might be a bit more like service on the East Coast, efficient and no nonsense, but for how busy they always are that's expected. The food is amazing. Always. I love the French Crepes. Perfect Crepes with fresh sliced strawberries inside and on top, yummy strawberry syrup and fresh whipping cream!!! With a side of crispy bacon. Amazing meal. My husband loves the breakfast burrito. It's HUGE. Filled with tons of  goodies- egg, ect and has a green tomatillo sauce on top and melted cheese. It's his favorite breakfast. Enjoy!!
4	Just had a great breakfast at OPH.  This restaurant is easy to overlook, it is old and next to the Motel 6--but wait!!!  Go in...the food is really good at a reasonable price. Asked for bacon that was not gooey, bendy ie raw--came thick and crisp. Daughter wanted eggs, bacon and pancakes--but a specialty kind.  The waitress upgraded the pancakes to coconut for a 1.50 up charge.  What a deal.
2	Not nearly as good as the one in Atlanta. Having eaten at Original Pancake House there, we were really hoping for a similar experience in Scottsdale . We were surprised that the waitress offered no concessions on substitutes and never came back to offer to refill water or coffee. The waitress never asked those basic questions, "do you need anything? Is everything ok?" The egg was served slightly burned on top and was extremely hard. The general presentation of the food on the plate was very average and far below the impressive presentations from their Atlanta branch. We did get great assistance from the bust boy who got us extra water and offered to refill our coffee. He seemed genuinely attentive but he was obviously assisting outside of his normal capacity while cleaning tables. If you're looking for a special breakfast experience in Scottsdale I would look elsewhere. If you just need to eat, it will do.
1	It's very small inside, the atmosphere is rather boring and bland. I ordered one waffle and coffee. Asked the server if it was "Belgian" or "regular" waffle, she had no idea. It was "regular" waffle and not Belgian which was GREAT! Anyways, the coffee was sub-par and the waffle was stone cold. When I paid at register, she asked how was everything I said Waffle stone cold, "really' I saw them take it right up. Whatever that meant, an EXCUSE not an apology. She didn't charge me for coffee. I would not return, I was not impressed.
4	Good customer service, good menu, quality eating, so-so parking. This pretty much sums up my visit to OPH. Although I've been to other locations across the country, this one off of E. Camelback is no exception when it comes to quality.If I had to change one thing, it would be within the parking lot. When you make the left turn off of E. Camelback (coming from Phoenix), you can almost miss this place due to its close proximity to the Motel 6. In fact, I'm certain that Motel 6 sold the OPH property it once owned. The table that I sat at faced the Motel 6's pool. Not a bad thing, yet this property can be easily missed from the road. If I were OPH, I would place signage that clearly distinguishes this from the Motel 6. Altogether, a pretty good place to stop by to get some good eating!
