4	Who can complain when you're dealing with 99 cent margaritas? After I order a couple and a large fried quesadilla, I'll even forget that I recently read Via Delosantos received the worst report in 2004 for their numerous major Health Department violations!
4	I actually love this place, very good food and excellent salsa.  Its a little seedy around the gills but has the biggest selection of tequila in the world.  99c margaritas are good but small, salsa's are very tasty with the gratis chips.  I'm not a vegetarian by any means but DO get the repollo and corn enchilada....its a fantastic mix of grilled cabbage and corn on a tasty tortilla.   mmmm, fabulous!
4	Via Delosantos is one of the few places in Phoenix that a vegetarian can get a good Mexican meal.  Neither the beans or rice are cooked in lard, which is hard to find in this town.  The chips and salsa are premium, just watch out for the fried potatoes and such - very greasy.Thanks to Philip's illuminating review, I hadn't heard about their health code violations.  It's something I'll keep an eye on in the future though... if they take another dive like they did in 2004 I'll keep my distance for a while.
4	The largest tequila selection in Phoenix puts this place high on the list of my favorite North Central Phoenix mexican food spots. It is awesomely tacky, and the crowd at Via Delosantos is always ready to have a good time. Of course, it's hard NOT to have a good time when they have great margaritas for 99 cents at Happy Hour. The food is good, the service is good, but the drinks and drink specials are (*) great. (expletive deleted)
2	Not a huge fan of this place, although the $.99 margaritas are pretty good.  Great place to come on a Friday afternoon for a liquid lunch.I though their food was bland for Mexican and rather uninspired.  If you aren't a huge Tequila fan, there are better laces out there in Phoenix.
3	This is totally the coyote ugly* of Mexican restaurants. *Not the movie or the bar, you ass. I'm talking about the phenomenon. If you figure this out, you can figure out why I give it 3 heated and questionable stars. But, yeah, what everyone else has said, basically.
4	A toss up between here and El Bravo, both about the same distance from Point A. (my house).  Delosantos wins because of the real margarita's.  My favorite entree item is the red beef burro, some of the best in town.  Excellent tequila selection.  What most Americans would consider "authentic" Mexican (Sonoran) food.  It is kinda ratty, and any restaurant that has been around this long might have trouble keeping their health dep't rating.Edit:  After another year (and 5+ trips back), I have to give it another star, and amend my comment about the cleanliness of the restaurant.  First, the red beef chili burro is _still_ one of the best in town, I've been using that as my barometer for other Mexican restaurants, and this place still wins.  Also, they've cleaned up the dining area quite a bit, so I take back the 'ratty' comment.  Lot less dusty then I remember it, and maybe a fresh coat of paint, who knows.   Still, the prices are good, and the food is great.  What's not to love?
3	This is basically a one or two star dive that gets 4 food stars for an extensive menu dotted with quirky vegetarian options rarely seen on a Mexican menu.  Several dishes feature calabacitas (zucchini), corn, cabbage,etc. - including a calabacitas stroganoff type dish over a bed of egg noodles (instead of spanish rice), which was filling and tasty.  I'm not vegetarian - I just think it's different and interesting. The salsa is also unusually good. Our service has been below average more than once and the atmosphere inside can be quite dark and dreary. Once, a guy in the front of the parking lot was trying to sell his shotgun in broad daylight.  I dont say that to imply any sense of danger as to convey the marginal Sunnyslope surroundings that might offend certain sensibilities.  I'm glad I tried Via Delosantos.  We still joke about the shotgun, and the menu's a kick. But I dont plan on returning anytime soon...not unless someone puts a gun to my head
4	I needed a margarita... yes, needed.  I needed it immediately and I needed it icy cold.  Closest watering hole was a mile away.... and it was open.  Via DeLosantos has a list of tequilas that is 2 pages long... you can get a terrific margarita and a good dinner for 2 for under $30.  After our emergency first aid kit of frozen margaritas and margaritas on the rocks, we relaxed our way through 2 bowls of salsa, chips and guacamole... then came the tacos and chili rellenos....The atmosphere is a little of Rocky Point meets garage-Quonset hut shabby Mexican craft chic.  It is ultra casual, but in my opinion, NOT seedy.  It's colorful, and loud, and comfortable with liberal use of paint.It was the perfect way to wind down after a long day.... I think I'll have one more.Did i mention that the house Margaritas are $.99.  Good too
4	So the salsa has way to much black pepper.. the service isn't always friendly.. but the list of tequila's is TDF! I generally frequent this place for a cheap yummy lunch, green chile Navajo taco, and is super close to work.. nothing like tying one on at lunch time to make the rest of the afternoon smooth by.. just kidding, I never do that!
4	The salsa is by no means hot, but always taste fresh and delicious. As for the notorious .99$ margaritas... I think they are now $2 but still definitely get you messed up and are tasty enough for only 2 bucks. It puts some people off that the margaritas are poured from a tap like a draft beer, but once you have two or three you are fine with it. I witnessed such a lady make an issue with the draft margarita who insisted on having it shaken in a cocktail shaker. The bartender reassured the senorita that this was the house margarita that everyone was enjoying. She just couldn't wrap her head around it. I wanted to say "Listen lady, Its $2... and it will get you fucked up, just enjoy it"! But my reserved nature dictated otherwise.The atmosphere and the food are above average, standard Sonora Mexican fare that is not very spicy. The location is ideal if your buddie's girlfriend is having a baby at John C. Lincoln hospital and you want to have the "Holy Shit! your a Dad" talk over 3 pitchers of margaritas. Because when you are done he can just walk back over to the maternity ward while you finish your green chile quesadilla.
4	Above average food & average service, but it made me feel like I was in a Rocky Point dive bar.  Who doesn't love Rocky Point?  Good margs and a ton of tequilas to choose from.  Pricing on food was more than fair for the quality and portions.
4	It is just North of Dunlap and Central on the West hand side.But, it was a nice mexican restaraunt with very YUMMY chicken enchiladas for great prices. Lately I haven't been liking the red sauce that comes on enchiladas, but this red sauce was killer!! And served with the traditional rice and beans. I love when you get those great big plates for nothing of a price, and the free appetizer of chips and salsa (they gave two different salsas!). Also, they had house margaritas, small one was only $1.99, not even on happy hour!! they weren't holden back on the tequila either!Service was very nice. Highly recommend for some good cheap margaritas and food with flava!!
4	Quite possibly the best authentic Sonoran Mexican food in Arizona, no wait anywhere!!This place seems like a total dump, but trust me the food is awesome! Try their cheese crisps, chili relleno (anyone who likes this dish knows it pretty much sucks most places), Shrimp fajita burrito pollo fundito style... Some of their chicken dishes are not great, as I am not a huge fan of shredded chicken. Opt for the fajita meat instead.Try hitting this place during dinner time on the weekend, and you will understand why all the locals to sunny slope don't tell anyone about this place. Unfortunately the wait during peak hours sucks, but worth the wait! Parking can suck so just park in the neighborhood behind the restaurant. Also, *some* of the servers are not great, but again, the food is worth it.
4	I agree with the first reviewer that the appearance of this place may turn some people away, but that is all the better for you because you will get a table faster.  If you go on the weekends prepare to wait 20-40 minutes, but it is indeed worth it.The food is very good and the service is hit or miss but what impressed me most is the wide selection of Vegetarian dishes.  I am not vegetarian but some of my friends are and sometimes I just feel like eating something lighter.  They have a great selection of grilled veggie filled burritos.  You can also get sides of grilled veggies like asparagus, zucchini and carrots.  Be sure to try the grilled carrots.The parking sucks,  the servers are sometimes not nice and the place sort of looks like something in a bad dream featuring Antonio Banderas and a mariachi band,  but the food will keep you coming back.
4	I agree with the other reviewers that the appearance of this place may turn some people away, but that is all the better for you because you will get a table faster.  If you go on the weekends prepare to wait 20-40 minutes, but it is indeed worth it.The food is very good and the service is hit or miss but what impressed me most is the wide selection of Vegetarian dishes.  I am not vegetarian but some of my friends are and sometimes I just feel like eating something lighter.  They have a great selection of grilled veggie filled burritos.  You can also get sides of grilled veggies like asparagus, zucchini and carrots.  Be sure to try the grilled carrots.The parking sucks,  the servers are sometimes not nice and the place sort of looks like something in a bad dream featuring Antonio Banderas and a mariachi band,  but the food will keep you coming back.
2	Two colleagues and I visited this place for lunch today.  Only a so-so experience.  I have been to Via de many, many times having grown up in the Sunnyslope area.  They have consistently had good food and great margaritas.  But today's experience will make it tough to recommend.We were seated promptly and had waters and chips and salsa soon thereafter.  We took some time to look at the menu and decided on 2 MaryLou's with red sauce and a green corn tamale.  They were all lunch specials that came with our choice of rice and beans.  The food arrived within about 10 minutes and everybody enjoyed their meal.  My major gripe about this place was the service.  Once our meals were delivered we didn't see a server again.  I had to stop a staff member who was passing by to get some water refills (we were all down to less than 1/2" inch of water in our already small glasses).  No one came by to check and see if we were enjoying our meals or if we needed anything else to complete the meal.  When we were ready to leave, we had to go up to the front to get our bill and a to go box.  Via de is a place where you pay at the register but I still expect the bill to at least be dropped off.  They didn't appear to be exceptionally busy and I saw customers at two other tables looking around for someone to assist them.  Bad, bad service.  I don't know that I would head back when there are plenty of great Mexican food places in town with much better service.
1	everytime i have been here it just appalls me this place is still in business."This place seems like a total dump," while it may be out of context to Jaime M's review. i will confirm this place is a dump. it's horrid. i have on more then 3 occasions seen roaches scurry across the ground. on one occasion witnessed a minor stirring beans in a large pot. never have i had a good experience here. some of my family members love this place and come and drink margaritas from noon till they decide to leave. so i have been here enough times to know this is not a one time occurrence bad review. margaritas are cheap. but that's because they are shit. in my opinion. i like tequila with my margarita mix. umm thanks.the food. ugh. more then a few occasions i have had intestinal discomfort. the taste is good. but the second coming of Jesus 40 minutes later is not good. i hate to give this place such a bad review because my family will hate me. but I've voiced my review to them enough they should expect this.stay away. there are MANY Mexican restaurants in Arizona. and if this is authentic Sonoran. holy crap. i prefer the non-authentic Sonoran i get from other restaurants. i would go to Manuel's over this place any day.
1	update, and a warning to you.repeat visit 1:a nickel in the nachos, not a dime, a fucking nickel....last i check this is a major health violation.repeat visit 2: egg shells in my Chorizo Burrito. on a positive note: i didn't see any insect diners on my table. but i didn't look underneath it in fear of seeing a swarm. remember that movie Candyman..remember the bee's in the toilet...yea that gives you a mental picture.this place must have some serious pull to not have been shut down by now.
3	their food is about the same as it has been for years....though the prices have increased recently...which makes me think it is not the same bargain it used to be.  Don't get me wrong, still great margs and awesome salsas (especially the yummy one with a ton of cilantro...)...but...you might find similar bargains elsewhere too.  I'll still get their mexican pizza no matter what, however!
2	This place gets two stars not because it sucks, but just because it's very "meh". I heard alot of hype about this place from friends and my Hispanic friends as well that kept calling this place the "Mexicans' Mexican restaurant". Well, if that's the case, then clearly Mexican cuisine leaves much to be desired.I ordered a flauta dish that was large in portion size and skim on flavor. Like most Mexican food however, I felt like I was busting at the seams after I was walking out of the restaurant. One good thing I will say about this place though is that their chips and salsa are pretty good. In the end, I really don't know what was worse: my deflated expectations or my burning intestines the next morning.
2	We used to love this place.  99c ritas, good food, good atmosphere.....My family had been going there for years...But... over the past 3 years or so the service has gone down hill fast!On our final visit to Via's we met our waitress when she took our order and.. then never saw her again.  I had to get us more forks, ask for more Chips and Salsa, go to the bar for more drinks ect..Then we the bill came there was a 20% gratuity added!!!  We asked if we could have the 20% taken off so we could tip what we thought the service deserved.... that's when we saw the waitress for the second time of the night... She said that she could not change the ticket since there were 6 or more people on the check...  At this point we were very upset and took our check to the front to pay and never come back.  As we were paying and complaining to the manager the waitress takes cash out of the drawer and hands it out to us and says  "just keep the tip if you didn't like my service" in a rude attitude way.    We told the manager to keep the tip since we would never be back to their establishment again.Our family is very easy to please and we understand that restaurants get busy and service can not be 100% all the time.  But we do expect basic courtesy even if its the busiest night of the year.I do miss the old Via's
2	i really hate this place.but i have spent a lot of time here.cheap drinks. decent salsa. and old men who buy these drinks for you is what keeps me coming back.
4	I went here for the first time ever last week.....And I loved the food!Delicious.  I shall return.
4	Very good chips and salsa and great green chili! And believe it or not, one of the best cheeseburgers I've ever ate! And oh those margaritas... what a bang for only 3 bucks!  It's very old and eclectic looking, and the service can be a bit spotty on very busy nights, but we love this place.
2	Gross, tasteless food.  Good margaritas.
4	Our first visit to Via was about five years ago shortly after we moved into the "Slope" aka Sunnyslope.  Back then the waiters were surly, the food was good, and the 99 cent margaritas would knock you on your tukus.  About the only thing that's changed in that time is the margaritas are now $2.99, but you'll still get the same great food and the same surly service.  Well, that's not entirely true of the service.  It's been my experience that if it's a slow night and you have a female server, then your service will be top notch.  If it's busy or you happen to get a male server, then it can get a little frustrating.I personally think they have the best mild salsa in town.  I always fill up on chips and salsa then feel like someone needs to roll me out the door because I'm so full after dinner.  The portion sizes are huge, so you can't go wrong there.  My favorite dish is the #3 combination, Green Chili Con Carne with rice and beans.  My only complaint is the same with every other Mexican Food restaurant in town, is the lettuce they use as a garnish on the plate.  I've said it before and I'll say it again...Heck I might even climb up "S" mountain and scream it from there..."COLD LETTUCE HAS NO PLACE ON A HOT PLATE OF MEXICAN FOOD!"  There, I feel much better now.  But seriously, you don't eat the lettuce, at least I don't, and even when I accidently do, it's hot and soggy.  Who likes that?  But I digress.The bar is small, and always crowded.  The patio is nice if the weather is good.  Their list of tequilas is almost two pages long on their menu.  So if you're a tequila aficionado, then you should check it out.  If I had to rate Via on food alone, I'd give it four and a half stars.  If I had to rate via on service alone I'd have to give it two and a half stars only because it's spotty approximately half of the time.  So if I average them together Via would get three and half stars, but I'm going to round it up to four because the last few times, the service has been better and I really like the place.
3	One Liner: Good for lots of margaritas and foodFood: (scale of 0-4) 2.2You get a lot of food for very little damage. The salsa is awesome. The hot salsa taste a bit more chemical and it isn't really hotter either. Whatever you order, you get plenty of food. This is a great place for getting full while getting some margaritas. Extras: (Scale of 0-1)  0.7Service 0.2: Decor 0.1: Speed 0.1: Dessert 0.1: Prices 0.2: My score for this experience is 2.9 stars.
1	I have never heard of Via Delosantos but my sister told me the food was amazing and she was shocked I have never heard of this place. While I was waiting to be seated I pulled up Yelp on my phone and started reading reviews. Arik B's review was funny as hell but also scared the shit out of me. The chips and salsa were good but not great. The rice and beans were blah. The vegetarian chalupa had a lot of guacamole on it topped off with lettuce and cheese. I can't believe they even serve this on the menu it's horrible. My cheese enchilada topped of with their white queso sauce was really good so if I ever get dragged to this place again I will order that. During dinner my sister mentioned that she has seen roaches in the restaurant while she was eating and In my head I was thinking " Dammit Arik B was right"!
4	After Don Jose's on 36th Street and Thomas closed, I spent a year at home in tears, venturing out to eat mexican food very rarely, and then a friend of a friend turned me on to Via.  This has been my saving grace, and the variety on their menu makes it easy to take even the pickiest of my friends.  Being a fairly routine person myself, I regularly enjoy their mexican pizza, but have also tried and enjoyed their chalupas, tostadas, burros and enchiladas.  It's difficult to get a seat in here on a Friday or Saturday night, but I'm usually there in the early evening on a Friday for a much needed (and very affordable!) margarita!  Definitely a great little hole on the wall place!
3	If you are in a rush and need to get in eat and get out, Via is not the place for you!  I've been here 6-7 times and every single time the service has been so slow!  I'm pretty understanding when you are short staff'd and all, because one time it was pretty apparent no one showed up for work that day. Seriously, I saw our waitress once in 10-15 minutes, and it was during the day, so there were not that many people there.  It was a little embarassing because I'm pretty sure I suggested the place, to a couple of people who had never been.  That was just one time though, but I will admit, they are pretty slow all the time. I can handle the service so anytime I'm in the area, this is the first place I suggest, because I really do like the food though. Its similar to the mexican food I grew up on at La Palma, which is now a CSV, so any mexican place I eat at is compared to LaPalma.  I miss you LaPalma, especially your take home Hot Sauce mix!  I've only been here once at "diner" time, and it was packed!!!  I usually go for some lunch, to sit in the tiny bar area with my corona, lite of course.  I need to go back on a cool day to sit on the patio and try the margarita's enjoying the fact that I will not have a waitress/waiter bugging me all the time.
4	I love this place. It is our consistent meat the Caris' joint at least one night a week. Chicken Quesadilla for the kids, burritos, enchiladas and baskets of mini tacos for the big kids. Plus a $3 margarita or three... the first time we went for a business meeting our server was about 150 years old, but bless her sassy heart she was fun and had no patience for us until we sassed her right back, then she was great. Since then, the younger staff has been great, even when we wipe them out of chips!
4	Does anyone else think chips and salsa are part of the foodgroups? I do!Yes this is a hole in the wall, yes it is in a scetchyer "hood"  but it will be worth your time. Margarita's...check out their 2.99 deals or just for the heck of it get a piture and share with some friends. The atmosphere can be loud (decor and patrons alike), but for this reason, it is a good place to bring kids because no one cares when your kids are as loud as your adults.On to the food....Chimis are great, my husband always gets the heart attack style (this is not the name) chimi with white cheese sauce.There are a lot of vegitarian options here for all you non carnivores.If you are looking for good mexican food and mostly chips and salsa that should be part of the food pyramid, then Via Delosantos is your place.
4	Great food, good portions and affordable drinks. Huge selection of tequilas, in fact, ranging from $2 for cheap margaritas to well over $20 for the highest quality tequilas. Wait staff can sometimes be slow, and waiting times are long immediately after work hours, but it's usually worth the wait.The atmosphere ranges from casual to festive, and can get quite loud when one or more groups are seated. If you're looking for a yummy lunch or dinner and can handle a possibly raucous setting or medium grade service you'll be glad you came.
4	OK, i love this place.. i really do, but as you will read from other Yelpers, its not always the best.. i kid you not, when i first moved to Phoenix i noticed this building,and i have lived in phoenix for 21 years.. finally i went in, and i love it. then i turned 21 and i really loved it!! the margaritas are fabulous!!! the salsa is BOMB! the food,its good, the service..S L O W, but friendly and helpful. but really give this place a try, its good stuff!!!
3	Via is a lot like that 10 year old beat up Honda Civic that got you through college and the first crappy job after. It's pretty reliable, you don't really want people to see you drive up in it, it's better than nothing at all, but you're always thinking about that time when you can finally get something better. Highs = chips/salsa and the margaritas. Lows = same old cheese and bean mess you always see and a nasty bathroom and smell at times. It's the North Central version of Tee Pee. Head South and go to Gallo Blanco if you have the time.
4	I discovered this place on the recommendation of one of my coworkers about 4 months ago, and it has become my definite favorite hole in the wall mexican place, with very flavorful, smooth, red enchilada sauce and very fresh, large portions.  This is a lunch stop for me (you won't catch me in this area at night...), there is a beef quesadilla that is excellent or the mucho macho burrito will definitely fill you up, both for under $7.  The service can be brusque, but to be honest for this type of place I really don't want to interact with the servers any more than to give my order and ask for more of their salsa...
3	3.5 starsFunky little Mexican cafe. Food was in generous portions. Atmosphere was just what you'd expect from a family-owned place, colorful and busy.The tamales were very very good. Margaritas were fantastic. Our entrees were pretty solid. I would have liked a bit more spice to mind but overall I was pleased. For the price it was  a good dinner.Service was a little slow and spacey. I'd say it's a decent stop to make.
5	The margaritas are always strong and the food is great. The service lacks at times, but everything else makes up for it!!
5	Best Mexican restaurant in Phoenix. Period. Nothing compares to their delicious cheese-crisp, fresh tortilla chips and yummy salsa. Oh, and their machaca beef enchiladas with a little extra cheese will have you turning your car around by the time you reach Bethany Home and uncontrollably driving back for round two.* Their service can be a little rough around the edges at times, but in the end it really doesn't matter. You didn't go to this place to bitch and moan about service; you went here to eat the best dinner you've had all week. My only last piece of advice... eat a lot early on in the game, their dessert leaves a lot to be desired. They could get some legit honey for the sopapillas (vs. Kraft packets), and the fried ice cream is so-so.
4	The desk clerk at the Courtyard Marriott recommended this place. I told her I wanted local and I got local. I nearly screamed with delight when I saw the menu. Red Chili Menuedo, Calabacitas, and Albondigas Soup. I cannot wait to get back to Phoenix to take eat more of the delicious morsels. I had the Albondigas Soup and I really enjoyed the extra surprise of carrots, zucchini, and squash.
4	I've been bringing friends to this neighborhood find for years and only today learned it's not Via de los Santos! It's named after the owner, Delosantos. I went to Sunnyslope High School, so this is my old 'hood. If you like a place that's cozy and funky with nice staff and tasty Mexican food, go here! I asked our server whether she recommended the chicken or the shrimp fajitas, since I love veggies and chicken or fish. She recommended the shrimp. ($11.95)Wow! I ate the whole plate...which should have been enough to have a small plate for leftovers. But no-oh! It was too addicting to not devour it fresh off the grill. Whatever they spread on the shrimp? I was in heaven.The chips are decent. The chunky salsa was tasty. When I asked for a spicy bloody merry with a garden, they did put in two olives (no celery) and the server came back to ask if it was spicy enough. Nice, right?It was yummy. They have $3 house margaritas all day, every day. And 200 tequilas, which I can't report on because tequila gives me a hangover before I go to bed. And I hate hangovers. Just like you.It's located just north of Dunlap on Central, on the west side. If you can't park in the lot, park on the side street.Enjoy!
4	Mmmmm ... tasty. My friend and I split a giant entree for maybe $15, two frozen margaritas at $3 each, and I had a draft beer for $3.5. The meal for two was $40 with a generous tip. The ginormous tamales were especially memorable. It was what I expect Phoenix to be. And the cuisine is different from Mexican in Dallas or Albuquerque. Nice fresh salsas.
2	I don't get it. I really, really don't.  People swear by this place.  I know people that have gone here for years, and for that reason I gave it my three strikes chance.  If a place has potential, or great reviews I will generally give it three tries to see if I had just missed something previously before I will take it out of my rotation of restaurants.Well dear Via Delosantos, you're out!This place is a hole in the wall, so you expect it to be a lil quirky,  but I always left feeling like it was more towards dark and dingy. The service was never anything to impress on my visits, on my last visit it took around 8 minutes for our server to show up in the first place and I was considering walking out all together.  The food here is mediocre.  Definitely nice sized portions, and there are a couple winners to choose from, but with a menu this large it is expected that there will also be some losers as well.  They pride themselves on their margaritas, and maybe I am just used to stronger pours elsewhere, but I found them to be pretty weak.Basically, I find this place to be lackluster.  I am all about supporting the mom and pop, but there are plenty of other local Mexican restaurants to choose from, so all these people that swear by this place can keep it, I'll go elsewhere.
4	Was in Phoenix this week on business and had my favorite soup.  It is still YUMMY!!!  I love this place!
3	If I can add a half I totally would be at a 3.5 on this place.  The Mexican food is probably the best I have had in Phoenix.  The price is very good.  The service was fair, skip the guac but I would recommend two magaritas.
3	I went here last week. This place seemed okay, I have never heard of it before, but my friend suggested it and really liked it before. So, we went there, and the staff was really nice but everyone was quite 'blah'.  Not too happy to be working or something? (Who really is, right?!). So not too many smiles coming your way if you go here. Anyway, the salsa/chips that they bring to the table were pretty good. They have hot and mild on the table and I didn't know which was which (usually I can tell), but found out right away! If you like hot salsa, then you'd like the one on the table!  But def. good flavors. For dinner, I ordered the fish tacos (Tacos de carnitas is what the item was on the menu) . And the flavors were quite good and good portions I must say. However, the fish was overcooked so it was a little rubbery. **Just a note, they do have a Vegetarian menu which I found very interesting at a Mexican restaurant. So there is food for everyone!Overall I had a good experience here, the prices are a bit high to me, but that was really the only downfall. (And that I wish some of the staff would of been more personable.) But no matter, the company I was with,  was entertainment enough! :o)
3	If you don't want to read the whole review, I'll sum it up in one sentence -- Via Delosantos only uses yellow cheese.I went here about 4 years ago for a celebratory occasion, and was afraid to eat the food based on the smell of old grease and the look of the entrees on tables around. We ate on the patio, which is directly on Central Avenue, and after the horrid smell of grease & exhaust pipes, I couldn't wait to flee the scene.Last year, I was unknowingly led back to this same place.  Years had passed, and I had completely forgotten about my vow to never return. This time, I was pleased.It probably helps that upon entering my expectations were very low. I immediately was attracted to the kitschy Mexican artwork, their vast tequila collection on display, and of course, the christmas lights.The salsa seemed fresh and was just the right amount of spice. They keep the chips & salsa flowing so be careful not to fill up.  The margaritas are really sweet, but they're cheap and will get the job done.This is the kind of place where you stick to basics. Don't get fancy or try and order something healthy.  Get a chimichanga, burrito,  shrimp enchiladas, or a chile relleno, and if it's appropriate, get that sucker enchilada style. Be sure to have your Tums handy when done if you think you can eat a whole plate by yourself.The portions are huge and totally splitable.  Oh, last word of advice, don't get the guacamole. It's super gringo, and has a ton of sour cream in it.I'm giving this place 3 stars b/c it's a good value if you're sharing, they ambiance is very comfortable & amusing, and the service is very accommodating.
4	Part of me really wants this place to have 3.5 stars...damn Yelp! Anyhow, my rating is as follows:Location: 2 stars, though something is oddly mysterious about this place.Service: 2 stars, ALWAYS have bad service.Food: 5 stars!!!  Yea!!!I discovered this place when a good friend of mine took me here.  He said you will love it...I did...well, the food at least.This restaurant is located in the Slopes, so come locked and loaded.  98% of the time this place is PACKED and their parking lot is super small, which means crappy parking in general.  I have had issues with this and have had to park in the neighborhood or in the establishment across the street.  The facility itself is rather small too, which is maybe why it always seems busy.Upon entering I have found that it takes a while to be greeted.  The wait staff runs around frantically, although it only seems like I have ever seen only the 3 same servers each time I go.  The bar is located to your right and is small (sorry happy hour goers), and there are two separate seating areas, with seating outside.For the tequila lovers, you have A LOT to work with!!!  Their selection is huge.  I often just close my eyes and point, and there is my shot for the evening.  They also have cheap margaritas too if that is your thing, with your basic beers on draft and bottle.The ambiance is filled with old decor, but adds to the theme of the place, making it cozy in some aspect.There is a large variety of food to select from on the menu.  I usually have the carnitas or carne asada.  ALWAYS delicious, never questionable.  I LOVE their chips and salsa.  To me, a good Mexican food restaurant in my book MUST have good chips and salsa to be considered worthy of return.  I just don't eff around with this.  They have this covered!The only thing I can really complain about in this case is the service.  It always seems like it takes forever to be greeted, forever to have the wait staff take our drink order, then forever to return with them, then another eon to take our food order, and another eon for refills, and even longer for the check and processing.  Why is this?  Can someone please explain it to me?  If you are on a time crunch, this is NOT the place to go.So, with that in mind, I leave you with the humbling message to try it out!  If you can tolerate their lack of prompt service and risky neighborhood, than you are a okay and ready for take off.  Bring a group of friends, have some shots, eat some good food.
3	I enjoyed my meal here. I did not see any roaches like Arik claimed. I did however find the place to be old and somewhat run down. What do you expect from an old family style Sonoran Mexican restaurant. Their salsa is tasty, and the burrito enchilada style was great. I'd go back but It's not on my short list. It's just okay.
4	love via delosantos - good friend GREAT customer service!
3	We were in the mood for something different and hoping this would be greatness. Unfortunately, this wasn't it.The experience was "okay".The food was okay. Neither one of us was a huge fan of the salsa or chips, ( we were hoping to get closer to the salsa my fiance's mother makes since one of the reviews says "Not white people mexican food" however according to my fiance the food we had was a mere okay, and didn't live up to that. The service was a bit slow on drinks and we barely saw our waitress.It was terribly busy so that may have accounted for the service...although the food was out ridiculously quick! It wasn't anything I got really hyped about, not being big drinkers I don't think we fit the primary people that this place appeals to (those who love tequila).So if you're into drinking, this may be an amazing stop for you with its huge list of tequila, if not, you can probably find better food elsewhere with about the same prices.By the way, if you're going around dinner time...you're probably going to have a little trouble finding parking because they are packed!
4	I imagine there are a ton of great mexican food places in Phoenix.  I can't wait to find a better one than this - that's the ONLY reason I give it a 4 - so I can leave room for just in case I find something better (Note to YELP ... give me an option to do 4.7 or something like that... ok?)  Anyway - loved everything.  I hear what another reviewer said of the salsa - but my experience - it's like potato salad ... mom's is always (usually?) the best ... and everyone else is just not as good.  I loved it.  I loved it all.  My favorite haunt in Phoenix.
5	My absolute favorite Mexican restaurant.  Everything is good even the 100 plus kinds of tequila!  A bit of a hole in the wall but overall great place to go for lunch.
4	This is my favorite salsa in town, right now.  The old adage holds true: the less impressive the architecture, the more impressive the food.  You're not going to impress your boss with this Phoenix gem, but for an afternoon of $3 margaritas, or a BIG plate of flavorful food Via Delosantos can't be beat!
4	Wow!  I have stayed away from this restaurant for some time, because my last few visits would rank at around a 2.This most recent visit was closer to a 3.5 stars, but I'm giving them the 4 because of the vast improvement over my prior visits.A couple weeks ago I found myself "stuck" going here.  I hoped for the best and was a good sport.We ordered a cheese crisp and shredded taco appetizers.A basic House Margarita, frozen, was good.  The cheese crisp was super crispy and the perfect balance of bubbly hot cheese to tortilla ratio.  The tacos were the best I have ever had at this location.  Service was a little slow, but competent.So, I can say that I was PLEASANTLY SURPRISED by this most recent visit.  More cautious optimism, less avoidance, for now.
1	Terrible!! My wife dragged me here once again last month for her birthday and it was our last!! Here's how the nite went - sat down waited 15 minutes before we flagged down a busboy for chips and water. Chips came out hot and fresh with some tastey salsa! Thats when we should have left! We finish our chips and salsa - still no waitress, no menus and no waters!! And not just us mind you, the entire section!! Finally, a waitress gets to us and asks are you ready to order? Again, no water and no menus!! After another ten minutes makes her way back with water and menus and we order. Food comes out in five flat!! Precooked slop! Fish tacos stunk! No flavor - all fishy smell! Heres the kicker - shes drops a check on the table when we start eating and then gone again! She never comes back - no refills, no boxes for the kids meals, nothing! Again, this is the entire section!!! Well, I was going to skip out on the bill but, I paid and of course left her zero tip! NEVER, NEVER, NEVER, AGAIN!! My wife even apologized to me about going there - on her birthday no less!! AVOID! THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!
5	So. Fabulouso! I'm cereal. From the chips and salsa to the green chile cheese crisp to the endless parade of margaritas and shots of tequila right down to my bean tostada, out of this world tamale and cheesey cheese ensheelotta....Well...If it were legal to marry a restaurant, I would seriously consider courting Via Delosantos. But it's not. Can't marry a goat. Can't marry a gay. Can't marry a restaurant. We had attentive and friendly service and was informed because it was 9:30 it was last call. So we ordered up! Went with my besties who are regulars so I feel as though we were extra pampered. Extremely generous tequila list. Comfortable and cozy decor. Clean restrooms. Great company and delicious food.As Arnold says "I'll be backito!"
4	Wonderful food and drinks. Completly family run authentic mexican with super generous portions.
4	I will have to go there four times this week to achieve my goal as duke of delasantos (hiccup)
4	I was a little uneasy coming here just based on the area around however I quickly found that for real authentic mexican food, not a whole lot can compare.What I love about this place is that it is true mexican food.  Places like Macayos and Garcias may be good but they try to slop so much chile and baja sauce on everything that it really loses out on the real flavor.   However, Delosantos is delicious.I always get the Via Chalupas which is some sort of marinated beef (carne asada) soft tacos.  They are massive and comes with 3 per order with rice and beans.  They are mouthwatering.  I never have to add salsa or sour cream to them and have never been disappointed with those.Most of my family loves to get some form of the tacos, enchiladas, and tostadas.  Just depends on what they want mroe of that night I guess.  And the cheese crisps may be simple but they are cooked great everytime.I don't drink however others in my family will dine on pitchers of margaritas there and they absolutely love them.  I myself hate tequila so no thanks but to each their own. The chips and salsa are staples but the hotter of the 2 salsas has the best flavor in my opinion.  The regular has too much cilantro in it for my liking and I could do without it.  I had tried the chimichanga initially going there and it ws good but nothing too special.  But overall this place has solid mexican food, a friendly staff, and although it might be small and you may have a few minutes to wait, it is well worth it.  I'm giving it 3.5 stars because I haven't tried the entire menu and I am very particular when it comes to Mexican food.  But from what I have tried, well done!
4	I am a big fan of the green chile. I have never really had good service here, but the good food makes me not mind as much. I had lunch there today. The food was served less than 5 minutes after I ordered it. The food was hot and fresh. However, the server never asked how the food was or asked if I would like a drink refill. If you are looking for good food then I recommend it. If you are all about great service then skip it.
1	Went here for lunch with 6 work buddies, it was not that busy. The service was very slow, one they took our order the lady didn't come back to check on us or fill our drinks until the food came. After that no refills again. Very Crappy service. I ordered a beef burrito, it had hardly any meat and was stuffed with mostly lettuce. For this place being around for 20+ years, you would think they would have good food. This was not the case. Don't waste your money or time..
5	I have 2 words for you: Fundido Sauce. That's all you need to know. Go forth and conquer.
4	Four stars because of the wide selection of tequilas, but three stars for the authenticity of the food... Canned??? Oh well.. 3 years later and I still go atleast once a month! ;)
4	One of our favorite Mexican food restaurants in the valley.  Stay away from the Americanized dishes; instead go for the corn and cabbage enchiladas with while sauce, egg noodles covered in green chili, and assorted tamales.
5	We love it here!  We usually sit in the cantina because it's more fun and the bartender provides great service.  The margaritas are good and amazingly cheap - not just during happy hour!  Food tip: no matter what you order, you should have them put fundido sauce on it.
4	You really can't go wrong with Via De Los Santos, their menu is pretty typical but it's hearty and delicious standard az style mexican fare. I've came Here several times and every time I've left satisfied and without complaint. The Margaritas are tasty, the chimi's are huge and the salsa spicy. The outdoor patio is great just to relax and chat with friends on a balmy night. This is one of my favorite places to swing by and, to quote a yelp hero of mine, ''retox' after a long hike on the slope.
4	Great food and friendly staff.   The chips and salsa were very good. So were the chicken chimichangas. Great prices too!
4	Went here for dinner last night with a few ladies and was surprised by the diverse selection the menu provided. However, being that I was adventureous in even trying a new place,  I settled on chicken enchiladas for dinner with their white queso. I questioned going to this place altogether due to it's unfamiliar location, and while initially questioning my sanity/safety, i have determined their food is DEFINITELY worth dying for :)One of the ladies i was with raved about their food prior to us arriving, so my expectations were set pretty high. She also mentioned they had good margaritas, and to my pleasant surprise she was right! And, um...hello $2.99!! Their chips were good, their salsa was lacking flavor/spice (IMO), but their white queso was phenom! Perfect amount of flavor and spice. And yes, notice i said WHITE queso. Saw someone else mention they only use yellow cheese. Last i checked, i wasn't color blind. Forgive me, I digress.The other ladies ordered a bowl of the green chili, and a burro. Didn't try the burro, but it looked/smelled great and the green chili was also a success. To finish things off, we had their fried ice cream with half honey & half strawberry. WOW! First time i've had it, and i'll definitely be going back if only for their $2.99 margaritas and fried ice cream. It really is the small things in life that make us women happy :)The staff was entertaining, attentive, and polite. My only complaint about my whole experience was that on the menu the enchilada I ordered indicated shredded chicken, and it wasn't. It was chunked/cubed, and in turn made it very "chickeny" (it was STUFFED with Chicken) In addition, it was ALL dark meat. I prefer white meat over anything, but I suppose "to each their own". I think i'll just try a beef or cheese lada next time.All in all, very good experience, and at the top of my list for best Mexican in the valley!
5	This is one of the best old-school Mexican restaurants. Everything about the place is outstanding. Great sauce, cheese, beans, rice, salsa, enchiladas, tacos and the huge selection of Tequila. This is a legend of a Mexican restaurant in Phoenix.
5	I cannot say one bad thing about this place. Just get there early because the wait can be ridiculous. I love everything on the menu, but my family and I share the via mexico dinner most of the time. We share dinners because the chips and salsa are amazing!! yum-o.
5	Can not say enough good about this place.  I love it.  I love it!  I simply love it!  We have always had really great service and the food!  Well, the chips are thin and salty yumness and I love the salsa.  They keep you filled up and aren't like other places which try to ignore an empty container!Number 16 Combo is my guilty pleasure!  I have had it many times the way it's intended:  Chicken enchiladas with red sauce...but lately I've been getting it with Fundito sauce and I've gotta tell you:  I'm hooked!  Try it........it's a little more $$$ but SO worth it!I haven't had desert since I'm gluten free but the size of the fried ice cream is Gigantic.  My daughter swears by it!Man, I wish they were open right now...cravings have begun anew....
5	The best corn and cabbage enchiladas (with white sauce) in the World; been coming here for twenty years.
5	Went here last night with the hubby. It was recommended by several people. It is definitely an old school place. Older crowd too. The food was amazing. I had the muchaca chimichanga and it was the best one I think I ever had. Very flavorful. And the prices were so good! We are absolutely going back.
5	Great food great service excellent Tequila selection.  Check out the red Chimichanga
5	The Via Mexigo was an excellent sampler, the staff friendly and attentive. Two salsa dips, crisp chips.
5	My fiance's favorite meal of our vacation. This was recommended to us by the front desk staff at our resort and turned out to be less than a 5 minute drive away. The chips are a little thinner than we are used to but the salsa made up for it and then some! Definitely worth check out if in the area.
4	An excellent choice for authentic Mexican food. The bottomless chips and salsa the waitress brought at the beginning of the meal were excellent. These were constantly refilled throughout our meal. My personal favorites are the carne asada and the cheese, beef and jalapeno nachos. My dining companions enjoyed the chicken enchiladas and the cheese quesadillas. There is a list of tequilas available for every taste. They have Dos Equus Amber on tap (my favorite). The sopopillas for dessert are the best in Phoenix.The decor is shopworn but comfortable. The service is very good without being intrusive. There is parking available in their lot or on the street. They accept credit cards.
4	Mmmmmmm...egg noodles, green chili...my two favorite foods.  The cheapest and tastiest margaritas.  Not a great ambience but the place is always packed and has an amazing array of tequila!
4	Although I don't think this is the best Mexican in town, they are close. I crave the spinach and asparagus enchiladas with the white sauce. That is for sure the best enchilada in town!
5	I have lived in Phoenix for some 40 years and was not aware of this place until just a short while ago. I have been 4 times in the last three months and have had something new each time, there is nothing i have ordered that i would not order again and it is mighty good chow.  The staff is quite wonderful so I will recommend this place to any and all.William F.
4	Huevos rancheros! New favorite restaurant!
3	the salsa was very spicy, the chips  were luke  warm, liked their green pork   burrito. the green corn  tamales were dry and hard . rice was overcooked. i would rate  the restaurant  a little better than average, service was attentive
5	When it comes to finding an extensive selection of 100% Agave tequila, in Sunnyslope, look no further.
2	Great reviews, big disappointment.Cute place, I felt like I was in Mexico.Good chips. okay salsas.Food . . . chile relleno was a salt trap, green corn tamale was not exciting, my friend's pasta dish was entirely bland and kind of a goulash without sauce.  I did something I've not done in 20+ years here in Phx: I left more than half my meal on the table.  When I rejected a to-go box, the hostess/server didn't bat an eye . . .Service, nothing special.Too bad.  My friend and I love Mexican food (not Americanized, either) but we'll cross this one off our list.
1	Really slow service, people too busy talking and not enough serving. I had to leave and didn't even order cause they were so slow and unaccommodating
4	Food and service were fantastic - red chili beef was exceptional.  We will definitely come back. Service was friendly and fast.  Casual, friendly atmosphere. Things were a bit hectic at the front door with limited space for waiting. Otherwise a great experience.
5	What a fun restaurant offering great Mexican food in a casual atmosphere, and at Great prices. This is not a trendy chain restaurant, but a local favorite.This is the home of the 99cent Margherita.   They have good chips and homemade salsa. Their food is fresh and well prepared. They offer a full bar in this fun and friendly restaurant. The decor is interesting and fun...we have enjoyed this place for many years.
5	My husband took me to this place for our first date nearly 8 years ago, and we've been regulars since. Yes, it's not the fanciest Mexican food,  but that's not why we're regulars...the food is good and cheap, the margaritas are excellent, and my whole family is addicted to their salsa. Great joint that I hope stays in Phoenix for a long, long time.
4	Great prices, excellent food, friendly staff and lots of tequilla
5	Incredible tequila selection! The food is consistantly very very good. Service is always attentive. Both the mild and hot salsa are two of my favorites but I'd suggest asking for some of the freshly made pico de gallo.  This is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in Phoenix.  The shredded beef tacos are very good but the machaca are even better.
4	Not much to add to my review from July. I had the same dinner, the same drink.  LOVE it...LOVE it.   Keep the margs and warm tortilla chips coming!
4	This is one of our go-to Mexican places. They have a surprisingly extensive menu with a lot of vegetarian options and of course the classics. Their chips and salsa are muy delicioso and their margaritas are yummy. The servers are always consistently great. The only thing I don't like is their guacamole...it's creamy almost like a dip and not my guac style.
5	Best Mexican food in Phoenix.  I have lived here for over 25 years and have been around most of the well known Mexican food places  from upscale Scottsdale to dive South barrio.  Via De is the best there is.  Their Pollo Fundido is the best and their burro selection can't be beat.  My favorite dish is the Calupas with a side of grilled corn.  If you are looking for the best Mexican food in a casual family friendly environment or if you like a W I D E variety of Tequilas to choose from, come hereI know they don't serve any IPA's, but hey, Mexican food deserves a Mexican beer or a margarita anyway.
4	So I was craving some good Mexican last night and some quality time with my best bud from HS.  We decided to try this place based on the recommendation of another long-time friend.  We decided to meet up at 5:30 and the place was already packed.  I was able to score a table outside on the patio....no frills but very pleasant.  Our waitress took the time to explain the menu to us, pointing out some of the more popular items and I told her of my quest for the perfect red sauce.  Best Bud arrived about one margarita in we commenced to catching up.  Chips were fresh and the salsa were both redolent with cilantro.  We shared a cheese crisp with hatch chiles on my half and it was really good.  Great tortilla and (of course) I adore cheese, so that was a good start.  We ordered entrees; my friend ordered the pollo fundido and I had a cheese enchilada with red sauce.  Now, we all know that I am on a perpetual quest for the perfect red sauce and bloody mary combo; I didn't have a bloody mary but the red sauce was good.  Not the best I've had but certainly up to snuff for a Phoenix native who NEEDS her Mexican fix from time to time.  So, to sum it up: nice casual ambiance, good (reasonably priced) food and drinks, friendly service, and a mellow group enjoying hanging out while waiting for a table adds up to a good time.  Put this one on your regular rotation.
4	Excellent food. Charning atmosphere. Friendly staff. Cute bar attached. The chips are homemade-as is most everything else. Great prices, great portions. Well done margaritas and plenty of veggie options. Please note they do *not* use lard AND they are open 7 days a week. Some searches will tell you otherwise.Chalupas and Chili Rellenios are recommended!
4	Great food and drinks at great prices! Gave 4 stars because of the wait, but it was worth it!
1	This used to be my favorite Mexican food restaurant in Phoenix.  About a year ago my husband and I both became violently ill a few hours after eating there, and after reviewing what we ate in common determined it had to be the salsa.  So we stayed away until Sat. night when we decided to give it a try again.  The place has always been scary by its appearance but we were amazed how much it had run down in just a year.  Everything was dirty, from the floors on up, including the inch of grime covering all the crap hanging on the walls, which keeps them from really cleaning or putting a badly needed fresh coat of paint on the place.  There are holes in the booths with stuffing spilling out and there was a big smear of dried salsa on the mirror hanging right next to my head.  All very unappealing!  Add to that stale, tough tortilla chips, a very bland green chili burro and watered-down Margarita and I'm writing off an old favorite.   Unless you really like the dangerous feeling you get when you walk into a border town dive, stay away!
4	I love this place, the bar is really small but it's totally cool.  This is what I call a local neighborhood restaurant/bar.  Great food and I just tried the Carna Picada for the first time and it's my new favorite dish.  If you like jalepenos and carna asada (or pork) you can't go wrong with this dish.  Make sure you try one of the house margaritas, they are $2.99 all day, every day.  Salsa is really good and so are the chips.  This is an old school Phoenix Mexican restaurant, you can't go wrong.  I am docking it 1 star because I think the carna asada could be trimmed better, I have had some fatty pieces before in my meals.  This is something easy to fix, they just need to pay closer attention to the details.
5	This is my favorite Mexican food restaurant in Phoenix.  I was introduced to this place when I first moved to Arizona, and has been my go to place for Mexican food since.  Whenever I get company in town to visit I always make sure this is a trip we make out to eat.  Great food, decent prices, and love the atmosphere.
4	I only go to Via for the Salsa. We fill up on both types of their salsas with chips and I sometimes take home my entree. And I'm not even disappointed! Also, you can order the salsa for take out, and it's definitely worth it. I wasn't so impressed with Via's Chile Verde and the rice is dry at times but hey, the salsa! I'm giving 4 stars because of the outstanding service, the great ambiance and (guess what) The salsa!!
5	Parking lot always full. Great Yelp Reviews. WOW! Great food. Friendly service. Authentic charm. I'll be back often.
4	Overall I like their food. Lots of chips and great salsa..both hot and mild. always free and as many as you can eat. Beer is cold cold cold. staffer pleasant and prompt. great with drink refills. All items are delicious. Sopapillas...really good.  Best mexican food around. Pleasant , casual atmosphere and not expensive. good value for the money.
4	The waitress was wonderful!!! Very friendly, she made the experience worthwhile. Great margaritas and the chips and salsa - whew! Wonderful! Chile Relleno, not so much. Too much breading. I would go there again, though and try something else.
5	Best Mexican food that I have enjoyed in a long time. Chips and salsa are fresh. Margaritas are strong, delicious, and 3$! The plates are filling and flavorful, the specialties are always a winner. Service is great, but I also don't expect servers to kiss my  bum. Feels like your in Mexico, without the drug lords, food is always good when I come! Mmmm good, that's all I can say.
5	Best in town I've been going here for 10 years...  pollo fundido death row meal ...
1	I have been a regular at Via for over 20 years. The food was always great but the service often lagged. They fixed that over the recent years but the food quality is now sagging and the portions are shrinking. Went there the other night...ordered chicken tacos. When they came we found they were rancid...stunk so bad we almost got ill right there. The server they told us they make them in the morning...yuck. That does it for us...moving on.
4	Met up with some of my favorite folks last night because I NEEDED some cheese enchiladas paired with a margarita or two.  This little place has great service and really nice servers and wait staff...it was an enjoyable evening from start to finish.  The food is good ol' sonoran-style and I changed up my regular order to include green chile .  Yum Yum Yum!!!!  I like the fact that there are vegetarian options and the prices are really reasonable.  One of my friends has been eating there weekly for several years now so that's a pretty high recommendation.  I'm finding out that they have other regulars as well.  Still looking for the perfect red sauce but this place is OK in my book.
5	Good foot, cheap prices on Alcohol and food!  Definitely recommend this place!
4	Haven't had anything I don't like here. The carne asada taco has been a go-to for me. But it seems like one of those places you keep trying new things and keep liking them. Definite to return!
4	Solid 4 stars, the food is almost 5 stars. The decor and dish ware are lacking but it's a hole in the wall what do you expect?? First visit was two weeks ago and I took the family back twice since. It's definitely worth checking out...oh yeah, $3 house Margaritas and $4 small pitchers of beer-----good times
4	My first trip to Via was about a year ago for a friend's birthday. I was kind of surprised that she chose this little place 45 minutes away from her home in Tempe, but immediately understood as I walked into the front door. It's kitschy-cute, loud, unpretentious, and STACKED with hundreds of different options of tequila. What's not to love?The veggie-friendly menu is pretty awesome, too, and definitely a huge plus for a sit-down Mexican food restaurant. I've literally had cravings just for their rice alone. So good!The house margaritas are something ridiculous like $2 or $3 a piece but are pretty syrupy sweet. I ask for half the syrup and a splash of ice water, and they're actually drinkable. This may not be a place you want to go to for a romantic date or a 'light' lunch, but it will be the place that resonates in the back of your mind anytime someone suggests grabbing Mexican food. Listen to that voice.
5	food is off the hook!! I had 2 tacos with a spicey carne sada dish, rice an beans, My lady had the Chimi with rice an beans... The only thing is the service sucks, kinda rude ppl. I.found a Louie V purse in or booth, I turned it in Asap, I only hope they did the right thing.
2	This used to be someplace I looked forward to when I visited Phoenix.  Last two times .. big disappointment.  Won't go back unless management tells me what they identified as what went "wrong" with so many folks saying just this same thing (it USED to be good) ... and what they did to fix it.  Too many places who want my money to waste it here.If I had a choice between Via and Taco Bell.... it's a toss up.  Still trying to find the mexican food in Phoenix that I can LOVE again.  The Gallo Blanco at the Clarendon shows promise, but I'm still looking.  Sad.
3	Pretty typical sit down mexican cuisine. It isn't super authentic, but it is better than those other commercialized places like Azteca.I would put this on fighting ground with that Irish Mexican place on 16th st. (i forget it's name). definitely would prefer this place. it is more hole in the wall.Food has HUGE servings. I walked away happy.The green chili quesadilla isn't bad (not the best i've had though)
3	Tried one more time. Better than last, but still not up to where it was in the past. So sad.
2	Oh no!  Me thinks not.  Food is bland and lacks creativity.  Service is also not attentive either.  I received a soda refill with a hole in the glass which I discovered a stream forming on the table.  The waitress didn't understand leaking glass so I had to explain HOLE in glass.  I received another soda but the stream was still alive and well.  She did not come back to soak up the spill.   Our plates were surfing Baja style.  Ten minutes later,  gut bomb has been set off.  They may have an extensive menu, but I would pass even on the table of contents.
4	This place rocks! Co-winner of the best chips and salsa in the valley. Best house Margs at $3.00 each...top that one! The Mexican pasta with wide egg noodles topped with their green chili is addictive and you won't find that one anywhere else. Its always busy and hectic but somehow they find you a table quickly. They also tend to remember you on return visits which means they don't have turnover of their help like the chain places do. Highly recommended and would give it the coveted fifth star if they would someday do a little remodeling as it is "rustic" and then some if you get my drift.
3	Pretty good. It is a pretty authentic and traditional fare and hole in the wall ambience.
5	Huge menu, gluten free friendly, vegetarian friendly, best chips, nice and thin. They have salsa and hot sauce, both have great flavor. Huge selection of top choice tequilas. Great service, fast and very pleasant. Eat here!
5	The best tacos I have ever had anywhere. They deep fat fry the taco shell with the shredded beef in it so it's all cooked up together. Then the lettuce, tomato, & cheese on it are perfect.Order the tacos!The rest is really good. Everything 4 or 5 stars.The beer selection sucks. They have a good choice of Mexican beer but no American microbrews. The margaritas are a 4.Did I mention the tacos?
5	Love this place! I can't find authentic Mexican food like this anywhere else. Everything on their menu is great and their chips and salsa are THE best.
4	This bar must have the largest selection of tequilas in the west with 180 choices. The bartender mentioned, at one point they had over 300. I was introduced to this one of a kind establishment by a friend and immediately became a big fan!!Small in size it packs a huge impression, as you walk in and admire the abundance of premium tequilas on display. Inside the bar, empty tequila bottles hang upside down from the ceiling that surrounds a cozy bar. Ordered the Tacos, because that's what goes best with tequila & beer and they've done themselves proud to make a great tasting crispy taco!  Prices for food and tequila match the quality of choices, but it can get expensive if you enjoy top shelf tequila. Can't wait to come back and sample other unique choices.
4	Jimmy is my favorite bartender. This is where you come to find out what is going on in the neighborhood. The beans r the best in Phoenix!!!
5	The waiter was very helpful and suggested the Pollo Fundido.  Got it and it was amazing!  The chips and salsa were also very good and a few Mexican beers helped things go down smoothly.
3	Very casual setting.  Close to divvy.  Friendly service.  Tomato sauce based salsa.  Not really authentic.  Too tomatoey.  Chicken quesadillas and mini tacos were good but nothing special.
4	I've been going to this place for years.  I love the fact that they serve grilled veggies and a wide variety of them.  I also enjoy their inexpensive margaritas, enjoy their chips and salsa, and the laid back atmosphere.  This is a true hole in the wall, but this establishment's food and margaritas are the treasure in that hole!
4	Perfect family run local Mexican food joint with some of the finest tequila in town.  At least the variety is fine.  The flautas are great and the service good.  Busy on weekends
5	Absolutely AMAZING! By far the best mexican food I have ever had. My boyfriend had eaten here before and brought me here to try their food.. All I know is we will be back many many times in the future! Although the staff could be a little friendlier, the food made up for it! Thank you Via Delosantos!!
1	This place should change its name to Via De Los Banos. Pull up a chair and prepare to swat flies away from your plate!
5	My Favorite Mexican place! LOVE the Margaritas!!! Me and my husband frequent this place often. Amazing Queso dip and Steak burritos!
5	This is my favorite Mexican food restaurant in the whole world! Their food is authentic, good quality as well as delicious!They have very good customer service. The servers are friendly, attentive and consistent.Their margaritas are amazing for drinks.Everything that they offer is good. I've never tried something here that I didn't like.It's amazing food for an inexpensive price. It's a place that will leave your taste buds happy.
1	Salsa had no heat, not even the hot one.   food was flavorless and over cooked.   Service was horrendous.   Nothing to say good things about.   Vegetable fajita had no seasoning and tasted canned and greasy.   Fish fajitas also lacked seasoning and fish was cut into small pieces and treated as though thawed.   Guacamole tasted store bought.  Would not recommend
4	Good hole in the wall mexican food.  The shredded beef taco was solid, but they put it on top of my beans, which makes it soggy.  Good margaritas too.  The cheese enchilada was perfect.
3	I was brought here by a local who had never been here, but was told this place had great, authentic food. Unfortunately, the majority of the menu consists of the same old Americanized-Mexican food that you will find at most Mexican places. There are a couple of standouts - the salsa verde chili Colorado was pretty good. The bowl of chili app was pretty good as well. Tequila selection is extensive. Overall, nothing really to rave about. A solid meal, at a decent price. Service was fast and friendly. I'd visit again.
1	Like so many others here I agree that it was good years ago but not now. If you read the inspection reports on the Maricopa County website you will see why. They got caught mixing their salsa in a bucket with an electric drill and a paint stirring attachment! They were also cited for numerous infractions including spreading food borne illness, roaches coming out of cracks in the kitchen walls, etc. The food is not always fresh and more than once we have sent back dishes because the meat was so rancid you could smell it a foot away. Beware of the salsa if it appears to be bubbly, that's from gasses coming from bacteria in the salsa. Now I have another more serious complaint. They posted an unauthorized charge to my card on our LAST visit, (by last I mean final as well). Whether it was fraud or a clerical mistake I don't know but you need to watch them closely. My recommendation is to find someplace else.
4	This is out go to Mexican place. The food is the usual choices but taste is good . They accommodate my active 2 year old well but they are always busy!
1	This is one of the worst places. Really I can't believe that they expect people to pay for this stuf they serve as food. We ordered fajitas & were served scraps of meat. Also, for a Mexican food restaurant to serve guacamole from a package is a bad sign.
3	Food was good, staff was nice.  Margarita was mediocre.  This off the beaten path little place was great for my out of town group.  I would suggest the shredded beef chimichanga.  It was pretty good!
4	I love this place.  It reminds me of my trips to Nogales as a kid with family.  The plates are always hot, the food flavorful and the staff consistently friendly and attentive.  Great chips and salsa and they keep them coming.  The only recommendation I have is to double check your bill.  My uncle mentioned that he regularly gets overcharged here so we started paying attention to our receipt.  Sure enough, the last three times we have been here we were charged more that we should have.
1	Lunch here yesterday. Service was terrible and my friend was served her lunch without utensils. She asked for utensils and the waitress left and did not return. I got up and asked the hostess and she gave me attitude. I didn't get what I ordered but ate it anyway. The food was good. The fly buzzing our table was not. I'll never go here again. Bad service.
5	As a newbie to Mexican food this is a nice transition from taco bell.  The rice and beans are savory and the enchiladas are guaranteed to lull you to sleep soon afterwards.  Fresh salsa,  cheap drinks.  Friendly  and colorful environment.  They were  patient as I inquired about the variety and my general ignorance and misprouncation of the food.   I shall return!
5	Far and away my favorite Mexican restaurant in AZ.  Food is always fast and great, carne asada is spot on and everything is delicious.  Always leave full, happy, and when off the clock with a little buzz on.  Great place to bike to as it is close to the canal path through central Phoenix.  Good for Breakfast lunch and dinner.  I don't live close but it is worth the drive. Cool patio when the weather is nice.  Middle of Sunnyslope just south of Hatcher, if that is too much of an issue for you well than thank you for leaving a seat open.
4	Most definitely a whole in the wall place, the food is very good.  On a recent visit the waiter suggested the cabbage and corn enchilada. Since then I've ordered them, they are very tasty.  The cheese crisps are a good appetizer to get you started as well, great variety.
3	Just average. Still eat here all the time though. Lol. The chips and salsa are really good. Beware of their drink limit! You'll be settling in for a good time, and WHAM! HERE'S YOUR BILL. Thank you for coming! Seriously, they do not just cut you off, they send you on your way. No warning.
5	This is a great place to enjoy "Taco Tuesday". They have cheap amazing tacos and their house margaritas are delicious. I normally would have something negative to say about a business, although that is not the case here. You can definitely expect me here more frequently.
5	Excellent food and atmosphere. Tequila selection is the most ive ever seen, probably my favorite Mexican restaurant, sit in the bar if you can-small but fun.
5	What can I say about this place, aside from that I wish there was a location in my neighborhood! A friend and I came here after receiving recommendation from the hotel we were staying at and I'm so glad they did. The service was great - our meals arrived in hardly no time at all. And they were DELICIOUS. The margaritas were great, and STRONG. Our waiter was the sweetest, and checked on us regularly to make sure our waters and margaritas were full. It seemed family owned/run, so I'm not surprised by the level of attention, but it was still a great surprise.
5	The best Mexican food in the valley.  Looks can be deceiving.  This place has the best chips and salsa.  They have a wide variety of menu items.  I always go for the chicken enchiladas.
5	Love this place, it has become one of our go to restaurants for Mexican food. They have a huge tequila list but the $3 house margaritas are better than most and for that price I stick to those. Their chili verde is excellent, the tacos, enchiladas, beans, salsa, are all very good and the chili relleno is one of the best I have ever had. So hard to find really good ones!!  The only thing I have had that was so-so and I won't order here again (better elsewhere) is the albondigas soup. Also they give 20% all food orders to seniors on Thursdays. Wahoo!!
3	Not that bad but honestly a hybrid of Top Shelf, Garcia's, Manuels, Macayos.... Sorry, but really not sorry. It's just ok at best Mexican food. My wife had the #15 combo, 2 cheese enchiladas with rice and beans. I had #8, two shredded beef tacos, with rice and beans. Of course chips and salsa were served. The salsa was weak and was just a notch better than Pace. The taco sauce could have been from a jar also. My tacos lacked any rich flavors, and not only were the shells stale, they were cracked beyond even being able to be held. Would have made a good taco salad. The rice and beans had an odd odor, which I think was old grease or lard. The beans were super bland and the rice was just nasty. If I am going to raise my cholesterol level, I usually expect top notch artery clogging fare. This isn't a place to obtain Crestor helping levels. Two other places are better if you ask me, hands down - Carolinas and Guadalajara.  I will leave this joint to the local area patrons looking to get their buzz on in a run down (basically a bar) joint slinging some premium tequila and cheap house Margs. I don't think I will circa de Los santos instead of traveling via the saints!
