3	(Not to be confused with the Mexican grocery of the same name in Urbana, or 'Los Amigos' on Green Street.)The service was good. Its a small operation, and they keep on top of everything.The chips were excellent, they were the homestyle type, and I would guess they were freshly fried.The Chicken Mole special was... not good. The chicken was somewhat tough and dry, and the mole didn't have a nice balanced flavor like moles I've had elsewhere: the cocoa powder taste was overwhelming. I should have sent it back.
5	By far the best Mexican food in town.  Since moving from Texas, near the border, I have been deprived of good Mexican food....until Mas Amigas.I agree, the Mole sauce is not very good, but everything else I have tried has completely surpassed everything I have tasted in champaign.I recommend the Mexicana sauce on cheese enchiladas and the chorizo tortas.  The chips and salso are very fresh and are the best in town.  I also need to mention how amazing the service is.  They are extremely friendly and the food comes out very quickly.
4	When it comes to getting Mexican in C-U, this is probably my top pick.  It's cheap, the food I've gotten has been decent (the entrees are probably marginally better at Dos, except for the enchiladas, which are amazing!)  However, I keep coming back because of the chips, which are, in a word, incredible.I also really enjoy being here.  Very bright atmosphere, and very attentive waitstaff.  Keep the chips coming, and this place is gold.
5	Just ate dinner at Mas Amigos for the first time, and I am definitely impressed. The food is super cheap, but the service and quality is the best I've had when it comes to the many Mexican restaurants in the C-U area. We had a brand new server, but he did such a great job that I never would have guessed if he hadn't told us. I'll definitely be going to Mas Amigos again soon. Maybe for lunch?...
4	The tortilla chips are delicious here- we got a basket that were still hot from the fryer.  The salsa was equally delicious, as was the mysterious green sauce our waiter brought to our table.  I have no idea what's in it, but it's flavorful and spicy.  I actually preferred the green sauce to the salsa for my chips.I chose the fajita quesadilla for my entree- full of grilled vegetables, grilled chicken, and just the right amount of cheese.  My friend ordered the fajitas barbeque, which is chicken and veggies covered in a BBQ-like sauce.  The combination was surprisingly tasty, and I would definitely order that dish again.The service was excellent and our waiter was very friendly.  However, the margaritas were not very good.  Whatever tequila and mixer combo they use just doesn't work for me- skip these for sure.
5	This is, by far, the best Mexican in town. And that said, it is also one of the cheapest places to eat. I know it is near campus, but it is sooooooo good and I recommend it to all. I eat there at least once a week and I have yet to be anything but happy!
4	As others have said, the chips are really, really tasty.  The tacos were quite tasty, the rice was good as well.  Others have said they liked the enchiladas, but I didn't much care for the sauce on top of them, which kind of reminded me of canned chili.  Service was quite fast and accurate.  It was also a nice bonus to have a bottle of guacamole right there on the table.  Lunch prices were better than reasonable.  I will be back.
2	The chip and salsa were really good. But the rest of the meal was not. I had a chicken burrito with rice and beans. The chicken was really dry and they gave me maybe two diced tomatoes and a couple of shreds of lettuce to go with it. I love beans but their beans I did not. Not much flavor. Maybe something else might be better. The person that went with me got the fajita salad and thought it was good.
4	When they say amigos, they arent kidding. friendly service. great veggie tacos and tasty veg burrito. When I asked if the beans were vegetarian they didnt look at me like i was from another planet (which i am incidently... Los Angeles, where Mexican food is never served with ground beef). And the answer was YES. correct!  I have yet to try the margaritas, but the salsa was fresh, and the chips excellent. I cant speak for the meat dishes, but for veggie mexican food in the shampoo banana, it cant be beat.  I would say the food is on par with El Charro, but a little less greasy and with nicer atmosphere.  do it!
5	My favorite mexican place in town. The chips are to die for, and I absolutely crave their tacos.
4	No frills mexican...this is your spot!  Love it!  They have amazing greasy chips with lots of different sauces to try out.  I pretty much made a meal out of that.  We got the veggie fajitas and split it.  I liked that there were so many different veggies in it.  The price you cannot beat it.  It was so cheap.  The lights are REALLY bright but other than that, not much to complain about.  The staff was super nice and we just had some cervezas to drink.  Next time I head down to the Paign...I might have to go back to Mas amigos....
3	I don't live in Champaign anymore, but I did spend a few years there, and those years may have colored my feelings about Mas Amigos in comparison to its competition.On its own merit, Mas Amigos is a no nonsense kind of place which provides very fresh chips and salsa and the food is decent. However, given the choice to go to any Mexican restaurant in the Champaign-Urbana area, and having tried Mas Amigos out, I think that I would still head over to El Toro or Dos Reales.  Old habits die hard.
3	It's exciting to see a new (well, new to me) Mexican restaurant in C-U, since I'm kind of over Dos.  The chips and salsa were...godly.  I can't explain exactly WHY the chips were so delicious - the best I can do is to say that they're like, two-ply chips?  And served warm from the fryer.  Good God, they were fantastic.  Service was quick and friendly, too!The reasons this is a 3.5-star review, and not a 4-star review:- Flautas were pretty average- Music was TOOOO LOOUUUUDHowever, I WILL say that my boyfriend's carne asada steak was fan-freakin'-tastic.  Next time, I'll get that.  Mmmm.
5	After growing up in New Mexico, I admit that my only real food bias is probably towards Mexican food.  I hesitate to criticize any ethnic restaurant for lack of authenticity because I operate under the philosophy that good food is good regardless of how "true" it is to the original; my experiences with Mexican food in the Midwest have caused me to seriously question that philosophy.  However, Mas Amigo has cured my hunger for great Mexican food in central Illinois.  Many Mexican restaurants grab pre-made tortilla chips out of bags and stick them in an oven before serving them to you, creating an illusion that your chips were made "fresh" in the restaurant.  Not Mas Amigos!  Their chips are actually fried in the restaurant, and thus have a heavenly flavor and aroma (I've seen the chip fryer in the back!).I've sampled several items from the menu, but my favorite items have been the tortas, tacos, enchiladas, and tamales:(1) If you've never tried a torta, but love hearty sandwiches that will send you into a food coma, I suggest ordering the Milanese (breaded steak) torta.  The sandwiches are made with Mexican-style bread/buns, and though they don't come with standard side orders, they compensate with their awesome size.  (2) While Mas Amigos offers "Americanized" tacos (i.e., lettuce and tomatoes), you should really try them with cilantro, onion, and fresh lime juice.  They serve the best pastor (pork) tacos in town, hands-down.  I would also recommend the lengue (tongue) for more adventurous eaters--the meat is always tender and tasty.(3) I prefer my enchiladas with either verde or mole sauce, and I appreciate that they offer more sauce options for their enchiladas besides "red or green."  (4) Lastly, I usually try to get a tamale on the side (if I have enough room for it after all those chips--oof!!).  The tamale is served with a cheese sauce, which is good for off-setting the dryness that usually characterizes tamales.The restaurant always has great wait staff who are attentive and rush your food over after it's prepared.  Oh, and if they don't bring bottles of special chili sauce to your table, DEMAND IT.  This stuff is probably the ambrosia of the Mexican gods.  Most of the time, I find my dinner decision being manipulated by the ability to pour their special chili sauce on my meal (by the way, tortas, burritos, and tacos work best in this capacity).
4	I am rarely happy with myself after eating Mexican food in this town. I have had good Mexican food, in Mexico and California, and normally eating Mexican food in this town feels unhealthy and gross.Mas Amigos is different. The flavors are fresh and you can detect all of the yummy components. None of that monotonous mush we have all grown accustom to.There tortilla chips are flaky and hearty, they seem homemade although I have never asked. The salsa is good, however I recommend requesting their homemade hot sauces, there is a green and red, they are quite spicy and sooo fresh and tasty.It is no doubt obvious that I am not an expert on this place.I have had two dishes here, cheese enchiladas and heuvos a la mexicana, and have enjoyed every bit of them. I am excited to go back and try more. Unfortunately, their Margaritas are not great, they come from a slushy machine and that just makes me sad.
4	I've been here a couple times and each time has been pretty enjoyable.  Had the tortas in various forms as well as a couple other dishes.  The green sauce at the table is delicious.I might have a taco "face-off" between here and el charro... we'll see who wins.
5	Wow. I went to Mas Amigos for the first time yesterday and I could not have been more impressed. The service was quick. Our waiter was polite. Our food was excellent!The chips and salsa are great. Actually, the salsa isn't overly amazing itself, but it is tasty. The chips are where it's at! They're warm, flaky, and probably the best that I've had in town. You can tell they're fresh and not poured out of a bag.What I was impressed with was the quality of my lunch. I got the burrito. It's more authentic than anything I've ever received at Dos or El Torro (which I enjoy). It wasn't greasy at all. This will be my new go-to restaurant when I want Mexican!
4	I've had a variety of dishes here and have loved every one.  The food is usually very fast to come out (but not too fast) and is well-made and delicious.  It's closer to "authentic" than many of the other Mexican restaurants in town.  I took a Mexican friend there and he was pleased with the experience.Beer in a boot glass!
5	This is the most authentic/amazing Mexican food that you will find in Champaign.  The enchiladas were great (especially the mole) and tasted just like they do in SoCal.  The tortilla chips were a little heavy on grease, but as a plus they are fresh, deep fried tortillas.  Mas Amigos does not simply wrap chicken in a tortilla and slather cheese sauce on top of the dish (as almost every other Mexican food restaurant in town does minus Taco Loco).  The service was fast/friendly and I will definitely be eating there again!
5	I visit my fiance in Savoy, IL once a month and every time I am here we go to this place. I believe the staff is very friendly and the food is great. I like the Tacos de Carne Asada the most, and both my fiance and I love the green sauce (spicy) and the orchata water (rice water). Try to avoid flower tortillas, because if you are having those then maybe you should go to Chillis or On the Border. We both love this place and will miss it, but if we ever come back to Savoy, we are sure to come back to Mas Amigos.
5	The best Mexican food in Champaign - Urbana!
4	Best enchiladas I've had outside of Chihuahua, Mexico (chicken and tomatillos) and awesome pork and pineapple enchiladas.
5	In my opinion this is the best Mexican food in Champaign. The chips and salsa are incredible and I highly recommend the guacamole. I usually am not into ordering the combination meals but I think these are the best deals and are huge portions. The staff is also very friendly and quick. One word of advice; make sure when you order carryout you specify that you want chips and salsa (free of charge) or they won't include it.
5	Mas Amigos is, consistently, the best place to get Mexican food in C-U.  Their staff are incredibly friendly, and the place always feels warm and welcoming whenever I enter.  I invariably get something with chorizo because 1) They do it well here and 2) I EFFING LOVE CHORIZO AND YOU CANNOT TELL ME ANY DIFFERENT SO THERE.When life is hard or you want a moment to celebrate an accomplishment in grad school (end of a conference, successful presentation, glad you survived another week) then it is time to pitch in for a pitcher or three of margaritas.  They are decently sized, about the right strength, and although a little too sweet, still manage to make a fun evening even more fun.  And if this hasn't convinced you of the joys of Mas Amigos, know that it also boasts a view of the wonderfully dubious C-U landmark, Illini-Arcade.  Yes, that's right, you can see the wooden fence that obscures the parking lot of the sex emporium known as Illini Arcade whilst you enjoy delicious Mexican food and/or watch awesome Spanish language TV.I'm just saying, it makes for a wonderful night.  Also, CHORIZO.
5	Love this place.  Tried it once and we keep going back.  We now consider it our favorite Mexican Restaurant in Champaign.  Chips and salsa always fresh and delicious, wonderful margharitas, and the most delicious fresh food.  The service has always been friendly and fun, too.  Did I mention the chips and salsa are incredible???
5	This place is awesome.  The only downside is that the secret's out and sometimes it's crowded.  The food is amazing and it's cheap.  The chips are fresh made - light and flaky and usually hot.  They can be enjoyed  with the amazing green and red sauces.  Others have mentioned the sauces, but the green is just fantastic.  It's some blend of avocado, lime, cilantro, tomatillo, and just a little pepper, I think - and it is delicious on everything.I've had the beef and beef tongue tacos.  The pork tacos are great too - they are pretty simple, with some fresh cilantro and onion over the tender meat.  The lunch combos are good too and the seasonings are flavorful and delicious.I think the amount of food is just right if you're feeling hungry - not as much as some of the other Mexican places in town, but it's cheap and I think the quality is better.  The service also deserves special mention - they manage to be both fast and very friendly.  They're fast enough to make this a good lunch break stop even if you have limited time.  This has become our go-to Mexican place and I can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
4	Best Authentic Mexican in town hands down. I was told this by an authentic Mexican. Great Tortas and good drink specials. IT is small and pretty popular so be careful peak times
5	We were visiting Champaign and my guy wanted Mexican food. We were headed to Chevy's because had it once before and said it was ok. I used Yelp to find out the rating. I saw that Mas Amigas had a higher rating and I was feeling adventurous so I said we should go check it out. When we pulled in my first thought was run-down greasy spoon. Then I saw a gentleman on a nice, clean red shirt and apron so I said let's go in, the staff looks good. The inside was small and the restrooms even smaller. The visual did nothing to prepare us for anything. Soon after we were seated the place filled up, people were waiting in line to be seated. Once we got our food, I realized why- the food was amazing!! I lived in Texas for several years and this was better than anything I had there!! I had the Pollo Pablano, my guy had the steak and shrimp fajitas and my daughter had a combo plate. For dessert we shared the fried ice cream,  not really fried ice cream but hood none the less. It was the server's first day so the rest of the staff kept helping her make sure we had refills, napkins, etc. Our experience was awesome! We will go there next time we visit!!
5	I'm moving to Chicago tomorrow and if I have one regret, it's that I didn't eat at Mas Amigos enough.It ruined my day today with its deliciousness, that's what it did.  I had so much I meant to do today, but then I went into Mas Amigos for the vegetarian torta (it's amazing) and a margarita as a reward/break for my industrious morning with a mop.  I had my sandwich, and my giant margarita (I think there was some confusion as to what size I wanted.  Maybe they thought I needed the large.  It's EXTREMELY large) and chips, and by the time I was done I was in no shape to do anything.  I managed to walk home, where I immediately collapsed into a 4 hour coma.  There went my day.Mas Amigos, it was worth it.  I think I may get another sandwich (But not another margarita, omg) tomorrow.
5	This is the REAL DEAL.
5	Great service, great food.The one thing I ask of my waiters is to keep my drink full! Twice here they continuously fill my drink, even after I paid he kept coming back. Chips and food are delicious, definetly most authentic I've found in cu. I use to be an el toro regular but finding myself wanting Mas amigos more and more.
5	Reliably good Mexican food!  I'm a vegetarian and their options are tasty and plentiful.  I love that they started making vegetarian tamales, since I would beg for a meat-free tid-bit of my husband's every time we went!  Standard restaurant decor, and sometimes the heating/cooling in the dining area seems a bit shaky.  Good service and tasty food, a definitely upgrade from Pie-ful Delight (the old inhabitant of this space).
5	Reading the other reviews I hate to sound like a boken record,but this is hands down the best Mexican food in C-U. The wife and I are such regulars we get the same waiter every time, we sit down he comes over say hi, and the usual? We say yes and drinks, large guacamole, red&geen sauces, and of course salsa, and chips show up.Half the time the chips are still warm and the guacamole is always fresh to the point we have been told it will be just a minute on the guacamole he is making it.The only downside is location it one block off campas so when the kids are back it can get very very busy.Parents weekends, football weekends forget about it.But most of the time there is no wait or just a few minites. Timing is everything a little early a little late you do better. Great food, service and its real cheap what more do you want? I'll tell you, I want them back in Rantoul where they started right at the end of my steet! Stopped in for dinner on Saturday and got the word they are coming back to Rantoul. It will be great to be able to walk to the restaurant again instead of driving almost 40 miles round trip. Oh no not coming back. We are back to the truck now and then.
5	Long trip from Chicago back home to Louisiana. Not far out of the city and we stop at this place. Best mexican hands down. Can't wait to find ourselves within range again.
2	My family's first experience here was WAY less than stellar. Table and booth were sticky and gross. Service was slow (waited for drinks, waited for order to be taken (a LONG time - at least 20 minutes) and waited for the food). We were the ONLY people in the restaurant at the time, and we had kids with us, which in most places, means that they try to help you quickly (if only to get you out before the kids start to whine). Two of our four glasses were dirty, smeared with something on the inside. Then, when the food came, it was lukewarm and my enchilada sauce was like colored water. No flavor at all, no body to the sauce. The waiter (owner? chef?) was VERY indignant and rude when I gave him my opinion and told him I didn't want the enchiladas. He insulted my taste and my experience with Mexican food (which is extensive). The rest of my family felt their plates were so-so.I hope my next experience is better. Maybe I should try their food truck instead...hopefully that nasty man won't be there.
4	I love this restaurant! I discovered it my junior year here at u of I and have been a fan ever since. The service has changed over a couple years and the chefs might have too, but hands down they have the most fresh tortilla chips you will ever have. The queso is great as well. One of my fav dishes is the chicken fajita quesedilla and the steak nacho supremos. You can never go wrong with those choices.
5	What can't I say about this place? It is the best Mexican food in town. The tacos, tortas, burritos, and carne asada are all amazing. The chips, salsa, and the indispensable green sauce are all great and manage to rise above just being food while you wait - they are guaranteed to still be eaten throughout the meal. The only bad menu item I've ever had is the enchilada, which wasn't terrible, but simply okay. The service is perfectly fitting and the environment and location of the restaurant is equally good. I can't speak for authenticity, but everyone else claims it is. It's worth the extra distance from pretty much any local Mexican restaurant you could go to.
5	I know I can only echo the raving reviews of others, but I think it is important for little places like this to make it. The food is to die for.  The chips and salsa are fresh.  Hands down the best homemade tortilla chips I've ever had. My fiance had guacamole which he loved, along with Chorizo burrito and taco which were amazing.  I had the chicken fajitas which were fresh and very well seasoned.  Everything comes with a green and red sauce on the table and the green sauce was especially good.  We put it on everything! The portions are large and the price is small. The place itself is pretty small, but it only adds to the charm of it.  The service is the best I've had in a long time.  Give Mas Amigos a try, you will not be disappointed!
4	Margarita Pitchers and to-die-for chips and salsa.Hidden gem on Springfield that puts La Bamba and Dos Reales to shame.Enjoy.
5	I cannot say enough great things about this place.  From the chips and salsa you get when you sit down, to the crazy cheap bill you get at the end, it's everything I want in a Mexican restaurant.  I typically get tacos served in the traditional style.  Perfect, simple, and delicious.  Their margaritas are terrific, as is the guacamole.Service is always excellent, very friendly staff who do a great job.  Love this place!
5	There is not a bad thing I can say about Mas!  From the moment you walk in you are welcomed and immediately attended to!  All of the wait staff know us, we are in there pretty often, and they are super nice and are great with kids!  They make an awesome margarita on the rocks and my husband loves to get a Victoria.  Go-to things include the tamales! (both veggie and meat)  The vegetarian ones are filled with peppers and cheese, super delicious for meat eaters and not alike!  The meat ones are filled with chicken.  The masa is tender and moist and perfect.  We also enjoy the tortas.  they all come with beans, cheese, lettuce, tom, onion, avocado, jalapenos and mayo.  My husband enjoys the combinada which is a mixture of chorizo and steak (a Mexican sloppy Joe!) While I usually go for the Cubana which consists of milanesa, a hot dog and ham. (It's so friggen good!)  My husband also enjoys the vegetarian #2 torta which is stuffed with poblano peppers, it looks equally amazing as the rest.  On every occasion we have to get at least one taco. (They gotta be corn tortilla w/ cilantro and onions!) and they give you a little lime wedge to squeeze over it, can't go wrong.  I enjoy the chorizo and steak ones while my husband goes for pastor or lengua.  The lengua really does give it a much meatier, beefy taste.  At lunch I like to get the steak quesadilla with sides of grilled veggies and black beans.  It's nice to have choices other than your regular rice'n'beans.  And how can I forget, they have amazing tortilla chips and super delicious fresh salsa!  The chips are warm and crispy and seasoned lightly.  Nothing beats a fresh tortilla chip!  If someone let me I would probably eat 10 baskets full!  They also have delicious sauces if you ask for them!  There is a green one and a red one.  The green one is a light creamy avocado tomatillo cilantro oniony, spicy sauce (as far as my palate can tell me) and I def prefer it, as my husband prefers the red.  Its a dark smokey spicy sauce.  (sorry I can't be more descriptive of it as I've already consumed half the green sauce bottle by now!)   =]  I put it on the chips, in my quesadilla on my tortas, tacos... anything!  I've tried almost everything, I like the close your eyes run your finger down the menu and stop method.  You will love your pick every time!
5	This is the place to go for cheap, delicious, and authentically fresh Mexican food in the CU area. From tacos to chimichangas, everything I've had at this place has met my expectations. And the chips and salsa: wow. Seriously, for $4 you can get two tacos along with the bottomless chips and salsa and leave very satisfied.The place isn't huge, but I think that works to the restaurant's advantage as servers are always nearby and ready to refill drinks or chips. However I haven't been during peak dinner hours, so I don't know if the size is really an issue.Highly recommended. El Toro, Burrito King, etc. have nothing on Mas Amigos.
4	I ate the wonderful fajitas but I longed for the EVERYTHING ELSE they could possibly serve me.  I want to go there all the time...like right now... even though I ate there three hours ago.  I need to make more money.
4	Very tasty mexican food.  We tried the restaurant because we are big fans of the taco motorizado.  I definitely prefer the taco truck's prices and serving sizes, but if you would prefer to sit indoors, this will do!
5	This is one of my three local places I eat on a regular basis. There is nothing bad about this place. The drinks, the service, the food is all far superior to any other Mexican food in town.Try the Tacos, especially the chorizo or lengua. The Tortas are amazing and filling. Their Tamales are great. Eat the chips as they are fresh made and ask for the fresh sauces they put out.
5	Oh man. This place is awesome. They've got great service, and I don't know how they make those chips, but it's a good thing those things aren't for sale somewhere because I'd get so fat if I could eat them at home. The salsa you get isn't the most amazing thing I've had, but the chips definitely make up for it. I really like their guacamole too. Tastes really fresh and really delicious.They're food's great too. I've tried their tortas and their tacos, and I loved them. I also got the fajita taco salad once, but that wasn't as good in my opinion. They've got some egg dishes too that I'm wanting to try. The best part about Mas Amigos though is that it's cheap even though it's delicious and filling. I've never paid more than $10 a person, and I usually only pay around $5 and I'm satisfied. I'm really happy this place is here.
5	Yes, yes, yessssssssssss!!!!Went with my friends J, M and Z, and we ate it up!  We started with their chips and salsa, and the most amazing squirt bottles of avocado crema that HAD to have jalapeno in there because the spice was utter perfection.  We practically squirted this stuff directly into our mouths (I think Z may have put a bottle in his pocket - kidding, but just barely because this stuff was the shit).Most of my friends had the steak tacos.  I had one too, but I mixed it up a bit by also getting one chorizo and one lengua taco to break up the steak monotony.  All were so good, with the perfect corn tortillas and the perfect amount of diced onion and cilantro.Deceivingly large place inside for what it looks like on the outside.  Excellent service.I will return.  I know my friends will too, if they haven't already, because they're local (and I'm jealous).
5	Mas Amigos is my favorite Mexican Restaurant in Champaign.  I think this is the most authentic Mexican food you will find in Champaign.  The guacamole & chips are very fresh & the best I've ever had.... & the steak tacos are DELISHHH!
4	I ate here last week and it was a pretty good meal. It is a really small place. It was not the best Mexican meal I have ever had but not the worst.The chips were very good, but I did not like the salsa. It was very runny and too spicy for me. However, I know that some people really like their salsa like this.There are a lot of vegetarian items on the menu which I thought was great. You don't often see that in a restaurant. I ordered the fajitas and asked if they would substitute mushrooms and squash for the bell peppers and tomatoes and they did so without a charge. The fajita meat came in really small pieces which makes it easier to put on the tortillas and eat without it falling out everywhere. My only other complaint is that the meat and vegetables weren't seasoned enough. They needed a little bit more and they would have been great.
4	They have moved (as of early February 2013) and are now at: 1106 W University AveUrbana, IL 61801 (217) 344-6711Haven't tried them at the new location, but perfectly fine Mexican food when I went there several times at the Springfield Ave restaurant. Very reasonable prices and pleasant staff, good chips and rice and beans. I've had the tamales, tacos and enchiladas, and they're just how Americans like them :) There are other more authentic places I suppose, but there's room in C/U for a place like Mas Amigos too.
5	Went to their new location, and everything is just as good as before.  I'm bummed that I can no longer walk there, but hopefully this move will let them reach more people with their delightful Mexicanity and the best tortilla chips in town.
4	My husband drives by this place on his weekly route so we thought we'd try it for lunch. I was surprised that at 2 pm on a Sunday afternoon about 1/2 of the tables were still full. There isn't a lot of seating in this little place but the service was fantastic. The chips, salsa and hot sauces were a great  start to the meal! Flaky chips with great crunch, yum! My hubs got chicken fajitas. Great seasoning on the fixings. His sides were rice and grilled veggies. The grilled veg were nicely cooked without being mushy. I got pollo los amigos ( I think). It was chicken with onions, green pepper, and mushrooms, covered in cheese. My sides were refried beans and rice. I enjoyed that the beans were not completely pulverized and still had actual pieces of beans in them. Flavor on the beans was just okay though. The main dish was cooked perfectly and presented pleasantly. I was a bit unsure about the corn tortillas, as I don't usually enjoy dark colored ones, but the chicken and that lovely green sauce completely made up for them. We will certainly be going back again!
5	My family and I have been eating here since the old hole hole in the wall place. I have to say that was one thing we liked about it was that it was a hole in the wall. Since the move I don't think the food is any less quality, the service is still good just has its nights (every place does though). This is still one of the best Mexican food places I feel. The steak tacos are great! Pretty much all the taco's are great! The chips and salsa are top notch as well. I also love the Tamale's I would defiantly try this place if your in the Champaign-Urbana area.
