4	It's true, it's a little hard to find, but that usually means better, right?  In this case, yes.  I love this place!  Fresh fish and friendly faces.  The chefs are fun and lighthearted and the owners are so sweet, you get a big warm welcome when you walk in the door. Totally a laid-back casual, friendly environment.  Easy to order with pictures and descriptions of all the sushi on the menu, complimentary green tea, oh and try the raspberry wine, soooo yummy.  They have some dinner entrees and apps for those who dont do sushi, but I wouldn't go there for the dinners it's all about the sushi. Defiantly not a chain, it's where the locals around here go.
2	Visiting my mom in Chandler, I had a hankering for teriyaki. My mom said Mikado had a great lunch special, so we went.If your idea of "special" is warm spicy tuna rolls and chicken that tastes like someone made it in a toaster oven, then Mikado is pretty damn special.I like my teriyaki very saucy, very sweet and a bit charred. No such luck.I can't think of a single thing they did right.I suppose the price was OK: $7.95 for teriyaki, white rice, miso soup, a small salad and a four-piece spicy tuna.
4	As a fan of MythBusters I am delighted to say I have officially busted a myth....there's no good sushi in Phoenix.  Not true--You can indeed find great sushi in Phoenix, Arizona (Chandler, to be more specific).  Stopped by Mikado for lunch today.  My very favorite way to take in a sushi date is by sitting at the counter and asking the artist behind the bar to send out suggestions.  It was recommended we start with some great blue fin tuna (hooray for October, as it is the beginning of the season).  Next up, a house specialty...Salmon Avocado Sashimi.  What makes it particularly great is the homemade Eel Sauce made in-house.  Delicately sweet and still lets the fish flavors come through.  We just had to finish up with the Dragon Roll to get our Unagi fix.  So glad we did.  We will definitely be back to Mikado (and by "we" I mean my hard to please 15 year old son and me.)
5	Hey I love this place. It's close to home, the people are nice, the sushi tastes better than some high end places I've tried, and the prices are very reasonable. They have a big menu and the food tastes authentic to me. I highly recommend this place.
5	I LOVE this place!  Fantastic service & even better food.  If you love sushi, give Mikado a go! P.S.  Tell Sue hi!
5	Mikado is my absolute hands down favorite sushi bar in Arizona.  It's not just the food, but the atmosphere... it's really laid back & you feel right at home.My favorite of favorites...Albacore Onion Sashimi with added crunchy garlic.  Super fresh albacore tuna wrapped around onion soaked in ponzu sauce & deep fried garlic cloves.  It has the most amazing flavor & very generous portions.& if they have it, ask for Tuna Tataki.It's ahi tuna perfection... we get it every single time.I've never gone wrong here... but we tend to stick with the sushi.  Their lunch specials are awesome.  =)
5	I have a new favorite sushi spot.  This is the best sushi I have had in Arizona.  I went in around 1:30 on a Saturday and sat down at the sushi bar.  The place is very cozy.  Would be a good place to go with friends and relax.  Very laid back.Instead of ordering off the menu, I asked the chef to make whatever was good today.  He started me with the blue fin sashimi.  The fish was very fresh.  The tuna melted in my mouth.  I told the chef I was still hungry and asked him to make something else for me.  He made a delicious uramaki (rice on the outside) roll with salmon (I think), wasabe (the real stuff), and mayonnaise.  This was REALLY GOOD.  Like the Hungry Caterpillar, though, I was still hungry.  The chef then presented me with an interesting dish that was avocado and fish sitting on thin slices of lemon.  Not sure what the fish was, but the blend of lemon, soy sauce, and avocado was the perfect finish to this grand lunch.While I ate and watched the chef, I chatted with the staff.  Everyone was very friendly.  Mikado Sushi is what going out for sushi should be: great food in a casual, friendly atmosphere.If you like sushi and are adventurous, don't order, just let the chef decide what to make you.  It is extremely flattering to the chef, and he will go out of his way to impress you.
4	Very good place.  It is cozy, not loud, and mellow.  The sashimi was very fresh.  For $20 we ordered a sashimi plate that had about 6 types of fish.  The miso soup and seaweed salad were well above average.  We tried a sake, which I never remember the names of.  It was also good.  Red wine I remember, sake always forget.  We also ordered an albacore roll with garlic and pickled onion.  Sounds a little different but so good.  The prices are  reasonable and the waitress was very attentive and sweet.  Will be back.
5	Stopped by for lunch today and loved it. Quick, attentive service, and the food was excellent. I had the sushi lunch with a salad added. Simple salad and the dressing is sooo yummy - just perfect. Spicy Tuna Sushi was the best I ever had. Hubby chose the tempura and a salmon and avocado sashimi - he thought it was spectacular. I am sure we will be there again and again in the future - what a find!
4	I am always in search of a new sushi spot and fellow yelpers supply me with plenty of options. After reading the reviews on this place I decided to drop in.I arrived around 6pm and the place was empty with the exception of one other party. We were immediately sat and drink orders taken.  We then placed our food orders. The food was good. The sashimi was fresh, delicious and cut into bite sized pieces.  The price was excellent. The servers were attentive but not intrusive. A wonderful experience and I shall return.Diners beware this is a small place and by 6:30pm the place was packed and customers either waited or were turned away.
5	I was hesitant to go back after trying their lunch menu. I went again for dinner and now I eat there once a week. . The fish always tastes fresh, the servers are very friendly and the Sushi Chefs were pleasant but not overbearing. Ohh and they have a good happy hour menu
4	This is an excellent restaurant that I believe may be run by Korean folks who bring their own flavors to the meals.  The seaweed is a little tastier, the tempura batter and sauce are sweeter, they may put sesame oil in food, etc.  I am Japanese and insisted on staying with a more traditional Japanese cuisine but after trying Mikado's food, i'm hooked!  If you can handle a little spice, I recommend the STST roll (shrimp tempura, spicy tuna).  Their sushi is creative, fresh and tasty.  The prices are excellent and the service is prompt and friendly.  Go check it out, you won't be disappointed!
5	I've been living in Chandler for 7 years now. I go every chance I have the chance to. I am a sushi LOVER!!! I've eaten at every sushi place possible in AZ. No sushi place beats Mikado, hands down!! The service is always great! It always has a great atmosphere, they're very welcoming, and the food is great! I STRONGLY suggest anyone go here and try it! I always get the "STST" (shrimp tempura & crushed spicy tuna) & the "volcano" (California tempura roll & a diced mixture of sashimi) & the "salmon poppers" (jalapenos stuffed with salmon and deep fried & cut in half). I would really recommend this place! It will be worth it!!! (:
2	This was the second sushi visit in one day for me, so I was really in the mood. I had heard good things about Mikado, but had never been.We ordered tuna, yellowtail, and salmon nigiri, a angry cucumber salad (which was described as "spicy"), a kimchi roll, and eel nigiri.The tuna was mealy in texture, the yellowtail was fine, and the salmon was okay. The cucumber salad was okay, but not as described. The kimchi rolls didn't really taste anything like kimchi, just cabbage-y, and the eel rolls were good, but needed more sauce.And it took the staff a bit of time to greet us when we walked in.Nothing was bad with the exception of the tuna, but nothing was really outstanding either. I won't be back.
4	The Sushi was fab!!  We had some specialty rolls and Shashimi, both were very melt in your mouth fresh!Service was a bit slow as I think they only had 2 waitresses for the entire place.Cost seemed to be very reasonable.Would certainly make the drive from South Scottsdale there again!
3	Mikado really surprised me.  I didn't expect to find a Japanese restaurant so close to home with a nice atmosphere and pretty good food...but here it is! Sushi is really the thing here.  The tempura is good although the shrimp tempura had an odd coating that didn't match the veggies and it didn't seem like authentic tempura.  Miso soup is pretty good too.But go for the sushi.  They're all about the sushi here.
5	Mikado is my favorite sushi place in the Chandler/Gilbert area.  The fish is AMAZING and they often have really great stuff in, like blue fin, etc.  The chefs are really good and often make me special things that aren't on the menu.  The nigiri portions are very generous. This is one of the two or three places where I try the specialty rolls, the albacore and garlic roll is awesome.  Also they have specialty sashimi that you should really try if you go.  Another winner is the tempura and garlic app, the deep fried garlic is actually sweet and mellow, very nice.The atmosphere is nice and the staff is VERY friendly, and the prices are totally reasonable.  Like I said before, my favorite sushi spot anywhere near me.
3	Not the best sushi but the prices are reasonable.
5	Pretty decent and fresh sushi, for AZ. Prices are great, especially during happy hour. It's a little more expensive than other sushi places in the area, but still affordable. Expect to pay approx $20 per person for a full meal (appetizer plus entree or a couple of rolls/nigiri)
5	I travel for work and have recently discovered Yelp and found this sushi restaurant.  Fabulous sushi and sashimi...just the perfect temp and melt-in-your-mouth taste.  The staff are very friendly and efficient.  I came back a second time because it was that good.  Thanks for those who gave it 4 stars!!
5	I'm picky about textures of food that I eat so it is surprising to me that I'd like sushi as much as I do.I've eaten sushi all over the place. I am confident in saying that I like Mikado the best. Their rolls are good sized (some places have really small rolls!) and taste great. The chefs are great too.Almost every time I've gone I've had someone sit next to me that is a regular and swears by Mikado sushi.So what is the bad? Sometimes when you walk in the staff is not super active at seating you. If you want to sit at the bar, then just walk over and sit down. If you want a seat then walk over to the register (it is only like 15 feet from the door in plain sight) and ask if it is OK if you sit at whatever booth/table you like. The staff all works together so when you sit at a table you will be served by all the chefs and all the servers - and thusly you will be tipping all of them collectively. So for this reason, it really doesn't matter where you sit! I'm not saying to just sit wherever, I'm just saying be proactive. It helps you and it helps them.My favorite roll is the Crunch Roll, which you can get for cheap during happy hour (until 6pm). During HH I can get 2-3 rolls and a tea for about $12. Outside of HH it will be more like $18-20. Also, the menu has pictures of all their food (well, 90% of their food), so you can kind of browse that way too if you like to look at what you are buying.So if you want to be waited on hand in foot and have a restaurant that looks like a million dollars then this is not the place for you. However, if you want good sushi, then this is the place. If you are curious about something, then ask them what they think. I see many of the regulars asking all the time what is fresh and good and the chefs will be very honest about what is good and bad and they will order/serve accordingly. Also, the most you come the more you will become "family" to them. You will start to get samples, especially if you sit at the bar and chat with the chefs.There you have it... the best sushi place I've been too and better yet, it is close enough for me to walk to!
5	At first service was a little slow because they were busy. When we received our meal though none of that mattered. The presentation was amazing and once we bit into the sushi all four adults agreed it was the best sushi we had ever had. Our favorite had to be the checker board, the tuna melted in our mouth like butter. Even the kids loved their chicken cutlets and Udon noodles. From now on we will definitely be making the drive from Casa Grande to Mikado for our sushi.
4	Great Sushi, a little expensive, but you can't complain for good sushi.
4	Very good fresh sushi! This place restored my faith in AZ sushi houses, the only thing that's preventing me from giving them 5 stars is their rolls aren't bite sized.  Will definitely become a regular here :)
5	A consistently great place, and one of the few I've found that actually does the deep fried rolls correctly. The staff are excellent and give superb service, and the sushi chefs fun to be around and most skilled in their art. Just wish they stayed open later than 9pm on the weekend, but other than that small quibble I've always been pleased when I've been there.
5	Amazing, amazing, amazing. I love their cucumber salad, their tempura is delicious without being soggy, the bento combos are adorable and overflowing with food.. and oh yeah, the sushi is AMAZING.
4	At the corner of Alma School Rd & Queen Creek Rd, there are two sushi restaurants. Mikado and Hon Machi. Let's just say once you tried Mikado, Hon Machi looks like a pretender. Unless of course if you like Teppanyaki, then Hon Machi is the place to go.Tip: if you go on a Friday night, reach there before 6:15pm, most likely it will be full house after that. Don't forget to check out the specials on their white board. For the past three months (Jan to Mar) they are serving the rare bluefin tuna sashimi, which is excellent!If you don't care for sashimi, they have tons of rolls you can choose from. My favorite is the spider roll (Deep fried soft-shell crab). Or you can go more conservative by getting the 2/3/4-item dinner combo, pick from 'cooked' items like beef/chicken/salmon terriyaki, gyoza, etc.I think in the Chandler area, Mikado is the best sushi place you can go to. IMHO, the other sushi restaurant in AZ that is better is Kyoto at Scottsdale.
4	Very good!
4	Pretty good. Excellent deals for happy hour.  The vegetable tempura, miso soup, salad, beef teriyaki, chicken teriyaki, california rolls, and crunch rolls were very good.  The spicy tuna was a little bland. Our children even enjoyed the food.
5	Best sushi ever. I come here often for lunch.
4	Great service, amazing food, good prices. The inside is pretty small and gets fairly crowded during happy hour, but it remains pretty quiet.
1	Attempted to check this place out tonight because I heard it was good. I'm on travel for business and my company gave me an American Express card for all my expenses. Well after driving down here and just getting ready to order, I ask to make sure they accept Amex and sure enough they don't. Also they don't accept discover cards either so I left. They didn't seem to care.
4	I brought my sister here (she's the sushi lover. Me? Not so much.) before she flew back to CA. She was really impressed with the albacore, I tried it and it was delicious - I have never said that about any raw fish. I kept it pedestrian with a df spicy tuna roll and the shitake roll. Skip the shitake (too sweet), spicy tuna wasn't so spicy but it was great. I'd go back during happy hour too, the prices were super low.
4	I've been a Mikado fan for a few years and at one point was eating here every other week with my family.  Prior to being introduced to this place, I was going all the way to Ahwahtukee to get my sushi fix at Sakana, but it wasn't as regular as it is now due to the price difference and proximity from home here in Chandler.  I enjoy the atmosphere, the sushi, and even the sometimes slow service.  You will definitely get quality food at a great price (especially during HH).  I am completely addicted to their Crunch Roll - no one else around serves it like they do - OH SO YUMMY!  I also can't do without my Miso soup or side salad with the ginger dressing - another addiction. I always recommend this place to friends and family for lunch or dinner.  Mikado is EXTREMELY busy on Friday evenings and most Saturdays.  Happy sushi eating fellow foodies!
4	I enjoyed this place. It's decent Sushi in AZ and it even appears to be owned and staffed by... wait for it... ACTUAL JAPANESE people. As opposed to 95% of sushi places owned/run by Koreans who memorized "Hello', "Thanks", and "Cheers' in Japanese and attempt to trick their customers by pretending to be Japanese.Too bad this place is so far south it's practically Casa Grande adjacent.
3	Their lunch are definitely cheap but you pretty much get what you pay for. The place is actually run by Korean people not Japanese. The food is okay but not what I was expecting given the reviews on Yelp. We had the albacore with onions, spicy yellow sushi, spicy tuna sushi, tempura, and katsu. The only things that tasted decent were the spicy yellow tail sushi, tempura, and katsu. I guess 3/5 isn't that bad. But I probably wouldn't get anything raw from them again in the summer. The fish just did not taste fresh and left a gross aftertaste in your mouth afterwards. It was definitely disappointing and did not fulfill my sushi crave. I would actually only give them a 2.5/5 but I decided to round up.
3	Not the best sushi, but good for Chandler, AZ.  Came here during lunch and service was quick and friendly.
4	Let's start off with; the service is mediocre but the food is worth it.  If you can get past the fact that once you are seated and have your sushi, any thought of a drink refill should be put right out of your mind.  But like I said, the food is better than RA and Kona so if food quality is on the top of your mind, you must try Mikado.  I lived close to Mikado for 8 years and my son and I went there often over that time.  Now that I don't live close to it, I still go out of my way to go.  It's a nice experience and is pretty low key.  The lightening is even pretty dim, which appeals to the sushi lover who isn't impressed by the bright flourescent lighting in typical resaurants.  It's a bonus that a Japanese couple actual own and operate it.  ;-)
4	We have eaten a Mikado a few times now for lunch and have been impressed each and every time. They have a very large sushi menu as well as regular menu items. Their lunch specials are pretty good although there are no veggie options on there so it doesn't usually help me out. However, I have had the veggie tempura roll, avocado roll and shitake mushroom roll. All have been delicious and I will definitely be a repeat customer.
4	Great place for sushi and fast, friendly service.Sushi was fresh and delicious, only downside was that some of the tuna was a bit tough!
4	I was introduced to Mikado's by a good friend and we all went there one night and ordered about 10x what we ended up eating. Not only is the sushi good but the other things such as tempura are also amazing. But I did get a chance to try at least a little bit of each thing and it was great. The service is great they are great at taking care of you and helping you out.The only thing I would say is that it is a bit pricey, it's not someplace that I would go on a regular basis, but every once in a while is nice.
4	Our favorite little local sushi spot in south chandler. Always good.
2	Perhaps it was the busiest day of the year but the service was horrible. 12 minutes before anyone even came to our table and beverages were always empty. The sushi was just okay. Feels like due to thanksgiving, shipping fresh fish was backed up. The salmon was mushy and the flavor was light.
4	So happy to have accidentally found this place! Hamachi X Hamachi roll is so delicious, and I may actually punch a stranger for the Volcano roll... oh cherry blossom roll they are all amazing!! I get my food to go from here since I usually go on my lunch break from work. They are all SO friendly welcome me everytime I come in and say goodbye whole heartedly. The woman whom answers the phone knows my name now... obviously I have a sushi problem.. hey it could be worseI highly advise you to go here
5	I think this is the best sushi in Chandler.  The prices are great and the sushi is fresh and delish!
4	We are regulars at Mikado.  I like to go Friday nights, though it does tend to get very busy and the wait is much longer (not like 20min+ wait, though).  Even so, the service is still friendly and their sushi is *always* tasty, fresh, and inventive (I like to order the chef's creation.. changes every time and is usually something not on the menu). I do like their lunch specials, too, and I like to occasionally go with co-workers for lunch (though, if it's a big group and we arrive at noon, it does take significantly longer to get done with dinner).  I have sat several times at the bar (with a friend or just alone) and I love that service - the sushi chefs are always friendly, jovial, and like to make light conversation.. plus, you get to see them make the orders.  One time, I forgot my wallet and realized this AFTER I had eaten and got the bill - the owners were there and since they knew I was a regular, she said not to worry about it - I felt mortified!  I said thank you for their kindness and left home quickly (I lived really close at that time) and got my cash and left a huge tip.. but that just shows you what type of people they are that own the place - kind people!  Let's just say they still remember me years later!
2	Service when it came was good.  But folks got lost for a while so it took a bit for someone to actually show up to take our order, which was odd since the place was near empty.As for the food, I had relatively low expectations for sushi in Arizona so I was willing to be generous.  Having said that, the food was merely adequate...neither bad, nor good.  But what was really weird was that everything (keep in mind we're talking sushi here) came out warm.  I gotta admit that was a first for sushi I've had anywhere...and that covers a lot of territory around the world.
4	I love this place.  Consistently good food--seemingly regardless of what I order.  Sushi and non-sushi are both really good.  Reasonably priced.  Big portions.  Definitely the best sushi I've had in SoCha.
4	I've been enjoying this place for quite a while, figured I should finally review :)This is not a trendy, upscale, over-the-top sushi place. You will not find the absolute best, most exotic items. But what you will find is reasonably priced Japanese fare that is fresh, tasty and consistent.I've enjoyed their sashimi offerings - the tuna and the spicy salmon avocado. I've over-indulged on several of their delicious sushi rolls. And my wife is partial to their Tuna Tataki - great sauce! Has items for my picky, non-sushi eater (fried prawns or the pork tenderloin).Their service is always friendly but they get distracted or confused or just lost (can't quite figure it out). And I've not seen any advantage to sitting at the bar as in any other sushi place. So some quirks but good food, good prices.
5	We found this place after trying to go to a different sushi place in Chandler that had we found had closed.  It was a great find! We ordered a ton of food:  miso soup, beef teriyaki, tempura, several different rolls, every item was delicious! They have a large menu with a lot to choose from.  The service was very friendly and fast. The price was more than reasonable. We will definitely be going back.
5	Love this place.  Food is always great.  Nice warm atmosphere The people working there very friendly. My family tends to go for the combos which allow you to have a 2-4 choices out of  4 columns of items, involving teriyaki, sushi rolls, sashimi, and other items along with soup, rice, and salad. My teen-aged daughter had me take her and 3 of her friends there to celebrate her birthday, because it is her favorite place. They had a great time and the waitress gave one of her friends "training wheel chopsticks" (and a fork) when she wasn't keeping up with the others.   Nice warm atmosphere.  They are a small restaurant that sometimes gets overwhelmed by its own popularity, so we have had slow service while trying to handle a big rush.Customer base seems to vary greatly... I have seen days where it was all familys with lots of kids, and college students some visits,  and on other evening visits saw couples on dates, socializing drinkers at the sushi bar,  and a big group of business people on a business trip.  As I said, it is a great little place.
2	Wasn't too impressed with their food. We tried a variety of their rolls and nothing stood out. Sakana's still the best!
3	There are other sushi restaurants out there that have more options.  The sushi here was good but it is a competing industry and they are just even with the rest not a stand out.
5	Mikado Sushi is my place to go when I'm craving some really good sushi that is very close to my neighborhood.  Whether it would be a simple roll, hand roll, or one of their specialty rolls, I always tend to leave very satisfied and my sushi-fix is in check.Though it is not upscale than the more trendy, upbeat, and sophisticated sushi establishments with over-the-top exquisite menu items, Mikado Sushi has the decorative decor to keep true to Japanese ambiance along with your traditional hand made rolls and hand rolls, which I can never go wrong with.  Every once in a while, I'll have one of their specialty rolls, just to change things up.  The Dynamite Roll, with the baked scallops on a California Roll, are truly my favorite!Owners San and Sue are just the nicest people you will ever meet.  Very friendly people and they are always accommodating, whether we are sitting in and dining or just coming in to pick up a take out order.  The food is very consistent, fresh and priced reasonably, unless you come to Happy Hour during the week.  Selected rolls get a price change and tends to help stretch out my buck sometimes.Always love sitting up at the bar and watching the chefs create beautiful and delicious sushi with aesthetics and presentation.  Plus, I just love the smell of raw fish.  I don't know why... I just do. =)Mikado Sushi is my special "hole-in-the-wall" gem and I hope it becomes yours too!
5	Far and away South Chandler's best sushi and tempura, and their miso soup is wonderful too. The staff is very friendly and by your second or third visit, you'll feel like you were missed on the days you didn't come in for lunch. Speaking of which, the lunch special combinations (sushi and tempura, for instance) are not only a great value, but are amazingly fresh and tasty, with the sushi prepared while you wait (never in advance). They have an extensive menu for specialty rolls, too, and if there is a better sushi option in the east valley, we haven't found it. Can't recommend highly enough!
5	Mikado is about 2 minutes away from our house which is the main reason why my boyfriend and I frequent it so much, but the sushi is also fabulous. The fish is very fresh (we are huge fans of the albacore onion sashimi) and the rolls are really good too. We tend to get more rolls than nigiri but both never disappoint. It's not the biggest restaurant inside but we've never had an issue getting a table- we usually sit at the same one :). We have never had bad sushi at this place which is why we keep coming back.
5	Go here for freshly made sushi - which is also delicious - and for very reasonable prices! I go here at least once a week when I am not travelling and would recommend to anyone in the Chandler/Ocotillo area.
4	We just moved up here from Tucson and we found our almost perfect replacement for a sushi place. We like these small family run Sushi places. This one is located in a small strip mall. We stay away from fancy places like Ra or Otaku. Mikados has generous portions and fairly priced sushi. The fish is fresh and the place is busy so you know the fish is new. The staff here are super friendly with great service.  The only thing we didn't like is that they do not give you is free edamame and miso soup like our place in Tucson. That is not a big deal though.  We are sushi snobs and this place is perfect!
3	I was lured here by the good yelp reviews.Husband and I got the sashimi plate to test its fish quality. Salmon and tuna were good, but not great because the pieces were not thawed properly when served. The other types of fish - yellow tail, mackerel, white fish - were too fishy and chewy. Husband didn't quite like the octopus and squid because of the texture. We didn't finish all the sashimi.I got an eel roll. It fell apart. It didn't pass my rice test.Good as a neighborhood sushi place. But not worth the drive from Tempe.
5	This place rocks!!
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE!! Although the food was quite delicious. I ordered a shrimp tempura appetizer, edamame and a spicy salmon roll. The total came to 18.00 even. I left 24 dollars on the table. When I left, as I approached my car, the waitress chased after me and stated "WAS SOMETHING WRONG WITH THE SERIVCE?!"Puzzled, I politely responded "no, why?"And this rude ass said "Because I thought you would have tipped more"ARE YOU JOKING ME? That is so rude and I almost wanted to tell her to give me my 6 dollars tip back because shoot, I could put that in my gas tank lady. Good food but not good enough for me to come back. Sayonara.
1	Awful service! I used to come her back in 2010 when it was new, the food and staff were awsome! I recently came back and the staff is all new. One word... RUDE. Our waitress seemed pestered when id ask for a refill or when id place another order. Like, um, sorry to bother you at work lady? The food was good, but theres a ton of other sushi places in the east valley with the same grade of food and better service. Its a shame this place shot to shi*, could have been a real gem.
5	Still the best.  I stopped by on a Friday during the end of happy hour.  It was super busy.  Like there wasn't an open table.  My little hole in the wall secret is out!  Tuna tataki went up in price & I feel like the portion size became smaller... which is sad.  I miss the days when they were generous. All in all, still gets 5 stars from me.  I've been getting the Spicy Sashimi salad which has a huge portion of sashimi over mixed greens in a spicy sauce.  Soo good.
3	This place could be a 4 or 5, but for 2 reasons.1.  Food - Very decent fish and sushi rolls and all.  I stopped here for lunch and ordered their lunch combo, the sashimi and sushi were all very good, but the rice that came with the chicken cutlet was not.  Its hard and tasted like it was day old and probably from the bottom of the rice cooker.  Its a damn shame as the food alone would have gotten them 4 star but, its like serving caviar on a paper plate.  Some restaurants seem to do that, use good ingredients but try to save by using either lower grade rice or old one.  My friend mentioned that maybe the rice was just badly cooked, without enough water, to which I would say a 1 star deduction is justified.  Please, a japanese restaurant not able to cook rice is like going to a burger place and getting burnt buns or a italian restaurant having hard pasta.  Its just wrong. 2.  Service - They need to hire someone else to work here.  The owner and her daughter are not fast enough for even an average lunch crowd, 50 percent full at the time I was there.  And when you ask your customer if the food was good, and they reflect that the rice was hard.  Do not just say oh sorry and walk to the next table.  maybe offer to change it or somethng.  This would be antoher -1 star.I guess its the thing with asian places, that they tend to focus more on the food than service.  So 3 star for the decent food I guess is fair.
4	Great lunch time or dinner spot especially for the price. Their sushi is pretty good as well as any thing they coat with tempura. Their lunch time 2 item special which comes with soup or salad and rice will only set you back less then 8 bucks. You will not be disappointed.
5	Very tasty! Lunch specials are great. Ordered the $9 lunch with salmon roll and 5pc chef's choice nigiri. Also got 4pc shrimp nigiri and 2pc salmon roe nigiri. Loved it! Service is very friendly' prices are reasonable and they gave us samples of fried rice and noodles.
1	We a group of 4 were seated at a booth. They brought our drinks and told us they had a party of 8 that walked in an we needed to move to a small table. How rude is that. They just wanted the 18% gratuity at the cost of loosing customers. They did not ask kindly they just wanted us to move. Unreal to be treated this way. I guess we will never go back.
5	Best sushi in the area! Service and atmosphere are traditional Asian hospitality. Prices are fair, too.
1	I have never been treated so badly by staff/manager in my life. I ordered a kirin (tasty) 2 rolls and veg tempura. The spicy salmon was AWFUL. It was huge chunks of old salmon with mayo. I tried to politely tell the server i didnt like it when the sushi chef sat and argued with me that he had made it that way for 11 years and no one has complained. Long story short, when I got my bill they had not taken it off even tho I ate ONE PIECE. They said they would not take it off because everyone else likes it and thats too bad. I was appalled. I told them they would either take it off now or I would walk out. They took it off and threw the bill at me. I cannot believe staff can treat ppl this way. I plan on filing a complaint with the BBB. Their sushi case was leaking and the fish did not look good, I suppose a surprise visit from the Dept of Health might shake them up a bit. I will NEVER go back to this hole in the wall again! Terrible experience
4	Wow - reading some of the reviews make me sad that people were treated so poorly at Mikado. Mikado has been our go to spot for sushi in south chandler. Their service isn't outstanding, but I typically don't go to sushi restaurants for great service (which is weird, because I am really really picky about getting great service when I am out to eat). Anyhow - the sushi is great, it is decently priced, and I have never been yelled at by the staff (so that is a plus!). But in all seriousness, we will keep going to Mikado. I love sushi and they have several non-sushi options for my non-sushi-eating-husband.
5	My husband and I have tried many different Sushi places  around the valley and this one is by far on the top. The freshest quality fish around the valley! The wait staff is pleasurable and on top of things as well. I have recommended this sushi place to numerous of people and will continue to do so!
3	In my opinion, a good sushi experience relies heavily on subtleties.  First up, room temperature & vibe.  We were greeted and sat in a corner booth near a window.  Within 1 minute we realized it was hot so we decided to move to an adjacent booth situated under a ceiling fan.  We were promptly told that they might have to move us in case a large party arrived.  I guess I get that.  Seeing the room was 90% empty, I told her half joking that they would have to wait a few minutes since it was our 18th anniversary. Blank stare retort.  Room temp/vibe - FAIL.  Next up, drinks.  An ice cold Sapporo is sort of my go-to with sushi.  It was cold-ish, not co-o-o-ollld. My wife's wine was fine.  Drinks - Meh.  Next up, Appetizers.  Salad - great, miso soup - great, shrimp tempura....wha? More like Sam's club breaded longish shrimp.  We were not served shrimp tempura but I didn't make a fuss since they tasted pretty good.  Edamame were barely warm.  Appetizers - FAIL.  Next up, Entrees.  The rolls were really good, Rainbow, Boston.  Salmon and tuna nigri were really good too. Yellow tail was not.  My wife had beef teriyaki which she said was not good, bland.  Entrees-GOOD!. (I have to cancel out the teriyaki, cuz this is a sushi place.) I can forgive the low par yellow tail too, we ARE in the desert. They really should not have served it, though.  Oh, our server was super nice but not personable or genuine, almost too nice. She did a good job.  Service - GOOD.Overall, not bad.  I have been here before for carry out rolls and will likely come back for that vs dine in.  I think a little focus could make this quaint place a gem.  They just missed the mark in a few important areas.
5	My husband and I tried this restaurant based on Yelp reviews.  It did not disappoint. Our food was fresh and tasty!  The staff was very friendly and seemed to know a lot of their customers by name. We will definitely go back there.
5	My favorite sushi place!!! Love Angry Cucumber appetizer. We always order the Bluefin Tuna Sashimi. Yummmmm
4	This is a great little lunch place and the service is fantastic! There is a nice lunch menu, good prices, TVs, lots of seating and the staff is always energetic and friendly. I am not a sushi person but my friend loved what he ordered off the sushi menu. The menu is HUGE and there are so many different and unique plates. I like getting the mixed tempura or a teriyaki dish. It's also pretty quiet and laid back. We always get in and out quickly too.
4	It has been several years since we went here.  My wife wanted sushi so the entire family decided to head on over for dinner.  They have happy hour until 6pm so that was an added bonus.  My wife ordered several sushi rolls and loved them all.  My son and I each ordered a combo meal.  The food was delicious!  We all enjoyed our meals.  The service was great too.  The only negative was they do not have a children's menu.
4	Fresh great tasting sushi.
1	The service was so bad, we never even got to order. The waitress asked for our order after about 5 minutes but we weren't quite ready and she never came back despite our attempts to get her attention. 20 minutes later we left and as soon as we were out the door she was cleaning up our table. We will not be back.
4	My boyfriend and I came here for a late lunch during happy hour a few weeks ago. We both got the avocado roll and the veggie tempura roll and they were both very tasty. Our only complaint about the whole place was that the tempura roll was way too big to eat in one bite - this seems to be a common theme in Arizona sushi. It just seems so wrong to eat a piece of sushi in more than one bite, but there was no way I'd be able to chew if I'd tried. But it was yummy and I was happy to see that there was more than just one vegetarian roll on the menu.Happy hour prices (at least for the food, we didn't order drinks) are great. We got four rolls, two miso soups, and green tea and I think the total was under $20. The place wasn't very crowded so the service was fast and the people were friendly. And the decor was nice and simple, though I'm not a huge fan of TVs in restaurants.I'll definitely be coming back here in the future!
4	My review is specifically on the quality of the sushi. And thats very good!Broad selection of interesting and creative rolls. Friendly staff as well.
4	I've been over 100 times for lunch. The lunch combinations are fantastic and the teriyaki is delicious. I would have given 5 stars but the last several times I've been in for lunch they are tremendously under-staffed. Don't get me wrong, the servers a re great and working their tails off but ownership needs to stop being cheap and recognize that they need 1-2 more servers during peak hours. I haven't been recently because often I'm on a tight time schedule for lunch and can't risk it. Again, the food is great and the staff is very friendly. If you hit it when it's not busy it's definitely a five star lunch destination!
2	Always loved this place but then they got a new manager or owner -- the area around the sushi bar turns us off of eating now. Messy bussing stations on both sides, open trash bins, boxes, lots of containers. Sushi is ok but they no longer have new rolls on the board anymore so the menu has been the same for a long time.Just not a positive expereince any more -- folks who work there are very friendly though.Bummer...
4	Food was DELICIOUS, the service was a little crazy but if you can get past that its pretty worth it .
5	Best Sushi in Arizona! The staff is friendly and they are reasonably priced. Try the seaweed salad its amazing!
2	i'm so sad!  this used to be my favorite place in Chandler.  Like... visit once a week, tell all of my friends, dream about eating here favorite place.I think success might have gotten to their head but they are no longer the sweet little hole in the wall secret sushi place i knew them once to be with the amazing customer service and great food.i recently went for happy hour with my mom... let's be honest, their happy hour was never that amazing but it was decent.  enough to make the excuse to come in.we order... which takes a while, despite there being only being three other tables.  we were ignored for a while.  not a deal breaker.  i get that you might be busy or new.  everyone seemed to be a new face so i let it slide.  every visit, my mom orders the same thing... tuna tataki -- not super spicy. it's her favorite thing on the menu & we've been ordering it for at least two years that way. we were told by three different people that wasn't possible.  tuna tataki is naturally spicy so there isn't any way to make it not so spicy.  they finally cave & tell us they'll do it for us this time... when she gets it, it's still pretty spicy & she can't eat it.  i ordered scallop nigiri.  the sushi chef asked if i wanted spicy scallop which should have been my first clue... nope.  just regular please.  the thing was drenched in lemon juice but that couldn't hide the intense fishy smell.  i know scallops are hit or miss in arizona but i could always look forward to coming to mikado & getting something fresh... i guess i just trusted them more not to serve that.  i was wrong.i ordered the albacore onion sashimi also & was completely baffled by the texture of the fish.  it was mushy & fishy tasting... despite the ponzu & onion to cover up the taste.  i couldn't finish it.we didn't receive our salads.  waters weren't refilled.  it was the worst experience i've had at mikado & after an intense decline in customer service and food quality, i've decided to retire it from my favorite places in phoenix.  :(  it's sad but i'd rather spend my money elsewhere.
4	Hubby and I just ate here during happy hour. The place itself is small and not stroller friendly at all but the food was fresh and delicious and the staff was very friendly. Happy hour prices are also pretty good
1	Disappointing atmosphere and disgusting food. Tried this place based on the good reviews. It was a waste of time and money.  The sushi was served almost warm, bordering on tepid, and the texture was very wrong, all chopped up and mushy, (in particular the salmon sushi).Prices were not good, even taking into account the sub-standard atmosphere.  The food was horrible, worst sushi ever.
4	I'm in from LA on business. Stopped by as it was close to my hotel. Glad I did! Everything was awesome. I started out with miso and the shrimp tempura. Miso was super hot and shrimp was more fried than tempura; but oh so good. Had some tuna & salmon sushi and a shrimp tempura roll. All great,  but the tuna was a little dry. Service was awesome,  they're right on it. Would have given 5 but for the scalded tongue and tuna. Would definitely come back.
5	I always order the same thing, spicy tuna or yellowtail roll. Wine isn't in the happy hour menu, bummer. All is good!
3	Picked up some sushi & rolls today. Had the Shrimp Tempura Roll, Spider Roll, and Salmon Skin Roll. All of them were really tasty.My wife had the Mackerel (Saba), Salmon, and Eel Nigiri. The Salmon was by far her favorite, nice big pieces that simply melted in her mouth she said. The Mackerel however was a bit on the small side, they tried to make up for it with some extra shreds of Mackerel on the side but they were like leftover cut pieces.All that for $44 seemed a bit high in my opinion, however the taste was not bad on the pieces that were decent in size.Will give this place another chance at some point but in my opinion there are better places in the area.
4	Best sushi that I've found in the Chandler area since moving here a couple years ago. Reasonable prices and good quality, friendly service too.
3	Not bad at all!!  I have only been here once so far, but based on my first time I won't have any problem going back.  Everything was above average.  I went in during my lunch break and in reality you can't beat their lunch specials.  I had a Spicy Salmon Roll and an Avocado Roll- this came with a bowl of rice and a small Miso soup.  Grand total = $11.00.  Both were simple yet tasty.  Service was good and no complaints from me there.  I've had sushi at a few other places in the area and so far this was the best.  I wouldn't call it amazing sushi, but for the price and location it can't be beat.
4	First visit here - great service and food.  The sashimi was fresh and the portions were large.  Will definitely be returning!
5	Good lunch combos. Nice sushi rolls and I love the vegetable tempura and gyoza.
5	I have been to Mikado 10+ times. The food is excellent and consistent. The staff is friendly and very attentive. I get the 3 item lunch combo. Shrimp tempura roll and spicy California roll are both great. Chicken cutler and mixed tempura are also very solid options.
4	I had the chance to visit this place in my travels this week and it was great.  The pricing for lunch (specials) was fantastic, especially for what you get.  I had teriyaki Salmon, ahi tuna rolls, and 2 orders of Yellowtail Sashimi for $12.95.  What a deal!  And the server was VERY accommodating.  And the food was good.  The Sashimi wasn't the highest, highest quality grade, but very good, especially for what I paid for everything!  I haven't been there during normal times or tried their normal menus but I will definitely come back.  The lunch specials allow you to order 2, 3 or 4 different things in kind of a make-shift "Bento box" for a very reasonable price.  I'm really happy I went and look forward to coming back to Phoenix/Chandler, in part so I can revisit these guys.Thank you so much!
2	We used to love this place and would come weekly.  My wife is a regular here and has in the past thought very highly of Mikado.Lately the food quality has dropped quite a bit and the service has suffered.  We aren't sure if we will be coming back.
3	Mikados was definitely 5 years ago. The portions were bigger, the service was quicker, the fish was fresher. Now everything is what it shouldn't be :(
1	I'm completely baffled on how this got the better review then the  Sushi Room a.k.a. Rock Lobster. We were trying to step out of the box I'm going back in the box. The wait staff was very friendly. The food was absolutely disgusting. I kind of felt bad because they were nice so we just told them we were full and took it to go. I threw it away in the garbage outside the restaurant and drove to Rock Lobster for takeout. I will not make that mistake again. The sushi was so big I couldn't put it in my mouth and it fell apart!  It just tasted terrible plus there was no flavor. I have nothing more to say.
1	I will always remember this place as the sight of the worst meal I ever had. I tipped 25% just so I wouldn't feel bad as I'm writing this. Service was unsatisfactory. We were not offered a hello, a place to sit or even acknowledged for that matter.  When we finished our meal I was craving mochi but was instead brought the check by the other waitress. The meal was a shitty bowl of seafood udon with overlooked, sparse muscles and inedible mixes of shrimp and octopus (both were overcooked and rubbery as well). I also had the worst spider roll to date. Do not eat here if you are seeking good, fresh and clean eating environment. Eat here if you want to punish yourself.
3	I used to crave this place when I lived in Chandler a few years ago.  When I come back to visit, I usually try to eat there for lunch.  They do have a great lunch special where you can choose 2, 3, or 4 entree items, I believe it goes from $8.95, $10.95, & $12.95.  Items include everything from chicken Teriyaki, shrimp tempura, gyoza, spicy tuna roll, egg roll, edamame, etc.  They have an A, B, C, & D categories, but you can only choose 1 from each category.  There are probably 30 different things to choose from.  The service is usually pretty solid too.  This last visit though, the kitchen was incredibly slow, it took about 30 minutes to get our food, we got there after the lunch surge.  The food normally a 4-1/2 stars was a 2-1/2.  The chicken had a rubbery texture & the tempura tasted like fry oil had been used too much and the items kept too long in the fryer.  I will give them another shot when I come back in town in a few months, maybe I got them on a bad day because they used to be a 4-1/2 star place.   Right now they are a 2/2-1/2 star place, but rounded up based off of the past.  Will update after I return.
5	My kids and I love this place!  Service....excellent!  Sushi.....flavorful and fresh!  Great prices on meals and sushi! Spicy tuna is our favorite menu item!
