5	This place has great meat!!! I have only been here 3 times but each time the service was awesome. The owner has always been there and he happily answers any questions you may have. The most recent time I went there I picked up one 1855 Black Angus Porterhouse 1.33 lbs. ( the GF was out of town and I was lonely and excellent beef DID help ). Only $15. I was informed by the owner that 1855 Black Angus is the top 14% of Black Angus cattle and is hand selected for marbling. Anyways the steak was amazing. The New York side had great flavor and was very tender, the filet side pretty much just melted in my mouth. I ate it all except the bones. I also picked up a garlic marinated shrimp skewer. Awesome flavor throughout the shrimp. ( the skewer was garlic flavored also ).  This place also has Wagyu Kobe (American), Dry Aged Prime, House-Made Sausage, Sushi Grade Seafood, and Wild Game ( alligator, buffalo, elk, etc..)I am making this my meat market from now one. A few extra bucks more than a grocery store but well worth it. Check out their website for all they carry. Prices are a little more on-line than in the actual store.
5	Got the GF a sub sandwhich from this place. It was awesome. $8 for a 12in. sub with quality cheese and Boar's Head meat. This thing was loaded with turkey and fresh crisp veggies. Once again the owner was awesome even let us taste the mustard and cheese first to make sure we liked it. I'm willing to pay a few extra bucks to get this thing instead of a skimpy Sub-Way  thing. Try one if you live in the area they have like 5 different ones but you can customize them as you wish.
5	I have always sneered at people who purchase their meat from butcher shops, thinking they are the suckers who are paying more for the same. I knew the meat from the butcher shop would be better, but I didn't think I would be able to taste the difference. Boy was I wrong!My wife and I have purchased beef, pork, and fish from this place, and every single time, we could taste the difference. The fish (tried sea bass and salmon) is succulent and has no smells at all. Pork chops were the absolute best I have ever tasted. I never thought I could taste the difference between mass-packaged meat and butcher shop meat, until I actually tried them.Ron is very friendly, and like all good butchers, will make cut and trim your meat for you, as well as making recommendations if you're not sure what you want to have for dinner.Sure, it is a little bit more expensive than what you get from large supermarkets, you really get what you pay for! And in this case, I am more than glad to pay the difference for quality meat from a quality shop!
4	Went here to check out the selection- what's there is pretty nice. I am also comparing and visiting ALL the butchers across the whole town- yeah were crazy, but we are passionate home cooks and dammit, I want butchers. I really now realize how spoiled I was as a cook in Los Angeles with a place for every odd/rare/exotic needs. Been going to butchers all my life so I know when I see a good one.  I looked online for mostly the exotics andsaw they had them listed online... came in to find many the game meats are frozen offerings. That was the main reason why I came across town for. Kinda disappointed, but I guess having fresh game meats and birds was a wish without a genie yet. I guess Vegas just doesnt have a big enough demand to keep it fresh so for now, I decided to skip out as the prices aren't cheap either for the exotics, specially for frozen...but hey I'll take it however I can get it. (Side note- squab, black chicken and ducklings you can get at 168 asian market for cheap. Got a 3lb duckling for $6.94)Got beef shanks, 1lb of headcheese (MMM yeah. I'm one of the few but I love this), and 2 frozen tubs of chicken hearts. Shanks and headcheese were yummy! Chicken hearts had a very strong taste....kinda dirty, gamey in a bad way, not the delish way so I'm figuring it's been frozen for a long time, threw out the 2nd tub...not too big of a loss, it was just like $2 for a tub. Service not bad, but not very chatty/personal either. What was inside the counter looked very nice and fresh quality- the prime ribeyes and prime ny steaks and the wild salmon in particular looked top notch on my visit.I dunno, I dont think I'll come here for my basic meats and will go to John Mulls who hand cuts everything to order, is closer to me and a lot more personal and knows everyone by name. Seafood looked good, aged steaks and certain  frozen exotic meats will come for- but those are for special occasions so we wont be making a trip across town very often. Overall though good place.
2	Went and sought out The Butcher's Block on Sunday. It's not the worst location (a block away from Lazy Joe's Fish and Chips) for me, but it's not the best, either. In a nothing strip mall, it's tucked away into the corner. I think they are very small on the inside, plus I think they keep more than half of their stock in the back freezer/cutting area. Makes their cases look a bit bare.Bought a pork boneless butt roast, and 2 gigantic beef shin bones for my dogs. The roast was good, but for the $3.49 per pound I paid, nothing outstanding. I can get a better roast at Vons, for quite a bit cheaper.The bones were a huge hit with my 2 big dogs. One of them likes to eat things in the backyard that lie around, so I won't sat she's got the best of taste. 2 6 inch shin bones were $9.50, I don't feel it was a great deal. In fact, I think Whole Foods charges less for their meats, plus I feel like I get a better value for my $$.I know this place is well-loved by many on Yelp, but I think it's not as good as Larry's Great Western Meats. I spend alot less, and get more for my $$, and the staff is great. The nice little old lady who helped me at Butcher's Block was nice enough, but she wasen't overly helpful. So, i'm glad I tried them, but don't think i'll be going back.
4	Great local butcher shop with a very helpful staff.  I went in to pick up some sausages to grill for dinner and was just planning to get some sweet and spicy Italian sausage.  I talked to one of the guys there and he recommended a few others including one that had BBQ flavoring and bacon in it.  His recommendation was spot on.Would definitely go back here even though it's a bit out of the way for me.
4	Nice selection of meat, seafood and exotic meats. I thought it was great that they slice dry aged beef to order. Stuff like that differentiates this place from their competitors.
4	Called to find out if they sold salmon sushi and they said they would be getting some in,so  I was really happy about that.  Then I decided to check out their stuff on the website.  Liked what I saw and read some of the reviews on yelp so I made a little list and went down to buy some of the items.  I am happy with my purchase and they were very nice and helpful.  The owner told me he would be getting the salmon in on Friday when I went in I can't wait to try it. Will let you all know how the quality is so stay tuned. xoxoxoox
5	Best butcher shop in Vegas! I have gone to others and felt as if I was cheating on my butcher(Ron). I was able to taste the difference in the meat quality. BTW Ron, thanks for the tip on grilling the baby back ribs. The meat literally feel of the bone. For all of those who complain about the prices, don't! You can go to Wal-Mart and get the same cut for less but you giving up QUALITY!
3	Stopped in on the recommendation of a friend right after lunch and am glad I did. First time I've been to a butcher and I'll definitely be coming back! Today I tried a jalapeno stuffed with wasabi (which was amazing). Can't wait to go back and actually get some meat!
5	Great products, wonderful service and now they are Safe Harbor Certified! Thanks Butcher Block!
5	The Butcher Block is exactly what every town needs.  Ron is a fantastic butcher.  He's knowledgable, friendly, creative, and honest.  People tend to either forget or are unaware of what kind of meat they're getting from a supermarket.  (Don't even get me started on ground beef). When you get meat from the Butcher Block, you know where it came from and the process (or lack there of) involved.  Ron will tell you all about the different cuts, and even grind the meat for you if you want.  His BBQ burgers are amazing, and his homemade chicken sausages rule.  He even helped us out and gave us tips when we decided we wanted to make our own sausage.  His fish selection can be small, but you can have him order what you want and it will come the next day.  We buy all of our meat from The Butcher Block.  It's best to know where your meat comes from!
5	If you live in Vegas try out the The Butcher Block @ Rainbow and Robindale.  Try the Japanese marbled pork known as Korabuto Pork Chops cut 3" Thick! Ask Ron about the sweet dry rub in the little can...it's the best secret of all! Throw them on a 500 degree grill, flip once. Your looking for the crust that seals in the flavor. Take off the grill and let it sit at room temperature for 5 minutes. Pour yourself a glass of wine and then tell me if that's not the best chop you've ever had in your entire life!!! Great, now I'm hungry and it's only 5:30 am in the morning.... sadly I'm gonna have to wait.... Ron opens up at 10am.
4	Went there for the first time today and got 4 BBQ burgers! They were HUGE and delicious! Fresh tasting and well seasoned. The only issue I had was the cases seemed a bit empty but it was late in the day. I can't wait to go back earlier in the day and see what they have! We will be back here for sure!
5	Meat. Meat. Meat. What girl doesn't love her meat. ;]The Butcher Block offers some damn good BBQ burgers. The patties weigh in at 1/2 pound each, which is great. One patty is good enough to fill a person [which is great for me, because it's less grilling that I have to do =p]. Put some cheese, bacon, and crispy onions - and you have one hell of a burger. The price is a bit high for my liking at 4.99/lb, but it's just too good not to buy. My first trip there, I ordered about a pound of the hot carne asada. It had the perfect amount of heat, at least for me anyway. I'm one of those people who LOVE LOVE LOVE spicy food, but am too wimp to handle it. So, this carne asada was perfect for me. Wasn't too spicy in the beginning, but slowly builds up to a tolerable heat as you keep eating. Any food that does, is a winner to me. To you lucky ones who can handle the spicy foods, it may not be hot enough for you. What I think I love most about the butcher block is not only do they offer your traditional meats [pork,chicken,beef], they also offer a selection of not so traditional stuff. Elk, wild boar, gator, buffalo, & more. So all the things that you've always wanted to try [or that I've at least wanted to try !] are available. And if that isn't enough - they also offer Boar's Head products, a variety of cheese, and you can even order sub sandwiches from them. I also noticed they have an offering of side dishes if you so choose to get those along with your meat. The only things I can remember off the top of my head were the potato salad & stuffed mushrooms... although there was more of a selection. I think I remember seeing asparagus, but don't quote me on that. All in all - a great place to go for some fresh meat or [and I can't stress this enough] some amazing BBQ burgers. The owner seems friendly enough, just as other people say in their reviews - but I personally haven't had a chance to talk with him. But, I'm sure I'll have the opportunity. I'll definitely be a regular customer.
5	Great Sandwiches!!We went in and ordered 3 of their sandwiches on the menu.  This was one of the best sandwiches we have found in Vegas.  Good Boars Head meat and TONS of it.  If you are starving and could eat an entire cow, then maybe...maybe order the large sandwich.....otherwise the small one is still HUGE.  Well worth the money and the extra trip.
4	The owners here rule and will do everything they can to get you what you need!The Korabuta pork is unreal and worth every penny just make sure you don't burn that succulent fat!I also, as a private chef, highly recommend the Strauss Veal Glace sold in the freezer in bricks. This stuff is gold and will elevate your weak runny sauces into viscous and lucious things of beauty. Be creative and don't look back!
5	Stopped in (twice) during our recent trip to Vegas based upon Yelp reviews and a desire to find Boars Head meat to take back home to California.  Had a couple of very tasty sandwiches on the first visit.  All Boars Head meats, cheese and a homemade dressing to complete a great sandwichBased on the reviews we picked up some gourmet and BBQ burgers that weighed in about 8 oz pre-cooked.  Figured we might like the gourmet better than the BBQ but the BBQ gets rave reviews.  The day we got home we fired up the grill and wow...we found out why those BBQ burgers are raved about...they are or make the best burger I have ever personally made on a grill in my life.  The next day we had the gourmet burgers and if not for the BBQ burgers the day before they would possibly be one of the best burgers I had ever made.  They were good, very good, excellent, but the BBQ burgers are just perfect.  We feared they were simply regular burger meat with BBQ sauce...never fear...they are perfectly seasoned and perfectly ground.We also picked up some filets, chorizo and pollo as well.   The Filets are perfect.  The prices are reasonable and we did not get the prime though we were tempted.  They had shrimp that could pass for lobster tail, I would put it at perhaps 8-10 count truly the largest I have seen outside of fine dining.  The owner was very helpful.  A former chef at one of the major casino steak houses.  He even shrink wrapped our meat for the long trip to Cali.  This is a new "don't miss" for our bi-monthly trips to Vegas.
5	You get what you pay for. It is for sure a bit more then going down to wal-mart, but I can promise you the little bit extra is well worth the extra money. The owner was behined the counter and was happy to recomend some food for my bbq I was having. I drive from accross the valley o visit, and its worth the drive. Go and see for your self!
5	Best butcher I have found yet in Las Vegas. Great quality and terrific marinated burgers and meats.
5	Awesome staff, super clean shop, very high quality meat, tons of pre-cut meat/steaks/pork/etc... available for immediate purchase and if they don't have what you want you can order what you want and they will butcher meat to preferred size.Note: you can get game meat here, IE: venison and elk. They also carry Buffalo, which is fantastic for those of you who haven't tried it.
5	If I could give this place 6 stars--I totally would!  My husband and I are big meat eatters and one of my goals when we moved to Vegas was to find a really good butcher shop!  Thanks to Yelp and these lovely reviews, we found our spot!  Amazing meat selection, fresh and SUPER friendly service.  We bought steaks, ka-bobs, ribs, and gyro meat (I have yet to find another spot in Vegas to buy gyro meat).  That same night we had the ka-bobs, we thought we died and went to heaven.  Simply amazing!  I can't wait to go back!  And if they don't have what you are looking for, they will get it for you and cut the meat any shape and form you desire.  HIGHLY recommend this butcher shop!
5	One of the most impressive things about the Butcher Block is the smell - there isn't one! It's always super-clean and I don't get meat anywhere else. Ron makes a special mix and half buffalo/half ground beef I use for burgers and meatloaf. His steakburgers that are pre-made for the grill are phenomenal as a special treat and his prime meats delectable. I love the pork roasts which I cook in the crockpot and from which  make my own pulled pork. Good selection of fancy salts, "cue sauces, game and variety meats. Very helpful and courteous staff. I couldn't be happier to endorse this place.
5	Great selection of High quality meats, poultry, seafood, deli meats, etc. They also have fresh bones for dogs that mine absolutely adore! Love this place
4	Great meat! These guys donate large amounts of meat for a big bbq and community at a nearby park. I saw Rocky mountain oysters in there! I liked their Buffalo or elk that I bought. We need to support these little butcher stores. Its all they do!!!
4	What a clean nice butcher shop! They even have exotic meats, its all frozen though but at least they offer Alligator and Bison, Yak etc even Rocky mtn oysters :)Its a bit pricy but it is well worth to spend a couple dollars more!!
4	I generally don't like to write a review after only visit to a place, but holy dang Butcher Block. I did not know pork chops could taste like that.Butcher Block is in an unassuming strip mall on Rainbow and conveniently up the street from my soon to be new favorite nail salon. The shop is small, clean and as one reviewer noted absent of the smell of raw meat that is characteristic of butcher shops. I know, it comes with the territory, but it was really nice to walk into a butcher shop and not be punched in the face with that stank.The staff was friendly and helped me pick out the pork chop to end all pork chops. I want to believe that it was my magic combination of spices and culinary pizzazz that made these pork chops worth crying (happy tears) over. Ok so I didn't cry, but it was practically a religious experience. I also got a pound of shrimp from here, frozen, but already peeled and deveined for me and cheaper than Whole Foods. The quality was great and made for some nice NOLA style shrimp!There was a chalkboard menu outside of the shop showcasing the specials of the day, one of them being grass-fed beef. I didn't get any, but it was nice to see that it was offered since not many places carry it. Their selection is great and I saw a few interesting varieties of sausage that I wouldn't mind getting to know (insert "that's what she said" joke here). They also had cheese and cured meats and I believe they serve sandwiches here too.I will reserve an additional star after I make more trips out there (going out to that part of town is a day trip for me), but am looking forward to returning!
4	I was here the other day to buy some steak and some prosciutto. I got a Prime quality Porterhouse, Upper Choice Filet, and Choice 1855 Black angus Ribeye.All were cooked to mid-rarePrime Porterhouse - Absolutely Delicious. So flavorful, juicy, and tender. Expensive but worth spoiling yourself on.The Filet - Delicious as well, Very very tender.Ribeye - Kind of a disappointment. I've never been one to buy into the Black Angus BS/Advertising, but I was in the mood for a Ribeye. The flavor was there, but couldn't tell a difference in quality, so for the price, I'll stick to Sam's clubProsciutto - DELICIOUS, perfectly sliced, I've used it in Omelettes, and Fettucine Alfredo, and love it.OVERALL - Great butcher shop to check out if you want fresh, quality meat. The price may be higher, but dammit, you're paying for quality. Next time I'm going to check their Sushi Quality Salmon, and hopefully I'll have enough saved up for their DRY AGED PRIME quality steak.
5	One of only a couple butchers in Vegas worth going to.IMHO their strength is in the quality and variety of meats and cuts they have.  They are certainly the best when it comes to exotic meats in Vegas.The last thing we purchased from Butcher Block was Elk Tenderloins...They were so incredible!  Not only were they great, but where else can you find that in Vegas?
5	My wife sent me out over the weekend to pick up some meat for a BBQ we were having with friends and family.  I went to Albertsons, but ended up walking out.  Nothing looked 'wonderful'.  I searched around and read some reviews and ended up at The Butcher Block and let me just say, I am very thankful i did.They have ready marinated meats to buy, which is perfect for me, as I don't know much about food preparation, I just know if it tastes good or not.  LOLI ended up buying the Carne Asada skirt steak, stuffed flank steak and bacon wrapped filet mignon.    The price was extremely reasonable and the freshness was outstanding.I had to laugh during the BBQ, my Uncle Tommy asked me where i bought the meat, almost like i knew something he didn't.  I had to confess that i simply stumbled on the butcher block because i didn't like the way the meat looked at Albertsons.  As long as their in business, I will continue to buy all my  meats here, whether for a BBQ or not. I endorse with confidence.
5	This place is a neat little gem.  One of the remaining true butcher shops (cleanest in Vegas, by far), all of their products are of the highest quality.  Their steaks are beautifully marbled, the chicken is fresh and all organic!  No hormone injected super cows are calling this place home! Surprisingly, the prices are extremely competitive, beating Von's on most products.  The amount of selection and quality of product keeps me coming back to The Butcher Block.All that being said, the service is wonderful as well.  The folks working there are always incredibly friendly and helpful with a smile on their face when you enter.  Great place to pick up a dog bone too!
4	On the recommendation of a friend, I stopped yesterday and bought two prime filets and two 1855 black angus NY Strip steaks.  I grilled one of each last night and they steaks were excellent.  I also bought two links of spinach and cheese chicken sausage.  They'll be on the grill tonight.The woman staffing the tore was very pleasant. I like that I can get the kind of steak cut the way I want.  I took the time to check out some of their more exotic meats in the freezer and I'll be getting some elk steaks in the future.I'm glad I took the time to stop here and check it out.  It is so worth it!
5	I was a little apprehensive about purchasing a meat package.  The lady in the store was extremely helpful, patient, and kind. The meat is outstanding-much better than the average market. We will be faithful customers in the future..thanks!
5	i've been coming here with my husband for a couple years now.  nothing beats their meat. always have great steaks, ground beef, chicken, pork, bacon, and seafood.  i dont go anywhere else.
5	We've been going here for years. How could I not, the owners are from Pennsylvania!They sell delicious products. I honestly don't go as much as I would like since I'm more of a one stop shopper most of the time. But when were in the mood for something special we get a tenderloin roast. We use to get their special burgers for UFC nights, everyone was a fan we served them to. They also make an herb butter, which I'm addicted to and use on everything. They offer such a wide variety of meat and seafood and other products as well. There prices are pretty good, especially for the quality and service your getting.On a recent visit I see they now sell Cheesecake Factory cheesecake by the slice!So happy they're in the neighborhood.
4	Good butcher shop. Owner very friendly.
5	Great quality meats! They carry things that you can't typically find just anywhere--from elk to foie gras. Also, they make deli sandwiches that are insane!!!! Made the way they ought to be!
5	So I've been back to the Butcher Block. And back. And back. And back again. Not so much for the quality cuts of meat but for the sandwiches. Yes, this place slings meat AND sandwiches and it's all pretty fantastic!The staff here has been consistently nice-very small town feel when you're here, not a feeling you have very often in Vegas. I never feel dumb asking questions here-the staff is happy to help and indulge any questions that you have. And I have A LOT of questions.  The sandwiches are great and made to order. Everything is legit (even the bread!) because this place is first and foremost a butchery, so everything is fresh! They only have a few different "specialty" sandwiches, but you can probably get your standard turkey and cheese or ham and cheese or whatever and cheese because they pretty much have a full deli selection. There are drinks and chips available too if you wanted to make a meal out of it.For Christmas, I decided I was going to be fancy and make porchetta for dinner and got my pork belly from here. The recipe called for an entire pork belly which they don't carry, but the guy helping me went out of his way to ask and see if they could work something out and they did. While I didn't really have faith in his system (he was writing down orders on a messy notepad), everything was ready when he said it was and someone even took the time to cut the skin off for me (because there was no way in hell I was doing that). They were really busy when I came in that Friday before Christmas, but I didn't feel rushed and I could see they were taking their time with each customer.In addition to meats and sandwiches, they have all kinds of condiments, sauces, seasonings and side dishes like stuffed mushrooms, bacon wrapped asparagus and such. You could probably get an entire dinner here if you wanted to and maybe one day I will! Butcher Block is a great resource for established or aspiring home cooks! If you don't cook, well, they'll make you a sandwich....and you'll probably love it!
3	I need to try the rest of the their meats. But the 3 stars is for the Turducken. Very disappointed. ESPECIALLY FOR $90. Being a butcher shop i figure they take pride in their work and would actually BUTCHER and stuff the turkey, duck and chicken to make the Turducken. Nope. They buy the turducken from the place in Louisiana. Pretty weak if you ask me. I'm not sure about their meats, they looked delicious, but do not get the Turducken.
4	I consider myself lucky that this place is right down the street from me. When my husband and I indulge ourselves, we stop by and pick up some beef chuck for pot roast, or some sausages for the grill or some specialty burger patties. While pricey, it's completely worth it.The staff is always SUPER helpful when I come in and have no idea what I need for a new recipe I found and they have great suggestions when I need them. Their spices and rubs are top notch too.Now I just learned they make sandwiches? ! I have to try it out next time.
1	Another disappointment in a meat market here in Las Vegas. They don't even butcher their own meat. They are no better than a supermarket and not as good as Whole Foods. I would love to find a true butcher here in Las Vegas.
4	Outstanding cuts from a true artisan butcher shop.  The high fell below 95, it's time to grill.  Yelp ROTD to the rescue.  The Butcher Block.  USDA prime, wet aged selections including a great boneless NY strip, and filet, and outstanding porterhouse.  All are very well trimmed and tender.  They also offer butcher cuts (sirloin and flat iron steaks).  Good beefy flavor.Dry aged selections are OK but lacking the deep flavor expected of a craft aging room  Mild umame and nutty flavor.  Not too pronounced.   Good fat and marbling.  UDSA prime rib eye aging so subtle the flavor is robbed by the charcoal grillPass on the American Kobe style wagyu.  All cut totally miss the mark in fat content, marbling, looks and most importantly, flavor.Lamb; great selection of chops, tenderloins, legs, shanks, Frenched racks, and ground lamb.  Good strong lamb flavor throughout.   They do offer frozen, the game meats: antelope, buffalo rib eyes, chuck roast, burgers, rack of elk, elk tenderloins,  quail, wild duck, rabbit, venison, gator, wild boar.  Beyond the scope of this grilling session.  Will update after trying a few.Finally their home made sausage.  Just get them and try them.  Flavorful, well seasoned.  Excellent.Fair prices (better than Whole Foods).  Call ahead to avoid disappointmentA foodie and griller's heaven.
5	This place has the best grass fed beef around. And they take pride in all that they sell. We have not had a bad piece of meat from here.. flavorful beef!  A little pricey but that's because of their wonderful products.
5	The day started out sunny, 78 degrees and not a cloud in the sky, so I knew there wouldn't be a better night to fire up the Q, only one problem, I had nothing that formerly had a mother or a face to fire up on the Weber.  But no worries "yelp" to the rescue and after quick search of butcher shops throughout the valley my decision was made as to where I would get my dead cow from. They have two locations in the valley, so I chose the one off south Rainbow, which is in a new developing area, but was the closest to me.  It was very clean and neat upon arrival.  Don't expect the huge meat rack that you'll find at a Whole Foods because this is a neighborhood joint. Everything appeared to be high quality meat, and as it turned out I wasn't disappointed either.  GREAT selection of beef and better yet the prices were far better than what you'll find at Whole Foods, which I personally find to be over priced and over rated.  For me I would rather give my money to these local business owners who pour their heart and soul into the operation instead on being, #34 next in line please.The husband and wife team were quick to serve us, even when they got busy they were still super nice and answered every question about the beef I could ask.  They' ll also make great recommendations if you aren't sure what you're looking for if you ask them.So I chose a few pounds of rib-eye and some Italian to get the party started, and what a great night it turned out to be.  Now the only problem I have is finding away to get myself up off the couch!Did I mention they'll cut your meat to size and order you items like gulf shrimp to purchase? Once my cholesterol count is back in check I'll be back for those 2" rib-eyes I should of had them cut me the first time around! Bon appetit
1	Butcher shop, really. Don't think so. They have meat shipped in just like Smith's etc. They cut up what they get. Not butchers or anything close. I special ordered a certain turkey and was given some off the wall generic but at 4 times the price. Very sad.
4	Hats off to the wonderful woman who helped us when we were out from Philly for the World Food Champ! The owner helped us pick out a "special" blend of burger that he custom blended for us! It was SO friggin flavorful juicy and tasty when we cooked it! He really does know his meats! Love the variety of the shop too! Everything is SO fresh  and the store is bright and clean too!
4	Great to have a go to Butcher in town. They have the most amazing BBQ hamburger patties I've ever purchased. I first had them at a friend's BBQ, and have been a fan ever since. They have great customer service, and since I've been going there, I have converted two of my friends to fans.
2	I discovered butcher block only because I saw it on a competition on the cooking channel!   I was pretty excited because selection is really limited for anyone who is a real "foodie" and cook at the grocery stores so I visited the following weekend.It is true I was tickled to death to find things I would never find at a grocery store particularly fois gras and marrow bones and pork belly.  The service was great.   Both the fois gras and marrow bones cooked up well but I had to give it only 2 stars because so many things were frozen which is sacrilegious and one of my big pet peeves.I understand it's nearly impossible to carry all fresh when there are such specialty things and would custom order in advance to not get frozen but a "drop in" trip and something highly touted by TV Chefs at least, I just found that odd and disappointing.Pork Belly: Definitely do not buy this frozen.  I purchased 2 packages since I hadn't really worked with it before.  I dug around on the internet, read lots of recipes and they all had similar cooking techniques so I picked the most basic recipe.  The result was horribly dry meat with lots of fat.  I'm not sure how you go wrong with low and slow on pork but it did.  The following week I tried another recipe, same result.  I don't know how long that was in the freezer but maybe I was cooking and tasting freezer burn.  I've since found a source for fresh and tried the exact same recipe and it was fabulous.Duck: Also frozen.  It wasn't as bad as the pork belly but just not as good as fresh.The place I know buy all my beef, pork, poultry etc (Echo and Rigg) doesn't carry seafood so if Butcher block had great, fresh seafood I would go back but in reality Whole Foods is closer and I can always count on at least a modest selection of fresh (not previously) frozen seafood there so I probably wouldn't make the drive.  (For BIG things Costco always has a least one or two items not previously frozen.)Had Butcher Block had primarily fresh items in stock, my rating would have been much higher based on service and selection.FYI - On a hot day if you are more than a short distance away bring a cooler and Ice.  Whole Foods and Echo & Rigg will offer you ice but when I asked it seemed like it was the first time they had that request and did their best to accommodate my needs but just didn't have much to spare.  I don't know about the rest of you, but I keep a small ice chest in my trunk at all times during the summer just so I can get groceries home and keep them at a safe temperature. (or if I'm buying ice cream so I don't have flavored milk!)I'm guessing they have or soon will figure this out and may have corrected it since my visit.
2	Not that impressed.Let me start by saying that both my husband and I definitely KNOW how to cook! For Christmas, we decided to go to the Butcher Block (for the 1st time), and ended up getting two dry aged ribeye steaks, as well as some of their herb butter to go with it.Come Christmas day, we prepared the meat - left it out to get to room temperature, seasoned it, etc., then using a cast iron skillet on the stove, got a really good sear on it, and then it went into the oven to broil.While the steak did turn out a nice medium rare, perfect for both of us, the texture and flavor wasn't what we expected from such pricey steak. Honestly - I've had better tasting steak when we've made a Black Angus label steak bought at the Commissarry at Nellis. Next time we want to splurge on pricey meat, we'll probably head over to Glaziers.
2	This is a customer service review only. I called looking for sweetbreads after reading in the local newspaper that they carried them. After talking to three people, I was able to confirm they carried sweetbreads; however, when I asked for specifics (sweetbreads come from various animals and can consist of the thymus or pancreas, which would affect, in some cases, how one might prepare them). The staff were able to identify the animal from which they came because, "that's what the package says."I'm guessing, from their ignorance and other reviews, the sweetbreads were frozen as well.Clearly, the staff are not professionals, despite this being a specialty shop. If you go, be sure you know your meat, so you don't stew in your own juices. Caveat emptor.
5	These guys know their beef!! Never had a better day at the butcher than I have here at The Butcher Block! Their deli sandwiches are DELISH and easy to pick up on the way out to mountains or the lake. Love it here!
4	Goat Meat, Elk Meat, Buffalo Burger... you can find exotics here. The store is kept clean (no bad smell), and the customer service was excellent. Will return :)
3	I've been looking for a good butcher and I was excited to find out about this one. The mission was to get a variety of different meats to get an idea of the quality of the quality and to see if it was worth filling the freezer. I went on a Saturday at around noon, it wasn't very busy and looked very clean. I was getting a little excited and pretty much wanted to buy everything I could get my hands on.   Here's what I bought, 3 racks of baby back ribs, a couple thick New York steaks, a nice looking tri tip, some pork chops, an Atlantic salmon fillet and a package of hot dogs. All of which cost about $100, not cheap but not too bad if everything is as good as it looks. I went straight home to separate everything and package everything for storage. This is when I find out that the salmon is bad, really bad. I mean when I opened the plastic bag it immediately filled the house with the smell of death. I was really bummed because I had planned on putting it straight in the smoker. Oh well, after cleaning and washing everything even close to the fish I figured I would drown my sorrows in some baby backs. I threw a rub on them along with the tri tip and put them in the smoker. I would say hands down the best ribs I've had. Sliced up the tri tip and made barbecue sandwiches, again money.   I had vacuum sealed the pork chops and opened them two days later, death. Not sure if there was contact with the foul fish, but, I know I didn't cross contaminate it.   All the beef I got was excellent, including the steaks. Grilled at 500+ they were tender and juicy. Even the dogs were good. I believe the only problem was one bad fillet. I haven't been back, I'm sure I will return with a little more discipline and not just go all ADD.
4	Love that I can get wild boar and elk here, and it's reasonably priced. It is frozen, but what can you do? Demand isn't high enough to serve something like that fresh. Those are some very lean meats, great for bodybuilders.
4	I decided to check it out based on the reviews on yelp of course and I am glad I went! I ordered several meats and seasoning and all were great quality. They had a pretty good selection and all looked good! They have shish kabobs and shrimp skewers. Their prime rib roast was awesome! Prices are a little more than an average grocery store but the meat I think is better in most cases. I didn't see any organic grass fed meat though so that was the only down side for me. All in all was great and would recommend it to anyone.
5	Top notch quality meats and service to match. If you're looking to spend a little extra on a good steak, this is where you want to be.
5	I recently switched my dog to a raw diet. Lance was extremely hopefully and attentive. I had called ahead on Monday and received all the information I need. When I arrived Lance made sure I had everything I needed and even helped me carry the case of meat to my car. I live about 20 miles from this location and have a normal butcher that I typically would go to but I will definitely come back here for many reasons. The service is great and I'm a huge steak lover. They carry dry aged beef and marrow. My butcher requires me to order it in advance and commit to something 1 month out. I don't want to wait a month for my meat, finding this place was very exciting for me. I purchased 2 dried age rib eyes and marrow today. I cook ed them when I got home and they were both amazing.
5	Went in yesterday to pick up some meat for dinner. Decided to do burgers after seeing the "gourmet steak" ground mixture they had. Ron said it was a mixture of the ends of different quality cuts & a basic BBQ seasoning they use in the store. Well, they sure didn't let me down with this one! To make a quality burger, it's all about the meat & bun. I took these home to grill up "New Mexico" style, in light of all the great peppers out right now. Added a queso sauce, arugula, roasted poblano peppers, pickled red onions, and blue corn tortilla chips on a toasted brioche bun - cooked medium, of course! Everyone was impressed. Well done, Ron & team!
5	Best Place in town for quality Bbq ready meat.  They have everything you need all the way down to the wood chips and coals.  One stop shopping for backyard cooking.  Great side dish items as well... Staff is friendly and knowledgeable to answer your questions...
3	Called in day before for an order of 25 steak patties. Called in day of pick up to up my order and they weren't even aware of my previous order. So it made me feel foolish in attempting to add more to an order which they didn't even attempt to complete...mind you they took my name and number but the person I spoke to was like well I wasn't here yesterday. I gave them three stars because they had my patties by the time I got there, but it looked like they used all the ground steak in the shop.
5	Great meat selection and really helpful staff. If you want custom cuts of the highest quality meat check out a real butcher shop like this one. I'll definitely be back!
5	I go to the one on Rainbow all the time. I load up my freezer with meat, chicken, and seafood. They do vacuum pack to order. Since we are empty nesters we get everything in 2 packs for a single dinner. My doctor has told me not to eat animal products that have hormones or that are not grain fed.
