5	By far, the best pizza pies in Madison. Their crust and sauces are exceptional. This Italian joint is decidedly old school. Cheese is spread and calories and fat phobes are not spared. Much of the staff is young, but are all friendly enough. However, you don't come here too feed your ego ... just your face. Rosati's has a massive menu, but you cannot go wrong with any of it. In fact, if you order their sensational Italian sausage, you can't help but go right. Eat up and leave your calorie counter at home ... or else it may explode.
4	4 stars with the caveat that Madison pizza in general is pretty bad. Rostai's is the best 'cheap' every day pizza place in Madison.  Lombardinos's pizza is better as is Greenbush's.  But for easy delivery and reasonable prices Rosati's is good.  They're a little bit light-handed on the toppings and the crust is not great (but its thin and crispy).  The cheese and the sauce make the pizza.  They have specials and coupons on their website.
4	I had always resisted going to Rosati's because they don't usually have any seating available, so imagine my surprise (and delight) when I found out that this Rosati's (on Mineral Point) did indeed have seating and full wait-service!With the first "blizzard" of 2009 breathing down our neck, we ventured over to Rosati's to try their pizza.  Folks at work raved about it, so we set our expectations high.  We arrived and were pleased to discover they were open and that they did indeed have plenty of seating (6 large booths, a few tables, and a bar to sit at).The waitress invited us in and told us to sit wherever we'd like.  As we were sitting down, she brought us complimentary popcorn, along with the menus.  Tonight's special was fried chicken, but we opted for the double dough meat lover's pizza.  We added a Miller Lite and a couple of sodas for good measure.Pizza arrived; it was h-u-g-e.  Their "large" is closer to an extra-large if you'd ask me... We took our first bite, and - yum.  The cheese was fantastic - very flavorful, great texture, and perfectly proportioned.  The toppings were tasty as well - fresh and flavorful.  The sauce had just a hint of a kick, which was a pleasant surprise.I'm not sure that I'd order the double dough crust again (they have thin, double dough, Chicago style, and stuffed); I'd probably try the thin, as the double was just a tad too bready for my liking, but that's really nit-picking on my part.  The service was absolutely awesome - our waitress checked-in several times, made sure our drinks were always full, and followed up at the perfect intervals.  Top notch, for sure!  We will definitely be back.Rosati's = WINService = 5 stars (fantastic!!! friendly and helpful)Food = 4 stars (very solid pizza)Value = 4 stars ($26 for large pizza + drinks)MIsc = 4 stars (great menu variety, nice seating area)Summary: It's not often that you get great service from a pizza place, let alone a place that specializes primarily in delivery and carry out.  Combine Rosati's awesome service, huge menu, their delicious pizza, and the great overall value and you can't go wrong.
3	Rosati's is pretty okay, but that's about as far as it goes.  The biggest downside is the greasiness of their pizza - the last pizza I ordered from them (a double dough pepperoni classic) literally dripped grease.  It wasn't appetizing at all, although the taste was alright.  I have the feeling that the cheese is the main culprit, since they put a LOT of it on.  They also put the cheese on top of the toppings, which makes it harder to eat - why do they do that?  Maybe it's a Chicago tradition or something.I've never tried the Chicago-style deep-dish pizza, which is supposedly their specialty, so I can't comment on that.  There are also lot of sandwiches, pastas, and other things which I have yet to try.  Most pizza places are able to execute sandwiches and pastas with reasonable success, so I have no reason to believe that these areas of the menu would be lackluster.The cheese curds are good, and so are the breadsticks and wings.  So far I have really enjoyed all the appetizers I've ordered from Rosati's, so that redeems them somewhat in my eyes.  The prices are slightly steep, and the two-dollar delivery charge is a pain, but delivery is reasonably speedy.With Falbo's and Glass Nickel being my main delivery joints, Rosati's will probably be stuck in third place unless they can kick up the quality of their pizza.  However, I don't think you'll be disappointed if you DO decide to order from them.
3	Picked up 2 Chicago Deep Dish pizzas for lunch after a night on the town. 1 pizza was veggies, the other sausage, hot peppers, and mushrooms. Basically the taste of cheese dominated these pizzas with a seldom taste of topping -- a cheese bomb.
4	Well, I guess I have to up this review to four stars since I can't get enough of Rosati's Italian beef.  I have absolutely no idea how authentic it is, but since Rosati's is a Chicago-based chain, I'm guessing it's pretty close to the real deal.  Anyway, it's delicious, and the portions are extremely generous for what you pay (although the delivery charge still sucks).  Also, thin crust pizza is the way to go here.  It's still pretty greasy, but not as bad as the thicker crusts.  The individual-size pizza is pretty big for just one person and at a good price.
4	A totally reliable thin-crust pizza. Square cut, cheesy but not too cheesy, tasty sauce, crispy, delicious crust. The pizzas are fairly inexpensive considering the quality, and sandwiches and such are around $6-7. I've ordered from them a few times and have always been happy - never a burned or undercooked pizza in the bunch.
5	I've had many carry out dinners from Rosati's and man, are they good! I always know what I order will be cooked perfectly and taste delicious. One of my personal favorites is the Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich, for only $5.99 you get an amazingly large sandwich that will fill you up. I usually add au jus for only $0.25 more. Funny thing, I've yet to try their pizza's (I'm usually just grabbing someone on the go) but I am certain, and have confidence, that it will be just as delicious as their other menu items, if not better!
5	Most know Rosati's for pizza and take out, but they have so much more including an eat in dinning room.  There pizza is great, but you also need to try the ribs and fries, chicago hot dogs, and pastas.  They have dinning room specials every night that are an incredible deal!
2	Sadly I'm downgrading Rosati's. The more I have it the worse and worse it gets.  The crust is too much like cardboard for me.  And the ingredients are really, really cheap. Rosati's its me, not you...well, its kind of you.
4	I love Rosati's. i am always in search of a piece of Chicago when I get my hometown cravings. They do make an excellent  Square Cut thin crust pizza. Definitely flavorful, from the crust to the decadent toppings. But my sinful addiction is the flakey greasy old school Pizza Puff (giggles with delight) you can still get them here!!!!  There are those of you out there who understand to what I am referring to. Off the Charts !! Rosati's Rocks. Worth your money, every time.
1	It would have been nice to see if they actually HAVE good pizza. I went into their dining room and waited to be seated. Two waitresses and only one table occupied.  Despite being only five feet from them, neither bothered to acknowledge me or ask if I wanted to sit down. They were too busy talking and deciding which CD to play. After waiting for a time, I walked out.  I couldn't believe how rude they were.
4	The 2 hot dog combo is a great deal - Chicago-style dogs are so expensive around here, so 2 dogs, really good fries and a drink for $6 works for me.  I also tried the Italian Beef and it was just right - just like home.  Our service was excellent both times we've visitied.  I would go five stars, but this weekend my wife ordered the "double dough" pizza and I tried it - pretty disapointingly dry bland crust.  I'm certainly going to try the deep-dish sometime...maybe I'll change my review after that - 5star if it's great and down to 3 if it stinks.
5	Thank you, iPhone!  You took us to Rosati's, and we were delighted with everything:  the waitress, the coziness, the friendly customers there with us; and, of, course, the deep dish Chicago pan pizza. The slightly sweet, crisp crust; the savory sausage; the nutty warm cheese; that wonderful sauce!  We will be back!
4	Just about as perfect as a Chicago-style pizza can get. Their sauce was excellent, and their crust is superb! Sauce on top, just like it should be, piled with loads of toppings and cheese!Service was ok - she kept my drink filled. They only had one server though, and they got busy quickly, so she was very frantic and all over the place.Appetizer sampler was ok, but nothing to write home about.
4	Mamma mia I love pizza.  I am thrilled to say Rosati's is pretty darn good pizza.They are super close to where I live, so I popped over there to pick up a phone order that I called in a few minutes earlier.  Their selection of delicious Chicago style pizza is bomb.  I went with the S.O.B. (sausage, onion, and bacon) which was not only fun to eat, but also fun to say. S.O.B...hahaha.I got a thin crust, which I won't do again.  Don't get me wrong, it was delicious; however, they were so generous with the toppings, the poor crust couldn't hold it's own weight which made it super hard and messy to eat.  The flavor of the sauce is great, since it has a bit of a kick.  It has that extra flavor that explodes in your mouth.So here is why it is nicked one star.  I picked up the pizza and the guy at the counter said "We have a punch card. Do you want one?"  I said, "Yeah, sure!"He said,"Well we don't have them right now.  I don't know when we'll get them back."I was like..."Uh, ok."Why did he offer one in the first place?!  I would have loved a punch card, but you can't just offer a girl a punch card then not give it to her! Sheesh.Shenanigans aside, I love this place.  I love me some pizza.  I'm going again, and soon.
5	This place is phenomenal. Whenever we want pizza, this is the place we want to get it from, even if fast food pizza is cheaper. Great Chicago style pizza, in the opinion of this former Chicago native.
3	I've had Rosati's in Chicago and always thought they were a decent pizza, certainly not top 10, but good for a change of pace from the typical places.I stopped by this location since it was near my hotel and I learned they also served Italian Beef sammies, which are hard to find outside the Chicago area -- so they were getting my business after a 12 hour, no lunch work day.Since I had to get an Italian Beef, I also got a thin crust personal pizza (it was my first meal all day, don't judge me!) , in hopes that their thin crust was better than my memories of their deep dish back in Chicago.Unfortunately, while the Italian Beef was much better than expected, the Pizza was not. It wasn't bad, it was just bland and reminded me much like a kit pizza you would get at a bowling alley.
4	The lighting is subdued, the decor quaint, and the atmosphere is casual and comfortable. I liked the hand-painted wall murals and the Rosati's Italian sauce cans that bordered the ceiling. Adele music filled the small restaurant that has just six booths and three tables. It was very pleasant. Rosati's was busy the entire time we were there - there were always one or two groups waiting to be seated. Our server (Lindsey) was spectacular. We ordered a medium Chicago style pizza with sausage, pepperoni, onion, mushroom and black olive. It was much too much pizza - they are very generous with the toppings. The pizza was very good. The prices were reasonable. It is a great place for a couple or a small group (4-5) to enjoy a pizza/pasta night.
3	Reviewing for the pan style pizza.  HUGE, and kind of pricey.  The thin crust is too weak to hold up the topping, so I thought I'd get something with a little more oomph to hold up the goods, you know?It weighed more than my dog, and for the most part was tasty.  I love that you eat one piece and are full for the rest of the day, but the crust was way burnt.  I needed to tear off about an inch of the crust because it was burned and rock hard.  Totally bummed.Next time, I think I'll stick to the thin crust and just take my chances of topping tumbling off.
4	Food is always great.  Give a little love to the waitstaff, though.  On one night, I was worried for the girl who took my order.  She made a mistake and I got the impression that mgmt. would not be pleased with her if she did the right thing by the customer.  She should have been able, at the very least (in my opinion) to give me 50% discount on the pizza only, if the error resulted in wasting half the pizza.  I didn't argue with the meager offer of 25%.  I remembered my niece's experiences while working there at one point and immediately related to the anxiety the staff was experiencing.  If you can tell the mgmt. when their staff is great, maybe this will help them forge better relations with their employees.  Obviously, if they enable their staff to give superior service, they will win more than loyal customers, they will gain happy and confident employees.  If I were the type of customer that demanded fairness and could not see the fear of the boss in this employee, things would have escalated and that would have been silly.  Silly because in a lot of restaurants they would simply buy the loyal customer the entire pizza!  Again, great food!!  I will make sure I do my part in the future and repeat my order a couple times to help out the busy and helpful staff.
2	I had extremely high hopes for this place and was let down. The spaghetti and meatballs were ok but the extra $2 charge for the meatballs seems over-the-top. I ordered the Cheef sandwich and my Dad ordered the Philly Cheesesteak but based on our experience they are the exact same sandwich. The Cheef says it comes with your choice of sweet or hot peppers...when I asked for both I got charged 49 cents twice for the peppers. The menu says nothing about an extra charge for these items but says you can add them to other sandwiches for a charge. In my experience when it says "comes with your choice of sweet or hot peppers" you shouldn't have to pay extra for those peppers. Both of the sandwiches were alright though they came with an ample amount of fillings. Both of the sandwiches came with beef and although there was plenty of the beef it was basically flavorless. The only flavor mine had was from the $1 worth of peppers. The desserts were also very disappointing. The picture of tiramisu on the menu was square and looked homemade. The tiramisu we got was a frozen, pre-packaged triangle that didn't have much flavor. The two cannolis we got were also pre-packaged and frozen but actually had really good flavor. All-in-all I'm pretty disappointed.I would consider going back to try the Chicago style hot dogs and their pizza.
5	Chicago style pizza! Yes! It had to be authentic Chicago style, since I don't believe I had it ever. Only thing I ever that was remotely close was Bostonized, but that ain't Chicago - at least where I live. Used to the normal chains of Dominos, Pizza Hut, and the rest of them, but coming to a Chicago style pie joint is possibility made in heaven, I gotta say. After getting my pint of chocolate ice cream from Cold Stone Creamery relatively nearby, my Fitchburg friends and I stopped here at Rosati's for a delicious pie that could not be beat.Located on Mineral Pointe Road in the heart of Fitchburg, there is no shortage of parking spaces here, unless you have come on prime time and need a space. Rosati's is within the Clock Tower shopping complex on Mineral Pointe road, nearby the Saigon Noodles I had been to the night before on Odana Road. Plenty of food choices out here. With that in mind, my friend and I ordered take out instead of dining in, so this review is just for the counter service and the food items we bought. I had ordered the 14" Rosati Monster with the double stuffed crust, along with a side order of mozzarella sticks.Let me tell you that I had thought about getting the 16", but when that 14" came out, that monster was crazy huge! And I thought I could have tanked a medium Pizza Hut pizza without any problems. I guess they don't call it the Rosati Monster for nothing! The pizza itself was a meaty cheesy monstrosity that could not be tamed in one sitting. I tried my best, but I could just manage half of it while saving myself for Cold Stone, which I took out 1/4 of it along with the mozzarella sticks before calling it a night. Guess ill be having the rest of it for breakfast and lunch sometime. The pizza itself was rather good and heavy, so that was a feast in itself. I really did enjoy myself with this pizza and hope to do it again soon. The mix of meaty and cheesy was so good, I guess that mixture is total bliss. And it was!The counter service was ok at best. Everyone was moving around like it was crazy busy that night, but whatever works to get everyone's orders straight and make everyone happy and satisfied. They take credit cards, so that always awesome. That made me happy. They also have a dining area / restaurant, so that's nifty, if you choose to dine in here one of these days. Glad we phoned our order in, otherwise, we would have been waiting quite a long time for our order. Glad we made a pitstop at Cold Stone first before coming here. Overall, this plus is a serious recommend for sure. If you enjoy Chicago deep dish and Authentic made, this place is the one to go to. Just 3 hour drive northwest of Chicago, its pretty much the closest to the heart of Chicago if you are craving something from the source, but not willing to drive to the source. Rosati's is your best bet ever!Support localB+
1	I have never been bothered enough by bad service to leave a review. I ordered delivery via grub hub. Was told to expect the pizza in an hour. An hour and a half later I'm still waiting. I ring Rosati's and eventually they find the order then tell me it will be another 45 minutes. Not good enough. No more business from me.
2	We had a cheese pan pizza. If you are looking for Chicago style deep dish, this is not the place to find it.  The crust was pretty bland, there was very little sauce and the cheese was just ok.  Overall the pizza was bland, with too much crust compared to sauce and cheese. We probably won't return here, at least not for the pan pizza.
2	Rosati's gets two stars this time but it could get three or four. The potential is there and if you're going to have pizza in this strip mall, I'd choose the dark, dingy Rosati's over the more wide open, brighter Dahmen's every single time.On our last visit, it was a Saturday around lunchtime and the place was surprisingly busy. The waitress had her hands full, but she held her own. My son and I each ordered a slice of pizza. Mine was served at room temperature. There goes one star. Make it two. The crust on their Chicago-style pizza is chewier, in an overcooked or not-very-fresh sort of way, and less flavorful than others in Chicago, and Madison for that matter. There goes another star. Make a wish. Mine is for a fresher slice of pizza. In past visits, we've had the thin crust. I think Rosati's does this much better.My daughter had mostaccioli with sauce and butter on the side. Anyone can do that, so I'm not going to rate the entree, but I will say the marinara is fresh, thick and well-seasoned. The cheesy garlic bread is a guilty pleasure and a must-order every time, especially when dipped in that marinara. We've had the Friday fish fry. Skip it, but that's on us for ordering a fish fry at a pizza joint. We go to Rosati's fairly frequently and will be back. I think the solution to making this place awesome might be a just a little more attention to quality control.
1	Having never tried Rosati's before, I was eager to see what the buzz was about. So, my friends and I ordered some food which we would later pick up. As a vegetarian, I was pleased to see that there was a cleverly named "Veggie Wrap" on the menu, so I ordered it. When I finally got home with my food and started to dig in, I instantly noticed that my wrap smelled of beef!!! I speculated that the restaurant was not world-class, and as such, grilled their supposed "Vegetarian-friendly" fare on the same grill as their meat products, instantly losing authenticity. Sure enough, after calling, I found out I was right. A young lady picked up the phone, and after asking her about their procedure for making wraps, an elderly man picked up the phone, and simply said "what up". After explaining to him that I don't eat meat, and that world-standards state vegetarian food be naturally, free of meat or meat by-products, he proceeded to tell me he had "never heard of a vegetarian" and he "doesn't know what that means". He continued to argue with me, and   later refused to remake my Veggie Wrap because it would "cost him a couple dollars". I told him I could not eat it, and I would like to be reimbursed, He then uttered a slur, which I don't care to repeat, and told me to go elsewhere. Needless to say, this restaurant is clearly at the bottom of the heap in more ways than one and, frankly, is a lawsuit waiting to happen. If you are vegetarian, a minority, or just looking for an honest local pizzeria to patronize, I beg of you to steer clear of this ever-struggling establishment.
1	If I could give this restaurant 0 stars I would. I ordered a large pepperoni and a medium vegetarian pizza and two small salads and it cost me over $50. The pizza were to be delivered within 45 minutes to an hour and it took an hour and 30 minutes. I opened the boxes to find the thinnest crust I have ever seen on a pizza and they were supposed to be Chicago style. I am not kidding if they were  1/4 inch deep that would be stretching it. There were no identifiable toppings on the pizza except for two pepperoni. Nothing on the vegetarian pizza.I called to speak with the manager and he was quite rude. I've told me that he was not the one that ordered the pizzas and I could probably get a better pizza in the grocery store. He also asked me to not post a negative review because it would hurt his four children.I would not recommend this pizza place.
1	Their pizza is a joke! They advertise "Chicago style" pizza but they clearly know nothing about it. After waiting over an hour for our delivery, I opened the box to discover the most pathetic pizza I have ever seen. The crust was extremely thin and dry-more like a burned cookie. Presentation was awful! Whoever cut the pizza cut some sample sized pieces that were embarrassing to serve to family and friends that we were visiting. The manager did nothing to remedy the situation. In fact, he agreed that one would find a better value in a frozen, grocery store pizza. Extremely rude! Do NOT eat here!
1	Worst pizza ever. They have no idea how to make a pizza.They advertise "Chicago Style" , they don't have any idea what that is.The only reason I am giving it one star is because there isn't a negative star !!!
4	Consistently excellent food, especially their lunch specials (good on weekends too), closest to the Italian beef that in used to in Chicago, no one else that I've found in madison can get it right. I love their thin crust pizza, never tried the Chicago style because I'll go to Chicago if I want it.  The menu coupons make it a pretty good deal too...It seems that other reviewers ordered thin crust and expected a deep dish...
1	The food is of poor quality. The crust is close to cardboard. The salad did not taste good. The server asked us if we wanted more drinks and and we had to ask again to get them. We won't be returning.
5	There is no doubt that this is the only TRUE pizza in Madison...Those who run with the masses and order the sugary cheap chain pizzas have no clue as to what they are missing.  Treat yourselves someday to the crispy THIN PIZZA with Non-sugary sauce, perfectly spiced, with GENEROUS toppings and tons of melty cheese...ALWAYS delivered HOT.....MELTY....PERFECT..even in single digit temps...Rosati's Sausage is incredible BTW...their own recipe ....I insist you try the Chicago STYLE also some night ...It is BEYOND wonderful and balanced in flavors and textures...from the buttery flakey crust to the rich tomatoey sauce and the generous fillings not to mention the ooooozey cheeses..Check the menu for other items also ..like if you crave (or never even tried) a REAL Chicago Beef...THIS is the place..I get mine" wet, no cheese, hot Giardiniera" ...it is AMAZING  and HUGE!!Ok  well enough bragging about my favorite Madison Place for Take out...but..Trust me  you will NOT be disappointed...i would never lie to you
2	I went here a while ago and it was just a place we had never been to. The food was OK. It was not great but I didn't hate it. I would have liked it better if the crust was thicker and better. I tried a pizza that I had never had before (pineapple barbecue). The sauce wasn't very flavorfully and I heard that the salad was gross. The service was not great as well. She forgot our drinks and we had to ask again. In all it was OK food but I won't be back because I liked it.
4	Great food and decent service. It was the first time we tried Chicago style pizza and we loved it! However we gave it 4 stars because our pizza was lukewarm. Since they are made to order and it wasn't crowded we thought it would be hot.
5	Rosati's is my favorite pizza in the Madison area.  There's something magical about the sauce, cheese, and their italian sausage (we roll simple in my household)...  Very few pizzas give me that satisfying "hunger quenching" feeling that Rosati's gives me.  Unfortunately, that leads to the problem of not knowing when to stop!  But that's my problem, not theirs...I've carried out for lunch as well as ate in with the family.  I've never been disappointed!  The kids love it.  I love it.  My extended family loves it.  It's awesome.  The grab-and-go lunch options are nice too (I work nearby).
5	Dined inside Rosati's for the first time on a Sunday night. I dined alone that night but craved pizza, so I opted for a calzone so I did not over-order. The mozzarella was deliciously gooey. The sausage stood out. I also ordered the calzone with fresh garlic and red onion which gave it a great balance.My only regret about this visit is that I didn't get a deep dish pizza instead -- I get the impression that if their toppings are this great, their deep dish probably won't disappoint. Will be coming back again when I get a chance. Maybe with friends this time!
1	Pizza is good. I order the fish for lunch sometimes. It has gotten progressively worse. Soggy fries and 1.5 hours delivery times. Last time I order here.
5	The best place in Madison where you can get real Chicago deep dish!  Love it!  Makes me miss home!
2	Life's too short to eat mediocre pizza.  That pretty much sums up my feelings about Rosati's.  Stranded on the west side and in need of lunch, the WaunaQueen and I decided to give Rosati's a shot.  She ordered a slice of the pepperoni, I opted the Cheef sandwich, Italian Beef with covered with melted mozzarella cheese.Both offerings were exceptionally mediocre.  The crust reminded me of what you get with a frozen pizza, dense, overly chewy and flavorless.  The sauce had that overcooked, right out of a can flavor.  The greasy cheese and pepperoni followed the exceedingly mediocre theme to a T.  To make matters worse, my wife's slice came out warm at best, so she had to have the kitchen put it in the oven to warm it up. The Italian Beef sandwich had little going for it in the flavor department, whether it be the spongy bread, the melted slab of chewy mozzarella cheese or the watery ju that accompanied the sandwich.  I appreciated the generous serving of beef, but man oh man, I'd trade less beef for more flavor.  The crinkle-cut fries came out warm and limp.Service at the front counter was pleasant and efficient.  The person at the counter cheerfully greeted us as we entered the restaurant and granted our request for a side of feta cheese to go with my daughter slice of cheese pizza.  With a variety of lunch specials, you do not need to spend a fortune on your lunch here.  The dining room could serve as a set for Goodfellas, with the Italian music wafting over the speakers, the red and white checked (plastic) tablecloths, elevated private booths and a minimal amount of sunlight filtering in though a small window.    The two big screens TVs detracted from the ambiance, but I did appreciate being able check the score of the World Cup match taking place that day.If you are looking for cheap and filling, this is your place.  If you are looking for delicious, keep driving past this strip mall outpost.
4	The pan style pizza was perfect with a non dry cluster! Service was good with a typical family style setting with checkered table clothes. The gyro pizza was excellent.
5	Amazing place. I'm often too hungry to be patient here, but am never disappointed.Knowing how good the food is, it's VERY hard to be patient... And some days we've had to wait about 20 minutes for our food. But it was well worth it, I think. Have never been able to finish an order from here (portions are VERY generous)... Great leftovers! Their pasta is amazing and their pizza is one of the best in town.I've only dined in, never carried out. The dining room isn't huge, but you won't feel like you're suffocating. The lighting is a little dim, and they often have Dean Martin playing in the background. Flat screens at every corner, I believe-- you'll never miss a game or breaking news! Ha!The service is almost always good. The servers are always very nice.First time writing a review for this place (and in general), but I will be sure to add any more info if necessary.Definitely a place to go, any time of the week! You won't regret it!
3	This place was pretty good. Perhaps the better pizza outside of downtown. We ordered a gyro pizza on the thin crust which was really quite good. They make a yummy pizza.On the downside, the ceaser salad was a few torn pieces of romaine, shred of parmesan, and a vinegar based ceaser dressing. Not good. No effort to actually make it a dish worth eating. For comparison Lou Malnatis makes an excellent ceaser salad. Also, free breadsticks with the pizza for the monday special were alright. Better than the salad but not worth buying if they ain't free although the marinara sauce tasted pretty good. A simple tomatoey marinara.So I would come again but avoid the side dishes and stick to the main events.
3	I'll judge Rosati's by what they claim to be: an "Authentic Chicago" restaurant featuring pizza, italian beef, and hot dogs. I think they did a very mediocre impression of Chicago's classic food. The thin crust pizza was my favorite: pretty crunchy crust with flavorful sauce and enough cheese (nothing too much but it was at least more than a national chain like Papa Johns. The toppings weren't as plentiful as I'd like. Each slice had two or three pepperoni pieces with a couple sausage bits. I thought the taste reminded me of a Chicago thin crust pizza but was not up to its level. For the Italian beef, it was not comparable at all. Very below-average. Flavorless without copious amounts of either Au jus or giardiniera. The french roll was too soft and had no exterior crisp to it. The prices are a tad high, but for a place that calls itself a specialty restaurant they are what you'd expect. Service is pretty fast and friendly. Overall three stars sums it up: Mediocre.
5	Wow finally some basic Italian food in Madison that isn't flavorless and bland !  One of my few regrets in moving to this area is that much of the local flair is bland.  I was sad that Olive Garden was my favorite moderate priced Italian restaurant.  That is until I tried Rosati's.  I am not looking for authentic, I don't know if this real Chicago fare but I do like how it tastes.  I am pleased with the service and love the fact that you get a bowl of salty popcorn when your seated.  I hope more franchises open in the area.
3	I ordered from Rosati's for the first time in a couple years and the pizza is still just fine (this time I went for The Veggie) but what I really wanted were good breadsticks. I'd never tried theirs, but figured since they had decent crust, a decent breadstick would follow. Unfortunately, logic failed me in this department. The price of the breadsticks on the menu were cheap ($2.99), and the quality followed suit. I'm convinced that they are not made in-house, as they were extremely bland and had that spongy, white-bread quality you'd find in a plastic-wrapped package you'd pick up in the grocery store. Another menu item, Nuggets, are billed as pieces of crispy pizza dough tossed in garlic butter sauce. Those go for $6.49, and should have tipped me off that the breadsticks were probably not the best choice. The upside in the long run is that I'll have consumed less bread, but giving me SyscoStix (my own name that I wouldn't be at all surprised to find is a real product) instead of just cutting up some pizza dough was a star-dropping move. What else can't they be bothered to make?
2	I've been ordering from Rosati's West since I moved to Madison. However, since they raised their prices, I don't feel like their meals are competitive anymore -- there's a lot of good other pizza joints around here. Also, their "customer service" is kinda crappy. Obviously, small mistakes happen - and they have multiple times before - (e.g. being charged for mayos that should have been included) but I never thought of writing a review up until tonight. So, amongst other things, I ordered two chicken sandwiches and cheese curds. Both came plain, with no lettuce, tomato, or mayo. Cheese curds also came with no sauce. I was not asked what I wanted with curds/ on sandwiches during the order and I definitely did not say that I wanted them plain, as witnessed by two other people in the room while I placed the order. When I called back, the kid told me that I ordered plain & cheese curds with no sauce. You know, if I don't explicitly say that you want lettuce, tomato and mayo, but your menu says that it comes with it, you just put in on it, period. Kid said (with an attitude) that he will put in a note for the next time... there will be no next time! It's not like I wanted my money back... all they needed to say was sorry, it's not going to happen again.
1	(First Yelp review)First time ordering through Rosati's.  I'm tired of pizza, so I thought I'd try to mix it up a bit and get a sandwich and some sides: meatball parm, garlic wings, and cheese fries.The delivery went OK, no complaints there.  The delivery charge was reasonable (about half that of most folks on Grubhub) and the timing was decent.  The food, however was an absolute travesty.- SO MUCH SALT.  I was unable to finish a single dish because everything was drenched in salt.  The bread, the cheese, the meatballs.... all one big briny mess.  - The cheese on the sandwich was felt plasticky and tasteless.  I'm pretty sure the cheese on the cheese fries came out of a can.  Maybe I expected too much from a restaurant in Wisconsin (I didn't realize Rosati's was a chain.  I was thinking more along the lines of AJ's in Verona), but I always expect the cheese to be good, at least.- The garlic bread was hard instead of crispy, salty instead of garlicky.- The one positive was that that the Diet Coke was cold.So, in the future... no.  Maybe I just got a bad sample, but it was bad enough that I'm not going to give it another shot.
1	Every one that worked there was extremely rude, when ordering my pizza the guy was rude, the server was also extreuy rude and we were not given a seat and had to wait for a long time when there were many seats open, then get this about half way threw are food we were told we had to move because it was getting bussy and a bigger party was comeing in with no reservation, smh rosaties smh
5	Best pizza in Madison and the service is excellent! Its quick and the staff are very friendly !
