3	No frills.  Nothing fancy.  Just some honest burritos and tacos.  Voted "best taco" by New Times a few years back (in the 90's).  Not sure I agree, but they consistently satisfy.  They make a hearty breakfast burrito too.  If you're looking for Sonoran or Tex-Mex or anything beyond what you might find at Filiberto's, try somewhere else.  The red burro combo is my personal favorite.  It's saucy (enchilada style) and just spicy enough.  Bottled beer available.
4	The pseudo-hubster LOVES this place and drags me along every once and again. The salsas, I think, suck, so that's a big time star auto-deduct. It's pretty dumpy inside and out, and it's almost always dead... this is pretty much the entire reason I like it. We can come here without seeing a soul we know, enjoy some good, traditional Mexican food, and enjoy a cerveza in peace.
4	Gentrification be damed, this place is still (barely) standing. First off let me warn you that the salsa that comes with the chips is HOT. Not just a little spicy - like 5 alarm rip your own tongue out hot.That aside, the food here is really good. I usually order 3 rolled chicken tacos with gaucamole or the cheese enchiladas. They never get it wrong. Everything on the menu is cheap, fast and damn good. They are also speedy with the drink refills which always rocks.Also, you can actually catch a bus to Jaurez from their parking lot as the local scary bus to Mexico departs from the depot next door. That is pretty hot too.
3	From the outside this place looks as if it would be infested with flies inside and has a fat greasy cook at the grill.  I am happy to announce it was neither.  I love the look of the furniture in this place, which has old Mexican looking carved chairs.  They even added a jukebox full of Spanish music for your own pleasure.  I will start with the drinks.  Of course they have all of the important imported beer, but the best part about this is that they are cheap!!! Almost half the prices of most places, which will definitely keep me coming back.  I have always said you can determine how good the Mexican food is by the salsa and the rice.  The salsa was just the way I like it, tasty while eating it and spicy when you're done.  This obviously just makes you want more due to the fact that your tongue is still sizzling and craving that hot flavorsome liquid on a crunchy tortilla chip-- a positive in my book.  They even give you an extra bowl to mix both the red and the green together.  Now onto my meal, chile verde burrito with a side of rice.  I love to try this dish at different places since most green salsas all taste different depending on who makes it, so different places meet my craving needs.  My burrito was ok, but I wouldn't rank it up there with the best.  It needed more flavor and definitely more spice.  Adding the salsa for the chips made it a little more enjoyable.  The rice to me was disappointing.  Mexican rice should be juicy and fluffy, but instead it was fried and had no flavor.  I'm not too much of a shrimp person, but my brother got shrimp colorado, which was surprisingly (to me the non-shrimp eater) good.  In the end the salsa gets a check on my list, the rice was a negative and the beverages quenched my thirst.  I will be dining here again, but next time I will stay away from their burritos.
4	"Are you kidding me Laura?!?!""OMG we are going to get shot!!""Dude this is a fucking double wide."This is what I heard upon entering the parking lot. "Hell yes we are eating here I don't care what you say!!"I like it no matter if Veronica R (my sister) did not like their green chili. Its a taco place order the tacos!! Yes the rice was overcooked and a bit crunchy hopefully its not like that all the time. The beans were FANTASTICO they tasted like the ones my Abuelita used to make. The salsa was not for the weak its nice and spicy just how I like it. I had the shrimp tacos as my entree see pics, they were delicious I cleaned my plate!!Cheapest beer ever I had a Bohemia for $2.50 they are $6 anywhere else!! We also took some Horchata and a Mansanita glass bottle to go mmmm. This place was clean and reminded me of Mexico inside, if I am in the area I would not hesitate to stop in here for a bite.Shout out to Danny S for recommending! TY!!
4	why hello there, hole in the wall; that's not really a hole in the wall, except for the food.....delicious! i love the tacos durados (fried tacos-chicken) and their rice is just like mama makes it. the photos below do not do the food justice. don't go during lunch unitl after 1pm or you'll have slow service, everything is cooked up fresh....the salsas are hot hot hot. love it!
5	five stars is simply not enough.i was always scared to try this place. i don't even think i knew it was still a functioning restaurant. i'm glad i was wrong.
5	so two gringos walk into a mexican taco shop next to a mexican bus station....badump bump.OMG!! wtf have i been missing here. i got a carne asada burro and a soft chicken taco...taco was awesome. the corn tortilla was soft, supple and tasted awesome. piled high with lettuce some sliced radish and i squeezed some lemon ontop. i murdered this taco. execution style. imagine finding a duffle bag full of heads in Juarez...well this taco belonged to one of those heads..understand?the burro was very tasty. the meat seasoned well and only two bites did i find some grisly bits. the carne asada was rolled up with some diced tomatoes and a cup of pico on the side. i kinda prefer my CA Burrito with a heap of Guacamole like how FilliB's makes them. but this was really tasty and i will order it again...after i check out the other items on the menu of course. you will now find me here every saturday morning. the tacos at Tacos De Juarez will soon refer to me as the Chalupacabre.
5	I took a friend and tried this place after reading the reviews here on Yelp. The food here is great!   Started with great chips and salsa, the green tomatillo salsa was especially good. Tried the shrimp tacos and the tacos durados chicken. Both were excellent, They were served with beans, rice, and a small salad. There was plenty of food for both of use, my friend gave me one of her tacos as she could not finish her plate. They have various Mexican beers and Bud Light available and it was served very cold with a frosty glass and a lemon slice. They also have Mexican bottled sodas in real glass bottles. We left stuffed and very happy.  I will definitly be back!!
5	Ok, so I had been scouting this place out for a while, mainly because it looked like such a dump and was located next to a bus stop.  I finally stopped in a couple months ago and it was... really tasty!  Don't let the shack-like appearance of this place fool you - it's damn good mexican food.  Best I've had in the Downtown area actually.  I definitely recommend the "gorditas," which actually taste a lot like what Taco Bell call chalupas.  Sort of a thick, buttery, fried taco.  Good stuff
5	OK -- not much else to add to what has already been said, creepy looking place but knock your socks off good Mexican food.I've driven by this place on my way to work for nearly 4 years and always thought it was a bit too dumpy even for me. LEST WE FORGET - the crappier looking, dingy, run down, hot, windowless, next to a bus station types of Mexican food places are the BEST. This one has all the above. Its cheap too.I had the chimichanga with beef machaca. So freaking good. Probably the best chimi I've ever had next to Rito's, of course. But this place has better hours :)
5	Power yoga class today. What great way to detox your body and find all the muscles and balance points you rarely use (you'll find them the hard way, BTW, but that's another story).As I was lying on the mat at the end of the class, listening to Max (our instructor/Chief Yogi), telling us to just be and to try to not think...try not to eat or drink for an hour after the session and just let our bodies detox, all I could think of was "what can I eat to retox as quickly as possible, that won't kill me where I stand?"Not an easy question to ponder, even with the existential power of yoga still pulsating through every fiber of my being...a chili dog from Ted's or Long Wong's?; an Italian Beef  from Luke's; Chicken and waffles from Lolo's?And then it hit me, almost causing me to stir from my yoga induced coma, Taco's de Juarez!!!!!As anyone who has read even one of my reviews will tell you, I am a "Trendinista" of the first order. I follow the herd, make no mistake about it! Why?Because, occasionally, the herd knows where it's going...and this is one of those very special occasions!I had spotted this place before...on my way by at high speed, to get to Welcome Diner for a burger.But since I wasn't packing, I never, ever stopped rolling, let alone got out of my car here. Yelp changed all that. This place has some terrific reviews, in spite of the fact that there isn't a Betos or Bertos in sight. Worth a try, right?Taco's of Juarez is a delightfully dirty little gem...the proverbial diamond in a goat's ass. I sat down and the sweet little non-english speaking waitress brought chips and salsa...The Two Grinders (Los Dos Molino's) need to take salsa lessons from these folks...some of the best salsa I have had (the salsa verde is definitely the best I've had in the US...makes me long for couple of places along the beach in Bahia de Navidad).In an effort to retox as quickly as possible, I ordered the number 16 lunch especial...a shredded beef gordita ("gordita" means "meat wrapped in lard, then deep-fried" in Spanish) and a cerveza (ice, ice cold BTW).Freakishly good...I know, it was almost pure lard that had been heated to point where it lost its molecular cohesion and liquefied...but it was damn tasty lard. I forked a little salsa chile and salsa verde onto the gordita (accompanied by refritos and rico) and dug in.I awoke to shouts of "clear" as the feverish paramedics worked to restart my heart...just kidding! I am fine:) !!So, go to the pawn shop and find yourself a nice little Sig Sauer 9mm pistol and holster, turn on the car alarm and go try Taco's of Juarez. Possibly the best Mexican food in town!And now, another one on my list of favorite places to retox after I've detoxed!
4	I've lived here all of my life (33 yrs) and somehow I had never heard of this place. The exterior is unassuming, to say the least. Good food. Huge portions. Excellent service. Mostly under 8 bucks. Definitely worth going to. Don't let the structure fool you. The inside is much nicer.
2	Maybe the current economy has forced Tacos de Juarez to make some cutbacks in the quality of their food, because our recent experience was nowhere near as good as everyone else seems to have had. We live mere blocks from here, so we felt it was about time we tried it. The chips and tostada base tasted off, as if the oil they were fried in was a little rancid. The cheese on the cheese crisp was plentiful- and pretty oily. My husband called the cheese in his chile relleno the most tasteless he had ever had, as was the relleno batter. I ordered a #1, but wanted to substitute a hard taco for the cheese enchilada. I checked the a la carte prices, and knew that the taco was actually less expensive, so I was sure I wasn't going to be screwing them over. I can't tell you how long it took me to try and explain what I wanted to our server. I'm sure there are those who would say it's my fault for not speaking Spanish. Anyway, I ended up getting my tostada and the hard taco, but no taquito, and no rice and beans. Then another 10 minutes of my life went by as I tried to explain again what I had ordered when the server asked if everything was alright, but that really, no one needed to bring me out any more food. I had had enough by that point and knew it would already be a Pepcid AC kind of night. The cook and the server argued and finally the server understood that she had gotten my order wrong. They comped my food, which wasn't necessary, but they insisted. My taco and tostada were just alright. The beans in the tostada were cold, which I am not used to.We've had everything better somewhere else, and feel no need to return.
5	Foreword:  You may see that all my reviews are 5 stars (with the exception of one really horrible experience (I won't mention any names....*cough-MATADOR-cough*) reason being you may ask...I only feel compelled to share the really good ones, or really bad as the case may be ;)Ok, to the business at hand...TDJ is HOTT from the chips with the amazing red chile salsa to the check this place is ON IT!!I have been addicted to this place here lately and I can't get enough, what can you ask for in a good nosh spot....consistency baby, this place nails it....always good, never a disappointment!So far I have tried about 6 different menu items...everything from the machca plate to the cheese enchiladas...right on the money!  I would say about as authentic as you can find my friends....Not sure....but everything is soooo gooood that I may just try the "lengua" here soon....still a bit freaky, but I have to assume the same high quality will grace my plate!Please don't be fooled by the well, quite frankly scary exterior...this place has what it needs on the inside....cold beer, amazing chips, mind blowing salsas....consistent service (even when it's busy) and great food!!Well, what are you doing still reading this?  Don't stand on ceremony here people...run don't walk to this one!!
5	First off I have to say thanks to the fellow yelpers!!! I have worked downtown for over 5 years and drove by this place every day twice a day.... and had no idea it was even open for business. The place looks abandoned and quite scary.  I have seen some interesting people next door and I would have never given the place a shot if it wasn't for you all!    On to the food :) Since this was my first time I thought I would try the basic Mexican food combo to judge the place.  I had the #17 Taco and Enchilada rice and beans I added beef to the enchilada. (comes shredded unless you specify ground) I can't say one bad thing about the dish. It was amazing. The rice was perfect for my taste and even the beans were good.  I really enjoyed the salsa. Some may not since it is not a fresh tomato and onion type of salsa. It is more like a hot sauce. The service was good. The atmosphere was good.  Prices are good. This will absolutely be added to the Mexican Food Lunch rotation!!
4	Good food, good service, good price, shitty location.I had the carne asada plate which came with guac, beans, and corn tortillas.  The tortillas were amazing, the carne asada was above average, as were the beans.  Unfortunately, as good as it was, it's still Mexican food.  Not that I have anything against Mexican food, it just, for the most part, all tastes similar.  Nothing really stood out as AMAZING.  If I'm in the area (god forbid), I'll def. eat there again, but I'm not going to drive from the E. Valley to go here.  Bonus points for having 7-Up in a bottle, made with sugar.
4	I ended the work week on a nice note when I met Donald S and a new friend at Tacos De Juarez for lunch on Friday.  We enjoyed good conversation amidst the early Goodwill high back dining chairs, the Formica tables mixed with the old Ethan Allen desks serving as tables (thanks for that insight Mark) and crowd of diners from a broad swath of life.The chips were good, standard stuff.  The red and green salsa was also tasty, although the red is mild bordering on hot and the green is just hot.  I recommend waiting until your drink arrives before starting in on the green salsa.I wanted 2 enchiladas.  They come with cheese and I wanted one with cheese and one with chicken added.  There was a bit of language difficulty and I ended up with 2 chicken enchiladas.  But let me start with the basics because that is where my judgment of a Mexican restaurant begins:  rice and beans.  If they miss on the basic rice and beans then they will have a hard time getting me back.  The rice and beans were good.  Not greasy, not dry.  Great.  On to the enchiladas.The chicken enchiladas were smothered in a generous amount of enchilada sauce and cheese and filled with a hearty portion of stewed chicken.  Good stuff.I will absolutely add Tacos De Juarez to my list of good & cheap restaurants.  And having been in the El Paso/Juarez area recently I can say that even though the neighborhood immediately surrounding Tacos De Juarez looks a little sketchy it is not.  For example there were no poor souls executed and left hanging from a chain link fence here as there was a couple weeks ago along the border.
4	I drove by this place almost daily for years and never had the desire to go in. It looks downright scary from the outside and is wedged between a laundromat and a mexico bus station. The dirt parking lot doesn't help the image either, nor does the fact that it looks like an abandoned titty club where you might find a dead stripper behind. Nevermind all that.This place has very good food. This place has very good prices. Damnit, this place has the hottest green salsa ever made. They don't speak much English, but I can order food in Spanish so that works out. The green chiles actually appear to be fresh instead of that canned crap. Nothing on the menu was groundbreaking, but everything tasted fresh, clean, and well prepared. If you go there, look at the sign on the window about the restroom being for customers only. I wrote it, swear. It had the word "costumers" and I asked them if I could escribe them a nuevo signo. They let me. I've got a little fame here.
3	This place is a real dump, but the food is very good.  It was good to go here after a baseball game to avoid the traffic (careful, the walk is about a mile).  Jim gives this 4 stars, and Mo only 2 -- she's a little pick on this one.
4	Saw the reviews of this place earlier today so thought I would give it a shot.   Area is a little iffy but nothing major.  The inside was really comfortable.  We sat down and got our chips and salsa right away.  Decided to wait for my soda before dipping in to the green salsa sue to reviews.  good thing.  Hot Stuff!  Good flavor tho.  Red was more managable for a medium type person as myself.  Ordered the Red Chili burrito and right away tried the rice and beans.  AWSOME!  However the Red Chili burrito was average.  Pretty bland and some of the meat were big chunks of really tough eat.  Still good.  5 of 5 on everything but the burro.  Burro was probably a 3 or 2.5.  Not going to be on my regular rotation but I'll probably be back and just get a bean burrito.  Im not very adventurous with my mexican food so...Beans were great tho.  Worth the trip alone.
4	Just a few blocks from home, I had been a little intimidated by the location. I don't know why, but I am glad I finally stopped in for lunch. The interior is cool and clean. You seat yourself and they bring out the best green salsa and a red salsa that is full of flavor (a little too much oregano for my flavor). Both with the perfect balance of flavor and heat that builds to that point of being addictive. [I like my chile hot, but not to the point that it ruins my food or my taste buds.] They have an extensive and well priced menu which includes a list of lunch specials and combinations. I choose the #18 lunch special which came with a Crunchy Taco with Shredded beef and a beef flauta covered in homemade guacamole, served with rice and beans. The rice was perfectly toasty, simply seasoned and well cooked. The beans were re-fried to perfection, and not overly covered with cheese. The taco and flauta were perfectly crisp. The shredded beef used was wonderfully simple, none of this cumin infused, tex-mex chili flavored shredded beef, thank goodness. There is nothing fancy about the food, this is simple classic homemade Mexican food, served with sincerity. I will be back!
3	A little higher priced than I expected for such a divey place, but the food was great and definitely hit the spot. I got a chance to try the breakfast enchiladas with eggs on top of them and there were perfect! Something about the yolk and the enchilada sauce really won me over. I also tried the green chili and shredded beef burrito. It was really good and filled with authentic flavors.Lastly, there were the chips. They were about average for chips here in the valley, but I really liked the salsa verde...I kinda couldn't stop eating it. I'm excited to go back to this place and ask for a recommendation. I have a feeling that I will find something here that will keep me coming back again and again.
3	I'd have to say this was average for most divey little Mexican places.  Being so close to the freeway you are likely to pass right by without a second thought.  You can't judge a book by its cover because while the outside says Ugh, the inside of the place is done up very well with thick lacquered wood chairs straight out of a Mexican church.I was super excited because everyone raved on the salsa, which I have to say was quite a disappointment.  The green was definitely spicy but had absolutely no flavor to it whatsoever, I think I could have accomplished the same thing by mixing cayenne with a corn starch slurry.  The red had a little heat but the overpowering flavor was oregano, not my favorite herb for salsa, where's the cilantro?!?The cheese enchilada with rice and beans I ordered is what saved the place.  It was a decent portion of food and tasted great.  A co-worker had the carne asada and I don't think the steak was even marinated and was griddle grilled so it didn't have any char flavor either, it was saved by the guacamole whihc wasn't anything to rave about either.If you work downtown and are looking for somewhere new, close, and inexpensive for Mexican food, it's definitely a place to try at least once to gauge against others.
4	What to order: the shredded beef tacos (which is what earns the 4 stars).  I'm a huge fan, my mouth occasionally waters thinking about them (like now).  This is a great spot for cheap authentic Mexican to go food.  This review is more for my friends.  If you're hanging around Roosevelt or Co+Hoots, there is a great easy place to take-out from right in the hood.  Nothing about the overall experience jumps out at me, dining-in sitting in the straight back chairs isn't recommended.  They don't speak much English and the local Mexican families do eat there - so you know it is good and authentic!!!
4	Slaving away at work...I forgot my lunch and began to crave some good quick Mexican food. I have come to count on Tacos de Juarez for its speed and consistency providing authentic Mexican food. This trip I did the 2 crunchy tacos lunch special. They had already provided my chips and salsa even before I ordered. Both salsas were just as good as always. I was in and out in under an hour.
3	Great tacos and even better green sauce!  I love me some green sauce on almost anything.  My friends were deciding where to grab food before running up and down Roosevelt last night, and they knew just how to slide me over to their side... in the great dining debate of Guy Fawkes day 2010... we decided to set a little fire to our taste buds at Tacos De Juarez.  The fact that they serve beer, and it was Friday night,  might have also been a deciding factor.  In the long run, we ALL won.  The french fry freaks got theirs, we had some great food, the beer was cold and the jukebox was.... well, the jukebox worked.  My only regret was that I didn't pick a few of the tunes.
4	The food is fresh here. The quality and taste is consistent. The service is nice and polite even though a couple of the servers don't speak much English. The building is a trip -  the outside looks like a doublewide trailer on a foundation, but the inside has a homey Northeastern Mexico look. On the other hand, even though the guacamole was fresh, it's a little bright and lacks strong taste, and the red hot sauce is too watery(it's still got that kick). Overall, if you're not itchin over substandard guacamole and marginally inflated prices for the location then it's a great place to chow. I give it four stars because the food is good, fresh, fast and the service is friendly and quick.
2	What a disappointment!After reading these reviews and even hearing good (not great) reviews for a couple family members, we headed her this Sunday.  First off, I thought the service was mediocre to poor.  Not friendly, no smiles, and they never came back to the table except to take the order and deliver the food.  No water, no extra chips for the table of four, nothing.My wife tried the Huevos Rancheros, which were okay, not terrific.  Congealed eggs versus over easy, but a big tortilla.  $6-7 bucks, so didn't break the bank.I had the two enchiladas and shredded taco plate, about $10.  Overpriced, greasy, and just not very good.  Gut bomb was more like it.My daughter had two shredded beef tacos for $4, filling.  My son had a $4 or so bean an cheese burrito, again just okay.Re-fried beans were paste, and more lard than beans it tasted like.  Rice was good, not great.Anyway, not even in the top 1/2 of mexican restaurants I've been to.  Definitely not in the top 3-4 like many reviews seem to indicate. I live downtown, so only about 5 min from here.  I really wanted this to become my favorite new place.  But when a place is in a just okay neighborhood, dirt driveway, and mediocre to poor interior, man, their food and service needs to shine.And they just don't.I won't be back.  By the way, If anyone wants to know my favorite Mexican owned and operated, not ritzy but excellent food place in Phoenix, head to Las Glorias south of Northern on 19th Avenue.  Better value, better food, better decor, and way better service.
4	Tacos De Juarez never fails to satisfy my Mexican food cravings.  This is another one of the valleys long running, authentic, Mexican joints that just use a tried and true method of success: keep it simple!  Fresh ingredients and traditional menu choices make for a consistent and tasty output, each and every visit.I always love the tacos here and the chimichanga is cooked perfectly and covered in sour cream and guacamole, both of which are the perfect accompaniment. I order an extra side of rice because I never feel like I get enough, but for the price point, who cares, you never spend more than 10-15 dollars per person.If you are on McDowell heading down towards the arena to take in a Suns game, you can stop here and be rest assured that the food will be great.
5	to those in search of authentic mexican cuisine, make this your go to place.  we enjoyed great food and service. decor is rustic, ah but who cares when the food is so magnificent.
5	So I checked around yelp for a new place to try for tacos and i came across Tacos De Jaurez. I was downtown so I decided to check it out with my sister.... I ordered the #5 carne asada soft tacos off the lunch menu and a large horchata ($5.99 and $1.99) and my sister order just one chicken soft taco............probably because I brought her to a place she's never been before, plus there were a few guys outside working on a vehicle and it sat in an open lot between two odd buildings... haha. So we got our food within 8 mins, not bad at all... she opened her bag and took one bite then scarffed the rest. I gave her a look as I was opening my food, as if to say your not touching mine because I had enough faith to order alot and i'm going to eat it all look.... It came with very delicious pico de gallo and red and green salsa. All three combined in my taco was awesome:).... full of flavor! The tacos came with rice and beans, both cooked perfectly... We didnt dine-in so i can't comment much about the service, but cashier lady was helpful and nice. So yeah I enjoyed it very much, although I didnt get to finish it all myself because I decided to share with my sister...yeah I know..snooze you loose, but I did.  I can tell she enjoyed the unexpected stop at Taco De Juarez, so we will be back:)
5	When I moved away, these were the tacos that I missed! I stopped back today, and must say - it was exactly how I remembered!  The lunch specials are very reasonably priced at $5.99 and come with two items and rice and beans. I always get the hard taco - seasoned shredded beef, lettuce, and cheese in a deep fried corn tortilla - and the cheese enchilada. I could eat the rice and beans alone, both are so well seasoned and they definitely don't skimp on the cheese! The only thing to watch is that the red hot sauce can vary from visit to visit - some days it's super hot, others - not so much.The wait staff is exceptionally friendly and always try to help me because my Spanish is so limited. The interior is large but very modest, there aren't a lot of fancy decorations - this is a place to come for the food and service and  not th ambiance. Still, one of my faves!
5	Have been going to this restaurant since I was in a high chair, seriously! We don't go back because it's where we've always gone, but because of the good food and great service. Their chorizo with beans and rice is very good, and so is their horchata. My dad gets the shrimp tostadas and menudo and enjoys is every time. Price for all the food you get is not bad at all. If you're in the downtown area and really want some good Mexican food, this is the place to go.
2	Considering the high reviews on the Web, this restaurant must be under new management... Every ingredient tastes like it came out of a can, nothing tastes fresh or homemade. Every type of meat was dry and tasteless, while the beans, rice and produce felt like they opened the cans days before. Luckily, meals are inexpensive... The meal wasn't terrible, but easily forgettable. I can't think of a reason to dine here again considering the caliber of restaurants in the area.
4	I actually liked the food here. The beef was flavorful and not dry at all and the chicken was good as well. The waitress gave us some chips and salsa but I was surprised that they didn't bring over any Pico.  Ah well....The horchata was pretty good so I would recommend that too.The decor is pretty interesting. They have these super heavy chairs that are very uncomfortable so be prepared!I would have stayed longer and maybe ordered more food but there was a baby crying his little head off the whole time I was there and I had to get out of there.Next time I'll try some take out since I really enjoyed the food.
3	Disclaimer:  The following review is based on one visit.This joint serves simple and solid fare.  With that said, it's not something I'd go out of my way for.  The enchilada-style carne asada burrito was fresh and authentic, however the beef lacked flavor and was cooked a bit tough.  The horchata is some of the best I've had in Phoenix.  I'll have to go back and try the sit-down experience for a more complete review.
4	Best menudo in town. Great salsa. I've only eaten the menudo because it's so good that I haven't wanted to order anything else.
3	A-ok is exactly right - great place to stop in and have a quick full on meal. It's authentic and the ingredients are fresh. The people are cool - it's a classic hole-in-the-wall kinda place which usually are among the best. Blink and you'll miss it unless the giant skulls on the outside wall facing 7th grab your attention. Tacos de Juarez is a good place. Definitely recommended. :)
2	Gonna have to give this one a "no thanks" I'm afraid.Went today at lunch with a couple of co-workers, and the food was totally underwhelming.Nothing "special" at all about any of the items.  The guacamole seemed to have some sour cream in it to stretch it - tasted very bland.  Red and green salsa served with run-of-the-mill chips did nothing for us.Meat in all the dishes was tender but not very flavorful.  Shrimp Diabla sauce was neither hot nor very tasty.All in all, a disappointing lunch.  Won't be back, and with all the good options in town for excellent Mexican food, I was sad that we did not find a good new place to frequent.
3	I've heard that this place is going to be taken over by a super-huge Circle K, so I figured I'd better try it while it's still there.  The service was super-fast.  Chips were warm, but the salsa was incredibly bland.  It tasted like plain tomato sauce.  I ordered the #2 combination: a hard taco and 2 cheese enchiladas.  The hard taco was a fatty, generously stuffed with tasty shredded beef, lettuce, tomato, and cheese.  The enchiladas were also generously filled, but the sauce, while tasty, was sparse.  The beans and rice were good.  They have fountain Pepsi, which earned them an extra star.  If you're the type who appreciates quantity over quality, you'll be happy with this place.  For me, the best thing about it was the murals outside.  The waitress gave me a hopeful "See you next time" when I checked out, but I doubt it.  Oh, and no bike rack.
4	Share Please!!! Vote ( Tacos De Juares ) For A Chance For Them To Win A $250,000 Grant! Help Them Win A Mission That's Possible! Their a Small Local Business That Has Won Best Phoenix New Times Best Neighborhood Authentic Mexican Food Since 1988https://www.missionsmallbusiness.com/pledge/5183017-tacosdejuarez
5	Been eating here for years and it doesn't disappoint (well, sometimes). I mainly come for the menudo but I also come because of the prices, it's clean and quick service and I know that what I've ordered will be both filling and satisfying. One thing:  the salsas are HOT! I cannot eat them out the jar even after all this time. You've been warned:-)
3	Its alright.
2	After eating mind (and ass) blowing Mexican food at numerous Phoenix area eateries, I was totally DTG (down to gorge) at Tacos De Juarez. Unfortunately, I was rather disappointed by the food, which was relatively bland and uninspired compared to some of what I've eaten even at some nondescript roadside taco joints in Arizona. The breakfast burrito was particularly boring. I think I could have made a better one myself. I really hate to be all negative, but I had very high expectations for Mexican eating in AZ, and a bad meal is a substantial chunk out of a very small handful of meals I was able to have while there. I'm afraid I have to recommend giving this place a miss, unless you're hungry and happen to be in the vicinity, though I can't imagine that description applying to any location in the greater Phoenix area whatsoever.
5	I am 40 years old and have lived in Phoenix my whole life.  I have a passion for discovering new and unique restaurants around the valley.  As a child, I was raised on Jordan's Mexican food every Sunday after church.  I'm an atheist now, but I still frequent Jordan's for their hot sauce, tacos and delicious burritos, chimichangas and cheese crisps.  I went to Tacos De Juarez for the first time a week ago after a D-backs game.  I ate a pizza at the game, but had to try the food at this place because it looked like a diamond in the rough.  After eating there, I have discovered; it is a diamond.  The food is absolutely amazing! The tacos have shells that are prepared in house, and the salsas are amazing.  I have been there one time since, and am planning on going tomorrow.  I cannot wait to try their selection of mariscos.
4	Small place for sure, the food is very traditional mexican food. Great place for Tacos and breakfast burritos. I recommend the Churrizo con Huevos & frijoles.
3	Small place painted with day of the dead figures on the outside.  Inside clean and typical Mexican decor-a sombrero, some Mexican paintings and dark, hand carved furniture.  I had the enchilada and shredded beef taco lunch combo.  Also had guacamole on the side.  It was good but not outstanding, the enchilada was my favorite.  The taco shell was greasy and the shredded beef slightly dry.  The service was very good, my food came out in 5 minutes.  It was filling and a good value for the money.
5	We ate everything. Great food and don't let the skull painting outside scare you. It's supposed to only scare gringos.
4	This is a hidden gem off 7th Street just North of Roosevelt. Ordered to go from them, and I will definitely be back. I had the machaca burrito, and it was superb. It had egg and jalapenos, which made for a most-delicious meal. The reason it didn't receive 5 stars is that my wife had the carne asada burrito, and it was just good. Not outstanding. As well, their red salsa, which we received a big to go cup of, tasted a little like pizza sauce. It wasn't very good to us as at all. The guacamole was also good. Lastly, we ordered rice and beans, but arrived at home to find there were none in the bags. I didn't get a receipt, so I don't know if we paid for them or not, but it was okay, because the chips (delicious) and guacamole with the burritos was plenty of food. The place itself is small, but nice, and I love the murals painted on the outside. As I said, I'll definitely be back, if only just for the machaca burrito. Happy eating!
5	Love this tiny spot! Fits all my Mexican food needs: good salsa, good chips/tortillas, good beans. Truly delicious homestyle Mexican. Add onto that great and quick service plus super cheap prices... Oh and their iced tea with a hint of cinnamon is my favorite kind. El Bravo serves a similar style.These kind of restaurants are why I'm happy to be a Phoenician.
5	We were craving authentic breakfast burritos. This place was perfect. The chorizo  was magnificent. Mmmmm. I'll be coming back.
4	Yummy! I met some friends here for lunch a couple of weeks ago.  Do not be fooled by the exterior appearance.  I would not have visited if my friend hadn't already vouched for the place.  This is a hidden gem in Downtown Phoenix!  I ordered the cheese enchiladas and they were very tasty.  Most places overdo it with the onions but this place did not.  The chips and salsa were very good.  The red salsa was very hot in my opinion so be warned.  The service was a little slow but the restaurant was very busy with a large lunch crowd so maybe that had something to do with it.  The food more than makes up for it.
2	Stopped in here for lunch on our first day in Phoenix.Ice cold Corona's at $4 a pop. Nice.A bowl of fresh and warm nacho chips with two types of salsa was served with the menus. Nice.My other half had the shrimp cocktail. She said she liked it. Nice.I had the shrimp with a butter/lemon sauce that came with a salad, rice and beans, and a flour tortilla. It tasted great, but they lose a star because they did not deshell any of the shrimp. Not nice......
4	This place is a hidden gem in the downtown Phoenix area. From the outside it looks a little sketchy and reminded me of eating on a border town restaurant, but that is what makes this place more appealing. I've tried Tacos De Juarez a few times with friends and family. Each time it delivers on its promise. Good Mexican food at a great price.  They have a good selection of beers and food that reminds you of eating at your tia's house. They usually have two people working the front. However, the orders come out quick once entered. The salas are flavorful and can surprise you. They have a good selection of traditional dishes. Their specialities are tacos and gorditas. They also have lengua and other traditional surprises. Oh yeah... and they have free wifi. So you can have a working lunch if you need it. Give them a try. You won't be disappointed.
5	Love this place. Had the two tacos, rice and beans. I'm so happy right now, haven't had Mexican food like that in a long time. I'll be back probably way too often. Highly recommended.
5	Pros: Authentic, Small, Friendly, Beer.Cons: None.This place does a great job on authentic Mexican food, which is pretty obvious from their menu.  Plenty of meats and veggies to choose from, as well as dishes like Lengua and menudo.  Plus, they have a few bottled beers to choose from.Salsa is awesome, although the red may be too much for some sensitive types - no worries, they have a mild green which is also great.  I typically get a gigantic combo plate to go and eat half for lunch, half for dinner.  Also, a pretty good place for the kind of food that soaks up a hangover...Service is prompt and gracious and they appreciate their customers.  Great place, plenty of parking, and no-nonsense food.
4	Very low key, good food. Husband said it tasted like the food his grandmother used to make. I had the green chili burrito, the green sauce was yummy.
1	The sign on the door says they close at 9 pm. The hours posted on Yelp says they close at 9 pm and we get there at 8:30 and the doors are not locked. We go inside and the the lady mopping the floor tells us they are closed. This was extremely disappointing since we had driven from Glendale to eat there. Unfortunately we will not be returning and we will not recommend this restaurant to anyone ever again. Because they chose to waste my time I will go out of my way to share my experience with anyone willing to listen.
2	The food was pretty good - the salsa was SUUUUUUUUUPER HOT and deelish!!!  The service?  Blegh...made us feel as if we were putting her out by asking for more iced tea, soda, whatevs.  No warmth, friendliness, nothin'!  Girlfriend made me miss out on some flan because we feared we would never see her again or would have to wait 15-20 minutes for her to get it...and you don't make me miss out on flan +serious face+.Would go back again, but will not go at the same time...
4	We live in Old Town and have been on several occasions over the last month. Great happy hour with freshly made guacamole. I guess the management listened to your reviews because the servers have been readily available and happy to help. The cheese enchiladas are delicious and the menu has many taco choices. Wish they had beer on tap, and the house margaritas are special. Ask to sit in the courtyard, it is a sliver between two buildings with a great atmosphere.
