4	I lived off of Gus's pizza in the dorms. The pizza is good & incredibly cheap and the wings are some of the best I've had at pizza joints. An 18" pizza with two toppings and two drinks costs less than $10 and delivery is free and 24 hours. Best of all the delivery boys are always, without fail, completely high and usually ask if they can call you after their shift.  Food & entertainment, every time!
1	I can't be any clearer about this: This was the absolute worst pizza I have ever eaten in my life.I understand the average review before my writing is 4.5 stars, but I simply cannot conceive of this idea. Somehow, after the first rancid slice, I was able to continue through almost two more slices before my disgust overwhelmed my hunger. I don't care if I'm used to great pizza in Chicago, there has GOT to be something in between...
5	Finest New York Pizza in Arizona, next to Venezia's Pizza, of course.  I have never once been disappointed with my order at Gus's, and I have eaten there many times, at all hours of the day and night.  It's great for lunch, dinner or late night.  Staff is very friendly, and the place is never too crowded, so service is pretty quick.  Great value for your money here too!  Having traveled to New York quite often and having lived nearby for most of my life, I feel my credentials make me an authority on NY style pizza.  And I say this place is 99% perfection!  The wings and pizza are both delicious, and their soda's a perfect match.  One or two slices will keep you full for hours too!
1	I am sorry to say that this was literally the worst pizza I have ever eaten.
1	pizza is horrible. depends what you like i guess.  if you like drinking  three cups of grease,  per slice then its great...i hate it. i do not understand why people like this place.
1	Maybe they have better cooks past midnight, but me and my friends (all college guys) tried Gus' for lunch and regretted it. The pork was slimy, we managed half the pizza before considering leaving it in the parking lot. Afterwards we all had a great time in the restroom.Hopefully the midnight shift has less food poisoning, more deliciousness?
1	The pizza here can suck extreme ass or it can be just ok.  There is no rhyme or reason to which you will get; approximately one in four pizzas will be ok.  The crust is always bland and sometimes it is as crispy and tasty as cardboard.  The sauce is sometimes ok, other times virtually flavorless.  Sometimes it is almost inedible, even after a night of drinking.  After I eat this pizza flavored swill, I tell myself never again.  So why do I still order from this dump? Because every other good pizza place is closed at 3 a.m., after a night of drinking.  They deserve only one star for being open all the time.
4	The pizza is good ,but not great, the service is almost always slow and the place is generally a dump, yet for some reason I can't stop going back.  Maybe it's the fact that it's on my way to campus.  Maybe it's because it's the only place i've found near campus where I can get 2 slices and a drink for $5.  Maybe I just get a kick out of the fact that the middle aged balding guy (manager?) is almost always yelling at one of the mexican dudes in the back.  For whatever unknown, illlogical reason I just like this place!
2	Great for late night IF nothing else is open and/or close by.  Never will I pick this place over Filiberto's, but it provides a bit of variety.  They deliver anytime which is helpful if you're not in the mood for booze-induced stunt-driving.  To each his own.  Garlic knots=good.  Pizza=okay. Pepperoni roll=it tasted good last night, why does it hurt so bad?!  Like a pissed-off ex-girlfriend, that pepperoni roll will take its revenge.This place is not Gumby's Pizza, that's for sure.  If anyone even remembers Gumby's.
2	So it seems that since Anthony has left, all that was New York has also flown east.  I am confounded that while staying at a local hotel that promised delivery within 30 minutes due to their relationship with the new owners, somehow the sauce was missing from my pie an hour later.  No utensils were delivered and the salad was a costly mess.  Gus would say " Potay Ksana"...
2	The pizza tastes okay. It's not the greatest pizza on the planet, and their prices are average. It's not much for "New York" style pizza. Their large pizza is HUGE, but their crust is flavorless. Their wings are okay, but not great either. Their delivery times are off. Sometimes they'll tell you 45 minutes and they'll be an hour, or they'll be 10 minutes early. It's weird. Sometimes they just wont answer their phone. Sometimes they wont tell you when they'll be there. Once, they actually forgot part of my order. In terms of customer service, they're less than stellar... for sure.Why do I keep eating there? My boss wouldn't eat anything else! I think if I have another Gus's pizza, i'll yack! I would recommend Pizza Hut over Gus's... any day.
2	Oh, Gus's.  For the past 2 1/2 years I've lived within a couple miles of this place, so it's near inevitable that I eat here occasionally.  And honestly, it was okay the first couple times.  Except I finally had to ask them to please put the onions on my pizza BEFORE cooking it, and they grudgingly obliged.The pizza tastes okay - sometimes.  They will bring you food at 3am when you are too drunk to get it yourself.  And there you have the nicest things I can think of to say about this place.Service is always slow and sometimes bordering on curt.  Even if you go in to the drab establishment, it can sometimes take ten or more minutes to get a single slice.  Their pizza drips grease and will soak through the box.  The wings are mediocre.  I only eat here if it's 2am and my neighbor wants pizza.  Even then I can only handle one slice.
3	Gus's Pizza is a place I revisit every few months for a reason I can't entirely define.Their pizza isn't terrible at all.  I don't think it's gross or anything.  It is bland.  I ordered a few pizzas from Gus's that's sort of like... sort of like biting into pizza-like food with pizza essence.  The flavor was just weak for some reason.  It was like, and I know it's not physically possible, but it tasted like they watered it down somehow.  It's the only way it makes sense.I have been surprised a few times and have had a pizza that was stand-out good.Things to appreciate:  It's cheaper than most places.  Since this place is open 24 hours, you can pop in at all odd hours of the night and get a bite to eat with a few buddies.  Split the bill a few ways and you're really only out a couple bucks each.  Also, it seems like the perfect place to hide after doing a mob hit.The first time I ate there, I was so drunk I didn't even know what the fuck.  It was my 21st birthday.  I was a little, uh... I was out of control.  I've been back quite a few times since then, most of which I have done in a sober state, so hopefully when they see me they don't think, "Oh great, here's drinky..."One night I felt super antisocial.  I didn't want to go out.  I just felt like kickin' it.  I spent the night with my dog and I ordered pizza, then fell asleep watching Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles--the first movie.  That was a particularly good pizza.  When I was like 5 years old, when I REALLY would have enjoyed doing that, I never had a chance because my parents would be like, "Do you know how expensive pizza is?!"  Well, yes I do, and it's totally worth it.  Being an adult kicks ass...
1	Worst customer experience ever from these inconsiderate pricks!
1	I have had the Gus experience two times now. The first time it was a Monday night so I assume they wern't busy. The pizza was CHEAP and tasted pretty good. So here i sit, on a Sunday, we ordered again and it was HORRIBLE. There was no cheese, the pizza was cold, and the guy forgot our soda (we are still waiting for him to come back with it). I think our affair with Gus is over.  I will pay the extra 5 bucks at get Barros.
3	One time I was drunk and ordered one of their ginormous pizzas with jalapenos. I had it delivered to me in the parking lot of a frat house. The delivery dude gave me the amount and I thought it was ridiculous. I think it was $18 or something, which in hindsight isn't that ridiculous but I had been drinking free keg beer all night plus I think I got at least one free roofie so I just thought I would go along with the "Free" theme of the evening. The delivery driver called his boss for me and put me on the phone with him. The boss said I sounded hot so he wouldn't charge me. So I got a free pizza. The pizza was okay.
1	So after getting a flier on my door for this place.... loaded with large print coupons for enormous amounts of food for next to nothing prices, I had to try it.I ordered a 18inch 2 topping pizza and 20 wings for $13.  Sounds great right?  Came out to $15 with tax.  I thought to myself, swell deal, better than any pizza place I've ordered from.When the guy came to the door he said it was $24.  I figured he got my order wrong.  Nope, I was wrong... THERE WAS A $8 DELIVERY FEE!!!!!  What!  I called the place back and told them no one told me this and the flier left on my door step made no mention of this.  The manager told me he meant to call me back to tell me and I should just pay for it.  I told him he was crazy.  I gave the delivery guy a $5 tip and told him I'll never be calling back.The pizza was horrible.  Tasteless!  The wings were disgusting.  I'll never order again.  I think my point is clear.  DO NOT ORDER FOOD FROM HERE!!!! STAY FAR FAR AWAY!!!!
1	The pizza here is horrible. I've ordered it a few times because it's open 24/7 and let me tell you, it's bad. Prices are great, but it doesn't make up for pizza that tastes like left over garbage dump pizza.The delivery guys will NEVER bring the pizza to my door. They make me walk out of my complex which is quite large. I order delivery for to the door delivery, not walk, balance two pizzas and a 2 liter while trying to type my door code in... no thanks.I also had an issue, which will be my last time dealing with these idiots. I ordered a pizza, it was never delivered, and upper management is refusing to refund my credit card of the charge. They have been giving me the run around on the issue for over two weeks, and now they are flat out ignoring me, and refusing to refund me.
5	Yes!! I love this pizza. After getting burned out on Papa Johns and Pizza Hut I decided to give Gus's a try...I am from the East Coast (Delaware/Maryland) and miss the food terribly..This pizza is delicious! (yes greasy...but real pizza is greasy!!) Its also great value and I will order again and again every time I get a craving!! :D
1	Evidently this place is open 24 hours a day. That's great. My roommate can throw up in the toilet 24 hours a day. I'm not sure I can tell the difference. Basically take the worst of Sbarro's and combine that with the worst of Domino's. Call it "New York Pizza" and you've got Gus'.Stopped in after visiting friends in Phoenix, with whom I went to Tempe(?). But it's kind of fun to go and say the next day, "why the hell did we go there last night?"
1	Gus's never ever surprises me anymore. Walked in the other day for carry out and they charged me $ .50 for my credit card transaction. WOW !!!! They have all these crazy little charges for everything you can think of. 1. Credit card fee ( delivery and carry out ), maybe even dine in? Don't know never eaten in. 2. After midnight delivery fee When it's late go to Ihop.
2	Sorry guys but this is NOT the best pizza in town.  I used to eat there when i needed something to eat after bars.....I have to admit that this Pizza place is not even good when you are drunk.  Couple of times i had to throw up and i wasn't sure if it was the wings, the pizza or too mach alcohol.  Good luck and hope somebody else takes over that place so they can fix their pizza.  Something good about it....its stays open 24/7 and they deliver all over the valley with a delivery charge, not sure how much thou.
1	A couple weeks ago, My friends and I arrived in Phoenix, starving, at about 1am with a 12 hour layover. We shuttled to a motel and discovered our only options were Jack in the Box drive-thru (no car) and Gus's. I'm not going to credit this place with an elaborate review. I didn't know pizza could taste this bad. I mean how do u mess up a pizza. I am not a food critic and I am not picky by any means. My friend could only stomach two slices and he can EAT! The pizza was flavorless, tasted like water just like one other reviewer mentioned and upon swallowing, the cardboard box seemed the more edible of the two. I'm not even kidding. I must also mention the price. I know beggars can't be choosers. I don't mind paying out the ear for a edible meal when it's a last resort. We paid $50. and change including $5 tip for the "two gnarly pizzas and disgusting chicken wings special".   Included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee.
1	I used to work at a place where we would sometimes get free pizza from them and every single time, the pizza was disgusting, and every time, I had heartburn and felt ill after eating.People, the pizza here is just plain bad.  You've been warned.
1	Hidden charges, flavorless sauce, crust wasn't cooked long enough, and they delivered the wrong toppings.
1	i ate at the gus's pizza in old town scottsdale, and based on a few reviews i skimmed here, im sure they are related.. a 24-hr pizza lounge are you kidding me? am i in heaven?? NO. well, this place is next to uhhh myst? whatever that place is with the flames. would love it if those flames catch this shithole on FIRE (used to be sultry dogs). never before seen this building busy or close to having more than a few customers at a time at any given time with any given name...not surprised it SUCKED.easily the worst pizza place i have eaten in town. granted i was a bit tipsy and its near 2am.. but, i ordered what looked like a sausage/pepperoni slice and some garlic knots, at $2.99, cause the breadstix usually tells me how a place fairs on food. the bill was $8 even. turns out i got the meat lovers slice for $5.01(?). could barely tell. it took them at least 5 minutes to heat up the slice.the knots came out a solid 15 minutes after i ordered. jeez okay. wonder how long their so-called 32" giant pizza takes to cook. this is supposed to be a 24-hr after-hour club party refuge?? jokes. anyway the knots did look impressive for only 3 bucks. 5 fat knots. to be honest they were cooked near perfect flaky on the outside, extra doughy on the inside. and the texture was amazing oh yeah!.. WAIT. eating them however was quite the opposite. completely and utterly tasteless. neither/nor with their garlic brush, garlic dip, or extra garlic salt. everything was so bland. the bread taste just terrible. even the marinara dipping was terrible and blannnd as well. i thought i had cancer or was having a stroke for a minute. i tried to concentrate on making it taste good, taste at all. not happening. now back to the slice. not impressed at all. to be fair, it did have a minimal 'taste'. for 5 bucks i should be able to see and taste the other 3 toppings i didnt see in the first place though. weak as eff. now the menu looks impressive with salad sandwiches calzones etc. the 'we serve beer & wine' graphic jumped out first thing. great advertising! "ill have a..." except the part where THEY DO NOT SERVE BEER OR WINE YET. ok. idiots. oh there was a girl that stopped in to order some cheese fries. i was like 'ohh good choice....' no deal. they dont have those either, or, they choose not to serve them at that time. the dude answered like it wasnt blatantly on the menu in front of us, and very unfriendly to begin with. again. idiots.im giving this a 0.34 star just for being another ridiculous place for pizza when *pizza pie, joe's, and best of italy* are all within view, literally. literally! and those are all better even on their worst days. this only gets that much of a score since i didnt actually try all of their food. dont expect to either.update: are you kidding me their website doesnt even seem to exist....JERKS!update: really, so bad i might start picketing outside there tomorrow  "soft dough, but please go! more pizza? hell no!"update: i made them their own old town page to bash. jeff out!::drops mic::
2	An hour ago, I ordered online for pick-up.  I had used their: Special #3  X-Large Unlimited Toppings.  Being the extremely famished person I am, I ordered some garlic knots and  my pizza with:  Black olives, buffalo chicken, feta cheese, meatballs, mushrooms, pepperoni, ricotta cheese, salami, sausage, and spinach.Upon entering the establishment, all I felt was warm sizzling air that Arizona is known for.  It would have been nice for customers and workers to have some AC going.  Anyways, I picked up my pizza and went home to devour it. My review:  - The garlic knots, although extremely delicious on the outside, had no flavor whatsoever on the inside.  The garlic sauce they offer with it was extremely helpful as I had to drench the bread in the middle with it.   I must say though that I'm amazed at how flaky it is on the inside and warm and gooey on the inside.  Big brownie points!- The pizza itself was very interesting.  It seemed like they tossed all my toppings into the center so while working my way to the crust, I had a mouth-watering explosion of flavor!  Yum!  But like the garlic knots, the dough itself offered very little flavor.Overall, it wasn't bad for the price.  It wasn't bad but it wasn't good.  It really seems like Gus is a water-downed cheaper alternative to NYPD Pizza!Oh, and as a note, they charge 50cents if you use a credit card and a 49cents "service fee."  I picked-up the pizza.  What service did I get?  XD
4	i think there are some pizza snobs reviewing this place or something, gus's is BOMB!they used to have a deal here, the dorm room special (woa, not THAT special...) it was an amazing deal that enabled me to survive college.  the dorm room special was an 18" one topping with two 32oz drinks for about $10.  WHAAAAAAT? how can you pass that up?  and in my honest opinion, i thought it tasted really good.it's greasy, so if you're a pansy just pass-on.   pass, pansy... pass...the inside can be pretty dirty too, but it's not like you'd come in here suit and tie now!  again some honesty here... i have seen a rat running around inside... i calmly told the workers, and they were a little less calm about it than i was haha.  never stopped me from coming back again and again though.  guess i felt the rat added the true NY character to the joint.late night crowd can be a little interesting... a mix of really drunk kids and some ghetto characters just hanging out.  maybe an occasional hooker too... trying to lure the drunks.
1	For the past year or so I have been getting flyers for Gus's Pizza plastered on my door like bad graffiti, and while the specials looked good, I never had a need to order pizza often, usually one of my friends would order from Domino's. This past week however, my friend and I were hungry due to staying up for the second all nighter in a row, and decided we wanted pizza. Around 2am we called Gus's and ordered a white pizza with pepperoni, the cost on the menu stated it was about $16. After their fees for eating after midnight, paying with a credit card, delivery fee and tax they told me the total was 21 dollars and some change. It stung a little, but still was okay, after all, no where else was open. They told me it would be about 30 minutes, but I asked them to wait and bring it around 3, when we would have enough time for a break. 3:30 rolls around and after two phone calls to see what's up, the driver finally gets to our place, telling me that he couldn't get ahold of my cell even though Gus's called me about 5 minutes prior. The total bill when I got my pizza was $27.63! That is sure a lot different than 21 bucks! Angry, I called the manager and he stated that in addition to charging me 2 dollars for delivery, because I lived a block outside their delivery range, they tacked on another 5 dollars. He then proceeded to list off several fees that I couldn't keep track of, and would only give me 30% off my next order for the "forgetfulness" that his employees had for not telling me the true price. 30% off.. pfft, as if I would want to be bent over and reamed by their gouging again. The pizza was cold, bland and the cheese had hardened into almost another crust, which was at least better tasting than the actual crust of the pizza. Now that I found other places that deliver late like Eddies Pizza Lounge, I will never look at this slum again.
1	Friggin idiots.So its 2:30. We ordered a pizza at 12:15 and they swear they already delivered it. We payed with a card, which means they delivered a pizza to an old man (that's what they told us) and the card holder's name is Laura.They don't show up, AND they charge your card without ID or proper signature? Fuck these herbs. Go ANYWHERE else.
3	My, my, my.... I can't believe so many people had crappy experiences with Gus's. It's a shame really. It's really big pizza, that's cheap and next to a college campus. I'm surprised I didn't see this place gleaming with 5-star reviews. A crappy experience is a crappy experience I guess though. Enough about that...Gus's is one of the best places to grab pizza after drinking it up on Mill Ave. Since it takes a little bit more energy to get to than Slices does, the crowd is usually a bit smaller (though not any less drunk). The pizza is just pizza, it's not gourmet, it's not organic and it's definitely not meant to blow people's socks off. It's gigantic, it's cheap and, when loaded up with garlic powder, it hits the spot after making poor decisions at the bar. The wings at Gus's are also good and are best with extra wing sauce.I've never really ordered from them so I can't say anything about those incidents, but Gus's is okay in my book...even if there is a nasty grammatical error in their name.
2	Love it or hate it, anyone who enjoys long nights in Tempe will eventually end up here from time to time.I can only describe my feelings for this product with an analogy. I don't like cheap beers like Keystone or Natty Ice, but sometimes the situation calls for it and, well,  it gets me drunk. If you asked me how much I liked it, I'd reply "not at all", but if you put one in my face at the right time, you bet I'm gonna chug it.After a night of that, my friends and I would probably take a bunch of wadded up ones and spend them here. Obviously, they provide a necessary service--late night, cheap pizza for the drunk and stoned urban youths of Arizona State. For that, I'll be nice about the varying levels of disappointment I've been served here and hope they at least improve the crust.Seriously, I've had crackers with more flavor.
5	I honestly can't get enough. I went there one time only because I saw their lunch special (pizza and a 16 oz  drink for $1.99) I figured it was a good deal and I was starving. The people there were nice and I got my slice in 2 minutes (so far so good.) I finally sit down to eat, and my-oh-my, I fell in LOVE!The next day, I'd been thinking about it and went again. I was scared that it had only tasted real good only because I'd been starving the day before. Nope! It was just as DELICIOUS!!! I honestly go there at least 3 times a week. They are now like my own personal lil chefs. When I leave that place I always say "Thanks, see you tomorrow," and I mean it.
4	I must say, my first visit to Gus's wasn't so good.. I'm hearing that was because the owner wasn't in town..He's back so I decided to give it another try, all SMILES. It was delicious!!
1	Due to my downtown Tempe location I've been getting flyers from Gus's taped onto my door for years.  A couple nights ago, I had a wicked hunger smack me in the face around 1am, so I decided to give Gus's pizza a shot.Gus's flyers all scream about online ordering, so I wandered to their site and thought I'd give that a try.  I noticed right away that next to their $1.50 delivery charge was a 49 cent "service fee."  Being a poor college student, I decided to skip the fees and just call in for takeaway.  I call, speak to some almost-unintelligible knucklehead, and order my 18" pepperoni, sausage, and garlic using one of the many coupons that have collected on my desk.  Knucklehead says twenty minutes and I thank him, chuckle at amusing youtube videos for ten minutes, and then make the five minute drive to guarantee that my pizza will be fresh from the oven.I hit up Delhi Palace a couple times a month so I know the location, but I had never been inside Gus's before.  I was immediately unimpressed.  Behind the counter was some mid-forties guido complete with slicked back hair and gold chain around his neck, and a couple of other guys who appeared to be trying as hard as they could to avoid working.I tell them I'm here, and guido turns to chump number one, whose job it apparently was to make my pizza. It turns out he hadn't done so yet, so he tossed it together, threw it in the oven, and told me it'll be ready as soon as it's ready.  I pay (using cash to avoid yet another fee), sit down, and listen to the banter between the knuckleheads behind the counter and the disturbing douchebag at the table behind me, who apparently likes women much shorter than him that he can dominate.  Mothers, watch your daughters.  No, not the ones at ASU, the ones in junior high.  My pizza was finally done after about 15 minutes of angry birds, so I took it home and popped open the box.  The toppings all appeared to be right, but the smell was off.  Who knows, maybe they use the magical ingredient that makes their pizza as good as all of the one-review five-star sockpuppets who have reviewed Gus's say it is, but no.  Instead, I'm eating bland crust, oversweet sauce, and some form of dried chunks of garlic rather than the fresh garlic I was expecting between my meh pepperoni and tombstone-quality sausage.It's important to try many things in life, but now that I've tried Gus's pizza I can safely say I'll never be back.  I don't care how drunk or hungry I may be, and how late it has gotten, Gus's is off the list.
1	Gus' was created by a person I assume was like, "hey man, college kids get drunk, can't drive, and want pizza delivered at all hours of the night."Thus, there is this crap hole pizza place that is run by the mentally challenged.  At my high school it was the special ed kids that always served our lunches in the cafeteria, then all those kids moved to Tempe and got a job here.  The biggest problem with this place is that the staff is totally careless and incompetent and I imagine on some or all drugs during work. Actually, that's a lie, the biggest problem is the pizza is gross.  It tastes like when you make a frozen Tombstone pizza at night, take it out, then you don't want it anymore so you leave it on the counter instead of wrapping it up cause you want to get back to watching Hoarders on A&E.  Then you wake up the next morning and you're like, "oh, cool, left over frozen Tombstone pizza that's been sitting out all night."  So you put it in the microwave to nuke all the bacteria and get it out of the temperature danger zone.Then you eat it and you're like, "wow this tastes JUST like Gus' Pizza only slightly better."
4	As a new Arizona transplant from Manhattan, my wife and I have only been in this area for 8 weeks, I think I know a thing or two about pizza.While not quite Manhattan quality, Gus's is certainly close.We placed our order online and it was delivered within minutes of when it said it would be.While the pizza was a tad on the cool side, the pie had the look and feel of real NYC pizza.If I have one complaint it's that the crust was a bit bland. For $8.99 for a large, with 4 toppings, you can't ask for much more though.Gus's may be a different story at 3:00am on a Saturday when 10,000 ASU kids are ordering pizza, but I highly recommend it for a quick and easy weeknight dinner!
5	Just went in there at 230 AM, and asked Gus what his favorite sandwidch was. He says the philly, so I ordered it. Best philly I've ever had, and I've been to Philly! Thanks Gus!!
1	I really should give this place a zero.  Im going to give it one star only due to the fact that if you walk out of the bar and you're hungry this place is available.  Other than that I have tried this pizza sober and it is disgusting.  Never go here, it's bad.
1	This place is disgustingly gross. Its so gross, its almost disrespectful, do they seriously expect people to eat this? Well, I guess they do expect dumb people to eat this, and the only people who are dumb enough to eat this I guess are the loads of ASU students in the area. Oh wait, it makes sense now, they are still in business because drunk ASU kids eat food from one of the few places that is open 24/7.Do not get chicken as a pizza topping, its breaded chicken. Pizza dough was gross, soggy, not done well. The sauce was super watery and tasted bad as well. We ordered garlic knots, and well, the same thing here. In fact, the garlic knots had no garlic, there was just some garlic sauce on the side and some marinara (tasted like crap). I think I had the worst pizza I've ever had in my life. I think frozen pizza tastes 10x better.Gus's is disGUSting. I think if you wanted to make pizza at home you'd do a much better job even if you can't make microwave popcorn.
4	Gus's does make decent food. The salads are always on point! the subs are lovely. And YES it's the best you can get at a late hour. What else is *there, Jack in the Box?  Ok. I like JITB *sometimes*, but  Gus's kicks their salad's a$$es!Don't hate. It may very well be a "neighborhood hole in the wall," but sometimes that's *ok* too:) Tempe + ASU area + late night food = Gus's.
2	NOT GOOD PIZZA. I can't hate them for making it cheap (that's why I went there), but it's probably the most bland excuse for pizza I've ever had...the first time I've ever been unenthusiastic about finishing leftover pizza.Service was fine, and it was quick - it's just not very good food. If your only care is filling your stomach on $5, then this place is for you. If you are actually looking for something that tastes good, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE. There are plenty of other pizza joints around that are a million times better.
2	Not so great, but 24-7, so can't complain about having an option in the middle of the night, or morning.
2	Do you have a very late night craving for a slice of cheap and greasy pizza? Gus is here for you. Want some pizza for lunch? Go somewhere else. Want to have some dine in pizza? Go somewhere else... ANYWHERE else. I have had bad experiences with these guys being VERY inappropriate with my better half while we ate there. But hey, if I'm dying for some saturated fat at 3am, I'm still gonna look up ole Gus. 2 stars for being there when no one else is.
1	This was disgusting pizza, the sauce is horrible and skimpy as it gets on the subpar quality of toppings. I will never go back, not to mention the 2 hour delivery time at off peak hours, the rude driver didnt even have the pizza in a heat bag or offer an apology. I had to reheat it immediately just to take a dissapointing bite, stick with mello mushroom pizza or someone else dont waste your money, a digiorno is 10x betterBottom line, Gus's uses the cheapest quality ingredients available, the crust is very very bland, the sauce tastes like its Frye's brand out of a can, the mushrooms are shrivled up.  I mean I am seriously racking my brain to come up with one positive thing about my experience and I can't.  Do not, and I repeat DO NOT listen to any reviews on here saying it is good, its probably just the owners and workers, nobody and I mean nobody regardless of how drunk you are, can possily find this pizza worth a damn.
1	While the quality of the pizza is equal to companies like Slices and Angie and Jimmy's, the toppings are woefully sparse and the pizza is usually tepid, considering the hour+ long delivery time. The decision to never order from Gus' again came today when, after ordering two 18 inch pizzas, we were delivered one 18 inch and one that wasn't even 15 inch. When I called in their obvious mistake, they replied "Oh, well we eyeball the pizza and just put them in the box that works". Really? So shorting customers the equivalent of an entire medium pizza is standard practice? Their solution was to offer an order of bread sticks on our next purchase, because we are "valued customers". I guess they should have valued us enough to not steal from us in the first place, because there won't be another purchase.
1	Ordered a large garlic, fresh basil, and fresh sliced tomato pizza asked for it crispy. A Cesar salad, and an order of hot wings last night.After all of the fees added up it was around $40, after waiting for an hour we called to find out where the food was, and the employee barked at us that the driver was on his way. The driver finally showed up after 2 hours with a cold pizza, cold wings, and warm salad. The extra ranch and hot sauce we were charged for wasn't there,The pizza was soggy had no garlic or basil, the box was soaked in grease and the wings were dry and burnt to a crisp. The driver almost dropped our entire order as walking up to the door, he also had an attitude and didn't keep the food in a delivery hot bag.If your looking for cheap food when your drunk, get a cab and go somewhere else or even get a frozen pizza, that at least won't give you food poisoning the next day.
3	Oh Gus'.  You are the stable of many a ASU student's diet.  And for that, I thank you.Gus has a good selection of Pizza, Subs, and Wings.  They are very reasonably priced, and they have some fantastic lunch specials.If you are in the mood for Pizza, then their best deal, by far, is their Lunch Pizza Special.  This can only be ordered in person, or over the phone, so do not try to do this on their online ordering.Gus' serves a 1 topping Large Pizza for $4.99.  That's right.  A pizza that is actually made to order, not sitting in a hot plate over at Little Ceasers.  A full-blown pizza for just $4.99.  And this baby can feed plenty!  I have only once been able to split it among three people...  And we were all starving at the beginning.  I would also recommend their Garlic Knots... These breadsticks-gone-twisted are covered in luscious garlic spread and parmesan cheese.  A must-have for those who love all things bread related.The one downside is that it is fast food.  Shocking, right?!  This place does not have the highest quality food... But that is what you get when you aren't paying tons of money.If you are looking for some decent pizza that will not empty your wallet, give Gus' a call.
4	Just had my first experience at Gus's. We ordered an 18" half pineapple, half pepperoni pizza, 20 mild wings and a free 2-liter soda (with coupon). All of that for about $20 -- pretty good price!The pizza was alright, the wings were very good. Not sure why, but even the 2-liter cherry Pepsi from Gus's tasted better than soda from the grocery store. The restaurant overall looked like a decent little place to dine. However, it may not be the best for quiet dining because of the loud music and TV going on.
3	I guess the restaurant was ok. we are vegetarians so we picked this spot. eh not bad. we ate in the diner, and it was quiet, and nice. however I think it's overpriced for what we had. and they charged me $.50 for a card swipe. way to go to raise my bill.
1	$9 pie with fees and tax was $13. Took an hour to get delivered. And it tasted like garbage. Highly encourage anyone to avoid this stinkhole. Even the delivery guy was a dick.
1	This place is a joke. I placed a togo order on a Sunday so when they told me it would be an hour I figured ok lots of football business. The kid who dropped off my order first told me the price. I paid him then hands me my pizza and soda. He started walking away. I had to announce that I didnt get my wings. His response was "Oh, Did you want them?" Ummm yeah dude why would I order them. I asked for the money back and how much they where and subtracted it for him. I called GUS to inform them, a manager was put on the phone. She had the vocab of a high schooler. Her response was "Well Its not like he was trying to be rude or anything, he would have come back to get them and bring them back to you." Then she says they dont do refunds. All I have to say is Really lady.Anyways. There service sucks.I opened my pizza and its cold. Dont you think if its an hr wait maybe you should cook the pizza closer to the pick up time.Never again! I would rather have frozen pizza!
1	Probably the worst pizza I have ever had.  Took forever to be delivered. Since I was at home, I was able to at least put some garlic & onion powder, pepper flakes, oregano and dip in into some marinara sauce I had in the fridge. Which made it tolerable. DO WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	When a pregnant friend wants pizza, then you had better get her pizza or else! So me and my friend Jill C. was on our way to Kiwanis park for our annual picnic and I let her decide what we were eating. Pizza!!! So off we went to her favorite pizza place. Now let me just say how greedy I am combined with a pregnant lady = two and half greedy people! We asked what the specials were and she said, well we have a 18" two topping and 20 wings for $18. What? Sold!!! See greedy. Oh wait, we need an extra topping and extra, extra hot sauce and ranch sauce. See what I mean.So we get our order and head over to Kiwanis park. I am not sure if I was just hungry or what but we managed to almost finish out the entire pizza and wings in about  1 hour. It was so good. The pizza was a little extra done to get the crust nice and crispy and the wings were good and hot.  If I am ever in the area, craving pizza I may just have to make a stop and grab a slice or three!
3	I've been going to Gus' for years.  When I introduced J to it a few years back, it soon became one of the only pizzas allowed into the C household.  LOL  We usually order sausage with onion, extra done crust.  While I love to dip my pizza and J's pizza bones (his crust) in ranch and wing sauce, I'd skip ordering sides of the sauces from here as its .50 per cup.  And the last time, the cups were only half full.  Now that's some Bullsh*t!!!  If I'm paying .50 for each cup, you'd damn well better fill the cups all the way!  Also, avoid paying with a credit card, cause there's a .50 charge for that too.  Oh, and the last visit, it was discovered that the sizes of pizzas are smaller.  A large now being 14".  They said it was due to the rough times.  But come on, they were already nickel and diming you for a charge for this and a charge for that.   We seriously love the pizza here, but avoid ordering dipping sauces, paying with a credit card, and drive the 15 minutes to pick it up to avoid the $6 delivery charge.
1	Dear owner of Gus's,Please go out of business and open a Starbucks in your location.Thanks,Mike
1	First time trying this place, never again will I give then my business. Delivery took over an hour, by the time the food got here it was cold. The delivery guy some how had no change for money so I had to pay him way more than he deserved in a tip. The calzone had no flavor, they forgot the marinara sauce and it was disgustingly greasy. The wings are small and not worth the money. The buffalo chicken sandwich was the only thing that had flavor, which was extremely hot. Basically the place sucks and is a waste of money and time waiting for it. I wish I would have read these reviews before ordering!
4	If your intoxicated lol or super hungry and its really late and everything is closed.... This place is open 24 hours for  and they deliver also which is convienent for you... And also they have the best GARLIC KNOTS EVER!!! Lol and the best toppings on a pizza.... Try my special... Ricotta cheese,mushrooms,bbq chicken,red onions,meatballs..... It's bombskis!!!  If your on a diet...don't try it... Lol.
2	not the best pizza in the world, but not the torture chamber many our describing on Yelp.. lol. The pizza is very greasy and it feels almost undercooked most of the time, I am usually faded beyond belief whenever I eat at Gus's otherwise I would make a more logical decision never to come here. So if your just that wasted and need to consume some food before AM, come here and full up. Its convenient AF so I can't complain, but its pretty Shitty pizza smh.
3	I ordered a 16" white pizza, a dozen boneless hot wings, and a chicken parm sub.  Being impatient, I scarfed half wings down and a slice of pizza before I left the parking lot.  Hot is a notch above sedatively mild (if you're a hot wing connoisseur).  Oh, as a side note, make sure you look well to the right side when pulling out by the Geno's side, almost hit a pedestrian jogging while as I was distracted while  greedily scarfing down yet another slice! :)The pizza was just okay.  Nothing great, but definitely not bad.  When I got home, I ate half the sub, and it was just.... okay.  So, all in all, the pizza is just..okay.   The wings...are just okay.  And the chick parm is just.. okay.  They don't make anything bad, but they don't make anything horrible.  Again, like others I've yelped about, if you are a college student, or any other drunken schmoe, it will definitely suit your needs in that late hour of Americanized Debauchery, Gluttony, and Little Remorse for your bad dietary decisions.Last but not least, make sure you wear more than just shorts when you pick up the goods, they apparently have a health code.  Imagine that.
1	Good if you like a metal fastener in your pizza without a legitimate apology.  We ordered a large pizza and in one of the bites came across the small metal ring.  We called, got a lame apology along with a statement that it didn't come from their restaurant.  We were told to email a picture, which we did.  They apparently don't have Internet and the manager told us he would look at photo at home and call the next day.  That was almost a week ago, guess they aren't into making things right by the customer.
5	was in AZ for the holiday week and after going out in Scottsdale, went to Tempe in search of this 24 hour pizza place. I'm from Chicago, where pizza was born, and never heard of 24 hour joint like that.  well its good, its affordable, its a clean place, and very importantly they know what they're doing, cause if not, where I'm from, they'll take you out back and beat you up silly.  the pizza i asked them to make, cause its not on the menu, is how i always order it back home, thin crust w/ ground beef, green peppers, mushrooms, and yellow hot peppers!  that's my pizza, you can order it  too.  So they made it perfect!!!! salute to Gus's, or should i say, AL, who's the owner!!!!!!
2	This place is hit or miss and the late night drunks are not enjoyable either. I have rolled up and seen many cops outside and I am curious as to what is going on for them to be outside a pizza place but it seems they have trouble there from time to time. I think the pizza is so-so, sometimes its pretty good and other times its garbage. I recommend Jamies Pizza and Pita down the street, better service, pizza and its quieter. The only good thing is the Gus's stays open all the time.
5	I don't understand all the one star reviews for this place. I mean, it's a 24 hour pizza delivery joint in the heart of ASU campus. It's a tasty traditional NY pie. It's perfect hangover food. They sell giant 32in pizzas and they deliver quite far. This is a family owned place, and they recently remodeled and changed up their menu. Gus's has always been fast, reliable, and convenient. From the looks of things, they are always looking to improve as well. They aren't pretending to be fancy gourmet artisan pizza. At the same time, they aren't some huge chain. The owners are cool, and I prefer to buy local.It can get a little crazy here after the bars close, but that shouldn't stop you from ordering delivery. There's a reason this place is swarming late nights and it isn't just because it's the only place open (because it isn't). When you've been out drinking, this stuff hits the spot like nothing else. They have online ordering and great specials. If I were still in college, this would definitely be one of my main go-to places. It's probably more of a 4 instead of a 5, but I'm going with 5 for two reasons - it's a perfect example of this type of pizza joint, and it definitely deserves higher than a 2 star rating.
1	Gus' was a staple of my diet for 20 years. It has been my go to since I was 16 years old. I even worked in the place delivering pies for a few years. I have many fond memories of the place from watching fights after last call to standing in the alleyway behind the place and watching a live girl on girl scene. I LOVE Gus' pizza. How could I not?There have been many Gusses in the place's history and when it last sold (maybe 2 years ago?) I stopped in and told the new owner not to fuck it up. A previous reviewer said the owner talked about hard times? Hardly. Fortunately for ownership, and unfortunately for us, with a majority clientele that changes each semester and 24 hour operation this place makes a killing no matter whether the loyal locals continue to patronize it or not. Owners of this restaurant sell it for one reason: it has made them a millionaire and they are retiring. Ask Mo if you can find whichever strip club he's presently residing in.On my last visit about 2 weeks ago I was crushed to discover that the Gus-du-jour has indeed fucked everything up. The crust is different and is not stretched as thinly, the sausage is different, the ovens seem to have been turned down and no longer create the same golden crispiness on the crust as before nor curl and crisp the edges of pepperonis.Thanks for ruining something that was great you ass head. Bring back Nico and sell the place. I beg you.
1	I don't understand how a place like this can flourish. It kind of shows that those who play by the rules don't get ahead. Awful, flavorless pizza made by sketchy jerkoffs and delivered by weirdo sketch balls who show up whenever they damn well please. Avoid at all costs unless you want diarrhea soup for dessert.
1	The pizza wasn't that great at all and neither was the weird garlic bread. Wouldn't recommend at all.
4	i really enjoy this pizza, not only becuase it's 24hrs and extremely reasonably priced, but it's just really good.
1	Well that's the last time we order from Gus'. In the 5 years we've been getting delivery from and using a credit card...never have we had to give an imprint of the credit card used. And when the kid asked for the card to make the impression...I refused. He said we couldn't get our food if I didn't. Mind you this is AFTER I sign the card payment slip!! I call Gus' to verify and some how getting that imprint is secure and how they verify the card.  BS!!!  The drivers can read...at least I hope...and can read the last 4#s of the card and verify it on the credit card receipt! The gal said no to this request. So I asked for the card to be refunded. I'll keep an eye out in 7 or so days for that to be refunded. They nickel and dime you for everything and then if you're paying with a card and getting delivery...they subject you to credit card number theft. Thanks but NO thanks Gus'. I've saved $20+, avoided potential credit card fraud, and am now yelping from my phone while I wait to order our Chipotle chicken burritos.UPDATE - 11/26/12So I received a refund to my card - For $5....not the $21 that had been charged to my card.  I called and spoke with a gal on 11/21/12  and she took my number to give to her boss.  I'm still waiting for that phone call from "the boss."
4	Turkey dinner fiasco led me to cruise downtown Tempe at 8pm looking for food. Most of Mill was closed, so down University I went and found two places open next to eachother. One was Mediterrean, but after I ordered, I saw Gus in the back, kind of hidden away. I went with a simple order of garlic Cheese Bread and it was freakin huge and came with marinara and garlic sauce all for 5 bucks. This is one of the better appetizer bread deals around (see pic) and is great for sharing or in my case not sharing and having massive leftovers. Place was fairly busy on Thanksgiving night, but the bread was ready in 15 minutes as they said and although it wasn't turkey, it still will hit the spot on any day.
2	First - and last - time I will order from this place.  Place the order at 9, got it at 10. Unacceptable.  Delivery driver came without red peppers or Parmesan cheese.  Totally unacceptable.  Pizza is okay, not great but not bad either.  Gave it a 2 rating cause' it's open 24 hours a day, most pizza places are not open at all hours of the night.  Anyway, I delivered pizzas for a couple of years a long time ago.  I was working at Godfather's Pizza in Ahwatukee - at the time it was the ONLY pizza joint in that area and the only one anyone could order delivery.  I ALWAYS carried a bag full of red pepper and Parmesan cheese packets with me.  The delivery guy told me that "you have to order that extra". Whatever.  Other chains do that as well IMO it's a complete joke of a chain/pizza company that apparently thinks that a person should have to order red peppers.  Definitely not anything even close to the taste of Serrano's pizza, Papa John's is also much better and even Barrio's beats them out on taste.  I guess if you're drunk/hungover or high on pot and it's 2 am, a great place to call and have delivery, otherwise, there is definitely better out there.   As the for the Yelper that found metal in their pizza, people sue companies that refuse to respond and often-times win large amounts of money in such cases.
1	*Checks bank account*Still waiting on that credit to my account.  And still waiting for a phone call from "the boss"  and its been well over a month since the credit card transaction took place.  TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE and mediocre pizza.  Save your money people.  Order from anywhere but here!!!!
1	What the hell? This place doesn't even deserve 1 star, but I guess I can't submit without it. I remember when you could get 2 chicken Parmesan subs for 10 bucks! Now it's $8 a piece, plus $1 extra for ranch that's advertised as an option for the sandwich, a $1.50 credit card fee, then another $3 for delivery?! What the **** Gus? tell your staff to SLOW THE HECK DOWN when answering a call. I thought I called a Chinese place when the girl answered, and after  eating this "food" I sure as hell wish I had. Never again! The health department needs to check you guys again...
1	Man, I knew this was gonna be bad the second time around, but not this bad! Ordered pizza after my graveyard shift, around 5:15 am, and the guy on the phone says 45 minutes to an hour. How the hell can a pizza that long at 5 in the morning? I hate to see what their delivery times are when it's last call. The guy taking my order rings up my total, which is a 14.99 special, with a 3 buck delivery fee and tax. I hate, hate, HATE calling places like Gus's, because their employees will nickel and dime you on everything. In this case the employee added an extra buck to my total, and surprise surprise there was no receipt when I received my order! That's not the worst part though. The pizza and garlic knots came after an hour and 10 minutes, and they were cold. COLD! What the hell kind of pizza joint doesn't spend money on pizza bag to keep your order warm? Also, the garlic knots were RAW in the middle. Not just some, all of them. My gf hardly ate anything, and I ate what I could but payed the next day with a bad stomach ache. People, why do you torment yourself? Sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery!
2	Visited this place with my boyfriend and his friend in tow. I was all ready to go to Hungry Howie's, but nooo, we had to go to Gus's New York Pizza.I would skip this place. Try a different restaurant instead. I am a food maniac and this is one of the first times I've actually left some of my pizza on the plate because it was just unworthy in so many ways.
1	Absolutely the worst pizza i've ever had. With all the local cheap late night options for delivery i have no idea how this place stays in business. It takes a lot or me to really dislike a place, but Gus's, your pizza makes me want to cry.
4	After Devil's Pizza Factory didn't answer the phone at 4am (even though they advertise delivery until 5am) I called Gus's from an ad they left on my door.These guys deliver 24 hours.. Incredible! And, the pizza is not bad at all. Pretty good, actually. I will update tomorrow afternoon to let ya know how it reheats.The poor delivery guy had a tough time finding the place (apparently 3 complexes share the same street address.. who knew). But he called, and I talked him in. And he still got here in less than an hour.Good pizza (maybe a bit better better than Big Jimmy's?), delivered after 5am (WTF? Yay).. Good crust, too! What's not to like? I will order from them again just to make sure they're really this good.I'm a happy dude, and a new fan.Note: It's not really "New York" style pizza (Better than Sbarros, and more suited to non-New Yorkers), but I dig the thicker crust anyway.
5	open 24 hours the owner is down to earthgreat pizza great food love the originality of the joint.its simple , great pizza, wings and garlic knots give the oldest pizzeria in tempe give them a try!!
1	It's cool how they are 24 hours! The food is terrible and I wouldn't even feed it to my dog!! ThNext time I'll settle for pizza hut
3	Its probably as authentic of a New York (city) style pizza as you will find at 5'oclock in the morning in a place like Tempe that is made by Chaldeans. Floppy, greasy, goodness.
1	As has often been said, especially by friends in Europe and the Northeast US, "Good pizza joints are rarely cheap...and cheap pizza joints are rarely good."These folks must have been referring to Gus's.  The call was placed for delivery...a large pizza and 2 dozen wings.  Delivery in about 35 minutes...pizza and wings of decent temperature.  With regard to the pizza, this was just not worth the first bite.  Between the light dusting of cheese, the 9 slices of pepperoni on a large pizza and the rather boring as well as lightly applied sauce, the final disappointment was the crust.  Thin and chewy should not go together for pizza crust.The wings...so sad.  These apparently came from a bag in the freezer...found at places like Smart and Final.  They are of all the pieces and parts, just very small, little meat on those bones.  Seasoning seemed to be a dry spice applied after the wings were cooked.  Not so worried if they deliver at 4 AM...
1	I've had this a few times since.  Delivery takes forever, customer service is god AWFUL.  Seriously, these people are such assholes.  You get what you pay for, and this place is still a ripoff.  Should never be more than a star.
1	The people who run this place are straight up criminals. I grew up on the east coast, and I was pretty swasted one night and had their pizza at a friend's place and it reminded me of the NY style pizza back home. I tried them sober and while the STYLE is there, the flavor is not. If you want pizza with the aftertaste of a bucket full of bloody vomit, eat at Gus's. If you want cheese with questionable expiry, eat at Gus's. If you want stale crust, eat at Gus's. If you want the folks who make the Jersey Shore cast look like British Nobility at the counter to treat you like complete garbage while you're in the storefront itself, eat at Gus's. The last time I got pizza delivered from them, it took them the better part of 2 hours to get the COLD pizza to my doorstep a mile and a half away on a thursday night. When I got there, I tipped the driver generously anyway, even though he was clearly baked out of his gourd and the pizza was nearly destroyed(seriously, did he drive through a destruction derby on the way? is that why the pizza took so long?). I paid over the phone with a card and tipped with cash. He took it upon himself to tip himself AGAIN on the signed receipt line. So I ended up paying almost 40 dollars for their smallest pizza with all the surcharges and double tip. When I called to talk to a manager, I was told that there was "nothing they could do to refund the money" but that he would talk to the driver and let him know that "wasn't cool". Yeah. No. Straight up theft and credit card fraud ISN'T cool. I told the guy on the phone(who knows if it was actually a manager) that his response wasn't even remotely appropriate and that I would be calling my credit card company to do a chargeback. He back pedaled and told me to come into the store and he'd give me both tips back in cash. I told him to do something lascivious with whatever hellbeast gave birth to him.So should you eat at Gus's? Only if you don't value your time, money, health, dignity, or temper. You'd be much better off getting some pizza from Slices on Mill. Or Native New Yorker. Or NYPD. They all have the good New York style without all the garbage slathered on top. And for far cheaper.
3	PROS: open & delivery available 24/7, friendly staff, quoted delivery time was accurate, cheap specials, online ordering, pizza was decent, soda was cold, & pizza was hot. CONS: can only place online order if you have a credit card, delivery time was 45 minutes, garlic knots were horrible, no choice for type of crust, & the pizza size was smaller then expected.
5	We ordered from this place last Friday because we got an ad on our door saying they deliver BEER!!! Was trying to stay in that night and Gus's Pizza made that possible.We moved here from Chicago and have had plenty of pizza in NYC over the years and I honestly don't understand the negative reviews about this place. Maybe the staff saw how the company was being looked at on here and made some changes, I say that because we were very impressed.We ordered a large pizza with bacon and pep, along with a order of Garlic Knots and a 6 pack of Bud.The guy on the phone was very polite and made sure he got our order correct, he said it would be 45mins to an hour, expected for a Friday night.35mins later our pizza and beer shows up. The delivery guy was a little off, maybe had a "pick me up" to get through his shift, but needless to say, he did his job in a timely matter.The pizza was amazing!!! Hot, Fresh, Good Crust. I never eat crust, and I killed this crust. Yeah, Clean plate club over here. It even heats up well.Most of the reviews are not good, but we tried this place before even reading a review and we loved it. I say, give it another shot. Oh yeah, 24hr delivery.
1	This place is NOT the same!  Paid over $5 for a slice with 4 toppings on it and the box would have tasted better. Next time I'm buying a whole pie at Papa Johns for only $11.00! I give this place a month :-(
5	LOVE this pizza- it's great. They even have artichoke- my favorite topping!Fresh and delicious- best pizza in town!
5	Look, crispy crust, we'll cooked toppings and cheese, and a Pepsi to wash it down.  This place makes real quality pizza pretty much from scratch. All toppings sliced fresh, cheese grated everyday, and sauce whipped up like butta baby!!! Order any time of the day, yea that's right, 24 HOURS A DAY!!!
1	Every single Friday this place puts a menu in our door, not on, they slide it in. It's intrusive and extremely annoying. We get it, you want us to order from you. It's borderline harassment. And guess what? Just on principal alone, we will not ever order from this place. I called once and asked them to stop putting menus in our door every week and they clearly don't care. Maybe instead of harassing people, they should focus on the food, looking at these reviews, it's not their strong point.
1	WORSE customer service EVER! My boyfriend and I were even staring at the girl working there wondering at which point she would smile. Everyone was just rude and the pizza was absolutely terrible. It was slimy because of the grease and the dough was undercooked. Seriously, don't waste your money.
1	Gave them a try because it was my only option at 1:00 in the morning.  The guy on the phone was very friendly, quoted me 45 minutes to an hour, seemed a little long but you can't expect too much at that time of day, no prob.   It did take an hour and again that is what I was quoted.  Unfortunately the pizza was not edible.   I was expecting bad pizza, hoping for good pizza,  and more than prepared for cold pizza. But this was my first delivery experience with horribly BURNT pizza.  We were ravenous at this point so we picked off some shreds that we could eat, and most of what we ate was still burned and disgusting. Low expectations have historically kept me from being much of a complainer, but seeing that useless pizza I'd paid for in my fridge the next day, instead of something to eat actually convinced me to make a phone call. The girl on the phone was friendly and apologetic, but had no authority to do anything for me.  She said she'd pass my information and receipt along to her manager and that I should expect a call. No call.  Enjoy the photo.
3	The redeem didn't work anymore, they said! The pizza was ok. I came here just because it 24 hours open :)
1	it sounds bad, but it tastes worse. go to hungry howies. even that junk is better than this.
1	Most ludicrous place I've ever ordered from. What normal human would start a sizing scale with "large" when in actuality it is the smallest size?! I ordered a large pizza thinking I was getting a large pizza, waited an hour only to get a 14" pizza for 5 people... not to mention my garlic knots were burnt.I would rather eat 3$ Tony's pizza from food city.
1	Pros: Always open, polite staff. Cons: Pizza did not taste good. Meat tasted weird......and crust was so thin the slices fall apart as soon as you pick them up. I wouldn't recommend it. I know I won't be returning.
5	I love this place. The food is great and fresh tasting ingredients. My husband and I had the Bronx Bomb and it was amazing. The service was good. Even though we went at 1 am! The staff was friendly and helpful. I look forward coming back or order in food for delivery.
4	We got there at midnight and ordered the Bronx Bomber and Garlic Knots.We decided to eat in and not only was the service vibrant and friendly but the good was well above average for 24hr pizza.Lots of workers, food was made fresh and served with a verity of dips.Will definitely be going back!!!
5	Just got my pizza minus a key ingredient! Why the 5star review? They handled that shit promptly, without question. For a 24 spot, the service is on point.
1	You know that quote: "Pizza is a lot like sex. When it's good, it's really good. When it's bad, it's still pretty good."I always thought that was true until I had Gus's pizza. It's really actually bad. I mean I'd rather not eat than eat this pizza bad.
1	Do yourself a favor, and don't order this pizza.  I've had pizza all over the country, and this is by far the worst I have ever had.1 - Delivery took forever.  Website ordering leaves much to be desired - no "ASAP" option, only thing I had available was over 1 hour from the time of order - maybe they were just that busy.2 - The pizza was horrible - crust was doughy, not cooked completely - sauce lacks flavor - overall just under-cooked.I really would never recommend this pizza  . . . ever.
1	You likely will get sick.
1	NOT WORTH THE $$$ Had this pizza for the first time the other day at a work function. Decided I'd get one delivered. 3.9 miles away $5 out of area fee. WTF! ONE 16" 2 topping with a side of ranch came out to $27. That's ridiculous. Could have gotten an XL 3 topping plus 12 wings at Barro's for the same price. Will not be odering from here again.
1	This is for a certain type of crowd: college, too broke, and too high to care.
4	**  O P E N  24    HOURS  **********Fresh ingredients !! cant beat the taste especially when its open 24 hrs !! I tried the supreme pizza. Great crust and sauce. I topped it off with garlic sauce yummmmmmm ** Large slices of Pizza *** Check it out :)
1	When the original owner who was from New York ran this place the pizza was great this new guy change the recipe the sauce is watered down the crust is to thin the pizza sucks don't waste your time unless you don't know anything about pizza
1	In the past I've been a frequent customer of Gus's and always found the pizza to have a distinctive taste but since they've gone into new management, I don't expect to return. My few visit in the past two months weren't pleasant, I've encountered rude workers at the front counter who seem like I'm making them go out of THEIR way to get my order, which is no more than a few steps away nonetheless. Workers stand around and seem to be hanging out so don't expect to be welcomed with open arms into the store, you'd be lucky to even get a smile. Seriously, that's how bad their customer service is. The pizza has always been good in the past, but I'm completely displeased by what I received today. Half cold pizza, sorta warm around the crust, but in the middle was dead cold. I had to toss it in my own over for another 15 minutes in order for it to be edible. I don't want to know what other undercooked foods they'll be serving me, if I could give this place no stars I would but since I can't it earns a 1 star rating. Never returning.
4	Typical late night greasy pizza. Not great, not bad. But, it is open 24hrs which is why it gets 4 stars (delivery as well). And hey, when your leaving the club at 2 am drunk....who needs gourmet food anyways? Garlic knots are worth a try and the pepperoni pizza is pretty ok too. Id keep your toppings simple seeing as the ingredients may not be the most fresh. I order late night from Gus's quite often and for an after hour spot, the delivery wait isn't too shabby either.
1	I would rather eat Digiorno!
4	My earlier review was written out of naivete and insanity. Sure, it's not worth it to drive to Gus's, but this place works for delivery in a pinch. Lately I have taken to ordering delicious spinach pizza with a side of garlic knots. My best dude used to work at this place and he claims the garlic knots aren't even that good? I BEG TO DIFFER. They're the best part of every Gus-related meal.In short, this restaurant is great for pizza delivery, especially if you are too drunk to know the difference between halfway decent pizza and delicious pizza. I give it an extra star for routinely fast deliveries.
5	Kyla at Guy's recommended the white chicken pizza. It was awesomeness on a plate. The crust and toppings were perfect. Customer service rocked. I can't wait until I go there again.
1	Okay check this out you seen the overall rating by the immediate responses and even Siri tries tell you it's five star!! What a freaking joke they are very selective for one reason or another about who they serve immediately and when you try to complain they tryto tell you they don't care.. I warned them I'm an ex veteran that I'm going to complain on Yelp care notice that my rating justifies her overall rating here in Yelp don't trust Siri you have to literally threaten people that after you pay for your pizza you're going to dispute the card charge if they don't serve it to you within the same time they been serving other people they are selective that's all I know i'm in ex veteran so I was mouthing off about Third Reich was that manager sitting on his ass tried to punk us to get in the sliced line when I ordered a pizza i'm a 30-year-old guy that looks very young but I served my country ( people not the corporation)  so fuck that piece of shit
1	Pizza was mushy , not like ninja turtle awesome mushy but rather ack thats all slippy slide in my moth hole  - taste was ok, topping seemed solid. but it was most def on my "stay away buy open late, list" I Could do this maybe drunk at 2am, NOW the WINGS - NO NO NO , the WORST ever, being form buffalo; and i take them pretty serious. but OK. IM in love with wings, just need to get my fix. They arrived box swamped with grease in and sadly out , had to put towels just to open, upon opening .... They looked ok overall ... BUT one single bite  - - - BURNT  never changed grease flavor (that deep absolute, stuck in the mouth for nights , absolutely appalling taste. Tried with the ranch (had no blue cheese offered ever for extra) just burnt grease flavor. Let me tell you, I cant get any from that taste outta my mouth or brain  ... its so off that it almost ruined by favorite food for life. 24 or so wings in the trash and im not even kidding but saying my pups wouldn't even eat more then or  bite or so  after. Id rather Gordan Ramsey take every bad thing in the cooler or the worst show and put in my mouth in puree form.Guessing from the overall (all)  the grease has not been changed in several months. Not night or days, just not changed and all the wing blood and burned fry, is most apparent within. I hope its a bad night for them a few weeks ago. I like they are open uber later and can if needed deliver but - no way man, stay away.
2	Its an ASU rite of passage to eat here. Most of the times I ate at Gus's it was staggering over from one of the bars in the joint parking lot after a binger.  Man was that the best pizza I ever ate at 2am, burned the roof of my month and everything! A giant greasy slice of pepperoni pizza with some crushed red pepper sprinkled on the top, PERFECTION!I tried them sober, and thats another story, but I still like to stop in and grab a slice for old times sake.
1	I'm not one to complain on here. in fact, most of my posts are positive. If your hungry, Don't get delivery from here took my pizza an hour and a half  to get here when I was quoted 30 minutes on a Tuesday night! Not to mention I live less than a mile away. My pizza was cold and there are a lot of other late night delivery places I could have gone to. Super disappointed, tired, and hungry. I will be ordering Oliveo's from now on unless someone contacts me and tries to make this right because the service I received was unacceptable.
2	Ordered a chicken Parmesan toasted sub at the guys recommendation. The outside of the sandwich looked pretty good but it was stuffed with thin breaded 'chicken' strips that had meat similar to what you get in a McDonald's chicken nugget. For 8 bucks I expected somewhat better.
1	40minutes and still waiting for one slice of cheese- they told me it would be ready in 25 when I called
1	So I couldn't tell you what Gus' pizza tastes like because they wanted a $7 service charge (before tip) on an $11 order to deliver anything.  Classic craphole that will be out of business soon.
1	The girl who answers the phone at 3 a.m. sounds like she has something that stinks under her nose when she speaks, aside from this, she may be the most rude person I've ever talked to in my life. Good luck with nighttime pizza. If I had to guess, I'd say she spits in them. I didn't get to the pizza on account of how unfriendly she was.
2	It's funny----I had heard that Gus had good pie.  All I can say is it must taste really good when you're under the table.  When you are sober, it's pretty medicre pizza, folks, even if they do deliver at 3am.....
2	As with most businesses, there will be good and bad reviews, and hopefully I can come back at a later date to write a good one. However, my first experience with Gus' was quite negative.I ordered a pizza online, gave the card number to pay for it and received a confirmation/order number. The pizza was supposed to be delivered within an hour. An hour later, no pizza, so I called. Gus' had no record of our order, no specials and no website, or so I was told, and yet, I was looking at the website as the employee was telling me they didn't have one. I went to the bank and sure enough, money had been taken out to pay for pizza at Gus'. I called again.One of the most curious things was the different stories I got depending on the employee I was speaking to. During one phone call I was told that the order was on its way. I waited. Nothing. I called again. No record of the transaction, no order placed, no pizza on its way. I inquired how a pizza could be "on its way" if there was, allegedly, no order placed. I was placed on hold several times as the employees desperately tried to get answers to these questions they could not answer. Finally the manager. No record of an order placed, yet paid for. An interesting business practice. Needless to say, it was a frustrating experience and an investigation is under way. The funds should be returned in 2-3 business days, but for now, I have no access to them and no pizza.Think I'll stick with Papa Murphy's; for delivery service is like a box of chocolates-- you never know what you'll get, or in this case, if you'll get.
1	yelp says the location has closed. apparently that's wrong. because I placed an order tonight based on the fliers they constantly place on my gate. I tried to place an order based on their coupons. apparently they're only offered between certain hours that have no occasion on their coupons. I referred to what was in my gate and they continued to be unattainablethis place does not stick to the advertisements they may apply to their blanket door service. if it were they need to educate their order takers and I will never order from them again party or not. FALSE ADVERTISING! SAVE YOUR MONEY! will send pics upon service.in retrospect, the girl I ordered with May have been nasty but michael my delivery guy? 5 stars across the boards. tip him hard if that's your dude!!! Gus take note
1	Horrible customer service and crazy long wait.. It took 1:45 minutes to get my ordered pizza and wings. I even called back to see if the driver was close and the manager said he'd credit me for the wait.. Soo I called back two days later and the rude staff said we can't just give you free stuff cause your pizza took to long. You are better off going to get a frozen pizza. Don't waste your time or money!
1	Went over and ordered a pizza to go. As I was waiting there one of the employees wearing a hooded sweat shirt and black hat wiped his nose twice with his hand and then touched everyones food. Never washed his hands! Ugh!
2	So I hate to write a bad review but I'm all for giving any place a review if it was anything below or above average. Honestly, this was way below average. The pizza was literally the worst pizza I have ever had, ever.. it seemed as if it was left out all day, it was hard and very dry & they forgot my ranch :( the only reason I gave two stars was because my cheesecake was really good & the delivery guy was bad ass, I liked his attitude & just all around good vibes. The guy on the phone whom I ordered from was also very polite and nice. Just really bad pizza. If you guys can fix that, then you would be grade A.
