4	Great beer selection and nobody can pass up drunken Skee ball, come on now!
3	Continuing the transition of NoDa from Arts District to Bar District, I present you with the Blind Pig.  In a neighborhood where the majority of joints are either named after something artsy or life inspiring (the Muse, Dolce Vita, Sanctuary, Revolution, etc.) or something with an animal (Beagles, Smelly Cat, Rat's Nest) one would think there has to be an online formula on "how to name your business."  Maybe some sort of wheel with a descriptor and an animal.  Whizzzzz.... Shy Monkey.  Whizzz.... Lazy Squirrel.  Whizzzz.... Punctual Three-Toed Sloth.But I digress...Taking over the space formerly known as Boulevard and Lark and Key on the corner of 36th and North Davidson, the Pig has an ecclectic feel.  No real common theme or identity, Jerry and the crew appear to be filling whatever bar need the neighborhood might need.Cheap beer and drink specials?  Check.  Place to watch the game?  Check.  Place to roll Skee-Ball and shoot arcade hoops?  Check.  Place to test your drunken navigational skills while walking down the ramp from the door to the bar?  Check.  Place to watch Sons of Anarchy because you let your cable subscription lapse?  Check.  (Seriously, they advertise SOA night on FB.)  Place to show people why you didn't make the cut on one of the society degrading television shows that is just glorified karaoke?  Check.Like most hood joints, the walls are adorned with local artists to remind you that it MAY still be the Arts District.  Love the Erich Moffitt pieces.They have a fair selection of craft beers on tap and by the bottle.  The bartenders are quite capable and make it a pleasureable drinking experience.  So, swing on by and enjoy the artistic/sports/gaming/karaoke/billiards/dive bar while swilling suds and slamming shots.
5	basketball, skeeball, beer pong, touch tunes,cigarettes, silver strike bowling, ATM, bathrooms, beer, patio, boxingmachine,TVs, billiard/pool tables, and darts!  pretty much everything you could ask for at a bar.  a dozen or so taps which include some local stuff, had NoDa Brewing available when I was there.  atmosphere didn't feel quite the same as the rest of NoDa but it's new and still getting its own identity.  was also earlier in the evening and only stayed for a couple beers but really enjoyed what i saw and the potential.
3	Pretty good selection of beer to choose from ranging from local (Noda down the street), to Olde Hickory, to Magic Hat. They do also have some bottles of beer as well. The tab on 4 different beers ended up being just over $20. Just be careful ordering a Four Friends I77....you may end up with a 7 and 7 instead. No worries, it got corrected, just a good tip for the future. We were here on a Friday night and it was a good crowd, not packed, not too sparse. Good tv set up. The great thing about this place is there are a lot of activities to partake in such as Pac-Man, shuffleboard, skee-ball, basketball, Buck Hunter, darts, beer pong, pool.It may have actually been a 4 star experience, but had to dock a star because the gun for buck hunter is a little broken...doesn't cock properly. And if you're going to fill the NoDa gaming niche, all the games need to work.
4	Early on a Saturday evening, I strolled into The Blind Pig ready to annihilate my husband at shuffle board. While I didn't experience victory at said game, I did find out that my skee ball arm is in great shape.The Blind Pig is a spacious bar with an emphasis on gaming. You'll find shuffle board, shooting basketball, boxing, Pac Man, Buck Hunter, two pool tables, arcade bowling, and the aforementioned skee ball. The games range from $.25-$1 per play, so you can certainly get your money's worth if your ready to throw down.Bartenders were pretty friendly and the beer list offered a handful of local brews at affordable prices. Whether you want to pull up a stool and catch a game from one of the six TV's or you're dying to feed some change into the modern jukebox, there's entertainment to be had at the Blind Pig.
4	I came here a few weeks ago after dinner Uptown.  I really liked this bar, there was plenty of space, all the fun games to play, drink prices were fair, bartenders were quick.  However, and this is a big deal to me, how do you only put one women's and one men's bathroom in a bar of this size????  I felt like every time I had to go I might as well have just gotten right back in line because it takes soooo long!!  And the other thing is, don't have karaoke on a Saturday night.  I mean come on, you are out in a lively bar having fun, then some drunk girls want to "sing" Kiss from a Rose!!!  What a buzz kill!!All in all though I think this is a great addition to my neighborhood and I look forward to checking out the food truck that parks in the back!
5	Easily my fave hangout bar in Noda. The location is easy enough even my friends from Ballantyne don't need to call or text me multiple times asking how to find it: corner of 36th & North Davidson. If The Evening Muse is to your left, this place is to your right; if you're passing by Smelly Cat and The Neighborhood Theatre, it's right past the traffic light. Street parking can be tricky if there are multiple events going on in NoDa so pls read posted signs and be mindful of residential streets and/or parking lots reserved for particular businesses. There's a gravel lot behind The Neighborhood Theatre that almost always has a parking attendant ensuring the safety of your vehicle for a paltry $5. Make use of it. Back to The Blind Pig. It's just so up this kitschy gal's alley. Walk in and look to the left - foozball table. Keep walking. A few arcade-style video games. Skeeball. Pool tables. Dartboard. Make way to the bar. See list of tasty libations on special. Take advantage of full bar. Mosey around the bar area. Smile when you discover many awesome table and board games, such as: Connect Four, Battleship, Jenga, Mr. Potatohead, Lincoln Logs, and the list goes on! Play beer pong. Mingle outside on the patio area (smaller than Solstice's but accommodates a dozen or so ppl easily). Enjoy the music or the karaoke that's going on.  Smile at someone you don't know. Have fun!
1	Drunk frat boys and their jersey shore girlfriends.
3	I've been here a couple times and overall it's pretty Ok in my book. The pro's - nice drink selection,  outside area next door to your own private "petting zoo" aka dog bar, awesome games.. life-size Jenga anyone?  The Con's- Count ONE indoor bathroom for the ladies.The first time I came here we were entertained (to say the least) by a stool throwing man. The second time I came here the bartender incorrectly rang up my  beer and I literally waited more than 10 minutes for a single beer ...which I still then had to pay for. Service other than that was quick.  The music  was very sub-par, I was not a fan of their Friday night DJ (though to be fair I'm not a club person by an stretch, and this gets oddly clubby)  I'd go during the day and play the games...I probably wouldn't come at night as I'd end up waiting in line for the ladies room all night : /
4	Our first visit to The Blind Pig was this past Saturday, as we tried to stay cool and hydrated during the recent heat wave.  I am not sure how this place is earlier in the evening, but after dark it seems to get crazy and interesting.  They have all types of bar games inside like beer pong and giant connect four, as well as outside games like corn hole and giant sized jenga on the patio/deck out back.  We also got to see a group performance of "the wobble" as the DJ took a request for the wobble song? I was not familiar with this dance prior to this evening.They have a decent selection of draft beer, and the wife tells me that they make a mean Jim Beam and ginger.  The crowd seemed on the younger side, but there is something for people of all ages.  It definitely is a nice place to hang out for a few drinks.  Bar staff did a great job taking orders considering how busy and loud the place got as the evening went on.
4	My first time at The Blink Pig, and I can say for sure one of the best bars in NoDa, nice mix of music, fun crowd, loved the outdoor/patio setup, with the games, drinks where affordable, the downfall was 1 mens and 1 womens bathroom, had to wait in line to long to use the bathrooms, and more seating inside would be nice, but for the most part, this place was real lively, I had a great time and will definitely go back again.
5	I went down to Noda for a meetup group at Growler's Pourhouse, and ended up stumbling my way down to the blind pig with a group of new friends. I love dive bars, and could pretty much tell through my beer goggles that it'd be love at first site for me and The Blind Pig. She enticed me with her diveyness and once I walked in, there was a box of body parts sitting there waiting for me. Not just any body parts, but Mr and Mrs Potato Head parts. OH MY GOD!!! I sat there for about 10 minutes or maybe 40, not really sure since it was drunken bar time. Who cares, I made so many Potato Head masterpieces that I was not moving anytime soon. Once my creative muse was finally stifled, I ventured through the rest of the bar, chatted with some people who I made into new friends whether they liked it or not and dragged them all outside with me to the adult playground that was waiting for me!!! Thankfully I was a bit intoxicated or I would have fallen to my knees and wept from the site in front of me... Adult sized connect four? Giant lumber blocks for Jenga?? Twister? Spring Toys and Corn Hole???? ARE YOU SERIOUS???? Oh, it was ON!! High Heels and all, I ran to that metal pig sitting on it's spring and reverted back to child hood. I had an amazing time at this place and it if were a little closer to my place I'd frequent it often. Next time though, I'd probably snag a potato head to ride the metal pig with me!! WEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!
5	If you're in the neighborhood, the Blind Pig is a must!  It's a an amusement park for adults!  The multi-level bar allows you to venture off into different areas of the place depending on what you're interested in doing.  Feel like sitting down to have a drink and a chat with friends?  Check.  Want to sit at the bar and watch a big screen TV?  Check.  Feel like playing arcade games or a game of pool?  Check.  Darts?  Check.  Or if the weather is nice, venture outside for a giant game of Jenga or Cornhole.  This place has something for everyone.The staff is wonderful, pleasant, and knows how to make cocktails.  Always a good time at the pig!
3	This is a cool spot.  Lots of art work and giant tvs occupy the main bar.  Upstairs they have pool tables, aracde and skee-ball machines.  There is an outdoor patio too (the smokers love it!)  Noda folks love to gather here Sundays to watch the game.  They don't have any food I think but we noticed Sunday while we were here that they had a chicken wing buffet?  Looked like it was free - folks were just helping themselves.The offer local beer - love it!  And there is street parking and parking behind the building.  Another great stop on a Noda beer crawl!
3	Recently popped in here after mulling around in NoDa and looking for a place to grab a cold one.  I was NOT dissapointed.  Pretty decent beer selection and a special beer on draft that I'm currently addicted to (Jalepeno Pale Ale).  They don't serve food here so keep that in mind.  They do serve great games like Daytona USA, Skee ball, pool and a really sweet air hockey setup.
4	Generally, I like it. I think I would enjoy this more as an afternoon bar than a night bar, though. Something about playing a lazy Sunday game of Skee-Ball appeals to me more than trying to fight through the crowds for a turn at Jenga. But that's just me.One thing that always bugged me about these "arcades for adults" is that they seem to focus too much on the arcade and not nearly enough on the food and beer. Sure D&B's has every game you can imagine, but you're stuck carrying a $5 Miller Lite around while you play them. I'm happy to say that I think Blind Pig has found the proper balance, with the right amount and variety of games and good craft beer to back it up.
5	Been here twice. First time was in April. Great bar in a great 'hood. I love the laid-back but quite a bit loud atmosphere (if that makes sense). I highly recommend. Also has a few arcade games.
4	Love this spot...a perfect blend of neighborhood bar and adult playground.  Lot's of fun!
4	First time was July 4th weekend and I literally thought I had died and gone to heaven.  I had never been to a bar that had a giant Twister game outside or skee ball! (I had just moved from Raleigh to Charlotte in June if that tells you anything).  My girlfriend and I ended up playing Connect Four, Jenga, and Kinex and meeting some very cute, single guys....one of whom is now my boyfriend :-)  Needless to say, I'm a huge fan of The Blind Pig, as it's just a very down-to-earth, cool place where you can go in a tank top and jeans and just chill.
4	I loved this place.  Cheap drinks, fun activities, and ridiculously friendly people.I liked the adult sized Jenga in the outdoor area and the random playground pig/horse things.Probably would stick with beer here.  I didn't really care for the gimlet I ordered and my friend didn't finish her cheap vodka drink.  I guess the house vodka is really cheap.  But hey, it's a dive bar, that's what you get.It's too bad we were all tired and couldn't seem to muster up the energy to really enjoy everything.
3	I went to The Blind Pig for the first time with some friends on Saturday. It's a great dive bar with the added bonus of old school board games like Jenga, Rock 'em Sock 'em Robots and more. It's a fun place for groups to just hang out and kick back. I'll definitely be back soon! If you haven't been there yet, you're missing out.
5	Love this place, who doesn't like to play games with theirs friends while drinking some beers? Thought it was a very clever dive bar!
4	Cheap drinks, arcade games and corn hole. Nothing fancy, nothing pretentious. You could do worse.
4	I have walked by this place a dozen or so times and finally went in last Friday with some friends. The place was hoping. I didn't realize the size of the place. It looks deceivingly small from the outside. Packed with plenty of games and a huge bar. It was my last stop in a night filled with drinking and I honestly do not remember much more. I intend on heading there another time and add to this review.
4	I've been to the Blind Pig a couple times and it's always a fun time... The last time I was there, it was a little chilly... No worries... There's a heated tent outside when necessary that houses the cornhole boards, large scale jenga, putting green and little playground springy animals... Nothing like watching some imbibed adults try to recapture some youth...  It's a fantastic experience... The drinks were on special and we had the cinnamon shots... I came with four people and one of them wimped out on their shot... More for me! lol  It wasn't bad... Definitely tasted like a fireball candy... Yum... Inside, more games than you can shake a stick at or however that saying goes... Off the top of my head, here's a listing of what I remember:- Sorry- Skeeball- Mr. and Mrs. Potato Head- Battleship- Connect Four- Shuffleboard- Table hockey- Pool- Trivial Pursuit- Basketball (with the moving goal)- Pac Man/GalagaThose are only the beginning...  They could definitely do with more restrooms and they don't serve food (but in the summer, they have different food trucks park in the lot with the outdoor games)... This is one of my absolute favorite places to hang...
3	This is a pretty solid bar.  I'm rarely disappointed going here but I'm not blown away either.  I love the uniqueness of the enviornment.  They have like every board game I played as a kid.  You can't really go wong sipping on a beer while playing Connect Four.  I also enjoy the outdoor adult playground.  It does get pretty packed on a Friday or Saturday night and the environment turns more "clubby," especially for the NoDa area. You can expect loud music (DJ) and lots of people dancing. I'm never impressed by the drink specials.  So I usually end up paying full price for what I want.  The pours aren't very strong either.In the back room there are pool tables and skee ball along with some other games.  It is definitely a place where you can stay entertained.  My biggest complaint (and I see I'm not alone here) is the one women's restroom and one male restroom..  I've waited online for the bathroom for well over 20 minutes on the weekend.  I believe they have port-a-potties but I'm not down for using those especially after it's been used by semi-intoxicated strangers.  Overall, I'd say it's a good place to end up but I wouldn't go out of my way to go.
4	Very much enjoyed the atmosphere. Tons of games and large TVs, plenty to do besides stand around like at most other bars. Not too hard to get a drink, bartenders were very nice and attentive. Multiple beer tubs so bring cash for fastest service.
3	Went here for the first time with some buddies for a drink one evening had an ok time. The games and amount of them is awesome if that is what you want to do while you have a drink. The service on this particular night was pretty bad. Couldn't get a drink cause the bartender was dancing around with a patron which had come around the back of the bar. Got served by another bartender and gave 10 for a 7 dollar order and she didn't give me change back and took the 3 dollar tip.If you are looking for a chill place to have a drink I would recommend one of the other bars or restaurants in Noda.
4	Excellent NoDa location that's worth the occassional visit!We played a few games of pool, few games of dart, and had a few rounds of beers.  Great hang out spot with reasonable priced brews!  Great place for a bar crawl stop!
4	I like this bar a lot, especially the service. The bartenders are very attentive and are quick to help me pick a drink as I'm often indecisive or unsure of what mixes well together.I love the games - twister, cornhole, giant jenga, random board games, Skeeball and air hockey! The games make a typical night out much more interesting and is good for groups, as there's something for just about everyone here. The bar definitely gets very crowded, so I like to come a little early and claim a table or dress to be comfortable enough on the patio out back. In the winter, there is a tent up with heat lamps which makes a game of cornhole or Twister outside a viable option when it's freezing. Only downside is there are only 2 bathrooms, so lines get long and you're waiting in the middle of a walkway which can get uncomfortable. It's a minor drawback to a great place to spend a night out though!
4	Love it here!!!  The bartenders are super nice. Planning on coming back again!
4	I do love my dive bars and there is nothing quite like walking into a dive for the first time.  I've worked at and been to plenty of dive bars in my life time so what makes The Blind Pig unique?  Walk in the door and go to your left you will find a room full of fun and games!  Skee ball (my fav)  I promise you will not beat me at skee ball, but keep walking and you will find basketball, darts, pool, a punching bag and well of course a bar.  Now take route number two and walk through the doors and down the steps.  Maybe it was because it was Memorial Day weekend or a Friday night I don't know but this night there was a pretty rocking hippy dance-fest going on...one of the things I really enjoyed about this bar was the crowd it was very eclectic and brought all kinds of people together. Now after all the indoor games and dancing it was time to check out the back patio.I'm loving all the outdoor patios popping up in the QC and this place has one to brag about.  Why?  Huge outdoor space featuring you guessed it more games; connect four, twister, corn-hole, jenga (life size versions of your favorite board games)!No food but lots of entertainment and very friendly bartenders.  A new favorite hang out hmm I think so!
2	The service stunk other than the woman bartender. Three of the guys looked at me about 5 times and didn't take my order. This is a college/young crowd bar so I probably didnt belong there anyway so live and learn when your visiting from out of town.
5	Dear Blind Pig in the heart of NoDa, one of my favorite spots, I love you. Lets get married, run away and bring all the games with us  : )The Blind Pig is phenomenal, a dive bar atmosphere with snarky bartenders (funny, not rude) and lots of energy. Don't go here expecting a low key night. The place is always hopping and full of life... one of the many reasons I love it. Surrounded by games, there's no way to be bored at this place. Skee ball, giant jenga, twister, mini golf (one hole), darts, basketball game, Ms. Pac Man, Battle shots - yes, shots, not ship. First time I went actually my girlfriend and I decided to start at the Blind Pig at 8pm and bar hop throughout NoDa. And about 2 am we finally left the bar haha. Met some really chill guys, played 6 hours worth of games and had an amazing time. And the drinks - nicely priced and always a shot and a beer on special. Stick around long enough and you'll be able to sing karoake, grab a group for beer pong and probably meet some cool people. If you are new to the area, I'm sure you've been told to check out NoDa. And if you go to NoDa, you have to walk over to the Pig. One of my favorite bars in Charlotte and definitely worth a visit time and time again!
3	I enjoy this bar sometimes.  THey have pretty cheap drinks, but it can get packed very quickly which can be annoying.  They have games going on in the back and on one side of the bar so there is plenty to do if they aren't taken by everyone.
2	I arrived to early around 9p.m on a friday night. There are better drinks specials in the area besides this place
4	Cool atmosphere. Lots of TV's and fun games. Drinks are a little pricey, but they have a good selection.
3	The Blind Pig sits In the heart of noda and almost always ends up being our last stop of the night while out in noda. It's a pretty big space and usually has a good mix of different people which helps put me at ease about fitting in (I sometimes feel out of place due to my lack of tattoos and edgy hair/clothes when in noda or plaza midwood). It can get pretty crowded on weekend nights which makes it incredibly difficult to get into the single person bathroom located in a busy hallway. I always avoid this bathroom and either stop at a restroom before going to The Blind Pig or hold it until we leave.The best part of The Blind Pig (besides their late 90's music playlist) is the game room. We definitely hit up some skee-ball, basketball and air hockey last night. I may or may not have set the record for the night on the basketball game and embarrassed my husband. They also have a car racing game, the punch bag game (in case it's necessary to quantify who the biggest douche is in the bar), foosball, pool tables, and darts. Most of the games have seen better days. I witnessed girls standing on the skee-ball games and another girl fell and spilled beer all over the skee-ball. And the air hockey table is not level so the puck always gravitates toward one side but what can you expect in a bar?Overall not a bad stop when making the rounds in noda.
1	Do not waste your time with the staff.The bar atmosphere itself it fun and full of games to entertain. Very impressed with skee-ball which I walked into a tournament going on (AWESOME)! Down side is the staff... One very ungrateful bartender. If you don't care for tips then are you working for free ?!?!?!
5	In search of a fun, energy packed, playful place to go?!?!? Look no further! The Blind Pig is filled with Life size games, good peeps and tons of drinks! Giant jenga, Mr. Potato head, twister, Pool, darts, Cornhole, Ms. Pac Man, Battle shots, the list goes on and on but my all time favorite are the little metal pigs you can ride on the back deck. If you're new to the area you should definitely check it out :)
4	Always end my nights out here! Great games, cheap drinks, and fun people watching. If I could change ONE thing it would be the bathroom! Adding a sliver of a stall to make 2 whole toilets shouldn't have eliminated porta potties. We are speed drinking here! We need toilets!
1	So I went there with a few friends on a Saturday night. It was pretty quiet overall. I went to the juke box to play music, the man in front of me said to go ahead and use the rest of his credits. I asked him if he was sure since my genre was difference then his, but he insisted. As I was selecting my songs (which were metal/Rock) another person there, walked up to me and asked which songs were mine because he didn't like the current songs playing. As I showed him my list, he's said good and he likes my selection. So I played 4 songs, this would have taken up 15 minutes of everyone's time. Before the second song ended, a worker (the owner) came over and played a ton of songs. When I checked my songs were no longer listed. So I confronted him, he removed my songs because he said it killed the atmosphere.. No one was even dancing.. So I told him to give me my money back. My friends then told me that's they noticed how everyone around seemed to actually enjoy my songs. But apparently it wasn't main stream enough for them..why have a jukebox with songs.. If you can't even play the music you want..
5	This place is awesome! Best BAR in Charlotte, hands down best atmosphere and great welcoming staff. Seth and Danni Carolina at the bar are awesome! The rest the people are awesome too ;)
4	I subtract one star from the game of Battleship I lost vs. Kelly C. because I had an extra boat. No but really, this place is fun. There's a ridiculously long table for beer pong, which we all had a hard time even finishing one game, battleship, Connect 4, Skeeball, and a fun message board to "anonymously" write fun text for all to read. There's also a words that are not allowed at the Blind Pig, like finger, or boyfriend. I think moist should be added to that list by the way. I didn't buy any drinks for myself (dd), but they did have drink specials (which for a Saturday night in Noda is pretty special). They also have a TV which we watched the second Final Four game on, but it was pretty crowded towards half time. In fact, by the time we left there was a line outside of people waiting to get in. A good setup as well because it caters to those groups with smokers, that can go outside, while those of us who do not partake stay inside and out of the cloud that can sometime occur.
2	I may be the only person to think this place isn't so great. Im here if friends make me go,its right in the heart of noda on corner of 36th st.  and everytime I go, I feel like I want to knock atleast one person out. Everytime im here, soooo crowded, and then you have to deal with a big bad security guy that takes his position way over the line, lol. On one occasion I came here with my deaf friends on their evening out, I'll never forget the looks from the "crowd" of people there. Extremely rude, wow ... we were using sign language. ...big deal. Its too generic, ya know?  Not my kind of place, or crowd. But if you think some games you cant get to, or an absentminded crowd is fun, this is the place for you!
2	Okay, first let me say I have given this place several chances and every time I leave pissed off. One of the first times I went in this place, it was packed it was a Friday or Saturday night. Let me just say I am a server and know what it's like to be slammed so I made sure I let the bartender know exactly what I wanted quickly and clearly. This guy was so rude..I've never seen anything like it! He literally had the meanest look on his face like we were inconveniencing him all night, it made us very uncomfortable, and frankly it just pissed me off. Come to find out his name is Jared, because he came into my bar a couple months later, and I hardly recognized him because he was actually smiling (funny right). Second time I went in there was a couple of days ago. I work 5 days a week and my boyfriend works 6 in a restaurant and we get one day off together.. We decided to go to the blind pig for some games. We go in at like 5:00 on a Tuesday..we are literally the only people in there. So of course we walk up to the bar and the male bartender doesn't even smile or say what's up, or even ask us what we are drinking but immediately asks us for our ID's...as soon as he hands them back someone he knows walks in and he walks over to him and COMPLETELY ignores us, doesn't even get us anything to drink and talks to the guy like we are chopped liver. Finally the other female bartender who was actually friendly came over and helped us. Overall I am unimpressed with this place.. it doesn't fit the neighborhood and the staff sucks. Take your attitude to whiskey river or something.
5	OMG so much fun! There are all kinds of arcade games for adults who don't want to grow up. There is giant JENGA, giant Connect-4, a beer pong table, a putting green and corn-hole. This is Peter Pan's dream!
5	Last night was the first time I been to a bar like this.  This place is amazing.  I haven't been to many bars like this where it has a variety of games and attractions.  The beer selection is pretty decent.  What attracted me to this place was the amount of unique games.  I haven't been to a a lot of bars where they have the assortment of games.  Games from beer pong, battleship, giant connect four, cornhole, to giant jenga.  Not sure if it was the right night or what, but I had so much fun here.  The people here are very friendly and down to chill.  This is a place where you can definitely meet people and become friendly with them.  You can bond with them through games and not just be creepy.I know where ill be when i come back to Charlotte
5	Pretty sweet bar! The place is spacious with fun games upstairs and a sweet spot outside for the smokers to enjoy. Staff is awesome!
4	Beer pong, corn hole, giant Jenga, basketball hoops, huge patio. And beer. Need I say more!!!
