1	CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP...But nothing could make this good. Not even your most ridiculous Vegas hangover...The school cafeteria at college has this place beat.So... NO NO NO...
1	So Much For Competition.  This Is Bad.I always believe that competition spurs businesses to compete.  The buffet at Imperial Palace is terrible.  Not only is it terrible, it is a huge rip-off at $14.I wish I could tell you that they did something right.  This is the worst food I had all weekend in Las Vegas and I never went beyond the Imperial Palace and O'Sheas.  Yep, Burger King and Subway were delicious in comparison.**I'll let you all in on a little secret: smother the biscuit with gravy and let it sit for 10 minutes while you try and eat anything else you may have been tempted to eat.  By the time you get to the biscuits, they're a bit softer than before.**The pancakes were dry and the syrup was not real - watery and tasted like pure corn syrup (real healthy....).  The biscuits and gravy were awful.  the biscuits were hard as a rock and gravy was nice and lumpy with a thick film on the top.  The chef at the omlette bar was extremely friendly and helpful, but he did not have a whole lot to work with.  Thumbs down for the taste on the omlettes.Can they even get fruit right?  Well, some woman grabbed some oranges and bananas and loaded up her coat pockets.  The time we spent at the buffet was over one hour and they never replenished the fruit basket.The coffee was not even memorable.  Maybe, that was the only ok thing.  I'm really surprised considering the number of alternative buffets in the city.  I think my friend owes us money for pursuading us to eat here.
1	If You're Lazy and Hungry, This Still Won't Do.The omlette bar had some fresh cut vegetables, but I agree the end result was not the best.  It is still probably one of the safer ways to navigate your way through this buffet jungle.You can give some of the meats like bacon and sausage a try, but I cannot say it is going to be on par with Burger King or Mickey D's.  Well, how about a waffle or some flapjacks?  They taste like they were placed in someone's lab coat pockets for a day and then placed over heat.  The syrup - I think it's straight up corn syrup and water.  Might as well use the stuff as a chaser.Any redeeming factors?  The service is average.  The chef at the omlette bar is a nice guy.  The silverware is clean and they have orange juice.  The coffee does the job, but do not expect the freshness you get from Juan Valdez and his mule.
1	I'm not sure what these 2 below me are talking about, I've eaten worse... at 5:30am off a cart in a Tiajuana alley.
1	This is probably the worst buffet I have ever had.  And vegas is renowned for buffets.  What a disappointment.
2	Nice seats but there was barely anything to eat. It was definitely not worth $12.99 + tax. The only good thing about it was the slices of pork. Everything else was a bit below average.
2	I expected so much more. The food here was eatable, there wasn't much variety. The "sushi" was rice and veggie rolls. I'm not coming back.
2	Wow! My two stars is going to elevate this place to almost acceptable. How rude is that. As soon as I walked in I knew that it wasn't going to be good. But I only ate the prime rib, shrimp and some ice cream. I came here because I was in the builing for the antique cars. Next time I will stick with that.
1	I should have listened to the reviews about this place before trying it a few weeks ago when we were visiting Vegas. I wasn't expecting much and the only reason I decided to even give it a try is that we had a 2 for 1 coupon. It was very below average food. The only thing I enjoyed was the steamed rice and fried popcorn shrimp but that's not saying a whole lot considering these two dishes are not very hard to make at all. The eggs were terrible and desserts were not tasty at all. On top of all that, we had stomach aches afterwards. I'm sorry to say that I don't think anyone can pay me to eat here again...
1	lunch, crap not worth it way over priced
1	This review is for the "Buffet of Buffets" 24 hour, all you can eat, buffet pass. This magical pass allows you to enjoy all day access to the buffets at 7 different Harrah's properties. The price is $39.99 for Rewards Club members and $45.99 for non-members. It is seriously easy to sign up for the pass and worth the $5 savings. The best day to buy the pass is Sunday because the brunch buffets include the booze free of charge. Also, remember to check the operating hours at each buffet because they do vary.Note: We did all seven locations (actually 8 buffets because we hit one twice) back to back in 11 hours.The buffets included in the deal are: Le Village Buffet inside Paris, Planet Hollywood's Spice Market Buffet, Flamingo's Paradise Garden Buffet, Flavors at Harrah's, Lago Buffet at Caesars, the Emperor's Buffet at Imperial Palace and Rio's Carnival World Buffet!Emperor's Buffet at Imperial Palace-Ummm, one word...DISGUSTING! No really, skip this stop completely! Aside from the staff being nicer than pie, the space is dingy...downright squalid really, and the food is inedible. FAIL!!!
1	We went to this buffet as part of the "Buffet of Buffets" pass purchased at one of the other casinos.  While the pass is a good idea, stopping at this buffet is not. We went for lunch, and I suppose it was edible, but I've had better food in college dorm cafeterias.  Golden Corral looks like a 5 star buffet in comparison!  The service was poor.
1	TERRIBLE!!!!!!! Went here on my birthday night ONLY cuz we we're staying at the Imperial Palace! Wish I'd have read the reviews ahead of time.... Spent $42 on an Old Country Buffet ripoff!! Terrible decor, uncomfortable seating, poor quality cuisine! DON'T GO!!!!!
1	Since we got the "Buffet of Buffets" 24 hour pass, we wanted to see which buffet we would like better. Online, it said Emperor Buffet had the best Asian food and sushi. When I got there, I was so disappointed. Sushi was just veggies rolls and nothing else. Asian food, yeah right, there was fried rice and chow mien. If you go to any other buffets, it would have the same items. They were closing...What kind of buffet closed for a couple of hours in VEGAS before opening for dinner. And when we got seated, our server told us we need to get all the food we wanted to eat b/c they're closing their kitchen in about 5 minutes. Plus the Emperor Buffet was upstairs away from the casino. It was a little hard to find. I would NOT recommend anyone coming here... should try the other harrah's buffets.
3	DAMN... these are some harsh critics below! Emperor's Buffet isn't complete crap and not overpriced. I paid $12.99 for a brunch buffet on a Friday. Brunch was until 2 p.m. Since we stayed at Imperial Palace (follow them on Twitter, people... I got one night for $20), we decided to eat here after hitting up the pool. The waffles were hard... the pancakes were hard... the scrambled eggs weren't real eggs... the bacon was funky... the desserts were terrible... BUT! The sausages were good, the corned beef hash was good, shrimp cocktail was good, and my favorite was actually the beef stroganoff. That was a surprise! Yeah, you can spend $40 at a brunch elsewhere, but it wasn't bad for $13. I will always choose Ellis Island over any brunch buffet but we were too lazy to walk or drive anywhere.
1	Got the "Buffet of Buffets" 24-hour pass to Harrah's buffets back in May 2010, and tried:1. Le Village Buffet @ Paris2. Emperor's Buffet @ Imperial Palace3. Carnival World Buffet @ Rio4. Spice Market Buffet @ Planet HollywoodI feel bad for finally giving a one-star because I'd like to believe that the chef here actually cares a little bit about what he puts out there... I'd really like to believe that.Well, upon walking into this hotel, you get a sense of... abandonment.  Seriously, I enjoyed walking through the place to find the buffet because I felt like I was in some lame B film set in a dying hotel.One of the first things I noticed upon being seated was our server giving us paper napkins.  Le Village Buffet gave us actual cloth ones...Later on, we kindly asked the server if we could get a Coke, and she impatiently replied that the machine was right "over there."  We guiltily pointed out that our initial order was never taken, and we didn't have cups.  At that point, our server sincerely apologized and took our drink order.  Ok, I lied.  My friend gave her our order, and told me about the incident after she sat back down... and I would LIKE to believe that the server was genuinely apologetic.  But who knows.I'm ranting too long about a 1-star place though.  And I don't like to complain *too* much.  The food was... edible.  Ok, maybe it wasn't that bad.  I can't remember.  But the overall feeling, I do remember.  And I walked out laughing... a little sad, but laughing.
1	DO NOT COME HERE. this buffet blows! We went here for dinner like two nights ago and boy was it quite pricey and a huge waste of $. I can honestly say i'd rather go to a fast food joint than this place. The quality isnt very good and neither was the selection. I felt so ripped off eating at this place. I cannot even remember 1 good thing about this buffet. Not even 1 dish (ridiculous). Thats when you know that place isnt good if you cant even remember what was good. TRY AT YOUR OWN RISK!
2	have you ever had a meano hang over and wanted to eat all the bacon in the world, and then you got a chance to eat all the bacon in the world, and started eating all the bacon in the world, and halfway through you decide you made a mistake wanting to eat all the bacon in the world? that pretty much sums up Emperor's buffet.I've eaten all meals here, breakfast, lunch and dinner. I can't really knock them too much because they're one of the least expensive buffets on the Center Strip. The items are all basic stuff. Eggs and bacon (yummy turning into bleh) for breakfast, turkey carving station and fried chicken for lunch, meatloaf and roast carving station for dinner. Nothing fascinating or especially spectacular. But, it's inexpensive and the lines are not too long. Plus, it's on the same floor as the sports book. 2.5 stars.
2	This buffet requires that you be very selective with what you choose  The salads seemed reasonably tasty and fresh and the rolls, breakfasts, and desserts are satisfactory. We were visiting the car museum, so it was natural to try to eat somewhere in the hotel. While it turned out to be a bit pricey -- especially for the quality of food we got -- overall it wasn't too bad.
1	Second stop on our buffet of buffets journey. I did not like this one at all. Not much looked appealing. I only had a liitle cottage cheese, a tomato, and a fried shrimp. The shrimp was rubbery. My wife had a mushroom salad and a macaroon. The macaroon was decent. There are many much better buffets in town. I will not be back.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE!We bought the 24 hour buffet pass and we ate at most buffets so we decided to try the one at imperial palace.... omg it was horrible! Horrible salad horrible soup horrible choices of food and nothing was fresh. When we go back to vegas we will definitely skip the buffet at imperial palace.
1	The price is definitely very good for a buffet on the strip, but the reasons behind the low price are:* mediocre food quality * very limited selection (can be a good thing though)* utter lack of care from any of the staff (a lot the stations had nobody replenishing the foods - therefore a lot of empty stations when there were on 10-20 customers in the entire buffet) Very good beef stroganoff though.
4	Way better than I expected after reading the reviews. Maybe I was just hungry but the food actually tasted good. The crab legs were pre-cut, the prime rib was decent quality, and my favorite things were the clam chowder, spicy tuna rolls, and mashed potatoes..
1	For a $14 buffet, that too in Vegas, you would expect some quality. The Breakfast Buffet at the Imperial Palace provides none of that. Avoid this and the lunch buffet as well, at all costs. Seriously, I don't have write anymore for this review; it's just a waste time for you and for me. Just avoid this place, at all costs. It's just that terrible. Why isn't there an option for 0 stars? It's finally deserved. One of the previous reviews is absolutely right about Burger King being delicious compared this; and that's the most barf-able fast food joint of all-time. I've never missed $14 so much in my life.
1	When I walked into the main room and started to browse through the food, scenes of the buffet from Vegas Vacation began to flash through my mind. Remember that scene where Clark is at the buffet and there's blue chicken and yellow beef and his cousin was shoveling that nasty bread pudding into his mouth?I'm overexaggerating a little, there wasn't any blue chicken, it was green. Just kidding....but I'd rather die than come back here again.
1	Dude this is the worst buffet ever. I spent two nights in jail and had better food. This is an atrocity to the word food. I will have nightmares for years to come of this place, from the decor to the food, a big zero. Close this place, would rather scrap for food in a dumpster behind china town.
1	Third buffet in the Buffet of Buffets tour.  It was difficult to get in as there is no separate VIP line for people with line passes or special privileges.  Apparently they don't think any Seven Stars or Diamond card holders would ever bother with this buffet.The selection is poor and everything looked gross.  I tried some ice cream which was nothing special.  We all said it reminded us of the buffets of our youth - which was not a good thing.One good thing - it's an easy buffet to sneak in and out of.  I got to run some errands, get change, go to the restroom, make some phone calls.  But that's not enough of a reason to give it more than one star.
2	Buffet of Buffets Marathon - Stop #3 of 7 12:00 PMThe 3rd stop in our single day tour of the Buffet of Buffets lead us to the Imperial Palace and the Emperor's Buffet.  Located on the 2nd floor above the casino, the buffet is the smallest in size and variety of the seven.  Our expectations were pretty low, so we weren't going to fool ourselves into expecting any pleasant surprises.After browsing the buffet line for a while, I decided to try out the Desserts.  Nothing on the main buffet line looked appealing to me and I wanted to save a little room for the other 4 remaining buffets.  The Desserts were OK.....the Cakes were very dry.  I'm glad I passed on most of the items here.Overall, it's the lowest rated buffet in the Buffet of Buffets.  Will it fill you up?  Sure.  Will you feel satisfied?  To each their own, in my case, no.  To end on a high note, the employees here are friendly.Return Factor - 2%
3	I know this is a rare 3 star review for this place and I will preface it by saying it is the only Las Vegas buffet I have ever been to, so I have nothing to compare it to, but enjoyed the experience.I went here for dinner while wandering along the strip one night and I thought it was your typical buffet with a wide variety of options that weren't gourmet but still good.  I think the key is to choose the right options.  The crab legs were awesome and totally worth the $20 since I probably ate $30 of legs alone.  Other favorites included prime rib, mashed potatoes, and spicy tuna rolls.  Salad bar was just OK and so were the desserts.This is a really good deal if you are hungry! The atmosphere is pretty tacky but it is within the Imperial Palace so that's to be expected.
1	Granted this is a pretty cheap buffet for the strip. That doesn't mean you should eat here. It's really, really bad. In fact, I have no idea why it's still open. They have a very small selection and the food reminds me of what you would get in a nursing home. Worst of all, the place smells like Diarrhea.
4	I hadn't been in this restaurant for many, many  years because my first and only dining experience there was so bad.  Wow...what a difference a few years makes.  This is probably the most budget friendly Harrah's dining experience.  Just the basics, no frills, no champagne brunch.  But the food served was quite tasty.  Buy the 24 hour meal pass for $45 and give it a try.  Not sure about dinner, but the brunch gets my vote.
1	Can I give this place 1/2 a star??It was the most disgusting thing ever! I usually start with a salad and i couldnt even find adequate fixings for that.Sorry I cant describe in detail everything i had but everything was disgusting even the dessert! I tried plate after plate and it was all gross
3	Not that great of a buffet but perfect for a quick breakfast. They only had like two people working though so they were running around like crazy. I recommend making your own omelet!
2	One of he smallest buffets I have ever visited. Pretty low quality but what can you really expect for around $10 a person. I would advise spending a little more to go to a better buffet.
1	It was terrible. I was on my honeymoon with my husband and on our last night we decided to go to the buffet. Now, since we have been in Las Vegas for a week, my feet were sore and my ankle was in a lot of pain. We were staying at Imperial Palace so we decided that it would be best if we just stuck to the buffet in our hotel. I should have sucked it up and walked. The decor is bad...I felt like I was back in the 80's. It was very empty and they charged us $22 for a semblance of a buffet. Bad selection, bad quality, and badly cooked. The only good thing were the crab legs...and I didn't even get to finish that because my husband got very sick mid-meal and we had to run, yes RUN back to the hotel room. He was sick to his stomach for the next day and a half. It's not worth the money-take your money to a better buffet.
2	This buffet is just depressing. We felt like having a quick and cheap breakfast on our last day in Vegas because we had already donated all of our money to the slot machines. Two brunch buffets for $14.99? A total steal.The buffet is totally empty on a Sunday morning and the decor is reminiscent of a sad, forgotten, dimly lit tiki restaurant. The food is just not good. There is absolutely nothing special about this buffet. Imperial Palace is in SUCH dire need of renovations that it's not even funny anymore.
1	this buffet is horrible. i don't even know why we took a chance on this place. probably because 2 of the people in my group are cheap. ugh! one of us threw up from the food before we even left the buffet. DISGUSTING.do not eat here. this plae is ugly and the food is horrible.we paid $20.99 for dinner -- and you can pay $10 more for an amazing buffet at the cosmopolitan or paris.AVOID.
2	Overpriced for what they offer, as reflected by a lack of customers; but it isn't really bad, and might offer a reasonable alternative to waiting in a long line.
1	Incredibly this place is even worse than what other reviewers have said about it. Feel free to eat the cereal for dinner, it's right across from the scary looking sushi.
2	Went for brunch food wasn't bad but not very much to choice
3	yeah, not as good as i remembered, now that i've been back a couple of times this year.  get the buffet at Paris or Rio instead..
1	Worst Chinese food ever.  If you have to, save your money and find a Panda Express.  This place has the fill them with batter, dough, and keep the quantity of meat or seafood to a minimum!
1	I didn't have very high hopes walking through the dilapidated casino that the food was going to be very good, but since I purchased the all day pass that covered about 6 casinos, I thought I would try it.  Remember the Chevy Chase movie, Vegas Vacation where they went into the buffet with the gross food?  I really thought they filmed that scene at this buffet.  Overall, the food was dried like it has been there since yesterday, and there weren't very many choices. We got out of there in record time, I think it was about 4 minutes, 3 of which I was just walking around in shock.  I think they should just scrap this casino.
1	If the food here was fit for an emperor, the cook would be beheaded for serving such lousy dishes.The buffet was located inside the Imperial Palace which is an extremely long walk from the center of Vegas strip. Let me first point out that walking here was a complete waste of time and had I researched Yelp first, I never would've stepped foot in here. (My bad, I was only interested in the crab claws and my hunger got the best of me).Believe me and everyone else that echoes the horrible (or lack of) food choices here. The crab claws were mediocre and not fresh, the vegetables were wilted (mushrooms were turning black), lobster bisque was full of salt, and the prime rib was way too dry or overcooked. The food was sitting tepid and didn't get rotated quickly enough. If that wasn't bad enough already, I was seated at my table for a good 20 minutes before anyone cleaned my plate. I had to go grab my own sodas and not once did anyone come by to see if I needed anything. There was literally no one eating here and the waitstaff just breezed through my table without even looking at me.I would give them a half star if it were possible. I would not come back ever again under any circumstances.
1	This is where I come if I want my ass to fuckin explode.It's Vegas, its a dam buffett and sometimes buffetts are cheaper then the restaurants.  Not the case for this one, its worth paying more to go to a restaurant.  Worse buffett I been to. Small selection, and OMG the food was all terrible.  I know at some buffetts some food can taste like its out of the box, or it rubbed up against the oven, but dam this is terrible. Sushi is all bad, the rice was mushy, chinese food tasted like it was the bottom of a burnt barrell, pasta was like canned food, american food was over cooked or just tasted like spoiled ass.  The salad bar was probably the only safe thing to eat.  Their desserts is even worse. I had a slice of apple pie and that tasted like plastic.  I had the worse after experience and spent the rest of the night in my hotel. FAIL!!!
1	Worst. Buffet. Ever.Nah, I'm sure there are bound to be equally bad buffets in our great nation, but the Emperor's Buffet is surely in the running. Let me preface this review by saying that the staff deserves a good four stars, as they were very friendly and attentive. Unfortunately, from the defeated looking carving chef, to the tiki masks in a chinese themed restaurant, everything else about htis buffet was substandard. Chicken noodle soup without noodles, egg drop soup that didn't appear to have any eggs in it, prime rib that was bloody red and tasted it, most everything else dry or overcooked; sad, sad, sad. My wife said "Well, the mashed potatoes aren't bad"; if the mashed potatoes were the best thing on your menu (and they weren't-the soft serve ice cream was), you have got a serious problem. The decor, as mentioned, is from the wrong part of the world, and that attention to detail seems to infect the whole dining area. If I hadn't just spent 2 hours starving in an airport shuttle waiting to get to the Imperial Palace, and another hour getting checked in, I would have had the energy to seek out another place to eat (like Hash House A Go-Go, fifty feet in the opposite direction). I won't waste any more time on this, so my ratings: Staff - B, Decor - D-, Food - F
1	Yuck!!! This is the worst buffet ever. That's all I have to say.
1	I rarely give out any 1-star reviews unless it's for poor customer service, but avoid this place like the plague.We only went in here because we had the 24 Hour Buffet Deal and was craving some greasy chinese food. Since its the Imperial Palace and it's called the "Emperor's Buffet" we assumed that it would fulfill our needs.HAHA..well we were way off. Decor is dingy and out of the date. It resembles a tiki lounge if anything. To get to it from the casino (which is half of is under a major construction project) you gotta go through multiple hallways and escalators.Hometown Buffet serves better food then this place. Everything looks reheated and just doesn't taste very fresh. Nothing very appetizing, and all in all, it was just an epic fail.The worst part?? We didn't even get our greasy Chinese food. ILiterally came in for 20 minutes and left right away. Employees are nice but that's about it. SKIP IT!
1	Terrible, This place was greasy, bland, and had very little choices to select from.
1	Poor food. Poor customer service. Terrible!!! Don't waste your money!!!!
2	This place really sucks.  I wish I could say it in some better way, but if you try it you will know what I mean.The single worst part of it isn't even the limited variety, it is the SALT LEVELS in the food!  Avoid if you value your appetite.
1	I demanded and received a refund. Had to wait 10 minutes for the refund since cashier is not allowed to void a check and there is no manager in the restaurant.  Smallest buffet ever.  Weekend brunch was more like a continental breakfast. They renamed the hotel QUAD instead of Imperial Palace but this room looked every bit of 40 or more years old.  Caesar's should be ashamed they continue to leave this place open. It's an embarrassment. Go to Harrah's buffet next door!
3	Wow, look at all of the low reviews for this one...  We'd better try it & see what's going on here!So I popped in here today for the Breakfast Buffet, joined by Jackie R, Robyn N & Mike C.  This Hotel/Casino has enjoyed a major remodel from the old Imperial Palace to "The Quad" now, & it's quite possible that the Buffet has been upgraded along with the rest of the place.  We might want to keep that in mind in considering all but the newest reviews here, as they haven't change the name of the restaurant.  In any event, we all thought the food here was good!There were 103 items on the Buffet this morning, plus sauces, dressings & toppings, and counting custom-made omelets as only one item.  Some foods that I am fussy about the taste of, including ham, Corned Beef Hash, cottage cheese, chili and pork gravy for the biscuits were all good.  Also, there was plenty of fruit, salad, & so on.The table service here was good too, & the dining room comfortable.  This place is a LONG WAY from "1-Star"! I did think it was a little pricey at $15.99 (including TR Discount), but it still nets 3 Stars from me.     :-)
