5	This restaurant is awsome.  I've lived in Vegas for 4 years now and finally found a great sushi restaurant on the northwest side of town.  Since in Vegas have only liked one other sushi restaurant and Sushi Loca is by far better.The atmosphere is wonderful, great service and fantastic food.   I would go there weekly if I could.Try everything as everytime I go and order something different its just as delicious as the last dish.  Go and enjoy some great japanese food.
5	Sushi Loca is such a fun place to go... As you walk in everyone (servers, hostesses, and chefs) stops and greets you ( I think it may be hello in Japanese? who knows, but it"s friendly).  All the rolls are really original and have super fun names. Best of all the chefs don't get cranky if you ask them to leave a sauce or something off. They also serve edamame and some yummy cucumber dish as you're seated so there is no wait to start eating! Woot!
5	I'm new to Vegas. So I don't know that many places to go to or even try. My family and I went and were very pleased. I thought this place was great. Very nice environment  and great food too! A little more than I would like to spend, but you can't beat the quality.
5	Finally, a good sushi joint in the northwest!They have everything from standard sushi to some good creative rolls, nice atmosphere, good service.  I'm especially happy there's a number of tempura rolls on the menu.And the Final Fantasy rolls have to be tried.  Great presentation, and very tasty!
5	A fun place with great sushi. I highly recommend the "Fat Ass" roll. It's a giant roll in case you couldn't tell by the name. This is one of the few sushi places in Vegas I would highly recommend.
3	Everyone is very friendly. People are super super nice. Super nice. That's almost all it is. The menu has some really ridiculous hilarious names that my sister and I try to make sentences out of, "Burning Sensation" "Tastes like my ex-girlfriend". It is a true tribute to some of the more interesting parts of Japanese culture. Food: I think the sushi is a little over done here. Maybe I should stop ordering the combos. But if you're looking for very traditional, basic sushi, you're not going to get that here. Everything is augmented 10 fold. I agree with John about the fives, this place is not a five. It is Vegas so how fresh can the sushi really be? (Remember...desert?) But it is not a 1. I would say this place is very good to introduce people to sushi, people that are anti-raw fish and are just getting in the mode. This is good for that because a lot of the insides are cooked. Bring a large group here, they can take it.
3	Went here for a late dinner last Saturday after the fight.Friendly staff and the special rolls menu was ridiculously long!Not bad at all, the names were funny and the sushi had alot of different things going on with it but it tasted pretty good.The actual combinations were interesting to say the least.If i'm ever in the northwest side of town again, I would definitely go back just to try some of the other special rolls they have going on.
5	I love to find great family run restaurants. The owners have been there most of the times I've gone and make you feel really welcome. They have super friendly sushi chefs so I highly recommend sitting at the bar. I think it's much more fun to interact. If that's not your thing, they have private sectioned tables too. It's another authentic place that has the waitress' in traditional kimonos and fresh fish. Never a bad piece. One too spicy but that was my fault for ordering =) WORTH THE DRIVE!!
2	I had such high hopes for this restaurant after reading the previous reviews as well as the fact that the location is less than a mile from my house. What a disappointment this place was. I went there on a Thursday night with my daughters (ages 5 & 7) to try it out. I ordered 3 sushi rolls and the chicken yakisoba. I asked the waiter to bring 2 plates for the girls to split the yakisoba. He didn't bother to tell me that their yakisoba was very spicy, almost too spicy for me to eat (and I like spicy.) I have ordered Chicken Yakisoba on many occasions and never once had it prepared spicy. The sushi I ordered came prepared differently as well. The standard California roll I ordered for the girls was great, along with the Philadelphia roll. The specialty roll I ordered was awful. It tasted nothing like I've had before at several other locations in town. It was void of any flavor at all, and not the least bit spicy (as it stated in the description.) This is the roll that cost me $16 so I was very disappointed. My other complaint would be the table we were placed at. I guess because I have children the host assumed we would be loud because we were placed right next to a group of college students that were drinking and yelling obscenities. I have no problem with people that like to party and have a good time, but I was let down by the fact that the waiter didn't offer to move us even after I complained about the noise. I seriously could barely hear my children talk to me. I will say that the decor of this place is beautiful, and yes they do greet EVERYONE when entering or exiting. Our waiter was very attentive when it came to refilling our drinks and bringing us our food. So in the end I payed $50 plus a $10 tip for a disappointing meal for 3. I guess I will have to keep driving to Summerlin for good sushi.
3	Only been here once, but the selection was great and the rolls were awesome! Not my fav. but defiantly great rolls. My husband had the sushimi and loved it.A bit over priced though.
4	I gave it another try..only a matter of time since the place is literally within a mile of my house. This visit occurred at 2:30 in the afternoon on a Sunday. The restaurant wasn't that busy, and my daughter and I were seated right away at the sushi bar. We were given a nice size portion of edemame and cucumber salad. We ordered 3 rolls that I have to admit were Delish! We had the Caterpillar roll, the Final Fantasy 1 roll and a Rainbow roll. I was astounded to see the size of the fish pieces on top of the Rainbow roll, they were huge! All of the fish tasted very fresh. The Final Fantasy 1 is just that....a fantasy, or maybe a dream in which my taste buds were in heaven! It came with a spicy ponzu/mayo sauce that was new to me, but so delicious. It had the spicy flavor of regular garlic ponzu with an added creaminess of the mayo. The only reason I am holding back 1 star is because we had to ask for our check. The waitress, once she brought us our drinks, disappeared, without even a return trip for a refill or anything. I will definitely return to Sushi Loca. I'm glad I gave them a second chance!
5	Ever want to feel like Norm on Cheers?  Well, walk into Sushi Loca and you'll feel like everybody knows your name! Ok, so it's not exactly the same and they don't really say your name. But boy does it sate the ole' ego when all the sushi chefs and wait staff cheer some happy Japanese somethin-or-other when you walk in the door!For a local joint, the decor here is fabulous. Who'da thunk it just a stone's throw from Walmart and Payless? But indeed, walk through the suburban doors to find a pulsing urban atmosphere with lush red and purple velvet seat backs, black, industrial piping in the ceiling and up-tempo music to make you feel part of the IT crowd.I've lived in the NW valley for almost 5 years, and this is the first place that marries really good sushi with a really cool atmosphere. I cannot recommend the spicy garlic edamame enough. I would travel to Hender-tucky for it! Honestly. Amazing. The sushi is fresh and creative with many the R-rated maki names :) I'll let you see those for yourself.Take a date, go with friends, or go by yourself to flirt with the sushi chefs.  This place is a GO.
4	We went on a Saturday afternoon, the decor was inviting. The staff wasn't  as friendly as some places we have been. However, they were not rude or anything. Just not overly friendly.The Rolls are good sized portions and the sauces are really yummy. Food overall was great!!!!!!
4	$36 for 2 people. Beek Yakosoba (sp?) and 3 rolls. YUMMM I didn't sit at the sushi bar so I didnt get the full experiemce but the food was good, and Id probably go back.
4	We found this restaurant through CitySearch and noticed the rave reviews. Being a foodie, I decided to check it out the other night. Where I live in Vegas, it's a 9 minute drive on the freeway, so it's close. It's also located in a very nice area of town, which brought my hopes up. Going with a previous review stating that this was better than Nobu--which honestly did not impress me when I went last week--I wanted to see what an off strip Sushi bar could offer.Walking into the place, you feel like you've steped into a posh Japanese sushi bar. The colors and layout is fantastic, and there are at least four sushi chefs on hand at all times. I loved the menu offerings, from cold and hot appetizers to the infamous hibachi and bento boxes. As any great sushi bar will have, they offer the Americanized rolls but have a beautiful variety of sushi to order. We ordered the Man dai sushi (Japanese snapper) and garlic tuna sushi, along with shrimp & vegetable tempura appetizer, beef teriyaki (cut up ribeye) appetizer, fried gyoza, Nobu special roll, and yellowtail jalapeno sashimi (which they offer at Nobu for three times the price).I have to say that as a person who grew up on a Pacific Island and having access to authentic Asia cuisine, including breathtaking Japanese sushi chefs and their culinary expertise, this place ranks on my top five places in Las Vegas to go for sushi. Not only were the flavors beautiful and clean, but their service was impeccable, their servers dressed (the women only) in kimonos which added to the authenticity of the restaurant, and the traditional Japanese greetings coming in and leaving. Add on the experience with honest-to-god beautiful and very delictable Japanese cuisines, and you have yourself a fantastic restaurant off the strip that is much better than what the hotels have to offer.I know some people may think that I am exxagerating, but you have to try it to understand the beauty in their food.
3	We were trying to avoid the strip and its commercialism, so we decided to try Sushi Loca, despite the name.  We are both definitely sushi snobs, so readers of this review should take that in to account.  We were there on a weekday afternoon, before dinner time.  There were only a couple of tables occupied.  We chose to eat at the sushi bar.  A brief look at the kitchen menu showed a wide variety of dishes, but we decided to stick with sushi.  We were immediately served a small dish of pickled cucumbers, which were pretty standard, but tasty.  The server brought us a small pot of hot tea.  He was efficient, clearing plates away as we finished with them.The sushi menu is vast, consisting mostly of rolls with crazy combinations of ingredients and silly names. We generally avoid Americanized rolls at all cost, extending this even to establishments that serve them, but since they seemed to be the specialty here, we decided to try a few.  Sex on the Beach was scallops on the inside with salmon outside the rice.  The Rainbow Roll was typical, but a bit sloppily constructed (all the big combo rolls were, really).  Dragon Roll had eel and some other ingredients.  The benchmark of a good sushi bar for us is their tuna roll.  Loca's was lacking.  There was almost too much fish in it, and there wasn't any wasabi.  Sashimi octopus and squid were okay, but the temperature of the fish on these, like a number of the other pieces we had was too cold.  It wasn't frozen, but cold enough to take away from the true, subtle  flavor of the fish.   The other issue we had with the sushi was the sushi rice.  It was missing something: our theory is that it's a little short on sushi vinegar.The highlight was a bowl of rolley rice: salmon roe and crab mixed into rice with avocado on top and a spicy kick.  The sushi chef who was dealing with our order was very nice and friendly. He was South Korean, as were the other sushi chefs and waitresses (or at least they were also speaking Korean). He had recently returned from a trip to Japan, maybe for some training?  In any case, Japanese owned and operated sushi places are not always better, but they certainly have a leg up on knowledge and details.Sushi Loca's food was good, but not fantastic.  The atmosphere seems like it could be fun with a bit more of a crowd, and it is nicely decorated.  It wouldn't be a top choice for us, but is a decent option for those who are into funky rolls, good portions and pretty reasonable prices.
5	We love this Place!!We are local favorites to this establishment! We love the food especially the Jackpot, Taste like my x-girlfriend and the shrimp and veggie tempura! Always friendly and fun! We visit weekly. Great food and great place to hang with your friends. Try the all night long..you won't be disappointed!
5	One thing I love about Sushi Loca, is the size of their rolls. Ive been to many many sushi places around the Las Vegas valley and some rolls are just dinky. I like the various ingredients and taste difference in all their rolls. The decorating is fabulous and the atmosphere is even better. We have went there many times, and there has been a few times our order has gotten messed up and they were more than happy to fix the problem, let us keep what they gave to us by mistake, and not charge us for any of it. I would definitely recommend them to everyone. The only dislike I have is that they don't have a happy hour what so ever. There is another sushi place we go to regularly due to their half price menu on Friday and Saturday nights. I would hope that Sushi Loca will consider adding a happy hour.
5	This is our favorite sushi place in the entire world. All sushi bars are held to this example of sushi. We travel all over this country for work and every time we eat at another sushi restaurant it always ends in the same conversation about how it's not as good as sushi Loca.The staff is friendly and personable. The kiss of fire is my all time favorite roll and the fat ass or Jimmi's special are not bad alternatives. I don't know what else to say, but go here and enjoy it.
2	This place is a rip off of I Love Sushi in Henderson and Nobu, except not as good. It copied I Love Sushi's restaurant layout, the boxes people get to write on, the menu, the outfits the servers wear... If you think this place is good, try I Love Sushi instead. It's across town though, so that's probably why they can get away with it. The food was okay. I tried the fat ass, and it's not as good as the reviews I read. We ordered the fat ass and I Did Your Girlfriend, which fell apart too easily. The place was also completely dead. There were maybe two other parties in the restaurant with us.
5	I love this place. I have been back many times now, and it has never disappointed. Everything that I've ever ordered has been exceptional. I've had several of their rolls and noodles like yakisoba and soba noodles. The portions are really generous, so you will get a good meal out of it.  I second the recommendation for the Fat Ass roll - filling, but good.
3	Been craving sushi for weeks! Usually end up at Sushi Bomb, but really wanted to try Sushi Loca! Heard some good reviews on here. Finally made it in.Pull up to the parking lot... Sh*t are they closed?!? There's no cars! But the open sign was on. Oh yeah it's 3:30p on a Wednesday, ok. So since it's slow maybe they should do happy hour to bring business! No happy hour :(Their prices were kinda high. It might be because I usually only go sushi during happy hour. 3 rolls and a dessert for about $50. (could've done 2 AYCE sushi lunches!.. or dinners at Island Sushi...)Quality was okay. The salmon on the Sex on the Beach was pretty fresh. The seaweed seemed different from other places, dunno good or bad, but chewy.Also got the cucumber island roll. No rice! The sauce it came with was weird though. and wasn't anything special. And also had the I Did Your Girlfriend roll. It was pretty loaded and good sauce. Tastes like there's horseradish in the sauce though, which was not mentioned in the description and the bf hates that taste. So had to eat the whole roll myself. I don't like that idea. I like variety. Too much of one thing no good.Then dessert! I overheard another table order Tempura + Cheesecake. Yup. Delish!! Comes with blueberry preserve and chocolate sauce. Odd, but totally worked.I'd actually rate 3 1/2 stars. Service was average. Pricing seems high for such average food though. There's other places I'd rather go. Photos are posted though. I think I did good with the pictures :)
2	This is my first restaurant review and I was encouraged by friend Dan P., the thai food fanatic, to write it.   Sushi loca was recommended by another friend and through yelp.I went there around 7pm Friday and the place was packed.  The energy was really high and exciting, but I was not feeling it.  I was expecting a quite and relaxing eventing dinner with my mom.  The music was so loud that I could not heard the server and the server was having a hard time hearing us.  This is what I ordered:Spicy Tuna Roll was too mushy.  I had better at Yamaguchi Sushi.Spider Roll was good, but I like Hikari Sushi version better.Soft Shell Crab Roll was a bit spicy and dry.  It was like eating crab cake over cooked in the oven.Caterpiller Roll was good.Rainbow Roll - the fish was not as fresh as Hikari.  It was dry and left out too long.Volcano no rice - This was the only think that stands out at Sushi Loca.  There were plenty of imitation crab meat with cream cheese wrap with a thin outer layer of Tuna.  The rolls were bake in Yum Yum sauce.Overall the price is resonable, but it is not the best sushi place in town unless you live in the extreme Northwest. I will try again when it is less busy to see if my perception can be changed about Sushi Loca.
5	this place is wicked amazing!!  just tried it for the first time, really close to my apt, fun, and great atmosphere!!!
5	This is my go-to sushi spot!LOVE love Love everything about it!  I've eaten sushi all over this country and I'm certain that it doesn't get any better than this!~FRESH, quality fish!~GREAT atmosphere........upbeat, loud music at night!~Incredibly friendly staff!~Garlic edamama..........what?!?!?!?!  Finger-lickin' good!~Sashimi...........   =)
2	Actually it would be more like a 2 1/2.The rolls are really good and fresh tasting, but really overpriced.  And although the decor is cool and the employees are friendly,  the place is loud.  I mean LOUD.  So loud you can't hear the person you're eating dinner with.  What's the point of eating out if you can't even converse?
4	Ya this place is pretty darn good.  To be honest at first I didn't want to like it because of the mexican-esse name, despite this prejudice I have ended up here like 4 times and have always had a great meal.My go to spot for good sushi thats not too expensive.  The fish has always been real fresh, salmon is my favorite nigiri and it has always been real good when I have ordered it.  If you like all kinds of crazy rolls this place has got it, hence the name.  The ones I have tried all have been tasty.  Its a cool restaurant too, probably the best spot in the northwest however I haven't tried them all.
4	Haven't had sushi in a while, and this was a great place to go to reconnect. The names of the rolls are highly amusing and irreverent, but the sushi is top notch. I've never had a baked roll, and I thoroughly enjoyed the "Oops she's seventeen"! Japanese beer is a great pairing, and the price is most definitely right.My mouth is already watering for my next visit!
4	We were making a long drive from Reno through Vegas to Phoenix. A fourteen hour drive (just in case you were curious). We got to Vegas just about in dinner time and wanted something light, fresh, fun, and laid back to gear us up for the next leg. We found Sushi Loca in our hunt and got exactly what we were looking for. The cuts of fish were nice and think in both the tuna rolls and the Philadelphia roll. We didn't try any of the signature rolls, but they had some really awesome names and I would give them a go next time we are in town. We also shared the Tempura dinner - really great. Not too greasy, nice crisp and again - fresh. I appreciated the caliber of food with the really relaxed environment. Specially in Vegas which seems to be full of over priced and over dressed restaurants.
3	It's in my hood, but never tried it until now. They recently have extended their hours on some nights to 2am so we went for some late noshing. They have a roll menu, a full menu, a late night menu so we ordered something from each. Tako Yaki from the late night ($4.95, 5 pcs)- the batter was great, crisp outside and the inside has a soft gooey consistency but not mushy. There is a big problem though- where was the tako? My first ball had none at all. The second did but it was small and same with the following balls. I took a picture to show you the biggest piece of tako I got next to the size of the ball. Just sayin' it's not crispy balls of dough, it's key word is tako so if you make it, please put it in. Shame,  their batter texture is spot on. Final Fantasy 2 roll (inside- spicy soft shell crab, tempura, cucumber. outside is more spicy soft shell crab and mixed fish- $12.95) as you can see from the pic, the roll is pretty filled. It was good, but it wasn't a "fantasy". I appreciate the sauce was a happy medium between a light ponzu and spicy mayo sauce and served on the side so the roll doesnt sog. Hibachi Beef ($13.95)- diced ribeye with zucchini, mushrooms and onions on a sizzling plate w/ a citrus sauce. The meat was good, soft and juicy and veggies were fresh. Came with rice, miso soup-a tad salty for me, and salad- good dressing thats a cross between ginger dressing and thousand island but the greens were swimming in it.The service was pretty good. The look of the place is very cool, nicely decorated, but the ambiance isn't quite there because of how dirty the booth is. I put a picture up of the wall next to me with black smudges. It's probably stupid kids getting a hold of the sushi menu pencils they leave on the table with stupid parents who don't know how to keep their kids proper, but you should clean that up. Also, the booth is a cool color of microsuede, but the problem with that is you get it smudged and it looks so dirty....there was caked on sauce smudge at the end of the booth where the BF was sitting. I was gonna get a picture, but I didn't need my flash to go off under the table and making me ousted since were the only people left before closing. Sure, I've eaten at dives, hole in the walls that are grimy but if you have this nice of a place I would think maintaining it's nice character should be a given.The food was good, but nothing I would say set this above and beyond other sushi spots....A-OK food. New Years Eve just past, I did my deep cleaning but Loca didn't. BF and I agreed that 3 stars is being very fair.
5	Sushi Loca is one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas. Your food is terrific and the service outstanding. However, the other day I had lunch with you and the music (hip-hop and rap) was inappropriate for a restaurant. I'll try again, but if this continues, you will have lost a regular customer.
5	Hubby and I were in the mood for sushi and thought we'd check this place out, with our 2 kiddoes, because it's close to our house.. And we're so glad we did! We ordered the "Fat Ass" roll recommended by other Yelp reviewers and holy cow! It was yumm-o! We also ordered the lunch special which was a great size serving for a very reasonable price. And for the kids we ordered their 2 item combo for $8.95! Kids loved it! The people were all very nice, great service, and great music. We will definitely be coming back for sure!
5	This was mine and my husband's all time favorite sushi spots in Las Vegas! We lived close by so we were very happy when we found this place. My favorite dish was the tuna poki!! It's served with seaweed salad mixed in and onions, The tuna was always fresh!! We are the raw fish kind of sushi eaters so freshness is very important to us...Another thing about this place is the name of their rolls...they have a roll called "Taste like my Ex Girlfriend" we always get a kick out of it when the waitress brings it out to our table. Great place, great vibe and great service!! Can't wait to go back...
3	Generally when I go somewhere new,  especially for sushi, I leave with at least some type of memorable moment of the meal that allows me to write a review. This is not one of those times.My only memories of Sushi Loca are the fact that it doesn't have an identity. It has the design and decor of a trendy upscale restaurant, with a menu that looks like it was written by a horny 15 year old boy. Some of the rolls have ridiculously perverted names for no reason. Oh, and they were playing 90's rock which just confused the shit out of me.The food? As I mentioned before, it was less than memorable. My favorite part of the meal happened to be the free pre-meal sample of a cucmber salad that was really enjoyable. The sushi itself was fresh but the flavor combinations just seemed a bit confusing and overly ambitious. I'll stick to Naked Fish and Sen of Japan for my daring sushi choices.
5	Great service. I always sit at the sushi bar and the chefs are very entertaining. I love the modern Asian music they play here, the atmosphere is great. My faves are the Final Fantasy 2 (O.M.G) and that they have a great spicy salmon roll. I love salmon rolls and they are hard to find. :D Truthfully, Ive yet to try a roll that wasn't fantastic here.
4	My favorite sushi place in Las Vegas. What can I say that hasn't already been said? Nothing it has definitly earned it's great reputation.o
4	Great atmosphere..awesome sushi!!
5	Our ALL TIME favorite sushi spot! Everything about this place is great! I have never met a menu item I didnt like.The fish is always fresh. Never disappointed! Staff is extremely friendly, entertaining and attentive. Modern "sexy" atmosphere. Fun and definitely different names for their sushi rolls, who ever made the menu had a sense of humor, just dont let your child read it. Hehe.Favorite sushi roll there: kiss of fire. DELISH!
5	I never liked Sushi before I came here!! The staff is great and the menu is hilarious!! the waitresses all have a great sense of humor and now I am loving sushi from this place!! Jap lasagna is my all time favorite!! We go atleast 1or2 times a month!! Great prices and great taste... thats all I need in my life :D
5	My favorite!!  The atmosphere and employees are only shadowed by the great food!  Wish I could go every week.
4	Amazing sushi! The food is always fresh, nicely plated, and freaking delicious! The only reason for a 4 out of 5 star rating is the customer service. I enjoy the enthusiasm and  interaction of the sushi chefs, but not the fact that sometimes they do a couple too many sake bombs with the customers and cause me to wait 30 minutes for one roll when everyone else at my table is already done eating. Yeah. True story. When my friend asked the waiter what was taking so long for my roll, he responded, "sorry, they're a little drunk." Now, don't get me wrong, I still go there every chance I get! I have feeling that after a few more visits, I'll be upping them to a 5 star rating! Go check it out and enjoy!
5	Taste like your ex gf...yummy!! Teriyaki Steak app is bomb too!! Been craving this all week..can't wait.
5	All time favorite family favorite Sushi! Our three favorites, Kiss of Fire, Loca Special, Put Your Hands Up. I am very picky about the freshness of my fish and I have never been disappointed.
5	No better place in town ! Simply the best.
2	Gotta say.. why all the boss reviews? I just moved down from Seattle.. so maybe I have had too much good Asian food up there.. but this seemed average.. The miso.. Ranch 99 instant.. I am telling u.. it was good but I don't even think it was homemade.. Tasted instant.. Food was super average and very plain. Only way to excite my taste buds was rubbing wasabi on everything.. thats not very exciting either.. I don't know.. sushi chefs seemed cool.. waitress was like a dead fish.. lol.. prior to being chopped into sushi.. no expression and so bla bla bla..  probably not going to repeat..
5	I LOVE the Pearl Special and Tastes Like My Ex Girlfriend...
4	With not many Japanese options over here in the Centennial area - Sushi Loca is my savior. They have great deals on their lunch specials- for a little over $8.00 you get rice, salad, miso soup, gyoza, and 2 choices of either chicken karage, chicken,beef or salmon teriyaki, shrimp or veggie tempura or pork\chicken katsu. I like the salad dressing here- it's like an orange ginger citrus dressing- Yummy!!!A real positive is that the chicken katsu is made with chicken breast- I just wish the chicken karage was made using chicken breast as well....Last night the BF and I decided to try some sushi rolls-Taste like my ex-girlfriend, Jackpot and Japanese Lasagna #2 -All were yummy and filling....The Japanese Lasagna #2 was only different from a regular Japanese Lasagna roll because they added scallops under all the gooey ooey eel sauce and cream cheese- Yeah Boy!!!!! Good Stuff!!!***So, here's a little tid bit for parents of kids who are of reading age  - pretty much all the rolls listed on the menu and the t-shirts of the sushi chefs all say phrases that leave kid's asking "Why does it say that?" So, be ready to honestly explain or pretty much lie - you're the parent , it's up tp you. But, they will ask!!!***I like the decor in here - it's trendy but still comfortable.Thank Heavens Sushi Loca is near my work or I don't know what I would do....
5	I've been ignoring this sushi place coz of the mexican word in its name. Why a sushi place got a mexican name? But I found it in yelp and it got a good reviews. So, I gave it a try. The sushi looks good, I love sushi place that makes presentable looking sushi (it means to me that they hire knowledge sushi maker). Not only the sushi looks good, the sushi are fresh and taste good as well. They have reasonable prices. I would recommend this place.
5	Gotta try 'Mucho Grande & Kiss of Fire" Love it Love it Love it!!
4	This is one of my top sushi places.  Once you go in they have good loud music and the waiters are so friendly.  The portions here are big.  The first time we came here we got 4 rolls and an appetizer and we could not eat it all.  Now that we are practically locals here we love to come after 11 they have late night happy hour, we get a large tuna poke ( which is in their happy our menu regularly it is like 14 dollars but after 11 it is 9 dollars) and we get house sake and beer this is also in their happy hour (buy one get one sake and beer).  My favorite rolls are the Loca special, I did your girl friend roll and the hot mess roll.
5	Double trouble and 68 are great. Great service and the rolls are big. The music was great and the decorations are cute. Will be going back in the future.
3	I have been here several times now,and the only time I have been disappointed was when I ordered take out. Other than that time I have always gotten good, and consistently fresh fish. You are welcomed by every staff member as soon as you walk into the restaurant. What I really enjoy is how fast our service was. As soon as we sat down we were brought a nice and refreshing cucumber salad. It was small and a great start. If there was one thing that turns me off with this sushi restaurant is the noise. It was and always is LOUD. The music is played way to loud,so everyone has to talk loud to be heard. I had the heart attack roll and it tasted really good,but would fall apart every time I picked it up. Minor inconvenience. Overall I still believe this is the best sushi restaurant in the northwest.
4	Best Japanese food I've found so far since moving to Vegas.  Really yummy fresh sashimi/sushi and really yummy entrees. Good atmosphere to boot...good for lunching with girlfriends as well as for going on dates. Top banana!
5	So we double dated at Sushi Loca the other night.I'm not gonna lie, I don't usually like sushi AT ALL. The whole raw fish thing, and especially the seaweed, never really sat well me. I only agreed to go here because 1. I wasn't the one payin haha. And 2. because I planned on ordering like hibachi steak or something.BUT! We ordered like five or six rolls and they were all equally amazing. There's nothing negative to say because all four of us thought that their sushi tasted super great! Raw fish, seaweed, and all!  I'm also a sucker for the house salad at sushi places, and their ginger dressing was def very yummy. Hope to visit Sushi Loca again soon. :]x
5	Two words: Fat Ass.Thats all I will write in this review.Now GO AND EAT!!!
4	This is probably the most fun and entertaining sushi bar I have ever been to. The staff is extremely friendly and fun, the sushi is out of this world, the rolls are out of control I can barely finish one roll. Just reading the menu is fun in its self. They have some of the craziest names for their sushi rolls!. I also love how large the restaurant is most sushi places I have been to are kind of tiny. Oh I suggest taking anyone whose birthday it is here they put on a nice little birthday scene.
5	Absolute favorite place to eat sushi! Everything I've ever eaten was good.. no complaints here.
4	This sushi is SO good!! I went 3 days in a row! The server took forever with the check but the food was so good we went back 2 more times!!! Try "The Jimmy Special" it's AMAZING!!!!
4	Okay - so I write reviews and rate places on what they are... Sushi Loca is a locals sushi restaurant and they do it well.I like it there.  It has a pleasing design.  It has a positive vibe to it.  It is super clean in there.  The service is very friendly.  Fair prices.Spicy scallop hand roll, Japanese lasagna and shared a few other rolls.  It was all good.  I know a lot of sushi purists will not like this place.  The sushi is basically geared towards well... you know -- round eyes.  It's kinda your sub-urban sushi place, but like I said they do a good a job.  They do have lewd names for some of the rolls there... kinda obnoxious... but hey.I noticed they have a late night happy hour... bogo drinks after 11:00.
5	Our friends took us here for dinner. Great decor and ambience, they played club music very loud. The servers were dressed in kimonos. The kitchen greated us loudly as we walked in! A very welcoming feeling. Ordered the lychee saki cold.. It came out in a wine bottle. It was soo good chilled!! Took notes to purchase additional for the house (: Order beef yokisoba(?) noodles, teriyaki beef, no pain no gain rolls, garake(?) chicken and I think it may have been the one night stand(?) rolls. Everything was delicious and the portions were very generous for a sushi house. I would not order the garake(?) chicekn again though. It was dried fried chicken over a bed of shreded cabbage -was not very enticing. Great restaurant, atmostphere, service, food!! 5 stars is a mos def. Their late hours are great! Hard to find something that opens that late w/ great food off the strip. Will be taking family and friends back (:
5	Absolutely best sushi in town. My husband and I have visited many places in town for sushi and we havent found any place that even comes close. The menu has such a wide variety that you can sit there all night and order roll after roll! The staff at the sushi bar are always hilarious so I highly suggest sitting at the sushi bar. We went to Maui, Hawaii on our honeymoon and asked everyone in town where the best sushi was. We expected it to top any sushi we have ever had and we left wishing we just had sushi at Sushi Loca! The atmosphere is alot of fun. It makes our date nights great. The pricing is reasonable but it is worth the variety or rolls and sake.
5	SUSHI LOVER'S REJOICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMG!!! WHERE DO I BEGAN L0L.... This restaurant is amazing!!!! First off... it is hands down one of my favorite places to eat at me and my fiance. The food is incredibly mouth watering here... and talk about freshness you can taste; the decor is very modern and elegant. And the atmosphere is ultra hip and inviting as well, they never skimp on the sizes of their sushi rolls, and you know you've found a really great spot when it's always a line headed out the door. Sushi Loca is a local's favorite; with great food and friendly staff... I am truly a fan of this restaurant... They're hands down one of the best sushi restaurant outside of the Las Vegas strip in town!
5	Best sashimi sampler with  and awesome rolls
4	Little skeptical about sushi restaurants in North Las Vegas area, but I must say I was pleasantly surprised by this place.  The music is lively (borderline clubbing music) and there's an upbeat atmosphere especially on the weekends.  They start off by giving you free cucumber salad (sumonono) and edamame!And the rolls are GINORMOUS, so you definitely are not overpaying for rolls if you think the prices are a little steep when you first look at the menu!!  The rolls are actually more creative than most places...Some stand out rolls were the oh my god roll...which has assorted seafood mixed with mochi (rice cake) on top! The other roll that stood out was the elvis roll with a yogurt sauce on top of seared salmon.  I think the only roll I wasn't too pleased with was the Neptune Dazzler...sounded good...but was drowned in a sauce to the point the rice was falling apart.   I haven't had a chance to try the sushi, but i saw the chefs prepping it and there are definitely large generous portions of fish.  Definitely a go to spot for people who live in the north and northwest area!
3	Overpriced for small portions. Don't get me wrong though the atmosphere of the place was very nice and modern. But I think I could've got a little more BANG FOR MY BUCK!! I would only go back here if someone else was paying. Sushi was good overall.
4	This place is so great!  Waiters and waitresses are really nice about a fifteen min or less wait for the food.. Fat ass and Into the night rolls are my favorite, there names are kinda obnoxious, but if your kids aren't reading the menu all is well!   Enjoyed this place a whole lot, definitely going back soon!
4	My cousin took us here.  He and his sister are regulars.  It was a good experience.  Great sushi rolls.  I loved my old favorite the japanese lasagna roll.  The wait staff are awesome.  There was a fun atmosphere.  I have to admit I was glad my mom wasn't with us because it was very loud and you know how she is!
4	We love the sushi here.  The fish is fresh, the service is usually quick, and you will leave very, very full.  Here are the only complaints: their music (club style) is always so loud that it is hard to have a conversation; and the names of some of their sushi rolls are vulgar and distasteful. C'mon people... Remember that kids also come into your establishment!
5	This place rocks!  When you walk in the sushi chefs start yelling something at you ... I've been there many times and can never figure out what the hell they are saying.  I'm assuming it's a cultural thing that the white man doesn't understand.  The rolls are phenomenal but you have to try the screaming orgasm.  It's rightfully named so make sure your wear protection, it's messy.  Very fun environment at the sushi bar as well.  The sushi chefs are a riot and can drink you under the table.  In fact they'll do sake bombs with you all night.One of the better sushi places in Vegas for sure!!!
5	Had Valentine's day dinner here last night. Place was packed but the staff kept it under control; at least while we were there. Food was excellent as usual. "My Okinawa, Japan replacement" - miss that place!
3	Ordered the chicken Katsu and beef teriyaki lunch and I did your girlfriend roll to go. the chicken was dry but the beef made up for it. The roll was alright. I liked the sauce that came with it. Its different. I wouldnt mind trying their other rolls. Just reading the description makes me drool. The names are funny!
5	This is definitely my fave sushi bar. This is place is POPPIN'. It has a great upbeat ambience, and I always receive great service here from the sushi men and waitresses alike. Let's take this review step by step. APPETIZERS: I always like to start off with the garlic edemame. It's a great way to start off your meal with a little miso soup. ENTREES: Their chicken habachi & seafood yakisoba has never disappointed! SASHIMI: Their sashimi has always been fresh for me. My favorites are definitely the halibut and yellow tail. You can never go wrong..ROLLS: Let's get to the fun part! If you like a little spice & kick, I definitely recommend the Kiss of Fire. The jalapenos give this roll a great kick. Tastes like my ex-girlfriend has a great blend of tastes and textures that make it an overall great roll. The two are definitely my favorite! Definitely my regular sushi joint and worth the trip for a girl from the westside!
4	The best place to get the "Americanized" sushi rolls. They have a lot of cream cheese, spicy ponzu sauces, and delicious screaming orgasm. The names on their menu is humorous, and I remember having my 21st birthday here. They served my party of 24 very well without any problems in splitting the bill. The waiters are very helpful!Their nigiri is sub-par and their soft shell crab is disappointing. Also the no AYCE hurts this place as well because I love nigiri and it always costs a lot to fill me up when I eat it!
4	For a local place that has been nothing but consistent I have to give it 4 stars. We like the food. I really have had nothing but great and good rolls. Never any yuck ones. It tends to get loud. And one friday night I swear we could've been in chuck E. cheese for the chaos of kids in there but you know what, if the place wasn't good, people wouldn't go at all. And yes, the names are cheezy. But, really, it's good. Slightly over priced but we have had many a good times there since it's been open!
4	Wow! I got smoked salmon sashimi and xxx roll. Everything tasted great. My friend got two standard rolls. One was yellowtail which was great. Other one I don't remember. He also got a specialty roll, didn't get the name was great as well. My only problem is that the specialty rolls are so big and can't eat them in one bite, so they fall apart, oh and had to let my salmon sashimi warm up, it was extremely chilled. But that's more of a preference for me. Some of the best sushi I've had, wish there was one similar to where I live. Though I do have a tendency to stay away from more americanized sushi, it's what it's known for and for good reason.
5	Wow!  One of the best sushi places in las vegas.Trendy decor, house music. Great place to take a date.I love a lot of the newer rolls with jalapeno, cream cheese, baked mayo etc..... and this place does them really well along with traditional cut rolls.  Their japanese dinners, with steak and chicken katsu are great as well.
4	I stopped in for a take out dinner the other night and have to give this place a great review.  The ambiance of the restaurant is very welcoming and the appearance is neat and clean.  The girl at the hostess station took my order right away and I only had to wait 10 minutes for my food, which was made right in front of me.  The service was friendly and the food was good - on par with every other sushi place I've been to.It is a little pricey, and some of the rolls have interesting names, but it's definitely worth a visit.
5	Amazing sushi! Lasanga roll and heartattack are my favorite! Everything tastes soo fresh!
5	Rolls were much bigger than expected. Much more filling too. Delicious! Very fun atmosphere, staff was great. Especially when they all stopped to do Dali bombs
5	Awesome!!!!! Never had bad service or food.  Prices are great.  Open till 2Am.
5	Best sushi place ever! only place in vegas that i know of that will do brown rice on their rolls! much healthier alternative!
1	Food is good, but this is one of those places where a lot of the rolls have sexual names; the sushi chefs wear tshirts with disgusting sexual phrases on them. Also, they don't take the digestive tract vein out of their shrimp. This grossed me out.
2	Not all you can eat. Sushi was ok.
2	Not a fan. They were quick to seat us. There is no hostess, but the servers direct you to your seating. She pointed at the booth down the way; did not guide us to our seating. We sat in a deep, comfy booth that could easily accommodate six fatties. On a Wednesday afternoon, my party of two was one of about four or five other parties present. Two servers, two sushi chefs, and some back of the house kitchen employees. Large sushi bar, seats about 18. The restaurant/ sushi bar takes up two units. It's a large beautiful space with soaring ceilings, nice decor, kept clean. The hanging pictures are tilted, but whatev. I ordered the "No Pain No Gain" roll (~14). Being that it is a Korean-manned sushi joint, more than half of the sushi rolls with have some spice element. If there's tuna, it will prolly be spicy tuna. If there's soft shel crab, it will prolly be spicy soft shell crab. The No Pain No Gain roll is one of them heart attack meals: spicy soft shell crab and cucumber, wrapped with tuna and slathered with scallops, krab, and spicy mayo, all then run through the baker device and served with a generous serving of some mystery spicy raayu (spicy oil) with mayo, green onions, and ponzu maybe?). But it was hardly spicy. I felt as though there was neither pain, nor gain. I also got a yellowtail collar (~$12?), which was beautifully cooked -- not over cooked, not at all dry -- served with a large portion of ponzu. The other person in my party got a California roll and one of those combo meals where you pick two items, also comes with miso soup, rice, and a salad. She picked teriyaki beef (nothing wrong there) and chicken karage (sic), which was near tasteless. The above listed items plus a mochi ice cream (2 pcs) came out to $44 before tip. The servers wear kimono-esque outfits. If you're a kimono/ yukata person, don't look directly at their outfits. Your eyes might sting a little (arm pit seams ripped out, poor excuse for obi, etc). But who cares, right? We don't eat yukata. The house plays club dance music. I didn't think it was too loud (previous reviews from other Yelpers indicate the contrary). The food was fine, but one of the two servers was just awful. The service killed the experience. She dropped food off with out a word, asked how everything was and walked away while we were responding. Then at the end of our meal, there was not a server in sight for a good seven minutes. They are open late (til 2a most nights?). #offthestrip #noncasino
2	We were seated quickly and our hostess was very friendly. I wanted to love this place based on other yelpers reviews, however, I want to say YOU LIED!!! This place was meh when it came to the atmosphere and the rolls weren't very tasty. I honestly gagged after eating about 4 rolls. As of that moment, I was done. If you must have sushi and nearby, I see as to why you would want to go. For me, however, never again. :(
5	We were in the neighborhood and wanted sushi and I went to Yelp to see what was in the area. This had 5 stars and was close. So we went.It's in a massive WalMart lot but it's pretty easy to see. The interior is nice, they have large velvet booths, they have tables and you can also sit at the sushi counter. We had many different servers and I was a little confused as to who was really in charge of our order. Nothing bad happened, I was just confused. I think that all of the waiters/bussers hit every table and maybe at the end of the night they split the tips? I don't know, but we had 4 people give us our drinks and food.All of the sushi names are raunchy and sexy. It was fun. The food came so fast I felt like I was in a drive-thru but it was fresh and delicious so I wasn't complaining!Will definitely come back.Oh yeah, don't you hate it when you go into a sushi restaurant and it is adequate to good, and you're thinking to yourself that it is a nice little place and then you go to the restroom and it's down this long, dingy hallway and you have to walk by the kitchen and see the employees and the bathroom itself is cheap and dirty?Well this is not like that at all!!!! I love sushi restaurants, all restaurants for that matter, that actually care about their bathrooms. Thank you for having a clean hallway and a hallway that doesn't pass by an open kitchen. Thank you for having a stylish and clean bathroom with more than one toilet.                   (It's the little things that make me happy)
2	The servers walk around like lost puppies.I don't understand the need for sexually explicit names for items on the menus or the attire. The decor of this restaurant is so upscale, but the uniforms of the staff is like a beer barn or something.The sushi was okay, I've had better.We won't be back.
5	LOVE this place! We have been coming here for 3 years and it is always great. Sit at the Bar and ask for Charlie, he is the best. Sushi is the freshest we've had away the strip and the vulgar names of the rolls don't bother us at all.......Have a sense of humor! The staff that work here are the friendliest we have ever had at any Asian Cuisine Restaurant. They will always hook you up on your Birthday or Anniversary!
4	You have to get the Jackpot. So good...and I like the music.  Japanese beer on tap is good as well.  The chicken yakisoba is good as well...veggies were really fresh.
5	Absolute favorite sushi restaurant. Me and my boyfriend really enjoy going here. Great atmosphere and yummy sushi! Rolls are big and leaves us full and satisfied!
5	By far my favorite sushi place in town!  The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is great, and the fish is awesome! I can't say enough great things about this place. I try and eat here as often as possible.
5	I absolutely love this place. It's located in a strip mall, so away from the hustle of the strip, but once you come inside it has a coll, trendy ambiance with a club feel because they always play music that makes you want to dance. Such a great vibe! And how can you not love this place with their rolls with names like 'I Love My Ass,' 'I Did Your Girlfriend,' '68 and I Owe You One' and 'Taste Like My X-Girlfriend.' No wonder they call themselves Sushi Loca! Love their Extraordinary Roll selection. This is a must try for locals.
2	Its aiight, nothing to rave about. Only go if you are in the vicinity. I have visited 3 times, hoping it would get better each time, but no. The sushi was not very tasty, even the simple easy stuff. The spicy tuna, not even spicy, no taste at all. I ordered that only after spitting out the supposed, specialty rolls. The service, rushed, and not personable. The hot green tea tasted like mop water. Do yourself a favor and keep driving.
3	Ok more of a 3.5 star sushi joint. Nothing I had was mindblowing.
4	One of the reasons I love coming to my mother's house is that it is close to suishi loca! Of course anyone can say that they have had better suishi, especially when you go to Japan or something like that.  However, I would happily eat suishi loca any day.  I only wished that they had their menu online showing the actual prices.  I am the type of person who likes to know how much I may be spending before I go to the place, but it seems so common nowadays that restaurants won't post their menus with prices online anymore in order to make sure not to lose someone.  I find this current practice  a bit shady, especially when you go to the restaurant and find out that each specialty roll is at least $13- $20 per roll. Yes Sushi Loca I am calling you out for posting a menu with no prices on your website, shame on you!
3	Ok sushi bar that is nice and clean inside but doesn't have anything to separate it from the competition. The prices are high as well.
4	My mom and I just went here for lunch, and loved it. They have an awesome lunch special for 10$ that includes Miso soup, four fish rolls, and your choice of a roll. Really great deal! I got the Salmon roll, a fresh and tasty treat while my mom got the Spicy Crab roll- whoa, way good! They give you a huge mound of tangy ginger and wasabi, but they do not have a low sodium soy sauce option, at least not at the table. They have five desserts to choose from, awesome since most places I have been to only have about two or three. Can't wait to go back ad try a tempura roll!
3	Okay..I will try to be fair here with Sushi Loca.  Keep in mind, 3 stars doesn't mean that this place is horrible.  It just means Sushi Loca was just okay.Let's start with the restaurant and service.  This is one of the bigger sushi restaurants that you'll find out here. I dig the decor, colors, and huge sushi bar.  As for service, they strive at this as well.  I had zero issue with their service and ambiance. Good start so far. Now for what's important, the food.  I didn't try their $9.95 two-item lunch special, but this seemed to be the trend for every one else that was eating here.  By the looks of what people were eating, looks like a great deal with huge portions. I chose their fish only dishes which were their;-Yellow Tail and Salmon Sashimi:  Probably the highlight of my lunch. Fresh, not fishy, and thick slices of fishes.  Some people like their shashimi thinly cut, but it doesn't matter to me as long as it's tasty and fresh.  Sushi Loca got this right.-Spicy Tuna and Salmon Skin Hand Roll:  Compared to other sushi spots, these hand rolls are a lot bigger.  Regarding taste, I've had better.  -Taste Like My X-Girlfriend:  This is one of their Extraordinary Rolls (aka Yum Yum Rolls).  Regarding the name, which girlfriend are they talking about?  No but seriously, their Extraordinary Rolls had names like "Love My Ass", "I Did Your Girlfriend", "Taste Like My X-Girlfriend" and "Sex on the Beach".  The names are amusing, but not the type of menu that you give to your young kids to read.  I will dabble in a few Western Rolls every once in a while.  I only did it here because I was just curious.  The "Taste Like My X-Girlfriend" consist of shrimp tempura, crab, scallops, spicy tuna, and all of this was covered with their crunch sauce. I didn't think it was bad.  It just had too much going on.  If I get this next time, I will probably tell them to cut the crunch sauce and mayo. The food here isn't bad depending what you get. I'm not a fan of the rolls I got, but loved their shashimi.  But because this place lacked AYCE, I had to spend all I can spend.  Overall, nothing really special here at Sushi Loca. I spent close to $50 for the same quality that I could have gotten at Yummy, I-Naba, and Kazien at half the price.
4	we really like this place!  I've never been a big sushi fan but the food here is great!
3	Good sushi, large rolls, decent service
4	We were not very adventurous but what we had was very good.I had shrimp habachi with squash , Bill had shrimp and veg tempura. Both came with rice, soup and salad. All was very good. Atmosphere is fun, young, noisy, cheerful. Clean and efficient very fast service. All in all a great new find!
5	This is the place for our weekly "family sushi night". The fish is always fresh, the specials rolls are yummy and the service is awesome. We do like to try other sushi restaurants, but this is our "sushi home".Our favs: Cucumber Island, Salmon Roe Sushi, Philadelphia Roll, Final Fantasy's, Taste Like My X-Girlfriend
4	Our favorite place!  Love the food, love the staff.  Sushi chef Ryan even made a custom roll for me that is simply amazing!  The only cons are I don't care for their bento box lunch specials and don't try taking your parents there with the sexual innuendo roll names. If you're going to Sushi Loca for sushi, though, you're going to be happy.
4	I went here for the first time on Sunday. I'm usually picky about sushi places, but this place definitely exceeds expectations!First things first, the sushi here didn't make me sick, so that's a plus!I had the Spicy Crab roll and I found it to be very good, though it was a little lacking on the spicy part. Some of the names they have for the sushi is hilarious, but be aware, this isn't a good place for kids, because the names are somewhat provocative. i.e. the Tates-Like-My-Ex-Girlfriend Roll.I can see the humor in it, but your grandma might not. They also have a vast selection of sake here too, but the bottle. I got the blueberry sparkling sake and it was delicious!the waitresses and chefs were great and I would definitely come back here again!
3	9:30pm on a Saturday we came in with a group of friends.  Apparently because it was later in the evening (they close at 11) the mad rush before us wore them out and their energy level was at an all time low based on our past experiences.  First off the mood of the place wasn't as it usually was.  The music was down low (which usually is so bumpin by this time of night) and there wasnt any loud exciting greetings when we walked in the door as we have always had in the past. There were still quite a few people there being that it was later in the night which dwendled down the longer we were there.  We asked at the beginning that we have the bill separated accordingly which they said wasnt a problem.  We ordered some drinks and then ordered our first round of rolls etc.  The food came out timely.  Our first round of food was done and the plates occupied the whole middle of the table the rest of the time we were there chatting and finishing our drinks.  We would have loved to put some more orders in however the servers were MIA.  This was a big bummer because I was still hungry!!!  Grrr.When the bill came out it wasnt separated as discussed in the beginning.  Not to mention we didnt realize till we saw the bill that there were things we ordered that we never received but were charged for.  Carazay.  lol   So another 15 minutes trying to separate what everyone ordered and deleting the orders that we didnt receive etc...still all while the pile of dishes took up most the table.  My added pic says it all.Between all of us we all ordered a little bit of everything so too much to remember.  But there were no complaints about the food other than we didnt get all of what we ordered and we were still hungry.  The service is huge for this place though.  I've always thought the service made this place stand out from the others and maybe it was an off night for the crew.  Hopefully the next time I can put this back on the 4-5 stars which is expected.  The only reason for the 3 starts is their food is good!  And the past experiences have been good ones.  I'm hoping that the next visit will overshadow that last.
1	Having previously been a big fan of Sushi Loca, tonight's experience has left me mildly despondent. They may well be ok at making Americanized rolls with funky little names, but their skill with traditional sushi is woefully lacking.  Let's start from the beginning.  The ginger and wasabi came out looking a bit tired with slightly dry crusts forming on the edges (as if they had been prepped too long before being served), and the cucumber salad with vinegar and bits of imitation crab meat had obviously been left out judging by their room-temp warmth.  Ok...I was willing to let that slide.  I wanted traditional sushi tonight and ordered the following nigiri: tuna, tamago, cucumber, and ika.  The cucumber roll looked like a three-year-old rolled it up, and it fell apart with the many slivers of cucumber scattering on the first bite (why not just put a few, or even one chunk of cuke in there?).  The too-long piece of tamago was laid over about 25 grains of rice, and the seaweed 'ribbon' did nothing to hold it together because the egg bit was five times bigger than the rice...that was fine, it still tasted ok, even if it made me chuckle.  The tuna never showed up.  Oh, I also ordered the garlic chili edamame, which was overcooked to limp greyish death, a bit like the Christmas Brussels sprouts that an English granny might serve, and the husks kind of broke up and came away along with the beans as my teeth tried to pull just the soybeans away.  And so to the ika, usually my very favorite nigiri!  Hmm...it wasn't really bright white...it was a bit yellowy beige, like lightly coffee-stained teeth.  Eww, what was that about?  *sniff* P-U.  Being 1/2 Okinawan and having lived in Okinawa and mainland Japan, and loving sushi, and knowing about the properties of fresh fish products (one of which is that it does not smell like anyone's ex-girlfriend), I knew that fresh ika was not supposed to smell like (I will refrain from being even more graphic than their funky sushi roll names and just say) THAT. This was not the worst part.  When I explained to the lady who asked if everything was ok that no, the ika was old, she told me it was fresh from their supplier today.  I told her I didn't care when she got it or from where and that it was way off and asked her to smell it.  She smelled it and told me that was how it was supposed to be and that's what raw squid is like.  I don't blame her for trying...she had no idea if I'd ever eaten sushi before and may have assumed me to be a raw fish virgin (it transpired in the back-and-forth that she only eats the cooked stuff there, so maybe she just didn't know herself what ika is supposed to be like).  I dread to think what illness I would have contracted had I taken her word for it and eaten the stinky raw squid.  She again said she just got it fresh and repeated that it was good. "YOU can eat it then," I suggested and even managed to smile. "I'm not touching it, and I'm not paying for it."  After I *finally* convinced her that it was indeed off, she became apologetic and assured me that she was going to complain to her supplier and even offered me another Asahi and dessert, but I frankly think a restaurant should take full responsibility for what it serves, and this was too little too late.She took the rotting ika and the never-even-arrived tuna off the bill (well, break out the champers!).  I feel like a bit of a sucker for paying for any of it at all, but by then I was already feeling awkward for having complained (I know it was a valid complaint, but it's still not nice when confrontation becomes necessary, especially when the staff make it more awkward than it ought to be), and I was ready to just high-tail it out of there.  If they were willing to serve me manky old squid and then try to defend it, who knows what other ickiness they would put on my table?  Confidence totally blown for me.    From 4 stars to 1 star in one fell swoop.  Sayonara, Sushi Loca!   :(
3	We have eaten at Sushi Loca probably 10 times in the past 12-18 months. In general, we have always had a good experience (good food, good service, prompt food delivery).  But, my experience tonight, in combination with other recent reviews, leads me to wonder about the future of Sushi Loca. We entered the establishment at 10 pm on a Saturday and encountered a low energy vibe (low music, an absence of the traditional loud, jovial greetings).  We placed our order. Thirty minutes later, still no food.  After seeing food served to several tables around us who had arrived after we did, we asked our waitress about our missing food.  She didn't really give us a response but simply said, "Oh yes, it is coming out."  When it did arrive, only half of the items that we ordered were served.  She later corrected the mistake but never apologized. My husband and I concluded that she simply lost the order. In short, food is decent.  But service and vibe is below average.  I don't know if we will be returning again.
3	Great food but they need more servers. Service takes forever
5	Great Sushi!  Large portions and the service is excellent!
4	This place is Awesome!!!!!!!!! The service is beyond great. Very polite and accommodating. The sushi is some of the best. My daughter who's picky ate the teriyaki beef like it was her last meal. She loved it. Trendy, hipster feel with the remix dance versions of popular songs. Very clean. Go get you some sushi!!!
2	Ordered the short rib special that wasn't the word cheap by any means, as the taste was ok, however was chewy, very chewy...In addition before sitting down to eat we had a little conflict getting a table as someone got seated ahead of us...When this place get's busy, these people are overwhelmed...Service goes down hill, waitresses have "hurry up what you want attitudes"...Floors were filthy, bathroom's not bad, wrong door knobs used for commercial bathrooms...We have been here 3 times, not sure if were going back...No where to park as well on Friday nights...
4	It seems like I am in the northwest more often than normal nowadays. With that being said, I thought it was about time to roam around the area to find restaurants I have not eaten at yet. Sadly, Summerlin is plagued by chain restaurants galore. Good thing Centennial and Providence are starting to develop up. Sushi Loca is not an AYCE place, but they do give generous cuts on their fish. The restaurant looked to be packed after a few moments of walking in. Luckily, we avoided the mad rush in and were seated promptly. Even though it was my first time here. I ordered sushi like I was at my regular haunts. I threw out orders like hirame with jalapeno, tako with a lemon slice, and it was all prepared decently well. My only complaint is the overuse of sauce. Sometimes less is more. The texture of the rice is good. I can't speak about the flavor since most of it was overdressed. The fish were all delicious. With how busy they are, the turn over must be quick.
2	My girlfriend is from japan and she probably ate more sushi than the amount of rice i've eaten in my life. Half of the time, she can tell whether the sushi is fresh or not simply by looking at it.So.....She was gonna give it a 0 star if it was possible. She wanted some bento box and I wanted some sashimi really bad. We decided not to go to Sushi Koma or Sushi Goyemon, our to go sushi spot, but instead opting to try sushi Loca. First of all, this place is Korean perhaps with Japanese owners. This is perfectly fine as Sushi Koma is Korean too. But omg my gf's bento box was horrendously bad. HORRENDOUSLY BAD! It doesn't look/taste/anything like a Japanese bento box. My girlfriend failed to eat even 1/4 of what was in it. It was just  fried chicken with absolutely no taste. I had sashimi and nigiri. I would give it about 3 stars. Rice was definitely not to the standard of a good sushi spot. What's more crazy is my girlfriend thinks their tuna isn't really tuna. It tasted funny to me but I thought it was, we leave that to you to make the call. One thing though, I am a master scallop dude, their scallop was not fresh, period! Dried and tasteless.I probably not gonna go back again. I rather drive 30 minutes to go to sushi Koma for fresher better sushi.
2	This is the closest sushi place to my house and it is not good. Iv'e given it about three tries, each time there is a issue with service and the fish just isn't good. I drive down to my old stomping grounds near Sahara to Sushi Fever when I want decent sushi.
1	My wife and I have been to Sushi Loca twice.  The first time we were not very impressed.  The sushi was okay; nothing to brag about.  Also, both the waitress and hostess were rude and slow to serve.However, I am one who believes in second chances.  Months later, I went in a second time where we sat at the sushi bar for our meal.  We got our first couple of rolls, and as I started eating a cockroach crawled by me on the counter.  It then crawled over the glass barrier to where the raw fish is kept (the same fish they served me).  Not wanting to make a scene, I called the sushi chef over and pointed out the bug.  He immediately squished it like it was nothing and apologized.  Our appetites were pretty destroyed after this, but trying to be forgiving and polite, we finished our food and asked for the check.  They brought us the check for full price and did not compensate us for what had happened, although the waitress did apologize when she brought the check.Being frequent sushi eaters, I will say I have never been so disgusted.  Sushi Loca customers, beware.  We should have left the moment we saw that cockroach crawl by my plate, but we tried to ride it out.  This I regret.
2	This place used to be really awesome now lately it just sucks.The food is good but service sucks butt! No joke I gave it so many tries and it just seems like this place is just slowly down grading itself. I knew service was bad here but I figured maybe give it another go.:( Man was that a bad Idea. I order a spicy yellowtail roll and a eel  bento entree. My date order the salmon collar app and a beef hibachi entree.So we knew collars take forever to come out so we ordered that first before even deciding what entrees we wanted. So the spicy yellowtail came out, and man that thing was the ugliest sushi I've ever seen. It was so half-ass made. The rice wasn't even sticking together the fish look so odd o.O it felt like a gamble to eat. So then we got our soups that comes with the entree and I didn't even get to take a sip of it and my entree came out super fast and my date is left waiting for his for about 7 mins or so and I had to starting eating my food before it got cold. Now, were basically almost done eating and our collar never came. So I ask about how much longer, she had the balls to say I never ordered it! Are you serious that was the first thing I ordered after the drinks. And surprisingly it's nothing new they forgot my beer before and didn't even remember till I was done eating AND I had to ask for myself.This place needs some serious 9-1-1 server training!I don't think I'm ever coming back again. I was so mad I was just like give me the check already.
5	If you love Sushi, this is your place.  great food and fresh, love the name of the items and plates.  High energy place. The place is always jumping.   Service is great too, even when busy.
2	Quality has went downhill at this place. Met with a friend for lunch. Ordered the Gyoza app, and the sushi lunch special. Friend ordered caterpillar roll and spicy tuna roll. Everything came out at the same time! I only ate two pieces of my sushi, because the tuna was sooo salty. I never used my soy sauce! My friend couldn't finish hers either. Talked to one of the many staff about the disgusting tuna. Staff walked up to the sushi bar told the chef, he shrugged and never once looked up to apologize or ask if we wanted anything else. I lived in Japan for four years, so I am fully aware of all the varieties out there with sushi. I have never had sushi that salty! This experience was the last straw for me and a lot of my friends. Now on the hunt for new sushi bars in the north!
1	We just got take out and we were very disappointed with the quality and taste of our rolls and edema me that tasted very very old. 5 different roll and none of them were good. We are a family that loves sushi  and when there are left overs you know something is wrong. Northwest Vegas sushi restraunts have all went downhill from a few years ago.
2	This used to be my favorite sushi restaurant but in the past five years that I have been coming here, the quality and service has declined considerably over the past couple years. The plates and cups are all chipped. The wait for to-go orders, even ones that have been called in is longer than if you had eaten a meal at the restaurant. The sushi doesn't taste bad, but it doesn't taste as fresh as it used to. The few times I have eaten toro here, it has been rather stringy. I dont recall getting complimentary edamame the last time I came. Oh, and there was a hair in my sushi roll last time I was here. I love the Candy Roll, but that isn't enough to bring me back. Get it together Sushi Loca! I miss coming here.
4	Hands down this is the best Japanese restaurant in Northwest Las Vegas. They not only have a huge sushi bar, but they also serve my favorite Japanese dishes. Great atmosphere, friendly staff and clean. The food is really fresh and really good. However, ever since the Olive's Garden opened next door, there are now twice as many customers as before, which translate to waiting a bit before getting a table during peak hours.
1	Sigh.. This restaurant may be the very reason why I never eat shrimp at a restaurant again. I went for sushi with of a couple of girlfriends last night. I'm not brave enough to eat raw fish, so I usually go for shrimp tempura. I order the appetizer, which came with 4 pieces of shrimp and mixed veggies. The food came fast and was hot. After biting into my second piece of shrimp, a long vein (poop) fell out of the shrimp remaining in my hand. I have never been so disgusted! I cut into the remaining two pieces, and poop was in abundance. At this point, I'm finding it difficult to not puke on the bar. I ate poop! We notified the waitress, and she revealed that the shrimp came already prepared. $10 for frozen shrimp tempura is pretty expensive. She took away my plate with three of my four pieces of shrimp, and offered free ice cream. We passed.. It was cold and rainy outside. My check came, and I was charged for the meal. I was kind of shocked! I called the next day to speak to a manager, and a lady named "G" reluctantly offered to give me my money back. She never apologized, but seemed upset that I less than thrilled about being served dirty shrimp. I would never dine here again.. Tragic experience!
1	Terrible! The food was bad to put it kindly & the service was somehow even worse. My boyfriend will tip 20% or more no matter what, however when he looked at me & said "you can fill the tip section" I knew his food was just as bad as mine. The dirty dishes remained on the table the duration of our meal even though the apps were done  (when I say done I don't mean completed) before the entrees were delivered. The shrimp hibachi was greasy & room temp... The list goes on and on but to make a long story short. Save yourself the money & aggravation.
3	**Summary**       - No AYCE - There's no AYCE, so it's all a la carte.       - Decor - The inside of this place looks amazing and great for a date.       - Rolls - Their rolls names are a little more interesting than your average sushi place. They're priced a little higher, but they're worth it.       - Non-sushi - From the limited I tried, I wouldn't bother.       - Chinese - Other than Ohjah, I think this is only the second Chinese run sushi place. Most are run by Koreans.**Ordered**       - $12.95 Final Fantasy 2 - Assorted fish wrapped in shrimp tempura and spicy soft shell crab crumbles with a dipping sauce. This was the roll they suggested, and it's the only reason I'm giving this place a passing mark. It was one of the best rolls I've had. I really like how you can dip the sushi yourself to control how much ponzu sauce you like. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-loca-las-vegas?select=x1CV1RcERUTAxN0Vru3TlA#x1CV1RcERUTAxN0Vru3TlA)       - $9.95 Dynamite - Shrimp/scallop/mushroom/rice cake slices based over rice. It was nice that the shrimp and scallops were pieces from a larger shrimp/scallop unlike other places that give you mini scallops. However, there seemed to be about 3 or 4 slices of scallop compared to the 15-20 slices of rice cake. Also, this is probably the first time I had Dynamite ontop of rice. I assumed the rice was there to fill space? (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-loca-las-vegas?select=qOBq-CHIQRMxSiF0BJZ0Pw#qOBq-CHIQRMxSiF0BJZ0Pw)       - $9.95 Lunch Special - You pick two items with soup/salad/rice/goyoza. I got the Beef Teriyaki and Chicken Karage. The beef was in a sliced steak form, but a little think. The chicken was breaded too much for my taste and lacked flavor. The ginger/garlic flavor was too mild and I ended up dipping the chicken in my teriyaki sauce. Overall, a good deal, but definitely not getting the Karage next time. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-loca-las-vegas?select=Z_nsPce_4do4YAK5Vqo6tw#Z_nsPce_4do4YAK5Vqo6tw)       - $9.95 Beef Yakisoba - Noodles were thinner than I expected and it was lacking flavor. I'm ashamed to say it, but this was the first time I had to pour soy sauce on my noodles. Furthermore, you can see from the picture there's almost no beef slices in the dish. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-loca-las-vegas?select=i0lPvmbwWCMZwhQ5P2wY2w#i0lPvmbwWCMZwhQ5P2wY2w)**Recommendations**       - I'm hesitant to recommend this place. The non-sushi I tried was not impressive but the sushi rolls are delicious.
4	Have been here a few times, great place with really nice decor. The sushi we've had has always been fresh and well done. Great names for the rolls too. One side note, we have used this place twice to cater large parties with take out and they really do a nice job.
5	Nice and quiet place. The sushi was really good. Staff was very friendly. I recommend the Crazy Horse. My husband tried sushi for the first time and liked it. Best vegetable fried rice... EVER! Definitely coming back.
5	I live in the northwest and absolutely love this place. The sushi is fresh, delicious, and its the best in town that I've found. The staff are friendly, attentive and its a fun atmosphere. I really enjoy coming here, I have never been let down. We have tried almost everything on the menu and it is all good all the time.  I highly recommend it!
5	Great place for sushi! Every time I've been here the food is fresh and delicious. Would definitely recommend to family and friends :)
4	I've only had the pleasure to eat here just once.  Now that I have that out of the way, here goes nothing.   I ordered Hitachi Steak, Chicken Fried Rice, and the Heart Attack Rolls.  The Hibachi Steak was nothing short of perfect.  The Ribeye steak was cooked to medium perfection, and was tender and full of beefy, fatty, goodness.  The Chicken fried rice was good, but lacked chicken meat.  I've had better elsewhere.  The Heart Attack rolls were good, and we are them all with the quickness, but I think I want spicy rolls next time I visit.  All in all, this place is good, and I can't wait to come back!
1	A friend and I went here about 11:00 on a Saturday nite to get some late nite sushi. I believe the roll I ordered was called the double down. Sounded good on the menu but when it got served it looked like some fear factor  challenge. Tasted like it too. Ordered a spicy tuna hand roll and it was better than the roll but not much. Edamame and the miso soup were the best things I ordered and def was not worth the price. The music they played was the worst playlist of songs I ever heard and I noticed it even more Bc the food was so horrible and it was kind of an appropriate soundtrack to the meal
2	Service could really use some improvement. Maybe a smile or two would be great. I mean, it was our first time and we definitely smiled at her & she enthusiastically (not) walked us to a booth.Anyway, thought the food would save the icky service but I was wrong. It was.. alright. Nothing special & I've definitely had better. I ordered the Sizzling Beef Hibachi.. which was definitely not sizzling when it got to our table. Actually, it wasn't even warm, except for the rice. Also, my supposed-to-be sizzling plate barely had meat. I'm sure I didn't order Veggie Hibachi. Sigh. Food wasn't terrible but it wasn't anything special & portions were ehhh. I probably won't be back. Oh well.. on to the next Japanese spot.
4	best sushi in this area. i've tried going to other places around centennial hills but nothing is as fresh as this place. plus its across the street from our house, so convenient for late night sushi cravings
1	Ok not to be a dick but go here ATLEAST once a week spend 50 or so everytime went with my family on a Sunday night ordered my usual we get now not to talk bad about the food but THE SERVICE IS HORRIBLE NOW!!!! ordered about 6 rolls and found a 2 inch long hair in my roll then complained about it bill came out to be $130 now I was not expected a compt bill but HALF off ATLEAST being a regular who pays the bills at that place!!! Manager on duty said nothing can be done but just 1 roll?!?! I work at I high end place where multi mill people come in all the time and we ALWAYS show customer hospitality bill comes out to be 100 still. Will never go back will never have my business again and I'm not the type of person to ever right a review on a place it is what it is but with my family there and having them witness what happened and how we were treated as in cooks laughing in the back at us not happening again. Save your money save your appetite and dine somewhere else it ain't worth the headache!!!!
5	I have waited places for 45-50 minutes at sushi places with really nothing that great. Sushi Loca on the other hand.. TOTALLY different experience. Always seat right away and the place is always packed, loud music, super upbeat vibe, the later it gets in the evening the crazier it gets. The sushi is the best I've had anywhere. I am SO picky but have never been disappointed!!! The Pear Special? HELLO. Amazing. The Jackpot, Taste like my Ex-Girlfriend. its all so good. If your in the area its worth the stop!!!
5	Every time I walk away from a meal here, I'm satisfied.  The staff is great, the food is fresh and the environment is fun.  The food comes out pretty quick and their drink list is good as well.
1	Went on the 15th of March--a Saturday night around 6:30 p.m.Sounds like the reviews outpace this establishment and it was no where close to the 4-stars it has cumulatively received over time.Pro- relatively quick service- sushi....prepared better than most placesCons- miso soup....cool to the taste!- hot green tea....room temperature!- tempura udon noodle soup....tap water warm and seemed like tempura was previously cooked(frozen?!?) and then warmed up- steamed rice....room temperature - music....EXCEPTIONALLY loud!!!!  Could not have had a conversation with the person sitting across from you in the booth.  Asked them nicely to turn it down even a little and it didn't matter to them one iota- air conditioning....set for the workers and not the patrons---jacket/sweater worthy conditionsThis is the last ever visit to sushi Loca as its worth driving to a place that truly cares about its customers and not just the bottom line.  It's too bad because there are very, very few sushi places on the north/northwest side of town.
1	I didn't read the reviews until after I had ordered. And to no surprise we were seriously disappointed with everything. The three rolls we ordered were all kinda just like mush, the calamari appetizer was flavorless and their tempura breading wasn't good either. We also ordered several pieces of sashimi of which the mackerel had bones in it and the waitress didn't seemed too concerned. The disappointment grew when our bill was 120 dollars. Terrible experience all around.. Yuck!
4	Absolutely love this place... Never fails in quality, taste or experience. The rolls are probably the best I've had in town and the atmosphere is quite interesting! Plus the name of the rolls themselves is quite amusing.
2	I've been here before and the food was ok and since this place is local I decided to try one more time just in case I missed something, but now I'm really turned off by this place. The quality is not good; wasabi and ginger plate I received was all dried up, the cucumber salad they served tasted like it was prepared a couple of days ago and to top it off, when the guy served us the cucumber salad he had one finger in the salad ( not cool ). I sat at the bar and asked the guy making sushi what he suggested to eat, he grabbed the menu from me to point something out then went back to making the sushi roll without washing his hands. MENUS CAN BE ONE OF THE FILTHIEST  THINGS IN A RESTAURANT. Another thing, the batter on the tempura shrimp looked and tasted old. After all that I ate my sushi rolls with some hesitation. There are other sushi places  that trump this place so  from now on I will drive further and even pay more to get better quality. Just gave them 2 stars:1 star cause the people were nice and1 star cause food did not make me sick.
2	Food was tasty.  Didn't like the roaches living in the crack between the fridge case and the sushi bar scurrying inches from my plate. Its dark in there so you may not notice but they have a bad roach infestation.
5	Best sushi ever. The "jackpot" is to die for and the "ohh she was 17" also amazing. I'm not a die hard sushi fan because I guess I've never had amazing sushi. This place is so good. Fast and friendly service. Take note $20 or less and you have to pay cash. My friend and I wanted to split the check but couldn't because I didn't bring cash. Seems a bit cheap on the resturaunts side since for those two dishes Were $30 plus bucks. Other than that we had a great experience and will go back for sure.
4	The boyfriend and I were both craving sushi today so after going to Home Depot we stopped into sushi loca. Very chill and peaceful atmosphere. The service was quick and kind and the food was delicious and fresh !
2	I've been coming here for 4 years and the service is starting to decline. The sushi seems to be thrown together with careless effort. This used to be the best spot on the north side of town. Sadly I haven't been here  in two months.
3	On our recent one day trip to las vegas we decided to have dinner at this place since we were residing far from the strip blvrd. The menu was very interesting and very confusing, So I let the other order. My favorite was pieces of salmon, and the one with the quail egg.In general the service was really good, super friendly and very fast. Fish was very fresh.
4	I really enjoy coming here. I love the sushi, service and and the relaxed atmosphere.  Ive been here several times the last few years and every visit has been a good experience. I especially like that its more of a party type atmosphere then a quiet boring standard dinner joint! Eating here is like an event rather than eat dinner and go home type of place!   Cant wait until my next visit!
5	This was a hidden gem inside one of the many mini mall plazas near my folk's house I always wanted to try and might I say what a pleasant surprise it was. First off, you're greeted by the sushi chefs when you walk through and seated promptly. From there on, you get to see the many variations of rolls with creative titles accompanying the dish. Me and my family got three entrees and three rolls which were all fairly priced with the quality matching. That and a very attentive waitress plus great looking ambience makes this a stand out from the rest in Las Vegas. I for sure will be making many trips here when I move out here. Great job n keep it up!
5	I get takeout from this place probably once every week or two. The sushi is amazing and the price is too. They don't skimp on the rolls, they are always nice and plump. The atmosphere is very nice as well, great place for a younger crowd. Parking on weekends is a bit annoying because they share a parking lot with Olive Garden. Other than that its totally worth it.
5	Great sushi restaurant....my husband and I absolutely love this place. We don't come as often as we like since we moved across town. But when we are in the area we make our plans around sushi loca. We always order the Mexican roll it never disappoints. Service is great and staff is friendly and welcoming. Come check this place out if you are in the area. It's great!
5	We really love this place, everytime we have visitors we take them here.  Great food and service Checkout they're menu names.  Jackpot, megabucks just to name a few.
5	This place is amazing. But the hours should be fixed. They are actually open until 2am, not pm. I almost missed out on another glorious yet fishy meal of the gods because of this mistake.
4	This place is consistently very good. Tonight, we had a group of 8 to celebrate a friend's birthday, and they were very accommodating! We were one of those annoying tables that needed our check split multiple ways and didn't tell them initially. They were very nice about it all. I dropped a star because the tempura box was just a bit too greasy. The flavor and overall taste of everything was great though! I also had the "I Like My Ass" roll and really liked it. I'm picky when it comes to sushi; I'm still a sushi amateur. They gave the birthday boy a tempura ice cream and played the funniest Happy Birthday song over the speakers! Then a couple minutes later, another table had a birthday! It was a hilarious moment!Sushi Loca is a great option for sushi in the Centennial Hills area. Fun music, too!
5	I love me some sushi and since moving to Las Vegas, a few years ago, I have tried a few local places,  all very good but this place is my new favorit. Atmosphere was cute, staff was friendly and helpful, best of all the food was amazing.  Great flavors and the fish was fresh and tasty.  Best roll of the night, for me, was the Loca Special.
5	Place is amazing! Bento box is must!  Can choose a little of everything. Katsu is delish,  so is the chicken and beef teriyaki. Miso soup.. don't get me started. Dessert is great. Go for the fried ice cream. Sushi is so good. Tried a few rolls none have disappointed so far I will be returning for sure.
5	My husband and I love this place. Kiss of Fire is #1 on my list every time we go. And actually, the shrimp tempura role is really great! I'd say we've tried at least 10 different roles here and all but one were excellent. We'll be going back many times :)
5	Love Sushi Loca!  Lots of variety, tastes great, nice atmosphere, fast service!
5	I always like to see a restaurant take advice and make improvements.  I went to have a few rolls and some soup last night and it was excellent.  Service was super fast and the seaweed salad was awesome..  Way to go guys!  5 STARS!!!
4	Amazing sushi, great chefs and staff!The sushi here is incredibly fresh, clean and tasty! They use a good ratio of fish to rice for sushi, and the sashimi is amazing. i haven't been here for a while but thinks it deserves a good review lol! I only wish they offered all you can eat sushi. I would be willing to pay $25-30 for sushi here if it were allyou can eat.
2	Meh. I'm always skeptical of sushi places I don't normally go to so I guess I didn't give them a fair chance today. I ordered garlic tuna and salmon nigiri and a roll that had mozzarella cheese melted on it. I know cheese and fish is a big no no but I've been duped by odd flavors before and loved then so I gave it a try. Not good. Nigiri was sliced so damn thick, I had to take two bites and it was not fresh tasting to me which instantly turned me off. Rice had no flavor but the sauces were good. I tried mochi for desert and they both had a fishy taste to them. Done.
1	I want to make it very clear that I've NEVER eaten here, and here's the reason why...every time I pull into the shopping center using the driveway behind Sushi Loca, I see the exact same thing...plenty of workers (cooks, wait staff, etc.) smoking cigarette after cigarette chatting away.  I have no way of knowing if they practice adequate hygiene after all that smoking and I've read reviews about the chef touching the menu and then not washing his hands before making the sushi.  Putting it all together, I'm just choosing to stay away at this point.For those of you who read this and think that this practice is likely going on at most restaurants, you might be right but if I'm seeing it constantly, it's just a turn-off for me.  Other people might not even give it a second thought.
5	In my opinion, one of the best Sushi places in town. Excellent menu and unique chef specials. Ambiance and decor is also nice. Great place for lunch and dinner alike.
1	I've been here twice. Each time I got food poisoning from this place. I don't remember the roll that gave me the food poisoning the first time but the roll that got me sick last night was the one night stand. I think the tempura battered calamari was raw inside it. It was honestly one of the worst tasting rolls I've ever had. I'm definitely not coming back here ever again.
4	Food is GREAT. Customer service could be better, it seems like they try to rush you or want you out as soon as your done.
5	By far one of the best sushi restaurants that I've experienced in Las Vegas!!!I absolutely loved the fried Calamari! Very large and delicious strips!! Great ambiance and customer service!
2	I'm going to go with a solid 'meh' on this one.Judging from the lunch menu by the way.Dipped in here to satisfy a curiosity of this place as i have been living in the area for over a year and still haven't tried it out. Between Sam's Club for pizza and hot-dogs for a cheap meal or be adventurous and try out the sushi joint for lunch this was chosen and here are the results:Two options for the lunch special both ehhh under 12 bucks. One is set up bento box style the other being the sushi special which i assume you get rolls or something. Grabbed the box option. Salmon TeriyakiRemember when Teriyaki ment a cooking technique where something is broiled and grilled with a glaze of soy sauce, marin, and sugar? Pepperidge Farms remembers...Very bland and tasteless. Couldn't taste any of the grill flavor. Forget about the salmon flavor that's long gone after being popped freezer to freezer to freezer.Why did i get salmon? Figured a restaurant that specializes in fish is able to pull off a tasty grilled fish entree. Same reason i would order a milk shake at an ice cream parlor. TonkatsuThe best thing about this tonkatsu is the sauce which is most likely bottled. The breading failed to stay on the pork except for the end pieces. When i picked up a strip and dipped it into the sauce the breading broke off at the point where i was applying pressure with my chopsticks and fell into the sauce. The meat under was white the hair of the undead white walkers far beyond the wall...the north remembers...The RestThe rice was slightly too moist, the salad had too much dressing that was poured on top instead of evenly dispersed throughout and tasted too much of mayo, ginger and a touch of thousand island. Best thing in the box was the Gyoza which was perfectly crispy on the outside and flavorful and juicy on the inside.The BillNeed to spend 20 quid to use plastic...good thing i got a hand roll then!Spicy Yellowtail HandrollI LOVE spicy yellowtail hand rolls. To me they are a window into the fundamentals of the place. An instrument to measure amounts of fucks given if you will. Once i received a YT hand roll that was nothing more then thick chunks of yellow tail, cucumber slivers, sprouts, and a moderate amount of rice and was rolled so perfectly nothing dripped out of the bottom. What i received here came less than 5 minutes after i placed the order. The amount of rice and...yellow tail i guess was WAY off, too much of both. First bite revealed what my eyes were trying to tell me. The spicy yellow tail...spread was pre-made. No texture, no flavor, no spicy.This dining experience honestly wasn't all that great and i knew this going in. Still went in just to afford the oportunity to be 'wow'ed'. It didn't happen. Now if you're reading this review trying to decide if you should go here for dinner or if you should go here at all i would like to thank you for reading this far and highly consider skipping mine and read another review. Here's why: There's two kinds of sushi places for two kinds of sushi eaters: The Rolls and The Raw. I am a raw eater. I love nothing more than to pay all you can eat prices and gouge on all the sea urchin, tuna, surf clam, and mackerel i can get my greedy paws on. This place is a Roll place...Is it a good roll place? I dont know, i dont eat rolls.
1	ordered salmon skin roll and spicy tuna roll for take out.  not the best sushi place in Las Vegas and north Las Vegas at that.  I wouldn't even consider this place if i was desperate for sushi.  I don't know why this place has 4 stars.  not only is the sushi crap but the staff isnt that friendly.  the hostess who took my order was extremely rude.  I wouldn't suggest this place to anyone.  this place sucks.  plain and simple.  whole foods has better sushi than this place.
1	I had the worst experience at my favorite sushi place You lost a loyal customer today. One of the sushi chefs was obviously sick or had allergies, because he was sniffling with a runny nose the whole time he was making sushi. He sneezed twice while making sushi rolls, without washing his hands. Then a customer came in, and the sushi chef shook the customers hands with the gloves on that he made sushi with, then without washing or changing gloves, he went back to making sushi....it was discussing, and I'll NEVER GO BACK.
1	It was okay... They don't have all you can eat.  Ordered something with mozzarella and a lot of fried onions and it was not good, too much cheese. It was in the neighborhood and wanted to try it. And never will go back.  I will only go to sushi bomb now
5	Not many times have I used words like perfect ,amazing, or Orgasmic ! Nor have I left a restaurant filled to the gills planning on what I will have to eat next time I visit. starting with the service prompt ,courteous and extremely friendly.  now the hours ..awesomely convenient for your late night craving after eating here the first time your addicted  lol  open 7 days a week 11a.m. till 2 a.m. ...... prices.. Perfectly priced so that I can afford it twice a week ! now for the food ...extremely fresh , phenomenal  with a  creative extensive menu This is Bagofdonuts without hesitation is my #1 sushi destination recommendationOH and the fried cheese cake Orgasmic !
5	I love love love this place. Some of the best sushi in Vegas. I love the tepura roll.
5	This is seriously the best place to get some good. A+ service and even better sushi. It has a great atmosphere for groups and the young adult crowd. The staff was very kind and attentive to us. They offered suggestions when we asked, and were overall fabulous! The sushi was just fantastic. Me and my friend split three rolls (we came later in the evening) We shared an eel roll, the Volcano roll, and the I Did Your Girlfriend. Every single one was fresh, and made right in front of us. We couldn't get enough of the Volcano roll! We'll be back again, and again and again!
5	This is great place for lunch. . The price for mine in the picture was 9.99. . . Includes miso soup.
1	Sadly, the only impressive dish we had today at lunch was the edamame, and frankly, that's a stretch. Either serve it cold or warm, not somewhere in between. Our appetizers came out in an odd, piecemeal fashion - sauce with no tempura veggies, appetizers after the meal had been served. We were told the lunch special is not available on the weekend, which is fine. As long as you state that one the website. Check it out - there's no restriction listed, just a time frame. When we finally received the entrees, they all came out minutes apart, and did not impress. The katsus, both chicken and pork, were dry and nearly inedible without the sauce. Surprisingly, the katsu sauce was deliciously tangy and sweet. The yakisoba was horribly over done. For a dish that warns the meat could be potentially undercooked, it was a bit ironic to be served something more like hockey puck than bovine. I can understand every restaurant has an off day, but to have the horrible service (getting sneered at for spilling a few drops of soy sauce, and the fact that I've been waiting 20 min now to get the check) that accompanied this lackluster meal, has made a long-time fan into a customer who probably won't return.
4	My favorite is the "three hours long", and I love the poke here!!! I went here a few times, and I always recommend it to my friends and family.
4	My friend and I always stop here over the last couple years to satisfy our sushi cravings, and they never disappoint us. The sushi and appetizers are consistently great and we always have a good time. The atmosphere is fun and energetic. My favorite roll has to be No Pain No Gain! My only complaint is that there is not an all you can eat option on the menu!
5	If your looking for Sushi in the Northwest part of town this place is hands down the best!
5	Second time here, both times it's been amazing. The fish is fresh, service is great and the sushi rice is authentic!My huband tried one of their bento boxes it wasn't great but just good, we discovered more bang for the buck ordering sushi rolls and tempura off the menu. My favorite is their eel role, my husband likes the califorina roll, I love anything with spicy tuna but he thinks its too mushy. Their roasted garlic edamame is great! Hood food great service gook beer!
4	One of my favorite sushi restaurants on the northwest side of town!Only downside to this restaurant is that they don't offer all-you-can-eat. If they did im sure I would be here more often! Besides that, the restaurant is great. Service is usually good. They can get busy, especially on weekends. Husband and I have been ordering to go the last couple of times & even at home the sushi tastes just as good! Fresh & reasonably priced! Also, they have an app so be sure to download to your phone to make to-go ordering easier!
3	The food itself is good. Fun names to their specialty rolls. Service is ok. Ambience aims to be more on the hip side which is not quite my taste but tolerable. Not very family friendly but more suited for groups of friends or adults only. But at the end of they day, yummy sushi so will return in the future.
4	good sushi reasonably priced.
4	Nice spacious dining area.  You walk right into the main sushi bar in the middle with tables on left and more family oriented eating.  To the right are more private booths.They place more electronic/dance music which is a nice change to your typical sushi place.   The rolls all look fantastic and have some more risque names.  See the menu.Fantastic kid's menu (strange way to judge a dining place but you wouldn't believe how many chicken strips/ mac and cheese you run into on the menu).The one thing I didn't see was a bento box which was strange to me.  Maybe just missing the page it's on. Almost every place has that.Prices are fairly reasonable for the type of food.  Definitely will be back.
5	Fantastic Sushi, friendly service . They were busy and we still got seated right away . Would definitely recommend the Heart Attack roll.. So good
1	4:30pm for UNI and a few other sushi items. A few booths with customers I sit at the sushi bar. Ordered a hot green tea the waitress brings the green tea I asked her if I could get another plastic cup with no red lips stick? The plastic cups must be the new kuhl feature they slide right off the bar along with the plastic tea pot - no joke. She was like OMG really lips stick on the cup... I'm sorry.... So she brings the menu Im looking at the menu caked with old food and finger prints.... I pushed the menu away and just looked it up online... Order UNI and Hamachi  - UNI was good but the seaweed wrap wasnt wrapped correctly.... Hamachi fish was hard not good at all also the rice fell apart when I picked it up.  Not sure how in the world this place made it to a 4 star?  I stopped ordering after these 2 items. Just wanted to get out of there. Will never go back I have been to sushi bars around the world this place is substandard.... I approve this message J K KUHL...
5	The best place in town for a One Night Stand or a XXX! You'll understand once you've seen the menu, but don't be put off by the names; it makes ordering so much fun!We were pleasantly surprised that the service was super fast, friendly and efficient even on a Saturday at 6 pm. The One Night Stand is much more fulfilling than its namesake, and the Ryan's Special complimented it nicely with beautiful fresh tuna and asparagus. The Eel Roll is simple and scrumptious, and the Soft Shell Crab Roll made for a nice finish.5's! Check it out!
5	Fabulous menu, not super cheap, but the price matches the quality and they give pretty generous servings. I recommend the kiss of fire, pearl special, and their white peach sake cocktail. My boyfriend and I had a plate of rice, steak, and veggies off their large menu the last time, which was tasty. Usually their service is pretty good and a nice sushi place without breaking the bank!
3	The sushi was fantastic. But service was terrible. Server was not able to understand simple directions like warm sake not cold sake and glass of ice water please so do that I give this place 3 stars but the seafood and the sushi was all at least four star food I really like the spicy jalapeno crab rolls those are the best. I think they're called crazy jalapeno rolls oh and they have sushi happy hour hour after 11 p.m. So you get like a 30 percent discount well worth it
5	Love the late night hours and service here ;) and i always love the food here!!! Loveeeeeee it its nice to come for a late nite dinner with such a welcoming staff and great atmosphere ;) i usually come once a week and never do i leave disappointed. I always ALWAYS get the tofu salad agedashi tofu and garlic edamame to start. Cant miss out on the top grade of uni from santa barbara and the amazing salmon belly nigiris! And their rolls are huge and amazing! Loveeeeeee it!
5	So incredibly yummy!! Their sushi is the bomb. Try the heart attack or the I did your ex girlfriend. They give big portions on the seaweed salad
5	This is always one of our favorites. We love the Holy Cow roll. Sit at the sushi bar and buy saki bombs for the crew and the free samples begin to flow!
