5	this is a old dilapidated drive inn. that is 3200 miles from me right now and i would love to drive up and get a monster berger and fries. when i was a kid we would go to pete's before the drive in movie and fill up. who would think the best fried oysters in the middle of the desert. go once and you will be hooked.
4	I love Petes!  I usually choose the fish and shrimp combination plate and I am never disapointed.  Yes, the fish is shaped like a square, but the taste is all that matters.  The shrimp and its breadcrumb coating is too die for.  The burgers and fries are fantastic.  The funny thing about all these meals is that they are put together by one little condiment.....Their special sauce.  It is a spicy ketchup/chili sauce, and I order extra every time.  Do not get caught short you will regret it!  If you're unsure what to try, get the shrimp.  You will be a customer for life.
3	Just the mere fact that it has been in the valley for many years, and is considered by locals as a favorite.  After a good night of slammin em' back, there is nothing like a big pile of greasy fried food to coat the tummy.  I am primarily a fan of the environment.   You get out of your car, go up to the window (uh-oh, this requires human interaction) order your meal, find a picnic table, and indulge yourself.Who knows, maybe even strike up a conversations with a stranger (oh-my-god) Who would have thunk?Pete's is good food at a good price....and hell, maybe a good conversation.
3	my first experience with Pete's was many years ago when I was visiting my father-in-law at my wife's ancestral homestead just north of here on Turney.  My wife went to get Pete's for dinner.  Everybody dug in.  afterwards I said, "Honey, no offense, but Pete's really isn't that good."  she replied, "Yeah? so what else is new?"  she'd been going there since she was a little girl, I guess she was just used to it.  it was like a tradition.  that place has been there for over 40 years.  my wife proceeded to tell me about the time they tried to feed an oysterette to their basset hound; instead of eating it, she rolled on it, as she would have a dead bird or something really smelly  and dead.  anecdotes aside, I can't recommend their fish, although many seem to like it.  their Monsterburgers are actually pretty good.
4	As a Phoenix native, there are a number of places in the Valley that are quintessentially Phoenix to me.  I've visited many of them and love them just as much as the next desert dweller.  But every now and then I have pangs of guilt and inadequacy over having never been to a place that everybody else identifies as a Phoenix institution.  Like I'm an impostor and haven't really earned my Phoenix stripes yet because I haven't visited Carolina's or Ranch Market or Pete's Fish and Chips. Well, my Phoenix cred just ratcheted up a notch or so with my visit to Pete's Fish and Chips on Indian School and 44th Street.  This place has been here forever.  I've seen the bumper stickers (I'm addicted to Pete's Fish and Chips!) on the back of cars since, oh I don't know, birth??  It is a family owned business with a friendly, but no frills attitude.  There are all kinds of rules and restrictions, but that keeps the prices at amazingly low levels.  If you go to Pete's, keep the following in mind....Bring cash, its all they take.  Also, know that the sauce they serve is a spicy red sauce similar to cocktail sauce.  They have tartar sauce on hand but you have to request it.  We ordered a 4 piece fish and chips and a 10 piece shrimp and chips.  I picked it up at the drive thru and brought it home.  Honestly, I was a bit worried about this scenario because I thought I might run the risk of having the food be cold and soggy by the time I got home.  And really, what's worse than cold fish and chips??  Luckily, I don't live too far away and the food was still piping hot 10 minutes after we unwrapped and started eating.  The fish was crisp, flaky and delicious.  Very good with the red sauce.  I wouldn't say that this type of fish and chips is representative of the British pub style meal.  It is more in the style of beach shack dining on the East Coast.  The shrimp were less than impressive, 90% breading, 10% shrimp.  Don't think we'll order that again.  Chips were standard fare.  Nothing impressive, but they did the job.  The total for the two meals was $14.02.  Just the right price in this economy.  And even better?  Pete's is the kind of place where if you pay that bill with a $20, they just go ahead and give you $6 back in change.  No messing with a handful of coins.  We'll be back to Pete's when the f'n'c craving hits us.  Glad to have it in the neighborhood.
3	You know what I like?I like cocktail sauce with my fish and my chip. And , I like cocktail sauce on my fish sandwich:)Pete's Fish and Chip's (a wholly owned subsidiary of Montgomery Burns Enterprises) takes a page from their bosses handbook when they say "let the masses have their tar-tar sauce".That's right they put cocktail sauce on their fish sandwiches. That is, in fact, the sole (pun intended...it's definitely not sole in their fish sandwiches) reason to visit Pete's (Phoenix institution, I know).Try to get them to do that at your MickieD's, or your Wendy's!I know that Pete's makes other things...burgers, chicken, hot dogs, etc. For all I know, they make filet mignon on a skewer...I've never ordered any of it. The sign says Pete's fish and Chips...I think I'm skating close to edge by having them put the fish slab on a bun:)Pete's makes a pretty decent fish sandwich...not much better than the aforementioned McD's or Burger King, but certainly no worse...in fact, it just may be the same fish sandwich...unidentifiable, generic as to type of fish...possibly even a soy based fish like food substance...I couldn't tell you...if this thing was ever swimming, it was months ago:)But, you put cheese on it and add a little cocktail sauce, and I'll swing through drive through every 6 months or so.
3	I think they're overrated.I was a little dismayed when I got the 6-piece fish and shrimp basket and it was 1 piece of fish and 5 pieces of shrimp.  It wasn't the typical fried shrimp, it was like they molded batter with a shrimp hidden somewhere within into a flattened shrimp-like shape and deep fried it.  I don't like extra fried batter with my shrimp.  Hate it when my sweet and sour chicken is nothing but batter either, but I digress.The fish wasn't too bad, the batter was kind of salty but very well fried so it was crispy.  Maybe next time I'll stick with the fish.  I would not recommend the shrimp.One plus was the drink isn't the usual 2+ dollars like they usually do at places like these.  Its 69 cents I think..
1	A sign that says order here would help, it's 2pm on a friday and they are under staffed! There was a guy waiting for 15 to 20 minutes for his order. Ouch. While i was making my order they had a girl cleaning up, she came over and asked if she could clean our table for us, very nice. She saw me taking pictures and ask if i was i told her yes and should have told her i'm yelping but i didn't want to be bothered at the time. I got my food pretty fast! The visit started really good untl I got my food! Wow this is the worst fish and chip place I've ever ever been EVER, yuck! I got the #1 one fish and 5 shrimp first the shrimp was GROSS there wasn't much shrimp to it, it was more breading then anything! I asked for ketchup and salt and pepper for my fries and fish sorry we only have salt they say! Wow this caused my not to be able to even eat all the fish or shrimp that's how bad it was, so I had to settle and try and choke down the french fries. I would never tell anyone to go here, and I will try and forget that I ever visited this place!
4	Because sometimes you just want to flip the bird at calorie counting and healthy living.  This valley landmark is the place for satisfying that once in awhile sinful urge to screw up your carefully laid out dietary plans.
4	pete's got a paint jobboo, hiss, hissyou can't mess with a joint like thisbeen white & redsince '52guys, got some goodadvice for youkeep it whitefor old pete's sakemess with that stand?a big mistakenew paint, really?c'mon, man.... picked scottsdale fav"suburban tan"    an institutionmust not changeso who's to blamefor this outrage?see folks have goneto pete's for yearsgenerationsfar and nearhis fish and chipsthey're "famous" fori've had betterbut love that storebattered up get greasy, babythe secret saucethey make it dailypete's fish and chipsneon burns bright44th street's slice of urban blighta drive thru divehere in my 'hoodi loved the wayyou looked and stoodfor somethingun arcadian'bit ghettofor republicanstake that, i'd saya true eye sorecar wash, florista couple morecrap buildingsin the promised landwhere landscapersand nannies landfull time gigsthe leisure setat lgowith purebred petsbut I could always count on pete'swho spruced you up?you look so neatand cleanmean, what the fuck...ahh...here comesa plumbers truckand anotherthey still steer here!the pig has lipsticknow it's clearit's just paintthat is allpete's still blue collarafter allmonster burger, side a friespatio's on the sunny sidei'm baking, babythat's okat pete's it's always been that wayso for nowi'll cut you slackbut maybe.... one day.....change it back?
2	They were cheap as sin, I'll give them that.I wasn't impressed by the mystery fish.  Not impressed at all.  Any other time I've had fish and chips, I've been told what type of fish I would be eating.  Here?  Not so much.The fish resembled something out of our local grocer's freezer....they were rectangular fish pieces.  The flavor wasn't anything great either.  I tasted fried breading and that was about it.This may be a place that I'd go to after a late night out, but for a actual meal...I'll go somewhere else.
1	I went to petes fish a chips for the first and last time a few weeks ago. I ordered the fish and shrimp platter with chips, and a "everything monster burger" I believe it was called. This was by far the WORST seafood meal I have ever eaten, along with the WORST burger I have ever had as well. The fish was something I would expect Joe Arpaio to serve to inmates in his jails, I've bought better quality fish at a discount grocery store boxed by some company I've never heard of for $1.99 for 12 patties. The shrimp, well I don't think there were actually any shrimp, it was just breading. And lastly the burger, the most disgusting part of this meal, I actually vomited after one bite from the disgusting taste of the substandard meat that was used. It didn't even taste like beef. The owners of this place should be ashamed of even being open, I actually feel they should be prosecuted for serving this "food" (and I use that term very loosely) to consumers.
1	Gross, repulsive, appauling, disgusting, overrated, dirty, should be shut down by the CDC.  You get the jist?
2	My famous last words before dinner were: how can you screw up fried food? Well, Pete's found a way! The general consensus was that Pete's takes delivery of their rectangular fish patties from the same general supplier McDonald's must use. Not that this is the most terrible thing in the world - I myself am a lover of the occasional Filet-O-Fish, but I guess when a place's claim to fame is "fish and chips" you kind of expect REAL battered fish and chips, malt vinegar, or at least some fried clams, hush puppies, or real zucchini spears. Alas, none of the above. Joseph Malin would have turned over in his grave. Even my eight year old daughter was left wondering what kind of fish produces rectangular filets and what kind of shrimp comes shaped like a flat plank. I found the experience likened to that of volunteering to chaperone a children's carnival: glad I tried it once, I might even get guilted into doing it twice after the selective amnesia kicks in, but I'll never do it on purpose again. In my experience "cash only" places are generally worth making the extra stop at an ATM for; meh, Pete's - not so much.
5	I love Pete's. I know, I know - you eat outside, you have to order tartar sauce and they only take cash. I love the food anyway. I've gone to Pete's since I was born. I love the red sauce that comes with the fish - it has a little bite to it. I only wish they would expand north. I'm addicted to Pete's.
1	NO.  Don't go. Don't do it.  This was my first visit and it was on a whim because we drive by it often.  One other reviewer here made a wise statement - go the grocery store and buy frozen fish.  I promise it will be better than this.
3	Well Pete's Fish and Chips,I'm mean its good I defiantly go there a few times here and there.  Im sad to see a long list of ok reviews.  I don't think this place is trash but defiantly not a big time restaurant.  Fish and Chips is a classic meal and Pete's success is in its following.   I took a trip to England and made sure I tried out a few places there.  Its all about the breading and fresh fish.  Sad to say reviewers are right about the frozen taste.  Defiantly not a fresh catch of the day here.  Breading and fish just has that very commercial taste.  Pete must have forgotten to put the love in the food.  Hopefully the reviews will speak loud enough for the owners to hear.  I hope to review again one day with better news.Dear Pete's Fish and Chips,Why such low stars, why so few reviews. Please don't say to your self the ok response is fault of the reviewers.  Pete your locations are popular and well known, why settle for ok, A few bright ideas here and there should do the trick. Sincerely,yelpers
4	My former company transferred me from SLC, Utah to Queen Creek, AZ in 2007. Being a stranger, I knew nothing; however, in a very short period of time, some of my coworkers regaled me with stories of Pete's Fish & Chips."It's okay if you are really starving and if you eat there, you will regret it." And finally, "DON'T DO IT!!!:However, being a Scot, I decided to check it out for myself. My boyfriend indoctrinated me with his enthusiastic tales of childhood memories that lived on even to this day about the place. We absolutely HAD to eat there so he could show me what real Phoenicians like him love about Pete's.On our first trip, we had a 15 piece shrimp & chips and a large order of onion rings to go. The smell was intoxicating and filled my car to the breaking point as we drove back to my place to eat. He didn't count on me liking the famous Pete's sauce as much as I do so we quickly ran out of it during the meal.I've eaten seafood all my life and never realized what I had been missing until I had taken that very first bite of shrimp. It was GOOD! We quickly finished all 15 pieces of shrimp, the chips and onion rings. Full to the point of bursting, I asked, "when can we go back?" He replied, "as soon as our food goes down..."Don't pay attention to what others say. Go and try the food for yourself. You won't be disappointed.
1	Wouldn't you think a 2.5 star rating would scare me off? It was too late. I was in line, and my wife loves fish and chips, and this is a Phoenix institution, right?"Man, what if this place is great?" I asked my wife as we waited in the drive-thru line. "We'll really kick ourselves for missing out these last few years."Instead, we kicked ourselves for going out at all. You know the fish and chips you'd get at a British pub? These are not those fish and chips. These are essentially larger, perfectly-rectangular fish sticks. I won't even get into how they tasted. Just heed Lisa C. and A F. and all the other 1 star reviews below. Pete's is NOT worth it. It's not. It's one of my regrets in life that I didn't listen to Yelp.
4	Pete's has been in my life since I was a little girl.  I can remember going to the original location on Van Buren with my grandparents.  All of the locations look less than to be desired from the outside, but there's treasures to be found within the menu.  My staple used to be the 5 or 7 piece shrimp and chips.  Gotta get extra sauce.   While I still love the shrimp and chips, I've discovered a new front runner, thanks to my hubby J.  He's lived here since he was 5 years old and had never been to a Pete's.  2 weeks ago this past Sunday, I had a preggo craving for some fried tasty goodness.  I directed J to the online Pete's menu and he figured he'd give Pete's a try.  My order - 7 piece shrimp and chips with extra 14oz Pete's Sauce.  $6.10J's order - Triple Everything Monsterburger.  Large chips.  $7.00I looked at J and said...uhh...are you sure you want a burger?  He said yep.  I dont know, something about ordering a burger from Pete's always kinda weirded me out.  But I figured...it's his gut.  So be it.  I go and order through the drive-through.  A few minutes later, I get our order and drive back home.  OMG!  This burger was freaking HUGE and looked AWESOME!!  J took his first few bites and I inquired as to how it tasted.  He raved about this burger.   It was so big though that he couldn't finish all of it.  That's saying a lot cause J can eat!  Flash forward to this past Monday.  I was craving a good burger on the cheap.  J suggested Pete's.  I about fell on the floor!  This burger must have been something else!  Well, let me tell you ~ The hell with the seafood!  Order a burger, people!!!After ordering my own Monster Everything Burger, I know where my go to burger joint is going to be from now on!!
1	Can I give it negative stars?So, I've heard this place is a Phoenix institution and rocks!!  I had no idea so many people don't actually have tongues.I've had better fish that sat in my freezer for decades, which is what this mess reminded me of.  The fry's seemed like an after thought.  No tartar sauce?   What??  Very few places do I walk away from the food.  I actually felt bad for the garbage can that had to hold the remainder of my meal.
1	This place is legendary in the valley, and I have to say, I have NO idea why.  I went there expecting to see things like cod and halibut on the menu, like a real fish & chips joint.  I expected the fish to be filleted and hand battered, like a real fish & chips joint.  I expected they'd know what tartar sauce is, like real fish & chips joints do.  All my expectations were dashed when what I got in my little deli basket was a preformed, previously frozen slab of "fish" that I could have just as easily gotten at a grocery store with a Van De Kamp label on the box and cooked in my toaster oven, and fries (chips) that might have well said Oreida on them.   And a puzzled "WTF? look when I asked for tartar sauce.  Simply, stunningly, awful.
5	I grew up on this place as well as worked there in high school the Owners are personal friends of ours and I LOVE THIS PLACE hand breaded onion rings, shrimp and all the other breaded food done fresh everyday. I am not really a seafood person but I will eat pete's and this place is legendary to Phx  fast food seafood plus the many other items they have.. I really surprised at all the negative reviews When I worked at this locations in High school I remember famous people coming through the drive thru all the time Alice Cooper loved this place.
1	The mind boggles. I don't even know what to say about this place. Where to start?! I've lived in Phoenix for 6 years. Passing by Pete's a gazillion times, but I never stop because they only take cash and I never seem to have cash on me. Finally, one fateful day I decided to pull in and see what all the fuss was about. I was hoping for some decent fish and chips. What I got was something else. I understand that this place is important for Nostalgia's sake. People tie memories to food and this place is a part of Phoenix culture. I get that people have gone to Pete's with their parents and grandparents.  At one time, this is what passed for good food. This hurts my heart.Lets just lay it all on the table here; Pete's fish is pretty darned awful. The Shrimp (if you can call it shrimp) is mostly breading. About 2 ounces of breading with a quarter ounce of shrimp somewhere in there. I felt the need to dissect one just to see how much shrimp was actually present. The fish is in patty form.  2012 and the fish is a patty. Its a rectangle. Its the filet-o-fish minus the cheese and bread. There is no rectangular fish in the ocean. What the heck is going on here?I mean, I cant even put together a decent, well written review here because my mind cannot wrap itself around the fact that people LOVE this place. Its so bad. The sauce is... I mean, really?! Its ketchup and Tabasco sauce.  Word is, Pete's has good burgers and I love a cheap burger . So I will try at least once more. But I won't be going for the seafood.
1	Ok, the Pete's by my office on Central just north of Broadway is great so when I decided to pick up a couple of shrimp and chips orders for my family on the way home today, I was sadly disappointed. The fries were a cold, soggy mess and the shrimp had about three tablespoons of table salt on it! You literally couldn't even see the breading it was all white and piled high with a thick layer of salt. GROSS!!
5	Good fish and chips here I love it
3	My husband and I have wanted to try this place out for some time now.  We finally made it in last night.  For those of you who aren't big fried fish fans, they have other stuff too like burgers and chicken strips.  I ordered the #1 seafood combo, which is 1 fish, 4 shrimp and fries.  I was expecting the shrimp to be smaller, but they were actually filet size.  Neither the shrimp or fish impressed me.  They come with two 2 oz containers of this special sauce, which wasn't that great.  The fries were decent, not great.  It took awhile for the food to be ready, but I think that's because they don't put it in the fryer til you order it.  If you do go here, be prepared...they only accept cash (they don't take $50 or $100 bills).  There is an ATM there.
4	I don't know where all these reviews are coming from.  Simply put, Petes Fish and Chips is the best!  Shrimp and chips taste great!  Fries are great!  Burgers are great and the burritos are great!  I think most of these bad comments are from outsiders who were expecting some 5 star diner taste.  No, this is streets not classy dine in.  Everytime we hit Arizona, the first place I have to stop is Petes!  Now if you experience different, I don't know what to tell you...
2	Go for the burgers and coleslaw.  However, we were in a fish mood.  If you like frozen fish patties, then you are good.  We were hoping for a bit more.  The flattened, then fried, shrimp was not our style.  It was a bit chewy and not very shrimp-like.  Fries and rings were fine but not special.  We will likely be back, but for burgers.
4	I will always love Pete's. I love everything on the menu, except for the Fish and Chips.I guess that's because I am a hardcore fish and chips fan. Like from a legit restaurant. ya know, like halibut and chips, with malt vinegar and tartar sauce...ya know the good stuffPete's doesn't serve that. LOL.If you know that going in, then you will be fine. Everything else is bomb. I love the shrimp, that is good.My regular meal (unchanged for 25 years) Is a monster burger with cheese (extra sauce) and a burrito. I steal my girl's shrimp.Secret sauce is ketchup/ tobasco 50/50I can understand the low ratings. I bet that people who rated them low, love LEGIT FISH AND CHIPS, and expected such. Don't go here for that, try everything else.If they ever get good F-N-C I will give them that 5th star.Oh yeah, cash only? annoying for us, smart for them...Avoiding Uncle Sam-lol with their handwritten tickets.They aren't open on Sundays either. (bs)
1	I really tried to give it no stars.  I've lived right down the street from Pete's my entire life and I have to say, after today, this is literally the last place on Earth that I would ever, ever go to eat.  When I pulled up to the drive thru, there was one car in front of me.  By the time I got to the window, it had been ten minutes.  Another five passed before the very unpleasant person in the window even acknowledged my presence.  A couple of minutes after that, I got my food, which I gave a way-too-nice "thank you!" for.  The lady working the window said nothing and slammed the window closed.  That was enough for me to say ok, I will never go back there.  I really don't like bad service and this was the worst.  Especially since I could have been a way bigger bitch about the wait.  At least the people who work at every other fast food chain feign niceness to their customers. Really I just wanted onion rings, and as soon as I got home I took one look at them and thought "oh, HELL no."  They were the worst I've ever had.  I also got the "superburger,"  which I will assume they named ironically.  I don't know how you mess up a burger that bad, but about an inch of the perimeter of the burger was more or less a fossil.  It was disgusting.  Like, take a burger from Mickey D's, shrink it, remove half of the toppings, and stick it under a 150 watt lightbulb for 3 days.  Look, I know not to expect a 5 star meal from a drive thru window, but this was absolutely absurd.  You could get a better burger literally ANYWHERE else.  As for decent onion rings within a 3 mile radius of my house...the search continues.
1	I went to the establishment in Tempe and will never go back.  I ordered the # 5 4 pc chicken strips and fries.  The entire meal consisted of SALT.  Even throughout the bag.  I never ate anything with that much salt, it wasn't even used for seasoning.  They just threw it upon already cooked strips and fries. GROSS!!!.. Never again
2	Do your self a favor and do not eat here! I am disappointed in my self for not reading yelp reviews before hand. It was not the worst tasting food i have ever had, but it ranks at the same level as gas station food for me. I have a friend that lives and dies for Pete's Fish and Chips, so maybe I just had a bad experience ( probably not though after reading all of the negative reviews). I have no desire to go back, the only reason I would go back is to prove to my friend that this place is a bust.
2	I apolizes as I do just feel horrible giving 2 star I wont do 1star because nothing was mindboggling bad here ...unfortunately the following review makes it 2 star for what is inherantly wrong. .......... ready for it?Square fish .really? Square fish...where in the world do they live..ive never caught one.   And the "chips" well hold on to your britches. The chips are french fries. I had no crispys of batter sitting in my plate....for gosh sakes NO!  Holy c*** ive had better fish and chip at LJS ...Employee at the Window was ok. but wow 12 minutes for a square fish tasting grease sponge..Im sorry its just my judgment.Oh yes cash only is a bummerMaybe we'll try a burger at a fish restaurant. ..uhh no maybe notI'd like to go to delux or a burger shop for a burger. ..and well.......I think I would maybe want to get good fish and chips at a place that has the words fish and chip in the name of the restaurant?  Y think?I can't comprehend how you can serve such bad fnc.I'm thinking it's w marketing plot to get you in. . Know their fnc ducks but since your there you get a burger. you both win. Hmmm
3	Pete's was a slightly better than average meal for a slightly better than average price. I went with two of my friends, knowing nothing of the place beforehand. I am from the east coast and the place reminded me of the little restaurants you would see dotting the the lakeside. I ordered a burger and fries, my buddy got the fish and chips, and my other buddy got fried zucchini. My burger was good, larger and better than one at a fast food place but not as high quality as a real restaurant. The fish and chips my friend ordered, i was surprised to see, were frozen patties and fries. This disappointed me, but i was not eating that meal. My other friend shared his zucchini, which was rather good. Basically, if you want a meal that bridges the gap between cheapness and quality, try Pete's.
1	Cheap prices. Horrible food. This was my first time here living in Arizona all of my life. The fried fish patties are minced, not even filets of fish. It's like I bought them from Gordon's fisherman in the freezer section. Second the shrimp was all batter, barely any shrimp. I'm assuming that was minced too. I suggest going to Knock Kneed Lobster. Fabulous flaky fresh fish that I've been enjoying for years. If you're lazy and just want someone to fry your fish patties go down to Pete's and they will do just that for you.
1	The name of this place is  "Pete's Fish and Chips"! Maybe it's just me, but that should mean that their fish and chips is pretty epic.... this place is a complete fail.Quite possibly the worst fish and chips experience I have ever had. The location is pretty dingy and has the wonderfully appetite inspiring odor of a dumpster. But let's focus on the food. The fish that they have is basically a triple size fish stick; nothing special in anyway at all. It basically had no flavor other than the oil it was fried in.  The fries that the fish sticks were sitting on were good, which is why they get 1 star. Oh and don't expect any ketchup to try and add some flavor to the food, they don't carry it at all! and if you want something other than their vinegar dip, you'll be paying extra for a little cup of tartar sauce. I also ordered the onion rings, and just as a side note, I LOVE onion rings, however these are the first onion rings that I have had that I didn't finish. They were nasty, for lack of a better term.  They were so hard that it was like chewing on tree bark, coated in sandpaper with a flavorless worm in the center.  I'm sure that after a night of drinking and smoking this would be the perfect ball of grease to settle my belly, but if you are looking for something tasty, or something to eat when your taste buds are fully functional, this is not it.  There are tons of other places to get fish and chips and onion rings that put this place to shame.
1	Disgusting, tried multiple items and the only fresh product they serve is the "Pete's Sauce". You're better off buying a fry daddy and some frozen fish to make at home... Also, don't even think of using your debit or credit card to purchase anything; cash only. If you forget to bring cash they'll let you use their ATM, if you don't mind the convenience fee. Don't waste your time with this place.
1	R.I.P. Pete's fish and chips... I've been coming to Pete's for 42 years, since I was old enough to drive and was in high school. What happened in the last month or two??? The new recipe for breading of the shrimp is nothing like it was. My wife and I were so disappointed tonight and won't be back. We'll miss it. We drive from Ahwatukee foothills to Indian School and 44th St, roughly 35 miles, to get our fix every couple of months but, I'm sorry to say, this has been our final trip.  Whoever decided this was a good idea did Pete (RIP) a serious disservice and he would be sorely disappointed to see what's become of his business as a result of this poor business decision. They should have tested this move with long time customers before screwing up the food. If this is a money making decision, charge more, don't screw with 60 years of tradition....
1	Yes, everyone else is right.  The fish and chips are awful and I don't care about the rest of the menu if fish and chips is in your name, you better have good fish and chips.  Whatever they serve is the exact opposite of what you are probably looking for.  Got get some of the cheapest fish sticks you can find, dip them in ketchup and you'll be much happier than what comes out of this joint.What's even worse is I stopped at the ATM to get out cash so I could try this place out.Phoenix institution?  Maybe once all those old people die this place will have the same fate.
1	I agree with the low ratings and negative comments.  Some horrible change has happened to the menu and I will no longer eat at Pete's.  I visited the 4121 N. 44th St. Phoenix location faithfully.  Until I hear different, goodbye Pete's Fish and Chips.  You will be spoken of in past tense because that's where you are, in the past.  I am curious as to why there is a drastic change.
1	Tried the fish and chips.  The fish is not good, there is no other way to explain it.  I threw it away after a few bites.   The food is served hot and that is the only positive I experienced.   Bummer!
2	I'm a huge fish and chips fan. I sometimes get the craving to dip my fish in some tartar sauce. I always saw this place and had to try it. Let's say I won't have fish and chips for two years. It seems like the restaurant focuses on keeping prices low and not about delivering quality food. The fish is a processed square that has been frozen and the shrimp tasted slightly like salt water chicken. I will say the ICE-E was fantastic and can be attributed to one of the two stars in my rating.
2	One would think that the landmark-esque building and the cash-only ordering system would have to mean this is a gem restaurant; one would then be incredibly, dead wrong. Scared for the 10 minutes following my first cup of coffee tomorrow morning. Good icee though.
1	Very disapointing.  Had not been to Petes for years.  Ordered the seafood combo.  Got a fish brick and some shrimp sticks.  The sauce was a watered down concoction.  Surely if your claim to fame is fish, and this is what you sell, you could get and offer better product than this.  Also, the cash only system--so not business-like.  I had driven 10 miles--if I hadn't happened to have some cash,  I would have been pissed. Apparently I have to give a star otherwise I would give zero
5	I have been going to Pete's since high school and am addicted! There are only a few locations who don't do the butterfly shrimp but most of them do! I love the shrimp, crabettes, scallops, mushrooms, zucchini, and burgers! The best part of Pete's is by far the sauce and shrimp! The only thing I do not like from Pete's is the fish(weird I know) but it's just squared frozen fish... If you want a good fish stick then I guess it's ok. It's still a cash only building but most have an ATM now. I like how they have kept with their original standards if cash only. If you have a craving for good greasy fast food then petes is your place to go! Love them!!
3	Sitting here eating at Pete's....my husbands favorite place from childhood. I can say its not bad, but my husband says its changed. My only complaint is that when you go to a 'fish n chips' place, the tartar sauce should be complimentary!!!
5	I can understand why Pete's Fish & Chips is a Phoenix area staple and has such a loyal following.  I'd heard nothing but rave reviews and finally decided to see what the hype was all about.  When getting a quick bite to eat, I typically don't care about how a drive-through or restaurant looks from the outside, much less notice or remember much about it.  Pete's was different, in that they clearly have paid a lot of attention to detail not only making sure the food is great, but the overall experience is enjoyable as well.  Everything I saw was well-kept, and as driving around the restaurant, there was a sea-themed mural on the wall with all of the different Pete's locations within the painting.   It's good to know I can get my Pete's fix, regardless of where in the Valley I am.  They were quick- I only waited a short time for my food, and as expected, it was excellent.  I ordered the #2 Super Seafood Combo:  Two piece fish with seven shrimp, fries and a drink and #4 Chicken Tender combo:  Four piece chicken, fries and a drink (this wasn't all for me).  It's amazing how much great food you can get at Pete's for a few bucks!  I can't leave out the sauce.   I'm not sure what they put in it, but it's some of the best sauce I've had anywhere.  It would be good on anything. It's just the right  amount of sweet, tangy, and spicy.  All in all, Pete's was a great experience and I will definitely be back.  Keep up the great work, Pete's!
1	After a bevy of raving recommendations we tried Pete's. My husband and I were flummoxed. It was the worst fish and chips we have ever had. Frozen from the grocery store tastes better.
1	Do not waste your money or time. Went here on a recommendation, do not waste your time unless you think a square piece of frozen fish that they cook for you is good, the shrimp terrible. Staff was rude, asked for ketchup with my fry's was told to go to the store and get some if I wanted it. Was not expecting anything great, but did expect a little more than pre made frozen processed fish and shrimp. At least Long John Silvers and Captain D's batter their own. Could not even eat my meal it was that bad.
4	For those of you who've lived in Tucson, Pete's Fish and Chips is probably the closest thing to Lucky Wishbone that you can find in Phoenix. Every once in a while I stop in and get myself some scallops, shrimp, or crabettes with fries. Yes it's all deep fried and probably not very healthy, but sometimes that hits the spot.Oh and remember, it's cash only but they don't take anything bigger than a $20!
1	I'm 52 years old and probably ate my first fish and chips here. I am so disappointed in the change petes has made with there shrimp and I've also heard they have no interest in changing it back. So I'll eat at Eds in avondale from now on.
4	I get it, it's fried seafood in Arizona... With that said, it's something I grew up on and Pete's sauce grew on me like a pimple on a grease face. I learned to love this place over time and head here about once ever 6 months. It always hits the spot. I always get the shrimp and chips with extra Pete's sauce. You really can't go wrong with that. Salt the fries and grab a drink.. I will be back, regardless of any negative review. Cash only because cash is KING!!
3	Pete's Fish and Chips is a landmark in the Arcadia district here in Phoenix. It's been around forever and my boyfriend finally took me to try it the other day. It's everything you think it may be...greasy fried fish and chips! Keep in mind, I went to Pete's looking for greasy fried fish and chips, nothing gourmet, nothing mind blowing, just their traditional fish and chips they've been serving up since before I was born, and that's exactly what I got. We split their fish and chips and their crabettes and chips. The batter on the outside ends up being crispy and crunchy in comparison to the soft and hot fish/crab you find on the inside. A perfect balance. Both were good but I think I might lean more towards just the fish and chips next time we go. Each meal is served with Pete's Special Sauce which is kinda like a sweet, thiner ketchup, with a bit of a spicy kick to it. It's good on both the "chips" and fish. Ordering the tartar sauce costs extra and one side is enough for two people in my opinion. It's good tartar sauce but definitely heavier on the pickle/dill flavor which I personally enjoy but may deter others. Overall it was a good, inexpensive experience and I will go back again when the craving for fish and chips strikes again!
