4	Ah the Coach House.  This is the dive bar for all the asshole mid/north Scottsdale douchebags who feel like "slumming it" for the night.  Although it's a good setup, it can be laced with total pricks.  Cheap beers and relatively strong drinks considering the location. Despite my negative remarks, I like it.
3	I like the old broad behind the bar. I think she's been there since 1952 :-) It adds a certain charm to the place! Diverse crowd, especially on weekends. Too small inside so go when it's a nice night to be outside.
4	I loved this old dive bar...I'm so glad it's still here.  One of the last authentic dive bars in the city..don't get me wrong, i like all the new beautiful designed clubs and bars, but a city has to have balance or all the new stuff starts to look like Disneyland....I can't wait to come back here and order an old school cocktail.
4	To people that have never been there, I describe at as a "dive." The truth is, it's as much a dive as a place can be in Old Town Scottsdale, but you're still in Old Town and the "non-divey" element are still frequenters there. Pitchers are cheap and when it's crowded I've found I can still always get a drink in less than five minutes at the outside bar. The Christmas decor this place puts up is awesome. It's like Santa vomited jolliness all up in that place and you can't help but enjoy it. And they leave it up obnoxiously long to reinforce the fact that they don't give a hoot about being classy.
5	I love coach housecheap drinks (5.25 or 5.50 pitchers)good crowddecent patioeclectic mixopens at 6am! happy hour for graveyard shift folkright on my walk home, great place for a night cap
3	I've never really been comfortable hanging out at the bars in Scottsdale. Too much plastic, with respect to both the gigando chesticles and maxed out credit cards. But there are a couple of gems that manage to retain their individuality despite botox's best attempts at smoothing out these "wrinkles" in the "scene." The Coach House is definitely one of them.By Scottsdale standards, this is a divey joint. By my standards, I was home.I went here for happy hour and made the mistake of asking, "What kind of specials do you have?" One confuddled look from the bartender and a little smirk later, "We don't have any happy hour specials," translated to "Everything's on special. All day, every day." $3.25 well, cheap ass pitchers, and a strong pour. My bourbon and diet was more like rocks with a splash of soda. No carbonation to be found. Now that's a damn fine way to pour a drink.The ambiance of this bar is pretty rad too, with an old rickety picket fence surrounding the wrap around patio bar with plenty of misters that managed to keep us cool even in 100+ heat. The exposed and weathered wood inside added to the historic feel and they were playing some awesome old school jazz while we were there, instead of the expected country music. Clientele ranges from business casual, just stopping by for a drink after work, to what can only be referred to as salty dogs, despite the fact that they're not mariners and Arizona has no beach front property. We'll call them the urban salty dogs. I had the pleasure of chatting with one of these gems as he single handedly pounded his pitcher and was talking about music in what I can only assume was English. It's was hard to keep up with the disjointed thoughts and heavy slur. Still, it beats condescending looks from the plastic people any day of the week!
5	I drove by the Coach House Tuesday morning at 6am on my way to pick up my car from Old Town (another story), and there were people sitting outside boozing like college kids on Saturday night.  This is the scene every day, as many 3rd shifters come to tip a few back after work, while the rest of us are walk-of-shaming it home.  God Bless this weird place.  I once saw a 60 year old man plow his Harley into the side of the white picket fence that seperates CH from the rest of society and almost lost a leg.  Me, not him.  I dont think he would have felt it if he had lost his leg anyway.  It was great.  It was also still light out.Super strong drinks from Hans on the patio and a bill worthy of small town northern Michigan (read: cheap as hell), this "scottsdale dive" as another reviewer wrote, is just my cup of tea.  Tacky christmas decor inside, digital jukebox, huge patio, and the kind of people-watching that can only be found at CH, this Indian School and Goldwater bar is perfect for any drinking occasion--day, night or latenight.  You can even stop in after you grab your car in the morning.  ;)
5	We decided to check out Coach House last night for a few drinks to celebrate my husband's 27th birthday. We love dive to slighty dive-ish bars as they usually have cheap drinks, interesting character and personality, and a good jukebox.  Coach House fits all three of those criteria. The bartenders were extremely friendly and chit-chatted with us a bit. The clientele is quite mixed, but it was great to see tons of people singing along to the jukebox without a care in the world. Someone definitely loaded up on the Michael Jackson selections that the jukebox offers, as we heard a couple of MJ songs from back in the day (you know, when he was black and had a nose). It definitely looks like Christmas threw up inside Coach House, but it gives it character and personality, which I appreciate. I know I will definitely be back to Coach House because any bar that opens at 6 am gets an A in my book!
4	Wild little place & great cheap-ass drinks! (a real shocker in old town).Always busy late at night... and crazy busy on weekends.Love it around the holidays -- these guys must put up over a million Christmas lights!The dive bar of dive bars in Scottsdale!
4	In the style of Irvine Welsh:The security dude is engrossed in chatting up this sexy catgirl at the front a has station who seem ta ken each other, likesay, so ah cut through the pub, which is busy, likesay, really busy.  Mibbe ah'll have a bit of the pish, mibbe a Miller Lite likesay.  Aw hell, the fookin queue fa the bar is arse fulla radge cunts.   -- Haud on mate.   -- Eh?  Aoright.  Miller fra da Sticky-Vicky cunt mindin the troth, say?   -- Hae'nt goat no-in ta pay the bird wi.     -- Eh, welw, i ha two tenners in me poakets.  Better'in strugglin up ta the bar,  bleedin fookin deathtrip, tis.  I ken some donk bastard fancied upta place, like.  Christmas year roond, and the lot?   -- Reckon so.Craig, Cho, Debo, Mel, Jerr, fellow footie fighter, to be sure, to be sure likesay, fuckoffs off ta find a spot ta mind the pish.  Bleedin gilled up wi punters and cunts.  Fuck.  Fuck.  Fuck.  Aw fuck.  Craig was right.  Its hard ta change people.  Ken the cunts in Scottsdale proper, like, is the same cunts who fancy a jabby like dissun.    Naemind, thas awright anyhae, the fookin pub style is shite  total fookin dive, like.  Yet, the spot is fookin sweet fa yer and yer mates especially iffin yer inna the Spring Training and the lot, eftir the matches, like.  The year past, eh, the gov who runs the spots sais ee's got a bit of the meat fae oos.  Cooked us up a fajita, like, no charge, like.  Fookin, professional, thae man.  We punters ah'll be back.
3	There is nothing special about this place to speak of, hardly a place I'd seek out to go to again. It's in the heart of Old Town, but doesn't feel Scottsdalian at all. I guess it's an OK place to hang out, they have a patio and a cozy interior, (like TT Roadhouse's decor but bigger, and not as cool)  I thought the choice of beer was lacking, the service slow and obnoxious. I fell like I was bothering the bartender by ordering drinks. I really haven't had that experience too often in Phoenix, in Boston every bartender is annoyed to serve you, so I am used to it, but this is Phoenix damn it!  One guy in particular just stood behind the bar with his arms folded, I am not sure of his "role" in the whole bar tending process. He didn't even pick up a glass, just stood in defiance of the customers. Overall, this place is decent, but I wouldn't choose to go again, I met some friends here and we proceeded to go elsewhere after.It seems as if the Coach House is meant to be a place you meet up have a drink, then bounce to someplace else. I kept wondering, where are all the fine leather couches, and handbags...LOL! ;)
4	Ok, so this is definitely not the type of place I would normally choose to go to, I usually draw the line at "pub" type places and this definitely stretches into the "dive" category (though arguably not by much).  But if the majority within a group of my friends wanted to come here I wouldn't mind.  The layout is interesting with the semi-open small inside bar area and the much larger patio.  The patio is really just a glorified parking lot.  It's cheap and laid back but I was still able to get my staple Ketel One and Red Bull.  The crowd ranged wildly, earlier on (we got there around 7:30ish) it was mostly bikers and your standard middle-aged dive bar regulars.  By the time we left (around 11:30) it had crossed over to the younger crowd, some of your typical "Scottsdale" and some more typical of a dive. 4 stars for 4 reasons - 1. When we got there, the first thing I noticed when we went up to the bar was that they had NESN on one of the tvs and were showing the Red Sox post-game show!  No sound but I was able to get a little of my fix in.  I may just have to stop in here to catch some games.2. XM Top Tracks was the music of choice on the sound system.  Nice.3. The most high-tech and flashy version of Photo Hunt I've ever played, with 2 credits already on the machine.  Now I own the top 6 high scores :-) (Along with fellow Yelpers Melissa H and Jake D)4. Miller Chill promoters that were actually nice, friendly, and happy to be there.  I can't tell you how many bars/lounges/clubs I've been to in the valley where there are promoters from some liquor or beer and they are just angry sour-looking asshats that just throw free swag at you as they run by.  I don't understand it at all.  Um, your job is simple - put on a smile, talk to the patrons about your product, and have a good time.  Apparently that's not the way things are done around here.
3	This is an old classic. It's neat enough inside to go just for the hell of it. It's like an antique or a museum piece. The drink prices are from a different era as well. If you can grab a good spot, you'll have a nice comfortable evening. The place is tight and kinda cramped though, so if it's crowded you may only want to go if you like rubbing up against strangers (you do like that, don't you - sick dirty pervert).The decor is not as inspired as a proper hip dive bar should be, and the typical crowd here isn't very remarkable. Coach House dances on the edge of cool.The experiences I've had here over the years have been a mixed bag. The crowd is also a bag - a bag of douche. It's best to go on a night when it's slow and bring your own crowd. The staff here is good... apart from the security - which are humorless thugs. Two stars on busy nights because of the type of crowd that occupies it, and a potential for four on any other given non-busy night. In any case, it's totally worth checking out at least once or twice.
4	Gotta love ANY bar in old town that is almost devoid of scottstitutes.  I didn't see any bimbettes wearing the traditional old town scottstitute uniform (bleached blond hair, FMPs, and a black spandex mini)Great place.  excellent hanging outside and lots of good corners inside.
4	One of the best, least pretentious hole in the wall bars in Scottsdale. Crowd is a good mix of laid back 20-40 somethings with a few old timers mixed in.
5	I am a big fan of dive-type bars.  Why the hell I've never been to the Coach House is beyond me.  I came here on a Saturday for the first time and loved every second that I was here.  The inside of this place is about the size of my office cubicle, which makes for a nice cozy gathering.  Crammed in here you will find a golden tee machine and a pool table, along with a small bar area to hang out at.  I personally recommend getting a mini-pitcher of beer for yourself, but if the hard stuff is your flavor they've got a full bar, including decent wine.  The bartenders were a little slow, but on a crowded night I give them the benefit of the doubt.The patio area of the Coach House is a great place to be.  It has its own outside bar and is complete with misters to cool you down while you people watch folks from all walks of life coming in and out of this place.  You've got your hippies, your golfers, your students, your working professionals, and luckily some girl with a top on that showed off pretty much everything, including "the twins."  She didn't seem to mind the extra attention everyone with a Y chromosome was giving her.This seemed to be a popular spot for people to flock to towards the end of the night for a couple of last minute drinks and to hang out with friends before calling it a night.  I plan on being one of those types of people at this place as often as I can, as I will definitely make this a regular spot for me.
5	Fuck all of you pussies, you wannabes.  The real action here is at 6:30am.  Stiff drinks, 4 guys who've been up all night snorting coke, yelling and playing darts while horning over the some girl who was either the driver, the  girlfriend para la noche, or just a friend or sister of their crew.  Who/whatever they were, they bought me a drink and that's all that matters.  I got butterflies in my stomach just thinking about the days ten years ago when I used to party all night, snorting fat gorkers, and taking sominex just to come down and go to sleep.I got liquored up and talked politics with the old timers who deliver newspapers and gather here afterwards to suck down a few Bronsons and cigarillos.   This bar has been in continuous operation since 1959, making it one of the oldest bars in town.   According to the old timers, the filthy animals on the Scottsdale city council have had this place in their sights for years, licking their chops over the valuable land.  The city council has apparently tried to condemn this structure several times, so for unsuccessfully, (thank gawd).  I guess the land is worth big bucks and they want to turn it over to their fatcat shitbag developer cronies so they can pocket a big fat dirty payoff, to buy some more child sex slaves, no doubt.  Of course I could be giving them too much credit, maybe it's only congressmen and federal executives that have the clout and connections to afford their own child sex slaves.Somehow the conversation veered towards whether or not there should be a national health care system in the United States.  Now getting into political debates any place where alcohol is served, can sometimes wind up being a dicey situation.  That's never stopped me before though, heh, and to my pleasant surprise, we ended up reaching the following consensus:1)  War is a racket2)  America was fucked ever since the government got control of the money supply.3) The government doesn't give a fuck about us, we have to look out for each other.And that's what we did.  Micheal and I talked about our lives, his experiences in Vietnam (no he didn't pull a trigger, he drove a truck, and I told him I'm damn glad he didn't kill anybody).  And they hooked me up with a smoke or two.  Ruth the bartender RULZ.  We got drunk, got real, and that's more than 96% of the idiot fucks that roll through this gem of a bar will ever do.
5	I finally found my dive bar.  Right when I walked into the Coach House I could smell the diviness. An old pinball game, cheesy darts, cheap drinks, and rockin music.I am in love.
4	I did not know that THIS many people frequent this dirt rockin' at the same time completely awesome establishment.  I will say that several of my "bad" nights have started at the Coach House.  "When I say bad I don't mean bad meaning BAD but bad meaning GOOD!"  -micheal jacksonCheap as hell drinks! Crown & Coke for $3...make it a double!  Yeah you should expect a little harassment from some old muskrat men.  I went for  an early happy hour around 3:30pm one day.  There were people so hammered they were falling down and wrestling! Grown men at that...not frat boys! You'd be really surprised who you run into there!  I saw my really prissy hair stylist on a random weekday.  The VP of my old company.  It's a little like Fight Club....1st rule of Coach House "No one talks about Coach House."
4	If you are into dive bars, look no further.  However, it's not THAT much of a dive bar.  I have yet to find that PERECT dive bar.  The Coachhouse has some good beer on tap and in the winter, it's a nice place to hang out at because of the outside area.  The beer is a tad expensive but the jukebox is not bad.  There is no food here that I know of.   Sometimes when I drive by in the early morning hours, there are actually patrons hanging out at The Couchhouse!!  Sometimes the BBQ is even going!  Strange little place indeed.
4	the coach house, where it's christmas almost year round.there are two things i absolutely love about this place:1. there are ALWAYS people here. even at 8am on a weekday. 2. when they decorate for the holidays, it's like a cross between the griswold's and the inside of a pinball machine. in case you need a bar to hit at 8am (and sometimes you do), this is the one to hit. you walk in, and immediately lose all shame/weirdness/insecurity about actually being in a bar at 8am on a weekday. i did this once (what? we had been up since 4am, hanging hwy banners on the east side), and i was not disappointed. my friend and i walked in and were promptly met by four guys that were obviously still out from the night before. they were so bombed, they were betting $20 against each other, playing Rock-Scissors-Paper. they then wanted to gamble on my friend and i playing it, which we quickly balked, but decided to do it when they said whomever won could keep the money. (yes, we were RSP whores that morning). my friend won us $40, so, in short, we actually made money by hitting up the Coach House at 8am on a weekday morning.secondly, if you haven't seen this place in all it's holiday decor glory, you truly haven't seen the beauty of Coach House. it is, in a word, BLINDING. and awesome. there's so much in such a small space, that when you walk in, the first five minutes are really spent just seeing fuzzy pink. it's incredible. i also saw people eat it on their bikes, drunk bicycling thru the parking lot there one evening. you just never know what you're going to get, but you're certainly not going to pay much to get it or get it anywhere else.
4	There's not much to be said that hasn't been said about the Christmas decor. I found it hilarious. So much to see on top of the great people watching. I found the Coach House refreshingly tacky and delightful. The drinks were cheap, even if you had to wait 20 minutes pushing your way through the crowd to get them. The lines to the bathroom were horrible. I believe there was only one stall in the ladies room. I cannot get over the fact that I can hang outside on a patio bar in December, it's something I can get used to though. I love this town!
4	Went here on Saturday night......... loved the Christmas decorations and hated the fact that there is only one stall in the ladies restroom!  All in all I really enjoyed the Coach House.  I am more of a fan of bars than clubs so this Scottsdale joint was right up my alley.  Not to mention the Christmas decorations really got me in the holiday spirit.  Drinks were reasonably priced, crowd is pretty laid back, it's a good time!
5	The best 'cool' place in Snottsdale!!! Kind of a dive bar but still totally popular. I just miss the ping-pong table. They must have ditched that for more table and bar space, which I guess is understandable but still. Anyway I love going there whenever. AND... it's one of the few Scottsdale places that serves (consistently) generous mixed drinks, if you know what I mean!!!!! And it never fails that I bump into great friends!
5	This was a cool dive bar.. too bad we got there in time for only round before they closed.. fun crowd!
5	Oldest tavern in Scottsdale, and still the least Scottsdale of any bar in Scottsdale.   Go early, go late, its always good.
5	My buddy and I were in town to watch some Spring Training, while walking around Old Scottsdale we literally stumbled onto this place.....and boy were we glad we did! It was not too packed for a Saturday nite (but it soon picked up!). They had a fairly good tap selection, but the best was the price....$5.50 for 2 beers...the best price I've seen in Phoenix so far. The crowd had a good range of ages...It wasn't all college age kids like Tempe. Seems like a place I'd like to hang out at home.
3	This is a cool place to go for cheap drinks.  They have a video game machine, darts, tee time game and pinball game inside, but most people hang out outside.  They don't serve any food, and the pina colada I tried was kind of warm but their drinks are cheap and the people are chill.
4	Not too much I can say that hasn't already been said. A great little no frills bar in the heart of Old Town. Cheap beer, gross bathrooms, a nice patio area, and friendly people. There have been a few interesting evenings enjoyed at this fine establishment, by my friends and I. There is the classic quote from Dallas G,"Objects in motion, remain in motion." The classic story of love that couldn't "grow" between a male and female friend originated here as well. Great memories and they serve ice cold Stella. Deducting 1 star for the apparent lack of volume control on the jukebox. Couldn't hear it at all last week. Otherwise, always good times at the Coach House.
5	Bathroom that makes you want to crap into a hole in the floor?  Check.Jukebox that has a cornucopia of blissfully crappy hairband rock? Check.Beer?  Check.Dirt parking lot? Check.All in the heart of Scottsdale?  Check.Yes, the coach house was brought to my consciousness by none other than Kathryn L., who isn't a yelper but should be, and her two lovely friends.  Dive bar perfection.  Not much space, too many smokers outside, but domestic light beer by the plenty and drunk pinball whenever you're ready to kick it up a notch.This is also a great place for spring training drinks, and if you stay here long enough you just may forget your middle name.
5	Spent the afternoon here yesterday, and felt like I knew the place as soon as I walked in.  Simply put...a great dive.  Sitting outside in the sun, drinking cold beer, listening to the band...can't ask for much more.
5	My all time favorite dive bar.  It's a great place to hang with good friends and play songs on the Juke Box.  An absolute Must for anyone and everyone.
4	When I think of Coach House, four Cs come to mind:Cheap, Chill, Charming, and Christmas!Coach House is a unique little dive bar in Old Town - it's perfect to go for a drink with friends... just know that you're going to a dive bar and you'll be fine!  (Warning - if you go during holiday time, it will likely be packed, hence my mention of Christmas above and the year-round christmas lights in the place!)Coach House recently celebrated 50 years of business - established in 1959, they are supposedly Scottsdale's Oldest Tavern!  I don't think they've re-modeled ever since... but that adds to the character of the place.  There's a parking lot and easy access to cabs because if you're hanging at Coach House for more than just a drink, you'll likely be in need of transportation home.
3	This place had nice lighting. A lot of Christmas type lights that made it alright. The place would have been great off the strength of what it looked like, the people in there killed it. If someone is coming toward the bar, that is your queue to move, these bastards didn't and looked at me like I was crazy.
3	I'm not sure that I've really had a lot of fun here, but I keep giving it another shot.  I think you need to bring a group of people here because I've found everyone to be rather cliquey and not into socializing outside of their own kind.  Maybe I just don't fit in and that's okay, the drink prices make up for it. I usually end up staying only long enough to finish one drink... which I end up downing just so I can go somewhere else.  I have a feeling that someday I will have a lot of fun here though, and maybe it will be around this Christmas.  You see, I have never visited the Coach House when it's all lit up for the Holidays and it is definitely on my list.  Maybe I'll see you there and we can have fun together?  Please, help me see what you see.
3	Inexpensive dive with a ton of both character and characters! More room to strech out your arms and legs outside than inside, but outside the smokers reign. We've spent a few sunny afternoons here coughing dust from the unpaved parking lot. Good pour on those mixed drinks, too. I've never used the bathroom here.
4	I finally see it.  Went back to the Coach House when I heard they put up the Christmas lights.  I can't imagine how much it must suck to take it all down, but it looks great.  Most importantly, I had a really good time.  I don't know if it was the festive decorations, the fact that the song selections enticed everyone to sing along, or the liquor, but everyone was super friendly.  The Coach House won me over and I'm definitely gonna make the most of the magic that happens when they put up those lights.  I guess that is my way of saying I'll be back.
4	My feelings for old town Scottsdale are lukewarm at best, but the Coach House makes me want to venture east more often.  I went for the first time recently, and I'm glad I did at this time of year.  It looks like Christmas threw up on the place, and I mean that in the very best way possible.  The patrons and staff are laid back, and the patio is roomy.  It was definitely packed, but not with the hair-gelled douches I usually associate with this area.  Win!
5	This is the oldest bar is scottsdale.  Its great fun, however it gets a little douchey on the weekends and holidays.  i actually saw a fight on xmas. (who gets into a fight on christmas?)  anyways absolute best place to go after a spring training game, they have an outdoor grill and cook up some nasty frozen burger pattys, but after sitting in the sun all day with a beer in your hand they are perfect.  hurry up march i need some baseball and coach house !!!  oh and the bathrooms are....... pungent.  DO NOT WEAR SANDALS
5	Blazing Christmas lights in February?! Yes, this is one of the many reasons I love Couch House. Last night my two girlfriends and I got out of the movies at Fashion Square and wanted to go grab a drink. Many places came to mind but we soon decided on the Couch House. It is in Old Town but not like the rest of the bars around here. A large dirt parking lot right next to the bar makes it very easy to stop by at for a quick drink. We settled up to the bar to enjoy $6.50 pitchers of beer which at most places around here can be the price of one beer. As always Couch House has a very eclectic crowd ranging from hard core regulars, bikers, frat guys, and random girls like us. Last night we chatted with many people from the 60 year old man who told my friend that she looked like the "best stripper on Van Bur en," or the Irish cougar who tried to set up my other friend with a man twice her age, and then of course the old ASU guys doing shots of tequila over and over again. A dive bar with the most entertaining and welcoming crowd, cheap beer, and blazing Christmas lights are all winners in my book!
5	"You're from East L.A? Got any Coke?"Ah yes, stay classy Coach House. On second thought.. Don't, I love you the way you are. "NO FIREARMS" sign at the entrance and all. For the most part that's the sort of conversation you'll get into when you're at the Coach House. And to be honest, I'm not even sure how we got to that point. But man, oh man, that's the sort of thing I love about road trips and visiting random watering holes like the Coach House. You'll also wonder what is up with the over load of Christmas decorations they have going on here. But you know what, that's perfectly fine. It does sort of make the place look glittery and oh so special. Which I'm sure adds in after you've had one too many and start tripping on the sparkling stuff above you. The parking is pretty simple, it's a large dirt plot of land in the middle of what I would consider the classier part of town. Once you go in, after they give you a strange look for having an out of state drivers license, you'll discover a very bright world that has a lot of tensile hanging from the ceiling as I've already touched on. Beer prices were pretty damn cheap. And really, it's all about the conversations and the people you come across. Not to mention that they have Pin Ball machines! The inside is a little cramp but you have a lot of space outside. Which leads to a lot of folks drunk in the patio smoking. Good times.This is a dive bar by the books and a great and very interesting place to visit. And if you're too drunk to stumble to your car, there's someone who comes in a little golf kart asking if you need a ride. Which wasn't really helpful in my situation as we were in front of the car when he asked. Whooops! Over all, it was a fun bar to toss a couple back at and really, do you need to be told not to bring a gun into a bar? Oh Arizona laws.. Never change. Never change.
2	I was pre-warned that this is a dive bar, but still, this was low even for my standards. There wasn't much that I really cared for except for my cheap $3 mich ultra. The place is really small and it was packed so it was really difficult to move around. The bathroom was insanely small and crowded with a bunch of chicks primping (not that this place really called for any necessary primping).I can get past all of the surface stuff, but the service is what really turned me off to this place. Although the bar was pretty full, there weren't many people actually sitting at the bar, so I sat down on a stool and waited about ten minutes to even be asked for my drink order. I get that can happen when people are busy, but the bartenders walked right past me and looked at me a few times, cash in hand. After I did get my first drink, getting the second was even trickier! After seeming complely invisible to the bartenders I was finally served by the barback that happened to be up there putting something away.Everyone elses reviews seem to indicate this is a cool place, so maybe I just wasn't in the right frame of mind. Either way, waiting so long to be served is a big downfall at a bar in my book, so Coach House gets 2 stars for now. I'm not opposed to giving it another try though and hopefully my next experience will get a higher rating!
4	Was I here? You know it's a good night when your credit card receipt says so. Reports from a few friends tell me that we all had a grand time, and that the bartenders were plenty generous with their pours. Good times, like I said, and if I had to fault a dive of a bar like this, it's only for having a digital jukebox when a real one would suffice. Once you pull up in that dirt parking lot, you know things are gonna get loud! Budweiser out a bottle on a cool spring night... life ain't so bad!
4	Where can you go any day of the week in Scottsdale and be assured they are open and poppin...? Coach House for sure! If you aren't familiar.... do you know that little building in Scottsdale that has like a bazillion lights on it at Christmas time? That's the Coach House. The Coach House is a bit dive-ish, but only because the drinks are cheap and it's small. There is a great patio with lots of seating, with a couple of TVs so you can catch the Suns game too. If you are looking for a chill social evening with some rather inexpensive (especially for being right in the heart of Old Town) drinks, Coach House is your bar.
4	I recently revisited Coach House for the Yelp in Bloom after party, so it's time for an update and fresh in my mind... And after reading my original review, my husband kindly informed me that Coach House did indeed remodel several years back.  They added an outdoor bar, some hanging outdoor heaters, and additional patio space.  For some reason, the extra outdoor space does nothing to hide the odor of stale cigarettes and sticky beer spills.  Don't get me wrong, I love a dive bar every once-in-awhile, especially when it's super close to my house, but Coach House will never be a regular in my rotation... and will always require a good ten minute shower and shampoo / conditioning rinse of my hair.  They may have remodeled but some things never change... including the dive bar scent at Coach House!
4	I had never visited this little dwelling, but I can assure you I will re-visit!  Coach House is the epitome of dive, and I enjoyed it!!!  Seriously cheap drinks.  I think it was $8 for two Ketel cocktails...Coach House was exactly what my confidence needed after having walked fashion square & dealing with the up & downs...
4	Any bar in Scottsdale with a gravel parking lot is definitely a sign that all things trendy can take a flying f*ck. But I digress... If you can get past the hoards of smokers outside and actually get inside, you have reached the Promised Land of dive bars. Super generous on the pours. Good music. Great, friendly staff. Not too many douchebaggy guys, either. Which is always a bonus in Scottsdale.
3	I was informed this is the oldest bar in Scottsdale.  We may have something in common because I felt like one of the oldest people in the bar.  Our somewhat rowdy crowd (we came straight from a big Yelp bash) took over most of the inside and outside of the house.  The dart board seemed to be a popular attraction and (of course) the area around the bar was quite crowded. It was a bit too crowded for my liking and the outside patio was quite smoky. In my old age of (ahem) 29 I'd rather hang out in a lounge sipping a fancy cocktail, but looks like the Coach House suits many others jut fine.
4	Sir Nicholas' nickname happens to be "coach" so me liking Coach House seems rather serendipitous. Also, Coach House is a dive bar so there's really no way I wasn't going to enjoy this place.It's kind of loud and rowdy, and the ratio of youngsters to old-timers was just a tad off on the night I was there for a true dive bar. But, that was probably our fault - after all it was the after party for Yelp in Bloom. Drinks are stiff and cheap. The surroundings are dirty. The locals are playing darts. Everything was as it should be with the exception of that dreaded Internet jukebox. Don't get me wrong - I love the Interwebs, just not for playing my music.
4	A nice slice of dive in the middle of club town.  Only place I really enjoyed while hitting up Olde Towne one night.  We went on a Wednesday, and the place still had a decent crowd.  Threw some darts, pitchers of beer, and not too bad of scenery for it being only Hump Day.  If only we stayed longer...
2	This place is tiny tiny and overerly crowded, but I wasn't one of the dueshbags that didn't understand that, seriously someone bumps into to you get over especialy if the guy that bumps into is intoxicated and the other guy is twice your size, have fun and relax! Other then a few dumb people and the size of this place, the staff was friendly and the drinks were pretty good, I just don't think I can handle being this crowded I need my personal space and other people do to!
4	Neighborhood bar in Scottsdale?  Yes, it actully does happen.  Get away from the pretentious crap and come hang out at this place.  Strong pours and great for people watching.  I highly recommend a cab if you plan on hanging out here for longer than 20 minutes...  It's a must during Christmas just to see the inside of the place!!
4	great little dive bar. cheap drink prices. good people watching. this afternoon, loads of douchy pseudo-bikers....middle age dudes and chics with designer jeans, designer pointy shoes, designer leather and helmets, perfect hair, all admiring their ridiculously expensive custom bikes. more power to you. i just assumed this crowd went to somewhere like the sandbar and not coach house.
5	By far my favorite crap hole in Scottsdale.Can't beat the price to booze ratio.  The clientele will always make you feel more sober than the guy next to you, which can be comforting at times.They just started "Elvis at Noon" on Wednesday night.  It is awesome!GO GO GO...  just don't go on a weekend night.  Don't go anywhere in Scottsdale on a weekend night.  Mwah hahaha
4	There is not too much to say that hasn't already been said about this dive bar institution.  NO FIREARMS sign at the ID entrance is funny.  We noted a very diverse crowd ranging from hard core regulars, bikers, frat guys, business guy and some girls that wanted to be talked to and some that did not.  I went to drink and the drinks are strong and cheap.  I would rather drink in the shade on the patio versus inside.  I will be back in the future...perhaps to see the Christmas lights. However, there is one thing that needs to change...the claustrophobic urinal in the men's restroom that smells like the worst carnival outhouse you have ever been in...actually an improvement may be to place some outhouses on the dirt/gravel parking lot.  They may need to post a NO TIPPING sign on them.  LOL  If you havent been to Coach House you havent been to Scottsdale.
4	Great dive bar!I don't have a ton to add to what others have said. However, I will say that they have -real- bartenders here. Some of you will know why this matters, and some won't. If you only ever order bottled beer, you probably don't care. But if you've ever ordered a sloe gin fizz from a server and had her come back ten minutes later and go, "Um, like, what's in a sloe gin fizz?" then you do care. Great bartenders at Coach House know their shizzle from their fizzle.
3	We're recent arrivals to Scottsdale and after a few weeks of over-exposure to the extreme Jersey Shore douchiness of the local nightlife, we decided we needed something a bit more, uhm, unpretentious.I did a Yelp search for "dive bars" and this was the first one that came up, so we headed right over there to check it out.  It did not disappoint.  Nobody in the bar was orange in color, we didn't see a single faux hawk, no midget bodybuilders in Affliction shirts and nary a single leased Porsche in the dirt field that passes for a parking lot.  I assume that's what the doormen is for because judging by the Fellini-esque crowd that drinks there, I can't really imagine who else he might be there to exclude.Drinks were cheap and the crowd had that dive bar "je ne sais quois"  that can't be faked - an ineffable combination of drunkenness and regret combined with wildly improbable hopes that tonight is the night that it will all turn around.  In other words, a perfect place to drink. (Insert your favorite Tom Waits lyric here.)Smoker friendly, to put it mildly. I'm surprised they don't give you a pack of Lucky Strikes at the door.While not quite up to the supreme Dive Bar standards of, say, Mac's Club Deuce in Miami Beach or Boardner's in LA, it's a solid in-state contender.It is what it is. Which in a town where a significant portion of the stuff is not what it appears to be is a very good thing indeed.We like it.
4	My review of the Coach House varies by season. Groups of us go here every December dressed in Santa attire to be surrounded by the thousands of pretty little lights and crowded holiday atmosphere. Wear some of those rockin' 3D holiday glasses that make the lights look like snowmen, santas, reindeer and candy canes. What a rush!They expand the patio (parking lot) area at this time, making it much more comfortable, but they could definitely do without the numerous space heaters that burn the top of your head.During the rest of the year, the Coach House is more laid back, chilled and far less crowded. My friends and I (one in particular) like to go here within an hour of closing time to people watch and laugh at the drunks trying for last minute hook-ups.We'll definitely go back!
4	It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas... every day of the week. At least it is here at Coach House. Coach House was one of the first bars I visited upon my arrival to the Valley. Coming from the dive capital of the state (Tucson), dive bars were my safe haven and I heard that Coach House was the mother of all dive bar safe havens. As the oldest bar in Scottsdale, it deserves this title too.Coach House is ugly. It is. It's dirty. Sometimes the bathrooms are broken. And don't even think about using the boy's bathroom if the girl's is out of commission. In that case you hold it or you use the portapotty outside. At Coach House, you respect the regulars and don't think about messing with them. Those who act like they are better than you shouldn't step inside Coach House and you shouldn't enter unless you plan on stumbling out and as happy and drunk as can be. Bar crawls? You have to start here. Wedding weekend? One too many cocktails at the rehearsal dinner and you'll see the suits stumble in. Bachelor/ette parties? I've seen the boas and crowns stop in on the way to the bars. And then you've got your golfers, day drinkers, sports enthusiasts, locals and college kids taking up the rest of the bar. Christmas lights light up the Coach House on a regular day but come the Christmas season and you won't be able to walk a step without seeing a new Christmas decoration or lights in front of you. Coach House is the staple bar in Old Town. It's not a bottle service "so Scottsdale" bar, it's dive bar you call home and miss when you're on vacation.
5	Great stop on the way home! Meet your friends here, and get ready for the fun! This place just makes you smile... Fun, inexpensive and awesome location. Love this place. Call your friends and stop in - always a great time
4	I had on experience with Coach House and if I lived in Old Town, I am sure I would be a regular there.  The drinks are cheap and the atmosphere is both casual and gaudy.  Inside is cramped, but the best part of living in Phoenix is the great nighttime weather.  It's a little ugly and the Christmas lights shrouding the place might seem a first a bit crass, but its a dive bar and it does that perfectly.
4	Its a dive.  But it makes me happy to go there because of the people watching, cheap drinks and outdoor tables with heaters.But make no mistake, its a dive.  With amazing decorations during the Holiday season.
4	Good times!  Went shopping today then met up with a gal pal at the Coach House because I had never been here, but I had heard about it many times!  The Christmas lights are quite impressive this time of year and the service was good.  They have glasses you can look through that make all the lights look wacky, so make sure to have a peek.  The bar didn't look too divey with heat lamps and all the lights up, but I'm sure when the decorations are down the place looks much different!  The crowd is a good mix too.
4	It will be a very sad day when this place is plowed under and replaced by some concept restaurant or medical-office space. It's a small reminder of the wacky little place that Scottsdale used to be and hasn't been in like 40 years. Go now before it's too late.
3	This is a fun little dive, that had super eye catching decorations for Christmas. I liked the outdoor seating- it's a great place to meet up w/  group of friends for drinks. Everybody that worked there was really friendly, and everybody drinking there seemed to be having a really good time. So all in all, I would definitely return!
4	Cool bar with laid back atmosphereCheck it out...They made this place very very festive for the holidays.  The place doesnt look as much as a dive bar when disguised as Santa's house.Very cozy place with seemingly nice people.
3	This is a totally a dive bar with an overall laid back atmosphere. The bar in itself is really cool. But from time to time I run into the Scottsdale douchebaggery that I cannot get away from!! But with that this is totally a place where I can go for happy hour, pregame, or hell spend the whole night here. I won't go out of my way to come here but if I'm in the neighborhood I will stop by and see how the vibe is for sure.
5	Oh the weather outside is frightful - but the Coach House is delightful, and since we've no place to go!  Well you get the point and we're not snowing anytime soon in Phoenix :(  and no that drizzle of snow is not considered snowing!  I love this place during X-mas especially - X-mas wrappings all over the walls and ceiling.  X-mas lights all over and under.  Man I hate to be the guy assigned to take it down!  Though it makes this place so cozy.  Drinks are pretty inexpensive here also so bottoms-up!  - Enjoy
4	Coach house is your favorite dive bar...this bar reminds me of almost every shit hole in the upper peninsula of Michigan. A great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day. Drinks are cheap and the staff is friendly. Plenty of games to play and TV's to watch. If you have never been I would definitely check it out.
5	Let's face it. This bar has been around the block...so to speak.  It's a classic bar with an eclectic crowd.  It's not for the pretentious at heart. It's for people who just want a cold beer or a stiff drink and don't want pay a fortune for it.  Seriously, $3 domestics, and $4 wells at most and they taste more like a double.  You're always sure to see someone you know or maybe ten. It's the go to spot when you're not sure where to go. Sure, there are other nearby bars, even the casual ones like the Spur and Old Town Tavern charge too damn much and if I have one more bitchy female bartender, with attitude, who thinks us patrons exist to worship them, I'll vomit. Really, friendly, fast, affordable service in a laid back environment...it doesn't have to be that difficult and Coach House usually gets it!
5	My most recent visit was on St Patty's Day.  Beautiful weather and a great day to be hanging out on the front patio.  Always fun listening to P-body's band.
5	I cannot believe I haven't reviewed Coach House yet.  This is truly my favorite bar and always my 'go-to' spot.  Great location in old town but without the typical Scottsdale crowd.  Lots of parking.  Great bartenders.  Cheap and strong drinks (best combination).  Moderately sanitary bathrooms.  Crazy christmas lights and decorations.  If you are lucky enough to go around the holiday season... it is literally like Santa threw up all over Coach House.  Lights, wrapping paper, ornaments, candy canes, shitty Christmas decorations up the ying yang.  Its wonderful.  I would not want to be the guy having to put up/take down all that each year.  Every single time I go to Coach House, it is an awesome time.  Always meet interesting people and have actually made a few friends from my encounters there.  The inside is fairly small with rickety tables but a great jukebox and arcade games.  Large outdoor area to meander as well. *BEST BAR IN OLD TOWN*
4	Classic Scottsdale dive bar. This place has been here for 30 plus years and is a great spot in Downtown Scottsdale. Very chill and very inexpensive for all drinks.
4	Definite dive bar in Scottsdale, but fun all the same.  The regulars and the bartenders were great entertainment!  Cheap beer and good people watching...fun place for a Saturday afternoon!
1	This place is WAYYYY too full of itself and substandard to receive anything more than a single star rating. First off, their ID checkers have the arrogance and attitude of New York club bouncers - Hey fellas, don't flatter yourselves, it's a crappy dive bar (just because you get some low-end Scottsdale yuppies as regulars doesn't mean you're big time, K?). Thought they were bouncing at Studio 54 or something...Next up, the last two times I lowered my standards and entered this place I GOT NO SERVICE. AT ALL. I stood/sat up at the inside bar for a full 5 mins. once, and like a minute the next time, and said "Fuck this place. I'm never coming back here". Then, when I went to leave, I had to go through a phalanx of overly self-important security goons, and basically told them off. It's kind of a shame, too, because this place is like a 10 min. walk from my house. No, on second thought, it's no shame at all. For me. The shame is on them. Whatever!
4	Does anyone even go to a dive bar to get spectacular service? Even when it's empty? Nope.What do you go here for? People watching. Relaxing. Chatting with some friends. Chatting with some random strangers. Having a brew while you're at it. All of these things I can do at Coach House. All of these things I love doing at Coach House.Outdoors is by far my favorite place to sit. I feel here is where people watching is at its finest and the true dive bar comes out. It's also where the bouncers have been when I've came by at night... and they have some awesome stories to share themselves. Sure you will smell cigarettes. Sure your heels may stick to the screwdriver and PBR laced floor. But why are you wearing heels to begin with? And sure, you may feel like you need a hazmat shower when you leave, but that's all part of the fun.
5	Get past all the cheezy places east of scottsdale rd by the Martini Ranch/ Axis/Radius,etc and you will find a dive that rivals some of the best bar experiences in the country,The Coach house is cool,  you see. During the summer and spring training, they offer free bbq on the patio, a great outdoor setting with sprayers, and if you hang inside you have the juke box + video games.Most diverse and interesting scene in downtown Scottsdale. Those that scuff at it, just  don't know! Cheap drinks too!A classic in AZ.
5	This review is for 06/11/2011. Don't worry, I will write my review for Black Chile Mexican Grill later. I only have a couple hours left in Phoenix and I had to make the most of it. It was the best final decision for the night and stay. I was staying over in Phoenix most of the time and I didn't realize Scottsdale was next door. Well, ON FORWARD to COACH HOUSE!!I arrived around 7:30pm. From the outside, it looked like a horse stable. The parking lot is unpaved and seems like something from Roadhouse than it did Coach House. There two bouncers at the entrance and they will swipe your ID for verification. I have no idea what the drinking laws are for Phoenix, AZ. It was a bit quiet here, but it would pick up in an hour.I met an Asian bartender named Aaron. The first Asian I have seen in Phoenix in a long time. He was a cool guy. I asked him about their drink special and he said, "Cranberry Vodka". My favorite drink. Coach House was not cheap about their drinks. When they pour their drinks, they give you the best for your buck. Cranberry Vodka was only $4.50. I had a few...lol. I met a few new friends here and we talked. It was wonderful to be at a local hangout. I feel I belong here. There were TVs here, but I only watched for a few minutes before someone was chatting with me. On a hot day, the water mist is on and it feels much cooler to be there. This was an amazing place to be on my last evening with a few hours left. I am thinking about moving out here. Stress of Los Angeles can shorten your life and Phoenix can give you a fresh mind....Well...unless the Coach House gets to you. :) Now knowing a classmate lives around here, I'll make sure to come back in this direction again.The Yelp Universe. Where are you traveling today?
1	Came here for the first time. A roach crawled on my arm the first five minutes. Not a good thing.
4	The best dive bar in Scottsdale.  Lots of parking and a great vibe.  I've been going here with friends for over 15 years and will continue to for years to come.
3	Inexpensive.... been coming here for years and the bartenders are great. When u sit on the patio u feel like you're at a ranch. Some douche does happen here.... close enough to the border Of the Land Of the Lames.... but still pretty safe. Parties and grilling happen here often. Day drinking is a given
5	A friend took me here as a novelty stop when it was properly primped and decorated for Christmas, but I've been back every time I've returned to Arizona since then at all different times of year.  A dive with history, it's simply a great bar with character all its own, with a cool setting in town, and it's missing nothing that I like in a watering hole.  The beers are plentiful and cold - I like grabbing a pitcher here.  The people-watching and friendliness of the clientele are excellent (one local spilled a story about helping an old lady move, his softball league games for the week, and the newest ASU prospects to hit the majors in about a four minute, "I gotta hit the head but I GOTTA spill these beans"-fueled span on my last visit).  The TVs are showing sports, the pinball machines are a good time, and the outdoor seating area is a fine attraction all its own, complete with misters for the hotter weather.  About 12 miles from downtown or Sky Harbor, 35 miles from my in-laws', and 2,600 miles from my house, it's worth the trek at nearly any distance.
5	It's the Coach House!!!  Do I really need to say more?  This place is a landmark start to any party!
5	If Clark Griswold could only see this. He would sure be proud of the Christmas spectacle and light show that goes on at The Coach House each year during the holidays. It's the oldest bar in Scottsdale and has earned some major points with locals in the area. It's your typical dive bar, but during the holiday times the entire place is wrapped in holiday wrapping paper and then doused in twinkle lights, ornaments, tinsel and Christmas spirit. Even when it doesn't look like Christmas threw up all over the place the Coach House is still a great end to the night. The mix of clientele makes it good for pretty much any ages (minus those 21 and under obviously). You best be on some good behaviour or at least be able to decently hold your liquour because this place doesn't put up with crap. They'll kick you out with no hesitation, but hey it's not me they are kicking out so I continue to love the place. Everyone must go during the holidays though.
4	Cheap drinks..make that cheap strong drinks, Christmas lights coming out the wazoo, live music, quick and speedy bartenders, indoor/outdoor kick it area and a nice blended crowd. This time of year you cannot tell what a true dive bar this is since the xmas lights make it ohh soooo purrrddyyyy BUT it is a dive bar, a wonderful decorated dive bar that can't help but put you in a cheery mood :)
4	The Christmas lights are quite a sight in this small bar.  The prices are good.  I went on a Sunday during football so there was a bit of a crowd but still enough room in this tiny bar because of the patio.  I'll be back when in the area for a quick cocktail or two.  I love dive bars.  There are some "true" bikers there, but the majority are rich guys pretending to be bikers.  It is HILARIOUS.Worth a stop just for that.
5	I've only been here during Christmas season, the place is so lit up with Christmas lights you can see it over a mile away. It definitely has an old dive-y atmosphere, but who doesn't like a comfortable, quaint little charming bar that serves cheap booze right? Its small inside, but has a good size patio full of heaters, and this place pulls in a decent crowd too. I hear it's the oldest tavern in Scottsdale, I really hope it lasts many more decades.
5	It is what it is....... It's the oldest bar in Old Town Scottsdale, and has the coolest year round light show of anywhere else in the neighborhood.They do sell Slim Jim's and bags of chips, but nothing more as far as food is concerned...lolThey have cheap drinks, a small indoor area with a Juke Box, many characters, and during the Holidays, it looks like a spectacle of lights that you would only expect to see in a psyhadelic vision or in a Chevy Chase movie. :)It is a social spot that attracts old timers at 6AM on Sundays, along with those who are deep in the realms of paranoia from a lack of sleep the night before. It is a place to indulge in a psychadelic sunrise, and take the edge off when in one of those vulnerable and unclear states of mind.It welcomes all walks of life, both straight edge, and those who have fallen off the cliff.Check it out if you are into that sort of thing.They do what they have done for the entire history of the place and they do it well.So go indulge, don't expect much, and have a good time! Cheers =)
5	Always have a special spot in my heart for dive bars, especially the Coach House. Love this place!
4	Oldest bar in Scottsdale, Christmas lights twinkling inside - everywhere!  Cheap beer,  pitchers, great hours (if you need a bloody Mary first thing in the morning, this is the place!).  What more can I say?  This place is awesome!  I especially like the bartenders and I think they must have some pretty great stories to share, because there is always something entertaining going on here.  People watching is great,  you just can't go wrong here!
5	This is where I come to do all my Christmas 'shopping' each year.Actually, I do it all online, but no-one needs to know.
4	Cool little biker bar with awesome bartenders!  Love their selection of pinnacle vodkas!  :)
5	Scottsdales greatest dive bar. You can't go wrong with this little gem. I was surprised how many ladies that were there.
5	Loved this bar, stopped in for the first time in March.Outside and live music, heavy shots, and they have a cart on the patio that sells MEAT CUPS.....say no more.
4	This place is pretty awesome. It's a tiny place and it gets packed but the drinks are good and the people are pretty awesome as well. It's another awesome dive and find in the Old Town area.
5	If you were to look up "Dive Bar" in the dictionary (ok, Wikipedia for you cyber geeks).. The Coach House would pop up as the prime example:...A beacon of light amongst the carnage of Scottsdale Foo-Foo... An Oasis amongst the desert sands of Arizona....Great drink prices...great tunes ...and the full spectrum of females (from the young hipsters to the wanna be cougars..and that's just the bar tenders!!!). ... And the icing on the cake are the HD TVs.
5	Oldest. Bar. In. Old. Town. (yeah we know Rusty Spur claims the title too, but we are biased). What The Coach House lacks in sophistication it makes up for in character. This is where all the locals can be found. No frills though, this is a real Old Town bar. See those hitching rails up front, yeah occasionally you will actually see horses tied up there right next to the Harley's. Everyone is welcome here. Often the start of Pub Crawls and Bachelor parties, The Coach House has a real diverse crowd, but that is the charm. Did we mention that you can smoke on the patio? Look for The Coach House to have live bands for special events and we will keep you informed via Facebook of when they do. Every Sunday at 2pm, they also offer a FREE BBQ to guests... yep it's yummy!
4	This place is such a classic of Old Town Scottsdale... Very chill vibe, get your drink on and get on with your night.Not a lot of young people which is perfect for 30+Great drink specials, unobtrusive security and the ambiance where you just want to relax, drink and talk with friends! If you're visiting Scottsdale, this place is a must chill out at!
5	My best bar in all of Arizona.  Love the Christmas decorations, bartenders the best.
5	Perhaps the greatest dive bar ever. Killer Bloody Mary and free lunch on Sunday. Thank you !!!!
4	I really enjoyed this bar. It was all decked out in christmas lights inside and outside. It was very cool dive bar. The drink service was exteremly slow and it was a little small or maybe it felt small because there was so many people there. They didn't have any food. They had live music the night I was there. I would recommend to others.
4	it's christmas and time again for a visit to Arizona's gaudiest and most charming decorated bar. there was an enormous crowd this night, but we squeezed our way through to the back bar and waited about 3 minutes for the bartender to take our drink order. for a gin on the rocks, a blue moon, and a vodka cranberry, tab was 11 bucks (cheeeeeeep!). the lights are amazing and if there were fewer people, i would've been more than happy to just stare at just how many lights and how much stuff is stapled to the celings, walls, and trees. a big party of power drinkers was nearby, and getting kinda rowdy with another group of power drinkers. we sensed that fact, and since i am a little dude, we made our way out of the bar area before finishing our drinks. the door men and bartenders have always been friendly to us. if we drank more frequently, coach house is so fun, we would come here more regularly.
5	Oh the Coach house! We've been here before but never during the holidays. Every year they win some kind of title for most gawdy light display, and if you drive past it you'll see why. It looks like the Griswald's house! However nothing had prepared me for the inside and all it's magical holiday spendor. Every inch of the place.....every wall, ceiling beam, corner, was decorated with holiday paper, tinsel, and lights. It was impressive. We went on a Friday night and it was packed with people!!! Their inside bar is a little small but the good thing is they have an outside patio area as well. This bar is a fun Scottsdale staple to check out anytime, but definitely during the holiday season if you want a hefty dose of Christmas cheer.
4	So it is that time of year again where people are going to take their children to sit on Santa's lap, and others go to see the Nutcracker...well, I prefer swinging by the Coach House to check out their festive Christmas decor and drink a Guinness.  This bar is really more of a shack, and one of a few claiming to be the oldest bar in Old Town.  I only really come here during the holidays when the shack transforms into more of a gingerbread house full of random people, or if I am giving a tour of the 'oldest bars in Old Town'.  The service is always decent and quick, drinks are well poured and cheap, the crowd is always entertaining and interactive, and if you aren't into people-watching you can stare at the crazy lights and garlands.  I think this bar is open all hours you can legally drink!  Make sure to check out the pictures posted; the Christmas decorations are no joke!
4	This place is a most see must do during xmas time! The staff is always friendly, drinks are reasonable and the place is always packed on the weekends. It is a must because of their un beatable holiday spirit. This place is top to bottom decked out with lights wrapping paper and anything shinny and colorful.
4	Met up with a few friends over the weekend to get some drinks after work.  Figured we would get a few drinks and catch up on life, but i had no idea that I was walking into a Holiday Wonderland!Now there is decorating for the holidays, and then there is a Coach House holiday decorating.  Not an inch is spared for their all out, in your face holiday cheer.  From the wrapping paper, tinsel, tree ornaments, and christmas lights everywhere, it is abundantly clear that it is that magical time of the year.Beyond the holiday decor, Coach House is a pretty awesome place.  The drinks are cheap and the bartenders are quick to pour you your favorite beverage.  There's a good mix of crowds, from those pesky college kids to the young professionals to those seasoned, wiser souls.  Its a bit loud and rowdy inside, but hey, what bar isn't?  Also, if you prefer a good amount of personal space, Coach House may not be up your alley.  Expect to  get close to those around you while enjoying your drinks.
5	Great dive bar in old town ! strong drinks at cheap price.Mixed croud, friendly people. Must try !
5	A little back story...When I first moved back to AZ after graduating from college I came to the Coach House just about every Friday night & good amount of Saturdays for about 2 years. It got to a point that as soon as I got off work I would rush home, shove some food in my mouth and would get here pretty early. The plan was usually to "start" the night here, but most nights we never left. The bartenders all knew us and if it was crowded when we came in Jenny would notice us and just bring our drinks to us. I'm pretty sure the drinks are/were cheap anyway you look at, but I remember looking at my bill the next morning and was completely convinced I wasn't being charged for all my drinks/shots.I don't remember what exactly happened (except that it didn't involve me, but rather other people in my group), but unfortunately some bridges were burned (we got WAY too comfortable here) and eventually we stopped coming. I eventually came back here a few times before moving from AZ, and when I come to visit I occasionally stop in. For the most part, it's still the same (although they've expanded the front patio from when I first started coming here, but that's a good thing). It's normally packed, and as far as the people it does seem that over the years the crowd has slightly gone from not-your-typical Scottsdale regulars to people who hang out in Scottsdale quite a bit, but are trying something "different." However, I don't see where the Coach House has changed anything to accommodate this new-ish crowd, which is good.I'm just rambling on, and I realize this review isn't much of a "review." Just come to the Scottsdale gem and experience it for yourself. The holidays are especially fun, which run 'til like March/April at the Coach House (no, I'm serious).
5	Wanna go to....uh... Whuzza place... The one widda Christmas lights and stuff? Uhhh.. :hic:... Coach house! Yaaaaa riiiiight. :burp:Goes our conversation after bar number two or three. I never start my night here, we always end up here somehow. Either by cab or rickshaw or bike or golf cart. All signs point to Coach house when you're wasted. Followed by Philadelpha Sandwich Co, which you can stumble to if you're up for the walk. Even if it isn't Christmas when the place is light up for the world to see, Coach House rocks. Inside is small, but there's a small bar outside as well. The only time I've ever had to wait to get in was when the Fire Marshall was there making a show of keeping the numbers down inside. Something about safety and fire hazards and other such nonsense. Bring money for the jukebox! And don't be an idiot or you'll get kicked out. Scratch that... Just don't be an idiot.
4	Coach House is a divey, kitschy beacon in the sometimes overwhelmingly pretentious Scottsdale scene. I love their mini-pitchers - not to share. They just need PBR on tap to earn a full 5 stars.
5	Best bar in old town
5	Best Dive Bar in Old Town!  This is the place to have drinks with friends.  Best place to bring the out-of-towners.  Coach House is tiny and it should never change.  I don't recommend people with attitudes coming here if you can't stand being in a tiny place.  I love visiting this bar during the holidays.  It's like Christmas threw up!  Coach House is the bar that everyone has to check out.  It's great year round!
5	Hands down the best dive bar in the Valley. I love coach house for their cheap beer, festive decorations (from Thanksgiving until Superbowl) and for the diverse crowd. Anybody and everybody fits it at the coach house. It's always my favorite stop on bike pub crawls. I've even actually seen a lady ride a horse up and tie it up outside. Honestly, does it get more wild, wild west that that? There is no doubt the character and history of Coach House is a winner to bring old friends, new friends and out of town guests.
5	It's no secret I love to get my drink on and I love a good dive bar with stiff poured drinks.  The Coach House meets all the requirements.  From the dirt parking lot, you already know what to expect.  I've been told it's the oldest commercial structure in Scottsdale and I don't doubt it from the looks of it.  It has definitely seen some years but that's part of the charm of a dive bar right?  So the bathroom stinks and could use a thorough deep cleaning.  After a few stiff drinks from the great bartenders you won't even notice these details.  Seriously.  The drinks are strong and good.  What else does one need.  Well, maybe some visual entertainment which this place definitely provides.  Check it out!
5	What is a winesky? I'm so very glad that you asked. A winesky is a cocktail containing the happy marriage between Coach House's finest cabernet and whisky from the deepest well in all of  Scottsdale. Conceived from the mind of my favorite genius bartender, Drew, a winesky is an all out assault on your senses, and if you have one too many of them, you will surely be ass-over-tea-kettle in no time flat.Coach house is the best bar in Scottsdale. Hands down. (DJs was a close second) I generally come here with Rabbi Andrew Michael Doohan III. If it is a proper night, we will stroll in sideways at 12:00 am on the dot, and our standard order is two shots of whisky and a pitcher of Bud Light. Often, if Drew is working, he will line our order up as soon as the Rabbi and I walk in the door. He knows us a little too well, perhaps. $13 for the first round. Well shots(including wineskys) are generally $3.50. Full pitchers are $6 or $6.50(domestic, of course).I love the other bartenders too, although some of them overcharge on occasion, and they don't necessarily get my jokes.....Christmas lights from November-February. Free Barbecue every Giants home game during Spring Training, and almost every Sunday for the rest of the year.
4	Great dive bar... Love all the Christmas decorations!
5	Best Bar In Old Town.
4	Scottsdale has bars on every spectrum from fancy schmance to total dive. This is a laid back dive bar decked out in Christmas lights. When I first came here, I was completely confused..but then I read the yelp reviews and realized it was just like this all of the time. The inside bar is super tiny and every time I come, it's crowded. Outside, there's a large patio and another bar.I've been here 5 times or so...the bartender already knows my drink order. And I don't come every day, nor every week. Bonus points for that. Minus one star for the music. I just...I just can't. It's random..who's the DJ? Is this some effed up Pandora station? Black Sabbath played right after Katy Perry? I'm confused. But I forgive you..and I will be back.
4	The patio area seems to be expanding larger and larger every time I come here. This place is a lively neighborhood-dive bar with a signature decor of overwhelming holiday lights. Inside the lights cover the ceiling wall to wall.Friendly staff and comfortable setting.
5	The wife and I liked this place. We were on vacation from Cleveland and visiting family in Mesa. We decided to go out on a Saturday night and check out the local party scene. Well, unfortunately, being 30 I can tell you that this popular college party area was not quite our scene any more... After searching for a parking spot for a half hour, we stumbled upon Coach House. Touted as Scottsdale's old bar, I figured it would be perfect for Scottdale's oldest party-seeking tourists. It was perfect. We were very pleased with the laid-back environment and friendly staff. The outdoor patio is pretty cool and the whole little place just has a welcoming feel.
5	LOVE this place! I have been coming here for years normally around Thanksgiving through beginning of February.  The Christmas decor is AMAZING! This is a must-see place! They go all out with wrapping paper walls and thousands of lights everywhere.  It's always a good crowd of people, not like most typical Scottsdale bars, and the drinks are super cheap! You can't beat this place.  Recently I have been coming here more often and the people who work here are truly midwest-friendly.  LOL Check out the Coach House if you're in Scottsdale or just visiting. It's one of the oldest and most relaxed bars in Scottsdale!
4	If you were to build a perfect dive bar/ historic az bar this would be your place.  It has become a favorite of mine, filled with fun people and a friendly and kind staff.  Great place to bring out of towners for a taste of the old west and a $9 pitcher of Kiltlfter.
3	Cheap place to grab a drink ... best time of year to visit is definitely around the holidays.
5	after thoroughly reading reviews of dive bars in the area to stop by on my way thru this ritzy part of town. this place definitely lived up to the ratings and opinions. I walked over from fashion square to meet an older crowd on a Saturday afternoon. not long after quietly sitting at the bar I struck up a great conversation with a couple who happened to be frequent visitors of my homeland, Maui. it was a pleasant surprise but honestly. I had a great feeling about just from reading reviews and it didn't disappoint at all. 4$ premium draft beers, who needs a slew to choose from when all you really need is the hometown brew, kilt lifter! if ever back on this side, I'll be sure to stop by and renew the sense of happiness I gleaned from this establishment.
2	This bar is has country western decor around,it's a outdoorsy place, Really good for a smokers I'm not a fan but if you are  smoker it's the bar for you love the decorations, wasn't too busy when I was there as I drove by later that evening and was a lot more people and seems to be more of a place for the locals.
3	Walk by this bar and it's screaming for you to come inside. It's mainly the patrons, the loud music and sports on the TVs, but the loudness and energy will reel you in. They have a nice assortment of beers on tap. I even tried a local beer. Bartenders were cool. It's definitely a locals joint - but they're welcoming to outsiders.
4	Really cool place, especially when it's decorated for Christmas since I don't think there's a square inch inside without a light on it. It is dive bar style, but for what it is it's great.
1	They tow customers' cars! Seriously, I got there at 8:45 pm to meet up with my cousin while he was in town, had a couple of beers inside, and then walked out at 10:30 to find that my car was missing. I had parked on the end of the other cars, which was not a space, so my first guess was that it had been towed.... Yup.I found the phone number for the towing company on a sign on the wall of the establishment and called them. They had no record of having towed my car. Then I walked over to ask a bouncer and he confirmed that my car had been towed. I asked why, and he said that it was because I was parked improperly. I responded, "but I'm your customer and you guys went straight to towing?!" He said that he felt bad about it, but yes. Then he told me I could get the number for the towing company from the other bouncer. I called the number he gave me, and a young woman answered with a simple hello. "Uhhh, is this a towing company?"  She responded that she worked for a towing company. "Okay, I'm looking for my car and was given your number," I said. She then told me that she would text me the towing company number.... and it was the same number that I had previously called. Brilliant. I called the towing company again. Yes, they had my car and no I could not have it back -- not right now, anyway. They open tomorrow morning at 8:00. I must bring $90 to get my car back. This absolutely sucks.So let's back up a little bit. I picked Coach House because I thought it would be a good spot to escape the obnoxiousness that is more typical of the Scottsdale club scene and enjoy a beer in a laid back environment. But I guess it's the holidays.... the older cougars were out hunting and the staff were generally unpleasant. Then my car got towed. The end. That is the last $90 that Coach House ever gets out of me, so I hope their cut was worth it.
4	So glad I finally made it to Coach Bar! I've lived in Scottsdale so long now and drive past this place everyday on my way to work, so it was about time a made a visit. The holidays are here and coach house definitely has the holiday spirit! There decorations are fantastic! The outside has tons of lights and even a giant snowman on the roof, but the best part was walking inside. Literally every inch was covered in red and green tissue paper, hundreds of Christmas lights, and more and more decorations!! It's so fun to have a unique bar like this. Most of the bar is outdoor patio space, but last night with all the heaters going I didn't even need a coat. Which I was very happily surprised about cause I freeze easily! The inside of the bar I could easily say is very tiny! Like 0 shoulder room! So many people trying to move around or get up to the bar through the crowds of people stuffed inside was totally madness. Go for the atmosphere and a unique bar that's been around forever in Old Town. Good times y'all!!
5	My favorite bar in Old Town Scottsdale. If you love the dive bar atmosphere this is the place for you. The Christmas decorations is just an added bonus during the holiday season!
4	This place is a damn good place to come get a cheap drink in Old Town. Considering that the place is always packed, the bar tenders at the two bar areas manage to service everyone promptly so you really can't go wrong coming here-you WILL have a good time.My most recent experience was the same experience I ALWAYS have. It was our last stop after a night out and unfortunately it is always this final stop that ensures that I will hate myself when the sun comes up. Good time, nonetheless: the holiday festivities were in full swing, it was wall to wall people, and the drinks were a-flowin'. I was forced to do Fireball shots so that pretty much sealed my fate. Someone hugged the white wishing well in the men's room (not very well at that!) so taking a leak was pretty unpleasant. Somehow however, this was strangely fitting for the turn that the evening took.So to summarize, Coach House is the Old Faithful of Old Town. You'll find a fun crowd, cheap drinks and a non-pretentious atmosphere. You'd have to be a bit of an asshole to come here an not have at least a little fun.
4	This is a super unfair review, but I will try to remain without bias. The reason it is unfair, that I was here with a fantastic group of yelpers and I probably could be stuck in an elevator with this bunch and have a good time. So, I walked in and headed towards the bar. I assumed this was a side bar, and not the main bar, due to the size. I was wrong. This tiny little thing (not bashing tiny little things) is the entire bar. But I took the advice from Master Yoda and tried not to judge it by its size, and had decent service. Way too easy since it wasn't very loud in here, even if the place was crowded. So I spent the remainder of the night here with genuine entertainment from the group I was a part of. But what I was surprised about was the chattiness and the pleasant attitude of our fellow patrons. And this is where a place can score points in my book. Both fair service and sweet location for a dive. Low douche-factor. I will be coming back coach house.
3	All dolled up for the holidays in red and green and sparkly twinkling lights - yes! Coach House is a classic dive bar with regulars and a funky music machine and Bud on tap. We hit for the cycle from Bud to The Banquet, to Miller and PBR and right into Rolling Rock. Lively vibe with some super bartenders. A great night for sure.
5	Great place to get a drink and relax. Not very trendy but if your looking for a strong drink, this is the place.
3	Pretty much a dive bar with gravel parking lot to boot.  Historic in a sense with its own charm.  Great outdoor seating area and also patio for when they want to put a band out there.. It is what it is, a dive bar so if you are looking for anything more then not your kinda place.  Liked all the Christmas Decorations and lights they keep up year round.
4	Let's face it, Scottsdale can be a real pain in the ass.Dress codes, pomp, and general douchebaggery are not uncommon in this town.Sometimes you just want to sit down and have a beer, sans all the nonsense.Coach house is your place.There's a reason this rickety wood building is so popular.  Especially it's done up in tacky christmas lights! I It's easy, and fun, and super low maintenance.Two bars ensure you are not waiting forever to fill your glass, and the addition of a food truck out front makes satisfying the beer munchies super easy.
4	Went to coach house in December for a friends going away party and had a blast. It's AWESOME around Christmas with all the gaudy lights. The bartender drew?? I think?? Created a shot called a wineski and I drank wayyy to many, but still had a blast. It reminds me of an old divey bar I went to in college except with no college kids puking, and I don't feel like I will catch hepatitis in the bathroom. The only reason I'm giving it a 4 instead of a 5 is because it's sooooo crowded (good for business?) bad for ease of getting drinks. The staff is great and super friendly!!!!
4	Cheap, chill, and a total dive. This place rocks.Definitely the best place for day drinking on a lazy weekend afternoon out on the patio. Save this one for cool weather days.
5	Best old dive in town! Those lights during the holidays! The bartenders are great. Drew is great! Charles is great! Just an old fashioned bar in the southwest! If you end up in the Phoenix area, visit Scottsdale and get in there!
4	Hung out there with a small group on Friday night in the outdoor patio. It has a great, classic vibe. The drinks are reasonable and the patio is very eclectic. The only downside is all the smoking outside but that is what patios are for I guess. We would go back though for sure. They don't serve food but a food truck comes by and you can bring any food in you want.
5	It's a classic. Check it out for yourself to understand how glorious it really is! A true gem in Old Town that most overlook.
5	Love this bar! Mark & panty dropper Drew make the best drinks & shots...almost too good! Always a good time here- great bar for locals & travelers.
3	Cool little dive bar with friendly staff. Drinks were well made and the perfect strength.
5	Coach House is one of my fave dive bars in East Valley. Why? Because I don't feel judged here, everyone is real and friendly, drinks are cheap, and there are happy, twinkling Christmas lights out everytime I go.Please note that they aren't very big (inside or out on patio).Plus, they're in close proximity to Pattie's (another great dive joint).
4	This place is a classic!  The service has always been wonderful and just love the low key ambience.  If you are looking for a classy upscale Scottsdale bar...this is not it.  You will find friendly patrons that have been coming here for years and they have great prices on all their drinks.  They have an awesome happy hour!!The parking is a little weird but if there is a will there is a way......
4	Yep, going to this bar is clearly a right of passage in the dale. Too bad that some folks have been going here so long that before 10pm, it looks like an assisted living facility. The outdoors also seems like it draws every smoker within 50 miles to this patio only. That is clearly a downer as there is nowhere to escape, but for some reason a tiny corner of the patio near the entrance is smoke-free, but not from the smoke itself. Been here for BBQ's and mini-concerts and of course the Holiday lights are legendary. The crowds are better at night and the indoor area is small, but usually some friendly folks, but a few DBags also sneak in there during holiday season. Better to not park in the dirt lot when crowded, just park in town and walk across the street.
4	Awesome bar!  Try to go during the holidays when they have the ridiculous Clark Griswald every-inch-covered Christmas lights it's quite a spectacle.  Great non-Scottsdale crowd for a Scottsdale bar.
5	Beer, booze. Happy hour. Pitchers of beer. Free shots were offered to me and my cohorts. Sound good It is good! Crowded with locals and everyone is happy. That's cuz of the booze. But so what? Its like Scottsdale s oldest bar or something. Everyone was nice, service was good and friendly. Patio for the smokers. No food, but you are a block from Old Town. Get buzzed, find dinner. Good plan. Have a designated driver cuz Scottsdale PD does not mess around.
4	I came to Scottsdale for a Jim Butcher book signing and found this little gem just a block away from The Poisoned Pen. It's a bizarre little spot with a cozy, but incredibly dark interior and a large outdoor seating area. Good beer selection, reasonable prices, and (to my limited knowledge) the only place like it in downtown Scottsdale. I do wish there was more indoor seating - it's Arizona, I don't want to sit outside ever.
5	I am loving the food truck on Sunday's! I wanted to add, Sammy the bartender is great too! He's very quick behind the bar and just brings a positive vibe every time we see him.
5	This place is awesome! Burgers are a mile high...and the veggie burger was the best I've ever eaten! Chips, salsa, and guacamole are all homemade and delicious. I highly recommend this bar and grill!
1	Coach House discriminates against handicap. Would not allow a service animal on patio. Kept me from spending time with my family on Thanksgiving Morning! Asked for a prescription or proof of status, which is totally illegal!!! Will be filing a complaint with the ADA.http://www.ada.gov/service_animals_2010.htm
5	Scottsdale's BEST and possibly oldest dive bar!!!  I've been coming here for years and LOVE it!!  It's small, casual, and cheap.  The employees are cool and make you feel at home.  Visit during the holiday season and check out the interior lights, you'll be glad you did.
5	Where the hell have you been since I've lived here?!? I have stumbled all over Old Town and never saw you! I usually am able to sniff out dive bars (not fun by the way) and this one eluded me until they turned on their Christmas lights! How the hell could I miss that? Okay, I love dive bars, they are my go to for cocktails and friends. I love Christmas lights, and not just a strand here or there, but in your face, over the top Griswald kind of shit! The Coach House takes dive and Christmas lights to great new levels. I didn't get the normal dive bar smell here, could be the majority of the bar is outside. There are two bars, one outside and one inside (small inside). This is a no bullshit, get in line and order normal drinks. No fancy mixologist shit here! Kinda refreshing actually. We mainly found ourselves outside enjoying the live music, there is a nice long table you can stand at or tables further from the bar. Coach House, thanks for sharing your Christmas spirits! As I stumbled out of the Coach House I did have enough of my wits to bookmark your location in case the Christmas lights are off.
4	Coach House is a fine place for drinking bud lites in Scottsdale, Arizona. Service and price was very good. Enjoyed meeting local Scottsdalians outside on the street patio. The decor is awesome and gives the place a lot of character. It gets a bit busy inside and hard to move around. Yeah I reckon you're going to have a pretty good time if you're reading this and planning to go there later.
5	This place was fun to hang out at. Great menu. Waitresses were friendly. Great beer. Good food.
5	My favourite bar in old town. All the staff are so friendly and we have made many friends there since we have moved to Arizona.The bar is open from 6am until 2am and the prices are great. $3 a beer and $7 for a large pitcher.
