5	Very easily the most authentic Cuban restaurant in Las Vegas...and if you want to gamble on it, in Nevada.  My Cuban family is EXTREMELY picky about Cuban food, and claim that nobody can cook as well as my grandmother - but I must confess, some of these dishes were even better than hers.  Oh hell, she thought so too!  The ropa vieja was sweet and tender, the yucca with the perfect amount of lemon juice and garlic (too many places leave them oily), and cafes con leche that are better than some places in Miami.   If you're a vegetarian, you won't really find anything to eat (the congri has pork, the vegetarian sandwich is less-than-stellar...), but meat eaters will be very happy!It's only downfall - and for this level of flavor, it's minor,  is that Florida Cafe is located in a not so stellar location inside the HoJo's (the Howard Johnson).  [edit: and as for Linette's comment below, I just have to say (as a fellow Cuban-American) that I disagree!  We always run into random relatives and such here, all born and raised in Cuba.)]
1	What a sh*t hole... Obviously no one here has ever been to Cuba or at the least, visited Miami... The food is so nasty, the prices are unbelievable.  Why would a croqueta be $3.00?  Who knows, who cares...People from Vegas hear this:  This is not authentic Cuban trust me I am from Miami with Cuban parents.
2	Kinda greasy, service was prompt but hard to hear (he was a mumbler).  Food wasn't the worst I've had but Habana, Cuba in San Jose, CA set the bar really high and this place didn't come close.  I suppose you could do worse for a hotel restaurant.
4	The location is kind of shady but the food is great.  I often get the pierna de puerco asada @ 12.95 I hardly think that the prices are unreasonable.  The chef-owner is Cuban and moved to Las Vegas from Cuba in 1992.   This food is authentic and it is delicious.
4	I give this place 4 stars for the food and two stars for location, maybe even one!  You can get a taxi to get there, but it's almost a miracle to get one to come back and get you.  The food is great.  Authentic cuban food.  I have been here 3 times and each time the food was wonderful.  Everyone in our group, no matter what they ordered, was happy with their food.  It may be the only great deal in Vegas.
4	Though I sooo don't look it, I actually am half Cuban...and I loves me some Cuban food!  Hard to get where I live unfortunately, so when I travel, I usually try to do a search to see if any can be had in my destination city.  Did I do it before my recent last minute trip to Vegas?? Uhhh, NO!  But luckily, the sister stumbled across this little gem in the back of a magazine...yay for us!I was dubious about this place due to its location.  I mean really, how good could it be?  It was part of a crusty old Howard Johnson's in a rather run down (dare I say skanky?) part of town...not exactly inspiring!  But, for me,  the lure of platano maduro cannot, nay, WILL NOT be denied, so off to Florida Cafe we went!The restaurant was cute enough inside, with a nice tropical feel - perhaps a bit tired but had a relaxed, easy going vibe.  Our waitress was gracious, accomodating and the service was fairly prompt.  No complaints.We started off with the ensalada de aguacate. A large portion of avocado and a nice presentation...it was served dry and I missed the ubiquitous yummy garlicky dressing that I've come to expect.  We made due with the oil and vinegar available but it just wasn't the same. Still tasty though.For our entrees, we both opted for the black beans and rice and of course, my all time fav, platano maduro!!   First off, the beans were cooked perfectly...dark, rich and flavorful.  Deeelish!   As for the platano, I was in sweet ripe fried plantain heaven!!  They were uberyummy...soft, sweet, dark, dark brown (almost looked burnt, but trust me, that's a good thing!!) and had chewy, carmelized edges.  God, I live for those crusty edges!!!!  Yea, I'm weird that way!Oh and the bread was yummy too!So, is this the best Cuban food I've ever had?  No, that is reserved for Versailles in Miami and, to a lesser degree,  La Cubana in Glendale.  But it was really good...reasonable, tasty and very satisfying.  And though I cannot vouch for any of their other offerings, I was more than pleased with the experience and am looking forward to my next visit to Vegas and Florida Cafe!And yes, I did take 2 additional orders of platano maduro home with me!!!  God I love that shit!
3	The sandwiches were excellent; everything else, not so much. Meats that were dry and tasteless outside two slices of bread were tender and satisfying between them. My Cubano was well-constructed and well-seasoned, though the accompanying fries were just OK. Nevertheless, the sandwiches make this a solid cheap-by-Vegas-standards option that doesn't require you to get off Las Vegas Blvd. Don't get married here though.
4	Really loved this place.  Great value for the money on the Las Vegas Strip (kind of at the arse end of the strip, but certainly quite safe, especially if you are staying nearby or park at the HoJo where it's located inside).  I can safely say that I knew nothing of Cuban food, but I know what I like, and I LOVED their mini Cuban sandwich, served with deep fried crispy green plantain chips, and some sort of lime/garlic dressing.  It was hells of good (as they say in Socal).  Also, the servers were quite friendly.  One was not quite fully bilingual but she was sweet and cute, so we didn't mind.  The proprietor told me that this is one of three Cuban places in Vegas, another owned by his brother.  My friend loved the traditional 2-egg breakfast with all the toxins.  2 thumbs up!
4	I am going to rate this place high for the Cubano sandwich, which was packed with good pork and ham . . . but especially for the Espresso, best I've had since my trip to Havana in '97. And at $2 a demi-cup, well I had three . . .  great fuel for a late night on the town. My partner recommends the black bean soup and the avocado salad , which was a beautiful presentation of one dead ripe Forida avocado (the big ones) sliced, face down on the half shell, perfectly peeled with a lemon garnish.  Excellent.  The service, however, was crap . . .  I had to go to the bar to find my waiter who was engaged in conversation with two other gentlemen . . . in other words, the Espresso was as good as Havana and the service was on par with what the State provides on the Island.
3	Went here with a few co-workers, including a Cuban girl. She loves the place and says she forced her husband to come with her every week when she was pregnant.The location is pretty shady, inside a Howard Johnson on Las Vegas Blvd North. Parking is behind the motel and it's a bit of a walk, but once you get inside, the atmosphere in the hotel lobby and restaurant are nice enough. Service was very slow, and our waitress wasn't knowledgeable about the menu. She tried to help my friend figure out what she ordered last time, but most questions were met with an "I don't know". One of my, uh -- less inhibited -- friends started questioning her background - "are you Cuban?" ... "no" ...  "are you a white girl?!" ... "yes, but my mother is from Peru".The food was good, but very overpriced. I ordered ropa vieja ($12.95), a stew of shredded beef with tomato and spices. You can choose between white rice with black or red beans, or moros y cristianos - a tasty mixture of white rice and black beans with pork broth and a few stray cubes of pork. The side of moros almost dwarfed my saucer of ropa vieja. Another friend ordered a Cuban sandwich, also overpriced at $12.95. Another asked for extra cheese on her ground beef dish and was given one of those stainless salad dressing boats full of uncooked shredded cheese, and charged $2 for it.  They did remove it from the bill when she complained, though. The total for five of us, including two sharing an entree, was $75 before tip.Overall, the food was good, but I definitely had to dock a couple stars for the service and pricing.
3	This place has many pros and cons.The food? Good.  I love that steak sandwich they have there! YUMMY!The bugs? Bad.  I mean... it's creep to see one or two run across the bar while you eat.The service? Good.  The bartender they had at the time was great. Made us laugh, and was on top it.The location? that area the restaurant is in is not the greatest.  Although you get a good view of the strip club from the restaurant.  Sometime they will be swinging outside the club!
2	We decided to eat at The Florida Cafe because it was in our hotel. It took a while for us to get seated. The waitresses seemed off in their own world most of the time. We waited about 20 minutes before we even got our servers attention that we wanted to order. I thought the food was okay, but my husband loved what he got. When we needed refills, our waitress was nowhere to be found.
2	I got takeout from this place once.  It was not great but not horrible.  It was however very expensive.  It seems like its kind of a touristy place so they jack up the price.  Not sure.  All I know is that Rincon Criollo http://www.yelp.com/biz/rincon-criollo-las-vegas up the street is much, much better and maybe half the price..
5	The Florida Cafe in Las Vegas is an adventure. It's north of the Stratosphere and south of Downtown on Las Vegas Blvd, attached to the Howard Johnson Hotel (who knew these still existed?). There are lots of sex shops and wedding chapels in the area (apparently, the two things go hand in hand in Vegas - a more honest presentation if you ask me). You pull through the entry way and into the hotel courtyard/parking area and walk on into the lobby entry. Go into the Spanish style entry way off the lobby, and be prepared for the BEST breakfast in Vegas. The Desayuno Cubano is simply heaven. Eggs, Cuban Toast, fried plantains and stuffed potatoes, mashed potatoes that are filled with ground beef and some olive, shaped into balls then rolled in panko bread crumbs and fried, either served on a flat, plate sized piece of ham or not. Heaven! The staff is somewhat unattentive, but them's the breaks. You're at the friggin' Howard Johnson Hotel, not the Four Seasons. For the folks who say it's too expensive, I say go get your dollar hot dog at Slots of Fun or your average prime rib buffet, and pipe down. I, for one, would rather have an experience, and the Florida Cafe gives you that, and a delicious breakfast to boot!
4	The only reason I am giving this restaurant 4 stars is strictly for the food. Being from Miami, I love Cuban food and I haven't had it in a long time. The food is amazing; so much that I went there for dinner the first night and breakfast the following two mornings. If there was a rating for service I would give it a 1. The first night we arrived at around 9:20 pm (they close at 10 pm). We got our appetizers, but still had not gotten utensils or napkins. We had to ask for water twice, once when we got there and once when the appetizers arrived. Note we were the only ones in there. For breakfast the next two days, the service got worse. On the third day we waited for 15 minutes after being seated until we ordered. Our waitress seemed to avoid us every time I tried to make eye contact.  Make sure you ask for water when you get there cause we waited about 20 minutes to get water.  Our food and coffee arrived first than our water; how do you explain that?  Bottom line, this was the worst service I have ever received, but for me alone the food was worth the lack of sevice. Unfortunately, I would definitely go again.
5	A classic Cuban eatery. This place is unbelievable, offers heaping portions, is priced right, and away gives me a piece of Havana but with Desert like undertones. I have frequented this place for over 8 years and I am never dissatisfied. Plus the owners nail classic dishes like Cubano and Bistec sandwiches on the head. The grilled Pork Chops are to die for too!!
3	I give it 3.5 stars.We decided to venture out of touristville to where it is somewhat scary and you see semi-real Vegas. In other words, this place is not among the glitz and glamour of the strip. In fact, it is in a rather seedy area, but it is located within a Howard Johnson's so we checked it out. Across the street is all-nude dance place. Maybe next time....The food was very good. We started with mini-Cuban sandwiches which came with a plate of fried plantains. The plantains were not greasy at all and the sandwiches were delicious. I got some kind of chicken dish in borth (#94) and the chicken was excellent. The wife got pork from the leg and it was so soft (#81). Can't remember how to pronounce the names. Anyway, it was a really good meal. My main complaint is that although the meat was super tender and moist, neither dish had much flavor, which to me was surprising since I assumed Cuban food would be very flavorful. but both dishes were rather bland. The black beans and rice were flavorful and excellent, but the meat not so much. I would go back because I like ethnic food, but I would ask the waitress for a recommendation that had more flavor.
3	3 stars because their potatoes balls stuffed with ground beef were delicious.  Otherwise......Florida Cafe turned out to be a huge letdown for me.  For years, I've wanted to try this place that I keep hearing about from people, seeing ads for on bus stops...So one night after CES, we made last minute reservations to go.  They weren't busy...I mean, seriously, who goes to a HoJo (Howard Johnson) for dinner?  (Apparently, they're also big on weddings - saw a wedding party and huge limo milling around the parking area.)As I said, our starter, the potato balls were great.  That got us even more excited for our actual food.  We shared the following:FC's "Famous" black bean soup - Served not quite hot, which was strike #1...and basically it was just...beans.  A big ole bowl of black beans cooked for a long time.  They weren't great, flavorful or anything. It congealed as it cooled and after about 10 minutes, was no longer in the realm of appetizing.Cuban Sandwich - Unlike the soup, this dish was served lava-hot.  Even 20 minutes after it was served to us, we still burnt our tongues on the cheese.  Though not as disappointing as the soup, the sandwich was still underwhelming.  There was no real flavor that stood out.  The "pickled" veggies that they put in the sandwich weren't nearly noticeable.Beans & Rice - Ok...really?  Cubans make their rice with Uncle Ben's boil in a bag dealio?  Really.  The description of the dish mentioned black beans mixed in with pork bits.  Delicious right?  Wrong.  I got myself a big plate of terribleness.  It smelled like instant rice and tasted like it.  I like how the rice comes served molded in a bowl which they lift away as they present it to you. My, how that Uncle Ben's rice scattered as soon as the bowl was taken away.  What's the point of molding it?Service was decent and for that and the potato balls, I'm giving FC 3 stars thought I quite believe I'm being very generous.
3	Florida Cafe was another restaurant where we bought a coupon for $25 off from restaurant.com.  Cuban eateries aren't very common around here (I would have to go into Boston for Cuban food), so I was all over coming here. This is definitely located in the seedier side of Vegas. When we heard that it was three miles from the Bally's hotel, we decided to wait until the day we rented the car to come here...and I'm really glad we didn't walk.  Actually, I thought the inside was pretty cute-- there were palm trees painted on the walls and the bar had bongos for stools.  Our waitress wasn't the most friendly person and another waitress kept bringing us drinks and food and sounded like she was apologizing for the slowness of the first waitress, but I couldn't really tell.  For drinks, the husband had a gin and tonic and I had a mango mojito (which took a long time to make).  The tostones (fried plantains) and shrimp  sounded good for appetizer, so we ordered that.  There were six plantain patties and we simply couldn't finish the app.  My husband had his standard ropa vieja for dinner with rice and beans and I had the arroz con pollo.  My dish, although savory, had sweet plantains on top of the rice, which was a little strange and didn't fit very well, but since I love plantains, I didn't mind too much.  The portions were very large and I could only finish about a third of my dish.  In addition, the arroz con pollo came with a black bean soup.  If I came back to Vegas, I'm not sure if I would come back, mostly because of the isolated location.  Also, I thought the wait staff were not very customer service oriented.  However, I'm glad I was able to eat Cuban food during our trip.
4	My sister was on Oprah for her fabulous job as a Wine Angel, so we decided to celebrate over dinner at Florida Cafe.  I've always wanted to try this place however it's downtown LV and it's quite a drive from my house.  The service is excellent, the food is delicious and the ambience is family friendly. Ohh and everything at such a reasonable price.  Highly recommended!
1	Their lack of service really outweighed the quality of their food, so for that I am giving them one star (I wish I could give none).The waitresses thoroughly pissed both me and my bf off. First of all, we were the first people to go into the restaurant at 11am. Once we entered, they looked over at us from the bar and I said "hello" with a smile on my face, which was quickly turned into a scowl after they just stared at us without responding. We just stood their for 5 minutes while they kept on talking to each other at the bar. Then FINALLY one of them comes up to us and says "yes, what can i help you with?" "um, we're here for breakfast" is what we said. Then she told us to sit in the front without even bringing us over to a table. We picked out what we wanted fairly quickly. We both got Cuban style breakfasts which were $8.95 each (pretty overpriced for what you get). My plate consisted of some plantains, two potato balls, two pieces of toast, and eggs....for $8.95. Which reminds me that they totally screwed up on my order. I ordered scrambled eggs and my boyfriend ordered his over easy. They brought us our plates (after about 20 minutes of waiting even though we were the only customers) and both plates had over easy eggs. I didn't even bother complaining because I knew it was just going to take even longer and we were on pressed time. I felt like they just did all the eggs over easy to make it simpler for themselves. My bf finished his plate first and he scooted his empty plate to the side of the table so the waitress could see and pick it up. Instead the waitress sat some lady that just arrived to a booth next to us and started talking to her in Spanish for a while, took her order, then walked right past our table without taking the plate or giving us and refills. Shortly after that, I finished my plate of food. At that point there were TWO empty plates at the side of the table and TWO empty cups next to them. It really ticked me off to see the waitress bring the lady's order out right away, talk to her some MORE, then pass our table ONCE AGAIN without doing anything. We were literally sitting there doing nothing. The waitress went to the lady's table again to talk to her some more and that's when my boyfriend asked her for the bill, then she asked us if we wanted some refills and took our plates. If that's what it takes to get refills and a clean table at this place then that's just ridiculous.She came out with not our bill, but the bill for the lady in the booth next to us. WTF that really got us mad! That lady next to us arrived about 30 minutes after we arrived.  We asked for the bill ONCE AGAIN and she brought it out along with the other lady's change. My bf slammed his card on the bill right away cuz we were not in the mood to wait any longer. As we waited for the waitress to bring us the receipt I noticed all the other waitresses just standing around the bar DOING NOTHING BUT TALKING TO EACH OTHER AND LOOKING AT THEMSELVES IN THE MIRROR. That's probably what they do all day long since the bar has a wall made up of mirrors. It was so annoying, there was about 5 other waitresses and not one of them could give us good service. I noticed one of the waitresses made a stripper outfit out of her uniform. All of her tramp stamp tattoos were showing since she rolled her shirt up and she was wearing hoochi shorts, I found it very unprofessional. Our receipt finally came. I begged my bf not to give a tip, unfortunately he did lol, but it was only 5 percent. They really deserved less considering they neglected the hell out of us . I don't know if it was because of the way we looked (my bf has dreads and I have a nose piercing) but the service was just horrible and it seemed like it was only like that for us. Either way, no establishment should be run like this. We still want to try the Cuban buffet and we plan on doing so next week. Luckily with buffets you go and get your own food, so we won't be needing much of their services. I guess then I'll be able to post something about their food. That is, if they don't make a black cloud hover over it with their service.
5	I never thought I'd say this but this place is better then my Cuban grandmothers kitchen. I seriously had to stop eating and compose myself because I was about to have a Food Orgasm (yes this sounds raunchy) but I cannot describe it any other way. Plus what better place to have one of those, then in Vegas, across a strip-club and the famous Little White Chapel of Love. Everything was magnificent (and I seriously tried everything). I'll definitely be making a trip back to Vegas just to eat here.
4	I'm always excited to try Cuban restaurants and the food here definitely didn't leave me with a bad experience. I went in for breakfast - can't remember exactly what I had but I know it was hella good!It's a small restaurant off the strip - doesn't look like much but you definitely have to go in!
2	For those of you who don't know, Florida Cafe is the sister restaurant of Havana Grill in Henderson (off of Pebble & Eastern)...same owners. So much for thinking one sister is always prettier than the other.  And I don't know what I was thinking...because I like to give the benefit of the doubt, maybe I should only apply that to friends and not food.  I ordered the Pollo Frito (which I've had at HG as well)...I mean c'mon it's fried chicken. This shit was bland...my napkin had more flavor. Don't. Just don't. You're better off learning how to cook Cuban food at home and not regret spending the money.
2	I was not impressed by Florida Cafe.  Many of the reviews I have read from Yelp and other review sites said it was the best cuban restaurant in Las Vegas, but I highly disagree.  My roommate and I came in for lunch on Sunday, and were a bit confused by the location, which is located inside of a Howard Johnson a little north of the strip.  Location is not a big deal to me, though, so I didn't think much of it.  We ate in the cafe section, because the other section was closed off for a buffet, but we wanted to judge the restaurant on their everyday menu, and not a special weekend buffet.  The service was very average, and didn't put our order in until about 20 minutes after being seated.  But service isn't a big deal to me, as long as the food pulls through.  We ordered an order of Croquetas, and an Empanada.  The croquetas were the worst I have ever had.  Very small, and lacking in flavor.  The outside was a little bit crispy, and the inside was dry and flavorless.  The empanada was pretty good, but nothing too special.  For our entrees, I ordered the Roasted Leg of Pork (pierna de puerco), which is a staple at any cuban restaurant.  My roommate ordered the steak sandwich.  Neither of us were very pleased.  The sandwich was okay, but didn't have much going on.  The leg of pork was tender, but overly oily, and did not have much of the bitter orange and garlic flavor that Pierna de Puerco usually has.  Overall, we were very disappointed, and will probably not come back because there is a better cuban place closer to me.
5	This is the best Cuban Restaurant in Las Vegas. I have lived in this city for manay years, and know every Latin Restaurant around this area. The Food in Florida Cafe is healthy and tasty, the service is excelent, the restaurant is very nice family like atmosphere and the price is very afforadable. I recomend this place highly.
1	There were four of us and the best thing about this place was the bread that doesn't get refilled. Don't come here.  It smells funny and the service is horrible!  I have heard good things but this is like being in the twilight zone!
4	After driving around Vegas a little bit, I passed by the Howard Johnsons on Las Vegas Blvd and against my friend's better judgment, we tried out a little Cuban restaurant attached to the hotel: Florida Cafe.Excellent little place. Well, excellent if you're not vegetarian. While my friend indulged in the one vegetarian entree, I had the chicken over rice with pimentos and peppers. Pretty sure it wasn't the healthiest meal in Vegas, but the taste of the fried yellow rice was enough to put the restaurant on my permanent list. And while the rice was stealing the show, the chicken (I think it was roasted) fell off the bone when I pulled at it with my fork and produced a simple and yet flavorful combination.Cuban food, at least as done by Florida Cafe, is sweet and slightly spicy, but with a totally separate spice that other Latin or Caribbean food. It doesn't overpower like jerk (Jamaican) or feel dusted in cumin (Latin). Instead, it offers a subtle sweetness mixed with a slight spice.While I'd heard a recommendation from someone at work, I wasn't expecting much since the restaurant was attached to a HoJos. I think the best way of explaining how good the place was is to tell that they screwed up my first drink order and served me Jack Daniels instead of Jim Beam. And I still have not a bad word to say (about the food--service is a totally different story and not what I talk about here).
3	This isn't as good as their Henderson location.  Sorry guys.  Parking is a nightmare.  You have to park around the back of the hotel.  But that is not the reason that it is not as good.  The best way to describe it is that the food lacked passion.
4	Living in Las Vegas for awhile, I never heard or really spotted this place, until my boyfriend's mother introduced me to it. It's attached to a hotel, it's a small cute place. The decor is Miami style, hence the name Florida Cafe. Let me tell you, bring someone who speaks Spanish, and knows what to order, because I was clueless on that part.I had the special which was rice, beans, and chicken. The food was satisfying, the bread went endlessly into my mouth lol. Everything was tasty, and the "usually" wait time for food. The service was pretty good, the waiter joked that I should pick up Spanish. Overall there wasn't anything I disliked, other than maybe the drinks being overpriced.
3	This review is for the Bar ONLY. We didn't eat.This place makes me laugh a litle....decor that is, and the interesting characters we saw inside. Nothing WRONG with it, just kind of made me giggle and smile. Tehehehe.We were attending a very fabulous, formal fancy shotgun wedding at the Little Chapel next door. We were early, the Chapel was running late. Shotgun weddings and booze go hand in hand so we stopped in at the HOJO and saw this Cafe. Perfect. It has a bar. The bartender was friendly and made us some wonderful drinks! Granted, they were only Captain 'n Cokes but hey, they were some MEAN Captain 'n Cokes and hit the spot. I thought maybe since it was inside the HOJO and close to downtown that the drinks would be cheap. Wrong. Try $7 each. Damn, steep for "nearly downtown" but I guess it's technically ON the strip...If I'm ever in the area and need a quick drink I will definately stop in. Maybe even try some food next time.
3	The bread is really tasty, the Cuban sandwiches are very tasty and pretty filling. The pulled pork at our table was a little dry, and my sandwich didn't come with pickles, I had to request them. They were out of maduros and the black beans were too soupy and a little blandishments. Seems pretty authentic. No substitute for the fries, which isn't good for me! Nasty Taters precious!
2	So, we got some croquetas, chicharrones, and some ropa vieja. The chicharrones seemed like the kind you get from a bag. Very disappointing. The croquetas were okay. The ropa vieja was average. The best thing was the rice ans beans that came with the plate. I would not recommend this restaurant to a friend. I won't waste my money at this place again.
5	If you love Cuban food then you will love Florida Cafe!!  I went there years ago when it was a hole in the wall outside Howard Johnson's.  It has since been remodeled and the restaurant and separate dining room are lovely.  Not to mention the buffet is awesome!!  For $10 they have everything Cuban -- ropa viejo, empanadas, lechon, BBQ pork, yuca with garlic, black beans and rice, maduros, salads, desserts and more.  There were five of us and the bill was only $55 including tax.  You can't beat that!  The waitress was very helpful and I can't wait to go back.
5	I had a pretty bad experience last time I came here. The service was awful and the food was pricey. However, this time around we went to the buffet, so we weren't ordering off the menu and we sat in the buffet area where there were a few people going around to check up on us and make sure our drink glasses stayed filled. The buffet is about 10 bucks and it is pretty incredible! They had empanadas, yuca con chicharron, platanos, tamales, arroz con frijoles negros, salad, and many other options which I can't name that were authentic Cuban dishes. They had at least 10 different options in their buffet and that's not including the dessert, which had about 5 different dishes plus ice cream! Did I mention, the buffet includes drinks? Where else can you find a deal this great!?The food was so full of flavor and mouthwatering! We both got at least 3 plates, which was a little insane, but soo worth it! I've never had authentic Cuban food like this before. Being able to try their buffet was an awesome way to try many different Cuban dishes all at once.After attacking the buffet, I went to the dessert section. I got like 2 plates of flan, some ice cream, and 2 plates of arroz con leche. Everything was delicious! I HIGHLY recommend trying out this buffet. You definitely get your money's worth and it's a great way to try Cuban food if you've never had it before. Although, it might spoil you for life! It is also a plus that you can get some points here from OpenTable, if you have an account. We were able to make reservations for the buffet, which we really didn't need reservations for, and get about 100 points!
4	Very excited to stumble upon a Cuban place in Vegas.I keep reading about this $10 buffet which I must come back for but I will write on some items I had for lunch.The place is located in the Howard Johnson motel in Downtown Vegas on LV Blvd.  It looks pretty seedy but there's something I like about it.  For food, I ordered the Ropa Vieja, which is shredded beef stewed with tomatoes, bell peppers and onions.  Very flavorful.  My friend ordered the Pierna de Purerco Asada - oven roasted leg of pork marinated in mojo of lemon, galric, lemon, lime, orange juice.  Very good too.Some other friends ordered some items that they weren't pleased with but it could be because they just don't have an adventurous palette.The cuban pork sandwich was pretty darn good.  It's not what you'd get in Miami but it s hard to find great Cuban food anywhere.The menu is intense -- I'll def be back for buffet which seems to be the best pound for pound value.
5	i LOVE this place.. their buffet, food, and service can't be beat. they make you feel like family, and keep you happy during your entire time with them. I love their pan con bistec, pollo asado, arroz con pollo, and ropa vieja. Almost everything I've had I loved.. their tres leche cake is AMAZING & so is their flan. I almost always get the el riquimbin cubano for dessert, which is tres leches cake topped with flan.. omg to die for!! i also had their chocolate tres leches cake which is the best ever.. the strawberry juice and cuban milkshakes are the BEST ever.. definitely add this place to your list, cuz it's gonna be your ABSOLUTE FAVORITE!!
2	After seeing all the advertisements around town, I was determined to give Florida Cafe a try. A friend had passing the qualifying tests to become a PhD student. What a perfect opportunity for a celebratory lunch. Attached to the Howard Johnson on Las Vegas Boulevard, you can easily miss the parking lot if you don't read the sign quick enough. The turn into the motel leads to the parking for both establishments. The decorum is dark and most of the tables are set up for family style eating. It does not matter if you are a party of 1 or 10, you probably will be sat at the same size table. If it is busy, do not be surprise if you end up with a random stranger sitting next to you. This can be nice if you are a social person and don't mind small chat. There were two people serving in the entire restaurant. It was not that busy, but one guys was running around doing everything. Although service was lacking, and the food was slow, he was friendly. It took a little more than half an hour for our order to come. We thought it was just us, but everyone around us were complaining to themselves as well.The food is nothing impressive. I know I ripped into Mi Peru, but Florida Cafe makes the former seem perfect. Still confused about the difference between most of Latin cuisine, I ordered the arroz con pollo. I am out on a quest to at least find the best version of this dish in Vegas. The rice was fluffy, but greasy and overly salty. The mixed in pieces of peas and potatoes were a nice addition. The bell peppers tasted like they were pickled, but oily at the same time. I have never came across this combination before. At this point, I missed the pickled onions that I got at Mi Peru. The dish came with a side of beans, three pieces of plantains, and two chicken drumsticks. The overall temperature of the meal was cooler than room temperature. It was not cold, but was getting there. My favorite side dish to any Cuban meal, the plantains were old and chewy instead of hot, crispy on the outside, and soft on the inside. My friend ordered a Cuban. It was also really salty and the pulled pork was dry. I was told that they open the buffet on the weekends and it is a better deal. I am just glad that my group is going out again tonight, because this was more of a punishment than a celebration of a job well done.
4	Made it for the buffet.  Food was very good and the price was unbeatable!
1	I have been to Florida Cafe numerous times during the past 8 years because I live with Cubans and I LOVE Cuban food, and this last time will hopefully be my LAST time.  It was never better than ok, and now it is ridiculous. The decor is nice, the wait staff is nice.  However, the food is terribly expensive and it isn't very good.  The rice and beans are mediocre, and the ropa vieja is uninspired.  The piss poor service is what sent me over the edge this time.  Saturday afternoon, several employees roaming around, but none with the title, seemingly, of waiter/waitress.  Seriously?  Is it that difficult to get drink service?  What about a refill?  Can I have one of those?  Could someone check to make sure that everyone received what they ordered and that it was satisfactory?  Apparently not. Picadillo?  Ick.  Papas rellenos?  Ick....were those INSTANT potatoes?  They DID make damn sure to send someone over to take a photo of my group and then hit us up for a $20.00 photo.  Um...No.  Thank you, no mas.  If you are familiar with Porto's in L.A....this isn't even close.  There is a reason that there is always a line there, and never one here.  For authentic food, try Rincon Criollo down the street.  Indifferent service, sketchy location, horrible decor, but AWESOME food.
3	I dont know what happened to this place!! I have been coming here since 2007 and let me tell you, 4 years ago this place was easily a 5 star!!! I went back a few weeks ago to have lunch after almost 2 years and i'll say that the customer service really went downhill. The waitress was so nonchalant and indifferent towards us it aggravated the hell out of me!! Back in the day, they served cuban bread  to your table before your meal was ever served! I asked the waitress twice for an order of Cuban bread! The first time she said the chef in the back was preparing it.. 15 minutes came by and after our main course was already on the table, still no cuban bread. We were finally done eating and ready to go when the cuban bread finally came to the table!! We had to have it boxed to go.. I will give 3 stars because the food is really good, but they seriously need to get it together or they're gonna loose this loyal customer...
4	I've been dying for an authentic cortadito since getting hooked on them in Miami. It was the first thing I asked for when I stepped through the doors! Hello?! Who knew Vegas had a great Cuban spot! When the manager showed me to what felt like a private buffet room, I was sold. My mouth watered as I passed the Tres Leche cake, glistening Maduros, and Pollo a la Plancha! For $10, all you can eat? If I could will myself to stay at the Howard Johnson, I might eat here everyday!
2	HMMmmm.  This was a tough one, but I guess that's why we are here.  I seem to enjoy the food but I was far from impressed.  I will go pros and cons.  Pros;It is a unique place.  It has it has a charm to it.  It's different.The food was tasty.  I had roasted pork with red beans and rice.  It did seem to be missing something like a sauce or something.  It was meat - rice - beans... I was wondering if Cuban food comes with some type of condiment or something...One major plus was the Mojito!!Cons;It was not very busy but they had the few guests jammed into 3 booths in a corner of the restaurant.  I am sure this is for a server convenience thing but I would have like to spread out a bit.  Also,  The booth was missing half the padding in the back and it was just covered over.  The appetizer was a fried potato thing.  It was 2 golf ball size fried mashed potato balls with a little meat.  Not exactly generous.  Maybe if they had some cavier on it or something.This place is in a terrible location.  I was confused as hell.  The parking is in the back of the Howard Johnson.  Then you walk through the hotel.  It was weird.  Luckily my friend knew how to get into this place.Service was ho-hum.The manager approached us and asked, Did you find a cell phone here."  I am okay with helping someone recover lost property.  I would have preferred if the manager said, "exceuse me for interupting your dinner, but someone lost a cell phone do you mind if we look real quick."  I guess it isn't a big deal but it rubbed my rhubarb the wrong way.The prices seem to be pricey too.
2	Meh. . . I had some really, really dry Vaca Frita here. The place is nice and the staff friendly, but this isn't the place to score good Cuban food. It is next to the Little White Wedding Chapel though. Extra star!
3	Florida Cafe should have an addendum to it.  It should be "Florida Cafe inside the Howard Johnson's".Food was pretty good, but I have a complaint that is not just for the Florida Cafe, but for all restaurants in general.  If your menu lists what is on a sandwich, typically diners assume that is all that comes on the sandwich.  Please do not list the things that come on the sandwich, and then not include certain ones.  I ordered the Chicken Sandwich, which came with lettuce, mayo and tomatoes.  There was no mention of the grilled onions, of which my sandwich was drowning in.  I don't like onions.  Learned my lesson, I guess.Overall, the restaurant was nice.  Service was very mediocre.  At one point, I watched our waitress have a 5 minute conversation with her boyfriend in the waiting area.  We were the only people in the whole room, so I know she wasn't busy.Food was good.  My wife ordered a salad for 8 bucks...which was some chopped up lettuce, one sliced tomato and an avacado.  Not sure she got her money's worth on that one.Also, for those of you visiting Vegas, this restaurant is technically on the strip, but don't expect to walk there.  Take the bus.  You will thank me!
5	I have been there for the buffet and it was delicious and very varied: the morros y cristianos, arroz con pollo, pork, ropa vieja, pescado to name just a few.The food seems very authentic (better that other  Cuban restaurants I have been to). The deserts are excellent too.I will definitely eat here again, whenever I will come back to Vegas.
4	The service here isn't the greatest but the food more than makes up for it!My husband loves the house-made pork rinds but my favorite will always be the Ropa Vieja until I can figure out how to make a similar one at home. The meat is tender and flavorful and their rice is good, too.He has also tried and loved the Cubano sandwich and my daughter is a big fan of the Fricase de Pollo con Pappas. And I don't know how, exactly, they make their mojitos but I have always hated mojitos until I tried theirs. So very tasty and refreshing on a hot summer day!The service here is on the slow side but if you don't have anywhere to be, why rush it?
1	I like to venture out w diff. types of food once in awhile so I wanted to give this place a try with a Groupon offer. Total disappointment. First of all, its location...sucks! Secondly, unprofessional staffs busy eating and talking...sucks! And lastly, very-dried-up-NO-flavor-over-fried food...major sucks!
3	We stopped in for lunch. Other than one couple we were the only customers. After being seated it took several minutes for our server to come over. My wife ordered the small Cuban sandwich from the appetizers along with white rice beans and pork. I ordered the small Cuban pizza. My wife got her food first, which was fine. She enjoyed the Cuban sandwich and the rice was very good. I ordered  a small Cuban Pizza. My pizza arrived after 22 minutes. For a small pizza it was easily 10 to 11 inches across. I don't know what made it a Cuban pizza. It lacked traditional spices you find on pizza. I would have asked for any spices however, our server only stopped by just prior to us leaving. Is it asking to much for a refill on drinks. For that I have to mark them down in their rating. Also, be careful and ask about parking to avoid being towed. It really was a 2.5 StarsOnce is enough for me.
3	The plaintains are yummy, there is not much fresh & healthy, but the spices & sauces on the meats are really well done.Service is awful, probably because they force you to pay an 18% tip, on a buffet no less.It is a little 'dirty feeling'. And a bit expensive for what you get at the buffet. Should be $10 not $15 (plus tip).
2	I visited the all-you can eat buffet Cuban adjacent to the restaurant.  I believe it doubles as a lounge after hour. (The stage, dj booth and large speaker are a dead give away.)  The location is kind of out of the way.  Their sister restaurant (Havana Grill) is much more convenient.  The restaurant is located in the Howard Johnson Motel in the sketchy stretch of Las Vegas Boulevard that no one ever talks about (north of the Stratosphere).  I only went  because I had a Groupon. The Good:  the arroz con pollo and tres leches cakes (chocolate and traditional) are very good.  The staff was friendly.The Bad: pretty much everything else.  Be careful when grabbing the serving spoons, some were hot enough to burn and some were cold just like the food in the trey.  So a lot of the meat was dry from sitting at too hot of a temperature or was cold because it was not held at proper temp.I doubt I'll be back even if there were another  Groupon, unless I have an insatiable urge for tres leches cake.
1	Used a groupon on this place and they put additional charges on our meal- including a required tip on a buffet where you grab your own food. The food was stale, there were no vegetarian options, and no salsa!!! The worst meal I have had in las Vegas to date. So not worth the money!!! Do not eat there!!!
5	I LOVED THIS PLACE....Ok not the best location or fastest service BUT Im not a snob and i know how to enjoy eating out!!!!! The BAD: Im guessing the Buffet I HATE BUFFETS ANYWAY GROSS!!!!The GOOD: We used a Groupon and had lunch at 2:00 HAPPY HOUR 2 for 1 beer YAMore GOOD: The food that I had was Sooooo Gooooood and I looked at other peoples plates too (Thats the way I roll) haha And everyone's food looked really good!!!!!!!The Atmosph is pretty cool and the place was clean..
4	I love eating lunch here!  I always get the same thing -- sandwich de ropa vieja (shredded beef, #63).  The sandwich is delicious and comes with fries.  The servings are also really substantive.  I usually only end up eating half the sandwich, and take the other half back to work.  (This is sort of dumb because I don't think the left over sandwich tastes as good.)Although I've never had it, my peeps from work have also had the Cuban sandwich, which they really liked.  Other must orders include tostadas cubanas (toasted bread with butter -- sooooooo not healthy, but soooooooo not relevant or important when you're having some) and maduros (sweet fried plantains).  The service is admittedly slow; the food takes times to come out and the waitress may not be back for awhile to refill your drink or for you to ask for the check.  But, as someone else pointed out, it doesn't matter because the food is damn good and makes up for it.Also, the location looks sketch but is totally fine.  The restaurant is located inside the Howard Johnson lobby facing LV Blvd; the HoJo is a bit dilapidated.  Parking is limited either along the driveway to the back parking lot, or the back parking lot.  Once you park, you then have to walk along the driveway (short walk) to the HoJo lobby.  Easy!  Although it was not entirely clear, last time I was there, I saw an open lot to the right of the HoJo on LV Blvd that had a Florida Cafe banner.  I think that may be a parking lot for the restaurant, but it looked like the lot was unpaved.        Overall, the restaurant is really good and definitely worth a visit.  It's brightly decorated and has good music playing.  I especially love the ambiance.  Almost every time I've been here, I've heard Cubans speaking spanish while eating lunch near my table.  To me, that's a grade A sign of a place with good Cuban food.
5	This is my go-to Cuban restaurant. They remember you and the staff is amazing. Better yet, the food is AMAZING! I haven't tried anything I didn't like from here. I went back again today, and I found out they no longer do the buffet, which kinda sucked. BUT they do have another deal they're starting and I highly recommend you try it! Its 3 dishes (which are HUGE) portions for 7.50/person. OMG, wonderful! I simply love this place. Oh! & don't let its location stop you from going in cuz its one of the best places around.
3	Are you ever the person that seems to order the worst menu item in a group of people? I feel like I am that person. Too often probably.So I will admit, up front, that my review is likely tainted by this dilemma. Let's call it, the my-dining-companions-order-better-then-me-envy. I'm guilty of this at Florida Cafe.We started out the meal with the delicious buttered bread, tostones, and yuca. The fried plantains came with a yummy garlic butter sauce. I would have drunk that sauce straight if I wasn't eating with company.As for my entree, my favorite dish at the Cuban restaurant back home is vaca frita. I figured I would try it out here for a comparison. It is horrible to come from one place with a magnificent version of a dish to go to another with a mediocre (at best) execution of the dish. The meat, while heavy in quantity, was dry and tasted tired. It was difficult to find any flavor layered in the dish aside from fried beef. C'mon! Instead of the red beans I ordered I was served black beans which was no big deal since I appreciate both kinds. But with a heaping pile of dry vaca frita, I was left feeling let down by my plate.Thankfully my dining companions ordered better then me or else I might think worse of this place.One person had the bistec de palomilla empanizada. It was tender, juicy, crispy happy times. I stole a fair share of bites out of that one. The Cuban sandwich looked fantastic and was gone before I could even consider trying it.We finished the meal with fabulous Cuban coffees. Creamy, sweet, and bold. Ahhhhh. The perfect way to end a meal.The location is sketch. The ambiance leaves a lot to be desired. But if your timing is right you can peep on people getting married across the lobby and the service in Florida Cafe is incredibly friendly.
3	this review will be a bit all over the place because of our experience...i've had a $10 restaurant.com coupon for almost a year and finally made it there.  i was looking forward to their buffet so i could try a variety of Cuban dishes.  i've never had Cuban food before.  they said they wouldn't take the restaurant.com coupon!  server said they only take Groupon coupons for the buffet, BUT they stopped the buffet two weeks prior!  the server walked away with our drink order, we were baffled, so i check their website on my phone and it advertises a buffet!  i called restaurant.com and easily got the certificate refunded.my friend (female latina) read them the riot act and asked to speak to the manager.  they said the manager had just left to go shopping.  they eventually called the owner who said they are in a lawsuit with restaurant.com, but they would honor $10 discount.  now on to the regularly scheduled review.the menu is HUGE!  almost 150 items!!!  no, i didn't count them; thankfully they have everything numbered!  i ordered the Sandwich Cubano ($7.99) which came with a small bowl of fries and my friend got the Pollo a la Pancha ($12.95) that came with some very dark rice and beans.  they served warm (fresh?) bread that was pretty good.  once it finally came, my sandwich was awesome!  i was a little worried about the combo of pulled park, sliced ham, cheese, dill pickles, and mustard but my mouth was in heaven!  the pressed Cuban bread was pretty tasty, too.  The pollo was, um, bland.  i thin, smallish breast that had little taste.  the rice was a little salty but pretty tasty.so, there customer service is good, waitstaff is fairly attentive and my sandwich rocked!  their advertising and speed of service needs some work.  i also enjoyed the Cuban music they played, although it was a bit loud for lunchtime.PS:  the buffet is still advertised on their website.  :(
2	the biggest problem i have about this place is the attitude of the servers and the hostesses. the employees  are a bunch of assholes and food isn't that great..who has time for this shit when LV has some of the best food in the world..fuck'em where they breath..
4	The best Cuban restaurant I've attended outside of New York and Miami. Great fun, great food. Nuf said.
5	I don't know why everybody is giving this place low stars. I like the staff, they are super friendly, and one of the chefs took his time to talk to us when he was done at work.Anything with chicken is awesome here! The meat falls right off the bone and melts in your mouth. I think I ordered the "Pollo Asado with Cuban Spices". It also comes with black rice with black beans. They told me it was just Cumin and Parsley, but it tasted a whole lot better than that. Me and my friend also had the Mojitos here. Both of us drink a lot frequently and we are surprised that the buzz creeped up on us so strongly. I had another half a glass and I got pretty hammered.Prices are a bit expensive for the portions they give you, but the money is worth it for the quality of the food and drinks. It's really close to my workplace, just right up Las Vegas Blvd.A common complaint is slow customer service. I thought the speed of service is alright, especially since I came on a slow day, Christmas Eve, where they are plenty of folks rushing to the mall to do late shopping instead.Will I always come down here? No, I can't afford a weekly habit, but it's a really chill place for a date and I like the atmosphere.
5	I have been going once a week for the last 2-3 months ago just because I work close. Everytime we get seated quickly and usually in the same area me and my friend like. Waitresses and waiter have always been very friendly. My order is taken as soon as we are ready and does not take long to get our food. Last thing I tried was the Chicken breast with rice and black beans. The taste was great. Quantity was amazing, couldn't even finish it all. My  friend ordered desert "Rikimbin" which I tasted and the caramel taste plus the coconut was awesome. Nice and quiet place to have a great meal. Also it looks great to have family or romantic dinners at night time.
1	We came here on our honneymoon exactly one year ago, the place was heaven.  We came back for our anniversary, and everything was horrid.  The service sucked.  The food was bland and had no flavor.  We had Arroz con Pollo and Picadillo, two of the most famous cuban dinners, and they were nasty and had no flavor.  All that was used was nasty dark meat chicken.  I will not be back and will instead be getting my Cuban food cuisine at the place down the street, Rincon Criollo.
1	I have been here twice before, mostly because of my love of cuban food.  It has been better before but never great.  I liked the maduros, but that was about it.  I ordered an amazon.local gift deal (like groupon) where you get $20 of food for $10. Showed it to the the waitress before eating and then we ordered.  We ordered more than usual, because of the $20 voucher.  When it was time to pay, I told her to make sure she took the $20 off.  She didn't take it off, ran my credit card for the full amount and said that because the manager wasn't there I couldn't use it!!!! WHAT?????  She told me to come eat there another time and use it and maybe the manager would be there.  I politely said, "Couldn't you call the manager or amazon.com?"  She said, "Not really..."  She also said she couldn't refund any of the money because she already ran my credit card.  What a scam. I was angry, and will never be back again.  So much for a repeat customer.  I will advise anyone never to go.  Worst service ever. And the food wasn't even good.
2	Well where can I start. Over the past few years I've occasionally dropped in to eat here in hopes that they would improve. Sometimes the foods great and the service sucks or vice versa. I can never seem to get both at the same time. The past couple of times I've eaten here I've found that the food was bland. The maduros tasted like it was fried earlier that day then microwaved when ordered. The beans were lukewarm along with the dish. It seems like they cooked all the food earlier and reheated it when I ordered it. The Sangria was the only thing that was decent. The service was good AFTER the waitress decided to come to our table to help us which took a while.  The Yuca con Mojo used to be really good here but the other day it was dry and tasteless. The only reason why I keep trying this place out is because there are very few choices in town. Not going anymore after this.
3	The food here is very, very good. The Florida sandwich a la locura is a flattened chicken breast served on a giant round roll and topped with grilled onions, lettuce, tomato, cheese and mayo - even skipping the cheese and mayo it winds up being good for two or three meals. The arroz con pollo is delicious and I'm wishing i had some right now - the chicken is flavorful and the yellow rice with pimentos and peppers is incredibly flavorful, made all the more so by the fact that there's a bit of crisp to the rice like at the bottom of a paella.Appetizers worth seeking out include the tostones with ropa vieja and the chorizo frito. As for the sopa de frijoles negros, I have cravings about this ridiculously good soup, topped with pungent slivers of white onion. I recommend liberally spiking this hearty soup with the green habanero hot sauce on the tables.So then why am I only giving Florida Cafe three stars? Because it may have the most consistently poor service of any restaurant I frequent in Las Vegas. Slow, unaccommodating, absentee service is frustrating when the food is this good. Even when I'm the only customer in the restaurant I can't get any attention.
4	Having been born in Cuba, and grew up in the beautiful USA. I have eaten many a Cuban meal. And this place hits the spot if your looking for some Cuban Cuisine
5	Celebrated an awesome Mother's Day lunch with my Mom and Sister -- Cuban-Style!  I had the arroz con pollo and it was better than perfect.  The wait staff was amazing to say the least.  We had a waiter and waitress who tended to us in Spanish and made sure we we would enjoy our celebration lunch.  We even got a free photo postcard taken and created to mark the special occasion.
2	The food is AMAZING but the service is absolutely HORRIBLE.  The waitress is not very nice and is always in a rush. Do not eat there on your lunch break because you will be late going back to work. My husband went for lunch and ended up walking out because they were taking too long. People who came after him were getting their food 1st. When he was walking out the waitress said his food was on the way out and he said he had been waiting a long time and had to leave she then asked him to pay!!! He just left.  One time when I went there I was still ordering and she was walking away! I don't understand how that lady is still employed there.. she is always there during the day so maybe when she's gone it gets better...
2	The small restaurant was cute, the service was good not great the $5.00 breakfast was ok and the reason it was okay is because it hash brown were the pre packaged, pre cooked type (McDonald's hash-browns) yet our wait time was inexcusable because all that had to be cooked were the eggs. (You need to know that we were the only customers at the time that we ordered).  The music at night sounded great, this is a place I will visit again because the hotel was great and the price was great.
4	We had our wedding reception at the Florida Cafe, the food was amazing!  The drinks were big and delicious!  We reserved the back room, and had a giant space available for us as well as a great DJ set up.  It took a little while to get things started, it seemed we were a little early and the staff was not entirely ready for us.  Once things got going, however, the wait staff was INCREDIBLY helpful and pleasant and hard working.  The food came out fast and everyone was very pleased.  The manager, Sergio, really made sure that the whole price was affordable and that we were taken care of.  Overall it was a great experience, and I hope the Florida Cafe will continue to host great parties like ours.
4	I loooove my Cuban food! Portions are pretty big and I never leave hungry. Staff can often take a bit to come by the table and forgets your orders but I go there mostly for the food not the staff. If you've never been there before its hard to find since inside the Howard Johnson hotel and the area is a little sketchy but once you're in the restaurant it's a whole lot different. Will definitely keep going back.
3	We ordered some Cuban sandwiches to go and some tostones(fried plaintains). The Cuban sandwiches come with an order of fries btw, they were very good. You get a small container of mojo(garlic & lemon juice dressing) so you can add it to your sandwich to your liking. The tostones were not very good. They were way to big and thick cut. Tostones should be thin and crunchy, these were way to thick and chewy, and not crunchy at all. If you take the sandwiches home and press them a little longer in your George Foreman grill, they are even better! :P
5	If you like Cuban food, you will love the Florida Cafe.  Upon walking in, you will notice the spectacular decor, including bongo drum bar stools.  The staff was immediately welcoming and very friendly.  Then there's the food.  We ordered Masas de Puerco (fried pork chunks) and Pierna de Puerco Asada (roasted shredded pork in a mojo sauce).  Both were outstanding.  The black beans and rice were classic and delicious.  The price was very reasonable and the service was beyond compare.  We are excited about going back.
4	Really like this place. I rarely eat in, frequently get takeout when in Las Vegas. Note to the reviewer who wants to know how to make ropa vieja, get a copy of "The Coumbia Restaurant Cookbook", and a crockpot. You'll have what you need to do it.Really like the food here. Its the most authentic I've found in Las Vegas. I am from Tampa, FL, my father was from Latin America, we lived in Cuba pre, during and post Castro. I grew up on this cuisine and can rattle those pots and pans with the best of them. I introduced my friends who live in LV to this cuisine, and they are hooked. Every time I visit, I get takeout for all of us at least once. Big favorite is the picadillo, which is outstanding.  Nice big olives, and tons of flavor. Ropa is also wonderful as is tbe chicken and yellow rice. You can tell with that dish the rice was cooked in the broth of the chicken. It wasnt made with one pot of premade yellow rice, add sauteed chicken pieces. Nope, this is made homestyle. The stuffed potatoes are excellent. They are nice and crispy, not greasy. The filling is excellent, and they use real mashed potatoes, not instant. If these are frozen, I'd be shocked. Cuban sandwich is authentic. Its too bad Cuban bread isn't available in LV. Fricasse de pollo is suck your fingers good. Last time I got food they were out of this dish :(Florida Cafe seems to be comfortable staying with what they do best; serving up Cuban soul food. Last time I was in town I tried to get takeout from some of the other Cuban restaurants. Surprisingly, picadillo and ropa were not available at tbese other places. What??? Thats like going to a soul food place that doesnt have man and cheese or cornbread on the menu.We did eat in tbe restaurant 2-3 times and that I remember, never had any issues with service. Location is a little funky,   Go and enjoy. La comida es muy rica!
2	Service has taken a significant downturn.  It was completely indifferent.  Decent food. Good music.   Horrendous service.I am upgrading from my previous 1 star review (see above).  I went with a group of Cubans in March, and the service was much improved...very friendly.  The music was still good.  The food was much better than decent....not fabulous, but ok.
4	This place was awesome!  Granted, the location could have been better. It's located in the lobby of Howard Johnson WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY down the strip.  However, it's totally worth it ESPECIALLY if you know about good Cuban food! The staff consist mostly of Cuban decent which builds up on the authenticity, and the food is DELICIOUS. The portions could be bigger : / , but it was worth every penny since the food reminded me of my mother's home cooking (of course her pork in the Cuban sandwiches are way better, but it's a good substitution since mother isn't around to always cook them). I really recommend this place; especially if you like mojitos then get yourself down to Florida Cafe because they're serving them for Happy Hour 2-6 :)
4	Closest thing to the real thing on the west coast great food
2	My family has been coming to this restaurant since opening day and they've always had great food a fun atmosphere and reasonable prices. Today, my Mother, daughter and I had dinner and had a horrible experience with the service. The hostess/waitress never greeted us let alone greet us with a smile. The whole time not once did the waitress smile, ask if everything was ok, or if we needed anything. She never bothered to ask if we wanted a refill on our drinks.To top it off, the food was horrible. The portions are a lot smaller but the prices has definitely gone up. I ordered their bistec de palomilla, which had no taste. My mom ordered the macitas de puerco, which that too could have used more seasoning such as SALT!!! Overall, the service can use improving and the food definitely needs more flavor.
2	Okay... so I held off on reviewing Florida Cafe mainly due to the fact that it's my dad's favorite restaurant and I didn't have it in me to give it a mediocre rating. BUT... I gotta do what I gotta do. I'm basing my review on the last two visits I had at the restaurant within the past two months. When you walk into the restaurant there is a podium where you would expect to be greeted immediately by a host of some sort to seat you. Both of the last two times I stood here patiently, I stood for about five minutes. It was one of those lengthy moments where you begin to search for the "please seat yourself" sign because it was RIDICULOUS. Upon being seated, we looked over the menus, but were set to order about 5 minutes after sitting down. We gave the subtle (and not so subtle) hints of being ready (putting all our menus down, making eye contact with EVERY employee, waving to the waitresses), and ten minutes later, nothing. Waiters and waitresses would pass our tables, what appeared to be managers would point to our tables to their employees, and finally a waitress came to take our order. THANK GOODNESS.So, I must say I do enjoy the food here. I always make sure to order the papas rellenas (potato balls), masitas de puerco (fried pork and onions), camarones al ajillo (garlic shrimp), and maduros (plantain bananas). Sadly, while I am a firm believer in the fact that good food can outweigh less than superior service, that doesn't apply here. We had gotten our waters a good thirty minutes after sitting down and without the lemons/limes we had asked for. Waters were not refilled a single time. Not a single employee had paid a visit to our table despite passing it multiple times. After we had completely cleaned off our plates, we waited to be given our check. 10 minutes passed and I eventually waved to our waitress for the check. 5 minutes passed and still no check. I began growing more impatient as the clock kept ticking that I took the liberty of stacking all of our plates, cups, silverware, and napkins and placing it at the end of our table.  5 minutes after that, the check finally came. It seems to me that while I do understand that each position in the restaurant business has its own duties, it doesn't excuse being ignored and unattended to. Everyone outside of the kitchen whether it be the managers, waiters, or servers should be able to communicate with customers, refill beverages, take an order, or even be able to visibly see when a customer needs their assistance. All I have to say is, sometimes tip is based on service... and it definitely was in this case.
1	I have heard that this is an older well established restaurant.  This place is clearly starting to show its age.  The service was abysmal.  Around five or six tables, two waitresses, and they still could not serve everyone.  The waitress had plenty of time to talk to friends. The waitress even had trouble with our wine and order.  We had to repeat our order several times and we were right next to the computer. We had, at best, warm food when it go to our table.    We asked for our appetizer first and got both entree and appetizer.  The appetizer was pipping hot and the food was warm.  Just a really bad experience all around with the slow service and sub par food.  If you had a choice between this place and staying at home, I would save the money and hassle of eating on the strip
5	Folks...This is the BEST CUBAN RESTAURANT I have ever been to. I have eaten at many in Los Angeles, New York, and Miami. This one tops them all. Trust me as a person born and raised in Habana, Cuba. there ROPA VIEJA, CONGRI, LECHON ASADO CON CEBOLLAS, ARROZ CON POLLO, and FRIED PLANTAINS tops any place I have ever visited as pure, delicious and totally authentic! Run and served by pure Cubans. Please check them out. You will not be disappointed! And the funny thing.... It's in VEGAS BABY!
1	I remember years ago this place was pretty good.  Plenty of food, great serivce, great prices.  I came back home bragging about it and telling my bestfriend that I needed to take her there one day and try some delicious cuban food.  I was raised in Miami but unfourtunately live in Utah now so the closets thing I have to get my hands on real cuban food is Vegas.  Anyway,  I went back to this restaurant and actually brought my bestfriend with me.  I was exhausted from walking the strip(big mistake)  and we both looked exhausted.  When we arrived there,  I noticed they had a wedding going on and the staff was taking care of them. I thought it was going to be great because besided the party we were the only other customers there.  The prices went up on the menu but it didn't bother me that much because I thought the food was worth it.  Our waitress was the most HORRIBLE waitress I've ever had.   I think we had three different people taking our order and one was trying to rush us in ordering our food when we barely got the menu.  Let just say that we ordered and no one ever brought my food out.  They brought my friend's plate out but not mine and no one ever came back to check up on us.  I also ordered a mojito and our waitress was so bad that the bartender brought it to our table.  I was furious especially after I bragged about how great this place was.  My bestfriend let one of the staff member know that I never got my food..  This was one tab too. They wanted to take my order again( after I've already repeated it to the third person) and after my friend had already finished eating her food.   I told them I didn't want anything except my tab.  I didn't leave a tip and I'm one of those people that ALWAYS tips.  My father in law decided to email them about the horrible service I had and they never responded back.  Luckily, I found a way better cuban cafe( 2055 east tropicana ave) with great food, great service and great price.  I've been there now about five times and brought friends over that have loved it as well and have gone back.
5	i personally recomend it ,food is the delicious ,clean and affordable......very good
1	Dont know why people give this place high ratings!? It freaking sucks! Food sucks! Cuban sandwich is a joke! Nothing but deep fried vomit! Whoever thinks this food is good, is a peasant who wouldn't know the difference between a fine steak and a shoe sole! To say that service was bad, is an understatement. We were waiting for our two very, very simple sandwiches for an hour!!! I time it, not exaggerating! Save your time the trouble and go elsewhere, don't waste your time, oh, and before I forget, the service probably sucks because the dang waiter would stop at every opportunity to flirt with some girls sitting two booths down from mine.
5	Delicious food, great service, good music and environment, friendly staff and very reasonable prices! And the best mojitos in town!!
5	It was a wonderful experience eating at this restaurant. The food was great... the churrasco steak with chimichurri sauce is highly recommended.  The service very friendly and pleasant atmosphere, tropical style.   I tried the classic mojito and  is the best mojito I ever tried in Vegas.  I think is a good place to go with family, friends or coworkers and have a good time. Check out their new menu!!!
2	Walking in I was surprised how slow it was on a Saturday night. We waited at the host stand for a while not even getting greeted. When we were, it was one of those "You can take a booth" while a server flew by. The service was slow. Our waiter took our order without writing it down.  Of course he came back with the incorrect order, and I waited till the end of the meal for the mojito I ordered finally arrived. When we got the check, about 6 employees went by with their head down. Overall it was terrible service.The food was uninspiring as well. We went tapas style,will say the empanadas were light and tasty. The ceviche was advertised with large shrimp, and it came with tiny cocktail ones. The cubano sandwich had a weird un-flavorful hunk of pork. The croquetts  were previously frozen. I will say the orange mojito was decent and stiff.Couple all this a dated disorganized decor, I could of skipped this one. Groupon got me again, but it is in our neighborhood and I can check if off my list.... Where not to eat.
5	Florida cafe has been around for more than 17yrs I must say so far is the best Cuban Restaurant in Las Vegas!!! I still remember coming as a little girl with my mom. The food reminded us of my grandma's cooking. I highly recommend it if you are looking for authentic Cuban food this is the place to be..oh and they do have the BEST Mojitos ever and the flan is exquisite!!! :)
5	The food is great, the service is too. The new menu and the tapas makes it much better. My new favorite place. The portions are big and the prices low can't ask for more. I will be coming here mucho te often
4	My girlfriend took me here for my first official Cuban meal.  I've had similar Latin cuisine, but this was my first truly Cuban restaurant.  We started with the espresso. Don't let the tiny cup and baby spoon fool you, this coffee packs a big punch.  Very strong yet smooth and not bitter.  We decided in tapas and forgive me for not remembering the names of the dishes, but my descriptions should suffice.  First was chorizo with garlic and onions coverered in melted  cheese and seven with sliced buttered bread.  Immediately I fantasized about taking down this dish after a night of binge drinking.  The bread sopped up all the grease and oily goodness.  Second we had fried plantain cups filled with shrimp and topped with more cheese.  This dish which contains three of my favorite foods all in one is hands down my new favorite.  Other than the great food, atmosphere was nice, and the small staff was friendly and personable.  Will come back again.
2	The food was ok,nothing special, but it was my first time having cuban food.  I actually made the trip up from the strip (Im not a local) to visit this place after seeing it while I was going to look at the Pawn Stars pawn shop.  The wait staff was pretty horrible, and after waiting 20 minutes to get my check I had to walk up and find a waitress.  The waitress also seemed pretty bothered by me asking her for the check.  Id try cuban food again, but I would not go back here.
5	I've only been here once and it wasn't busy so service was not a problem when I went. The food was soooo good! We had the pernil which was moist and delicious, tostones, maduras, chicken, moros y cristianos. Omg everything was awesome! I will definitely go back!
5	Well well.. What a nice surprise. I am actually from Florida lived there for the better part of 15 years. when I moved to Vegas I never thought I would have good Cuban food again.. Florida cafe proved me completely wrong... The food was delicious, The prices are fabulous and very affordable. The restaurant was clean. Who would have thought this little gem would lay wait for me inside a rundown Howard Johnson's.. But there it was in all its Cuban glory.  The service was So So wait staff was a little slow and there were only 3 tables. But all  and all not enough to down grade a star.   Vegas does know how to do authentic Cuban food!!!!
3	So I decided on a whim that I would try this place out for lunch after reviewing previous Yelpers reviews. After all...my palate, I trust!  So I drove to the Howard Johnsons and navigated the extremely narrow driveway to park in the rear.  I then sauntered into the restaurant where I was promptly and warmly greeted by a man I shall refer to as "Julio."  Julio promptly seated me and then asked me the cursory restaurant questions and I asked that he tell me what was good for lunch.  Julio said "everything."  He then asked me about an appetizer and in typical Cuban fashion he spoke so friggin fast that all I caught was fried...potato...and beef!  So I said, "sure."He brought the appetizer out so fast I thought he may have pulled it off another table.  It was surprisingly very good and tasty.  I'd love to tell you the proper name but again, all I heard was "fried...potato...and beef!"The waitress came and I ordered a chicken breast marinated in citrus and garlic covered with grilled onions.  She also spoke very fast and with an accent so thick that apparently I ordered an avocado salad as well.The food came out rather quickly and the avocado salad turned out to be a fully sliced and pitted avocado and a very small plate of greens.  The marinated chicken breast was covered with grilled onions and served with white rice and black beans.  Needless to say, the food, although not what I had expected, was actually quite delicious.The decor was very Caribbean themed as was the music.  In a nutshell, I'd promptly go back there again just to try something else off the menu.
5	This is a great family restaurant. We have been coming here since we discovered it many years ago. The food is authentic delicious Cuban cuisine. Nothing fancy but very good. They have both American and Cuban choices so for any Cuban American like us, it's the best. On our recent sisters/mother road trip we came in the morning. They were not open but welcomed us with warmth and Cuban humor.  We enjoyed our cafe con leche, maduros, papas rellenas and ordered croquetas since our grandmother was famous for hers. They were just as good. We recommend itto all our friends who visit Las Vegas. It's only a short distance from the strip but worth the trip.
5	drove all the way from my little city to this spot just for the food.. talk about crazy good an worth it..
4	I found that the restaurant has really made an effort to change.  The service was fantastic.  The food was really a vast improvement.  The staff and owner acknowledged the problems.  The owner Sergio mad a huge effort to change our mind about this restaurant.  We went on a slow night so we saw the owner making improvements to the restaurant.    You should check out this historic restaurant.  You will find a cafe with a new invigorating sense of drive to serve their customers.  I would visit again, now with the food and service back up to standards.
4	Loved the food. Ordered the oxtails. The gravy was made perfectly the stew red beans and rice. Awesome! The guanabana juice was on point. Only reason why I didn't give all 5stars is because service was a little slow. We had to call them over when we needed help. But I would def go back. The food was on point and the establishment was really clean! Which is rare these days.
2	Been here several times over the years and although the food is delicious,  the service sucks. Won't be coming back again, because the service this last time was so bad. We waited 25 mins without one acknowledgment, finally he takes our drink order, didn't get any better from there. My advice,  go to Havana grill, same food, same owner, better service.
4	I had a Groupon for the Florida Cafe that was going to expire in a few days so I went here last night to use it and I'm glad I did.  My server was a delightful young woman but we had a bit of a language problem as you'll see during my review.I looked over the menu and I also asked her suggestion.  She pointed to an oxtail stew that's not on their online menu.  I opted to take her advice.  I started with their papas rellenas--mashed potatoes stuffed with picadillo beef and deep fried.  Presentation was very nice with two very thin plantain pieces deep freid and stuck in the papas.  There was also a small salad.The menu said all dinners come with red or black beans and rice.  I specified black beans.  That was the first language mixup.  Not only did I get black beans with my meal but my server brought me an extra bowl of black beans because she thought I ordered an extra dish.  It was good so I ate both!The oxtail stew was very flavorful.  I think some people might have thought the broth was salty, but it was just great for me.Dessert order time.  I asked about the size of the tres leches cake tower with flan and coconut.  She assured me it wasn't that large and then she brought me the normal flan and not the tres leches cake.  Language problem number 2.She asked if I wanted more Coke and I said, "No, iced tea."  She then brought me a Coke.  I didn't notice, but I soon had a table side science experiment.  You have no idea how Coke foams when you put artificial sweetener in it.  I managed to keep little Vesuvius from flooding the table, but I didn't drink the Coke.  Last language error.I'm going to go back because I really like Cuban food.  I'll also make sure that what I want is a bit more explicit!
3	Ate there twice, both times very good and the staff was very good.  Would go back for sure.  Out of the two different meal I had , the mini Cuban sandwich was very good!  The ropa veija was ok, had better. Only went there for breakfast and lunch, did not go for the late night crowd, but did see a post on a door saying no one under 21 allowed so I am wondering what is behind that door or that section of the establishment.  Especially since the bar was up front, so I know it was not the bar section but knowing Vegas I don't think I want to know.
1	I went to Florida Cafe on 4/24 with a friend and we both decided that we will not be back for the food. The drinks were on point however the food was not the good. My friend had the ox tails and she said it was fork tender but had no flavor or seasoning. I had the steak and onions it was not fork tender and it had no seasoning. Do not waste your money on the food. We will not be back for the food but for the drinks.
2	I used to love this place, but lately the service has gotten pretty bad. The wait time just to order is like 20 minutes. And the place is usually empty so it doesn't make any sense!
4	a delight!Have never had authentic Cuban food before... but then again this is my first time eating Cuban food. Came here for lunch. The host was very friendly and we were seated right away. Did not quite know what to order because I had a little difficulty understanding the menu and the waitress wasn't really helpful (language barrier). Finally ordered the Churrasco con Chimi-Churri and it didn't disappoint... I love meat and this meal was delicious. The meal included rice and some type of sauce that you spread over the rice... the value was excellent (although we used a Groupon deal). It had a large bar and also a room with a dance floor, must be fun during the evenings. I would try this place again.
2	The food was not memorable.  The service was lousy.  My husband and I were seated and our order was not taken for just over a half hour. We sat there and watched as other groups/individuals were seated and had their orders taken before us.  We kept trying to get our waitresses attention and had no success for quite awhile. We should have just walked out. But we stayed, eventually ordered and had an o.k. meal.
4	We were warmly greeted on entering and took a seat at the bar. After reviewing the menu, we ordered mojitos and the pappas rellenos con aioli appetizer (deep fried mashed potatoes stuffed picadillo beef with aioli). Our mojitos were probably the best we have ever had. The rellenos were grease free and tasty, but I would gladly trade the picadillo for more aioli. Rating assigned applies to the pappas rellenos.  A rating of 5 for the mojitos would be appropriate.
2	Had to large of a group they couldn't accommodate our large amount of people .
5	Food is good and well presented. Service is professional and quick.
4	Stopped for lunch- I love the atmosphere! Great food too.. I had the Mini Tamale and Mini Cubano --my boyfriend got the regular Cuban sandwich- it was HUGE! They are very generous with the servings. I will definitely be back! Service was great too- they always came back to check the drinks, always a plus!
5	This will be the first Cuban restaurant that I have ever been. I checked the Cuban menu out and I decided to tast the covered breaded steak with onions on top (because I'm just getting started with the caramelized onions) and they were the greatest dish. Oh but I also not to forget the white rice and the beans on the side which was the best thing on the dish. This dish was the best thing I have ever tasted. My first visit to this restaurant was on July 11, 2013. Also my niece went to sing songs on the karaoke which was also the thing to wait for the food to come. As as I said this was the first cuban restaurant that I have been in my life.
3	Service friendly, Cuban food authentic, but not prepared to it's full potential. I'm sure they have some very cool parties going on. But for my lunch was just very average.
3	First off parking sucks. Restaurant wasn't too busy.  Portions are good, food is decent, service leaves a lot to be desired. Food was ready pretty quick so don't bother ordering an appetizer (ours came with the rest of dinner). We stated that we would be sharing all of our entrees with our five year old and no plate or bowl was offered or brought for him. They placed our food and practically ran away. When someone finally realized we needed something and we were able to ask for a bowl we were almost done and it still took quite some time for them to finally bring a bowl (our son had been eating off of the appetizer plate). We finished up and asked for to go boxes and the check. Got the boxes and the check no problem. But had to chase someone down with all of us packed and ready to go so that we could get out credit card back. Food was tasty but probably won't go back.
5	We keep coming back!  The food is fantastic and we have never had a problem with the service.  Actually, the service was phenomenal!  Drinks were refilled before they were close to empty.We both ordered the Pernil de Cerdo Asado with a side of Platanos Maduros.  Just writing about it has be drooling!  YUMYes, it is inside the Howard Johnson.  Yes, the parking situation isn't the best.  And, yes, it is on the strip - but not really - way past the end.  However, for all those faults it still warrants 5 stars.  The food and service were that good.  We can not wait to go back!
5	this is byfar the most authentic cuban food in las vegas i love it i must eat it at least 5 timeg a momth
3	Food was fantastic!  Ropa Vieja was excellent as was the Moros y cristianos. Service left a lot to be desired hence the 3 star. I blame management. We were being served by the bartender, who also had a table of 14!  Staff more or seat less!  Still nice server despite...
3	I questioned the bartender whether we could use our gift certificate for adult beverages and, if so, did she know how to make a great mojito like we had on our last trip? After receiving an affirmative response to both questions, we ordered a pair of world-class mojitos. For entrees we both chose arroz con pollo a la Chorrea, a classic chicken and Valencia rice dish with bell and roasted red peppers, peas and fried sweet plantains.  These dishes included a choice of beans with Ann choosing red beans and me, Cuban black beans.  There was enough food to feed a lumberjack so neither of us finished our meals.
4	Amazing food and drinks! They have the best Mojitos, i love how they have bigger glasses now before the Mojitos were in a tiny glass. The wait staff is always very friendly but sometimes it takes a little long to have our food come out
5	Cuban Food is something that must be done right without compromise and this place ranks in my Top 5 Cuban restaurants in the nation.  Nestled in an area in between the North & South side of the strip lies some of the best mojitos in town.  Arroz con Pollo, Ropa Vieja, & Maduros are some of my classic Cuban favorites and this place has been very consistent for the last 10 years.  If you have a taste for some Amazing Cuban food and you are in Las Vegas you must eat at the Florida Cafe.
5	Very inviting u feel welcomed right away. The food. Is to die for excellant.  Must come n try.
5	We had a great experience at this Cuban jewel!!! Food was great, and Service was exceptional! Our waiter was very attentive and the manager even gave us a free appetizer! Background music was spot on and made us feel so welcomed and relaxed. We can't wait to come back to celebrate our anniversary! Cuban sandwich was great, my cafe con leche y tostada delicious and even our kids were amazed by the place and delicious food! It is a must if you come to Vegas!!!
5	The food and atmosphere is great, the staff is nice but very slow in getting your food to you even when the place is not busy. I've eaten there many times through out the years and I just know that the food out weighs the slow service so I keep coming back.
3	Am dying to try this place after reading the reviews. I'm 3rd-gen Cuban & also curious---has anyone checked out the live music here? Is it authentic Cuban music, and if so, when does it happen? Thanks!
4	Great Place, great food. Very Authentic. The place is clean and theres plenty of parking in the back. The owner is friendly and accommodating. I will continue to go back whenever im in LV.
4	Empanadas aren't pie based. They give 2 medium size meatballs on the TAPAS section of menu.
5	I love this place, great food, (especially the steak) great service, a great cuban environment, every time I come here I feel like I'm in a little slice of Havana, and the music makes me want to dance, they have a full bar as well, I recommend this place to anyone that loves traditional Cuban style and flavor!!!
5	The food here is fantastic!! A hidden gem in Las Vegas. Everyone should eat here, and have a mojito while you're at it! If you're tired of the "usual", eat some Cuban food, DELICIOUS!
5	Top notch food and service. Wait staff was amazing and personable. Every bit as good as the Cuban food in Miami.
2	As I sit here at the restaurant, I am disappointed to say that the quality has gone down. We go to Florida cafe everytime we visit Vegas, Usually 2-3 times a year.   The Cuban sandwich and bistec sandwich are good. Very disappointed in the pollo a la plancha. The chicken was dry wasn't as flavorful as it used to be. Service was terrible. It took 15-20 minutes just to get our drinks ordered. Getting a refill was also a pain. She checked on us once, after our drinks mand that was the last time we saw our waitress until about 20 minutes later when I got up and walked to the bar to ask or more sprite and Pepsi.  The place wasn't vey busy. Our waitress began cleaning tables before checking in how we were doing. We used to look forward to eating at this establishment when we go to Vegas. Not sure of that's gonna happen any more. Not sure if their was a change in ownership or what the reason was.
5	Best food I have ever tried!! Will definitely try again when I come back to vegas. Customer service  and food is excellent! AAA+
5	I can't believe all of the poor reviews on here. The food is wonderful!  I was slightly apprehensive due to the location, but the entire experience and meal from start to finish was perfect. The greeting at the door, appetizers, main course, dessert, coffee, service, accommodating my picky husband....everything.
2	On entering, I asked the bartender if we could use our restaurant.com certificate for mojitos and was told no though we were allowed to in the past.  Not a problem, I pocketed the certificate and ordered a pair of mojitos.  These drinks suffered from too little mint and an overabundance of club soda.
5	I love this place and it has had a special place in my heart for a very long time. I first came here when I lived in Vegas back in 06 after going to Miami and having some awesome Cuban food and coming home craving more. I would go to Florida Cafe once a week until I moved back to Portland in 08. Every time I visit Vegas I have to go back, and I bring everyone who is with me lol. My fave is the pollo a la plancha with black beans.  I hate a yummy skirt steak dish though this time at the recommendation of my waitress.... and oh how good it was. My BF and his brother ordered my usual and we're blown away at how fresh and yummy it was(it was the first time for them). My girlfriend ordered her usual Cuban sandwich and was happy as always.  I also ordered the side of sweet fried plantains and a coconut water.  Every thing was devoured, no take home boxes needed and all for $57! Oh yeah the complimentary bread you get before your meal is crazy good too. Man I want to fly back today just to eat at this yummy little gem. Don't be scared away by the fact that it is in the lobby of the Ho Jo hotel just try it. And if your feeling a little crazy you can go across the lobby to the little white chapel chapels to tie the knot! Lol
3	My Cuban hubby ordered Ropa Viejo (my personal fave!), with yucca on side, which he said was pretty good, tho the beef was a bit heavy on the tomato sauce, while I ordered a Cuban Sandwich, with maduros on side. The maduros, which I had been looking for ward to, were NOT sweet at all, as they should have been. He had a mamey shake, which he said was excellent, & I splurged calories on a chocolate shake. Shakes are fantastic! Made w/ milk & ice cream. Soo good! The service was very, very good! A nice evening, decent food, but too expensive! This is all we ordered, and the bill for the 2 of us, came to $49.16. WAY TOO MUCH!!!
2	Came for an authentic Cuban experience. The food was bland, fried with minimal sauce. The staff was friendly and the mojito gave me a quick buzz, but I would not return.
5	Being from Orlando, a cuban breakfast is easy to come by, so when I came here on vacation I searched for one and was excited to find florida cafe. We ordered the cuban toast and cafe con leche with sides of eggs, and it is the perfect.breakfast. the service is a little inconsistent, sometimes we are charged for refills, sometimes we arent, but besides that they never disappoint!
5	This place is one of the best non-Mexican Latin restaurants in Vegas. This place is small and cozy and the food is always fresh, cooked to order and most of the time done in a timely order. For starters the cafe con Leche is amazing, paired with the Cuban toast makes it even better. The rice and beans are always fresh and the spices are seasoned to perfection. I highly recommend this place for breakfast lunch or dinner. They have a full service bar, live music on the weekends. They also have a second location called Havana grill but I haven't been there yet.
5	Visiting from Hawaii.Nothing super fancy, but the food was better than anticipated (based in previous reviews) and the service was very attentive. We ordered the variety appetizer, which was amazing! It arrived with two ham/pork and cheese type sandwiches, fried bananas, sirloin steak, skirt steak and Moros y cristianos. My husband and I enjoyed all the flavors though we had to do take-out because we were so stuffed. We would definitely return to this restaurant.
3	I've been here years ago, but for some reason haven't been back. A few friends suggested coming here as they haven't been in a long time as well and a few in our party never been. We shared appetizers of - Jamon Croquettas - so think of if ham were fish sticks, then that would be this. Interesting, but I wouldn't get it again. Chicarones - these were served warm and were nicely crunchy. Solid chicaron. And they serve you white bread rolls slathered in butter. The BF and I shared - Cuban Sandwich with fries - This was a decent sandwich, but not the best I've had. Get it with the plaintain chips if you're into them as someone in our party got those and I thought that was better as the fries are standard. Pernil de Cerdo Asado - the pork was pretty tender and the red beans were pretty good. I feel it was missing something like a sauce though. I order something similar in LA and it's in a mojo sauce and I could have sworn eons ago when I was here last my meat was more citrusy. Service was just OK. Sometimes it seemed like they didn't really care and seemed to mishear us a lot. "Okay, french fries" "No, chicarones." "Oh okay". "Chuletas de Cerdo" "No, Pernil de Cerdo" "Oh'. Someone got black beans instead of what they actually ordered. It's a unique place with some charm. I feel it was slightly better years ago when we used to go. I remember really loving the pork back then, but I didn't feel the love as much now. I would probably eat here again when there is a hankering, but it sits right in the middle of the road for me.
2	We went here around the holidays last year. I am very familiar with Cuban food and this place is mediocre, to put it kindly. They would not survive in Miami. Visit there and you'll see. For starters, they use low quality ingredients yet charge full price. The steak that we ordered did not even have grill marks and the fillet was very skinny. One could find a similar quality steak in a Mexican restaurant for 1/4 to 1/3 off and they'll stuff you with fixings (e.g. chips and salsa), which compensates. I ordered a salad and all of the greens were iceberg lettuce and it was very pale, almost white. They could have thrown in a few pieces of romaine, butter and/or green leaf lettuce(s) to add some life and color. I'm not asking for escarole or French leafy greens. Even buffets do better for less. What I paid for was mainly the meat in my salad. That's so disappointing because even my homemade salads are better than this. Though I don't eat bread, my relative told me that it tasted okay, but she's had better. She had to ask for real butter because they gave her margarine. The waitress stated that it was butter, but my relative explained the difference between margarine and butter in Spanish. That's when she got the point. The meat and accompanying sauce was very flavorful. That's why I didn't give them 1 star. I get the sense that they nickel and dime everything because they're on Las Vegas Blvd. Technically, the Strip has not yet begun in this location because it is still considered a part of Downtown. This only means that the badlands are only a few blocks away. If drive around at night, you'll see what I mean. Location is everything.The service was okay, but the waitress tried to overcharge us (not a lot of money); so not cool.
1	I have been coming here since I was little and still continue to come for the food!! The food is delicious but the services SUCKS. No one listens and they act like we are bothering them when we are asking simple things. I wish I could give a better review because I absolutely love the food but they should really think about getting people that can at least act like they care about there customers.
2	I went to this place just to try something new, we'll let me tell you the food is average and in my opinion bland, when I ask for hot sauce they almost fainted and god forbid that you ask for a refill on your water that puts them over the edge!!! I will go back just to see if they can make it better......... We'll see!!
4	Food was great. ...excellent customer service. . We went during world cup finals,  great environment. .. food was served quickly,  decent price,  casual environment. . We will go back next time in vegas.
3	You would never know this Cuban restaurant was here unless a local brings you here.  Fun and delicious.
5	This place is a little hole in the wall.. stopped here to eat with a great of 6 friends amazing food. . Great atmosphere and service.. I used to live in Miami FL for a few years so its a little hard to find Cuban food. . Let alone good Cuban. . This is now a staple for every time I come to Vegas!! Everyone's food was great.  Very very large amounts of food. . Hot and fresh. . Drinks were also really good. . Will be back thank you. .
4	I'm so glad I found this little gem! I will be at this establishment at least once a month now. The papas rellenas and ropa vieja was very good. I took one star away because they forgot to put the sauce on my husbands steak and well because, it wasn't a 5 star experience but maybe next time it will be. I still had an amazing time with all of our friends and family.
5	I found this place from my dad. He would always come here on his trips to Vegas so now my husband and I come every time we come to Vegas. It's pretty hidden out in Downtown Vegas. It's inside a Howard Johnson hotel. Service was excellent for us. I got chicken with onions, rice, black beans, maduros. It was delicious!! I think it was remodeled It looked nicer from what I remember. The restrooms were very clean. Definitely check this place out if you're in Vegas
2	First of all, the service was not very welcoming.  I was Saturday afternoon Solo dining, and sat at the bar for a mojito and a Cuban sandwich.  Which I never ordered because the waitress/bartender/hostess never even inquired if I wanted a menu.  Mojito was average, too much lime, and it was stirred, not shaken.  No love put in there!    Had a Heineken next and then left.  Staff feels like they are bored and don't like their jobs very much.  Or each other.  Like robots really.  The bartender/waitress/hostess was definitely busting her ass way harder than anyone else.  I would give it another try, maybe on a busy night when dinner service is in full swing, to try the food and check out the ambience.
3	My friend brought me here, because it's one of his favorite places. Meh. It was ok. Nothing to write home about. I did love the bread they put in the table. It was buttered and fresh. I ordered the appetizer sampler so I could taste a few things. It had some potato croquette things that had smoked ham inside. They were good. The tamale was decent with chicken in it. A small Cuban sandwich which was uneventful and a potato meat thing that was good. I liked all of it, but loved none of it.He ordered the fries plantains and I tasted them. They were pretty good too. I would come back again if invited, but not make a point to come on my own or suggest to friends.
3	The food was decent, not my favorite cuban restaurant; though, the customer service was great and mojitos are really good,  i suggest trying the Coconut Mojito.
4	Who would have thought you could find good cuban food in a Howard Johnsons?  Throw in an excellent bakery and you have a winner.  The prices for lunch are reasonable, if slightly higher than I would like and the portions are large.  The cuban sandwich is good and I enjoyed the croquetas de Jamon and the Cuban Tamale. I am putting this place into my lunch rotation.
1	The service was very slow, it took over 30 min for a steak sandwich and the plantains were a joke.  I wouldn't eat there if they gave it to me for free.
5	We've been coming here since 2004 and I will say there food is very fresh and the environment is very pleasant
