2	The Liberty is a bar/ restaurant located in the old McIntosh's Steaks & Seafood building on South Blvd.  The restaurant appears to have a theme that focuses on beer while their food and beverage selection which includes a fairly extensive wine list that may have you thinking differently.  Atmosphere - Modern, clean, barley, amber, kegs, aluminum, concrete, dim lightingFood - When I sat and started perusing the menu I had some difficulty in identifying what I wanted as the layout was confusing to me.  As an example, the menu listed a line with a seafood item, then listed a beef item and then back to a seafood item.  There did not seem to be any rhyme or reason for it; at least one that I could decipher.  While deciding on what to eat, I went with a quick order of a beer.  The place is not a microbrewery, so based on a recommendation I went with the Dogfish Shelter Pale Ale from their tap selection.  It was served in an official Dogfish glass.  The beer had a nice strong flavor without being heavy.  After more struggling with the menu and the food descriptions (see photo), I ended up going with the safe route, a burger & fries.  With my order, I asked that they sans the cheese but did not think to inquire about the mayo situation.  The burger & fries arrived hot and nicely presented on a ceramic dish with the fries in a metal can/ sleeve.  With burgers, it has been my experience in a brew pub setting that normally the mayo is an item that is provided on the side.  Unfortunately for me this was not the case, as mayo was slathered on both sides of the bun.  So I ended up just eating the beef patty w/ a knife and fork.  I must say that the beef was good because it tasted like a cut of a steak which to me signaled it was of good quality.  The side of fries was crisp but had a green, and I assume, dill seasoning that I did not prefer.Service - The service I had was okay...nothing above and beyond.  She did ask if everything was okay, but based on my obvious confusion with the menu it would have been nice if she had mention that the burger comes w/ mayo on it...oh well.Price - The menu is pretty varied in price, from a $10 hamburger & fries to dishes costing around the $20 price point.  With my $5.50 draft, my meal came in just over $20 w/tip.Overall - It was a so-so experience.  Would I go again...probably not?  But the beer selection is worthy of a beer lover to at least check out.
4	I have just got back from having what was a simply superb meal at "The Liberty".This restaurant opened recently and I've been looking forward to trying out what this gastro-pub has on offer and it certainly didn't disappoint my partner and me.Starters: crispy calamari with a curry slaw and a date dish that was sublimeMain Courses: Lucky Pig and scallops with potatoesDeserts: Hot chocolate cake and rocky roads creme bruleeEverything was fresh with complex flavors. None of the dishes can be described as standard fare and I will certainly return to try those that also caught my eye. If I have to find a fault with the meal it was that the brulee was just too sweet for me. This is however a minor niggle in what was a great meal.Highly recommended and I will definitely be finding an excuse to try their lunch menu too.
2	Dine at Liberty just the other day and basically confused by the experience.  We had a sampling of the pub food (smaller portions) and were amazed at the flavors, but then got an entree and were shocked it came out of the same kitchen... bland... so very bland as in ZERO flavor.Atmosphere reminded me of being in a beer tasting room... but that of a beer like Budweiser or Miller... just something was wrong.  Didnt feel right or welcoming.All in all, not bad but doubt we would go back... and they just opened.  Got to be able to wow people in the beginning... right?
4	If I could give The Liberty 4.5 stars, I would.    This is a great concept with excellent follow through.  The Gastropub concept is an interesting one...upscale "pub food" with extensive beer offerings.  The Liberty delivers on both.Even though it's a casual restaurant and pub, you can make reservations.  We did and my friends and I sat in the dining room portion of the joint.  Good choice for having conversations.  The menu is simple and doesn't have too many options.  I ordered the Lucky Gastro-Pig...just to say the name really...but, I was so glad I did. It is "Slow-Roasted Black Berkshire Pork Shoulder with Crepes,Pickled Pineapple, Spicy Peanuts, Jalapenos, Lettuce Cups."  No joke, that's what you get.  The pork is in a little Le Creuset pot.  It did need a little salt and pepper, but maybe that's my taste.  It was delicious and I ate every bite.  My friends ordered the burger and fries and the wings.  The fries had Parmesan on them and were amazing.  They were both very pleased with their entrees.Our server was great...Josh...ask for him.  He was even funny and responsive when my friend pointed out the misspelled menu items which are written all over the walls (example: Chedder for Cheddar, etc...)  My only beef with this place was a couple of things with the decor.  The dull posters with a photo shop picture of beers and a cute poem need to go (see the photos).  They should bring in local art.  It would look great on the walls made of reclaimed wood.  And, they need to take down the cheesy, and misspelled, menu item graphics from the walls.  It makes it look like a "Disney-pub," where you have to explain who you are the customer right away.  This place can (keg) stand on it's own without gimmicks!The bar was PACKED when we left at 11 pm on a Friday...quite the scene.  I'll be back when I visit Charlotte.
4	We visited The Liberty shortly after it opened and were impressed. I'm really tired of all of the pretentious restaurants in Charlotte...finally, a place that serves good food, good wine, good beer and good cheer! We ordered the sliders and the homemade pickles to start and loved them! We were in a hurry, so we shared the burger for dinner and it was cooked perfectly...the condiments were also in the right proportions so as not to overwhelm the delicious burger. We'd definitely go back!
2	I am not a fan of the Liberty.  I was excited to go and try this place out. I had heard about the extensive beer list, and that was the only aspect of our visit that did not disappoint.  They serve a good selection of drafts and bottles as well as wines.  I had a great draft cider, 'Original Sin'.  That was the highlight of our meal.  Our server misrepresented at least one dish, the vegetable plate, as it had none of what he described.  They only have one soup per day, and that changes.  All of the food for my table arrived lukewarm, and a lukewarm burger is not good.  Our server forgot our appetizer order, and then when prompted delivered it after our entrees.  The pretzel appetizer was good, but waay overpriced-- $6 for 2 small pretzels with mustard.  Overall, a bad experience.  If I got back, it will only be to the bar.
3	Went there with coworkers on a Wednesday. . .first impressions were good. They have totally gutted and redone the space and it's now a retro-modern irish pub motif. Think lots of soft yellow and oranges, but with modern furniture. It actually works well. We were immediately seated (thumbs up) but were given quite possibly the pushiest server I've ever experienced! (thumbs down) This woman was up-selling us on drinks, apps, you name it the whole time we were there. It was annoying enough that it was comical. On to the food - overall it is solid. The data/bacon/blue cheese appetizer is a decedent treat, and the calamari is a solid choice also. Note that serving sizes for apps are modest. The beer selection here is very good and eclectic. Interestingly, they do not give you a breadbasket or water unless you ask. I had the trout with roasted tomato's and lobster mac-and-cheese and it was very good. Fish was still moist and tender and the mac-and-cheese was as rich as you would want it. My table mates ordered the salmon and the shrimp and grits, both which received the thumbs-up. We didn't order desert (the server almost hyperventilated offering us the bread pudding), but the items look good. Overall this is a good option for going out - not necessarily a "destination" restaurant, but a worthwhile addition to the scene here in Charlotte. I applaud their attempt to mix comfort food with sophisticated ingredients and only wish they had more relaxed service.
3	Unfortunately we decided to try this place after Helen's write up in the Observer, and the place was packed. Luckily we got there early enough (5:30ish) to get a table in the bar area (the place is divided into the seated restaurant area and the bar section). I kinda had hoped it wasn't so segregated and the bar was used more than just a place to wait on your table, which it mostly was people waiting on a table. I figured that since it was marketed as a gastropub why not experience the meal/service/ambiance from the actual bar area. we were seated and immediately offered drinks, great beer selection, and was excited to see OMB on the list. The service was great especially since our waitress had to haul a bunch of plates, and not just drinks. We started with the pimento cheese and bangers plate. This was awesome and went great with our first beer. My only complaint was it was served with saltine crackers, expected a little more effort on the kitchens part. We then had the angry mussels, which were wonderfully smoky and the size of the mussels were enormous, again expected more than the sliced sysco baguette to sop of the juices (they weren't even warmed). We also got the fries which I would skip, all of the fires were thick cut and soggy, and served in a red plaided cone which just highlighted how big of a miss they were. We finished with the trout and lobster mac, which was very impressive. Overall, the concept is great, atmosphere is lively, and the place is packed. A great addition to the Charlotte scene. We will return again.
5	Been here three times already and love the food.  The duck on the appetizer menu is unreal and the BEST burger in the city.  Atmosphere is cool and staff is friendly.
3	This is definitely an occassion where I need 3 1/2 stars because I felt like three isn't enough, but I'm not sure this place is 4 worthy quite yet.  We went to The Liberty for my birthday and originally planned to attend the five-course beer dinner being sponsored by Big Boss brewery.  But, when we arrived, the beer dinner patrons were all gathered around the downstairs bar and it appeared to be a "single and ready to mingle" crowd that wasn't interesting me or my boyfriend.  So, we decided to go upstairs and eat off the regular menu.  For starters, we had the "Devils on Horseback" which are dates wrapped in bacon and stuffed with bleu cheese, drizzled with a savory balsamic reduction.  They truly live up to their name because they are quite evil and if eaten in abundance, I'm sure they would be cause for going straight to hell.  In other words, they are rich and decadent, a tiny little explosion of heaven in your mouth.  Yum.  The other app that we tried turned out to be the one really weak spot in the night:  the pork belly sliders with pickles and vanilla apple butter.  Sure, these sound good in theory, but when it came down to it, the combination of vanilla, pork, pickle, and apple didn't work for me at all.  I think the pickle/vanilla combo was really off.  Those flavor profiles don't really work together..  The belly itself was also undercooked and that just makes it.....well, kinda gross.  Moving on to dinner.  I had the scallop special and it was fantastic!  There were two giant hockey puck-sized seared scallops served on a bed of risotto that was spiked with chunks of rock shrimp and fresh asparagus.  Yum, yum, yum!!!  So good!  These were probably the biggest scallops I've ever eaten in my life....it was like cutting into a steak.  A really tender, sweet steak.  :)  My boyfriend had the chicken and dumplings....standard, yet tasty.  The piece de resistance for me, however, was dessert.  Rocky Road Creme Brulee.  Holy crap.  That's all I need to say.We sampled a variety of beers, and I am impressed by the selection and the prices are reasonable.  All in all, I like this place alot and will probably be back.  Thank you for making up for the birthday dinner disaster at Cabo last year, it's appreciated!
4	Have been here twice for dinner and three times for lunch now.Had to wait a bit for dinner both times so I would definitely recommend reservations.The service has been great with very knowledgeable servers.The revolving beer and dinner selections make this very enjoyable every time we go.
4	This is one of those times that I wish they would let you give half star ratings, as I would like to give the Liberty 3.5 stars.Nice warm feel to the place, some of the decor seemed a bit cheesy but comfortable overall. I would also get rid of the exposed keg cooler with windows. The rest of the place has nice warm colors, but this keg cooler has windows and the lighting inside is a harsh bright light, and has all of the tap lines visible. Kind of an eye sore.The beer menu is fairly extensive, and has some great beers both on tap and in bottles. The only issue that I have with the beer menu is that there is very little description of  each beer, and there are no food/beer pairing suggestions. I would also like to see a place like this have a few more taps, I think they have around 20 beers on tap now; 30-40 would be better (IMHO)The food is outstanding, my wife had the braized short ribs and I had the shrimp and grits. Both dishes were terrific. A little pricey, but definately worth it. We went for dinner each had two beers, a main course, and an appitizer to split and after tip our bill was around $70.The service was really good, our waitress was attentive, not overly pushy, and helpful with the menu. Overall the experience was very enjoyable. I would definately suggest the Liberty to anyone looking for a good beer-centric restaurant with better than pub fare food. I will still stick with Duckworths if I just want to stop and have a pint or two, but this is a great choice for great food paired with good beer.
3	The Liberty is good, but it could be so much better. There are few restaurants where I want to order everything on the menu, but this is one of those places. Everything I've had -- with one exception -- has been outstanding. That exception? The pub burger. It's sloppy and the beef barely has any taste, let alone enough to stand up to the caramelized onions and bacon they serve on it. The Angry/Arrogant mussells, chicken and dumplings and farro risotto are all standout dishes.But the menu suffers from an identity crisis: it says it's a gastropub, focused on upscale bar food and great beer, but it acts like a fine dining establishment with upscale twists on Southern favorites. It needs to stop trying to be all things to all people and focus on one or the other. As it is now, there will always be someone bound to be disappointed or underwhelmed. Some of their best dishes are sides and appetizers, which should be promoted to entree status, while their worst dish--the pub burger--should be their best. It's suffering from chef-owner syndrome, and hopefully the top brass can put aside their showboating and showcase their evident talent on humbler fare.
2	A few co-workers went there on a Tuesday evening.  Good beer selection at the bar but the prices are way too high.  Moved to a table to order dinner.  Again, prices are high for pub food.  They have fancy, fun names for food that just isn't that great.  I had the salmon which was okay but I've definitely had better at a much lower price.  One of my coworkers got the pulled pork BBQ crepes and she got sick later that night.  Thumbs down.
2	Knew it'd be rough cobbling a vegetarian meal together here, but it turned out to be even more challenging that I expected. Ancient Farro, a side, was the most satisfying part of my meal - colorful, forest-floor-y, earthy. I also dipped everything I could get my hands on in the spicy mustard served with the (super buttery) pretzel, although I don't think it was house-made. Because we had to order tons of sides to get everyone full, we ended up spending twice as much as our meat-eating pals, which was great. Beer selection was good, with most of the exotics on the bottled list. I always tend towards tap drawn cervezas so I gave a couple of newbies a try. The high grav beer flight was terrific, and a steal at 6 bucks. Service ranged from spacey (door girls) to efficient (our waiter). If the Cheesecake Factory was masquerading as a Gastropub, decor-wise, it would look like this.A piece of advice for the Liberty's Chef de Cuisine and anyone else out there building menus, yet scared to put options for us "hippies" on there: We like good food and beer too. All it takes is a couple of options to get us in the door. A lot of vegetarian peeps are food-saavy - we're going to spend money at your place, if you make us feel welcome. And I'm not talking about a roast vegetable sandwich, a la 1982. I'm talking about real, well designed, prep-heavy Entrees, on par with the rest of the menu. Tofu isn't just for stir-fry. Tempeh isn't hard to find. There are umpteen-million veg food bloggers out there you can rip off, if you're lacking inspiration. It ain't hard. Once you've taken the plunge to vegetarian-ville, veganifying an option or two is even easier - just keep margarine around to prep with, make cheese optional, and you're set. Shit, I'll consult for free. Call me.
3	This is a good spot to chill.  We went for St Patty's day and they actually had an Irish bagpipe troupe playin songs.  I didn't know Irish had bagpipes, so that was a learning experience for me.They have an outside patio but I've never been out there.  The inside is pretty spacious and you can easily get a long table for a decent sized group.  The few times we've been there we've had at least 8 or more.Their drink selection is good. and so is their food.  Everything on the menu looks good, and I believe they just changed it so we will be back soon.  It is more of a bar than a restaurant, however they have a good selection of meals to round out the night.  It does get loud, but that's expected.  Plenty of parking in the lot behind too.
3	A gastropub it seems like this word has been popping up everywhere lately. I've been asked several times what a gastropub is and to be honest I'm not really sure. A gastropub to me is a casual joint that serves good beer and great food more upscale then a neighborhood pub usually has a large selection of small plates and great french fries. Every gastropub I've been to seems to be very hip. The web definitions vary from a public house, a drinking-establishment of British influence, a bar that serves a higher standard of food then a normal pub. You choose what you want it to mean, anyway you should definitely check one out. Like the Liberty. I met a friend of mine for lunch at The Liberty and I thought the food was quite good. We shared the Ashley Farms Chicken Breast with Avocado, Havarti Cheese, Chipotle Aioli. The chicken was grilled perfectly and the roasted red peppers were a great plus. Did I mention the roll it was served on it was so soft and delicious. We also tried the Grilled Shrimp Salad with Bibb Lettuce, Tomato, & Lemon Vinaigrette, now this was pretty plain I think I could have made something better at home. I don't want to leave out the crispy french fries though, they were some of the best I've had in town. I would definitely come again for lunch and maybe try dinner they have a great beer selection, and it looks like a fun place to hang out with some friends.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this restaurant. The BBQ is by far the best BBQ that I have ever had. The Salmon is the best salmon that we have had in NC. The beer selection is incredible.Try to make it for one of their beer dinners. They pick a brewery and match beers with food. It is completely worth the price. They don't always advertise these on their website (not sure why). Call ahead and ask when they next one is and make reservations for it. This is not meant for non-beer drinkers and vegetarians. This is meant for people who love pork to be in everything and for people who love heavy beers.
4	I've been curious about The Liberty for some time now, and I finally made it in to try some tasty lunch!I went into this meal with no expectations - I just wanted to give it a try. Hubs and I grabbed a seat on the patio, which was just lovely for half of the time, the other half I was covering my ears due to the fire engines leaving the station across the street. No matter though - that's not Liberty's fault!Liberty is pretty neat inside - a great bar area with plenty of high tops and a main dining room with lots of low, amber-colored lighting and a big kitchen in the rear. I also meandered downstairs where there is a really cool private dining area. Super sweet. Anywho, back to my experience. Our server was really sweet and efficient, especially considering we were the only people eating on the patio. I ordered the chicken & dumplings and was quite happy with the bird - crispy skin, plump bird and a small smattering of carrots, mushrooms and a few greens. While I was expecting large dumpling (considering the dumplings part in the description) it came with seven or eight ricotta gnocchi. Now, I love me a gnocchi, and these were indeed delicious, it just wasn't what I was expecting. The star of the meal though was my husband's mac 'n cheese - I totally took over that little skillet. It's the baked mac with more cheesy goodness than I ever though possible. Delicious, creamy and topped with a light coating of breadcrumbs. I don't know what types of magical cheese were in this tasty skillet, but I couldn't help myself. Overall, a really solid dining experience at The Liberty. I look forward to coming back, especially since it's in my 'hood!
4	My landlord recommended Liberty to me the other day so I thought I would check it out.  I was definitely impressed!  I had read a little about it - being a gastropub and what not.  The decor was very hip inside.  The walls are backlit and lined with pallet-wood.  there is also some strange structure in the middle made out of this same pallet material with columns of metal kegs.  There is lit up art of macro sized frothy beer.  It looked pretty interesting.  They had a relatively good selection of national beers, including local options.  The food was great as well.  I had the fennel sausage (amazing) and my friend had the pork chops.  One knock would be the pricing - I assumed it would be more in line with upscale pub pricing.  It was more like upper-mid range pricing.  The food was better than expected, however - only slightly over sodiumed.  Service was good, our waitress was very enthusiastic.Check it out if you have a few extra dollars to spend.  Eat inside, especially if it is dinner - the outdoor area isn't that spectacular.
3	I visited the Liberty last week for the first day and was pleased. I wasn't sure as to what to expect from a "gastropub" so I went in with an empty stomach and my fingers crossed. We sat outside on the patio, which was perfect weather for a fall day but alot of noise with it being right off South Blvd. I noticed two things right off on the menu 1) Not alot of items (but I guess thats one of the aspects of a gastropub) and 2) Holy high prices batman! I was thinking about a burger but really wasn't feeling the whole $12/$13 for one. I ended up getting the BBQ Pork Belly Sliders which were succulent and ok---out of this world. I think I was moaning with each bite and didn't want it to ever end. After seeing the french fries at our neighboring table, I got an order as well and they were disappointing. Limp=bad. Service was quick and attentive. All in all, I would head back here but definitely not the place to go if you are looking for huge portions or have something specific in my mind.
4	Went here again on an incredibly rainy day with my wife - we had a rare "kid free" day and wanted a place in the South End to eat. We came in around noon and literally the place was almost empty - ended up sitting on the bar side because I wanted the fireplace nearby. Strangely the bar side has a really "cold" vibe because of the metal chairs and hard floor. Took us a while to warm up but the tasty beers helped. :)I ordered the tomato soup with popcorn and the fish and chips - yes, it's a stereotype, but I love fish and chips and had heard good things. My wife ordered the turkey burger with mushrooms and onions with a side of their legendary mac and cheese. Soup: No problems at all. Warm, full-flavored, and with good tomoato chunks. Fish and Chips: The chips rock - natural cut, delicately fried and salted well. The fish was really crispy (probably a beer batter)Turkey Burger: Here was the surprise - it was huge!! Very tasty burger and enormous, both in width and height. This thing was big enough to feed two AND it was very juicy (especially for a turkey burger). Mac and Cheese: G-R-E-A-T as usual. Service was solid. Overall I really like the Liberty and hope it continues to thrive.
3	I had a couple friends that live down the road from here so we ended up dropping in for dinner and drinks.The atmosphere is... comfortable. We were in the bar room and it was a Wednesday which means $5 wine night. The staff were okay- good about service but not too friendly.I ordered the pear and mixed greens salad and paired it with the Malbec they had. Food was fresh, it looked nice, and I could tell the wine had been opened that day which was good.Their menu seemed rather put together and their plating for the cheese and meat plate my friend got was nice.For what you get, I feel like this place is a pinch pricier than it should be but overall I had a nice time.
2	I have to say I was disappointed with Liberty. I went with Jon O. so you can read his review as well but it just was not a pleasant experience. One thing Jon O. did not mention is that a bartender came to our table and literally yelled at one of our friends. Yes... she actually yelled at him and the owner had to come around and apologize. I don't necessarily agree with how the whole situation went down and other than our one friend no one at the table was involved with the conversation and she had to bring it to our table and make everyone involved with the situation. As for the menu in my opinion it was overpriced and they under delivered. I believe it was about $13 for a mediocre burger. There entrees run over $20 and lack any flavor. We did go there when they first opened and maybe it is better now but I have no plans of ever going back.
3	Some of my co-workers and I headed over to The Liberty for lunch yesterday.  We arrived around 12:15 and the parking lot was fairly packed, but upon entering the building, seating still seemed plentiful.  We were seated on the right side in the bar area.Our waitress greeted us and took our drink orders.  Kudos to any wait staff who are good enough to ask whether or not you want a lemon in your water or tea.  As one who doesn't like lemon, I appreciate people who ask (our waitress asked).  We decided on the blue cheese potato chips and the pickles as appetizers.  There were only four pickles in the serving and they were served raw.  They're house-made and the general consensus was that they were tasty.  A far bigger hit was the chips which were served warm with blue cheese melted over them.  They were quite tasty.  And that's coming from someone who doesn't like blue cheese.Our entrees arrived fairly quickly.  I ordered the chicken sandwich, which came with avocado, pepper jack cheese, fried onions, and a chipotle aioli.  I had the Parmesan-herb fries.  The sandwich was big and it was a pretty good sandwich.  Lots of nice flavor coming through, particularly with the pepperjack and the aioli.  The fries were plentiful and were served in a metal cup.  However, they were a little too salty for my taste.  Perhaps because they season them with salt as well as with the Parmesan?The service was great and I will consider coming back again to try the lamb burger or perhaps their chicken and dumplings.  I probably won't order the fries, but I'm open to trying the mac and cheese.
4	The Liberty is one of mine and the Boyfriend's favorite neighborhood joints.  They have a spectacular beer menu with revolving taps, which Boyfriend majorly digs.Mostly we've been at lunch time, which prices fit in better with our budget.  Highlights I've tried include the Barbecue sandwich, Colorado Lamb burger, and tomato soup (side).  The Barbecue sandwich is stuffed with big chunks of tender pork in a sweet & tangy sauce - it's not NC-style vinegary Q, but if you can come to terms with that, it's a great sandwich. The melted Gouda seems a bit superfluous though, and gets lost between the pork, the slaw and WAY yummy (brioche?) bun. Next time I'd get it cheeseless.The Lamb Burger is just about too big to fit in your mouth, so I end up having to eat it sideways.  They are not at all stingy with the goat cheese, which I am majorly appreciative of. The grilled onions and roasted peppers are very flavorful, and again, it's on that superdelicious brioche-y bun.  One thing on the burgers - they do cook to order, but seem to undercook (?). I've had the lamb burger 2x; the first time I ordered medium rare and received something that was quite a bit pinker than expected. The second time I ordered medium, and got something I would have called medium-rare, which suited me fine. Boyfriend ordered medium for his Pub beef burger, and bit into a fairly pink patty.  He didn't send it back or complain, but said that he would have preferred it to be a little more cooked. Sides: Mac & cheese seemed somewhat bland to me, but I've only tried it once. Maybe hit an off day? Parmesan fries are always hot, crispy, delicious and plentiful.  Usually Boyfriend orders them as a side, and I help him with them ;)  Tomato soup is creamy but not overly-rich; tangy, with fun little popcorn bits floating on top (which need eating quickly, though, else they get soggy).  Green beans were tender-crisp with a just-right lemon-garlic-buttery sauce.We've been for dinner once. Boyfriend's Fish & Chips were good, with the afore-mentioned dependable fries and crispy, fresh fish. I had some conconction involving sausage-stuffed bacon-wrapped trout, which was decent but maybe had just a little too much going on? Duck fat potatoes on the side were good, but greasy. Overall, this is one of our top go-to lunch spots, and we're always eager to fit in another visit.
4	I visited The Liberty for the first time more than a year ago during Sunday brunch and was...less than impressed. Food was average, service was below average, and it kept me from coming back. Until last night.Last night's experience has definitely redeemed this gastropub for me. Service was much better, and the food was excellent! Husband and I shared an order of calamari "fries," which were less fried and more like perfectly cooked, with a tangy sauce and curry slaw. He ordered the lamb burger with gouda and roasted red peppers, and I ordered the pecan crusted trout. Both were excellent. We'll definitely be back, hopefully before the menu changes (every three or four weeks, I think), so we can order that calamari again.
4	The interior is a bit unique, but consistent with the theme of the restaurant, so I like it. The walls have backlit beer pics, so you kind of feel like you are inside the beer or floating in beer(been there before). The server was prompt and helpful with our questions about the menu and beer list.   We started with the calamari fries and they were delicious. The calamari was flavorful, just a little bit chewy(perfect in my book) and light. The tangy sauce and curry slaw were perfect accompaniments to the calamari. The breading was light. I was a bit worried that the smoked gouda and sauteed onions would overpower the  delicate flavor of lamb meat on the lamb burger, but No Way Jose! The flavor of the lamb burger was awesome. The delicate gaminess of the lamb was not lost. The only down side was that there was so much going on, it was pretty sloppy and fell apart almost immediately.Oh, I drank draft Franziskaner Hefewiezen and it was goooood! They have a fun and interesting beverage program.
3	Went here for lunch a few weeks ago.  I really dug the decor.  This is first and foremost a pub, but they've switched up the traditional pub look with a modernist beer theme (lots of casks and gold liquid used throughout the space).  As an appetizer, my lunch-mates and I ordered the pretzels, which were fine--nothing different than you would find anywhere, and I thought the sauces weren't especially tasty. For our entrees, the waitress steered me away from the bland (her words) veggie plate and to the chicken & dumplings.  When it arrived, I was disappointed to learn that the chicken was all dark meat--possibly my least fave thing to eat!  I went back to the menu to see if it had stated that chicken was actually dark meat but such info was conspicuously absent.  And, yes, I know that it is fashionable to eat dark chicken meat these days, but I just cannot get with that.  I loathe sending food back--LOATHE IT!!--but dark chicken meat is too much for me to bear, so I finally flagged down our waitress and asked if the uneaten dish could be returned.  She was highly reluctant to send it back, which rubbed me the wrong way, and I actually had to push her to send it back.  I get the feeling that she was new, but, given that this is probably the third time in my life I've ever sent food back to a kitchen, I was pretty shocked by her attitude. When she finally took my food back to the kitchen and permitted me to reorder, upon the advice of my lunch-mates, I chose the fish and chips.  This dish was quite good, and I would highly recommend. Unfortunately, my meal arrived long after everyone else's, so I had to do that awkward eating-after-others-have-already-eaten-and-want-to-leave thing.  Not so cool.  We considered dessert, but they only had two options, and our waitress didn't do a very good job of selling either one. Rereading the above, I'm not exactly sure why I'm giving the Liberty 3 stars.  I actually started with 4 stars, but after reflecting on my experience, quickly dropped it to 3 and now I'm even questioning that high of a score.  I guess my gut tells me that most of the issues I had were a direct result of having a yuck waitress and a poorly described menu, and, despite everything, I am willing to come back and give this place another shot.  So, I would suggest that the Liberty keep their interesting decor and fish and chips but update and refine their menu descriptions, train their waitresses better, have more desserts and a dessert menu.
3	The Liberty is my go-to place when I'm not quite sure where I want to go. It's right down the road from my house and the beer offering is typically quite good. I like the fact that they encourage craft beer newbies to try a new beer while there.  The bar area is decorated with a lot of metal advertising signs for beer and cigarettes.  I like the touch--not quite Cracker Barrel, not quite gas station-themed bar.  The wait staff is hit and miss.  I've had several bartenders that I really enjoyed, but most of the servers seem to be too bored or too cool to care about the customers.  Listen, I'm sorry that the cute guy in your EN100 class likes your sorority sister more than you, but don't bring that stuff to work.  But I digress...The quality of food has been consistent each time that I have eaten at The Liberty.  I have yet to try one of their entrees because their small plates always look appetizing and I like eating many small things more than one big thing.  I'm a big fan of the duck confit over arugula and crispy green beans.  You can't beat it for $9.  The menu does rotate, so I was disappointed to see the duck rillette (named Pot o' duck) removed from the menu temporarily.  Try the homemade pickles and the pork belly sliders.  You won't be disappointed.  With improved wait staff I'd give The Liberty 4 stars.
4	Another on the burger  bracket list from the Observer.  I didn't start out intending to visit The Liberty, but my first choice was only serving a brunch buffet til 2:30 pm so they lost out.  I got there a little before noon on a Sunday.  The restaurant was not busy at all and I sat in a booth in the bar so I could watch a little March Insanity while I ate my burger.  There was only 1 other couple in the bar area so not busy at all.  The bartender came over to get my drink order and drop off a menu.  I ordered the burger and a Olde Hickory Piedmont Pilsner.   When the bartender asked how I wanted my burger cooked I asked for "as close to illegal" as possible.  She said that since they grind their own hamburger in house they could cook it less than medium.  I ordered medium rare.  Not sure if that's true or not, but I can't find anything in NC State law regarding cooking of hamburger. The bar area as well as the rest of the restaurant has a lot of wood, which give it a nice pub like atmosphere.  There are plenty of windows so even with all the dark wood it wasn't too dark.  My food came out quickly.  The burger was enormous.  It was held together with a wooden skewer and there was only about an inch of the skewer left at the top.   The burger was juicy but not too greasy.  It was way beyond medium rare, closer to medium well, but since it wasn't dry I was OK with that.  It had a nice char flavor as well, like it had been grilled over a flame rather than on a flat top grill.  This was something some of the other burger places I have tried have been missing.   The burger comes with bacon, lettuce, tomato, and mayo.  Its size makes it difficult, even for my big mouth, to eat, but it was the best burger I've had so far.  The fries were a little bit under cooked for my taste.  I like a crispy fry and these could have been left in the fryer about a minute more and they would have been perfect.The service at the start of my visit was good, but as more and more people came into the bar I started to feel neglected.  I did order another beer after my meal, but after that the bar tender kind of forgot about me until she brought over my check.    I could have used a refill on my water, but my glass sat empty at the edge of the table.  The price was reasonable too, $9.50 for burger and 1 side.    I would have given 5 stars, but the undercooked fries and drop in service at the end of my visit drops them down to 4.
3	whenever i hear an establishment throw around the phrase, "the best burger in town", i feel that it is incumbent upon me to take some kind of action:challenge accepted.i've had lots of delicious burgers, so i feel as though it gives me an, ahem, "right" to ascertain a burger's awesomeness (yes, i do think in-n-out burgers are fanfriggintastic).  hey, i didn't make the rules, but it sure is a fun game to play.i've been to the liberty twice, and i had two kinds of experiences.  the first time i went, i partook in a meal fit for a (gluttonous) king: warm, fresh baked pretzels; devils on horseback (medjool dates stuffed with blue cheese and wrapped in bacon); roasted beet root and goat cheese salad; fish and chips.  don't you dare judge me.  i split it all with my husband.i walked away very full and with a few minor issues: i thought the pretzels had too much salt on them, the bacon in the devils on horseback could have stood to be cooked more (bit too rubbery instead of chewy), and the fish and chips could have borrowed some of the pretzel's salt.  don't get me wrong, i did enjoy the meal, but i also managed to think of ways it could have been better.  the CANDID cook, remember?  i'm sorry if i'm definitely not the diplomatic, bobby mcferrin kind of reviewer.  okay, i lied.  i'm not sorry.these issues notwithstanding, i decided i liked the liberty enough to go back.the second time, i elected to take on the great burger challenge.  as soon as our server brought out the giant pub burger for my husband and the chicken burger for me, i knew this would be interesting.  they were both seasoned perfectly, and the chef knew exactly what medium rare meant when he/she cooked the beefy pub burger.  the house made pickles tickled me to death, and the fries were crispy and coated with parmesan cheese.  now, if they could only have given me ranch dressing to dip them in, i would have been clam happy (note to the chef!).  both my husband and i loved the burgers at the liberty, and, at 8 and 12 dollars respectively, it was a damn good meal for the money.the service on the night of the burger challenge was amazing.  you could tell that our server really enjoyed working for the liberty, and this told me that management was good to its employees and they were happy to return the favor.  this spoke volumes about the establishment.all in all, i really like this restaurant.  the ambience is cool without being snooty, and those burgers are pretty amazing.  the ideal meal for me would be the roasted beet root and goat cheese salad (which was, hands down, the best dish from the first dinner) and half of the pub burger and fries.  yes, that burger is THAT big.i think it's a great place for a date night and a wonderful hang out spot for a group of friends.as to the best burger challenge?  why don't you head on over to the liberty and decide for yourself!  ;-)
3	Went today for lunch with some girls from work.  You walk in and to the right is a bar area,  to the left is the actual restaurant with lots of seating.  The seating is kind of cool. They have wooden pallets stacked against the wall with back lighting shining through to give off a cool vibe.  The waitress we had, Rhonda was really nice and offered lots of suggestions on different menu items we should try. The service was great. The only issue I had was that the food was a little cold. I had a cheese burger and I specifically ordered the burger because they we're named best burger by the Charlotte Observer in Helen Schwab's contest. The crust on the burger was excellent! I ordered it medium-well and it was perfectly cooked. The only problem is I could tell it had been sitting a little while before it came out to us. I thought it was maybe because they were busy... which is part of the reason. I think it was because they just got this great review today and all of a sudden everyone in Charlotte wanted to show up and eat there for lunch. We arrived at 11:40 got our order put in early before the lunch rush and then waited at least 30min for our food to come out.  I think all the wait staff was busy seating people and placing orders that they didn't have time to get the food out. When we left there was a long waiting list of people trying to get in to have lunch.  Will go back but try not to go when it's a lunch or dinner rush.
3	I would have given 4 stars, but service dropped it to 3 stars. The menu is creative, executed well, and quality is top notch! Service, however, is lacking. We sat at the bar on a Saturday at lunch, and the bartender had 9 tables in the bar area besides us. While the bartender had a great attitude and was friendly, she just couldn't keep up with the needs of her customers. The manager should have recognized this and helped, but just chose to pour the occasional draft beer instead. The food arrived in a timely manner, but the burgers were cold as if they sat in the kitchen for 10 minutes after they were plated. The Liberty just won best burger in Charlotte and reading the menu is a good indication of why. I like the option of a beef, lamb, or turkey burger paired with creative local ingredients. The house cut parmesan truffle fries were worth the 2 1/2 hr drive alone! The beer selection was very impressive and the decor was pretty cool. I would like to give them another chance, but it seems that the management needs to polish their skills first.
1	My girlfriend loves french fries the way that the Soviets loved lines.  It's just part of who she is.  So, when she thinks that an order of french fries is gross and inedible - well, you know you've really accomplished something special.  It would be difficult to describe how terrible this place is.  I'll try, though.  I can only hope that you'll save your money since we didn't.So, first, let's put things in context - The Liberty just won the "best burger in Charlotte" competition in the Observer.  This tells me that the judges from the observer had been served too many adult beverages before eating any of the food at the Liberty.  Based on the atrocious food they served on our visit it is incomprehensible to me that they would be able to cook a hamburger competently.Here are the gory details:  we walked in only to be greeted by a HUGE does of attitude from the hostess.  We had a reservation, and I guess we should be "thankful" for that.  Once we were seated we were greeted by a very friendly and well intentioned server.  She asked us for our beverage order, and I asked her if one of their tap beers was especially "hoppy".  I don't love really hoppy pale ales, so I was trying to steer clear of a beer I wouldn't like.  She answered the question, and then steered me towards the beers that (I think) were the closest to Miller Lite.  Aargh.We then asked our server for advice about food.  This was clearly a mistake that we shouldn't have made after our experience ordering beers.  We gave her a short list of entrees and asked her for her favorites.  She recommended the short ribs.  The short ribs, at least, were edible.  However, the short ribs came on a bed of mash potatoes and they were over salted and the dish wasn't hot.  I could swear that the description on the menu suggested that the short ribs would be served with potatoes and carrots.  There were two slices of carrot on the plate.  Two.  The short ribs were an outrageous success compared to my girlfriend's entree, though.  She ordered the fish and chips.  The strange thing is that the dish looked really good.  The breading, from the outside, looked beautiful.  Unfortunately, the fish was inedible, the breading was so thick that (thankfully, I guess) it took some work to get down to the fish, and, incredibly, the breading and the fish was completely unseasoned.  It was literally one of the five worst entrees I have ever had in a reputable restaurant.  To add insult to injury the french fries were cooked into oblivion.  They were mushy, coated with too much Parmesan, and absolutely inedible.  As I suggested earlier, the fact that my girlfriend didn't eat the fries is a remarkable achievement...She always eats her fries.  Always.     We had ordered appetizers - a salad (the wedge) and the bangers and pimento cheese.  The salad was fine.  But, seriously, how do you screw up a wedge salad?  If you can't make an edible wedge salad, then you know it is time to shut the doors and find a new line of work.  As for the bangers and pimento cheese appetizer... Well, I have no idea what the they are trying to do with this dish.  We were served a sausage (the banger), a pile of pimento cheese, some greens, a few saltines, and a very small schmear of pepper jelly.  Was I supposed to put sausage, cheese, greens, and some jelly on a cracker?  I have no idea.  The dish made no sense whatsoever.  It wasn't bad so much as it was weird.  So, admittedly, I didn't try the award winning burger.  Maybe it is great.  I guess I'll never know.  When I want a burger I am heading a bit to the east and I am going to Big Daddy's.  Stay away from the Liberty.   It was a total waste of money ($66 plus tip).
4	I have been to The Liberty many times for lunch and have always been happy with my meal.  Everything from the salads to the burgers to the sides are top notch and unique!  The ambience is very cool -- one wall looks like a giant beer.  It makes me thirsty everytime.  The seats in the main dining room are comfy and I like the high-tops in the bar area.  The wait staff is always helpful and friendly.  There have been a few times that I have received slow service, but not enough to avoid going back.  Parking behind the building is easy -- It can get full fast, though.  They recently revamped their menu with new burgers and sandwiches.  I personally prefer the other menu which had a few non-burger/sandwiches options.  On my most recent visit, I asked the waitress what the most popular item on the new menu was.  She said that their burger was listed as the best burger in Charlotte.  So, I ordered that with macaroni and cheese, of course.  It was a delicious burger but I'm not sure I'd be so bold as to say it was the best burger in Charlotte.  I think it's comparable to a Big Daddy's or even Kick Stand.  I mean, they definitely serve their burgers on a big, fresh bun which is better but the actual burger wasn't spectacular.  I'd order it again, though.  I have also been happy with their dinners and desserts.  But, I've noticed that the dinner portions can (not always) be a little small.  So, if you have a BIG appetite, I recommend an appetizer (and then dessert!).  I've had the salted carmel dessert and it was delicious.  It's a cold dessert but every bite is heaven.  And, they had a cobbler at one point that was the best I've had, but I didn't see it on the menu last time.  It might be worth asking for!!
4	I've been to the Liberty a couple of times now.  This place has such a FABULOUS selection of beers, and I feel like I'm in beer heaven here.  They have a wonderful selection of both local beers and some great imports, many of which are on tap.  I've had great service both times too.  Their food is fairly good, but I find it a bit overpriced.  It's probably related to the area, since its prices are in line with many of the surrounding restaurants.  The first time here, I had fish and chips.  The portions were large, but the fish was just ok.  The second time I had a shrimp and grits special.  It was pretty good, being more tomato-based, which surprised me.  However, the price was a little steep for the portion size, and it wasn't because of the high number of shrimp (the whole dish had five medium-to-large sized shrimp.  Overall, I love this place and plan to keep going back.
4	We went to The Liberty on a friday night at 6 and did not have to wait.  Great atmosphere!  We ordered a couple of beers and their calamari.....to DIE for!  The server Jessica was VERY friendly and did a great job.  She has a culinary degree and told us that the calamari comes in fresh and is marinated in buttermilk.  It's not the typical "crispy", chewy type but comes in a sauce and melts in your mouth.  We had the Liberty burger and the salmon.  Both were excellent!  We will definitely go back.
4	Been twice. Both times sitting at the bar for lunch and a beer (or two). First trip I had their version of fish and chips. It was properly beer-battered and crispy with malt vinegar and a good tartar sauce available. Well executed at least by Charlotte standards. This trip had a blue cheese wedge salad and a "plain burger". Not sure how I was able to order a medium rare burger in this repressive (by burger temp) state but I was ecstatic about it. Came out as ordered, well charred on the outside and MR on the inside.  Salad was good and fresh with good BC dressing and crumbles on the side. All and all two trips and two good meals. Certainly four star worthy.
4	It doesn't matter what you order at The Liberty. Any menu item will have a thoughtful ingredient combination and presentation that embodies the use of the American version of the term "gastropub". The quiet arrogance of the wait staff and the dark, beer infused interior, however, slightly diminish the enjoyment of The Liberty's wares.If you can see the details in the dim lighting, beer as a concept is an integral part of the venue. Half pint glasses are cleverly fashioned into chandeliers, a booth to ceiling photo wall of a glass of beer separates tables in the dining area, and stacked kegs are used as decorative columns. Wood pallets used as wall and ceiling embellishments elicit visions of a beer distribution warehouse, and memories of McIntosh's have definitely been eradicated. Herbs grown in the urban garden in the parking lot flavor the enticing seasonal menu choices, and the recent win of the Best "New School" Burger of 2011 in Charlotte is a testament to the freshness and quality of their  wares. Lamb Burgers, Fresh Pretzels with Cheese Fondue and Spicy House Mustard, Duroc Pork Belly Sliders with vanilla-apple butter, Crispy Almond Crusted Goat Cheese Salad, "Angry Mussels" with a sauce that could stand on its own, and Garlicky Green Beans are standouts of the current options.On the dessert menu, the Salted Caramel Butterscotch Budino is the solid choice. Crushed Oreo crust, butterscotch pudding and salted caramel layers are married in a match more glorious than that of Wills and Kate. The description of the Budino from the server wasn't particularly riveting until he noted it was one of his favorites. Since he didn't offer many endorsements, it was determined that the Budino sampling was a requirement. Seven women who have shared many a dessert fawned over the surprisingly airy dish, and continued having drooly conversations about it weeks later. Believe the hype. The Budino is that excellent, and along with the rest of the food, makes up for the spotty service and hop-filled atmosphere.The Liberty is located at 1812 South Boulevard in Charlotte. Reservations are accepted.Special thanks to the Dinner Group Girls for assistance on this review.
2	I've been to the Liberty a total of three times:The first was during restaurant week- the highlight of my meal was a dessert that was a gooey chocolatey cake with a chocolate stout shooter...but its not on their regular menu and that makes me sad. The second I went for the Mac N Cheese - which was meh to say the least. I ended up exchanging it because I didn't care for it, dry, over-herbed which was strange because it almost was bland. Today I went with some coworkers and had the lunch special. For about $8.50 you get the chicken burger with bacon, lettuce, tomato, pickle herbed aioli- more mayo textured, pimento cheese served on a delicious bun. This is served with fries, "dessert", and soda/Iced Tea. Great deal!  The  burger itself was pretty good although I'm not sure I would be back based on that alone. The fries were really good (fresh cut and herby) but when I asked for a side of ranch (don't judge) it was watery blue cheese- ick, and since I'm not a ketchup girl I wished there was a thinner aioli or something just for those...then they would be perfection! The dessert was a mean joke- basically they were like a Little Debbie-esque snack pecan pie with wrapping left on. I was really disappointed and wish they just made a fresh cookie or just left it out all together. This would have earned 3 stars but our service was terrible. Aloof describes our waiter perfectly well. Drinks were left unfilled, he couldn't bother to crack a smile, and he put our checks in the middle of the table (hey we all got the same thing you could have just passed it around to us politely). We had one to-go order which was the special and a salad - this took longer than all of the other meals, even though that was ordered at the same time- she was leaving early so that was definitely a problem...he also failed to mention that he added 20% gratuity- which at $1.70 a piece wasn't a big deal but it's always a bit sketch when they don't say it outright. It seemed like he knew he was getting gratuity added so he didn't bother to be friendly....so -1 star based on service alone.
4	Last night , a quiet night at the Liberty Pub! But a great dinner non the  less. Started out with a order of the fantastic truffle oil/ parm fries for the  appetizer, We also ordered a bottle of Eola Pinot Noir. It is a beer gastropub but we were in a wine mood! ( Always) I then ordered the Lamb Burger , medium . My daughter ordered the Pork Chop with Broccoli Rabe and Duckfat Potatoes..Incredible. My Lamb Burger was juicy and done perfectly medium. Topped with Arugula and pickeled Red Onion! Of course not to be missed is the Orgasmic Salted Caramel Budino!! Your mouth will thank you over and over again..this was my second trip to the Liberty - it is not to be missed! Go there !
4	Of course, the burger is excellent. Fries come out in a wire basket with wax paper and special spices. They are crispy and make the meal altogether worth going out for. They've done an admirable job with the atmosphere. A little pricey for lunch but their lunch box special offers a cheaper alternative to eating off the menu.
3	Getting seated as soon as you walk in sure makes me feel special. Sitting around for 15 minutes before the waitress even acknowledges you though, quickly negates all positive impressions.While I really like the decor; Modern Americana you can say, I am not very fond of the service one bit. That lack of fondness doesn't just draw from one visit, but several and all have been far from spectacular. When we get to the food, plating is pretty nice. Prep though leaves me at a crossroad. No 1. Everything is over sauced. Calamari came drenched, not drizzled, but drenched in their curry dipping sauce, thus making the strips soggy and chewy. The Steak was soaked in a red wine reduction. While tasty it was, I prefer my steak landlocked not swimming for it's life. Secondly, the pork chop was medium rare when we asked for well. I know some folks eat their pork medium, but surely not this guy. Forgive my ignorance, but well and medium rare are a few degrees apart I thought? To give them a little credit it was a very fat and generous cut. Buuuuut with that size of cut, you'd think they have it right by now?Needless to say, I think I'll give it another few months before I come back.
4	I've just arrived back from having the BBQ pulled pork sandwich with mac-and-cheese.Nope, it's not refined gourmet fair but there wasn't a morsel left on my plate!I sadly frequent this establishment too sporadically these days but I continue to leave with a smile on my face. Perhaps my timing has been fortunate given some of the other reviews - particularly when it comes to service.For now count me as a loyal patron.
3	My husband says 5 stars and I say 2 stars, so we compromised at 3.  My husband really liked the food.  It was interesting and tasty.  I thought it was way too pretentious and the food was okay.  I don't like going to places where I feel like the hostesses (and there appeared to be three) look down on you.  If it wasn't for the overall "feel" of the place, I'd give it 4 stars.
5	The Liberty... hey-oh! Beastly BEERS & FOOD!!!So, Tricia O. did all the hard work for me. I agree with everything she's written... EXCEPT:There will be no needing to "make up for the spotty service and hop-filled atmosphere." Service:Yes, the servers can get swamped - BUT they always respectful & knowledgeable. They work hard.The BEER:  The "dining room" area of this pub has "Keg Columns" for crying-out-loud! And, larger than life lighted "windows" of beer... it's like looking at a huge beer aquarium. Heck yes! HOPS are so what it's all about here, along with a LOCAL-vore / farm to table focus. There's always a consistent & abundant SELECTION OF LOCAL & National DARK BEERS like stouts, porters & black ales.They do "Beer Diners" & cooking classes, tooThe Food:It's always made with skill & served at the appropriate temps.Absolutely the best fries... even better when they truffle-oil them! Great breads. House-made sausages are great.  Salmon & fish are always done perfectly.
4	Great beer on draft choices.  Had trout/pea risotto.  Husband had excellent burger.
5	Great food, I mean really really great food.  Took my parents here when they were in town (they're big foodies) and we loved everything.  My favorite place in Charlotte.
3	If I was rating on ambience alone this would easily be a five star. However, I have to take into account the food too.I had been hearing for months how good The Liberty was and that its burger and fries had won local awards so I went in with high expectations.The menu looked really good but I am a big fan of first ordering what a place is known for so I got that burger and fries. We also ordered a pretzel tower to get us started. The pretzels were delicious and well worth it for some pre-dinner chomping or if you want to just get a few beers and something cheaper to munch on. They also have a great beer selection with a few things I had never even heard of and their own beer brewed specifically for them.The burger was huge in that it was stacked high with toppings. I am not sure how they feasibly expect someone to fit that thing in their mouth but they do. And I did. It was actually very very good. I don't think it is the best burger I've ever had and perhaps not even the best in Charlotte but it was delicious. It was a little expensive for what it was though.The fries were another story. I like my fries crispy especially when seasoned unless they are thick cut. These were thin cut and soggy. Then they were crammed into a cup. I only had a few but I know I've had better in Charlotte and think they somehow must have stacked the voting deck on their award or our table just got a bad batch. They also give far too many (just below Five Guys proportions).I think they could come down on price by giving less fries and a slightly smaller burger which would allow me to budget more for a few of their tasty brews.As it is, I wouldn't say no to going back, especially to try a few more items and soak up the atmosphere and great beers. But, I think the food (based on my experience) was given too much hype.
3	What The Liberty lacks in service, it makes up for in food.  You must go to this restaurant with that in mind.I have dined at The Liberty I would say around 10 times for both lunch and dinner.  I am dying to try brunch---duck confit omelette, are you JOKING??The devils on horseback appetizer are phenomenal.  The crispy bacon wrapped around sugary sweet dates stuffed with salty blue cheese are a match made in heaven.  I also enjoy their take on mussels, Angry Mussels if you will.  The broth is guzzle-worthy, but if you need extra bread for dipping (which I have never NOT required) it will be an extra $1 for 3 pieces.  The lamb burger, which I snagged a couple bites of, is good enough to convert any non-lamb lover into a lamb loving lunatic.  On the downside, the service is slow, and not charmingly so.  Go for the food, but maybe eat a snack first!
3	For a place that touts itself as having the best burger in Charlotte, I was disappointed.  The first time I went I had the Liberty Burger with fries.  I asked for my burger medium and it came out well done and the fries were soggy.  The second time I went, I ordered the same thing.  This time the fries were well cooked, but again, the burger was well done (my dad also asked for medium and got well done).  The food was fine, but I expected more.  Also, it takes a while for your food to come out after you order, so be mindful of that if you go during work. My office is just a couple of minutes away and I was gone exactly one hour.
1	Had issues over parking. I went in to discuss them with the owner and found him to be most unfriendly. I will won't be eating here and would encourage others to stay away also.
4	We live nearby The Liberty and do our best to frequent often.  The food is great, with an ever changing menu.  However, it is always a running joke with us about how bad the service is.  It is SLOW.  We've been 8 times or more, and I can't tell you once where we've had good service.  However, we keep going back because the food is that good.Their "lunchbox" special is always a great value.  Their burgers are generally very good, and we love their appetizers.  We will sometimes go to get apps and drinks there before heading out for dinner that night because they are so good.The beer selection is good and changes as well.  All in all, it is a place worth trying, so long as you aren't in any particular hurry.
4	We went to The Liberty for the first time this past weekend.  I'd avoided it 'til now because I didn't really know enough about it.  "The Liberty" doesn't really tell me anything, and their logo looks like that of an insurance company's.  After the restaurant was recommended to me by several friends and looking at the photos online of the modern decor, we decided to give it a try. I was impressed with the interior.  From the bland exterior, you wouldn't know that it actually has a modern, hip atmosphere.  The bar area is very roomy, too.  It's an actual room.  You can actually stand around and talk to friends without being squooshed.  The beer selection is pretty extensive, so I got to try a new pumpkin ale and a (sweet) cider I had never before heard of.  After we sat down at our table, our friends ordered the pork rinds appetizer; we ordered the crispy calamari fries.  I tried the pork rinds and they did have some good flavor, but I just can't eat them, knowing what they are and where they come from.  The calamari fries were fantastic, though.  They were so flavorful, and cooked just right.  They were actual strips of calamari instead of rings.  I could have eaten a bucketful.  I had heard such wonderful things about the burgers at The Liberty that, naturally, I had to try one.  I didn't realize, though, that burgers (plural) meant burger (singular).  There's one beef burger option on the menu.  We were a bit surprised.  My partner and I split the famous "Pub Burger" and the lamb burger.  The lamb burger was delicious.  It had a lot of flavor, and the toppings really complemented it.  The Pub Burger on the other hand was...just ok.  I'm not exactly sure why it was named "Best Burger in Charlotte."  It had the burger patty, lettuce, tomato, cheese, and bacon.  Your basic burger.  Good, but not exciting.  I've had much better burgers and better topping combinations at Big Daddy's (now Bad Daddy's), Nix Burgers, and, yes, even Red Robin.  I wouldn't go out of my way to get a Pub Burger.  All in all, I liked the casual atmosphere, the reasonable food prices, the drink options, and the calamari, but I was disappointed in the lack of exciting burger options and the Charlotte Observer's dubious distinction of "best burger."
5	I am having an affair with the budino.  I'd go to The Liberty just for dessert!  If you have not tried it, I cannot recommend it enough.  I am not a huge dessert person but I could eat about 3 budinos in a row if given the opportunity.  They're near orgasmic.  We first went to the Liberty when they first opened & they hadn't quite gotten their ducks in order yet, the pretzels tasted like the frozen ones at the grocery store & the food was expensive for what you got.  We have since come for restaurant week & a date night and have been much more impressed. I wish they served the Restaurant week menu all year round, even the salads were out of this world.  I was glad to see the farro risotto & budino were regular menu staples.   Every course was downright amazing & ended with the amazingness of the budino.  I was sold on the Liberty after Restaurant week, so we went back a few weeks later for a late date night.  The food was a notch below Restaurant Week, but still delicious.  and of course I had another budino.  They have really stepped it up with the pretzels, I am not joking when I say I would go for a beer, some pretzels & a budino & not be at all sad that I wasn't eating dinner.  My only gripe is how expensive the beer is, but they do have a good list & ever rotating taps & get in great obscure & rare beers that they notify their twitter followers about.
4	Had to try it after it won best burger. Gotta say- I LOVED it. I am a burger purist - I don't like to cover up the flavor of the burger with condiments (if you want to taste pickles, ketchup and mustard mixed together - mix 'em up, put them on a bun and eat them - why bother with a burger you can't taste anyway?)So - I was a bit wary of the Liberty Burger - cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomato aioli??? Seemed like overkill - until I tasted it. OMG!! Perfectly cooked (yes even med to med rare as requested), juice running down my hands - and the extras? oh they just made the burger!  I could taste every beefy bite of the burger and the condiments just set it off.Have been back and will go again.  We're taking guests - one of whom ate a burger everyday for lunch on our Tahiti cruise because they were so awesome....but not as awesome as the Liberty!BYW, my husband and I always share one - just too decadent (and big) for one for lunch.
2	If you are thinking about a private dinner party, look elsewhere.  We had a rehearsal dinner here and were far from satisfied.  Be sure you understand what you're getting.  Staff is somewhat unable to communicate the same information.  We were never told to give them an exact number of diners, but were charged for the number our kids gave when asked for an estimate of how many there would be.  Tip, tax and entire meal plus appetizers for 4 that didn't show.  Poor business practice.  They had one server to take our order.  That took 20 minutes.  The highlight of the evening was a video of our kids and the server decides that's a good time to clear the table.  Poor judgement.  Too late for us, but not for you. Shop around.
2	This review only has to do with our experience for Thanksgiving. Man o Man did this place suck! It was $25 per person and was not worth any of it. We made dinner reservations for 6pm and they told us that it was the last open spot. When we walked in the door it looked empty, we looked at each other and in our heads we were trying to figure what the deal was. I ordered the VA Pork Belly and my wife ordered the Lobster, Crab cake. The presentation I give an A as for the food quality and taste I give it a F. I was looking forward to this appetizer since I saw it online a day earlier. As for the main course we both wanted to get the Prime Rib and our server came over to tell us that they were out of it for rest of the night. Strike 2! We ended up getting the Turkey and Pork wrapped in Bacon. Again, when it came looked great and yet again left us with an empty hopes and wishes. Never again will I go or recommend this place to anyone for Turkey day. I will go there again to try there other food and hopefully it will be a lot better.
4	We've established that I love burgers.  Therefore, it is to be expected that the Liberty, which routinely claims to have the best burger in Charlotte award (from whom, I don't quite know), has been on my to-try list for quite a while.  We were in the area for dinner last night, and so we popped in.The inside of the restaurant is a relatively cool space.  There's a spacious bar room, which would be a good place to have a few drinks without feeling packed in.  The dining room is comfortable as well, and is decorated with beer kegs, beer quotes, etc.However neat the decor was, we came for the food.  And we weren't disappointed.  I was excited to see poutine on the appetizer menu, since I've wanted to try this Canadian specialty from the moment I first became aware of its existence.  I wasn't disappointed.  The porcini gravy on the fries was especially delicious.The burger was pretty dang good, too.  Was in the best in Charlotte?  Well, maybe.  I reserve my full commitment because, while the meat was perfectly seasoned and cooked, and the toppings were thoughtfully selected, the bun was a little on the minimalistic side.  I actually had to finish it with a knife and fork.  Now, a burger with too much bread is a sad thing, but the Liberty has gone too far in the other direction.  Mind you, this is a minor quibble.  iIf you go here, get the burger.  It's dang tasty.  Just be prepared for messiness.I see some people have complained about the service, but our waitress was fine.  She wasn't super bubbly, but she was polite and kept our drinks filled.  What else can you ask for?
2	I wanted to go here because I have heard so much about this place. I actually don't see what the big hype is. If they are voted for the best burger in town, then they need to be a burger restaurant, not just have one burger on your menu. The menu seemed like they dont know what type of food they want to sell. I ordered a salad (full of mostly lettuce) and some mac and cheese dinner. It was ok. I wont go back. They do have a huge beer selection and brew some beer there. That building use to be Macintosh Restaurant, it should have never went out of business. The Liberty is over priced, next time if im trying to spend that much money, Im going to 131 Main.
2	We have wanted to try this place for awhile and have heard they had good burgers, so we gave them a try at lunch this past week. We got there around 1pm and it was crowded said give them 5 min and they would get us sitted. We waited for around 15 min looking at plenty of empty sits, once we got sitted they came right over but took about 10min to gte us a drink. The cheese that comes with the pretzels is really good and good selection of beers. We both ordered the burgers...one with fries and one with mac & cheese. Burgers finally come out and was more like well then the med. we had ordered them out , figured they had set waiting to be picked up. Burgers taste was alright but nothing over the top and dont see where they one of the best burgers in Charlotte. Lunch took 1hr 45min, so dont expect to get in and out quick here.
3	I have been wanting to try the Liberty forever but since it is outside of our normal "bubble"... we have not made it until this weekend.  We stopped in to have a beverage and grab a bite to eat.  The place definitely has a much more casual vibe than it did when it was MacIntosh's. The bar area is pretty large and has a good mix of hightop bar tables and booths. We decided to grab a hightop and checked out the beer menu.  They do have a nice selection of beers and a decent selection of wines as well.  However, they seemed to be out of several of the items - both beer and wine that folks in our group were interested in ordering. That's always a disappointment.  But in any case, there were enough other choices that everyone was able to find something good to drink. So, I had heard they have good food, but I wasn't really prepared for their menu or  their interpretation of some old favorites.  Things here are prepared with a little different twist than what you normally expect.For example, we started with the calamari fries (around $10 or $12,  I believe). This version of calamari is served on a bed of some sort of asian-inspired slaw, and were drenched in some sort of red sauce - with a white sauce also drizzled about.  I couldn't quite put my finger on what the sauces were.   I would have to say this was not my most favorite calamari, but it was ok. I decided to try the chicken & dumplings ($16) and this is the most unqiue take on C&D that I have ever seen.  It is not what I grew up with, but was tasty.  The chicken was pan roasted to perfection. Crispy on the outside, falling off the bone tender on the inside. The "gravy" was nothing like traditional southern chicken & dumpling gravy - this one seemed to have very little flour and was more like a light brown glaze.  It had a nice flavor though. To round out the dish, it was served with a few gnocchi, carrots, peas, mushrooms and a couple of spinach leaves.  I would eat it again for sure...but if you want a more "traditional" take on chicken & dumplings, you might want to skip this offering. My sister ordered a salmon dish ($ unknown) which was served with a side of farro risotto and veggies.  I tasted the salmon & the farro and both were delish.   David and Michael both ordered burgers ($13) which are served with a side of hand-cut fries. They said  the burgers were pretty good, but not the "best burger in town" in their opinion.  I probably would not make a special trip to come here... but if I happen to be in the area & looking for a bite to eat, I'd certainly stop in to give them another try.
5	I'm giving a 5***** review for one reason:  Poutine.  If you're French Canadian, Liberty is the spot for one of the best comfort foods ever.  Cheese curds, braised beef cheek and porcini gravy.
2	I went here with some friends for dinner a few weeks ago.  I thought this place might have a creative, interesting menu, but nothing caught my eye.  I ordered the burger because I wasn't feeling anything else and the menu said it was voted best in Charlotte.  Wow. Give me a break.  I ordered it medium, but it came out well done.  I was kind of tipsy and didn't notice until I had eaten half of it already.  So I just said **** it, and finished it.  It was hard to eat because it was stacked so tall, kind of annoying.  I don't understand how their burger won any award because it just wasn't that good.  It cost $13 too.  I can get a better burger at Pinky's, Diamond, or Penguin for half the price.  I won't be returning.
2	I want to love the Liberty, I really do. I want to be able to appreciate the beer selection (which is pretty amazing at times), I want to enjoy the food, but ugh, I just can't. Between lunch hours, dinner parties, and just a few nights at the bar... it's a mess. (and if it wasn't less than a mile from my house, I probably wouldn't have gone back after the second run)On the off chance I have decent table service, I get uninteresting food (or they're "out" of my first two choices and I have to opt for a random choice) - if I want an awesome beer they've posted they have on tap, I get an uninterested bartender. Why, oh why? The specials always sound amazing but something always falls short. Now, the bar has become so depressing (even on the weekend) that the bartenders have given up and would rather finish texting a few friends than greet you as you're sitting down and settling in. I get it, I've done it, maybe you've given up because you think people just stop in for a bite or a good drink before they join the masses at another bar that doesn't have half the beer selection, or anything close to the food potential - but if you make my experience worth sticking around for, I probably will. Unfortunately it seems likes no one cares. I can't get my bartender to check in on me until my pint glass has sat empty, or my server to come by the table during a dead lunch hour. Seriously, even if your food is phenomenal and you've got the "best burger" in town - why even bother?
3	Good burger but not great. Service was spotty, at best.  She came across as uninterested and somewhat annoyed we were there. We got the pretzel tower (which was awesome), but didn't get app plates until we were already finished with the app. Two beers were "out" with no apology. Probably won't be back anytime soon, though it was a decent meal. They are so close, just needs server training and better management.
4	Confidence (n): full trust; belief in the powers, trustworthiness, or reliability of a person or thing.Best burger in Charlotte - that's a pretty confident statement right there. Being a burger aficionado, and seeing a self-proclaimed "best of statement", just meant I had to check it out.  My first encounter was during Queen's Feast 2011, so it was a prix fixe menu (and was incredible, I might add.  Quail and waffles? Heck yes!). But my second visit was for the holy grail: the burger.First impressions are key, and the layout and mood established by the Liberty was iffy for me at first, but it grew on me.  After I adjusted to the back-lit walls of beer images (and the golden amber glow they exuded), I was okay.  I do enjoy the beer theme they have going (and the visibly well-used tap room with many great choices on draft).  I've never had a bad server at The Liberty, which is another plus.On this bovine feeding frenzy, we started with poutine for an appetizer.  I'd never had this Canadian staple before, so I have no idea how The Liberty's stacks up, but it was pretty amazing.  Fries and gravy - what could be better.Adam got the beef burger and I got the lamb burger (so we could swap bites, naturally).  They arrived with just the right amount of pink in the center and both were rich in flavor and melted in your mouth.  I have a really hard time trying to decide which burger was better...might have to return for a tie breaker. The fries that accompany do the burger justice.  My only complaint with my lamb burger would be the bun.  I know that the meat should be the showcase of the burger, but if the bun is too frail (and gets soggy and disintegrates),  it makes for very messy eating. Beef up the bun a bit and we'll be in business; I don't mind doing it, but eating a burger with a fork just feels wrong.Final analysis: go to The Liberty and order a burger.  Don't ask questions, just do it. You're welcome.
4	I suppose that it's high time I update my review of The Liberty.  If Yelp would just give us that half-star option, I could display the 4.5 star review that I am now giving.  Since my last review I've noticed that the current bar and wait staff is considerably friendlier than it was at the time of my last review.  I have had some visits where the service is slightly lacking (specifically in the main dining room), but things are definitely looking up.  By far, this is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte.  Is it the BEST food in Charlotte?  I would not go so far as to suggest that it's far and away the best, but the menu is creative, seasonal and well priced.  I have been hard pressed to find food in Charlotte that is this creative and well prepared at this price point.  As always, the beer selection here is fantastic and constantly rotating.  Matt certainly knows beer and does a great job getting rare, limited release brews on tap.  I've had many a hazy afternoon and evening enjoying the fruits of all his hard work.
4	I recently went there on a business lunch and my colleague and I ordered the fish and chips.  The place got  busy during the time we were there. The fish came with several dipping sauces and was very good.  The french fries were delicious and the cole slaw was also good.  I had dinner at Liberty about a year ago and it was very good then too. The food at Liberty has a distinctive style. It is not the "run of the mill" variety and I will definitely return there.  The service was good but not great. I had to flag the waitress down to get a couple re-fills.  It is a nice  place to enjoy a good meal.
4	We decided to just drop by one evening here and we were so glad we did. The food was very, very good and their selection of brews were one of the best in town. We really enjoyed ourselves here and will be back.
4	Last night was our first time at The Liberty and definitely left us wanting to come back! The beer menu is very inviting and I sat there wondering if there was a way to work my way down the list to try every beer...this might be a fun new goal of mine. My date ordered the Braised Short Rib and it was awesome...I definitely found myself wishing I had made the same selection. I ordered the blue cheese ribeye, which was just ok...the meat was pretty chewy and tough, but the flavor was ok. Not bad, just not what I was hoping for. On another good note our server at dinner was extremely sweet and really did a wonderful job, which is important to us because we have definitely not returned to restaurants in the past no matter how good the food is if the service sucks. After dinner we moved to the bar area where we were excited to find live music...apparently they do it every Thursday night, which we had no idea about! The guitarist was REALLY good and definitely made us want to come back just to listen to him! All around our first visit went well and we are definitely looking forward to returning and enjoying more live music on Thursday nights in the future!
2	I've been here a few times and always thought it was "OK"... The burger is delicious I will say.  But I have never been impressed with the staff.  This past weekend my husband and I went with another couple and it was awful.The hostess was rude, short, not friendly at all.  The restaurant was freezing and when we mentioned that we were told 'oh don't say that it was hot earlier and i feel just fine.'  We had to sit through dinner with our heavy coats on.  Our waitress was constantly rushing us, not helpful or friendly one bit.  At the end my friend (who is pregnant) had to go to the bathroom. She want and they were out of toilet paper so she told the hostess. The hostess sighed and said "well i'll have to go downstairs to find some so you'll have to wait"  Then when she returned she didn't even put the toilet paper on the roll, she just sat it down.My meal was just ok, I ended up feeling sick afterwards actually I think from the grease.  I am in no hurry to go back. But my husband does love the burger there.
1	Service was absolutely horrible.  A group of women came into the bar on a Saturday night to grab a drink and we were all charged gratuity at the bar!  I've never heard of this before, I think most bars should expect to have separate tabs as you order your drink separately and the time it took to get a drink was beyond lousy.
2	I've been to The Liberty for lunch a few times and it's always be great.Tonight for dinner however, the gnats were on the schedule apparently. There were a ridiculous amount of gnats around our table and our waitress had no condolences or explanation. Also, not sure our waitress was really too interested in waiting on us as she'd actually not had anything we asked about...how do wait tables at a place you've not tried the food. You don't eat fish? Then you shouldn't work somewhere they serve it. The food was better than expected, just don't expect your service to be of much.
2	I was craving The Liberty's lamb burger so my boyfriend and I booked an Open Table reservation and showed up 30 minutes later.  We were quickly shown to our table and given menus.  That's about where the experience started going off course.  As our forefathers said, "give me Liberty, or give me any other better restaurant in Charlotte!"While the beer and wine selection is tremendous, the food options are actually rather sparse; there's only about 10 appetizers, 8 entrees, and 4 sandwiches to choose from.  We ordered a blue cheese wedge salad, grilled cheese sandwich of the day, and the lamb burger (subbing grilled asparagus for fries).  The salad came first, with a large slice of iceburg lettuce, sprinkle of blue cheese, one slice of bacon, and a drizzle of buttermilk across the top; okay, but nothing to get too excited about.  The grilled cheese sandwich tonight was two kinds of cheddar, blue cheese, and some sort of salami meat alongside a cup of creamy tomato bisque.  My always-hungry-for-more boyfriend only ate half of the sandwich and I didn't want more than the first, sour bite I tasted.  My lamb burger was good, but not exactly how I'd remembered it - I think they've swapped the cheese (from goat to cheddar?) int he last 6 months.  My swapped side was the largest asparagus spears I've ever seen, and they tasted like the char from the grill - you can decide if that's a good thing or not.The surly waitress brought our check, and even with a BOGO entree coupon, our bill still came to $35 (including tax & tip).  We basically spent $35 for one appetizer salad and one entree... that seems a bit excessive, considering The Liberty bills itself as a neighborhood gastropub.  With grumpy service, sub-par food, and obscene pricing, I don't expect we'll be going back.
2	We are always excited at the prospect of eating at Liberty, but the last few times have been disappointing. This time was no exception and it will be our last visit. From the apathetic servers to the bar that doesn't know how to make basic  mixed drinks and the inconsistent results on food, it's just not up to par. Our calamari fries were good tonight but our "adult" grilled cheese had unmelted slices of cheese and missing cheeses and ingredients promised by our server. It's a shame that a great looking place with some talent in the kitchen can't pull it all together better than this.
4	I have read some of the negative reviews and I don't quite get it. I have been here a few times (my wife's mosaic art gallery is just a couple blocks away) and my experiences have all been excellent. The food has always been excellent - from burgers to fish. My college son said the bacon cheeseburger was the best he has ever had. And there is a great choice of beers. I have also found the wait staff to be very friendly and helpful (great dessert recommendation last night). Only issues - seating outside has a lot of street noise and it can be a bit pricy out the door.
4	My visit to Liberty was brought on by the Charlotte Craft Beer festivities. Liberty was hosting a Founder's tasting event in their basement bar. My dad and I ordered a flight and took our platter of beer to the bar upstairs to order dinner. He ordered the basic burger that a HUGE with rosemary, parmesan fries. I got the goat cheese, arugula salad which was so fresh.  I also had the bbq hand-ground sausage with pimiento cheese. It was really good but I was a little bewildered as to why my sausage was sauced. In my experience, a good sausage can stand on it's own in most instances. Overall, a great dining experience and an interesting food selection. I will only mention that I was confused by the set up of the menu, but I will go ahead and attribute that to my simplistic expectations for a menu.
5	Came in from NYC and was thrilled with the food here. The Montana steak and the duck fat potatoes were excellent. Highly recommended.
1	Myself and 4 girlfriends went here for dinner on cinco de mayo. The evening started off on a bad note immediately. There were only 4 chairs at the table and the waitress did not offer to get us another one, we fetched our own. It then took her a good 15 minutes to come and take our drink orders. When she finally got our drinks and took our appetizer order, a good 25 minutes later, I ordered the hummus plate and one of my girlfriends ordered the boiled peanuts. The peanuts eventually found their way to our table but after 30 minutes, still no hummus. When our fleeting waitress finally walked by our table, I flagged her down, inquiring about my hummus. She proceeded to stand there and tell my that I ordered my hummus as my meal. I quickly reminded her that I did not. I put it in with the app order and she even commented "you can never have too much hummus" in her deadpan voice. I also reminded her that the arugula salad was my entree. She finally agreed and went to check on my hummus. When it finally did arrive, it was accompanied by my meal...fine, whatever, at least I got it. Now, the description of my dinner salad was this, arugula, shaved pears, goat cheese, beets, pistachios and I added grilled chicken. Sitting in front of me was a bed of arugula with chicken and sliced apples. Nothing more. I flagged our waitress over and told her of the problem. Her response "whats supposed to be in it?" when I informed her of what was on her menu, she said "well I know we ran out of pears and they just throw whatever they have in there." NO. JOKE. What if I had been allergic to apples?!?! She took my plate back and returned with the semi-corrected dish, sans pistachios. By this time we were over this establishment and wanted out. Two of my girlfriends ordered margaritas that were straight up sour mix and they brought this to her attention as well. We inquired about speaking with a manager due to the lack of knowledge in the kitchen to the lack of apology from our waitress. She never apologized once. We were told that there were no managers on duty...what?!! We were given the managers business card instead. I have never in my life had a worse restaurant experience and would have given this place zero stars had that been an option. Next time, I'll opt for the three hour wait at Cantina 1511 before I'd ever return here.
3	I just gave this the 3 stars its averaged out to, with the caveat I haven't been there in about 6 months. I've been there about 3-4 times before that as I had a friend who worked there and went there to hang with her. In scanning the reviews on this place, the bad one always have a common element of bad service/surly servers/unknowledgibe servers, and I gotta admit that is my experience exactly...always been a fan of the food, but at best you get decent service; not great, not above & beyond...adequate is the best you can hope for...on the flip side you get the annoyed server, the server who has to go ask someone about every menu ? you have, the server who comes by your table about once an hour, etc......hey LIBERTY owners/managers, do you read these?...they come from a wide swath of people over a large period of time...there ARE good wait people out there, do u make an attempt to find any?...or weed out the bad ones once hired...I'd come back for the food but nothing else right now compels me to visit....
4	My wife and I live in the South End neighborhood and are going to visit The Liberty often!  They have a fantastic bar and some great food.  We initially went to sample "Charlotte's Best Burger".  I vow to update this review but based on this visit, it's a 3 star.  The burger was a great burger but was honestly far from the best.  I still would stand by the Charlotte classics at Diamond, Meullers... even newer spots like Jack Beagle's in NoDa.  A big beefy messy burger doesn't always equate to a great burger.  We will definitely return though and will update with new finds.Update:  I have been back twice now and I have to switch to a 4 star.  The quality is just so good that I can't help it!  I had the Pub burger again and it was great, but still not the greatest in my opinion.  I have since had their Poutine Fries, more Pretzels, and tried the Caramel Salted Boudine and all was fantastic.  The fries were incredible because the gravy was not heavy, yet extremely flavorful... and the cheese was great quality and was nice and gooey through the whole dish.  The fries didn't get soggy in the dish either.  Highly recommend it!   On the menu it sounds quite unhealthy but it's just fancy cheese fries and it's a must try!  Will agree with the crowd that the service is a little bit lacking.
3	This place had a sign out front advertizing the best burger in Charlotte.  I would not go there, but it was very good.  Only problem was that the brioche was falling apart so it was hard to eat.  I also ordered the peas and carrots, which were excellent.  Overall very good, and they had live music the night I was there.Literally at the end of their parking lot is the East/West train station, so it's very convenient to commuters from north and south.
3	Based on my earlier review you'd be right to question my sanity in going back to The Liberty.  I don't really know what prompted the second visit, but I've now been back to try the famous burger...And, to my surprise, it was really good.  So, my second visit to The Liberty was on a Sunday night.  I met my mom there, and the place was nearly empty.  This led to our getting good service from a young woman who was not only attentive but pleasant.  Having remembered that the wedge salad was the one redeeming part of the first meal I had at The Liberty, I ordered a wedge salad for us to split.  It was good - though we weren't offered small plates on which to split the salad.  Not a big deal, but it would have made the process of sharing the salad much easier.  We both ordered the pub burgers for our entrees.  Our burgers were cooked to the requested temperatures, and the fries were fresh and really tasty.  This was a total departure from my last visit when the fries were inedible.  The brioche bun does have a bit of difficulty holding up to the size of the burger and the quantity of the toppings (veggies) that come on it.  Nonetheless, the bun is tasty and it breaking apart at the end wasn't really a problem for me.  (I expect burgers to be a bit messy.)  While I enjoyed the meal, I'd certainly argue that the food is overpriced.  The burgers are $13, and pints of beer are $5 and up.  We had two burgers, the salad, two glasses of house wine and two pints of beer and the bill was $64 plus tip.  That's just too much for what we got, but, then again, that's Charlotte if you are close to Uptown.  I enjoyed the burger enough to go back, but I think Big Daddy's (er... "Bad Daddy's") is not only a better deal with food of comparable quality but also a place with more "burger" options.
3	To be honest, I always thought the Liberty was okay.  The service is okay; and I find the dining areas a bit uncomfortable  and awkward.   I know they're known as the place of great beef burgers. However, I recently disccovered a delicious pimento cheese ground chicken burger that they have.  It was delicious and juicy and more imaginative than the typical chicken filet sandwich, so with that dish alone that place scored some points with me.
4	The Liberty is a great place for a gourmet burger. We walked up from our house a few weeks ago after hearing about this burger's fame. The funny thing is that The Liberty did not set out to have the greatest burger but after being recognized for their burgers by The Charlotte Observer, the self-described gastropub has embraced the public's love of their burger. We tried both the traditional pub burger and the Kobe beef burger on our visit. Both were fantastic. So were the fried pickles - definitely the best fried pickles I have had. I also adored the salted caramel budino - like pudding but even better. I look forward to returning to The Liberty soon, both for more burgers and to try some of the other enticing offerings. I've heard great things about the house made soft pretzels and there is a new summer menu.
4	My wife is a landscape designer, and we met friends of ours here at the Liberty to review the landscape design that she had created for them.We got there early, and settled in the bar.  The Monday special was all NC Micro brews half off. As I am a huge fan of NC Micro Brews, I took advantage of the special.Overall, it was a Monday night, and the bar was not that busy, but the bartender was very good about coming by, making sure that we were good, and not just refilling my wife's diet Pepsi, but getting her a new one.When our friends arrived, we had the landscape designs all spread out on the table.  We were in deep discussion, and the bartender respected that, allowing us the time to look and only coming by once to see if we needed anything.  After my wife finished the presentation (and our friends loved it) we decided to get dinner.   As we were rolling up the plans, we saw that the outside patio had a couple of tables, and the weather was perfect.The bartender was not phased at all as we moved from our table to the patio, and told us that she would get our food to us. And the food came out quickly and was delicious.   I am a sucker for fish and chips, and had ordered that.  Very good, not greasy, and served with a very unusually tasting Cole slaw (but it was excellent!)My one friend got the chicken and dumplings, and it was served most interesting.  The dumplings were more like gnocchi than traditional dumplings, but he enjoyed it.My other friend had the salmon served on a bed of a bean salad.  It looked very good, and she enjoyed it.To sum up, great service, great food, and a really good selection of beer.   I will be back
5	Their sign boasting "Charlotte's Best Burgers" got me to come back to this place and see for myself!  Skeptical about this claim, even though they probably did win some kind of contest, I rarely trust contest results! Menu : It is kinda cool when a place offers more than one item that peaks my interest and if they are Bold to say they have the "Best" it is a bonus when you can order one fairly plain!  The Burger with Bacon sounded good yet for my first Burger here I want it the way I would get a Burger at a friends (you know what I mean) backyard cookout!  Simple : : Burger, Bun... Tomato (if available if not no problem) and If I am confident and if they have any, a little Red Onion is nice, maybe some ketchup, though I'm very happy with a GREAT Tasting Burger by itself with No bun or any toppings!Five yelp stars for the Burger!Perfectly Cooked!Simple Seasoning (nothing fancy) GREAT Tasting Ground Beef Burger!Very good Bun!Perfect Thin Sliced Red Onion!Is this the Best Burger in Charlotte?  So far I will say it is a Very good contender and I will be eating more Burgers, including more Burgers here!Five yelp stars for the Fries!!!  Glad to have another entry to my Lonely Fries list on yelp!  These Fries are [wait a minute]  Hold on, I forgot to ask you... YOU reading my review, I do not want to embarrass you so instead of asking I'll approach this with the assumption that YOU already know how to order Fries! !! !!!  Yes that is a BIG assumption, though I would rather me be the one who is embarrassed NOT you!  My waitress assured me they could cook they how I requested them... Still that does not insure the flavor will be good, it could help though!  These Fries were great even though they had NO Salt, No Seasoning (I ordered them without the Parmesan cheese they are usually prepared with) they were barely warm and still had EXCELLENT Flavor!!!  Here is the EXTRA, the Plus on these fries are I only ate a few in the Restaurant, I ate the rest at home, at room temperature and they still beat most hot fries!You could ASK if they would cook your serving of Fries "to Order", then tell them what you would like (unless they say no or just stare at you like you have only been reading Rod0 on yelp).  What do you want???  I order mine "light" meaning not real crisp and not brown.These Fries reminded me of the Fries at Mezza (Lebanese Restaurant in Columbia, SC).  If you think it is cheating to Fry Potato Strips in Goat Fat (I really do not know what they use to cook these). It is easy to make my so called Pretzel list entitled "&Twisted&" (I think).  Only the Best Fries make my Lonely Fries list yet for a Pretzel it is an automatic addition!  These are made fresh, mine tasted like it just came out of a real oven (not microwave).  A little Salt!  Nice and soft yet not doughy. I ordered the tower of them (5) and took photos!  These Pretzels were good or a little better than good, maybe 3.5 yelp stars.Service gets five yelp stars, because they were good, treated me like a KING and were honest about the fact that the Chips are NOT Made-to-order (made earlier and reheated) which only means I do not want them on this visit!  Next time I may check them out because they still might be good!Today I sat outside.  This is a comfortable and nice looking Patio, end facing South Blvd.  The Decor of the inside is better looking than many places especially if you do not study it too closely!I was surprised to get the extra attention (usually I get none, taking photos of food at my table)!  Two extra staff members stopped by to ask "does everything LOOK Good"... I almost laughed, yet was glad for the attention to detail.Does anyone want dessert?  Great thing about "The Liberty" is they are still changing the desserts...  My suggestion is keep working on it!  We want Dessert if it is something that is Great and somewhat unique, even if we have eaten enough for two days in one meal!
5	My work recently relocated to southend and I'm the kind of guy that likes to find a bar and earn "regular" status.If I wasn't three months away from having my second kiddo, I would be a regular here. I really like the bar staff. They aren't obnoxiously cheerful nor glum. They are professional, witty, and can make great meal/drink recommendations.
3	I have been to Liberty a few times now. And I'm still not sure if I should give it a 3 or 4. The food wasn't memorable to me. But the biggest problem I have is that I can't keep up with the menu. Chef changes it all the time. I went 2 days ago and got a small plate of meatballs. When I looked up the menu online, the meatballs wasn't listed on there so I don't know the proper name to my dish. I guess I'm the type that if I really like something from a place. I will continue to go back and get the same thing. I had the pork skin and the boiled peanuts that I loved but is no longer on the dinner menu. I also order the small plate of the mussels. By all means its NOT small. It was really good. But just couldn't finish it. Their customer service was good on someday and excellent on other days. My recent visit, she was good. Our table didn't have any salt or pepper so I was stuck w.a slightly bland meatballs. Overall I will come back. Hopefully they will bring back the boiled peanuts. And I will find something I like. They do have a lot things on the menu I would like to try.
4	the lobster cheese fries were so delish! the drinks were good, the prices were just fine, and the burger was too juicy to pick up. knife and fork it, baby!
3	If possible I would give The Liberty a 3 1/2, but it's definitely closer to a 3 than a 4. This was my first trip to The Liberty.  I went early evening (just before 5) with 2 girlfriends for after work TGIF drinks, apps, meals, desserts.  It was easy to spot right off of South Blvd.  Parking was plentiful, as we were quite early.  It's a well-paved, well-lit lot.  As we left around 7:30 or so, the lot was quite full, but this is right next to Pewter Rose and a gay bar (?) that I seem to remember reading about on the local paper online edition, and they share the large-ish lot. We sat at a booth in the bar area.  It's a large bar with high chairs and 2 big flat screen TVs.  It has several high-top tables to accommodate large groups or smaller 4-top tables, and had 4 booths against the windows so you can view the traffic/walkers on South Blvd and the people coming in and out of Fuel Pizza.  If you like men in uniform, the fire station is directly across the street, so that is nice, but the sirens may also cause some beer spillage.  Once it is time for ambiance, they dim the lights, so make sure you have an app installed on your smart-phone that serves as a flashlight.  You will also need this if you have to go to the restroom directly behind the hostess stand, it's a dark hallway and hard to see exactly where you are going.  It's also a one-person restroom, so if you like to have meetings in the ladies room, you will be disappointed.  Comfy seating in the booths.The drinks... wide selection of beer and wine.  My dinner dates had some kind of seasonal pumpkin ale.  They said it was good.  I had a Diet Pepsi.  (y u no serve Coke?).The food.... we ordered fried pickles and pretzels with spicy mustard and/or cheese fondue for dipping as appetizers.  The fried pickles were very crispy and served with a ranch sauce and a tobasco/hot wing sauce, they tasted very good - I liked the crispness of the pickles and the pickles themselves tasted good.  I tried the wing sauce, wasn't a fan and stuck with the ranch.  The pretzels were VERY good.  Served warm with a sprinkling of salt with a cheese fondue that was creamy and delicious.  I am not a fan of spicy mustard, but I did try it.  It was mildly spicy.  And it was mustard.  (go for the cheese!)For entrees, two of us got the pub burger which was a nice-sized burger that was flavored well and juicy, served with bacon, cheddar, grilled balsamic onions, lettuce, maters and aioli with a pickle stabbed on top of it on a brioche bun.  This will be a knife and fork burger after the first bite - it goes everywhere - I felt like I was covered in beef juice and mayo (that's what she said).  Typically served with french fries with rosemary, parmesan and chives, I asked them to skip all of that crap and just put salt on my fries.  The fries were hand cut and tasted very good - crispy without being hard with a nice fresh flavor (think Five Guys with a flair).  Our other dining companion had the BBQ sammich, again served with fries, and she said it was quite good as well.  It looked good and was a large sandwich.Dessert.... we split a chocolate walnut torte served with chocolate sauce and vanilla bean ice cream.  Very good!  It tasted like a light chocolate cake with walnuts in it, served warm.  Service was... well... mediocre at best.  The waitress was friendly without being annoying when we saw her.  When we first arrived, we were one of maybe 3 tables there and it seemed that they were staffed well enough to handle 3 tables.  Empty glasses stayed empty for a while, and from appetizers to ordering dinner was an eternity.  While the service wasn't bad, it was inattentive for the number of people that were seated.  They would have sold quite a bit more beer to our table had she been a little more attentive.  However she was pleasant and did seem to know the menu relatively well even though from other reviews and what she said, the menu changes quite often.  The food was good, but because the service was slightly lacking, The Liberty would not be my first choice for a meal, but if someone wanted to go, I would not say no.  Try it out!
4	This is an update to the reviews that I have posted....I'm disappointed by some of the feedback posted about The Liberty. Either my standards are low or I have consistently been lucky. Most recently, I went for Sunday brunch and had an excellent "full English" breakfast. My friend had the crab-cake eggs Benedict and was equally impressed.I have moved homes and sadly can't get to The Liberty more often.
4	The Liberty is another place that, although it doesn't have my favorite food in the world, I enjoy frequenting because there are things on the menu my fiance and I can agree on. They have a great beer selection and the best mac and cheese in town. Chef Matt does a really good job providing local fare that won't leave your wallet empty.My fiance likes The Liberty so much that we're actually going to have our rehearsal dinner there in the summer of 2013, they have a wonderful private room in the basement and are very reasonably priced compared to other venues in the greater uptown area. I'll write another review about our rehearsal dinner experience, but to-date The Liberty staff have been great to work with and seem very cooperative when working with a tight budget!
3	After hearing so many praises of delicious and memorable visits, gargantuan burgers, and overall amazement from The Liberty, we finally made it in for a late lunch last week. I had no idea what I was going to order, and after looking at the lunch menu, it seemed that a burger was choice. The service was very friendly and appeased my neurotic disdain for the wobbly table on the patio, so we settled for a booth inside. Throughout our meal, our server was very attentive and friendly. We started with some of the house-cured pickles and potato chips. Chips - ridiculously good. I've come to appreciate thick cut chips that are made in-house more than fries in the past few months. The pickles were great. Reminded me a lot of a NY halfsour from Stage Deli. Definitely would get those again. My wife ordered a veggie sandwich and I ended up ordering the "Crunch Burger" which has won a few awards...from Southern Living I think?  The veggie sandwich was pretty standard and fulfilling. Plenty of veg, flavor and sustainability for a vegetarian. The burger....was just a little blah. I appreciate the approach. Especially with the potato chips on the burger, brioche bun, house-ground meat that was cooked to a nice med rare....it just didn't do anything for me. The tomato slice was close to a quarter of an inch thick, a very odd leaf of lettuce jetting out of the side, a small country's worth of pimento cheese, and so much bun....with so little burger. I think it would have been perfect if all of the other toppings had been just a bit smaller in portion. I guess I'm a bit of a purist when it comes to burgers. I appreciate the complex, but love when I can pick up my burger and get a little of everything in one bite. This burger just didn't deliver on that front. I can definitely say I'll be back to the Liberty soon. I may venture for something other than a burger, but I look forward to trying more of the menu. Cheers!
4	Not sure why this place doesn't have more positive reviews - I love The Liberty! I live nearby and so it's an easy go-to with a variety of choices ranging in price. I love the field green salad with beets and apples, the salmon with farro, the short rib, and, of course, the burgers. The Liberty claims to have the "Best Burger in Charlotte" (even though when the burger has changed since claiming this title), and they do make a pretty dank burger. I love the Lamb Burger. Yes, the burgers and big and messy, but I mean, come on - they're delish. The waitstaff has always been friendly and helpful. I often split the salad and a burger with a fellow diner, and they bring the burger out already cut in half and the salad split onto two plates for no extra charge. Great beer list, VERY cool atmosphere - this place is great.
4	Finally got my turn to try this place out and it was everything I had hoped for.  I loved the interiors of the place as soon as I walked in.  It's literally beer themed with a beer like chandelier and beer glass dividers in the main dining room.  My girlfriend and I sat in the bar and the window seating was great.  For the record I like natural daylight.  I had the Southern Crunch Burger.  Ground beef burger with lettuce, tomato, pimento cheese and house chips on top.  It came to the table with a knife becuase there was no way to fit it all in your mouth.  It was HUGE and delicious.I can't wait to go back!
3	Not sure what to say, it was the best of times, it was the worst of times...I have been here several times and the food has been great, while other times it has fallen flat.  To some degree, the service has mirrored my previous statement.  I like the concept of a gastropub, and this one definitely has a consistent stellar beer selection, but my experience has been better with the pub part than the gastro part.  Like Forrest Gump said, "it's like a box of chocolates, you never know what you're gonna get".While the above review covers about 6-8 experiences at The Liberty, I will say that the last couple of times there, for drinks only, with the wife, we have had very good service and of course the drinks/beer were great. I may just need to return for brunch, lunch or dinner and give them another try.  They may have turned the corner on their inconsistent food and service issues.
4	My rating is more reflective of the food rather than the service or the outdoor wobbly furniture. If you want to indulge in an occasional huge, delicious burger that is nearly impossible to eat neatly, this is the place. Pub burger was juicy and flavorful and really messy. Even my wife's more reasonable chicken sandwich selection was a chore to eat, but good. Sides are good, their version of mac and cheese is a bit  different so mixed reviews could be generated. Service, while pleasant and friendly was not  attentive nor timely.But if you want a great tasting burger and a selection of brews-this is your place.
1	I came from out of town and looking for a place to go for dinner this evening. A local guy I worked with mentioned this would be a good place to go after I brought it up as an option for me to check out. Whenever I am out of town I try to go where locals go and avoid the typical business persons area. Going into the evening I was actually looking forward  to trying what was voted Charlotte's best hamburger. I love hamburgers and have had most of the best around the country. Thankfully my waistline doesn't quite show that. So onto the review itself. I started thinking that this was going to be a live and busy restaurant based on the fact that parking was REALLY hard to come by. I like lively and busy. So far so good. I go inside and there isn't a seat at the bar so I wait a bit for a seat to open up so I didn't have to ask for a table for one...Which wouldn't have even been a problem because as I was standing in front of the host stand, no one behind it even acknowledged that I was there .WHAT? A restaurant uninterested in seating a customer? A restaurant not interested in making an extra $50 in these days is kind of crazy. I kind of got the sense that customers aren't so important and boy was I right. Granted it was a Saturday night and busy, but that is no reason to acknowledge customers and treat them well. For the most part everyone there seemed too busy to be bothered to take an order or take a drink order. IT TOOK FOREVER! And not only that, no sort of care that you were left waiting. I felt like I didn't matter. I mean how do they know that I'm not a restaurant reviewer or someone with restaurant influence. Every good restaurant knows how to keep up appearances and it seems like this restaurant hired the wrong people as the face of the place. OK, so enough about the a little less than mediocre staff. After waiting and waiting my food order was finally taken. I ordered the "best hamburger in Charlotte" of course because how could I not. It finally came out and it was luke warm. Disappointment #1. The girl behind the bar was apologetic so I started feeling slightly bad. I got another burger and it was completely raw on the inside. I got the sandwich and as I was picking it up the meat was crumbling. This should not happen with a burger this size. They took it back and again another apology which was nice. I ended up with the chicken dish that was actually pretty good. After my experience here, I would avoid this place and head for the second best hamburger spot because you know they are going to try a lot harder t be the number one. Sorry Liberty, you will not be told about to all my other friends who travel for a living. In fact you have a big avoid mark right now.
5	The burger and beer reputation this place has lived up to the hype.  One of the best burgers I've ever had and discovered dogfishhead hellhound double ipa that I've never heard of.
5	Always love the beer and food.  Last time, we had the Pretzels, Chicken tenders for my daughter, Pub Burger and Short ribs.  Everything was great.
3	I have only had the burgers here and they are great!  They brag that they are the best burger in Charlotte and I have to say I am having trouble finding a better one.  Liberty is located right on South Blvd in Southend right near Pewter Rose.  Parking is a little tight depending on the night.The Carolina burger is my favorite here!  Everything from the bun to the toppings to the size of the whole thing is totally up my alley!  I had to smoosh mine a bit and cut it in half to eat it because it was so big.  All of the ingredients were super fresh and made a great combination.  The only downside I have to the place is the fries.  Everyone likes different kinds of fries - I like the traditional type, sorry to say like McDonalds-ish.  Not too big and just the right amount of salty.  The fries at Liberty are gourmet or something - seasoned to the hilt and mucho pungent.  It isn't my preference but I know some folks love this kind.We have never had a bad experience with service here - everyone is super friendly and accommodating.  The bar area has booths and high tops but there is also a proper restaurant.  The decor is very warm and cozy with great art work and gorgeous chandeliers.  Check out the one above you when you first walk in!  You will be craving some suds!  :-D
2	Went for the first time this week.  Had an 8pm reservation, hostess staff was rude and didn't seat us until 8:45.  Wait staff was just as bad.  Took 15 minutes for WATER.  Food came out sporadically, most of which was cold.  All the guys at our table enjoyed their burgers, but the rest of us found the food was nothing special.  A waste of a Saturday night.  RUDE STAFF AND POOR SERVICE.
3	I LOVE Charlotte Restaurant Week! It is one of my favorite times a year. I mean who doesn't love to dine at some of Charlotte's best places for $30? My prior experiences at The Liberty made me decide to make this my Restaurant Week stop and to invite some friends to join. Two of my friends had never been to the establishment so I was excited for them to try it.Now, I understand that restaurants can be a little more hectic during Restaurant Week and it seems the goal is to seat as many guests as possible. I completely understand this from a business point of view. However, I have eaten at other Charlotte establishments during Restaurant Week and had a very nice meal and not felt rushed. My friends and myself have enjoyed two hour long dinners with 4-5 courses during previous Restaurant Weeks and that has led to it being one of the things I look forward to.I have never had a problem at The Liberty but I was very disappointed in the service we received during our last visit. My main problem with the service was our courses came too close together. So close that while we were enjoying our second course the third course was brought out while we all still had about half of the entree on the plate. We had a reservation, we were on time for our reservation and when we left we were the last table on our half of the restaurant. Why such a rush? I hate that such poor service has tarnished my opinion of The Liberty. I love to support local establishments and I believe that The Liberty is a positive asset to South End. I can't write a review and not mention the food. The food was quite delicious. We were all in agreement on that. I had the pig ear pad Thai, chicken and waffles and the apple bacon pie. The pad Thai was amazing! I could have had that for two courses. The "chicken" and waffles was an interesting take on the dish. The chicken was described as "nuggets" but I would classify it closer to a croquette. The gastrique was devine. The apple bacon pie was great, but was disappointed that you couldn't taste the bacon. Three out of four of us got that for dessert and we all agreed it could have had more of a bacon flavor. The fourth member of our party ordered the fried Mars bar - that should be a menu staple! Amazing!While our overall experience was good, the most disappointing thing of all is that two new patrons to the establishment had this experience and I am doubtful they will return. Charlotte Restaurant Week is a great way to try a new establishment and I am disappointed that my friends were not able to experience The Liberty like I have in the past.
5	Love the food here. As of now this is my favorite chef in town. Great use of flavors and local cuisine. Not super pricey and a lot of bang for your buck. I eat red meat, but I'm a red meat snob. I won't eat a pub burger out anywhere but here. The duck fat fries are amazing. If you are afraid of gravies ask for it on the side.I recommend everything on the menu. If you would eat it somewhere else, try it here. The food is like something you would dream came from a french countryside home, butchered out back and cooked in a big old black iron skillet. I just ate, but know I'm hungry again. ;)
3	3.5Woooow....such a variety of reviews for this restaurant.  It seems to have quite a polarizing effect on people!!  I haven't seen such a "mix" of reviews on very many establishments so I was definitely interested to see what was happening over at good ole' Liberty!I had to give this place 3.5 because my husband and I had two different experiences even though we were together.  So, my review represents both the people who love this place and the people who could take it or leave it.  However, take my review with a grain of salt for the following reasons:1.  It was restaurant week and I tend to find the quality lacks for most places during this week...just my opinion2.  It was restaurant week so they had a limited menu...I didn't see quite a few of the mentioned items on this version of their menu so I wasn't given a fair chance3.  We aren't big drinkers and beer is not my thing so I am sure I was a disgrace to the waitress staff and the restaurant overall.  I am sure you are wondering why the heck I was at a gastropub but that's irrelevant.  That's like people who get mad at me when I wear heels even though I am almost 5'11 barefoot...why shouldn't I get to enjoy a nice pair of shoes because I am tall?  Don't hate.  I was there for the food, not the beer.With all that said...we tried the pretzels...very good.  They were what a big fat pretzel should have been though.  They were thicker than other places but not quite as buttery...they had a good flavor though.  The cheese fondue was a little bland and the spicy mustard cleared up my congestion so that was cool with me.I was advised to try the hanger steak (meat of the day).  I was told they grind their own meat in-house so that was an impressive sell that forced me to go with some type of meat.  The hanger steak was medium rare but it was truly mooing at me.  It was chewy, fatty and just flat out not that great.  It wasn't awful but it just wasn't great.  The fries were pretty yummy, crispy and thick cut so I enjoyed those!My husband tried the only burger being offered for the night.  I think it was just called the pub burger.  He said it was one of the best burgers he has ever had.  And he is actually a burger snob.  He said it was full of flavor, it was super juicy (it was dripping so that I could tell) and just cooked to absolute perfection!  Great!!The service was so-so.  It took our waitress a cool 30 minutes before she cracked a smile but she was pretty efficient.  The food came out super quick which was actually a little concerning.  It made me wonder if they nuked the whole dish but whatever.There were other menu items I would like to try but I am not racing back this weekend or anything.  I think they have a really cool environment and would obviously be heaven for beer lovers....  I would certainly return but it may be a little while.
2	2.5If you left Rock Bottom wishing you had paid more money for your food, then The Liberty can fill that void.Paid $7 for two soft pretzels and a thimble full of beer cheese.For the main course: $18 for a bowl of fries with some steak mixed in.Also, I usually like a $6 dessert to be larger than the credit card I am paying for it with.Service isn't bad. Value isn't there.
3	The location is in a good place on South Blvd.  The bar area is warm and has a good feel.  The service was good.  They could have a few more local beers that they cary.  The chicken sandwich was good too.  Nothing bad to say here, nothing great to say either.
1	I really do not enjoy writing bad reviews for local businesses. I am not a fan of bad mouthing a company and potentially hurt the lively hood of people in my community. However, when those people do not care about your experience at a restaurant, or care about your business, then it makes it a little easier to stomach giving such a bad review. I have now gave this place a shot on three separate occasions, when they first opened, a few months ago, and then this week. Each time it was not a pleasant experience. The second visit I did have good service. The food was not so good though. After hearing they might have hopslam some friends and I decided to head over. As soon as we walked through their doors it was a bad experience. The hostess was not friendly, there was an open table by the bar and we asked to sit there. I am not sure why, she seemed to not want us to sit there but allowed us to do so. It took quite some time for anyone to take our drink order. The bartender came over after some time and took our orders. Still not very friendly. Unfortunately, they no longer had any Hopslam, but we new that may happen. So, we all ordered beers off of their awesome beer list and a friend ordered an appetizer. Some time later we got the beers. When we were almost done with the beers I stated that I did not think that he would be getting the food order. The bartender came back and asked if we wanted any food. I asked about the order already put in. The order was forgotten. No apologies or anything. Then without asking if we were done she brought the tab to us. This was obviously an employee issue and not the restaurant itself. However, with my past experiences at this place it is not surprising. I seriously doubt I will be going there for a fourth time.
2	The Liberty has an amazing atmosphere. Unfortunately it is at that point you should turn around and leave, because the experience will often only get worse.On our latest visit, several opted for a high-top table in the bar, where we watched one server clean a table - three times - and multiple servers pile dirty plates onto another table. Maybe the kitchen had no room for dirty plates. Yet for some reason they didn't want to speak to us, as clearing tables seemed to take a priority. It could have been us, and that is okay, but it doesn't speak highly about their service.After we were asked about drinks - and we did place an appetizer order - we eventually received the drinks, which ran dry before we ever saw someone again, and the food never did come out. Since the appetizer order was ignored and the drinks were never refilled, we opted to ask for the check and leave.Just another disappointment at The Liberty.
4	BRUNCH! Yes! Great Bloody Marys endless Mimosas and their food is delish! And best thing about it? NO WAIT!! I am always looking for a good place to brunch.
5	The Liberty is one of my Charlotte staples. I always get the Pub Burger, no cheese, mayo on the side...keep the bacon and it's delicious. The meat of the burger is the real star but it's the freshly made buns that set it apart from other burgers. My favorite place to sit is right at the bar so you can interact with the bartenders and I like feeling a part of the action. I think of them as the Goldilocks of craft beer in that their offerings are not overwhelmingly vast nor inconsequentially small but a perfect balance of quantity and quality.
4	I can't remember how I ended up finding out about this place, but I'm glad I did! I don't hear the term gastropub used often around Charlotte, but did a little research on what really defines a gastropub- business specializing in upscale bar-food. Usually the sell of alcohol goes hand in hand, as The Liberty does. One my first occasion out, I had myself just a basic burger and a brew, and man was it one hell of a meal. The burger, "The Crunch Burger" was comprised of a thick angus patty, perfectly cooked the way I like it, smoked bacon, and pimento cheese. Fantastic. Was awarded best burger my some magazine and I believe it! Again, wash it down with a Guiness on tap and yes sir, you got yourself quite the meal there,The general layout of the place is very out of the ordinary, and utilizes both a modern and "artsy" decor well. The keg barrels as podiums are a very unique design. Overall great atmosphere. Although very open, it is not loud.I will admit, at first glance of the menu you will swallow hard at their prices, but again, their quality really does make up for it.
4	Wide selection of good beers. Lukewarm coffee. Mac n cheese came out watery, but crunch burger was amazeballs! Replacement side (baked beans) also very tasty & well spiced. Stick with their strengths and it's a great place to eat.
4	I was happy to book a thanksgiving reservation for my friends and I when I saw the three course dinner that they were offering. That third course, was a dessert bar!  First of all, I've been to The Liberty on numerous occasions and they have an awesome lamb burger. The location is in the lovely South End are of Charlotte and the interior decor is nice and chic, with a lovely dining area and separate bar area.Ok, now, let's get to the food!First Course: My guests and I enjoyed delicious pumpkin gnocchi, rock shrimp salad, and lobster and crab cakes. I particularly loved the sauce on the pumpkin gnocchi (my first time having pumpkin!) and the vinaigrette on the crispy rock shrimp salad.Second Course: Prime rib with creamed spinach casserole and mashed potatoes with a mushroom gravy...yum! The pork was also delicious with smoked Gouda mac and cheese, bacon wrapped ham and sweet apple compote. Wow! It was the only dish that really looked like typical Thanksgiving fare, but it was definitely superb.Third Course: Dessert!!! I was wary, since I am allergic to eggs, and it's rare that a restaurant has a dessert that I can actually eat. To my surprise, they had plenty for me to enjoy! I had the berry cobbler and apple crisp...amazing! They also had an assortment of chocolate cake, cookies, bread pudding with marshmallows, cheese cake with strawberry sauce, lemon meringue tarts, and a few other things that I can't quite name, since I've never tried them. Just know, there was a smorgasbord of sweets on that table!It was an overall delightful experience and completely stress free, with no clean up! Yay! The service was wonderful and the owner even stopped by. He was very friendly and personable. I'd recommend The Liberty to anyone. If you're ever in Charlotte, please stop by. They have amazing burgers, salads, and a yummy, popular, fresh pretzel appetizer.Thanks The Liberty!
4	My mom and dad were in town on Sunday afternoon. After great internal debate of what Charlotte-area restaurant would best suit them for lunch, I decided on The Liberty. It was a solid choice. We got there around 12:30, and I figured we'd end up having to sit in the bar area since the dining room was full-up. But the pint-sized Asian hostess was able to immediately fit us into a booth/seat along the central amber-glowing beer wall. Our waitress, Kristin may have been her name, a proud and tall curly-haired brunette with a slight caramel tint to her pale skin, greeted us forthright with brunch menus, and welcomed us with a sincere smile. In my opinion, The Liberty and Brazwell's Pub on Montford are in stiff competition for maintaining the most attractive wait staffs in Charlotte. As I glanced around the dining room, I struggled to identify which of the tight-black-clad waitresses exceeded the others in form and virtue. I couldn't rank them; they're all just flawless. My mother, admiring the pallet-wood walls, barrel-keg columns, and frothy-yellow suds inlaid the back-lit wall behind her, turned to me and said, "So... this is basically a bar? A pub?" I laughed. "Yes, um... it's a restaurant. And a bar. All restaurants are bars these days. Charlotte has evolved into a drinking city of late. We have like nine breweries and a hundred new restaurants. It's a foodie town now." I checked out the brunch menu. I didn't even realize The Liberty had brunch. Apparently that's a new ubiquitous Charlotte dining offering as well. I browsed the options under the brunch heading - typical fair: omelettes, shrimp and grits, steak and eggs, etc. But for me, The Liberty is a burger joint. It'd be silly to deviate from what they do best. I was, however, particularly moved by the listing in the bottom left corner of the menu - Bottomless Mimosas for $12. Not something I could really do with the folks, but I'd be back for those. "I'm getting a beer," I said. "You guys want beer?" My mother declined, but my dad was into it. "I want something dark," he said. I scanned the beer list - lagers, pale ales, double IPAs, Guinness (eh, maybe), a couple ambers, some of the traditional OMB and Triple C options, but nothing particularly dark. I wanted to order a local beer, but none was quite fitting. Kristin returned, "You guys know what you're drinking?" "We need something dark-ish. How dark is this Imperial Stout?" She kind of wavered. "It's... good," she said. "Maybe not that dark, though." My dad was easily sold. I went for a Triple C Light Rail Pale Ale, which I stuttered out in awkward tongue-twister form. Eh, she knew what I meant. The beers came quickly. I sampled my father's Imperial Stout; it was, indeed, good - kind of rich and earthy with a sharp after-taste. I'm never disappointed by a pale ale, so I found my Light Rail satisfying - just enough hop to give it a flinch, but easy enough to match most any meal. I tried to get my mother to order a beer or a glass of wine, but she declined. She explained that beer had never suited her. She also later explained that marijuana didn't suit her either; it would cause her to get light-headed and faint. I found that hilarious and adorable; it's amazing the things you learn about your parents in adulthood that you would never be privy to as a child. We ordered: my dad went with the brisket burger; mom got the signature Liberty Pub Burger. I decided to go rogue and try the fish n' chips. Kristin scribbled it all down, nodded, smiled, fetched our menus, and spun away. My mom cleared her throat. "So, honey..." she began, "I was reading your Yelp reviews...""Oh, dear..." "Those ones from Philadelphia... I was reading them with your sister...""Oh, dear..."She paused to choose her next words. "We were trying to decide if you're embellishing these things, or if you really drink that much..."I laughed. "Everything that happened is one-hundred percent true. I only embellish the language; everything situational is real." She nodded. "Well, if that's the case... I don't think we like this Huxley very much." I laughed again. "Well, ya know, we've had a weird relationship. I don't really understand why she is the way she is, but I try to give people the benefit of the doubt." "I don't think you should see her anymore," my mother asserted. I nodded. "Yeah, that's probably not even really up to me..."From there, the conversation steered elsewhere. Kristin returned in short time with our entrees. My folks were impressed; I was too. My dad methodically destroyed his brisket burger; my mother only managed half of her Pub burger, but that was a lot for her. I melted over my fish and chips, so much beer batter... so much malt vinegar. And we all salivated mindlessly over the crispy, seasony fries. At the end, my dad and I argued briefly over the check, before I relented. He is, after all, my elder. "Are you going to Yelp about this one?" my mom asked me. "Yes, mother. I am."
5	I just love this place!We always have a good consistently well prepared meal.  This time we had pork belly sliders, burgers, shrimp and grits, and fish and chips.  All served hot and no overcooked fish.Only caveat was the female bartender server who was not too attentive.
5	Great atmosphere.  They have an awesome draft beer selection, with 20 items on tap, with about 17-18 rotating craft beers (PBR and Guiness are staples).  The food is really good.  If you don't try the Devils on Horseback, its your loss!  I am not much on lamb, but I tried the lamburger, and it was amazing.  My new favorite!The staff are nice (sometimes can be a bit slow when busy) and the owner chit chats with the patrons, getting your feedback, etc. Great place!  Everytime my dad flies in from San Diego, he insists we stop by for a burger.
3	Been twice.  Food has been great.  Service sub-par (not very friendly and slow both times)
1	The first time I went to the Liberty, I had the fish and chips, which were very good. Then they revamped the menu... On another trip my beer was served with a broken burger stake in it which caused shards of wood to become stuck in my throat. Really ruined my experience. Don't plan to return.
4	Had a great dinner that started with the sinful Poutine, continued with Short Ribs and ended with the Salted Caramel Budino. My husband had the Crunch Burger which he raved about. The food was great and our service was equally great. The only negative was the beers both my husband and I initially ordered were no longer available but this was not communicated to us upfront so there was a delay in being served our beer while the Poutine had already been brought to us.   It seems there is a breakdown in communication between the person who monitors the beer inventory to the server so that would be something to work on improving and why I was not able to give "5" stars.
3	Great Short Ribs!  Will definitely go back to try other entres.  Plan to drink beer, the wine list is weak.
3	We had lunch around 2 pm this Saturday. Ate outside with a couple of other brave souls. Ordered the Kobe brisket with lettuce, tomato and onions on the side. When it was finally delivered, even the Kobe beef and provolone was on the side. Nothing at all on the bun. Strange, but very tasty. My wife had the fried chicken salad that was ok. Had to wait quite a while for our food. A so so overall experience.
4	Great food at a reasonable price and we've always had good service.  Their lobster mac and cheese is great but very rich so probably a good idea to share or get vegetables as well.  My fiance and I recently tried their cooking demonstration.  It was a little more expensive than I would have liked but it was great!  AND there was a wine pairing with each course.
4	I had come through Charlotte in Jan 2012 and had eaten their brunch here. I thought it was fantastic and they put a lot of thought in there menu. It was fried oysters that I remember. They were very good. You pay like 16 to 20 dollars and they bring out a variety of items for you. Very nice! A wide variety of beer on tap too!
4	This place was pretty good. The "Natural Crunch Burger" was amazing. The fries are just ok. But overall, it was good and I'll be going back to try some other things on the menu. Can't get much more convenient to the light rail line.
4	Really enjoyed our meal here-I would have returned before we left town but there wasn't time. The calamari fries were really, really good. I have never had a preparation like that before and I really enjoyed them. The cheese plate was good. They should give you more bread because there really is not enough with the generous portions of cheese. The waitress brought us more but it took awhile to come. I then had a salad and my friend the fish and chips. I am not so into beer so I had a cider-if you are into beer I would definitely check out the selection. I think we had dessert but I was so full I cannot remember what we had.Our server was pretty on it until the end.
5	So, The Liberty definitely has my vote after serving as the venue for our rehearsal dinner. "The Liberty????," you may be thinking... and my answer is, I know, a tid bit unconventional but AMAZING! First, The Liberty has one of the most affordable private rooms in the greater-uptown area. Their private room seats up to 60 people comfortably and provides a very intimate setting for private events. Second, they totally understand how to work with a budget. I essentially gave them a dollar amount, a few parameters, and the fabulously talented staff at The Liberty figured out the rest. Our rehearsal dinner guests LOVED the food, especially the shrimp and grits and mac n' cheese (I should have ordered 4 times the amount of mac n'cheese that I ordered because everyone went back for seconds, thirds, and fourths until it ran out). The service was amazing, the bartenders and waiters were very patient with our very thirst and hungry bunch. The cherry on the sundae of the perfect dinner was that the bill actually would up being a bit less, that's right, I said less... than we anticipated -which is always a nice surprise!I hope to never get married again, and will therefore never need to plan another rehearsal dinner, but I will DEFINITELY suggest The Liberty for corporate events, retirement celebrations, engagement parties, you name it! Chef Matt and his crew truly were a pleasure to work with!
4	Dad's day menu was awesome. I had the heirloom tomato gazpacho with lobster, my daughter had the crab cakes and my husband had the spicy shrimp. Delicious!!!! Our second course was also wonderful. The shrimp and grits were okay, I guess I just don't like shrimp and grits. My daughter had the salmon and she loved it. That's saying alot for a 10 year old. My husband had the burger. It was so juicy and messy, just like a burger should be. The fries are delicious. 3rd course, dessert! I had the bourbon pecan pie, daughter had the chocolate cake with chantilly cream and husband had the berry cobbler. All 3 were wonderful. The server Allie was great. When we received our check, they overcharged us for our daughters food, and she went and handled it right then, no arguments. She said she was happy to do it! We will definetly be going back.
4	Ambiance- I sat at the bar and was very comfortable with the setting. The dining room looked above average with a clean simple designFare- I had the Chicken Sandwich and was very happy with it. The jalapeno bacon was a welcomed addition to the sandwich. A few of the menu items caught my eye and I will be returning to try them. Also, they have a fantastic beer and wine list.Overall, if you have a hankering for high quality pub food at an affordable price, I recommend this place
5	By far one of my stand by go-to's for the Queen City.  Always good - never disappointed!  Great burgers.  Love the salmon entree.  Fries are amazing.  But if you are anywhere near this place with a sweet tooth, do yourself a favor and get a Salted Caramel Budino.  It will change your life.
3	We went to the Liberty for the Dad's Day brunch.  First, the good -- the food was all excellent!  it sas a pecial pre fixe menu, three courses for $21.  Good deal, great tasting food.  We ate steak and eggs with delicious truffled fries, and the always good liberty burger. Desserts were also first rate. The food here is consistently tasty - great versions of pub classics.  Why only three stars?  The service was very spotty.  I think they did not have enough staff for the busy Father's Day, so i do feel badly for our server - she was working really hard, but we never got water we asked for, and the food came out at very erratic rates.  But food was tasty, and our server remained friendly throughout.
5	Come by a few times and haven't been disappointed.  Beer, pretzel and burger.....what more can you ask for.
5	awesome!
4	Summary:  Great ambiance, great location, and good food that does suffer just slightly in comparison to other options in Charlotte.Took the family (wife, 3 teenager-ish kids, and parents), so had the opportunity to taste quite a few things...highlights:- The pretzel's were very good - slight crunch on the outside, chewy on the inside -  but at $14 a little overpriced.  (Comparison - Flying Saucer)- Pickle appetizer was well done - contrasting, sharp tastes that worked well in between main bites- Shrimp and grits were some of the best I've had in Charlotte- Mac and Cheese was good, not great.  (Comparison - Mert's)- Pork Belly sliders had all the components of something great, but couldn't quite measure up to the execution of Soul Gastrolounge and their pork belly tacos.  Would like to know who can, though.- Fantastic beer selection, including some of the locals you don't always see (Birdsong)All in all, I do recommend hitting this place if you're in South End if you're in the mood for great beer, good food, and don't mind spending a few extra bucks.
3	I keep trying The Liberty in hopes of boosting my opinion of it..... With the same result.  It's just "eh....".  I've been here on pub crawls, beer tastings, business lunches and dinners..... I've had their famous truffle chips, their even more famous burgers, a few appetizers...... And I remain overall un-impressed.  It's not that I don't understand the appeal of the restaurant.  It's in a good location, wide amount of parking, good beer selection, decent service, and ok food.  I just can't overcome my feeling that there isn't anything that special about it.  So I hang on to my "so-so" status on The Liberty, but on the flip side, I do keep trying.
4	Absolutely LOVE The Liberty. Hands down my favorite place in Charlotte for good food and a good drink. The menu is awesome- love the mussels with the grilled bread. Best burger in Charlotte, by far. My boyfriend is a huge fan of the lamb burger. Lobster mac & cheese, sauteed mushrooms, southern crunch burger...just a few of my favorites. Fried pickles come with a side of creamy hot sauce...genius. Homemade pretzels are amazing as well. Great ambiance, most of the time we go we sit in the bar area. Great service. Love this place.
4	My fiance and I decided to check out the The Liberty yesterday and were definitely not disappointed!  We started with the smaller of the two pretzel appetizers and they were very well done.  The mustard dip added a great zing to the ungodly hot pretzels, but the cheese sauce left me unimpressed.  The lamb burgers we ordered were cooked just they way we had hoped.  They had a great char on them, keeping them nice and juicy.  The tomatoes, onions and goat cheese on top made this one mountainous burger, but we eventually took this thing down!  All around a great Saturday afternoon meal, but the only reason I can't give it five stars is because we didn't know they only offered a limited menu before 5pm.  There were no bad choices, it's just that some of the things I would've tried instead were not offered when we went.  The upside is now we have a great excuse to go back!
4	We found The Liberty 2 years ago during restaurant week in Charlotte. Since then, I've gone back with friends, colleagues, and my spouse probably 50 times. Every time The Liberty never fails to delight. The food is consistently good, the service is some of the best in Charlotte. My only critique is that it is not uncommon for them to be out of the particular beer that I want to order. So it's not the best place in Charlotte if you are going for the beer selection. But you really can't beat the food / price combo in Charlotte.
4	Best burger I've found so far in Charlotte and the place just looks cool.  I ordered the Southern Prime Crunch Burger.  There are homemade chips on the burger thus the "crunch". I'll definitely be back there to try some more burgers and have that one again.
4	Tried The Liberty on a Friday night at 7pm.  We had a reservation, but probably didn't need one.  There is plenty of indoor and outdoor seating.  It's also in a nice area for sitting outside.   I really liked the decor - very wide open and spacious with kegs and other brewery-like things.  The soft pretzel appetizer is amazing.  I got the chicken sandwich with avocado, etc and it was very good.  My husband got a burger, which was also delicious.  It doesn't say it on the menu, but all sandwiches come with truffle fries, which were very good.  Great beer selection too...we will be returning!
1	Horrible service.  Food is ok.  Sat in bar area at table and even tho not crowded waitress disappeared 3  separate times for no reason.  Then spent time showing another table photos from her phone rather than serving our drinks.  Third time we've had bad service.  Different servers.
4	Excellent atmosphere and great staff.  Our group of six were mostly pleased with their dinners.  Me being a big fan of lamb had to try the lamb burger.  My first bite was like biting into a salt cube (if that exists) and the 'medium' burger was charred black on both sides.  Rarely do I not eat a meal when I'm out but I had to send this one back...just couldn't eat it.  Judging by the reviews and chat with the waitress, I suspect I just got a bad burger (still no idea what the salt cube flavor came from) and so I'll still give it 4 stars as I really liked everything else about the place.  I'll probably give it a try again as I think this place is better than my personal experience.  (yes, I'm an optimist)
5	I've been here way more than my 2 check-ins and the staff and service is always excellent. Food is great, the drinks are great. Parking is easy even during peak hours, and the location is convenient no matter where you are in Charlotte. 5 stars here, it's a regular stop.
3	The liberty has the potential to be great but it is marred by inconsistent food and service. First time I went - lamb burger was fantastic, so juicy and well arranged w other flavors. Service on point. Second time for brunch- service awful; could not get waitress' attention. Short rib entree solid but not spectacular. Third time - service good but burger and fries cold; fries tasted old like they had been sitting somewhere for a while and Pub Burger lacked oomph of similar burgers I've had elsewhere. In sum, go w low expectations and you might be delighted.
4	Delicious but inconsistent service. Worth it though!
5	This is one of my go-to spots, and I can't believe I've never done a review!  Lemme break it down.ATMOSPHERE: I love The Liberty because it's so cozy.  The fella and I typically camp out on the bar side (more on that later), and it's got a warm, wooden, golden brown, fireplace-y feel to it (with modern aluminum chairs).  There are a couple of TVs for watching the game, but they're not overpowering or loud because this isn't a sports bar.  There's an outdoor patio off the bar that's great for nice weather, too.  Oh, and parking is pretty easy in their big ol' lot (which can be tricky in this part of town).FOOD: The fella will tell you that Chef Tom makes the best "fancy" burger in town, and I'd have a hard time disagreeing with him.  You can even order it rare, and they'll oblige, if not err on the side of medium rare caution.  I've been trying to eat a little healthier lately and usually get the organic chicken sandwich with avocado, peppers, onions and pepper jack cheese, which is delicious.  My only food complaint is that the fries seem to have gone downhill a little since they opened.  On the flip side, we got the BBQ pork hush puppies last weekend (not to be confused with the BBQ pork sliders), and I'm still grinning from happiness.BEER: Ok, so I'm not much of a beer drinker, but the fella usually foams at the mouth for The Liberty's tap list.  In addition to the better craft beers, they usually have one or two super rare beers every month, so you need to follow them on FB/Twitter.  We headed over last weekend for a Cigar City/New Belgium collaboration, but there were others on tap he got pretty excited about like the Founders Backwoods Bastard.  They even had a couple of ciders for me!  I also appreciate that they usually have some local beers on tap like NoDa and Triple C.Overall, give me Liberty or give me... nope, just give me The Liberty!
5	I came here with my husband for date night and I must say this place is awesome! Best burger I have found in Charlotte yet! I got a burger with cheese and bacon on it with the garlic fries. They didn't have any cider for me to partake in, and the beer they had on special was out because they had a keg blow, but I really didn't need anything to take away from my heavenly burger experience. The burger was very well made medium and the fries were hot and awesome! They also have an aioli that is supposed to come on the burger, but I asked for it on the side, and the fries were very good dipped in it. The ambiance in this place is really cozy and I think very romantic. Parking can be a pain in the rain and in the dark, but just pay attention to signs and you'll be ok. My new #1 date night destination!
4	After thinking about things review, I have decided overall The Liberty should receivebetween a 3.5-4.0 review. Upon entering, I was luckily seated immediately without reservations. I was waiting on a friend who unfortunately was stuck in traffic, so I ordered some coffee and let my server know. Unfortunately, the server took that as she could leave me alone until my friend showed up sans coffee. I reminded her about the coffee and she seemed a little put off.Once my friend arrived, the server was on top of it and knowledgable about the food menu. I had the marinated chicken sandwich while my friend ordered one of the signature burgers. Both arrived fast and were definitely worth recommending.However, once the food arrived, my server was gone again for 20 minutes. Our waters and coffee were empty for at least 15 minutes while servers walked past and said nothing. The food was great, the server was nice, but service overall could be worked on.
1	I won't go back to The Liberty even if the meal was free.We had guests in from out of town and wanted to try The Liberty for dinner.  When we walked in, the restaurant side was almost completely empty.  We asked for a table for 6 and was told that they didn't have any openings but we could sit at the bar.  We asked why the restaurant was completely empty and they said they had reservations.  I find it hard to believe that they don't allow for walk ins.I asked to talk to the manager and the Owner/Manager came out (who was a complete jerk to us) and said I'm not sure what else I can tell you.If I could give a rating of 0 Stars I would.
1	So disappointed in this place and see no reason to return...even though I wanted to for the burger.We went for restaurant week and this was a place I'd wanted to try. Perfect!Parking was pretty busy for a 6:00 reservation, but I don't hold that against the restaurant, just a warning for the next chick.First course was the Brew Master's Plate - hand-cranked sausage, house pickles, spicy mustard, fresh-baked pretzel, Tillamook pimento cheese fondue - Sounds great! - THE SAUSAGE WAS RAW, PINK, MUSHY AND RAW. So, when I asked the server if it was supposed to be pink, she said yes. NO- It isn't.  When she took the plate with the raw sausage still on it - I told her, that it was raw.  No apologies.  She did have another whole plate sent out - I DIDN'T WANT ANYMORE and kindly told the other server who brought it out that I didn't want it.  My stomach was already turning because of the raw bite of sausage that I ate.  Then the second course - I got the 'steak and potato'.  Steak was fine - kind of hard to mess that up.  Potatoes were overfried/burnt fries...gag.  My husband got the "Chicken & Dumplings"  They shouldn't call it that.  It is 2 pieces of dried out, roasted chicken pieces dark & white over a roux, veggies and few gnocchi.Dessert was good. Salted Caramel Budino - chocolate cookie crust & fresh whipped cream.Beer had a really good selection, but that wasn't our focus.Throughout the entire meal not one apology for serving raw sausage - because of this - they get one star and I will never be back.There is bad lighting, but make sure you check your food going forward.
4	Best burger in Charlotte.  Wow, it takes skill to eat it. Thick juicy and cooked to perfection.  The brioche bun - melt. The fries, to die for.  My only complaint, in the summer, it was consistently uncomfortably cold in the restaurant - take a parka.  At dinner, the prices are high for burgers - beware.    The brunch egg and bacon sandwich, decadent and yummy.   Have never finished my meal or tried dessert.
4	The burger was amazing. Thick, juicy, covered in oozing melted cheese, crisp bacon, the perfect fried egg and earthy truffle mayo. Quite the treat in trendy Dillworth.
4	Stopped into The Liberty for lunch after noticing their sign outside claiming "Best Burger in Charlotte" or something of that nature. With a claim like that it was hard to pass up.In an attempt to try two things in one visit, my cousin and I decided to each order a sandwich and split each. We went with the House-Smoked BBQ Kobe Beef Brisket and the Irish Hills Black Angus Pub Burger. Both were well-priced for lunch and included a side so it seemed like the way to go.The beef brisket sandwich was great with a substantial portion of meat and a flavorful sauce. The meat itself was well-smoked and perfectly tender.The burger was also very good. I could tell the meat was ground in-house which certainly set it apart from other burgers in town but something did have me feeling like a little added spice to the meat itself would have really kicked the burger up a notch. As with the brisket, the portion for the burger was great and with the addition of a side resulted in a great value for everything we got.In the future I'll be exploring more of the menu and likely will venture towards something other than the sandwiches. As for now, I would certainly suggest stopping into The Liberty to try one of their burgers. Although very good I can't say it is the best burger I've ever had. However, for a Charlotte it may certainly be a contender.
2	I gave this place 2 stars, not because of the menu, I never tasted the food but more of the rudeness of the hostess. We went here the other week on a Sat night at 6:00. I had been looking forward to trying this place since I had heard good things of it. The minute we walked in there were about 4 tables filled and no one in the bar. The rude hostess looks up, does not bother to smile and says with a snappy tone "do you have a reservation"? My wife and I looked around and said no, we did not think we needed one at 6:00. She replied that they were completely booked up, even in the bar. The fact that they were booked did not bother me (even though they were nowhere near full). It was more the attitude of the hostess who offered no solutions explanations as to why we could not even eat at the bar. The service at this place turned me off so much I am really not interested in trying the menu. There are plenty of other burger joints in this town.
1	Had an 8:45 reservation on open table.  Arrived at 8:35 and told there would be a 1-1.5 hour wait.  Can't rate it because we couldn't get in.  I guess that means it popular but still made for a crappy first experience.
1	Went to the Liberty once. Stood at the door took forever for me to be acknowledged and then was told to find a seat.. Was not really impressed with the burger either.
3	Came here for dinner one night with my husband and brother. I am a vegetarian and felt a little disappointed they didn't have more options to choose from. Even the main dish of macaroni and cheese said it was topped with bread crumbs that had been cooked in duck fat. My brother got the burger and was super happy with it and I tried his fries which were delicious. My husband got their fish and chips and he was fairly pleased with his. The fries were the best part of both they agreed. We ordered an appetizer of fried pickles and while they were ok they had a lot of breading and a whole lot of grease. I don't mind a little but I felt like this was a lot in my opinion.
5	Great decor and fun place to go for dinner or lunch. I was in Montreal last fall and discovered poutine and the liberty has this dish and does it well!
4	We walked over here from my friends apartment because it was such a gorgeous day out. I loved the little patio area - it was very cute and sunny. The menu had a good range of american cuisine and even mussels - and you know I love those - but everyone kept getting these amazing huge burgers - so I gave it and got one too. They have a big sign up that says they were voted best burger in Charlotte - so that also pushed me to give it a go.I can't eat fries and those of us going low-carb alternatives appreciate a great salad. They couldn't sub the fries for the salad, but they did do an upgrade for it, so I had a wedge and burger with no bread on it. The burger was awesome - very big though!My friends had the organic chicken sandwich and the veggie burger - they said both were great!We enjoyed some cocktails from the bar as well as the over all sunshine of the patio. The chairs could be a little more comfortable out there, I had to use my purse as a back cushion because I kept sliding backwards and the service was a little slow, but over all it was a very relaxing, casual, chill little spot for lunch.I would return - next time I am going to try the mussels for sure.
3	I went here a few weeks ago for a business lunch and my impression was just that it was average. I got the crabcake salad and it was okay. It wasn't a very good crab cake and the dressing was very bland. The greens were fresh though and the service was great. I would like to try it again in hopes that I will be more impressed next time. The liberty honestly left me a little bit disappointed.
5	Fun, festive atmosphere. Great selection of beer on tap. Interesting appetizers. The pretzels, calamari and sliders were great. The burger and fries were amazing. The Mac n cheese really had zero flavor. The dessert I got for my birthday was the layered pie and it was amazing....
5	The burger was amazing, it was cooked perfectly. They have a lot of different ones to choose form as well, definitely one of the best burgers I have had in Charlotte. It was crowded but we were able to sit in the bar area no problem. Outside patio area looked nice as well, good for a cool summer evening.
4	Good food, okay atmosphere. Ordered takeout for two, had a local beer at the bar while I waited. Has an older crowd feel. Bar looks outdated and a little messy.
1	Sever Billing errors on credit card charges not resolved. Double charged for meal.  No management present, staff unable to correct their admitted errors and left matter unresolved.  Not sure if this is a repeating event, but this is establishment is no longer recommended.  I ended up filing a claim through the bank's fraud unit for reimbursement on the matter.  Should you decide to try this restaurant be advised to pay cash.  With 53 other restaurants in the South End area I am sure that there a more customer oriented establishment to be found.Vincent Lenarcic
4	OK. I think the Liberty was a lot better a few years ago. I'm unsure what happened. The BBQ is dry now. It just isn't the same. HOWEVER, the poutine is amazing (can we please go back to the duck poutine?) They have a solidly good brunch. Their hamburgers are rated the best consistently.I have had some truly awful service here. Of course, I'm a sucker and I come back. They do need to work on that. They have the whole never ending mimosa thing. Skip it.
3	The food was overall pretty good, neat brewery decor, casual atmosphere. Service was pretty poor.We stumbled in here for brunch because Tupelo Honey across the street had a 2 hour wait (ain't nobody got time for that)The burgers: all incredibleThe brunch food: pretty good, french toast is amazing (egg sandwich comes on a massive greasy bun, if you are into that, thats cool...I like toast)The service: hostess was more attentive than our server was... the group I was with was really laid back so we didn't mind that all of our orders were mixed up.
5	Time for a delicious burger!Fried pickles, a bloody Mary, a burger and fries?!?!! There was not a crumb left on my plate! If you are in the mood for a burger, you can't go wrong at The Liberty!
5	Came on Mother's Day so we didn't get the normal menu but the options were really delicious!!! I would definitely come back to try a burger sometime though
4	This place was not what I expected, it was better :-).I really like the split in atmospheres from one side of the building to the other. On the left it's more intimate with the amber lighting, relaxed feel and more booth style seating. While the right is more upbeat with the bar, high top tables and open windows. It was a Thursday night and they had a great live musician as well. They don't have a crazy long list of wines but they have a great selection. They have great drinks in general from cocktails to IPA's.What I love most about the place was their great staff. They are nice, upbeat, helpful and genuinely in good spirits. Although their menu looks very appealing I will have to come back and add to my review for the food portion. I had more of a wine appetite than food that night. I did have a pretzel (which came with a great horseradish sauce). But I wrote a review anyway because the place left such a great impression on me and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a great non-sports bar atmosphere in the Southend area.
5	Food - 2/2*I got the South Crunch burger and it was amazing.  A 1/2 burger with pimento cheese, jjalapeno bacon, onions, and hand-cut chips on the burger!  Wow.  Portions are very generous.Service - 1/1*No complaintsPrice - 1/1*$10-15, what you'd expectAtmosphere - 1/1*Sat out on the patio for Sunday brunch and it was really nice.Have to be honest, went to the area trying to go the Tupelo Honey Cafe and the wait was too long for 2 little kids and so we ended up at The Liberty.  We were pleasantly surprised.  This is a really good place that we really enjoyed.  I'd go back!
5	Poutine and salted caramel boudino.  Where have you been all of my life?  Do I take both of you as my lawfully wedded something or other?  Yes, I do.
1	we drove over specifically to go to Liberty. It was close to 2pm. So the lunch rush was gone, but the floors were so filthy and there was so much trash under the outside tables, that we ate across the street. The dirt was a huge turn off...
4	I had Southern crunch burger, it was a mess, but good. The best burger I had in Charlotte so far. The beer selection looked good on the menu, but appeared that they didn't have 3 kinds that we wanted, so it was frustrating. Overall, I think it's a cool pub to hang out, interesting design.
3	I stopped here for lunch since I had passed it many times and finally decided to try something new. The reviews weren't bad and after standing in the parking lot deciding between this place and the place across the way I decided on The Liberty. The lunch menu is pretty small, but preferable to sprawling menus that guarantee they specialize in nothing. I decided to order a bacon cheeseburger (their Pub Burger) with fries and their tomato bisque as an appetizer. After sitting for a while my burger shows up without having ever gotten the soup. I asked the waitress to remove the soup from my order since it never came. She was very apologetic and offered the soup for free if I still wanted it. I declined since my food was already here and there just wasn't really a point in still wanting an appetizer. As I looked at the food I immediately noticed this is one of those places that serves those tall impossible to eat burgers. I really have no idea how most people feel about this, but personally I kind of hate when I'm served food that's overly and unnecessarily difficult to eat. I've never met a human that can open their mouth wide enough to take a decent bite of a burger this tall. I couldn't fit the burger in my mouth and after taking a few bites of nothing but bun or lettuce I frustratingly scraped off much of the toppings just so I could actually take a bite. I had ordered my burger medium and after my first bite saw that it was cooked all the way through. No pink at all, not medium. This is nit-picking, but for a place that proudly hangs a giant banner stating "best burgers in Charlotte" you'd expect them to have mastered the art of correctly cooking a burger, at least. After the waitress apologizing for the soup so strongly I decided not to even mention that my burger was cooked incorrectly. Another reason I didn't complain about it being cooked incorrectly is that the flavors were there. The food WAS tasty and I enjoyed my burger despite it being deconstructed since it didn't fit in my mouth. The burger was juicy and covered in condiment and soft grilled onions that spilled/squirted from the back of the burger as I took a bite, flooding my hands with mayo and grease and bits of grilled onion. I'm just not big on eating food that makes me feel like I need to take a shower when I'm done eating. While the food did taste good and the service was good I removed stars for the forgotten appetizer, unwieldy and difficult to eat construction of the food, and not cooking the food to order (why even ask me how I want it, then?). Even though this place has good things going for it I kind of regret coming here and won't return. Your mileage may vary.
3	Lunch was o.k.,  but not worth the $50 cost for the 3 of us. We started with the Truffle oil cheese fries which my daughter enjoyed but were too cheesy for me. My wife ordered the fish sandwich with a side of baked beans. Both were good, and the fish was very fresh. I ordered the crunchy burger with a side of cole slaw. The size of the portion was great, but even with the chips and pimento cheese on top, the flavor didn't blow me away. My daughter's plain burger was just that, plain. A burger should taste like something even if it's naked. The dog disagreed with me, we took the leftover home to her and she gave it 2 paws up. For $50 including tip (the waitress was nice ) but without drinks (we drank water) , I don't think we'll be back.
5	Stopped by the other night for a quick dinner for the opening of Restaurant Week, It was great...First you got a mason jar of Boiled Peanuts for the table. Then I had the Bazooka Guac..it was Guacamole with Goat Cheese and Pistachios..Wonderful . Then I had the Hanger Steak with Jalapeno Hollandaise..who ever thought of that ought to win a Prize - it was beyond delicious!~! And how could we go and not get the Salted Caramel Budino!! It is something I dream about ...alot!!   Go now during restaurant week or anytime, their food is consistently good! One of the Best Burgers in all of Charlotte too!!
4	Came for Charlotte restaurant week. Great menu selection. Great atmosphere. Bazooka guacamole was quite yummy. Attentive service. Glad we came for restaurant week because otherwise we would have spent double. Normal prices were a tad bit high. Great cocktails!
5	Well designed gastro.  Prompt, courteous service.  Unique, quality dishes at a reasonable price. Diverse tap selection for the geek and novice alike.
4	The Liberty is a great place with a nice beer and cocktail list. I've been here a number of times and have had a few different menu items, including burgers and special event menus. The special menus (Restaurant Week, Easter brunch, etc) are nice - you get a lot for the money and the menu items are different from the standard menu. I 100% always recommend ordering the Salted Caramel Budino - its rich and delicious! Atmosphere is very warm, cozy and beer-centric (its a gastro pub after all!) - good for a romantic meal or a group dinner (8-12 people).I'd say the service can be lacking, depending on who you get - but nothing glaring, in my opinion.
1	I was very disappointed in this eatery for various reasons. First, despite hvaing reservations, they sat us at a table immediately adjacent to the wait station. That meant that every time, sometimes several times per minute, the waitstaff had to practically climb over me to enter or update an order. Note to management: This really sucks. I'm sorry your dining room is smaller than you liked, but THERE SHOULD **NOT** BE A TABLE HERE.PERIOD.Our request to be moved to a different table was flatly denied by the hostess, all the while I eyed the empty, dirty tables just feet away in a much better location. My beer arrived in a bottle without a glass or offer of one. I guess lack of barware is what makes this a pub, and not a restaurant. My food was slightly above average to good, with the steak being the highlight of the meal. My wife's entree however- a cornish hen concoction was bland, and dry. She did not enjoy it at all. The manager asked her about it, and quickly disappeared. They still charged us for it. Worst $20 we ever wasted.Finally our leftovers were unceremoniously plopped into a enviro-friendly cardboard box, no bag, which immediately sogged through, and promptly fell apart. I get the whole 'green' movement, but this was not an appropriate container. I have the stain on my car seat to prove it. All in all, after spendng ~$100 for dinner for the two of us, we would not go back. At all. I would recommend the much better Tupelo Honey Cafe across the parking lot, or even Fuel Pizza across the street. There are far too many good restaurants in this area to waste time in this unfriendly joint.
1	We have been here a couple of times before, and thought the burgers were pretty good.  After meeting some friends at a nearby restaurant that had an hour wait, we decided to go to The Liberty instead.  I guess I should have stuck with their burgers, but decided to try their fish and chips.  The coating on the fish was nice and crunchy, but the fish itself was awful!  Totally mushy and disgusting.  Normally I would have sent it back, but the server kept disappearing, and I didn't feel like being there any longer.  The place was mostly empty, no wonder.....
5	My favorite burgers in Charlotte, great pub atmosphere and great food!  They change their menu every few months and always have some great burgers on the menu.  Fries and sweet potato fries are also great!  They always have local beers on tap and have a good wine selection as well.  Go with some friends and sit in the bar!
3	I would give this a 2 but the service was decent and my gripe is.more about the menu. Their menu boils down to a few overpriced burgers or about 5 other entrees that don't exactly scream I want you. To me the menu was too limited and I could find better selection and value elsewhere like Bad Daddy's if I want a burger. Probably won't be returning.
3	Creative menu,  great beer selection,  but not much in the way of craft cocktails. Best fish and chips ever! Nice presentation of food, all food was hot and delicious!  Burger was above average,  but sloppy.  All condiments for every dish were plentiful.   Service started out good, but disappeared in the end.  Don't blame the server too much as we think she got pulled into another section late night.  That speaks of lack of management presence and lack of teamwork from the staff.  With a party of six, gratuity was added; which was not cool and ended up making us more mad about the lack of service towards the end of the meal.
5	I love the liberty. Its only a few blocks away from me, and my boyfriend and I almost always default to this restaurant for date night. The menu changes seasonally, but has yet to disappoint. The calamari fries are absolutely killer, and the slaw on the side is almost as good. I dream, read it, dream about the salted caramel budino. It's this decandent creamy cookie dessert on a mason jar and it tastes like a little pillow of heaven. Service is hit or miss, but the bartenders are always attentive and friendly. Also they have poutine. What.
5	Awesome Philly Cheese Steak sandwich, the best I've had, get the spicy peppers added.
5	My girlfriend heard rave reviews about this place. So we decided to go here for lunch. I had the Pub burger and she had the fish sandwich. Both items were great, this location to know for their burgers. The waiter was very nice and even moved the smokers away from the patio. I think she could tell it was bothering us. We plan to visit this place again soon.
3	I tried The Liberty for the first time Labor Day weekend. My friend and I arrived for our reservation and were immediately seated. It was a Saturday evening at 6:00 p.m. and the place was pretty sparse.Our waitress (Andrea - I believe was her name) was friendly and very willing to explain menu and beer options. She even brought out a mini sampler of beer so I could better make my decision. I ordered the liberty burger (medium) and fries. The first thought I had when my burger came out was how photogenic it looked. The bread was lightly buttered and it seemed somewhat larger than your typical burger-joint burger. The burger came with a pickle on the side and the fries were nicely seasoned.We decided to go for dessert, I ordered the berry cobbler which came with vanilla ice cream. It was a delicious summer treat. In all, the meal was good but nothing special.
5	Love this place!  I come back to The Liberty time and time again.  I really enjoy the chilled out vibe of the place and, of course, the great beer selection.  The beer selection isn't as huge as some other places.  But the liberty does seem to have a constantly changing mix of interesting and hard to find beer options.  The service has consistently been fast and friendly.  I really should branch out more, but I seem to order the mussels and the pub burger every time I dine here.  There are reasons for this.  Because both are outstanding and the best that you will find in Charlotte, IMO.  I have had many of the other appetizers and have consistently been very happy with everything that I have ordered.
2	Third time at the Liberty and in my experience it's just an average restaurant. The service is okay, nothing to rave about. The decor and design in the dining room is amazing and the atmosphere is very inviting. On the other hand the food is just okay at best. My last visit I had the pickle chips app and the fish and chips. I thought the fried pickles were decent but I've definitely had better fish and chips. Had I known they used Tilapia and not Cod or Haddock I probably would've skipped on this entree. I think the fish may have been frozen or overcooked due to it's texture but the batter was decent however it was very greasy. The fries were solid but I've had better. Nice bar and decent beer selection.
1	Had lunch last week, food was very good, but the waitress filled my water glass 4 times....each time was after just one sip, and she must of asked me three times how my food tasted. All I could think of was....if you stop talking to me and filling up my dang water, I'll have a chance to eat. Then halfway through lunch she asked if I was ready for the check, WTF. This was the most stressful annoying lunch ever. I just wanted to eat and relax, Hint: sometimes less service is more.  I would come back but won't sit in her section anymore.
3	Let's start by saying I love a good burger and was excited to try The Liberty, but unfortunately I was underwhelmed and unimpressed.Took a birthday trip here with a friend and was immediately seated and greeted by our waitress. She was very helpful with beer selection even bringing samples. After settling on our beer choices I ordered a burger (can't remember which one) it was cooked perfectly medium and the fries were nicely salted. It was a nice size burger but lacking in flavor. The food was good but I've had better burgers and I'm in no rush to get back.
5	The quality of food and tastiness is absolutely superb. Fresh quality shows in all the dishes I've had. This is my favorite burger in Charlotte and one of my fav restaurants.I have a friend who's a head chef at another restaurant in south end and he was surprised to hear my thoughts, given the reputation that doesn't seem to be as good, and this reputation baffles me. I've never had bad service, and definitely nothing but less than an excellent meal. I'd dig my feet in against anyone who said otherwise. Anything less than 5 stars isn't doing the place justice
5	The pub burger for lunch is very fulfilling, the truffle fries are very tasty. I went there hoping to get the pork belly sliders but they don't serve that during lunch. Other than that,  the experience was good.
4	The girlfriend took me here to celebrate my 30th birthday on a Monday night.  We had a beer, a cocktail, a burger, a beet salad, and the calamari fries appetizer.  The fries were probably the most interesting - strips of chewy calamari fried and served looking like French fries.  The burger was good, as were the fries (though they could have used more rosemary).  The beet salad was disappointing - arugula was bitter, and beets were not plentiful.  Pumpkin beer was nice, and my girlfriend thought the cocktail was great (fruity but not too sweet).  Would recommend this place for the food and drinks!  Would have gotten five stars if not for the beet salad... ;-/Service was fine on a Monday night, but there was only one other couple in the restaurant so hard to definitively say how service would be on a busy night.
1	The food came out fast but some could have stayed in the kitchen and saved me some disappointment.  The onions on the wedge salad did not work.  Also the fried calamari was soggy.  I went for lunch one and it was way better.  I will not be doing dinner here again.
1	My husband, daughter and I stopped here for lunch. We chose this place as they touted having the "best burger in Charlotte".  There was only one other table with anyone at it, and there were 3 tables filled on the patio. The aesthetics were nice, but the service and food left much to be desired. The waitress walked by us several times without acknowledging us and when she did, we were smart enough to just order. That didn't change the fact that we waited way too long for our food. Once we got our food, it was just ok. The bacon was wilted, there was no seasoning on the burgers, and the Mac and cheese tasted microwaved. To top it all off, for 2 burgers and a kids meal, it was $50.  We are willing to pay for good food and we tip well. This place just did not deserve it. I completely understand why the waitress never asked how everything was.  As we are driving home, my husband is complaining of a stomach ache, and he NEVER gets sick. We will NOT be back, and hopefully the leftovers we brought won't kill our dogs.
4	We took a small group from the office as a farewell to a exiting co-worker.  The food from the appetizer to main  luncheon course was awesome.  All of our group were more than satisfied.  I will have to bring my family here sometime soon!  Yummy.
3	We were going to be just two this year for Thanksgiving and having had an amazing experience at BLT a few years ago, we thought we'd try eating out again. We reviewed the menus of several restaurants and chose The Liberty - the menu sounded wonderful and we had been before and enjoyed the food and service.The food did not disappoint. Roasted Pumpkin Gnocchi, Turkey with trimmings, and an amazing Salted Caramel budino for dessert. The issue for me was - this is a special occasion meal. I didn't expect to be in and out in 50 minutes. We had our first course within 5 minutes of arriving, and barely finished when they brought the second. I still had food on my plate when they came to take it away... I held them off. But 2 minutes later, they were back to swap out dinner with dessert. Their Thanksgiving offering was a fixed price of $32. It was a good deal, and the food was amazing. They didn't offer coffee, and due the high speed of service, there wasn't time to consider different beer or wine pairings in between courses.I think this would be good for foodies with a smaller budget and not a lot of time to spend.
1	Like others I saw the sign outside about the "best burgers in Charlotte". But when I saw the house smoked brisket sandwich I could only imagine how much better that would be.  In reality it was the worst brisket I have ever had.  It was as tough as beef jerky.  I didn't want to complain in front of my guest so I just called and asked to speak to a manager and explained the situation. I got a simple apology and no offer for a refund. After I had to ask about it she took my info so someone could call back.  Note to owners Matt and Tom. If there isn't anyone working the joint with that kind of authority or customer service then how in the world would you expect consistent quality food or service.
4	First of all, this would be a solid 5 except that I have yet to have anyone who had not perfected the dismissive, pouty eye roll of a 13 year old girl at the greeter station. It really does cast an initial pall over the evening. Service is not the best, in general.The food, however, is fabulous! I have yet to try something that is not wonderfully crafted with a delightful flavor profile to delight the taste buds from start to finish!  The appetizers are different than the standard fare and I surely appreciate that! Pork 'popcorn' that are fresh, mouth sizzling pork rinds!  Seasonal pickle plates and Devils on Horseback (dates, blue cheese, almonds and bacon) are spectacular!  Entrees are on a well edited menu. There is no so much that you are overwhelmed, but regardless of what you are in the mood for, you'll likely find a good option. Short ribs that are delightfully tender and moist, but not at all mushy. Normally served on a bed of rib sticking mashed potatoes, but I substitute with the sauteed mushrooms. Fish and chips that any Englishman would write home about. Savory bangers and mash. Scottish salmon and, on the word of many dining companions I hear the trout is fabulous, the one thing I won't eat there...or anywhere. My husband considers himself a burger aficionado, he's eaten them around the world...he counts the Pub Burger among the top 10 burgers out there. Brioche bun is grilled, cheese is melted but not too dripping and gooey. Herb aioli is delightfully seasoned and perfectly flavored.  Fries are always crisp and perfectly done.BE SURE TO SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT!And I really advise you look at nothing on the dessert menu and just have them bring a budino for the table.  It is easily enough for 4 people, usually 6.  The trick is to take your spoon and go straight down, all the way to the cookie base, and then pull it back up making sure you have each layer on your spoon. Then sit back and E N J O Y!  It is creamy, salty, sweet, crunchy, smooth...fantastic! Oh yes, oh YES!
4	I made it! I have been driving past and heard so much about the Liberty for two years now, and I finally made it in for lunch the other day.  This place strictly sells burgers - so you had to be in the mood to eat one.  But they have quite a variety of burgers to eat which is nice, from vegetarian to egg to meat on meat.  The atmosphere is very laid back, chill and fun to be in.  Great beer selection as well.
2	Alright so people seem to like this place so my boyfriend and I decided to have lunch before the Panther's game on Saturday. We each got a different burger to share, fried pickles to start and then fries and mac and cheese as sides. We basically order everything with the intentions of sharing lol. The fried pickles were horrendous... seriously the breading was thick and weird and the sauces were hot sauce and a buttermilk blue cheese. I asked for ranch (which is listed on the menu as them having it) but the waitress said they only have the blue cheese or like honey mustard. We could have done without ordering that for sure.  The burgers were burgers and the fries were fries, and the mac and cheese tasted like the homemade kind my mom makes. I love my mom and her mac and cheese reminds me of my childhood but it's nothing special if I'm honest. That is pretty much how we would describe all of their food. It's not bad but it'd definitely not special and it tastes like what you would have at a family cookout. We just weren't impressed for the pricing. Service was lackadaisical but not awful... so I mean essentially our whole experience was meh okay. I feel like the menu could be amazing but it was so lacking in flavor. Pretty much not somewhere we'll be going back to.
