5	While I wasn't brave enough to try exotic concoctions, like the Mac & Cheese slice, the traditional cheese slices were scrumptious.  Great slices and friendly staff.  Great lunchtime bite.
4	This is by far one of the best pizza places I have ever eaten at--hands down!!!  Not only good for those late drunk nights downtown, but also great for a quick lunch Ian's serves pizza by the slice as well as pie and whole.  A MUST try is the Philly Cheese Steak.  I always have room for the Mac & Cheese as well as their BBQ chicken and pineapple pizza.  It's great that they deliver now too!
1	So I went up to Madison this weekend, and was hurrying from one friend meetup to the next, without a chance to really stop somewhere for dinner. Despite my dislike of Ian's, the State St. location was open and convenient and I was hungry. While I liked it better than the Francis location, I was pretty dismayed to find out that they were out of plain cheese and pepperoni. I know that Ian's is known and loved (though I can't imagine why) for their "specialty" pizzas, but come on. I work in a coffee shop. A pizza place being out of cheese pizza is like us running out of coffee.
5	I went to Madison for the first time this weekend, and of course the boy brought me to Ian's to try the mac and cheese pizza. I admit, I was skeptical - I mean, macaroni and cheese on a pizza??? But it was my favorite food of the weekend (and there were a lot of great foods!). No tomato sauce, just lots of cheese (we think ricotta on the bottom, then the mac and cheese, and melted cheddar on the top) and deliciousness. I heard they're opening an Ian's in Chicago, and when they do, I will be first in line for mac and cheese pizza on their opening day!
4	All in all its just fun pizza.
5	For those who seek irregular and adventurous pie concoctions this is the place to go.  Always with an array of choices Ian's will cater to those seeking something basic and those looking to pile as much potato, green onions, barbecue sauce, and bacon on as possible. A bit better value than area rival Casa de Roma, and feeling design-decor cleaner as well as sanitary cleaner, the pizza to pizza comparison seems Ian's is a bit heavier filling and more exotic whereas Casa de Roma is more New Yorkesque whose specialties extend to safer choices like spinach and feta.  I suppose, if the latter is your preference than it should be your destination.  But, for those looking to pile it on and enjoy the flavors and variety Ian's dominates.My one complaint would be the State Street location could use more tables in the secondary room as there is much wasted space in the center of the room and the place is frequently full during lunches and late nights.Side note: For added complimentary value they now have available bottles of ranch, bbq, and hot sauce for all your dipping needs.  And fyi they offer a 20 inch monster cheese pie on weekend late nights for only 10 dollars!  It just keeps getting better and better.
5	All of the slices here are delicious, from the Philly Cheese Steak to the Guacamole Burrito.Definitely the best pizza in Mad-Town.If you ever have an opportunity to try the Gyro Pizza here, do it.  It is pretty much the greatest slice of pizza on Earth.
5	PhenomenalllllllllllI mean to get that mouth-watering piece of pie at 2 am right off the Capitol is bliss!This is a Madison landmark....even if u r usually not out drinking until the wee hours of morning....u have to visit this place if u live in madison....i would stand by their Barbecue steak and fries or the Philly cheese steak....try the Mac'n'Cheese if u feel especially adventurous!
4	I'm always enticed by the wide variety of Ian's specialty pizzas, and I've never been let down.  On top of that, their traditional pizzas (pepperoni, sausage, you know, the standards) are spot on as well.  I've only ever by the slice at Ian's, but you can also order an entire pie.While the pizza is great, the staff is fantastic.  They're always very friendly and willing to tell you what is on each of the specialty pizzas.Ian's is great for lunch after the farmer's market, and even better after an evening at a bar on the square or along State St.  I'm reluctant to give Ian's 5 stars only because, based on taste, I prefer Roman Candle.  But for the environment and speed of service, Ian's is 5 stars!
5	This is a good as thin crust pizza gets in the Midwest and you know it. Maybe a New Yorker would not be as impressed, but as for us corn-landers, the crisp crust, high quality ingredients and playfulness played out on a pie is all we can ask for. Did you know that if you want a particular slice, if you call ahead they'll make a whole pie of it just so there's a piece for you? We do that with the kalamata mozzarella slice.I do have to note that 3 out of 3 times I have had Ian's delivered, it arrived undercooked and cold. We learned our lesson and just don't do that anymore.
4	I feel totally confident giving Ian's 5 stars since I have eaten there when I was sober - seriously.  I never had a bad bite there - and there is great people watching after bar time, of course.  I've never had delivery, but it's always a good time in there.  Gotta have that mac 'n cheese slice!
3	Stopped in here for an afternoon slice + a salad last weekend. The crust on the pizza was good, and the price was right. The service was great, too, as the guys behind the counter were quick + thorough, but remained polite.No complaints, really.
5	I give this place 5 stars simply because of the mac and cheese pizza.The rest of the pizzas are good, but the reason why this place deserves a line out the door is the mac and cheese pizza.At first it really weirded me out.  In fact I didn't even order one and simply bummed bites from other people.  Now that I have actually experienced the magic first hand, I will be making a return visit at some point in the future and will be sure to order the infamous mac and cheese pizza.I hear this guy Ian, or someone he knows runs a pizza place in Minneapolis.  Hopefully they have the mac and cheese pizza as well.  But for some reason, I don't expect it to taste quite as good as it did in Madison.  Wisconsin is the dairy state after all.
4	A fantastic option for a slice on the main drag of downtown Madison.  I stopped in rather late on a Thursday night with a group of co-workers and was pleasantly surprised to find many interesting topping options....such as macaroni and cheese pizza?  Who knew?  I wasn't feeling quite adventurous enough to try it this time around, but I am told it makes quite the after-drinking nosh.I settled for a slice of pepperoni and mushroom and a drink, all for $4.50.  The slice was enormous, plenty for a late dinner (pre-drinking meal) and the crust was perfection.  They don't skimp on the cheese and the sauc is nummy too.  I got to try a couple of bites of the more exotic slices my co-workers got, such as chicken cordon bleu pizza and pesto pizza.  Plenty of options for vegetarians too.I'd highly recommend this place for a cheap but delicious slice.  You'll have a hard time choosing your toppings....but that just means you'll have to go back again and again to try more!  I know next time I'm in Madison, I'll be back.
5	My favorite pizza in Madison, hands down. I have fond memories of eating all my angsty "Woe is me" college feelings at this place (freshman 15? try junior 32). I know a lot of college kids stumble in here drunk and/or high at 1 in the morning (I certainly did on more than one occasion). Late-night noshes are strangely hard to come by in Madison and this place puts the other ones to shame (Casa Bianca: I'm talking to you!).I have tried many a time to recreate the magic of an Ian's pizza with semi-disastrous results. All my fave foods atop another of my favorite foods?!! How hard can it be? Mac n' cheese, lasagna, steak and fries...they all ended up looking (and kinda tasting) like a pool of vomit. I usually prefer mom & pop type operations like this to stay small and local. But I'm totally not-so-secretly hoping Ian's venture takes off and a franchise pops up in the Bay Area. That way I can stop pestering my Madison friends to bring Ian's pizza when they come to visit. It just doesn't travel well.
5	Creative combinations but good old cheese-by-the-slice is top quality, and that is what I am concerned with.
4	Ian's was a sight for sore eyes for me after a LONG day in Madison visiting my brother at UW that stated with tailgating, then Badger football, more post-tailgating, and then a mini pub crawl.It was obviously crowded when our posse rolled in during the wee hours of the morning, but the line moved quick, as the staff is probably used to this type of crowd every weekend. I *believe* I had the BBQ Chicken Pineapple slice, which was huge and rivaled the personal sized deep dish I had in Chicago two days earlier. Like all food I eat early on a weekend morning, it was mind blowing delicious!The next time I am visiting Madison, Ian's will be on my food agenda, and this time it will be during the daylight (as well as going in the wee morning hours - obviously). A true Madison institution.
4	Macaroni and cheese pizza?!?!  what is this, wisconsin's mardi gras?Although I had tunnel vision for a slice of the carb monster, the rest of their pizzas looked pretty darn good.  All for a great deal, too.We sat out on a stoop outside and chowed down. It was yummy, but too filling to finish. well, duh. I guess I asked for it. sigh. moderation, emoh yeah and go bucky!
4	Mac'n'cheese PIZZA and biodegradable takeout boxes. 'Nuf said.
3	Ordered the hamburger and fries pizza by mistake --it wasn't bad!!!  Great place to just grab a quick bite and hang out on the street.
4	Best pizza in Madison and some of the best I've ever had. Hard to not love this place.
4	Good quality, creative pizzas.  Know what you want, though. I had the mac-n-cheese because of all the hype.  It was the best mac-n-cheese pizza I've ever had (and the only).  But halfway through I found myself wanting the steak-n-fries pizza or something with greens and more contrasting flavors. Next time, I'll know--order the pizza with the ingredients I want.
3	Ok, I understand the concept - throw anything you can from a sandwich or pasta dish on a pizza crust and wa la! Ian's pizzas. Honestly, I wouldn't even really call it inventive - it was almost like one of the owners were at their neighborhood Portillo's and thought, "I can throw all of this stuff on a pizza crust!" If that's what really happened, we should all be kicking ourselves in the ass for that one.It's kinda the same as Cici's Pizza Buffet except with more inventive flavors and better quality (for $5 I'd still go with Cici's!). However, it's much closer to drunken pizza than gourmet. Thus, the 2:30am close time. We had a BBQ Chicken pizza, Breaded Chicken Alfredo pizza, Philly Cheesesteak pizza and a Pesto Alfredo pizza. All, from the sound of the flavors, screamed delicious. Unfortunately, all of them lacked flavor except for the the BBQ Chicken pizza. It was pretty decent.Overall, definitely go after the bars for Ian's and hit up Pizzeria Uno's down the street for dinner instead.
5	I love this place, both as a pizza place on it's own and compared to the Frances Street Ians. It isn't even close to the chaos of the other Ians, even at bartime, yet somehow supports a pizza selection that is just as big PLUS salads and more to drink. Also, the separate seating area with large booths make this a great place to eat for lunch, dinner, or bartime- cheap, fast, and easy environment that is very consistent.
2	I first experienced Ian's at the Chicago location.  Now granted the alcohol may have created a biased opinion, but after realizing there was an Ian's in Madison, I was immediately enthused.  The idea of putting delicious dishes onto pizza which is almost always delicious in and of itself is mind boggling for sure.Upon our arrival, we ordered 4 differnt slices to share and sample.  We took our treasures nearby lakeside to watch the sunset over bbq chicken, pesto alfredo, philly cheesesteak, and some other flavor I can't recall.  If it weren't for the scenery, the whole experience was wholly disappointing.  All four flavors were lacking in well, flavor.  The bbq chicken was the only decent of the four and the pesto was a far second.  Overall, it was quite the disappointment.I don't recommend eating at Ian's unless you've had a few, but I do encourage you to stray half a mile near the school's campus to partake in the live music and summer scene.
4	They have great Mac & Cheese pizza and that toatlly got me hooked! This is a must go place anytime you are in Madison and they are open late. Plus there is plenty of seating indoor and out. Go there and have a great plizza slice experience!!!
5	I'm sort of a junk food connoisseur, and Ians has long been one of my three favorite pizzerias in the whole US. (Sharing the dais with Chicago Pizza & Oven Grinder and Two Boots.) I used to live down the street back in summer '03, and I probably ate here twice a week. I tried everything, and it was almost always amazing. PROTIP: Save your crust for the end, then apply equal parts honey and Frank's Hot Sauce. If it wasn't for the bite marks, you could probably turn around sell this at a fancy Mediterranean bakery for $$$.
5	A must-hit when I come to Madison. Lived on the mac and cheese pizza in college. So fun after the bars close, long line of drunks having a good time and chowing down. The selection of pizzas are phenomenal and the slices are huge and delicious.
4	In town for a conference, super hungry, looking for quick maddy bite. I yelped this place and apparently mac n cheese pizza is their creation so I had to try! They had soooo many interesting/yummy looking pies it was super hard to choose from. Two guys behind the counter tried to help quell my indecisiveness- they were basically like if you have never tried the mac n cheese- then get that. So I did and I dipped it in their homemade ranch and it was delish. If I were a maddy resident, I would def stop in for a slice on the reg. Thanks Ian's! Open a store in SF :)
5	I drove across town on a hot tip from my brother.  He said I had to at least get a slice of mac-n-cheese pizza, but that I should also try others.  On my first trip, I had the mac-n-cheese and the specialty BBQ pulled pork.  Both of these slices were just down right delicious!  The thin crust was crispy and the toppings were abundant.  The second time I went, I had the Chicken cordon blue and a chicken penne pasta... both delightful slices.  When I had to opportunity to go with my brother, he said that he chooses his pizza by picking the most colorful pie.  I found that to be unique and helpful advice.  They have 10oz plastic cups and a water dispenser for free beverage.  They also offer other drinks from the cooler.  I enjoyed seeing the sign that bragged about the biodegradable pizza boxes.  Truly a unique pizza joint.
4	Ian's is a great pizza joint. Its like a cheap version of California Pizza Kitchen, only with good pizza. The place is famous for its mac n' cheese pizza, but the best pizza is the steak and fries pizza. Don't be fooled into thinking that this place is just drunk guy food... this place is great all the time.
5	I've had pizza all over the country but the mac n' cheese pizza here is the only one I dream about still, I can't even try the other stuff they have cause I love it so much. I have to sleep on a pillow of tissues just to absorb the tears at night since I'm no longer in Madison. They definitely have a secret ingredient in there that makes it so good - I think it's love.
3	Everyone loves Ian's. I use to love it, too, but it gets old. I prefer the State Street location to Francis Street. At bar time, the Francis location can have a line out the door and down the block. Some people think it's worth the wait. I'm not one of them.I'll only eat at State Street because of the salad. They make it right in front of you and they have fresh, local ingredients. My mom loves the mac'n'cheese pizza, but I could live without it. I use to really like the spicy chicken taco, but then I ate it too much. Everyone loves Ian's pizza and if you're visiting, I guess it's a place to try, but it's not one of my favorites.
2	Before I begin to get hate mail I want to stress that this is my opinion!I get the concept and understand that some people just love Ian's Pizza and the many variety of pizza from Mac & Cheese, to Quesadilla, to BBQ Cheeseburger or whatever that was.  They have found what works for them but it is not for me.We had Ian's at our monthly office Pizza lunch and honestly it does nothing for me at all.  I sampled almost all of the exotic pizzas as well as the standard sausage and pepperoni pizza and...nope.  No zing or "this is an amazing pizza" feeling/taste.  I guess the pizza just lacks the flavor I am looking for in a Pizza.
3	Madison, Wisconsin is a miniature version of Chicago. It has the biggest party school in the University of Wisconsin system (UW-Madison), and it is a generally liberal community.Needless to say, it has plenty of fine dining establishments. Many of which are open late to cater to drunken college students looking for something tasty in the witching hour.Ian's pizza does just that, but it is (almost) equally delicious while completely sober.With extra-large slices, interesting options (pesto, tomato and mozzarella pizza and mac 'n cheese pizza), and killer service, they are a necessary stop for anyone heading to Madison.
5	I have dreams about this pizza...seriously... Some of my favorites include: mac n' cheese, quesadilla/mexican/not sure what it is called but it is AMAZING, steak and fries, chicken pesto, and so much more I just can't think of it right now...mmmmhhmmmmmm Ian's, if there was no such thing as obesity and heart disease, I would be exclusively yours ;)
5	Defines Madison's A-bar quick eats.  Unique food that tastes good for a cheap price!
4	Loved the variety of pizza and variety of beverages, and the prices were just right. Staff was super friendly and helpful.
3	Pizza is good.  Mac and cheese pizza is awesome, as is the buffalo chicken.  I just wish it was fresher and actually hot when you got it.  They pop the piece into the oven to reheat each slice, but I swear my pizza has NEVER actually been "hot."  The creativity and taste of the pies make up for it, but by the slice it's just not rave-worthy.  Get a whole pie, however, and it's a whole different story....salads look pretty good too.
3	I know a lot of people who don't care for Ian's--but I'm not one of them and I'll explain why.Ian's can do pizza the way most people are used to: marinara sauce, shredded mozzarella, traditional toppings like pepperoni, sausage, black olives--you know how it goes.Or it can do pizza the way pizza was meant to be done: excitingly, exotic, and experimentally. My personal favorite pizza is the Smokey and the Bandit which has BBQ sauce, potatoes, chicken, and ranch dressing. Most of my friends hate this idea, but it is honest to god the best and only pizza I get when I have pizza cravings during finals. But there's also other gems that make Ian's worth a shot: Steak and Fries is solid, and while you're in Madison, the Mac and Cheese is a MUST!The crust has been criticized by people I know for being too plain, and maybe that is true--but I have no problem with it. The real star of the pizza is the topping and the flavorings, the crust is just a vehicle as far as I'm concerned.But Ian's has other things than pizza that I love: a friendly staff and delectable, melt-in-your-mouth brownies. And for that, Ian's is one of my Madison favorites.
5	Never disappointed in the crazy pizza concoctions here. I once stood in line for 10 minutes to get a slice. The service is spotty as there are so many different people here all the time, but I have only had two rude servers, mostly it does take a minute to order as you don't know which neato thing you want and they wanted to rush me, but usually it's a pretty nice person and it goes well (with over 50 trips to a place there are bound to be some off visits right?).
5	The Ian's on State Street is a great place to get a slice, or two. I have to admit that I haven't had the "full" Ian's experience - haven't been there around bar closing time, or ordered a whole pizza, or visited the Ian's on Frances - but I still think overall their pizza is as good as anyone else's in Madison. They get a lot of attention for the mac and cheese pizza, and rightfully so: it's phenomenal. The crust on their pizza is also better than you'll find in most places.  Ignore the few Ian's haters mixed in here and give this place a try sometime when you're wandering around State St. or the Capitol. Chances are you'll go back ...
4	Several boots and half-remembered shots later, we decided to head over to State Street for a bit, and ultimately found ourselves at Ian's Pizza for some late-night pie. We got in line, which actually moved fairly quickly through the modern space, and observed the other patrons enjoying amazing slices of pizza. When we made it to the front, I had a momentary panic trying to choose the perfect slice while not holding up the line. Instead of trying to decide, I finally just ordered all three I was torn between when two would have been sufficient: the Mac 'n Cheese, the Steak and Fries, and the Buffalo Chicken. But even then, at $3.50 a pop for the specialty slices, you're not exactly breaking the bank.The Mac 'n Cheese is justly famous, and the cheesy, carby overload was the perfect grub after a night on the town. The BBQ Steak and Fries was like Sunday dinner on a slice, and the Buffalo Chicken was an eye-opener with that kick from the Buffalo sauce and the tart bleu cheese on top. And regardless what pizza you get, the crust is fantastic, crispy on the outside yet soft inside the ring.Late-night on State Street can get a bit hazy, but just look for that iconic Ian's logo - the one with the headphones.
5	Great for a quick slice for lunch during the work day or for a late-night, post-bar snack.
5	Great pizza, friendly staff, quick service and they go out of their way to use local and organic ingredients!! Locally owned too!!
3	can i admit something to you?i was more impressed with their build-your-own salad than their famous mac-n-cheese pizza.do you still love me?but i am still definitely eager to try their other weird specialty slices.
5	$3 for a slice of amazing, thin crust pizza! I loved this place! As soon as we walked in the employee greeted us and told us about the different kinds of pizzas. Some are very normal (cheese and pepperoni, for example) while others are much more exotic (i.e. the mac and cheese pizza). I ordered the tomato, basil, mozzarella, which was fantastic!!!  I enjoyed every bite. Will be back!
5	Although this pizza is fabulous any time of day, it could not taste any better at bar time, nor could the employees be any more forgiving of drunken antics. They know what they signed up for when they decided to stay open past bar time in downtown Madison, and so they are always friendly, and the place is always clean - even the single bathrooms!I like the constant changing of pizza varieties, but also that certain kinds are always available for those who don't do well with change.The $3 you pay for a slice definitely is worth the generous sized slices, and they do not skimp on toppings.Super good pizza to grab on the go or to stay and chillax.
5	MUST UPGRADE REVIEW TO FIVE STARS FOR IAN'S PIZZA AND THEIR HEROIC SUPPORT OF WISCONSIN PROTESTERS.Arrived at about 1:30 AM and was pleasantly surprised by the absence of any line. Tried the macaroni and cheese slice, as well as a sausage and pepperoni slice. Both were good, but the macaroni and cheese slice was extra special -- although be prepared for a rich mix of cheeses if your stomach is not in top shape after consuming adult beverages.The self-service water fountain was a nice feature, as was the plentiful seating. For a busy pizza shop on a college street loaded with bars, the restaurant was nice and clean, too.
4	Macaroni and cheese pizza? cheeseburger pizza? Yes please!Ian's is awesome. They do a fabulous job catering to the college students, and serve up some mean slices late at night!The staff is really accommodating to clearly enumerated students as well, and this is always appreciated. Slices are big too, which is great!!!
5	mac-n-cheese pizza !? never heard of it , and never had it before going here. and I do not even like mac-n-cheese. I am just a tourist and hey ,why not try!? , a lot of carbs, sure, I will think about that tomorrow...., I am glad I did try. It is actually quite good!! I also had a slice of something called Smoky ?? pizza. ( basically , it is  grilled chicken, bacon, pineapple, and BBQ sauce at the buttom.) I thought it was alregiht, becasue too much BBQ sauce on it.  I bet my HB will love it a lot! Bunch of meat in it.This is a place that you may have creative pizza!
5	Best pizza by the slice with a variety of flavors
5	Best pizza in Madison.  Not your traditional style pizza but don't worry they always have plenty of plain cheese slices available.  Ian and his entire staff are the nicest people in the world.  They always use really fresh and local ingredients for the pizza too.  Service is quick, delivery is reliable and the pizza is awesome.  Favorites are chicken penne alfredo, mac and cheese (their top seller) and steak & fries.  Don't be afraid that the slices don't sound appealing.  I promise if you try it you will like it.  The prices are reasonable and they're open late too.  Best thing to happen to Madison along with the Kohl Center.
5	Five stars for providing a channel for international support during the pro-labor protests of 2011.Twitter: @IansonState
4	Great place for a slice that is unlike anything you'll get elsewhere. I'm from Chicago and we have Ian's there as well, so I knew what I was getting into when I stopped in here for a slice. Just wild toppings and a great place. Although I didn't go to UW--I'm sure the college kids are fond of it too after hitting up the bars. Ahhh, the good ol days of bar hopping at a Big Ten institution.
5	Thank you, Ian's.  Thank you for the slices and the solidarity.  Thank you for providing people from around the world (Antarctica!) with an easy and accessible way to connect with the people in Madison.
3	Being from Chicago I thought the pizza was totally weak compared to what I'm used to. But I think it is awesome that they supported the protesters and that they delivered late at night right to my hotel room.
3	This is a good place to come when you're drunk and hungry. And don't mind a crowd of other drunk, hungry and obnoxious college kids...and the occasional bum. The pizza is pretty good...nothing special but most pizza tastes great when you're buzzed! :) The tomato-pesto is good!Also it's super awesome that they provided pizza for the protesters at the Capitol!
5	Ians is the most quintessential place in Madison.  A must for all visitors.  Its not just pizza, but pizza with a spice.  Big thin crust slices, and you will not find your ordinary flavors here.  Go with the classic mac and cheese!
4	Casual spot for creative and delicious pizza.  This is great for pre- and post-bar eating, offering up completely unique pizza flavors for a great price.  The night i was there, we got slices of mac and cheese, shepherds pie, lasagna, Philly cheese steak, and avocado/tomato/feta pizza.  You read correctly, those were all in pizza form, even the lasagna, and they tasted great. Don't expect any frills, as the pizza comes out on paper plates and the whole atmosphere is one of relaxed eating.  But honestly, if you're looking to grab some great pizza and have a beer at the same time, why worry about anything else?
4	This reminds me of a place back home... I just wasn't as impressed.  However, I went with the top seller and got the mac-n-cheese, and it was pretty tasty, despite the sound of it.  I added a little hot sauce, and enjoyed that as well.  Long line, but moved quickly.  Decently priced too.
5	Tried Ian's a few weeks back while up on the square finding out what democracy looks like . . . WOW, I am a big fan. They had a bunch of interesting and creative flavors to choose from. I tried the mac n' cheese pizza and a sausage pizza slice - my wife got a pesto chicken slice. We shared and all three were SO good. I have to say the freshness and the crust made all the difference. Perfectly cooked with just a little oven char for flavor. Thin crust but enough strength to hold up. So yummy, I've been hoping to go back again soon. Highly recommend!
4	While visiting a friend in Madison, we decided to get a pizza. It was late and Ian's was open! They delivered to his dorm, and they were pretty much faster then any of the cabs we took that night. I was worried when I ordered the medium because there were 3 hungry people to feed, but my fears were displaced. The pizza was huge. We got a classic (half pepperoni, half cheese) and it was great! I can't wait to try different toppings. I don't think you could go wrong with a pizza from Ian's.
4	The pizza is a bit pricey - but the variety is worth a look. For two slices you are looking around $7. The slices are big, but it sure seems like a lot! I enjoy their pizza, and given the opportunity would get it again. I just wish my pocket book were not so empty after eating here.It might not be so bad if you are only feeding yourself, though. Give the BBQ chicken ranch a try - that's what keeps me coming back.
4	I ate here while on a tour because every damn person we met said we had to come here. Eventually we did and it was good. There were some gutter punks eating a slice on the sidewalk and they fell off their skateboard as they rode away. There was also some weird guy riding a segway and talking on a bluetooth. Both of these things happened while we ate our pizza and they didn't take away from the fact that we enjoyed our pizza.
5	I love Ian's. Since that first magical slice of mac & cheese pizza at some freshman event in Union South nearly ten years ago, it's been a solid go-to for both dinners and late-night stops. Fresh, local ingredients make for tasty pizzas and awesome salads.My personal favorite slice is the Steak & Fry, and if you're a meat-eater I recommend opting for the chicken if you do a build-your-own salad  - it's simply seasoned but done perfectly. Also note that the salads are massive - I opted for the large (I was hungry to the point of headache and wasn't sure the $4 small would cut it) and had enough for three meals.I like the layout of this Ian's location - it lacks the claustrophobia of the Frances location, even on the busiest nights. I used to get a little skeeved out while dining in, as the building formerly housed the adults-only State Street Arcade (hint: you didn't go there to play video games, and the toys were not for children), but now that a few years have passed I no longer fear what may be lurking on the room's surfaces.
4	My favorite pizza in Madison, WI.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aVBFKYoF0AHuusNssaQpJA?select=jRGZL2b1hdZcoZszIcBQRwI could care less if the pizza is pre baked and that the crust is meh. Did you see what was on my pizza?! And yes, that is all it takes to wow me sometimes. So glad I got to have that pizza again after a 5 year hiatus.
3	Holy pizza selection.  This place looks like a mad food scientist designed the menu.  I counted at least 26 types of pie.  I couldn't get a good count, it was busy.  I went the the Mac & Cheese pizza.  You don't see that style often (exactly one time for me) and it's Wisconsin Cheese baby.  Let's just say it wasn't that good.  The crust was flat, with no real texture, and the mac n cheese lacked flavor.I want to like this place, I will try again.
5	Granted we were just visiting a few days but learned Ian's has the best pizza in town!!!
5	I love pizza, and there are a lot of great places to get it in Milwaukee, but somebody PLEASE tell Ian to open a store in Brew City!!!  It is bar none the most fantastic pizza I have ever had (including when I at the original thing in Florence and in Naples, Italy, and of course, going 90 miles south to Chicago).  It's a shame I have to go all the way to Madison to get it.  Forget the crazy stuff, like Ian's Mac and Cheese pizza.  Just go for the classic original pies, which are the best pizzas I've ever eaten.
3	I was a reluctant convert to Ian's.  Cirazy pizzas are not my thing- give me hot, fresh, and yummy any day. Their feta, spinach and tomato pizza is very good, and the rest of my family has their favorites. However, it's their Chicken Caesar salad that puts them above the rest in my book.  I've eaten this salad at dozens of places, and Ian's is among the best. Try it, you'll thank me later.
5	Gawd. Best morning ever. Waking up and realizing you went to Ian's, and there's still some in the fridge.I never go to Madison without stopping at Ian's at least once. Unlike others, I've never been a huge fan of the mac 'n' cheese slices. I'd never turn down a bite, but I rarely order a whole slice of it for myself because I find it less interesting than the other flavors. I do, however, enjoy anything with roasted red peppers, pesto or olive tapenade, plus all the Mexican ones, steak and fries (with BBQ) and the buffalo chicken. There's always a bunch of sauces and sprinkles (cheese and red pepper) to add to your 'za after you get it, so I spend some time there before finding a seat in the restaurant or on the curb outside.It's hard to choose, and my college roomie and I were both into sharing, so we I had a system. We would order three slices between the two of us and then have them cut all of them in half. It was legendary, always getting to try three kinds for the price of one and a half. Highly recommended.This bigger location on State St. seems to run smoothly every time I've been there, and I always get a kick out of the fact that they have Yelp stickers everywhere.For late-night food, Ian's is as good as it gets... anywhere.
4	Really good and an exceptional price! Large salads are huge.
5	$8 gets me 2 slices of amazing pizza and a soda. I'm good with that!The pizza is incredibly tasty, which means Ian's has succeed in being incredibly good. There are lots of unique pizza toppings to try, but you can, of course, go traditional -- I always get pizza with feta, spinach, and tomatoes. YUM!If you order a salad: 1) They make it fresh in front of you with whatever you tell them to put in it; and 2) It's huge.
4	The mac and cheese Pizza was freaking amazing!  The delivery took a while but the wait was worth it.
4	Had a slice of pepperoni and another of some amalgam of mushrooms, feta cheese and some other veggie toppings that was in the viewing area.  They were super greasy, and the crust was tasteless and way too crisp (tasted fried).  They looked better than they tasted, unfortunately.As others have said, I found the selection impressive, but the quality just wasn't that great.  Personally, I'd rather have 'simple and tasty' over 'zany'.  The price is definitely right though - 2 slices and a can of pop for $8 isn't bad at all.I'm willing to give it another shot, though, and try out some other combinations.
3	Meh. I thought this place was overrated. I am from Chicago, so naturally, I am a pizza snob. I tried the infamous mac and cheese pizza, and it was SO boring. The mac and cheese pizza I had the night before at the Great Dane was spectacular. I will admit, that I do like that you can order a slice, and it is a huge slice for only 3.50. Perhaps, next time I will go with what sounds good to me and not what is most popular...
3	I agree with one of the reviewers that they are recognized for their unusual pizza rather than the quality. I've been here only a couple times - and just did this past month.  With a line almost out the door during lunch hour, I thought I'd be pleased with my pizza.  However, the opposite occurred.The mac and cheese wasn't anything spectacular, pretty bland and not cheesy (I mean, no stringy cheese falling down my face with the bite).  I can't remember the name of the pizza I ordered, it had buffalo chicken on it...yikes, it was not good, I think it was sitting around for the whole morning after being made. I would love to give Ian's a good review - but it's all talk and no taste.
3	After a night partying in Madison, this place hits the spot.  The pizza is inventive, but as has been noted previously, not earth-shattering in its quality.  However, this is the only place I've ever had a slice of pizza with steak, fries, and BBQ sauce on it.  That's worth something.
5	This was awesome.  I fed my family of 10 with great pizza and it didn't cost much.  Love the mac and cheese pizza.
5	One of the things I miss most about my old college town, Ian's Pizza.  The cool bars, the good sandwiches and the good vibe of the city are others, but their mac n cheese pizza is right in this list.  Other favorites include the philly cheesteak or the black bean, feta & avacado.Young and hip staff and typical college pizza place decor.  At bar time, the lines can build up, but the waits usually are not too long.  They always have a ton of pies made and just need to heat up your slice and charge you before you stumble back onto state street with your slice in hand.  I think slices are like $3.50 which is just a killer deal!A must stop for me every time I am back in town.
3	Crispy crust!We were on our way to Chicago for the weekend and I got the brilliant idea, "hey, I'm addicted to TV food shows, we need to check out Ian's."  We were in Madison for a concert last spring, but we were in no shape to be visiting Ian's that night, so this was my opportunity.I knew right where it was, but with the Occupy protests (or maybe it was just a regular protest, I have no idea which) and the heavy traffic around the lunch hour, we ended up driving around and finally parked in a ramp.  My travel companion was irritated, so I just kept my mouth shut.We walked in and I just couldn't wait to see what I was going to have.   The conversation went like these -Travel Companion, "how many slices are you going to have."Me, "they are big, just 1.  What about you?"TC, "not sure."I ordered 1 slice of the tomato pesto and 1 slice of the Florentine.TC, "I thought you were only getting 1?"Me, "They all looked good, so I couldn't decide." The ordering system was interesting, 4 orders or so, and then a break for the cooking of the pizza, the 4 more.  I didn't get it at first, but then while I was the first person in group 2 waiting for my food, I appreciated the fact I didn't wait long at all.Travel companion had a Philly cheese steak and a BBQ bacon chicken.Sat down at one of the only empty tables and took a big bite.  Mmm, that is crispy crust!    As I was plowing through both slices I couldn't decide which I preferred.  After the fact, I think it was the Florentine.  I liked the bite of the feta with the tasty tomatoes.I'm not a Badger, but I've had some fun in Madison and this was a great place for a quick tasty and affordable lunch.  4 slices of pizza, 1 can of Diet Mountain Dew and an hour of parking only ran me $16.
3	The pizza was better than my mood.OK, I'll start by saying I was pissed off about getting to this place.  I live in St. Paul and don't know Madison at all.  Here I am trying to find Ian's while attempting to park and avoiding people holding signs.  The whole experience was entirely irritating.  However I tried to not let it impact my enjoyment of the pizza.We walk in after lunch time and it's still kind of busy, so I'm irritated with that.  I don't know the order system and I see the guy taking orders doing everything but.  Again irritated.Now that I'm over that to the pizza.  I ordered the Philly Cheese Steak pizza and a BBQ Chicken Ranch.  When it came it was super hot; too hot to eat.  The Philly had a good mix of cheese and green peppers that made it taste like a cheese steak.  I liked that one.  The BBQ chicken was good, but not remarkable.  It tasted like most other  BBQ chicken pizzas I've had.  Both pizzas had a nice crispy crust on the bottom, I like that.  The ends were a little too much.  I normally eat the whole piece of pizza, this time I skipped the ends.I think this place would be great after being at the bar and needing to have something in your stomach the next day.
5	Awesome pizza and delivers to the concourse.  Nice clean place to go to as well
5	Ian's mac and cheese pizza was a late night staple of mine at bar time in college. So many different slices to choose from! They have some very original pizza toppings as well as the classics. They also deliver which is great for lazy evenings with friends. Whole pies can get a little pricey when your order with specialty toppings but it is so good that it's worth it!
5	This place is heaven on earth!!!  It's like the coolest best pizza in town type of place! So we randomly stopped a guy on the street and asked where we should go and eat as we are visiting and wanted something different. He told us that Ian's is where we should go and we took his word and found Ian's and thank God we did!Amazingly different pizzas with the perfect topping that should be on a pizza. I mean, who can go wrong with Mac and cheese pizza, taco pizza or steak fries with ranch dressing pizza. Really... The best pizza ever! The place is nice and clean. They make fresh pizzas all day long so they have something different a few times a day. The staff is super friendly and they take the time out to explain what types of pizzas they have and so on. All the pizza are tasty and done just right.I can't wait to go back and try their other pizzas.A side note - so they have different special pizzas ever week so there is always something off the wall different to try!
4	Wow, Ian's ranks with the best pizza I've had in Florence, Rome, Boston, and San Francisco. The crust is perfectly chewy, thin, with a hint of sourdough. I'm fairly picky about pizza crust, and Ian's crust is amazing. Toppings range from the fairly traditional to the quirky. Open late. Atmosphere is very much a college hangout--fun in a very casual kind of way. Definitely on my list to come back on my next visit to Madison.
5	Ian's pizza was my late night food after the bars for many years in college. Now that I moved, I realize what an amazing place this was! I miss the steak fry pizza and the Hawaiian pizza and the BBQ chicken pizza. I think this is what has contributed to many too drunk nights in the city that I live in now, all due to the lack of Ian's pizza to lure me into eating something. I think Ian's should go nationwide and that everyone will benefit from it's amazing pizza.
4	I love Ian's Pizza.  I am a vegetarian, and they always have many options from which to choose.  Even with the options, I keep coming back to the cheese slice.  Cover it in hot sauce and you have an addictive combination.  Some people can be a little "meh" on the mac and cheese pizza, which I understand.  It is carbs on carbs with cream sauce.  However, I still love a warm slice with a little hot sauce.The real unsung hero of Ian's is the salad bar.  Delicious ingredients made your way.  I do have to say, though, that the low-fat dressing selection can be a bit limited. Its cheap, big, original, and not greasy.  What more could you ask for?  Service can range from rockstar to lame.  You order at the counter, so it isn't that important.The atmosphere is casual.  The restaurant has always been remarkably clean for a fast food place.
5	Awesome late night pizza! Friendly staff, and quick service.Lots of creative toppings, and nothing is skimped.I had the gyro pizza and I think some sortof salad pizza. Both were great!I opted out of the mac and cheese, I need to leave that for next time.I just wish I stopped by Moes across the street before eating the slices to try duff beer.
5	I mean, like seriously, Ian's. If you haven't been here, you're missing an institution. Everyone in Madison loves this place.It's not the best pizza I've ever had, but here's the deal... It's the place to be at 2-3am in Madison, Wisconsin. People watching was invented here. The employees are super chill and very inviting. Their pizza variety is second to none - they of course have some of the most unique varieties known to man. Their weekly special flavors are awesome - I wish they didn't stop serving them at 8pm.
2	Ian's pizza is bland.  The crust is bland.  The cheese is bland.  The ingredients are bland.  Even the macaroni and cheese is bland.  You'd think they'd mix it up when it comes to the toppings, but no-- always the same old pizzas.Oh, they also have an incredibly annoying sign: "Our napkins are made from recycled materials.  Please take only as many as you need."Oh really?  I was really considering taking three or four hundred napkins before  I saw that.  Thanks for the helpful reminder, Ian's.  Now why don't you throw out another buffalo chicken pizza that tastes exactly like the spinach pesto which tastes exactly like the portobello which tastes exactly like...
1	Crappy pizza, poor preparation, lousy ingredients.  Would you feed this junk to your kids? I think not.
3	"Oh my god, I can't believe we walked all the way down here. There was an Ian's right across the street from Wando's. WAHWAHWAH.""Would you like some whine with that cheese?" "Actually.. just some MAC and cheese...on my pizza please!"Nothing can beat the Cheeseboard pizza from back at home (if you've never heard of the Cheeseboard Co-op in Berkeley California, go look it up, right now!)...but after knocking back a few drinks down the street, Ian's pizza tastes pretty damn good.  I love the crust, but I am not particularly fond of the toppings...I think it mostly has to do with the fact that I'm limited to the vegetarian-friendly options, which basically consists of the pasta pizzas. Seriously, CARB GALORE. Ian's is one of those places that you HAVE to try at least once in Madison. I mean, where else are you going to find fritos baked into your pizza?! Once you try it though, the novelty wears off... Still, that doesn't mean that you won't find me there at midnight on a Friday stuffing my face...
3	3 stars when sober and 5 at bar time. Their selection of crazy pizzas is great and the new salad bar looked amazing. I prefer the lasagna pizza from Pizza De Roma but Ian's is a close second and always a crowd pleaser.
1	If you're craving Italian flavors, don't bother with Ian's.  After all, when will the novelty of mac-and-cheese pizza wear off and people realize that the stuff is just as bland on a crust as it is out of the box and in your bowl?  And Chicago hot dog pizza?  Really?  The vast majority of other offerings involve either steak or chicken; if I was in the mood for such, I'd hunt down a Mexican joint and enjoy my meal 10X more.The store on State has become much more disorganized in the last two years, as well.  At my last visit, the counter kid stared at me for a couple of seconds (as if it was MY job to welcome him)--and then, instead of asking for my order, he continued to fondle two empty paper plates in his hands like they were a coed's breasts.  I couldn't tell if he was obscene, clueless, or just plain rude.  The visit before that, the cashier abandoned me before I could pay, in order to spend 10 making a salad for and flirting with a giggling ditz.  I guess this is what happens when you hire hormonal children to run your shop.If you want a tasty pizza with a New York-style crust and traditional flavors, I recommend getting delivery from Supreme Pizza on East Johnson.  Supreme can also make custom slices for walk-ins in the same time it takes Ian's to reheat a slice from their display counter (and after all, how long has that mustard-streaked hot dog pizza been sitting out?).
4	Pizza is the best. Always get a slice of Mac and cheese! Staff is friendly but don't be surprised to see a slew of drunk college kids.  It's the too go pizza place to grab a slice if you're having a late night or just really really hungry.
2	Wow, I don't normally give 2 stars but given all the hype, I was disappointed.Being new to Madison, people kept telling me that Ian's makes some of the best pizza in town. I tried Glass Nickel and thought it was decent, so I expected Ian's to be amazing.If you're looking for novelty pizzas, then this is a place to check out. Mac and cheese pizza, chicken alfredo pizza, barbeque pizza. I tried the portabella pizza and it was ok. It didn't have a ton of flavor, pretty greasy, the sauce was almost nonexistent, and the crust was meh. My roommate seemed to like her mac and cheese pizza. I tried a bite and it was ok. Next time I have a craving for pizza, I'll try somewhere else.
3	Ian's is okay.  I mean, I like the crust, and the toppings are good, but it just doesn't knock you out delicious-wise.  I can see it would be great fun for a post-bar stop if you're quasi-drunk, but that's not about tasty food.  I haven't tried the local ice cream they carry.  I want to, but just haven't (quite) justified spending so much for an entire pint, which is more than I'd want to eat.  Soon.
4	Ohh man is this place great or what? Their selection of pizza is amazing. Buffalo chicken, Mac N' Cheese, BBQ Chicken Pineapple, Chicken pesto... you name it, they'll have it.  Also, they're open till 2:30am, which basically labels it as drunk food haven for college students and young people alike. And hopefully by that time, you'll be too drunk to worry about all the calories you're consuming.
3	I used to LOVE Ian's - it was the greatest pizza I had ever had. Lately, it has been OK. It seems to me that either they started slacking, or my taste buds got too used to the taste.The best and my all-time time favorite kind is avocado, black bean, feta, but they hardly ever offer it. I like that they have a ton of vegetarian optons, but the majority I've tried doesn't really stand out. I have never had their meat specialties so I can't comment on those.One thing I have to compliment on is their salads - they are truly wonderful with a very wide variety of toppings and home-made dressing.Produce is always fresh and often from the local farmers' market.
3	I have lived in Madison for FAR too long to have never been to Ian's. I've been hearing about the mac and cheese pizza and felt like I was missing out.I should have listened to all the reviews here on Yelp(...duh). The carby concoction is basically a local icon, and I HAD to try it--despite the lackluster response from other Yelpers.  But, everyone is right. It's lacking flavor, and isn't really...well, good. The crust is great, though. Chewy, and just the right thickness. I also tried the slice with tomato, feta, and spinach. Good, but not amazing. I wouldn't say no if I was on State and someone wanted to stop, but next time it's a salad(which all looked yummy), and a classic slice.
3	I love their new location on State! It's clean and the decor is bright and welcoming.
4	I rarely go to Madison without going to Ian's.  Between the Mac 'n' Cheese pizza and the BBQ Chicken Pineapple slice, my day is made when I eat dinner here.  The staff is pleasant and efficient, and there's lots of seating for big or small groups.  Nice soda options available, including Sprecher -- which is always great to show off to visiting out-of-staters.
4	If you compare the pizza in Madison with the pizza from Chicago or New York, Ian's would receive 3 stars max. But for a Madison-based pizzeria, I'll generously give it 4 stars (seriously though, isn't Wisconsin the state of cheese?). I appreciate Ian's multitude of specialty selections. My favorites are the bbq steak and fries and the philly cheese steak pizza. I'm not a fan of their macaroni and cheese pizza, but a lot my friends apparently love it. Give it a shot if you're curious.Ian's is usually open pretty late, so after most people are done with their alcohol intake, this place becomes quite packed. But even so, the lines move pretty quickly.If you want good pizza in Madison, Ian's is where it's at.
5	Just can't get enough of this place! I love that everytime I go, I always have a different slice. Never repeated yet! Love the flavor combo's! Ian's Fan for life!!
5	One of my favorite pizza places in Madison. The prices have gone up since I've been a student but the pizza has only gotten more delicious.They have your mundane cheese, sausage, and pepperoni of course. But for the more adventurous, they have the best Mac and cheese pizza. My personal favorite is the Philly cheese steak pizza. They are always coming up with new ones too, Hamburger pizza, taco, spicy chicken, steak and fries, etc...Great for lunch, dinner, or bar time!
4	Ok - so I did it.  I tried Ian's Pizza.  You know what?  It was great.  I was not drunk but definitely tipsy.  Therefore, you can believe that I actually liked the pizza.  I really wanted something meaty and cheese so I went with the  pepperoni and sausage.  It was a bit greasy but nothing terrible.  Definitely late night food.  I wanted an order or breadstick but apparently because they burned all of them, there were none for sale.  Sad.  Very sad.  I really wanted to try them, but c'est la vie.  I will be back again!  My husband got their famous Mac and Cheese pizza.  I did not think it looked that great.  He convinced me to try a bite.  And...WOW!  WHAT?  YES!  It is really good.  I could not believe.  I am a non-believing naysayer.  I ate my words and wish I could eat more of that pizza.  I will go again but there better be breadsticks this time.  Oh-boo, what am I saying?  I will go either way!
4	Mmmmm, delicious and giant slices of cheesy goodness.Hello Ian's! We're going to be great friends.I absolutely had to get my hands around a mac n' cheese pizza slice when I heard about it. Come on! How Wisco is that?The slice is popped in the oven, and after a few minutes you'll have a steaming slice of wonderfulness.  The crust was light and had a good texture that makes you want to munch on the crust all day long. The mac was such a perfect vessel for the ooey gooey cheese to melt itself in. From hand to mouth, this slice was like stepping into the childhood I wish I had.  A bit greasy from the cheese, but I was never a girl to be afraid of a little grease. Pro tip: drop some hot sauce up in thurr for an insane kick.  One of the best aspects of Ians is that the featured pizzas change EVERY MONTH. Srsly, go on their site and just take a gander at the different offerings. Personally, I'm looking forward to the chipotle pork and beans 'za coming out July.  Come to Ian's. These flavas go "pow!" in your mouth like the winning punch of a boxing match. "Ding ding ding ding!" That's a winner.
5	Something I'd never thought I'd say about this pizza vs. Chicago pizza - it's better.  WAY better.I had just gotten back from a trip to Chicago, and while I was there, I went on a pizza tour, thus getting to sample many different types of pizza.  And yes, this little place in Madison, WI was BETTER.  Than ALL of them.Maybe it had to do with the "unusual" toppings, the huge selection, the friendly service... but whatever it was, it almost made me wish I lived in Madison so I could eat here more often.  Almost.  I live in San Diego, and Madison is just too damn cold for this SoCal native.But anyway, the pizza.  After agonizing for several minutes about which slices to try, my friend and I split the mac & cheese pizza (her recommendation, as she lives in Madison and has been here several times) and something delicious with BBQ sauce, pulled pork, corn, and cheddar.  Both were amazing.  I couldn't decide which I liked better because they were so different.I will definitely come back here when I visit Madison again... but not in April.  TOO COLD!!!  Brrr.
4	A few years ago, I found myself in Madison for the first time not to check out UW-Madison's grad school or to go on a tour of the state capitol building. I went to Madison to protest Scott Walker and my collective bargaining rights as a future educator. After several hours, I got hungry. We all got hungry. Word on the street was that there was a place called "Ian's Pizza" that was ready to help us in our time of need. I walked down the street and saw a long line that was moving fast. Ian's was doling out pizzas FOR FREE only for people who had been protesting. Firefighters, teachers, UW-Madison students, you name it. Ian's was happy to nourish us! As far as I was concerned, this is the best possible customer service you can get. The pizza was oily and a little floppy. I opted for plain cheese. At the time, they were probably in a crazy frenzy trying to feed all these people for free as fast as possible, so I feel like I can't pass official judgment on the place based on this one experience. 5 stars for supporting hungry protesters, 3 stars for the actual pizza. Ian's has a warm place in my heart!
4	good thin crust pizza, price is not bad either
3	I know.... Everyone LOVES Ians.  For me they're little better than OK.  I wait in line with no guarantee of getting a seat and they reheat my slice and the crust gets too hard to cut with their cheap plastic knives.  I just don't see the appeal.
5	Oh Ian's Pizza how I wish you lived near me... oh who am I kidding... how I wish I lived near YOU.  I can only speak for the kalamata mozzarella slice and it was mother frickin' frackin' delicious.  That is a damn 5 star slice o' pizza.  So good.  So amazingly good.  I could eat a slice every day good.  Oh right, I had a bite of a mushroom something or other pizza - deeeeelicious as well.  Health-wise, It's probably best we aren't neighbors.
4	Ian's pizza is a staple of State St food, and you have to go eat there if you haven't yet.  The pizza reflects a lot on Madison, quirky, interesting, and easily palatable.  They are open super-late night (2 AM), and are a great snack for when you get tired of Parthenon gyros at night.  The pizza itself is not the best in madison, but it is fast, convenient, and has more selections than anywhere in town.  The toppings are always thought out pretty well and all seem to mesh together without too much clash.  The crust is a nice vehicle for the toppings, but it can get a bit dry and can lose some flavor.  This is balanced out by the toppings, which can get a bit greasy. It is hard to recommend a specific slice that you have to get besides the mac and cheese since the menu is always changing, but the taco pizza with Fritos is awesome and I am excited whenever they have it.In summary, the pizza is very good and covers everything you want out of a pizza experience, the only drawbacks being the slices can be a bit dry or greasy. The slices come out hot and tasty, the atmosphere is very friendly and welcoming, and experience is quintessentially Madisonian.
1	I've only had one pizza here.  I ordered the Margherita for delivery on a Friday night...I wished and I do mean REALLY WISHED I didn't that night.  I was famished and was looking forward to a slice of heaven based on the "wonderful" reviews Ian's Pizza has on Yelp, but holy f*uck was it a disaster it turned out to be!!!  Sauce clumsily spread on, mozzarella not even melted, and whole leaves of basil just tossed on without a damn care on the pizza.  There is no way for me to soften the blow to write this review... the pizza I had was an embarrassment to all pizzas ever made.
4	Yes, a teen with tattoos up the wazoo and piercing in places that you didn't think could be can be shockingly nice and welcoming.They will gladly run through all the slice. They have monthly and weekly features. You can find them also on their website along with their salad special among other thing going on. I usually get a huge salad with a slice of pizza to make me feel healthy. For your salad you can choose one that is listed or you can make your own. Small or large with a set base price with additional cost for each topping.On your way out or at the end of meal don't forget to pick up a pint of Calliope Ice Cream. You can't go wrong with any flavor but Sweet Old Fashioned is my favorite. Plus you only had one slice. You deserve it. Right?!
4	Ian's can't be beat, as far as I'm concerned, when it comes to by-the-slice pizza.With a broad selection of classic and unconventional flavors, there's something for everyone. Mac and Cheese is great for kids, but I tend to go for something with a bit more flavor. They recently started offering breadsticks too, which are pretty delicious-- crisp on the outside, fluffy on the inside, and well-seasoned. The pizza and breadsticks are put into the oven when you order to warm and crisp them, and pulled out for you just a few minutes later. I highly recommend eating Ian's this way, instead of ordering a whole pizza for delivery.They also make a ridiculously addicting Caesar Salad (sub chicken for the egg). Their salad line in general is pretty great. Loads of fresh, local ingredients and house-made dressings (they even ask you if you'd prefer light, medium, or heavy on the dressing), spun right before your eyes.The staff are always very friendly and they have great taste in music!
4	Ian's needs Madison and Madison needs Ian's.  This place is a must-stop near the capitol square.The Mac & Cheese pizza will make you wake up in the middle of the night singing.  It's just too wonderful to not do at least a bit of a dance and song for.  The Gyro pizza was phenomenal, but sadly a "month of June" option only.The salad options were very poor.  I built my own, and was horribly disappointed by the old mushy spinach I used as my base and some of the oldest and nastiest chicken I'd ever had.  They really don't sell enough of them to keep the salad line fresh.  The balsamic dressing was unforgettable... in a bad way.  Stay away.The folks working are nice and helpful, considering half of the time you have NO idea what the slice is supposed to be (because it seems to be covered in chocolate covered skittles or something).Come by, grab two slices and a Sprecher's Root Beer, and you've got yourself a wonderful meal.
4	I had an amazing salad with fresh local ingredients. My husband had the pizza and thought it was great!  The unique toppings like mac n cheese or potato and cheddar make this an interesting place to visit.  We thought the line could be managed more efficiently.  The pizzas are not labeled, so you have to ask what everything is.  The pizza pick up clogged the drink station and vice versa.  Good food, great concept!
5	The waiter/server is always nice. As I can't have some pork or pepperoni, they will nicely suggest some chicken only pizza. So far, I've always had good experience with this place.
4	Pretty cool place and I admire their creativity.....but(you knew a but was coming) they are really inefficient for large crowds..you have no idea what the special slices of the day are while you are waiting in line..if you did you could decide then..since you dont you wait 434 minutes for a mom to describe all the kinds to her 18 kids...then if it isnt ready after you payed the line to get the pizza coincides with the drink dispense(which by the way has pepsi and coke which is awesome)...pizza was really good..breadsticks were great...all in all if you arent in a lunch time rush I would definitely suggest you check it out.
2	The experience at Ian's Pizza is largely mediocre. Unless you're a drunk college student looking to satisfy a late night craving with a slice, it's not really worth going there. I went there tonight with my boyfriend and we ordered a 12" pie with some "stix" on the side. We received the stix promptly, and they were alright. But almost 45 minutes after that, we still had not received our pizza. I went over to check if it would be ready soon, but it turned out that they hadn't even started it yet (somehow the cook never got the order). The cashier was very apologetic and offered us a refund on the pizza while they quickly made it, which is why I'm giving them two stars instead of one. The pizza itself is certainly not worthy of any praise and was definitely not worth the wait in the end.
5	It is Ian's Pizza!!!!! If your any where near downtown Madison and hungry the decision to eat here should be simple. So many unique pizza choices, so little time. I think once you have that first taste, and the perfect little crispy crunch of the dough, you will be hooked. I feel like the numerous times I ate here, I have never been let down. And who knew? Pizza is great sober for lunch from Ian's as well!!!!! I confess, Ian's is a go to late night joint, but I have recently found out that it is awesome for lunch as well. I'm pretty sure by now their Mac n' cheese is world famous. There is just nothing like it. Pure awesomeness. Take a walk on the wild side and hit up some Pork and Beans pizza or some Fritos pie! I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. Ahhhh Ian's, you had me at hello!
5	A staple of Dairyland's Capitol and a can't-miss for pizza lovers. Don't expect cheese and pepperoni, and they are not known for their fluffy crust. Think more of a carb-heavy creation like mac & cheese topped pizza. Yum!Grab a slice to go and take a stroll around the Capitol. It's a Mad City must!
4	Late last I wandered into Ian's hoping to find a vegan slice. I had grabbed one there on Monday (spinach, tomatoes, roasted red pepper, penne, & cheeze on top-- deelish) but unfortunately they didn't have any available on Wednesday. I opted for a salad 'cuz I'd seen a couple good reviews and, well, why the hell not. Damn, they know how to build a salad bar. I felt a little like "that person" sitting by myself eating salad in a pizza place but it was hearty and hit the spot so whatevahhh!Ian's does salads like this: choose small (2.50) or large (3.50) with a base of romaine, spring mix, or spinach. Add mix-ins for $.50 or 1.00 including (but not limited to): artichokes, bell peppers, candied pecans, broccoli, garbanzo beans, kalamata olives,  roasted red pepper, sunflower seeds, tomatoes, walnuts, a whole bunch of different cheeses, bacon... I got a nice lookin' pile of greens and proteins for $4.50. Pas mal.Sometimes you're just in the mood for some good greens and, for a pizza place, Ian's really delivers (pun intended).
5	I want to eat a salad at Ian's everyday. I am hooked on the maple vinaigrette. The veggies are always fresh and there is such a wonderful variety. I usually do something along the lines of mixed greens, roasted beets, walnuts, Brussels sprouts, and kalamata olives. Ian's employs a very attractive staff. The restaurant strives to be eco friendly. The women's bathroom really must be visited for the decor. Try to go at off times. Farmer's market Saturday lunches the place is just packed- like can't get in the door packed. I enjoy going on Sundays and mid-afternoon or mid-evening when they aren't as busy.
5	I've never been disappointed by Ian's!!  How can you be unhappy with ALL the pizza choices that are not "run of the mill."  Who needs pepperoni pizza when you can have mac and cheese pizza, or Philly cheese steak pizza...and the list goes on??  The newer location is awesome on State Street and of course Frances St. is a handy pop-in location as well.  Ian's is not just for bar time anymore.  Lunch time is a great time to visit Ian's for a break from the work day.  The lunch line is much faster than the bar time line.  Dine in or one for the road.  Bring friends, they'll be impressed!
4	I LOVE me some pizza, and thought it destiny that my cab driver recommended this place to me on my way into town without my having to admit that. Ian's is quite yummy even though it is thin crust and I'm more of a thick crust girl. But its really the creativity that won me over. Mac and cheese pizza? check.Buffalo chicken pizza? check.My standard tomato spinach and feta pizza? check.Philly cheese steak pizza? with FRIES ON TOP? oh yes. check. I love my hips way too much to have tried all of these (tomato and spinach not withstanding), but the sheer sight of all those pizzas, so original, so hard to decide on, was simply breathtaking. Really, you should walk in just to see it. And if  you're not in to pizza, there is a create your own salad station (absolutely not your every day salad bar, my friend) that made me think twice about pizza. And that never happens : )
2	Not sure what all the hoopla is about this pizza, it all tastes bland to me. Doesn't matter if you get the mac and cheese pie or a roasted red pepper and feta pie, the crust is so bland and the sauce/cheese lacks any flavor at all.Salad bar is 5 stars btw
5	This pizza is phenomenal. Crust is thin but substantial. Sauce is tangy and delicious. Cheese is melted to perfection, and the variety of toppings is impressive. Smokey and the Bandit is a favorite, as is the Chicken Bacon Ranch. The macaroni and cheese pizza is also classic, so get it while you have the chance! It has a subtle white sauce that complements but does not overwhelm the macaroni. Great pizza place!
5	A quick weekend trip to Madison would not have been complete without a late night stop at Ian's. The line was INSANE (or at least it seemed so to me, as an out-of-towner) but no one seemed even remotely perturbed by the idea of waiting 30 minutes while the smell of hot pizza wafted teasingly through the air. Obviously this was a challenge for me...I had heard from enough people that the macaroni and cheese pizza was "out of this world," and once I saw the greasy, beautiful thing behind the glass on the counter, my mind was made up without thinking twice about my other options. Maybe it was the alcohol, the delayed gratification of waiting in line for so long, or the hype. But I swear: that Mac and cheese pizza is the drunkfood of the gods. Somehow, the Mac and cheese remained soft and creamy on top of crispy pizza crust, and the whole thing was basically an ode to the glory of cheese.  I was torn between scarfing down my slice or savoring each bite. I opted for a combination of the two, and my pizza was gone way too fast. Bottom line- I would fly back to Madison just to eat this again.
4	I was told by a local that I had to try Ian's.  After reading the Yelp reviews I kept reading about the mac-n-cheese pizza.  Well, when in Rome right?  It was good.  I also had the chicken salad pizza, which I really liked.  The crust was light, crispy, and bit chewy as is proper.  I know that some people object to reheating slices, but truly, how else can a restaurant serve a high volume of pizza by the slice?Why the four stars you ask?  Well, for the next 3 days I couldn't shake the macaroni pizza.  I kept telling my friends about it.  No joke, I was dreaming about it.  I wasn't satisfied with my other lunch and dinner meals as they weren't the macaroni pizza I was craving.  Yeah that's right, craving.  So, I drove out of my way enroute to the airport to get a slice.  OMG, it was better than I remembered!  The noodles were not dried out and crunchy as I feared, the delicious local cheese was glorious, just glorious.  I also had the Chicago dog pizza which I loved.  The hot peppers were so tasty and I loved the fact that they actually had authentic neon green relish too.Weird combinations, yet, I can't wait to go back :)
3	Interesting pizza place extremely similar to other pizza places i've been two in the Illinois and Iowa campuses. I ask for my pizza to be extra crispy so I get the hot, crunchy texture. Always a great meal for quick/cheap purposes.
5	My sisters and I stayed at a hotel right next to this place. We are starved after we checked in and surprised to find this place open until 230am. Ordered a pizza and it was some of the best pizza we have eaten. Everyone working there was so nice and willing to help and answer any questions we had.
3	Ever since my early visits in Madison I wanted to try Ian's.  Somehow we always ran out of time doing family stuff, but this time we got to pick up some pizzas... Mac and Cheese, Florentine and Steak with barbecue sauce were really great!I was not hugely in on the crust, although it is ok, but I very much like the flavors on the toppings and the staff were great!!I look forward to trying more pizza as my grandson is going to be born this week and if he has our family taste for pizza, we must continue the tradition....
5	The mac'n'cheese pizza captures all that is good in the world.It is way too cheesy, but that's how we like it. The unctuousness sticks to the crust like peanut butter sticks to jelly. It's creamy, wonderful richness seeps into the nooks and crannies of the thin yet able dough that forms the crust.  Take a bite and watch the resiliency at work as the cheese stretches and stretches till you can't take the elasticity no more. "Get in ma belly", you say.This is the kind of pizza you dream about at night when you're super hungry and nothing but Ian's pizza will fill the void.
5	This is the type of place you would expect if Pizza and crack had a baby.  Oh man was it good... especially late at night.  The taco pizza was amazing.  Buffalo and mac n Cheese was solid too.  Location is nice and convenient and they are open late.  Totally will go back.
4	Awesome pizza at a great price! I just wish they had more options like they used to. The Chicken Parmesan pizza was amazing!!  Bring it back!
5	This Mac n Cheese pizza is insane! The slices are huge and tangy and the crust is even better dipped in the homemade ranch. Came late night with some friends and the service was quick and friendly.
5	Wow...love this place. Great service as well. Amazing. Can't stop eating.
5	Best specialty pizza in Madison. Hands down. Their Mac and cheese pizza is perfect for any mood or craving and their delivery is quick and prompt as well.
5	If you haven't tried the Mac and Cheese pizza, you really haven't moved to Madison yet. It is not only very good, it is a defining experience. Also, fun fact, the extra large is so big it could be a table. You would need to petrify it or something because it would be a floppy-pizza-table, but it would be the appropriate shape and size.
5	Being from New York I am very selective about my pizza. This place is up there with quality as I had their mac n' cheese pizza and it was outstanding. The service is fast, friendly and the venue has plenty of room to sit. They were also opened on Easter Sunday which I thought was fantastic and I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	Ian's opened in Madison when I was in college. I'm kind of old. ;)  Anyway, many of my meals there (okay, who am I kidding - ALL of them) were consumed while I was feeling quite happy-go-lucky thanks to Wisconsin's awesome beers.  I recently moved back to the Madison area, and a friend and I decided to try the Mac and Cheese pizza. I was skeptical that it would live up to my memories - would it really taste as good sober?  I was pleasantly surprised that YES it IS still fantastic - without an ounce of alcohol in me!! The Mac and Cheese pizza was pretty much perfect.  Excellent flavor - good texture - cheesy, but not overwhelming. If you're going to put mac and cheese pizza, you better do it right - and they do.
4	Classic MAC and CHEESE pizza!! There is no way you can miss this being in Wisconsin, where cheese is king ~~ The other pizzas they make are good too, but I just can't say enough about their mac and cheese pizza. One day when I leave town, this will be one of the classics that I will certainly miss, no doubt. I love how Ian's has their pizza is a slice or as a whole. So if you find yourself craving pizza and you can't find 10 other people to share with you, or if your friends have very distinct preferences for pizza toppings, you can just each get your own slice and still hang out together.
4	I love Ian's Pizza, but am not a huge fan of the crazy toppings which I know they are known for but don't overlook the regular "boring" pizzas--you can get a great cheese or pepperoni pizza here !
5	I'm right up there with the other salad lovers of the world. I can never be mad when I can snag a great salad for an even better price... What's better is that I wasn't left wishing I had grabbed a few slices of the za instead! That pretty much never happens if I'm at a place that actually MAKES their food rather than getting everything shipped in pre made. I really enjoyed the salad, LOVED the prices, and the staff was congenial. What's more to want?
4	Omg all i have to say is get the mac n' cheese pizza. (Mic just dropped)
4	Whenever my friends are in town, we always swing by here.  It's a pretty unique place (where else can you get macaroni and cheese on pizza??).  The only reason they only get 4 stars is because they took away their honey dipping sauce which used to be my favorite thing about this place.  BRING BACK THE HONEY!!  please.
4	I like eating here even when I'm sober. The bacon chicken ranch is my favorite non-Mac and cheese pizza. I like to think I am limiting my caloric intake by just eating one slice. It's cheaper that way too, and I achieve some self-deception! This place is awesome.
5	This place is amazing - the food, service, atmosphere, everything is done well.  They've such carefully crafted and complex tasting pizzas.  They've high quality ingredients, the pizzas served hot, and even their salads are good.  Their staff is always friendly, greets you at the door, and certainly knows their pizza.  I love their wall art, too.I'm a well known carnivore and I crave these guys' salad pizza with artichokes, olives, tomatoes, and salad (don't get me wrong, I still get a smokey bandit or BBQ tot...but I rave about a salad pizza to my friends and they're stunned to hear me endorse something vegetarian).  Definitely one of the places I'll miss the most moving away :(
4	I've had good and meh experiences here.The service is always friendly, but often seem kind of frazzled.I don't get the mac and cheese pizza at ALL. I think it's super bland. Their vegetarian options are also usually a little one note -- some sort of blend of tomato/pesto/cheese flavor. I'd love more veggie-heavy but interesting dishes.The main thing I've come to like is the Southwest Salad. I started an internship on the square so on Tuesdays I head in .. and nearly every week they've been out of something for the salad! I got it as a whole ONCE in the past 5 weeks or so. I told my co-worker how yummy it was, she went to try it out, they were out of everything, and she got another salad ... and hated it. Haha. Come on!
5	The pizza is reasonably priced, the service fast, and even the salads can be worth the trip.This location tends to have a bit more upscale clientele than the one on Frances St. They do a good lunchtime business, and I have been in here a few times for that purpose. Sometimes I get a slice or two, but their salads made to order are also a good bet. You can get a wide variety of items in your salad, and a large selection of different dressings are available as well.The standard pizza slices, like a pepperoni and sausage are excellent, but I sometimes go for the philly steak, which is delicious. My friends swear by the mac and cheese pizza, but that really is not my bag.
4	Creative toppings presented for your eating pleasure from Outside of the Box. Ian's Pizza by the Slice offers your standard toppings, but, the real highlight here is the toppings that aren't usually found on a pizza.Mac and cheese - sure thing. Penne with marinara - absolutely. Quesadilla - bring it. Italian Beef Sandwich - good to go! Ian's offers unique flavors in a familiar format that everyone can love.The staff is friendly and accommodating. You want something on your pizza that isn't there already? Sure, they'll put it on for you.The atmosphere is a little confusing. It's like the late 90s met with a group of college kids low on cash who just threw a bunch of left overs on a crust, who then found a bunch of teenagers to pass it off to. Two nights in a row my group (mid twenties/early thirties) seemed out of place and much too old for the establishment. Apparently on Thursday nights if you hang around long enough there is a local band.By the way, if you go, get the Sprecher's Cream Soda.
4	$3+ for a slice of pizza is a bit much for me but the quality and variety is excellent at Ian's. I don't normally go out to eat for Pizza but it certainly makes for great late night food!
4	I have an emotional and nostalgic fondness for this pizza.  It reminds me of being freezing cold but full of hope, buoyed by the feelings of solidarity in the Madison protests.  Supporters of public education and union rights from around the world ordered pizzas for us, from here.  Maybe this enables me to overlook that the place is actually kind of dumpy, not very convenient unless you're walking, and generally full of young drunken idiots late weekend nights.  The pizza is pretty good though, there's a wide selection of toppings (some are pretty ridiculous) on pizza slices, displayed behind the counter.  You can see how fresh each pizza is, fresher is better than the exact ingredient combination you may have had in mind.  I think you're better off ordering ahead and picking up, there's nothing special about sitting down and eating here, unless you want to be surrounded by  intoxicated college students.  Being a college professor, this is how I envision Purgatory.  Of course it's more pleasant afternoons and weekday evenings.  It's a New York style flat, chewy thin crust pizza you can (well you have to) fold to eat.
4	Smart set up for quick service. Hip vibe. Funky takes on topping options. But at the end of the day, just solid Jersey-style crust. Love it!
4	Everyone loves this place, and you know what? It's easy to see why. I've had four different slices, and they've all been amazing. I'm not even going to name all of them cause I'm pretty sure you can't miss here! Super fluffy crust and a huge variety of toppings
5	I love Ian's! It's such a Madison staple; I always have to stop by when I'm visiting family in WI. Ian's has such a fun variety...everything from mac 'n cheese pizza to baked potato pizza to salad pizza. Yes, salad pizza. I'm personally a big fan of the buffalo chicken with bleu cheese, but I like to try something new every time. So far, not a single experiment has gone poorly for me. The atmosphere feels very much like a college campus. It can be crowded, noisy, and full of students. Depending on when you go (such as lunchtime), the line can get very long, but the service is fast and friendly so the wait is manageable. I highly recommend a trip next time you're on State Street.
4	When you come by it is order by the slice. They have several pizzas out, you select what looks good, and then they throw it in the oven for a couple minutes to quickly reheat it (the pizzas don't sit out for long as they get pretty consistent traffic. Don't think you'll be eating pizza from several hours ago).I think the greatest draw of this place is the unique offering on the pizza tops. One of my favorites has been the reuben pizza. Whenever your in Madison, this is definitely a place worthy of swinging by just for the experience. This may not be the best pizza ever but it is good and it may be the most unique pizza you've eaten. Either way you won't regret your visit. Both locations are equal in my experience so just to whichever is most convenient.Also people say the max and cheese is best... don't believe it. Go for something else, I've found that one to be a little bland for my taste.
4	Items Selected:Mac n' CheesePork Sausage with Marinara with MozzarellaAs much an icon as any other dining establishment in Madison it was directly from Graze that I walked to 100 State Street and although already plenty saturated with cheese the legend of Ian's Pizza quickly drew me in, only a few college kids filling the lively space at an off-hour while the service team bustled behind a long counter of pies and salads set before a kitchen where gas ovens gleamed.  Large in size with pop-art styling provided by local artists and a promise to source locally as best as they can it was to a wide variety of pizzas-by-the-slice that my eyes immediately widened on approach and having heard rumors of their mac n' cheese I quickly ordered a slice alongside one topped with marinara and mozzarella plus spicy sausage so that I might, too, try the red sauce.  Reheated to order and served on paper plates much like any number of pizzerias back east it was perhaps ten minutes after paying the $8 tab that my order was up and taking a seat at one of the low, wooden tables I began with the signature, each cheddar-laden elbow noodle rendered just a touch chewy by the oven providing an excellent textural contrast to the crispy, charred crust.  A bit less inspired by marinara that trended just a touch to sweet yet impressed by both the locally sourced sausage and mild, creamy mozz it was after only a few bites that I turned back to the macaroni and finishing the slice while leaving the rest of the other behind in order to save stomach space my curiosity was satisfied - were Ian's in any number of US Cities it would undoubtedly be equally well praised as the best "New York Slice" in town.
5	I don't even know what kind of pizza I had, it was with mozzarella cheese, basil and tomato.  Since I'm lactose intolerant I took the cheese off.  It was still good.  I was jealous, my niece and husband had the Mac and cheese pizza.  Gosh I was ready to throw in my lactose intolerant card out the window and have a piece but I didn't.  I had a bite of my husband's and it was excellent. We will definitely come back when we are in town.
4	A short review for Ian's. I've been coming here since before they changed locations. It's been consistent, it's been good.Ian's is one case where I think less is more. Normally, I love to get outside the box and try the weird things on a place's menu. Here, though, their normal slices are painfully underrated in favor of their mac and cheese pizza.The mac and cheese pizza is overrated, guys, it's tired. It's just not that good. Sorta boring.Okay, I'm done beating up on Ian's, I swear.The sausage with cheese is where it's at. Their pepperoni and mushroom is great too. Ham and pineapple is always a classic, too.Don't get me wrong, their more eclectic offerings are always tasty. I remember a baked potato pizza they did once being one of the most interesting things I've tried, and the reuben pizza is always good too, when they have it (although you could make anything reuben flavored and I'd eat it right up!), the brisket and tots pizza is another fantastic option. but I really recommend not overlooking the less unusual offerings too, because they really can hold their own in Madison's sea of cheap pizza.The end.
4	Fast, fun, cheap, and tasty! I tried the mac n cheese and the brisket slices, both were great and the mac n cheese was especially delicious. Great for a low key dinner or lunch.
1	Hour and a half delivery time was my option.  Offered $100 tip for something faster.   They thought I was joking.  I literally had a hundred ready to go but they wouldn't do it and thought I was joking.  They even hung up on me. I get that since it seems over the top but I was serious.  Sad face :(
5	I really like this place! They have salad, pizza & breadsticks. I was not disappointed! I ordered a speciality pizza with sweet potatoes, chorizo and a spicy sauce. $3.75 a slice. All I can say is mmmmmmmm! Yep I know it sounds weird but it was so good! They must have had over 10 different pizzas to choose from. They have basic pepperoni if you wanna be plain Jane. I also got breadsticks. They were good typical breadsticks. After talking with the friendly staff I learned they make up a different kinds of pizzas and see how they turn out. The salads are made fresh. You can buy a special salad ($6)or make ur own starting at $2.50 and you build up from there. If you need a carryout box just grab it they keep it on the counter not hidden in the back!Wish I would've got a pic. I was hungry & intrigued so I gobbled it up fast! Sorry maybe next time
1	What a cluster. If there is any other way to make a pizza joint more inefficient this place will quickly adopt it. Wow. What a bunch of slack jaws. How it takes 20 minutes to order and receive pizza that is sitting in front of you I have no idea. The mouth breathers behind the counter were useless. I'm mad. And the pizza wasn't very good. I should have been drunk.
4	We decided on Ian's after the Homecoming parade. The line was quite long, but they keep things moving right along and we were choosing our slices in no time. We bypassed the salad bar, but I will definitely give it a try next time. All ingredients looked fresh and they had some interesting seasonal salads. We each had a piece of the southwestern and my dining partner also had a piece with BBQ brisket and tater tots. It is a huge slice, so one is enough for me. I love the crust! Crispy but chewy at the same time, and so many fun combinations to try. All of the people that work there are friendly and very helpful in explaining different slices. Maybe I missed this, but I wish they would label slices so you can get an idea of what they are. Also, if they could keep up on wiping off tables before the next people sit down, that would make it darn near perfect. $13 for 3 slices and a soft drink. Not bad, thanks Ian's!
2	Disappointing... we arrived around 5:15pm on a Sunday night. The restaurant was not even half full. Being our first time at this restaurant, we had to ask for help... do we just sit at a table? do we order at the counter? can someone help us?We decided to order a whole pizza. While we waited, we read their menu and found they buy fresh, local ingredients. Nice! :)After our first few bites, we realized the pepperoni was missing. We took our pizza up to the counter. The manager apologized and took our pizza. When he came back to our table about 10 minutes later, he brought our original pizza back... basically all he did was add pepperoni and a little more cheese, and popped it into the oven for a bit. Really??Overall, not a good experience. Dirty table, empty silverware containers, and about half of the fountain soda flavors were out of order. The food was pretty cheap though (about $15 for 12" pizza, breadsticks and 2 sodas)... good option for college kids!
5	Ian's. What can I say about Ian's that you won't see everywhere?  They are amazing. So many options to choose from. I've been in Madison a week and have gone there almost every day. Crazy ideas like the thanksgiving pizza, BBQ brisket and tater tot, or any of there pasta pizzas. I also tried the potatoes salad (that's a salad not a pizza) and it was incredible. I completely different take on traditional potato salad. Try it!  You will not be disappointed.
1	I get it. Ordered a pizza and bread at close to bar close. Ian's is the worst experience I've ever had. I wish I had a 2.99 Geno's pizza. Couldn't even cut the pie. I didn't expect much from Ian's this late. But I did laugh when you were way worse then what I expected.
1	Takeout was a miserable experience here. We were told 20-25 minutes for our pizza and it took an hour and a half. We were charged a service and delivery fee online and it was not refunded when we picked our pizza up.
5	"Rly yum such good pizza" says my 11-year-old, and we all agreed. Kids loved the Mac n Cheese slices, husband killed his pepperoni, and I recommend the tomato/spinach/feta. Great place to warm up after the Badger game, and truly appreciate the commitment to local farmers. Highly recommend!
3	Can't say i'm a huge fan but it's ok.  Crust was a bit tough and bland for my taste.
4	Perfect pizza to eat a long night of drinks!! Sort of spendy for what you get but still delicious. The sausages are real sliced sausages links. VERY GOOD!!
