3	My cousin and I visited Carrabba's after spending all day at the Aji Spa. For a Friday night, the restaurant was empty, so we got seated right away. The bread and olive oil (with seasonings) they served at the beginning was just the thing to get my already hungry appetite going even more.I ordered the Mezzaluna: half moon ravioli stuffed with chicken, ricotta and spinach in a tomato cream sauce. It was quite tasty and filling! My cousin ordered the Chicken Marsala: grilled chicken breast topped with mushrooms, prosciutto and wine marsala sauce. That marsala sauce was scrumptious!!!!  I would have been happy eating the fresh bread with that mushroom marsala sauce! We were too full for dessert, but it's definitely a place that I wouldn't mind returning to. The service was good, food was yummy and affordable and I have no complaints. Yay for Carrabba's!
5	I've eaten at this particular Carrabba's probably 25 times, and at numerous other locations over the years, including the one off of FLW up in Scottsdale. It's usually in my top 3 whenever anyone offers to take me out for a meal (truth be told, it ain't cheap...but it's well worth it).The bread they bring out for starters is great, but it's the herb mix that they mix with the oil that really makes it fantastic. Sooo good. I usually order the chicken noodle soup, which certainly ain't no Campbell's. It's got a nice, spicy kick to it, unlike any other chicken noodle soup I've ever had before, and it has HUGE chunks of soft, white meat chicken.For the main course, I usually stick with the chicken parmesan. Two healthy sized chicken breasts flattened out, breaded, and cooked to perfection. Just the right amount of cheese and traditional red marinara to top it off. For my pasta I go with their fettucini alfredo, I'm sure it isn't the healthy option, but it's a great compliment to the chicken. The portions are so big (on top of being half full on bread and soup already) that I always end up taking half of it home with me. I've sampled their lasagne (usually my Dad's choice), and it's quite delicious...my mom and my sister usually opt for the filet with a side of marsala sauce, and 9 times out of 10 it's amazing. From time to time, the chef undercooks it, but everyone's idea of "medium-well" is (somewhat) subjective, and they're always happy to throw it on the grill for a few more minutes if necessary. Another item that I've enjoyed is the garlic mashed potatoes, and that says a lot because I'm not usually a big fan of 'em elsewhere.I think I've had dessert here maybe twice, because by that point in the dining experience I am usually so stuffed that I can't even fathom cramming any more food into my face. Regardless, the chocolate cake/ice cream thing we got was also top notch.The service is usually great, the establishment is always clean and proper, the atmosphere is pretty cool, a bit loud at times when the place is busy, but that doesn't really bother me. I didn't come here to have an in-depth discussion of politics, I came to get my grub on! There's an older Italian guy at the Scottsdale location that never fails to remind me that my hat is on wrong...which just furthers his old school italian credibility. 5 stars, no question about it. LOVE this place!
3	I generally try to avoid chain restaurants, but every once in a while you have a friend that wants to go out to eat, suggests a chain, and you don't have the heart to turn them down, or negate their selection. Sigh. That being said, Carrabas in Chandler wasn't half bad. The service was stellar from the moment we walked in the door. EVERYONE greeted us, inquired about our experience, and saluted us on the way out. I don't know if it is like this at all locations, but I was impressed. Moreover, our server had great timing, was very friendly and helpful, and kept my iced tea filled. The food is still chain food. It was pretty good, but chain food all the same. I ordered the Rustica pizza (if you read my post on LGO, you'll know how much I adore pizza). It had a lovely presentation, with large slices of eggplant and colorful peppers. It had a slight spicy kick to it, which I enjoyed, but was underwhelming on the whole.  The pizza was a bit oily, the crust did not have personality (I'm sure you know what I mean by that), and neither the cheese nor the sausage were particularly special. It was an average pizza. My date, who has dined here frequently, really enjoys the fillet with asparagus and it seemed to be cooked to order. One thing that really bothers me about many chain restaurants is the recent trend to serve desserts in shot glasses. You pick your favorite flavor from a selection of 8 or 10. Three bites later, dessert is done. Excuse me, but custard covered with a little Ready Whip does not count as dessert! It is the same at every restaurant, and I find it very unimaginative and unappealing. Call me a snob, but if I'm going to order dessert at a restaurant, I want it to be a true dessert. Overall, if being strong-armed into a chain restaurant, Carrabas is a good choice with decent food and an excellent staff.
4	Had my favorite, the filet marsala, and it was excellent! Cooked slightly to rare, excellent quality meat, and smothered in mushrooms and the best marsala wine sauce ever! The asparagus was good along with the garlic mashed but nothing out of this world.
4	I only eat at this Carrabba's because I hate their newer restaurants' layouts, and this location also has plants on the roof which makes it very unique. The bread with olive oil that they give you is a great appetizer. Their fried zucchini is amazing and their cheese pizza are among the best when they don't make it too spicy. Their salads are also amazing, some of the best croutons I've ever tasted.
2	Just like macaroni grill.  Not a fan of oily over-cooked pasta.  The salads are overdressed and super salty.  The serivce was terrific even though it was Mother's Day.
5	First time coming to Carrabas with the family, we were greeted at the door by a waiter and waitress (holding the doors open), we were seated immediately - given that it's Mother's Day and all!Upon deciding our food, our waitress was really sweet and very helpful in explaining how Carrabas' menu was setup! After getting the Calamari and the Mozzarella sticks for our appetizers, we were blown away with how delicately the Calamari was seasoned and fried, and how the Mozzarella stickers were seasoned and in rectangles - different than your usual cylinder shaped sticks. Our food came hot and ready, I ordered the Seafood Cannelloni - hot and sooo delicious; worth the $13 I paid for it!They also had a nifty give-away for Mother's Day - you received a $10 Gift Card (free after your meal) to use on your next visit because of the holiday! It was really sweet and nice of them to do this! My mother was really happy in the end and we will defiantly be coming back!!
3	Was a bit bummed with this Carrabba's. Maybe they've changed a lot over the past few months I haven't gone here or maybe it's this location.Let me preface this with how much I love their appetizer bread and that little herb/spice mix that you dump the olive oil on...It is FABULOUS. I could seriously eat that all day if I let myself.Appetizer was fried zucchini. I was a bit startled with it. For a moment I thought our server was bringing us fries! Batter was a bit too salty for my taste and the zucchini itself wasn't so bad.I ordered a chicken Caesar salad...The chicken was massively salty. I'm still drinking tons of water to flush that stuff out of my system! Dressing was fine, but I dislike it when my salads drown in it and I forgot to ask for the dressing on the side. My fault!It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good, either. Service was wonderful, but the food itself...*sigh* not that great.I remember the other Carrabba's being a bit salty as well, but I enjoyed my food. I'll have to give this location another shot because it's so close to me.
4	Ive been going here for years and I love it.  They have great food and pretty decent prices.  The wait is usually not bad if you go before the dinner rush.  They can usually seat you right away.  You get bread  with a nice olive oil herb dip to eat before dinner.  (Make sure you ask for fresh bread... if you go too early, they give you the lunch bread).My favorite to eat there is the Pollo Rosa Maria.. two pieces of chicken breast stuffed with cheese, covered with mushrooms and with a nice side of fettuccine Alfredo.  Delicious.My favorite thing of all here is their iced tea..  just plain iced tea.  Im not a fan of passion fruit or weird fruity mango teas, so this place fits it perfect.The staff is friendly and the smells coming out are great!
4	Nice change of pace for me, as I usually do Italian somewhere else. We had a wonderful meal...Filet, Green Beans, Mashed Potatoes, Salad, and Super Yummy Bread & Oil. Love those Carbs! Our Medium Filets were done just right. Everything was very nice. The service was good. The only complaint I had was that our mashed potatoes were not very hot. We told our server and she quickly replaced (nuked?) our spuds.
4	I have been to Carrabba's in several states and this is by far the BEST location. The service is impeccable and wonderful! They are always inviting and welcoming. I adore the herbs and oil for dipping my bread. I am also a fan of the minestrone soup. The bowl is so huge it is a meal all by itself. I don't usually frequent restaurants that are chains but Carrabba's is one of those that I will make an exception.
4	A large group (about 12) and I recently had a graduation celebration dinner here. Let me just preface this by saying that I had a TON of requests for the staff to accommodate before I even stepped into the restaurant. As the girlfriend of the graduate, I had brought a cake from home that unfortunately was falling apart on my way over the restaurant. I called in, a little frantically, and the staff was very helpful in agreeing to take the cake from me, making sure it stayed together, placing it in the freezer briefly, then the fridge, putting on the candles I had also brought from home, and then bringing out a small team of servers to present the cake to my very ecstatic boyfriend. When I arrived, the hostess still opened the door for me, even with my very heavy cake in one hand. Love love love it.Our group had called in to make a reservation for 20, but 7 or 8 didn't show. The restaurant was very forgiving of this and made sure to bring our food quickly once we told them we were ready to order. The bread and olive oil dip was DELICIOUS. I had to stop myself to save room for my salad and main dish. I had the Pasta Carraba, which was not the absolute best fettucini alfredo I've ever had, but it was good. I will say that some of the other dishes seemed a bit pricey, but I had leftovers, so I would say my dish was priced about right. The atmosphere was also lovely, with great music choice playing in the background.Overall, it is truly the service here that earns this Carraba's its stars. Thanks to the wonderful staff at this location, my evening went smoothly and the entire group had a fantastic time.
4	We came because of their participation in a homeless ministry that we're involved with...and because we fell in love with their Bruchetta! We stayed because of their sensational Tag Pic Pac, Chicken Bryan, Chicken Masala, and Chicken Rosa Maria. We will return because of their service and their smiles.  Thanks guys...you made it a special evening!
5	Amazing food & service.  It was truly a five-star experience.  I've never had a bad experience at Carrabba's.  Keep up the good work!
5	Tonight was date night and I have never been to a Carrabba's so my boyfriend and I went to dinner at this location. We were served by Judy who was very warm and the service was amazing.My boyfriend and I each had the Blackberry Sangria. It was soooo good!! Our meals were also amazing, but we were going to skip dessert since we were so full. With much persuasion by Judy, we ordered the chocolate brownie with mouse and whipped cream. It was also to die for. A manager brought our dessert and asked us about the sangria. Since we were so enthusiastic about it, he brought us each a sample of their Peach Sangria. Also amazing! As she left our tab, Judy advised that if we ever returned during the busy times and dropped her name, we would be seated at one of her best tables in half the time!  Then the manager who served our dessert stopped us to ask which Sangria we preferred. Of course we could not decide, it's like comparing apples to oranges!Needles to say, the service we received was beyond expectation and we felt like celebrities!!
2	I wish I could give this place a better review.. but I cant. I went here with my husband and daughter for dinner. The food was good but very rich. I felt like I needed to take a bath after. It seemed like most of their flavors came from fat.. maybe it was just what we ordered. I also ordered a glass of their Sangria .. was disapointed with that too. The glass was small.. which you cant do with Sangria since most of it gets taken up by fruit! They did have some delicious herb dipping oil for your bread. That was about the only thing I was impressed with. Good service. However I was, along with my husband, sick all that night after eating there. I most likely wont be going back.
3	Not bad.  We walked in about 9:30 on Saturday, and had the Ribs, Calamari, Side Salad, and the pepperoni pizza.  Everything was good.  The mashed potatos that came with the ribs, were the best things i ate,  really well seasoned.  The pizza was a good quality pie as well.  I guess my only wish was that they had a jug wine option like Macaroni grill.  If I'm going to pay $15 - $18 for chain resturant food, at least have a $4 glass of terrible wine for me to wash it down with.  Other than that, I thought it was PFG.  Not good enough to make it on my list yet, but maybe another visit, and I'll have become a fan.
3	We ate here as part of Restaurant Week.  $30 for two people, three courses.  The calamari was good.  Not great, but good.  They managed to avoid not making it chewy, but the marinara dip was a little weak.  Their batter-dip (the part that gets crispy when they fry it) also didn't seem to have any seasoning to it.The lentil/sausage soup was really good.  I liked it.  The Italian chicken soup also was very good, though not as "bold" as the lentil.The main courses were good.  Large portions of pasta, big chunks of scallops, or chicken (depending on the dish ordered).  I had the mezzaluna.  It was tasty, but I don't think I'd order it again.  Just personal preference.  It's a ravioli dish, and I would have liked a bolder (and redder) sauce, and more filling.The desserts were wonderful.  I had the cannoli.  It was really very nice.  I didn't really like how it was served (the ingredients were packed into this tall thin glass).  I would have preferred the more traditional presentation.  But the flavor was really excellent.Service was friendly, cheerful, and attentive.  Good job all around there.I'd give 3.5 stars if I could, but I can't.  And I don't think they quite rated 4 stars.  But maybe that was my entree choice.  If I go again and feel differently I'll update this review to reflect it.
4	It was our first time and it was great! We enjoyed the food, pasta and chicken trio....yum. The service was good. I would of been happy with the appetizer, calamari, and their bread & dip. So Good. We even got a visit from the manager! Everyone was so nice!
4	Carrabba's for the win.  Good, solid Itallian food.  It doesn't remind me of home cooking because I never make Itallian at home, but it does remind me of other similar Italian concepts like Macaronni Grill, The OG,  The OG Spaghetti Factory, etc.  However, this place seems to do it a little better than the others.  Stay away from the house wine as I felt like a drunken wino after 2 glasses.  And not drunk in a happy way, but drunk in a I'm gonna take a nap under the overpass kinda way.
4	I love Italian food, and this was my first time at a Carrabbas.  I came here with a friend of mine after shopping at Ikea, and I really enjoyed my experience here.I really liked my experience here. The staff was friendly throughout, from the hostess, to the waiter, and everyone else we interacted here.  Menu had a lot of different options, with a full wine and alcohol menu to a variety of different dishes.  The server told us about the different things on the menu, as we both had a few questions about different dishes that we both saw.  We were also informed that they make their pasta fresh daily, which I thought was awesome.The bread plate with the oil was Delicious.  We ate 2 baskets worth!  I went with the spaghetti with meat sauce, and a sprite.  I wasn't drinking since I had to drive home, but my friend did get 2 beers while we were there.  My friend went with the meatless spaghetti, and both our dishes were awesome.  We passed on desert since we were both so full afterwards.I would gladly return in the future, as I had a really good time here.
4	Ahwatukee and Chandler can not have enough Italian restaurants.  That was sarcasm.So when this one gets four stars its the sign of a good thing.Items I really like:Appetizers: (my favorite part to any meal)Fried zucchini - thinly sliced and lightly friend with a great dipping sauce.Fried calamari - fresh and again lightly breaded and fried. Must have the spicy pepper and lemon butter sauce.  Must.Entree'sSpiedino Di Mare: Scallops and shrimp are perfectly cooked.Chicken Marsala - wonderful mushrooms and sauce.I enjoy both their vinegrette and creamy Italian for the salad starter.I recommend the lenti and sausage soup should you feel like something warm andn spicy.  Very yummy in your tummy.They are a "scratch" kitchen as they call it, which means they can accommodate any food dislikes or allergies.It's kind of dark in the dinning area but comfortable.
2	I've always liked the pollo rosa maria there. I still do even tough they are getting skimpy on the prosciutto and fontina cheese stuffing. The lemon basil sauce that tops it off is still really goid tough. A word of caution: never try any pasta dishes. They are a far cry from what they show on their website or commercials. Very little sauce and dry noodles; a waste of money. Last week we tried the champagne sauce pasta with shrimp and scallops and we did not like it at all.
5	We pulled up to the pickup area and ordered a berry dessert. The guy helping was training someone else. He described the desserts well and brought back the good and even offered to put them in the backseat for us. Thanks!!!
4	I do not typically go to chain restaurants & then yelp 4 stars but I was genuinely impressed with our server (Cliff) and Carrabas kitchen.  I have been doing a food detox as of the first of the year and the waiter AND the kitchen were so accomodating, even going as far as asking if it was OK with me if they could add certain vegetables to my salad I had ordered (they wanted it to look nice and taste good) to make it more filling.. who does that!?  They do!  Went with my bro, his gf, and my hubby and they had a great old-vine Zin (bottles of wine are on special on Wednesdays) and they seemed to enjoy their meal (though my bro thought his veal marsala was a bit smaller than it should be).  We were seated promptly, the staff (Cliff & kitchen guys) was very attentive and I have to give them 4 stars for going above and beyond what chain restaurants usually serve.
4	Came here this past weekend and it was super packed. It was a Saturday evening so I wasn't surprised. Wait was about 20 minutes? Not too bad.I ordered the Pasta Carrabba which is fettuccine alfredo with grilled chicken, sauteed mushrooms and peas, except I substituted the pees for broccoli. Everything tasted great and the mushrooms actually tasted like chicken to me LOL. Oh, and I also got myself a cosmo to sip on and my oh my was it strong. .. but who's complaining? It got the job done with just a few sips. Talk about a cheap date haaayyyyy :D The only minor complaint I do have is our waiter never brought out more bread as I requested, until I reminded him a second time. It was pretty busy that night so no biggie.. and PLUS at that point, I was too tipsy to even really care!
4	I go to Carrabba's with my family a few times a year, usually with my in-laws because they love Italian/Sicilian. I've never had to wait more than twenty minutes and they don't even take reservations, but if you have more than five people I would call ahead to get on the wait list. If you do have to wait, hit the bar for a cocktail it'll help the time fly. At the table, you will get the traditional basket of bread (served hot) with EVOO and herbs. I always recommend starting out with a cup of Mama Dola's chicken soup. It's savory with a little kick. I've never had a bad meal there. I've been there at least a dozen times and I've only had one mediocre waiter out of all the great ones. I've ordered everything from the lasagna to the linguine pescatore. I've stuck to the pescatore for the past couple of years though for delicious consistency. It always hits the spot. If you like muscles, shrimp, and scallops, this is your dish. The sauce has a bit of red chile peppers to kick it up a notch. My better half recently ordered the Pasta Carrabba and I was very impressed. Creamy fettuccine with sauted mushrooms, peas, and fresh-of-the-grill chicken. I don't recall ever getting dessert because I'm usually stuffed by that time. My four stars are based on great service, great food, and reasonable prices. I wish they'd mix it up, add some menu items. they're food is great but not exceptional. You're getting more than you pay for though, that's fact.
5	Five of us had dinner at Carrabba's on Saturday 3/10 and experienced a few problems with our food and service.  This was a surprise to us because we have been to Carrabba's numerous times and have always had excellent food and service.  We are type of people who understand that sometimes things happen, so we did not make a big deal about it and wrote it off as just a bad night....Entrees came minutes after our salads were given to us.One entree was not what the person ordered.Food was just warm and not hot.Not that big a deal, right?Carrabba's answer was to comp all five meals, the sign of a truly great restaurant.  Carrabba's, a great place, good food and great management.....
5	Love this place best Italian food, even if it is a chain restaurant.
2	In terms of italian-restuarant chains, this is near the bottom of the list for me.  Mainly due to it's prices and menu selection.  The ambiance is great, but that can only make up for so much.  The menu is limited, the most appealing things on it are within the appetizers.  The entree's are steep in price and are limited to a certain pallette.  Also, the prices are not directly correlated to portions, for what you pay for I would expect much larger portions.  Overall, if you're looking for appetizers and a drink, this may be a good spot, but if you're looking for bang-for-your-buck portions, this is not the place for you.  Choose Olive Garden or Buca di Bepo instead.
4	We had my book club here.  A group of women descending on this one poor waiter would normally be a LOT to handle but, he was amazing.  He patiently explained what food and drinks were on Happy Hour as we bombarded him with our order.  Then more of our group arrived and he patiently went through the list again and took orders as well as additional orders for the original group.  I got the goat cheese and spinach flatbread and it was very nice.  Not too heavy on the topping and just a nice size.  Most others in my group got the "scotty" which was a generous portion of 5 slices of bread along with a marina sauce with thick goat cheese slices on top.  Everyone enjoyed their meal and the waiter did an impeccable job of checking back without being intrusive.  At the end, he gave all 7 of us separate checks and had everything separated perfectly.  If the delicious food and $5 drinks and happy hour appies weren't enough to win me over, the service made it a slam dunk.  I forgot to add that our waiter says to ask for "Gabe the Babe" and he will take care of you as well as he did us!  I would definitely come back again.
3	Don't let my three stars fool you into thinking I don't think much of Carrabba's, because I do. I really enjoy it here, I almost always have terrific service, the food is consistently good, I love the overall atmosphere of the place, and sitting at the pasta bar to watch them cook everyones food is mighty fun, it's just that the prices have gotten out of control. I've been coming to this location for quite a few years now and have watched the prices climb higher and higher to the point that I rarely visit anymore... I still enjoy it when I do, but there are way too many fantastic places nowadays where I get a lot more bang for my buck. I am not a huge chain eating kind of guy but this Carrabba's has a special little place in my heart... I'll be back now and again, but if they don't calm it down a bit they'll end up losing me.
4	Often go there for Great Food. The owner is constantly seeking approval from regulars to improve their menu and often hosts events where you can taste new entries prior to being available to the public. All in all one of my favorite places to go!
3	Mama Mandola's Sicilian chicken soup alone is worth a trip. Get a huge bowl for $6. Had the lasagna for the first time today and it was good. Nicely portioned. The wine is way overpriced so skip it.
2	They take reservations so you can come in at your scheduled time to hand you a hostess wait wand.  Waiting area smells of dirty people and a spilled dip bottle.  Bar smells like old spilled drinks.  They only received 2 stars because of house made pasta, but I'm felling a bit nervous to eat here because of the smell.
5	Carrabba's is my favorite chain restaurant business - PERIOD.  This review is for this location, specifically because I think that the food prepared in this location is better than in other locations.I eat out a lot and because I love local-fare, chain restaurants are definitely not on my to-eat-lists.   However, this Carrabba's is frequently in my rotation for 2 reasons - #1 I really love a few of their menu items and #2 the service.So, the food is always good here.  I've never had a bad meal and from my experiences with other Carrabba's across the country, I think this one prepares their food the best.Now, on to the meat of my review - the service in this establishment is impeccable.  I've gone in here on more than one occasion and ordered things that were not on the menu - if they have the ingredients in house and can make it - its a done deal.  You know how you DVR a show and watch it 3 months later and see a commercial for something "new" Carrabba's is serving and get there and it is no longer on the menu?  I can't tell you how often that has happened and how often I was able to get the item prepared for me.  I've been there and had the manager offer to make a shrimp item with the shrimp prepared 3 different ways.  WHO DOES THAT?I was there for lunch recently with a friend and I overheard a manager telling a customer that this restaurant never had a particular item on the menu, but they have all the ingredients.  He informed her that the dish takes a while to prepare, so if she would call him an hour in advance, he could have it ready for her when they got there.  Uhm... Yeah.  That's  why this Carrabba's gets a 5 star from me.  There are only a select few National Chain restaurants I would choose, this Carrabba's is one of those when I'm in Phoenix.
5	Always loved Carraba's! Most chains don't do consistency this well. We went on Saturday night for a late Valentine's day follow-up. The food was great. The service was also speedy and friendly. I LOVE their chocolate layer mousse thing. Just do it! Overall great experience.
2	After seeing all the 2nd pasta helping commercials on TV, my boyfriend and I decided to have Italian for date night. We were seated promptly upon arrival but noticed an odd smell coming from the dining room. The wood burning grill was close to where we were seated but it smelled off. Our server was slow to arrive for drink orders and my boyfriend kept having to drink my water because our server neglected to fill water. I ordered a glass a wine, which of course was delicious. Bread came and was honestly the best thing we ate all night. I loved the olive oil and spice mixture! I ordered the pasta Carraba and a Caesar salad. The salad was really over-dressed and the dressing had quite a peppery kick. I like pepper but not overpowering. For the 2nd pasta helping, there were only 3 options and none of them resembled the pasta on the commercial. The pasta I ordered was very disappointing, very mushy. The chicken was grilled nicely but for $15.50, the pasta wasn't prepared better than what I could have made at home for a lot cheaper. We skipped dessert and took my leftover pasta home. I did like that we were given bread, olive oil and spice mixture (since that was delicious). It has been a while since I had visited Carraba's and now I know why. Everything was mediocre and for me, I don't like visiting places that are just OK.
4	My boyfriend and I decided to grab a bite to eat here a few days ago. It was late- I think 9pm and they close at 10pm. We were greeted sweetly by the hostess and seated. Our waitress arrived promptly with our drinks, menus and bread. She explained the specials and gave us her recommendations. We started with the calamari appetizer, which was absolutely delicious! They have the best calamari in town! It was cooked perfectly and covered in a thin, crispy breading- just the way we like it! My boyfriend ordered the chicken parmesan with the Sicilian chicken soup, and I ordered the lobster ravioli and salad with the house dressing (both of which she recommended to me). Our food arrived fast and everything was delicious. I have no complaints. The salad was crisp and refreshing and the dressing was so darn good!!! My raviolis were cooked perfectly and filled with a creamy lobster filling. My boyfriend's chicken soup was very, very good- better than my mothers, which says a lot!! His chicken parmesan was everything its supposed to be: tender, juicy, and served with the perfect balance of mozzarella and pomodoro sauce. I am very pleased with our experience at Carrabba's. We arrived an hour before closing and did not feel rushed by the staff at all. Great service and food was provided to us, and I will not forget that! We will definitely come back!
2	We ate at Carrabba's in Chandler last night. It was okay, but I have had better. The service left a lot to be desired. The server was pleasant enough, but neglected to advise me that they do not have green peppers to put on my pizza. The entire table heard me, so when my pizza came out it was covered with pepperocini. I sent it back, and they remade it, but the experience left a bad taste in my mouth (pun intended). One can get much better pizza and service at Nello's a few miles away, or Humble Pie. It will be a long time before I go to Carrabba's again.
4	Meet up with some girlfriends on sat night at Carrabba's before we headed off to go play some bad bingo up the road. My best friend and I were not that hungry so a meal wasn't something we wanted, we decided to split some appetizers and desert haha, the best of both worlds don't you think?For the appetizers, we went with the Bruschette and Tomato Caprese.The Brushette had caramelized onions & crispy bacon in melted mozzarella, and that was perfect! The onions were sweet from being in the pan caramelizing, and the bacon had that crispy salty taste, salty/sweet combo is one of my favorite things. It was so good!The Tomato Caprese, oh I can't even describe in words the taste, it fresh, clean, summery, just perfect. The mozzarella was creamy; this was a great lil dish! So perfect!  Then we ordered the Tiramisu and the Dessert Rosa to split. The Tiramisu, was very eye pleasing when the plate was presented to us, but it was just too much for me, it tasted like a very drunk tiramisu, the lady fingers were very soaked in the espresso liqueur, or it could have been the rum in the cake, either way, it was too strong for me, which bummed me out because Tiramisu is one of my favorite desserts.  The Dessert Rosa, which just by reading it, I wasn't very thrilled about it, but my best friend swore it was good when we ordered it. When it came to our table, it looked very plan next to the pretty tiramisu, but let me tell you I missed judged this little dessert, it's a butter cake that has this sweet cream, fresh slices of bananas, strawberries, and pineapples and whipped cream. I swear it's like this ice cream free banana split, dang so delish!!  I'll never underestimate this dessert again!
4	been here dozen's of times, finally decided to review them. The food is a step above the average Italian restaurant and the Sangria blow's away any other we've tried and we've tried quite a few. The mood is good and the manager, John, makes sure you are properly taken care of from service to food quality. Try the John Cole for a tasty dessert after stuffing yourself
1	WARNING: This location is under new management. Do not trust any reviews older than 2 months. This used to be one of my wife's and my top 3 favorite restaurants. During the last several months we were noticing cost cutting measures being implemented, such as the olive oil jars being removed from the tables and only portioned out by the staff (I can't stand referring to them as servers, it feels degrading). But the food was always top notch. Then, suddenly, about 2 months ago the management was replaced because apparently the cost cutting measures weren't enough. Now, this is a completely different experience. Honestly, if I had never eaten here before the food would be good if it was a $14 per person restaurant. But compared to what it used to be and the fact that if you order an appetizer it's at least $25 per person, "never again". I'll start with the calamari appetizer. Once lightly breaded and perfectly tender, it is now over done, bland and artless. The previously chunky, mouth watering marinara dipping sauce was watered down and soupy. My personal favorite Ricardo sauce used to have loads of fresh sliced peppers and tang, now it tasted only of melted butter with a couple of diced veggies on top and left a film in my mouth. My wife's salad tasted the same as always, but my sausage lentil soup was suddenly mealy and lacked the flavor I used to crave. We ordered the sirloin marsala, and while the taste was similar, the sauce was thin and my steak was noticeably tougher. Also they only had one vegetable selection instead of two or three like always. If you didn't like broccoli that night you were out of luck. In short, while decent if it was a cheap Italian dinner on the go, the recent cost-cutting changes to the menu render this $25 per person restaurant a no fly zone.
3	This place has a very nice atmosphere. The restaurant is nice and clean. The servers aren't overly friendly, at least not the ones I have come into contact with. The bread is very good especially with olive oil. The food was good but here is where this place falters. The food is expensive for the small portion they give you. I don't mind paying money if I get a good portion. I didn't even leave full. Needless to say that was enough to make me not want to come back.
3	Oh man, Carrabba's isn't as great as I remembered.  I've been eating at Carrabba's for the past twenty years (at the locations in Houston).  This was my first time trying the Carrabba's in Chandler and it was a letdown.  First of all, they don't have the seafood pasta that used to be my favorite dish (scallops, shrimp and mussles in a spicy marinara sauce).  Secondly, when I got my salad it was TOO COLD.  This sounds like a weird complaint, but it was so cold that it was unappetizing.  Some pieces of the lettuce were actually frozen!  It was also DRENCHED in Caesar dressing.  Third, portion sizes left a bit to be desired. The best parts about the meal was the bread with olive oil dipping sauce and the Shrimp/scallop linguine entree was pretty tasty but nothing spectacular.  The scallops were actually pretty tiny...Not sure why this location isn't as good as the restaurants in Houston, but I probably wouldn't be back here.  Immediately after I left I thought, Oregano's would've been better!
3	Came here with my mom for last minute dinner and drinks. We had a short wait as we didn't have a res. we were immediately brought dipping oil and bread, which was delicious, and Ice water. Soup was a lil on the salty side but still good. Penne Franco was pretty good but I could easily make at home, and sangria was my fave part. Server was very nice and friendly, let me do linguine instead of penne, and took dish back for more garlic oil when it was a lil too dry. Can't remember what my mom had but we were sharing for awhile and hers was pretty yummy too, with the chicken a lil on the over cooked side. In the end we had an amazing time (server had fun with us) and we would come again, but not for authentic or unique food.
3	I love this chain.  I have eaten here many times, but not at this location. The wait was long, but that is expected for a Sat night.  Got a booth and the floor was FILTHY!  Food and garbage everywhere.   Our server, Peter, was good.  Got calamity, very good.  Split an order of pasta Carrara (subbed routine for ferrying) and then got 2 orders of the dessert Rosa to go.  Everything was good except the dessert.  We literally brought it home, shared with the family,  and after a few bites threw it away. It tasted like chili.  I don't know if they used another utensil to dish it or if that is supposed to taste like that.  However, we threw it away.  It was literally gross!Besides the dessert, it was good.  They just need to clean the floors.
4	The wait was a little long, and it really seemed like they went out of order when they started seating. I went up and expressed my concern, and then we were immediately seated. The waitress was very personable and friendly. She quickly got our drinks and orders. She appreciated that we were ready to go with our orders as soon as we sat. We were able to share a dish and salad, and we still got stuffed! The food was better than Olive Garden, and even tasted more legit and fresh.
3	Food was good, service was better! Good enough to go back again with a nice warm atmosphere. To eat, had the Caesar salad and the mushroom prosciutto pizza. Salad had old lettuce but fresh slices of Parmesan cheese. Pizza was great, very lean prosciutto and the crust was nice and crispy with a great charred taste.
5	The spice mix that they bring out and mix with olive oil to dip your bread in is simply out of this world. I'm not sure how the do it. But, I can not find the words to describe how fantastic it tastes. The rest of the food was just as good. I have always loved Carraba's when I was living in Kansas City. This location was even better.
5	This chain was one of my favorite places when I lived in Florida, since moving to San Diego I have really missed it. On a trip to Phoenix, I was very excited to learn that there was one there. We went for dinner, and they fully lived up to, and possibly surpassed, my expectations. A lot of people dump on Carrabba's because they are a chain, but to me they embody some of the best attributes that can make a chain stand out in a crowd. My only regret is that we don't have them in California yet. C'mon, we just got a Dunkin Donuts, we need Carrabba's too.
4	Great food. Great service. Good variety for the whole family. Fully stocked bar and a nice selection of wines. Homemade sausage lentil soup is my personal favorite.
3	I think as with most chains... They get old. And also the quality tends to go downI was really not happy with the service... With management... Or the overseas and food.  It was just not the same level of quality as I have eaten at this chain in other statesAnd the manager just seem to not care when I pointed out some obvious things about the quality of food and the poorly seasoning or I should say extremely over-seasoned... food so salty I could barely eat it...  But actually I did not eat it. And I called the manager overAlso noticed that when it's time to close... They forget about you and push you out the doorSo overall not a great experience
4	I love Carrabba's and have been eating there since they opened. I have been to many different locations in FL and AZ so I feel like I am a good judge of their consistency. I often order the same appetizer and entree most visits. The mussels (cozze bianco) and the Chicken Bryan.  Occasionally I stray and order a special or the veal. At any rate, this location prepared the mussels incorrectly.  They weren't bad, just not as good. The Chicken Bryan was perfect. Not the best location as far as performance and but definitely worthy. Loved the garden roof, not all locations them so that earned them extra credit!
4	First visit. Bad first impression. Wood fire grill gives off a nice dust like layer of soot you can just barely feel on too of your table when you first sit down.So onto the food. Had the chicken bacon flatbread for an app. It was a little over cooked a burned on the edges but was actually still pretty good. Jen loves balsamic glaze which was drizzled on top. She ordered for an entree the pork tenderloin with a prosciutto wrap and a side of cork screw pasta. I tasted it and it was good but it didn't blow me away. Jen likes it but also didn't blow her away. I had the chicken trio which was three probably 3oz chicken breasts; one Marsala, one chicken Bryan, and chicken Maria rosa (which was awesome next time I will order it as an entree).Service was really good. Drinks never hit bottom but for maybe a second before the waiter swapped our glass out for a fresh one. Appetizer to salads to entree were times almost perfectly. Not so Americanized like OG. WE WILL BE BACK.
1	This was the first time I've eaten here and the last! My waitress was really great however the food absolutely disgusting! This place makes olive garden look like a 5 star!I started with mozzarella sticks. Cheese melted but outside tasted like old grease. The salad was lettuce, carrots and dressing.  I'm not 4. I asked for onion croutons and tomatoes. Then the dinner. Wow, waited an hour for disgusting food! My chicken burnt and was so dry I couldn't chew it, my alfredo noodles cold, pasty and stuck together, my ravioli burnt, hard and impossible to eat without hurting your mouth because they were rock hard!I at this point was furious that I waited so long for this. When the manager came she didn't believe me and said she would check my ticket for check in time. Wow! I am not even exaggerating the hour wait. Then she said next time your chicken is hard and cold you need to tell us so we can cover it in more sauce! What! Is she serious! I let her know I tasted it and did tell you.  And sauce won't help this overcooked piece of meat!On top of all of this the water tasted so horrible we had to pay for soda, and the bathrooms (both of them) smelled like sewer with toilets that were clogged and about to overflow. And our table was sticky and dirty! Geez!I wish I never went and will stick to my cooking or rigatonis if I'm craving italian that I don't have to cook. I hope you really consider my review before you eat here. Bathrooms and tables are a good sign of not sanitary elsewhere too!Thats probably why we were both sick before we got home as well. Just from eating the salad and a couple bites. :(
4	I went here on Sunday (8/3), and I've forgotten the waitress's name, but she was a young blonde girl. Anyway, I had a fantastic time at this restaurant.Waitress - I think she was the best waitress I've ever had, so I really wish I remembered her name! Incredibly polite, really funny and charming, returned to check on us multiple times, brought out new waters without having to be asked, etc.Anyway, on to the food. The bread and olive oil she brought out at the beginning was good. Nothing spectacular, but certainly good. I ordered a caprese appetizer, and while it was smaller than I was anticipating, it was delicious, delicious, delicious. They used some of the best basil I've ever tasted. For my salad I chose the "creamy parmasan" dressing, which was really disappointing. It had an almost fishy aftertaste, which I wasn't expecting, so next time I would choose something different. And then for dinner I ordered the "tag pic pac." It was also really good. The portions were really generous for that, and I had some leftovers to take home.Five stars for service, four stars for food. I'm rounding down to 4 stars, rather than up to 5 stars, however, because our table was kind of dirty when we were seated.
4	Our favorite waitress is back! As is the old manager (John, I think?). They must have had an off night with a new manager subbing and it went dreadfully wrong. We decided to try it again after they introduced a reward program and were pleasantly surprised. I had one great meal (same items as last time), went back a couple of weeks later and tried something different (the Italian Classics). Delicious! However, I tried it again the following week and was disappointed. The chicken parmesan was burned. Like dark brown, bubbled cheese and the lasagna was unruly and tasted like it had cream cheese in it or something this time? It just kind of stayed on your tongue too long after taking a bite and was strangely creamy. Weird. So I'll just stick with the calamari, sausage lentil soup and sirloin marsala. I guess I update my review to say when they are on their game, everything is fantastic, but they can really have off nights occasionally. I guess like many places.
4	Came in on a Sunday night and sat at the bar. The bartender was amazing! We told her a little bit about our wine choices and she came up with some great wine suggestions that were right on par. Additionally she told us about a wine paring dinner that they hold every 3rd Tuesday of the month, which sounds amazing. Food was delicious as usual... all in all a great evening!
4	Coming here after Day 7 of Feast of Tabernacles here, and they had just opened the doors (So we arrived at the right time) Anyway, I went ahead with a Salmon this time, since I have had steaks at other places, I was tempted on their Lasagna, but its been a longer period of time since I had Salmon so went with that. Since they have Coke Products (BLEAH!) I went with their House Lemonade since I also didnt feel like having a Beer at that point of time- it was pretty good Lemonade as I had 4 glasses total I think.The service here was pretty prompt and courteous, so overall, if I see a Carrabba's I would have no issues coming in to eat.
1	Visiting from out of town and Carrabbas was recommended by a co-worker.  This was my first time and may be my last. I was seated promptly and my waitress gave me a menu and asked if I'd like a drink. She brought me my iced tea and that was the last time I saw her come near my table for over 20 minutes. She never returned to ask me if I wanted an appatizer, or would like to place my dinner order. So, I finished my tea and got up and left. I should have let the manager know 'why' I was leaving, but I didnt.It's too bad too, because I heard another waitress, serving the couple seated 15 minutes after I was, doing a great job at making them feel welcome and leading them through the menu, suggesting specials, etc. Guess I turned invisible for 15 minutes there.
4	After reading some of the reviews I would think twice about this place, but I did have a good experience. My family met here on Tuesday night so there was no wait.  We we're served promptly and the female server was great. I ordered a parmigiana salad that was okay but not fabulous. It was a little too salty (as previous reviews will state). It just had too much dressing and I will agree that it was lettuce with carrots with too much salty dressing. However I was hungry and ate it all. Bread and oil were good, but nothing spectacular. I ordered filet mignonette medium rare. I said pink, not raw. It was raw and it had to be returned to the kitchen. When it returned it was perfect and delicious. This is a nice restaurant for the price. Good service and nice atmosphere, nice price, but moderate food, but I still rate it a 4.
