4	It was our first time dining here the decor was very cozy and relaxed. We started our experience off with hummus and Lentil soup. The Lentil soup had to be THE BEST in Vegas. The Bread they delivered to the table with the hummus was fresh out of the oven so that was tasty. Now I am no Mediterranean food expert so I ordered the meat combination that had 5 different prepared pieces of meat. The server was friendly and explained the various pieces of meat. The food was simple but delicious. It was nice having a variety to choose from. The meat portions were just right not over bearing. I would definitely go back again.In speaking with the server he told us that they have live belly dancers on Saturday nights. No mediterranean restaurant could go without the Hookah which they have on Wednesday nights with a DJ that sometimes goes till 3 in the morning. This is something to check out for sure.I agree with the staffing level here it was pretty slim but when we went there was only 3 other tables. So it was completely manageable.
4	I love the babaganoush here. The kibbi is my favorite. Everything I've had here is awesome, and they also have a happy hour. Relaxed and chill little place, patio dining too. You can even catch a belly dancer on Friday and Saturday nights. They have a lil' hookah area if that tickles your fancy. If you do get food to go, check to make sure they've included everything. There's nothing like missing tahini sauce for your kibbi...makes me mad.
2	Khoury's was good the first time I went sense then I live close enough I've gone three more times each time not as good as the first, including the food.The service also was really slow. I have deff. had a better pita. The first time I went though I really liked it. I am not sure if they'll improve or not but I tried enough times I don't think I'll be going back soon.
4	BEST RICE IN TOWN! I'm not as big on Lebanese food as I am on Persian food but their kafta is still real good.  Their rice is something from heaven, so good I usually order an extra side.  Also, their pita bread is made fresh right when you come in, soooooo nice!  Their service is great and friendly!
5	BEST RICE IN TOWN! I'm not as big on Lebanese food as I am on Persian food but their kafta is still real good.  Their rice is something from heaven, so good I usually order an extra side.  Also, their pita bread is made fresh right when you come in, soooooo nice!  Their service is great and friendly!
4	This place is apparently run by the same owner as Hedary's up on Sahara. Both have similar menus, except Khoury's is slightly more expensive. I like the bread better here, however. The free pita that they give and the dipping oil with spices is fantastic. The two definitely have better Mediterranean food than other restaurants in town, like Paymon's. I've had their specialty baked chicken, sandwiches, and moussaka so far. I've always been satisfied with what I order. The only time that I wasn't so impressed was with the house salad. It was rather plain. Otherwise, they serve good food and I agree with the other reviewer that their rice is delicious!
4	Wow!  Took a cab from the strip. Far away. 32$$ for the cab but worth the trip and cheaper than eating on the strip. Ordered lots of different things. Took people that never ate Lebanese and everyone enjoyed it!!!
1	While the food at Khoury's is plentiful, and flavorful, the service is beyond bad. On the 4 occasions that I have eaten here we have had to wait for over 20 minutes just to have water brought to our table. On a few occasions the owners son was serving tables. This would be okay if his son were not 10. I'm sorry, but I do not go out to have a 10 year old serve my food to me. His hands were dirty and his manners were very poor. The owner also does not seem to care about the service. On our last visit when I mentioned that we had to wait so long to be greeted and brought water at our table, he simply smiled and said that if we didn't like it to never come back. I smiled back and told him that I would take him up on that suggestion and while I was at it pass the suggestion on to a few others along the way. Stay away from Khoury's, unless you like dirty little 10 year olds with poor manners serving you your food.
4	I came here for a dinner recently and we started off with this numerous assortment of appetizers. It came with little dishes of pickles, hummus, okra, green beans, salsa type thing, and you eat it with puffy pita bread that comes right out of the oven. The pita bread is SO good, fresh and hot. I had the chicken salad with a lemon olive oil dressing. It was ok. One the ground sirloin to me was not that good and reminded me a bit of lamb, maybe it was the herbs but I didn't enjoy it. The rice is good and we had a pitcher of pomegranate sangria which was pretty delicious. If I get come back here, I'll be sure to try the Hookah here.
4	I had lunch takeout. Their pita bread is REALLY good. Right out the oven, fresh hot and delicious. Hummus has pickle and pickle juice in it. Thought that was a lil different. Taste not bad though. I got the beef kabobs. I really like the rice, but the kabobs were just ok. I didn't like the dessert Sabiet(?). Not good, not worth $6. This place has spacious setting, outdoor seating. It's a pretty relaxing place. I live so far from here, but I would drive here for their food. Thumbs up for this place.
1	I went here on eevening after wanting to go for some time. I was very disappointed. Things were not very clean...tables had residue on them as if they use dirty rags to wipe them down, and then they miss a lot of food still stuck to the tables. I ordered steak and it was about as good as a steak you would expect at Denny's. But it was quite spendy! I will never go again!
4	I really like this restaurant. I am vegetarian and often look for very good and satisfying salads... Khourys salads are so good. All of them. The lentil soup is yummy and light and they have homemade fresh whole wheat pita bread which is steaming goodness. I am always very pleased after a meal at Khourys
4	Went here for lunch with a buddy of mine and had a pretty good meal.I tried "Fool" for the first time, and thought it was pretty good.  I don't know how it stacks up against other Fool though.   My soup mid course was very good and the main course of lemon peppered lamb over hummus was good, all though it was a little cold.  This was no doubt influenced by it being on bed of refrigerator cold hummus.  All that being said, the friendly service from Sunny and a generally pleasant atmosphere made for a nice experience.
3	How they make their pita bread puff up like a butt cheek is beyond my baking intelligence. Tip: Eat it fast or it, will, get, crunchy!Serving Lebanese food in the midst of every chain you can think of is a pretty good plus in my book. Why the 3 stars? Welp, the food basically satisfies your baba, kefta, falafel cravings. There really isn't any other shtick aside from the butt cheek bread that makes this place that unique. I think Paymon's is still way better!
4	I found Khoury's on my nifty BB yelp App this weekend during my annual Vegas trip. We were sick of QUICK food between our pool parties and clubs, so we decided we wanted something healthy, wholesome and delicious. We love Mediterranean food and the ratings looked promising so we decided to try Khoury's. Could it have been written in the stars that Khourys was only .5 miles away from the Vegas house?! Perhaps! A dimly lit restaurant where you can see the wood fire oven as soon as you walk in and feel the warmth emanating from it upon entering the establishment. The music was middle eastern sounding, and the familiar aromas of Lebanese cuisine pranced around my senses. We sat and looked at the menu that was rather full of variety. The salads were enticing, but when I saw the pizza choices I became curious as the descriptions were beginning to win me over. The BF wanted a Gyro, and suggested we share two meals. It was a great idea and I decide to order the veggie pizza, which came with feta and kalamata olives and TONS of veggies. We ordered the hummus to start. They brought us seasoned olive oil, FRESH pita bread that was DIVINE and some INCREDIBLE hummus. It was RICH and creamy, you could taste the tanginess of the lemon, the olive oil and the parsley. I LOVE the pickled beets they use to adorn the hummus. Absolutely fantastic. The pita was grainy, soft and fresh. It tasted amazing in BOTH of the hummus and oil. I couldn't decide which I liked better so I kept switching. Our food came out and the pizza smelled even better than it sounded on the menu. The vegetables were cooked to perfection. Not to crunchy or firm and not soggy and overcooked. It was bell peppers, squash, mushrooms, tomatoes, feta, kalamata olives and tomato sauce. The crust was awesome. Thin and soft. I was VERY impressed. I loved the feta cheese and kalamata olives on the pizza. It was different and the bold flavors always strike my palate. The gyro was awesome. It was sort of "pressed" instead of in a soft pita, so the outside was crispier. Definitely a texture we appreciated. The gyro meat was flavorful and complimented the flavors of the cucumber on the tzatziki. The fries were softer, they tasted EXACTLY like potatoes. Weren't over seasoned and appeared to be BAKED instead of fried. Overall this place was lovely. The ambiance, the staff (who I didn't elaborate on but they were VERY polite and didn't miss a beat with our service.) The food was excellent. Mediterranean food is definitely one of my favorite types of cuisine, and this one is a place I will SURELY revisit.
3	About a 3.5 would be more accurate. Our hummus had more personality than our waitress which knocked down the stars a bit. Act like you like your job and your customers and your tips would get larger, I promise.Started with the hummus which was quite good and had a neat presentation to it. Wifey had the chicken swarma sandwich and she thought it was good for her first time having it. I had a gyro, minus the lettue, and it was good as well. Something we both noticed is the pita is compressed and grilled panini style for both of our meals. I've never had a gyro served this way and I'm conflicted as to whether I'd like it that way again or not... different, but not bad. The french fries are great!Our overall impression was that it was a decent lunch but overpriced for what you're getting.
3	The Skinny: great pita bread and hummus, everything else is not so great (3), solid service (2).Khoury's is a Mediterranean restaurant tucked away in a strip mall close to Southern Hills Hospital.We started with an appy of hummus and freshly made pita. This was a delight. Really, half of it is the show of watching the pita lady knead the dough and place it in the woodburning oven. My only gripe is the serving size for hummus is a little small for $6. However, this appetizer alone is worth the trip.I ordered the Khoury's Salad with Chicken and my hubby ordered the gyros plate. (I wanted to try the moussaka but they were out.)The salad was okay - the vegetables were great but there was an overabundance of a bland dressing. The chicken itself was singularly uninteresting. It was cut so small that when cooked, it left the meat too dry. I was expecting something similar to chicken from a kabob placed on top of the salad but I have no idea how they cooked this.My hubby's gyros was ok - the gyros meat was well seasoned. However, the problem lay in the tzatziki sauce. The yogurt was not strained enough, leaving the dressing a little thin for my taste. I also prefer a little more garlic in my tzatziki. The fries served with the sandwiches are homemade - good but not great.Normally, a place like this would get only maybe a 2.5 from me, but the pita bread really put this place over the top. Maybe I ought to have tried a pizza instead.
4	We went here for dinner.  Between 2 people, we got the Mini-Mezza appetizer and the combo Kabob with shrimp, beef, and chicken.  The app was good.  Little bit of each of the dips... still too much for us.  The kabobs were great.  Tender, juicy, flavorful- delicious.  And the rice it came on was awesome.  I needed the to-go box to come sooner so I would stop eating it.Overall, loved our meal and had enough leftovers for at least another meal, probably 2.  Good vibe, small place with only a few other tables occupied.  Will go back!
3	I am a Mediterranean food junkie!! Khoury's is really authentic Lebanese food which always satisfies my cravings. It is extremely delicious and addicting! I recommend the chicken kabob plate with hummus. The fatosh salad is amazing too! I've had problems in the past with slow service but they are very friendly which, for me, makes up for it. :)
5	Khoury's I make my family come here every time I visit them.  You are by far one of the best med food places I have been!Food:  Amazing!  They make their own pita bread (you can see it rising in the oven), which comes with zatar.  The selection of appetizers is fairly large, I have tried the falafel, baba ghanoush, and hummus.  Everything I have had has been wonderful.  The main courses were all delicious as well, I have gotten the veggie kabob and the fatosh salad.  My sister has gotten the moussaka on several occasions and really likes it..so if you like moussaka it may be worth a try.The service is really good, the people are really nice and attentive. I will keep coming back and recommend you try as well.
2	At work we've been trying to explore and get out there more, so we skipped our "work lunch rotation" list and headed for somewhere new.I've gone to Khoury's once maybe two years ago and I barely remembered the place so we gave this place a try again.Let me say that the food was very good.  Their fresh bread and hummus was an absolute pleasure to eat.  We all ordered a mixed plate of Beef Skewers and Kafta - which is like a seasoned ground beef in a shape of a sausage / hot dog.  For the food, I would give it a 7/10.The service, however, left more to be desired.  This place seemed very busy from the lunch crowd but they all left by the time we got our food.  We came to this place around 1:10pm and were seated immediately.  5 minutes later we got our drink order taken.  5 minutes after that, we got our drinks and our order taken. Our food finally came at 1:45pm.  It took over 25 minutes for our food to show up.  We all ordered the same thing.  There were some notices under other menu items that it would take 20 minutes cooking time, but not under what we ordered.Also, since we were starving and digesting our own backbones while waiting for the food.  We got bread and hummus which lasted about 2 minutes.  Another bread refill was needed and acknowledged by the waitress, however it took about 10 minutes before we received more bread.  Service is a  3/10.I'm sad to say that the service killed my opinion of this place.  I'm giving it a 2 star review.  Maybe one day if we're looking to diversify our "work lunch rotation" list again we'll give this place a whirl again.
4	Khoury's is your classic Lebanese cuisine, it shares dishes, spices and ingredients from Greek, Turkish, and Israeli food. I have been there 3 times now and I have not been disappointed once. This is the best Mediterranean restaurant I have found so far on the west side of town. The only reason they did not get 5 stars in my book is that they are a bit on the pricey side for lunch, but for the amount of food it is a good value.P.S. They make fresh pita bread on site in their stone oven, it is to die for!
3	I'm not qualified to speak to the authenticity of the menu, so I'll stick to what I do know.Khoury's is a good place for lunch or a light dinner, or for a party of friends who don't mind sharing plates.  Their appetizers and tapas style dishes are their strong suit.  I never did enjoy an entree, here (dry and bland seemed to be a theme).  The fresh bread is outstanding, and excellent for scooping up hummus, babaganoush, and the cucumber yogurt dish they offer.  For someone like me, who wants to order one of everything, the bill can get out of hand in a hurry.  But if you're with friends, or at least one similarly minded companion, then the prices (again, for the apps and small plates) are perfectly reasonable.  Service was always friendly and prompt, though since the bread is fresh from the oven there can sometimes be a wait for more. Seating is comfortable, inside or out. They have no problem moving tables around to accommodate parties.  NOTE: if you have dietary restrictions, you may want to think twice...the servers weren't able to answer our questions re: gluten and nut allergens.  So, if you have a serious allergy, you'll probably want to try and contact the kitchen directly.
5	Great food with a nice selection of beer with a great happy hour.
4	Great food all around. The fresh brick pita bread they bring out is to die for, and the hummus is one of the best I've ever had at any Mediterranean or Middle Eastern restaurant.
4	A wonderful menu with the whole red snapper, shish kabobs,shawarma, kibbi, falafil, tabulli and hummus. Lunch specials are daily.
3	I've been here quite a few times and I usually only go when I'm in the area or a friend suggests. I'm always happy with the food, although it's not as good as their sister restaurant Hedary's. Their service is a bit slower as well. I do like the ambiance in this location, but it's a bit out of the way for me sometimes. The sandwiches are filling, but I'm not a fan of the pickle they sneak in there, so keep in mind if you're ordering as you might want to have that on the side. Just not sure it works with all the flavors. As always I stick with lamb schwarma or kabobs. I also often get a salad or hummus. The hummus is just ok, but it does the trick when you're having a craving.Every time I've ever been here they haven't been extremely busy, but the service for refills tends to be a bit slow, so drink accordingly.
3	Came here for dinner on a Saturday night.  It took a while to get service at the beginning but service was good after that.  The hummus was pretty tasty as was the garlic mint yogurt.  The pita was ok.  I like that the pita comes out warm, but it has strange wheat taste to it that I'm not used to with pita.  And it does get crunchy fast.They were out of moussaka, one of my favorite dishes, so I tried the stuffed cabbage.  It was ok.  Cabbage leaves stuffed with rice and meat, then cooked and covered with roasted garlic.  I couldn't finish it all.  The texture was a little offputting.  Very watery dish.  My husband had the meat combination.  The meatball that comes with it is pretty good but everything else was a little dry.  The meat combination comes with rice and that part was very, very good.  They offer tzatziki and tahini on the side with entrees so take advantage of that.  The tzatziki went well with the meat.I like that they offer Lebanese and Moroccan beers.  It's nice to try something different.  Also, they have a full bar and a lot of creative drinks.  But there are a lot of restaurants to try in this part of town.  I will likely try a different restaurant or go to DW Bistro when I am back in this part of town again.
2	They got a 2 instead of a 1 because our waitress was amazing. Although the service was spectacular, the food was medicore. It's not horrible and edible, but I wouldn't go back ever again. The flat bread (naan) was like a crispy cracker which is dissapointing when you are craving the delicious soft delicate goodness of naan. The hummus was ok....but nothing great. We ordered the Shrawrma Plate and Lamb over Hummus....IT WAS THE SAME EXACT PLATE! The meat was over salted and the strips weren't what Shwarma really is.  Definately dissapointing overall especially after spending $70 to get a non authentic menu. We LOVE this kind of food and have been experimenting other places so we know what's good and what to compare it to. Too bad, because this one is so close to our house. The place was kind of empty too,which usually we consider it's just not a popular choice of food for people but this time it was probably due to their lack of authenticity in food. It's a nice clean pretty restaurant, but all that doesn't matter when the food sucks and paid too much for it.
3	I tried this restaurant a few weeks ago and am writing from memory. That being said I went to this restaurant based on reviews. I have to admit I was let down in ways. The decor is better than I had expected, for some reason I thought it would be extremely causal aka Roberto's causal. The prices seem a bit steep for what you received. I enjoyed the variety on the menu and found it interesting that they served raw lamb.  I was disappointed when we asked for an eggplant dish after studying the menu judiciously and was told that they did not have that dish and that "eggplants were hard to come by" which is news to me. They served some sort of puffed bread which I found unusual and enjoyed. The quality of the food was good, not outstanding or even that memorable, but good enough that if I were in the neighborhood and they had a special I may come back. I believe the review I read for this restaurant recommended the baby eggplant appetizer - I tried this and it was different, which I can appreciate.
2	While the food is pretty good, the service has become increasingly horrible. I placed a to-go phone order and the girl taking my order, April, was very short and rude. She treated me like I was inconveniencing her by placing a phone order. I'm very disappointed as this restaurant used to be one of my faves.
5	so far Khourys is my all time favorite mediterranean restaurant. My wife and i go here for valentines, birthdays, and get togethers with our friends. The service has always been generous and accomodating. Prices are a bit high, but you definitely get what you pay for... If i want something good and exotic, i definetly will always choose khourys.
5	My girlfriend and I eat here quite often.  The Farooj is awesome, and is big enough to be eaten by two especially if you get an appetizer .
3	High priced, average food and below average service.  Have not rushed back here,
4	My favorite Mediterranean joint in the city. Great Morrocan atmosphere (or is it Lebanese... I don't care.... I feel like I am in their country). I LOVE the pita bread; freshly baked and hot at the table. The wait staff could use some better service skills. And I'd like to see an actual person from Lebenon in the kitchen ;-)An occasional happy hour or dinner special would be great, then I could come by every day versus once a few weeks.
1	2 stars is being generous for our lunch experience today. The food was mediocre and the service just plain sucked. My wife arrived before me, ordered hummus, water and our lunches. I arrived a few minutes later and the waitress, Elissia on our ticket, conveniently ignored me and me needing a drink. She never asked how the hummus was, pretty good actually, and she seemed completely disinterested in our dining experience.She brought us our meals with limp, barely warm fries to go with our gyro and chicken schwarma sandwich. Again, I had to ask her for ketchup to go with my fries, isn't that basic server stuff, along with more water. I also had to ask for extra gyro sauce, tzatziki, as it's quite watered down tasting and should be much thicker. Along with that the gyro had maybe 1/2 the meat that one would normally associate with a gyro.We were definitely unimpressed and I asked my wife to remind me the next time I mention going to Khoury's to prompty tell me how much I disliked our first 2 attempts dining at this restaurant. Over priced, mediocre food and garbage service.
4	Great Mediterranean food!  The only reason they don't get another star is because the service is hit & miss.  We visit here about once a week for work luncheons, and I've done dinner many times.  Food quality is always top notch.  The atmosphere is very nice.  Perfect for business lunches or dinners as well as a nice date night.Definite return customer.
4	I love, love, love the food at this place. It is awesome, and really delicious. The portions are really huge, so it makes it a fun place to go with friends so you can share and try many menu items. The decor is really pretty and they play fun music that adds to the ethnic atmosphere.I agree with the other comments that the service is hit-or-miss. I've been there before and the service was great. We went here last night and had horrible service. The server was really friendly but she basically ignored us the entire time. We were sitting out on the patio and we had to go into the restaurant multiple times and ask the server to bring us stuff, because we got sick of waiting for her to come and ask us if we needed anything or to check on us. This included drink refills and even just getting helped right after we got there and were seated. what really ticked me off was that there were more servers in the restaurant than there were customers, and i could see them all congregating and messing around and talking while we were sitting out waiting to be helped. Annoying to say the least! If you go there - expect great food but don't be surprised if you get ignored and have to work for your meal!
4	The FRESH Pita is Amazing, and the rest of the food is actually pretty good too... Had it been as good as "Byblos" in Tempe, Arizona... or as good as my mom's, i would've rated it 5 stars.
3	I've been wanting to try this place out. It was ok. Our service was great. My sister and I ordered the lunch beef kabob skewers w/ tabbuli, hummus, and baba ghanoush. I wasn't crazy about the beef skewer. It tasted like boiled beef. I was expecting it to have more of a "grilled" taste. We also ordered the chicken shawarma plate, which was recommended by our server. That was good. The portions are HUGE! "Check-in" on yelp and get  free hummus!
5	I'm a fan! They have good pita which is baked fresh and comes out toasty. The olive oil herb dipping sauce is a great complement. The mezze platter would also be a good with the pita.Lentil soup tastes fresh and homemade; very hearty.I really enjoyed the Khoury's Salad with either chicken or lamb shawrma. It's a really large portion. Service is friendly. They have a Yelp check-in offer for Free Hummus! I've gotten it twice!
5	I love this place!!!! Their food is great, hummus is nice and creamy and the  baba ganoosh is fantastic!!! Staff is friendly and atmosphere is great! I can't wait to go back!!
4	Delicious food! Pita is hot and fluffy, food is fresh! Service was good, after us several parties walked in and one server was one floor, which soon turned in to two. It seems like a trend at Mediterranean restaurants that service lacks. They were very friendly and somewhat attentive. What appeared to be the owners little kid was milling around the restaurant - which no one wants to deal with on a relaxing night out. Definitely going back - food is great.
3	Pita bread is very good
4	Their food is absolutely delicious here! Especially, their kibi. It is by far one of my most favorite dishes. It is a great place to hang out with friends or come here on a quiet night with your boyfriend or girlfriend. The workers here are very nice and the food is served relatively fast.
4	Khoury's is really good! Great Lebanese place, though I wish they did a koukou (egg/frittata type dish) like the Lebanese place in University City (St. Louis) years ago. I love the fresh pita and olive oil with herbs for dipping. Their rice is tasty, so is the moussaka, but I think my favorite is the tabbouleh. Yum! Big portions, friendly people, ok prices if you go for lunch.
4	Really good food, the pita bread was great! Freshly baked and hot. Everyone in my group enjoyed their food. Unlike many reviewers' experiences, we got very good service.
4	Nice to find a different taste for lunch. Noodles, salads or subs can only go so far. The Lebanese sandwich is tantalizing with grilled onions and almost a chutney flavor.  Most tables filled and a good lunch turn - a good sign.  Close to my office for regular lunches and so good, I'll venture across town for dinner.
2	So I'm probably biased because I've actually lived in the Middle East and worked as a cook while living there, but I wasn't impressed by anything that I ordered.  I went here because I miss a lot of the food that I used to get while living over there, and was hoping maybe this place could alleviate some of that.  Alas, it was not to be.  So I ordered the lunch meat combo as I wanted to try out the sujuk and kibbi, and was rather disappointed in it.  The sujuk came out dry, while the kibbi was rather tasty so I was happy with that.  The rice they served with it was fine, but they went and raw onion on the plate that kind of overwhelmed whatever you tried to eat it with.  Also, their "grilled" veggies that they served with it were pretty much raw, not appealing.  I would say that the biggest issue I had there was with their pita, it was overcooked, period.  Even the fresh pita I got midway through my meal was crunchy on the bottom!  Pita should NEVER be crunchy!  Also, it still had flour or something on the outside of it that was kind of grainy and not particularly appealing.  I was also somewhat annoyed to find out that I got charged for the side of pickled veggies that I asked for without being told that first by the server.  Normally at Mediterranean restaurants those pickles come with everything, so kind of surprising.  Overall, if I do end up going back to this place, I'll probably try a pizza as I've heard better things about them.
4	Awesome food!  I haven't been in the restaurant to eat, however.  I have only picked up my order and eaten at home, so I can't comment on the service of the staff while eating at their location.The hummus is pretty good.  Lots of flavor and a good sized portion.  The chicken shawarma is to DIE for.  Falafel is pretty good too.Reasonably priced and pick-up orders don't take long to process and have ready.
4	One of those little places we kept meaning to try....so glad we finally did. First, it's super cute inside! Nice tablecloths, pretty decor, lovely patio. Our server was a bit aloof but extremely efficient. The food was really good. The hummus was creamy and dreamy. The babbaganoush had a delicious smoky roasted flavor. Each were served with fresh puffed pita. I got the meat combination with kibbi and kafta. Both good. I had never tried kibbi before. It was a neat meatball covered with a wheat crust and baked. The rice was good and flavorful. Everything was seasoned nicely. Nothing needed salt.We will definitely go back!  I noticed they offer a happy hour with discounted beer and sangria.  I can picture the joy of a warm afternoon with a cheap pitcher of sangria and some great greek nibbles!
4	Pita's hot and fresh. Food was a bit salty but the Sangria fixed it.. Btw sangria = STRONG! Great service and great place to eat. Can't wait to come back for seconds and Maybe try their hookah too.. :)
4	Great lunch! Plenty of food, had to take a couple boxes home! Very nice lunch.
4	When you first sit down, make sure you get the fresh-out-of-the-oven Pitas. It is amazing. freshly baked on the premises. This place was really busy. Service was prompt and efficient.
4	I go through phases where I Yelp stalk my friends to find out where I should be eating. Thanks to a particularly inviting review from Robyn L., I made my way over to Khoury's. Of course, it is located near another restaurant I have been wanting to try. Oh well, one at a time. Khoury's has a cozy intimate feeling with rich colors that soothes the soul. Sitting in the middle of the restaurant gave us a perfect view of the oven fresh bread being made and the kitchen window. There is no viewing into the cooking area, which is a bummer. Between my friend and I, we had ordered the hummus to start. With a check in on Yelp, it is free. +1 for the pickled vegetables and whole chickpeas garnish. My friend ordered the Kafta, a ground sirloin sausage, which they grill and serve on a bed of rice. The starch was cooked perfectly and possessed so much flavor. The Kafta was good, but not moan inducing. I ordered the Lamb Swarma and it got illicit in the dining room. The noises were almost pornographic, at least in my head. The meat was tender, not gamy, and packed with complex flavor. Served with a side of rice and tahini, it was good with their warm bread. For $3.95 each, we added a Khoury's and a Greek Salad. The namesake greens was a simple lettuce, tomatoes, and cucumber number, but the dressing packed a tart punch. The lemony bite is what I crave in a salad. Forget using all that oil, just give me a pucker inducing dressing. The Greek was just as good. It had a similar base as the first salad but with feta, olives, and the classic vinaigrette. Add a couple glasses of red wine and we were chatting up a storm while enjoying the atmosphere. Around dinner time, it got busy quick. With one hostess and one waitress, they handled the crowd well. While they alternated seating and greeting, no one was left unattended to. They have a $40 four course meal for two which caught my eye. This will have to be investigated on my next visit.
1	Came in to have lunch by myself.. Stood by the door for a few min waiting to get seated. The staff just looked at me and didn't even acknowledge me. I had to walk up to someone and ask if she was seating people and she replies back "sorry, I didn't see you." I made eye contact with her twice, and on top of that I was wearing bright mint colored pants.. lol! I can't stand horrible service like this, I walked out.
5	Sangria is amazing!!!!! And the food is crazy good for some stuff being so simple. Definitely surprises you. :)Fanie the waitress is amazing! and hella funny, love her. Great place
3	Great food, strong sangria!  We went here tonight for dinner. You can't go wrong with the four course meal for two.  You get a lot of food for $39.99. The bad side, the service was extremely slow. The waitress was very friendly,  but again, very slow.All in all a good experience for the food and sangria alone.
4	Visited here based on the good reviews,chose to sit in the patio seating since it was pleasant out. As mentioned the Pita bread came out hot and fresh and a order of free yelp hummus! The falafel sandwich and fries were very tasty and best of all my girlfriend really liked everything so that's always good!. We will be back for sure!
5	The waitresses that work weekdays are awesome - I think I'm in love (non-creepy kind) with one of them.   I think she's Middle Eastern or Italian...on second thought, she might be some kind of Spanish.  Anyway, the food is great - especially the Shwarma and lentil soup.  The hummus and pita can be described in one word: totally awesome.  I realize that's two words, but I got excited when trying to come up with a description.  Oh, and if you're a fan of classy interior decoration, you're in for a treat.  If you've ever wondered to yourself "who buys the broken crap in the sale bins at Home Goods" - now you know.  It's an elegant mix of Middle Eastern, Country, and random.  They even have a deer made out of stone near the cash register - classy.  They're mixing exterior lawn decoration, with the interior.  Am I inside?  Am I outside?  Who knows?  Once you get your food, you'll stop caring and your mind will focus on the awesome flavors and smells.  Which by the way, make your fridge smell like a Persian carpet salesman if left overnight.  Not complaining, just stating fact.Seriously though, go here, your stomach will thank you, unless you have an ungrateful stomach. ;-)
5	Food was great, service was friendly, efficient, and added a warm touch to a lovely restaurant. Baklava was to die for!!! Definitely worth the drive it takes from our home. Keep up the fantastic business, Khoury's!
3	The food was tasty and the service was pretty good. If you're in the mood to try something different, check this place out. The hummus was especially good with the piping hot pita bread. Yum yum
4	4 and a half stars. great kebobs and fresh pita bread.
5	Beef shish kebob is the thing to get. If you get carry out be sure to check your order, they forgot small items numerous times (sauces, salads, etc). I still like the place though
3	Last saturday night, my wife and I had the dinner for 2 (39.95.) before ordering, i questioned the server about the size of the portions, she assured me that they were only slightly smaller than the portions  on the ala carte menu. Our dinner included: freshly made pita bread, soup or salad for each of us, 1 appetizer to share, 2 entrees and 2 desserts. Everything was wonderful until the entrees were served. The beef shwarma was fine, but the chicken was an outrageously small 1/4 of a chicken accompanied by very greasy roasted  potatoes and carrots. In my 60 + years I have never seen a chicken that small. It should be against the law to slaughter a chicken  that young. When i told the server about my dissapointment she told me the  ala carte entree was the same size, but it included  2 pieces of chicken. Since i inquired about the size of the portions rightup front, she should have warned me about the size of the portion when i was ordering. She also dissapared for quite awhile toward the end of the meal. aside from that the service was good.Very good greek salad, grape leaves, beef shwarma, baklava and pita bread. Decent lentil soup and rice puddingDinner without the chicken 4.5 starsDinner with the chicken 2.5 stars.Service 3.5 starsOverall 3 stars
5	This place is delicious! I have been here a number of times and never had a disappointing meal. Once we ordered Kafka and a Greek Salad for dinner and they brought us Lamb and hummus.I am not really one to eat much outside my comfort zone, but this place is amazing. I ate there recently and had the lamb and hummus. All of the flavors were perfect together. We also love this place because it has outdoor and indoor seating and is very friendly to our kid. I recommend it to everyone
2	It was nice to try a new place, but I don't think any of us were impressed with our food too much. We had the grape leaves for appetizer, I am not a fan anyhow so I did not partake, but the girls did not finish them and said they were not very good. I ordered a Shwarma, which here is different than any I have had before, just meat and onions? I packed it up to go. My friends ordered cabbage wrapped meat...I am not sure what they are called. They packed everything to go as well, no one was really a fan of anything we ordered. We asked for some containers to take our tzaziki sauce to go, instead the server brought us out three large to go sauces and charged us each a dollar fifty for them. It was an interesting experience, but I won't be back.
5	i love this place!!! they have fresh pita bread fresh out the oven and the food is always great!!! this place is veggie friendly too... whenever i go i order the house mezza plate... its enough food for 3-4 people! its a whole bunch of small veggie appetizer plates... THE BEST! they also make THE BEST GARLIC SAUCE!!!
4	Love, love, love the food here. I could eat mediterranean food every day without a problem. I have relatives who are from Lebanon so I grew up eating grape leaves and jocoque.The food here is really good, I've tried probably everything on their menu. All of their appetizers are good, in particular th grape leave although they could be bigger! The lentil soup is also great.They have different types of kabobs, lamb, beef, chicken, fish... This is like the only kabob place that asks how you want your meat cooked, major plus. Lamb should be medium-rare in my opinion. Oh, and they also make their pitas on the spot with a wood-burning oven. Delish!For me the food merits five stars, however the service is lacking. The first time I came here I made a reservation on Open Table. Once we arrived and I informed the waitress we had a reservation she was like, Wha's open table? Reservation, huh? They can be kind of brusque at times, but the food is so good that it rarely bothers me. They also offered a Groupon about a year ago which was a total steal. Best place in town for kabobs, hands down.
5	What's not to love about Khoury's? Food is amazing, restaurant is nice to look at, and they even have hookah out in the patio. Been here 4 times and haven't had a bad meal yet. The food is one of the closest to authentic ME cuisine I've found in Vegas. I go back and forth to Anaheim every other week so you can imagine how much ME food I'm exposed to!
5	Awesome place!  It's very vegetarian and vegan friendly!!  My bf and I had the dinner special for $40.  It comes with an appetizer, soup or salad, main meal, and dessert.  Here's what we ordered:  I ordered the lentil soup-awesome with lots of veggies-lentils are an awesome source of protein since I'm vegan. :)   We ordered falafel for an appetizer-excellent.  It's very tasty and i like all the vegetables that come with it.  For the main course, I ordered the Mousaka which is an eggplant dish.  I'm not an eggplant lover, but this dish was good.  I like the texture of the eggplant, and the garbanzo beans on top of it.  My bf who is not vegan had the lamb kabobs.  He said it was ok.. the meat was a little over cook, but he still ate all his food.  :)  For dessert we had the baklava. it was very delish.  Also, the pita bread that they serve is awesome!!  I could just eat that for dinner!  It's warm and  fresh.  I like the olive oil and nut/seed dip that they give with the bread. This place is really nice and it looks fancy, but for $40,  I think the dinner special was a great deal.. It was a lot of food.  The service was good and I would definitely come back again.  I just think Mediterranean food is healthy.
4	If you are tired of eating burgers or sandwiches and feel a bit more adventurous, you have to try this Mediterranean restaurant. They have an extended menu, so you will definitely find something you would like. I heard they are popular for their hummus so I had to try it ---not a disappointment at all -- Their lunch /dinner plates come with the choice of hummus, salad or soup, I really liked the fact that you have a pretty good selection of sides besides soup or salad. I ordered the combination kabob which included your choice of 2 meats (lamb, shrimp, chicken or beef) the best part was the freshly made pita bread (that was awesome )  oh and  did I mentioned that they also have hookah services...
4	Excellent food, very veg friendly but lots of meat options too. Homemade pita bread is awesome! They have a 2-person dinner special for $39.95 that is a LOT of food - easily enough for lunch the next day too. Lentil soup was terrific, very flavorful and not mushy. I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because it's a bit pricey, but the food is definitely 5 star. Cheerful waitress, happy to offer suggestions. We will definitely come here again!
5	I hugely enjoyed the gyro I ordered. This location has a great environment and is definitely family friendly. I'm excited to go back and try the shawarma sandwich that my friend had.
1	I will not ever go back to this place...My out of country relatives were about to leave the town and we decided to take them out for a dinner at Khoury's. Place was absolutely empty that evening so I thought we will get full attention of server and the kitchen staff but it turned out that they didn't care for us bringing them business that night at all.We ordered $40 dinner specials and it was a worst disappointment ever. Bread was stale and turned into dried up pieces within 10 minutes. Soup was OK. The worst part was the entrees. Lamb shawarma was dry and had a funny taste to it. Rice looked like it was re-heated after sitting in a container for a while. I really tried to eat the meat but it was so unappetizing that I gave up after a few bites. My relatives were not happy eaters either. After a bit of a hesitation I tried to explain to the server that our food (especially for the money we paid) is far from acceptable. She was apologetic but told us that she cannot do anything about it and she has to call the manager. After some time so called manager showed up (he claimed to be a manger but I know he is the owner) and gave us "I don't really care" look and offered 10% discount and some food to go. This is a slap in a face! We didn't like the food in a first place and now we are being offered same horrible food to go! 10% discount - please.... I don't want to pay for it at all the way it was prepared! In the end I didn't want to argue  (especially in front of our relatives that don't speak much English) and settled the bill as it is.P.S. Upset stomach for 3 people in our party till next day... Worst $100 ever spent on dining out.
1	My husband and I took our out-of-town guests here. Biggest mistake! No one else was there, bread and lamb were hard as a rock, and the service was horrible! It was a complete waste of money because we all went home hungry, and shameful to have taken our guests there. We will never return to this place.
1	Great apps! Elham is a fantastic server, ask for her if you go, but you shouldn't everything else was horrible! Just go next store to DW bistro instead!
4	Great place for some fresh Mediterranean food. The Pita was amazing and wish I could take some home. The Hummus was okay, wasn't the best I had. The service was not that great for being there on a weeknight with only 3 tables being taken. We ordered a few of the Kabobs (Shrimp, Steak, Chicken). All were amazing and the Rice was on point. The atmosphere felt a little outdated and needed a bit of freshening up. But overall, great food and will visit again.
1	This is a review out of my experience on 04-22-2013 12:30 pm.When I entered the restaurant and waiting at the front to be seated. I observed two women at the cash register drawing verbal swords at each other at high pitch. Every customer can hear their verbal combat and me as well.After 5 minutes of quarrel they finally noticed me and said we are closed. That's very polite lolz. May be today is not a good day for them and I totally understand. But I felt that is awkward.
3	After the awkward experience on 04-22-2013, I gave this restaurant one more chance. Some times shit happens but that should not stop you from tasting good food. So no hard feelings there.I went to this restaurant on 04-30-2013 at 11:45 AM PST.Got seated immanently. Thoroughly enjoyed Middle Eastern Music.Clean Restaurant.Ordered Chichen and Lamb Combo Kabob.Hummus came as a side Item.They Server Complimentary Bread with home made sauce to dip in.Food is Awesome. Let me start with the Bread. Never Had such a fresh bread in Vegas. I will go there again for the bread alone. The bread dipping sauce is awesome too.Kabobs are tasty but i can not rate them as the best i ever had.Rice tastes great.This time I am very happy with the service. I will go there again for the Bread :)
4	A group of us came here for lunch.  The food was delicious.  We started off with the large hummus and warm pita bread.  That appetizer is a must.  A few people had the greek salad with gyro meat.  I had the chicken kabobs and others had the gyro sandwich with fries.  My kabobs were outstanding and everyone enjoyed there food too.  The service was a little slow, but I will excuse it since the place was full of people.
4	Lebanese mediterranean food, the chicken shawerma sandwich was quite tasty, very good fresh pita bread too!
5	Amazing!!! Anything I've ordered has been so good and consistent every time!! From the hummus /fresh pita  to the lintel soup or my favorite Greek salad with chicken swigmira , I've yet to be let down!
3	The BF and I came with our friends who live on this side of town. I've heard good things about the food and they said there were certain things they order that is quite nice there so we decided to give it a go. We decided to do the dinner for two. Its' $39.99 and you get a choice of a soup or sald each, a shared appetizer, a entree each, and a dessert each. It seemed to be the way to go for dinner, since the prices are more during dinner than lunch...but it seems the portions look to be the same in pics? I don't get why places do that. Lentil Soup - pretty good actually. Lighter type broth and had some spinach and the squeeze of lemon made it quite good. Greek Salad - pretty plentiful and the components were fresh. A bit overdressed, but still good. Our friends got other kinds of soup, chicken and a beef and rice one. For appetizer we got- Baba ganoush - pretty solid, a bit smoky and nice texture. I like that there was a bit of pink pickles, I wish we ordered a plate of pickles. Hummus - our friends got this and it was decent flavor and consistency, but the baba ganoush was the winner. They handmake their own puffy pita which is a plus, and ask for refills. They give some olive oil with zaatar. Beef kebob - it was just OK. It could use more flavoring and was rather small pieces to be charging what they do. On pictures, it seemed that kebobs were much plumper back then. Moussaka - it was a vegetarian one, and wasn't like a traditional stacked style but more a stuffed eggplant with chickpeas and tomato sauce. It's their own take that reminds me of Lebanese stuffed eggplant. It was good for vegan version, but disappointing that I was expecting it to be something else. The thing that was crappy is our friend LOVES their moussaka here and always ordered it - when it had meat in it. He was so disappointed he sent it back because it was not really something he was aware changed. I don't get why they would get rid of a classic. I know they got requests for more vegetarian options, but that sucks for everyone else. Could be in addition to, not instead of. Stuffing a eggplant with meat mix vs the chickpeas isn't too difficult. Please, don't let vegans ruin a good thing. We got the baklava to go. It was a plentiful serving of 4 little rolls each which was nice. It was pretty decent and oddly we got two different batches of one crispy and one not as crispy and we all had different opinions which we preferred. Service was odd. She was nice in a kinda awkward way of trying to make chit chat, but was definitely struggling to serve 3 tables with basics. We ordered fries and hoped for bread ASAP since there was a slightly cranky baby with us too. Our bread was sitting on the pas for a while so it was more crunchy than fluffy when we got the first batch. Boo. It was also a wait for the bill even though it was clear mom and baby were gone, my BF was getting fresh air and we needed.For having spent $100 for dinner for 4, we expected far better. It seems my friends who are regulars even seem to be a bit upset and don't want to be back when that particular lady is working (they seem to only get bad service with her) and hope that the moussaka will be back. I live far enough that I'm not sure if I will make the effort to come back, specially since DW is next door. Maybe to-go of some baba ganoush.
1	Freezes burned gyros and soggy fries delivered by poor service.  Take a pass! A friend and I stopped into Khoury's for lunch.  Big mistake!  We ordered gyros and fries and were super disappointed when our food arrived.  It was cold, the gyro meat was clearly pressed out and formed instead of sliced as we would have expected. To make things worse the gyros tasted like it was microwaved.  We left the food uneaten. It just wasn't worth it.To make matters worse the service was poor and the prices were high.  Do yourself a favor and go through the drive through somewhere.
4	When the question of "what do you want to eat?", this is one of the first places that come to mind. Aside from the convienance of it being located close to my house, the food is really good! Quiant atmosphere,  and friendly staff.
3	I looked up Khoury's on Sunday after I had a Kibbeh-craving, which can be hard to satisfy in Vegas! We almost didn't go because of so many poor one- and two-star yelp reviews, but I'm glad we did. It wasn't the best middle eastern food I've had, but certainly good enough, and everyone we spoke to/interacted with was really friendly.We ordered takeout and tried:Hummus: very decent, I really liked the lemony tasteBaba Ganoush: my favorite thing we ordered (easy since it's one of my favorite foods, but it was pretty good baba)Grape Leaves: not the best, wouldn't order againLamb-over-hummus: I didn't love this because it was pretty oily, and we ended up with so much hummus, but this was my husband's favorite thingKibbeh: Not quite as good as I was hoping for (they make it with beef instead of lamb), but still pretty good, and grilled instead of fried which makes it a little healthier!They had a little patio for hookah as well, so next time we might try dining in and sample their hookah. I would definitely go back.
4	The food is fantastic and the ambiance is good.  It is a great family restaurant. The Kibbi and Farooj are awesome!
3	My second time to this restaurant. Must say, I love their Pita Bread! Brought out nice and steamy hot, complimentary when you order an entree. Our server was nice but not super efficient. For food, I ordered the meat grape leaves, which was good, but more tart than expected. Good thing I saved some pita bread to eat with it, which makes it much better. Tried the Kanafi for dessert and I cannot make up my mind if I like it or not... it's definitely different than a traditional dessert like cake or pastry. Overall, this place isn't bad, it is good to try Lebanese cuisine, but with so many amazing food options in the area, I don't know that I'd come back anytime soon.
4	My dad had a Lebanese restaurant 50 years ago and I've eaten at hundreds of other middle-eastern restaurants all over the U.S... Khoury's is great. We really expected mediocre food based on the location and were so pleasantly surprised. Their rice pilaf, we also had kebabs and kafta which was all delicious. Their hummus is as good as you'll find anywhere, we asked for and got garlic sauce with our bread and the garlic sauce is also as good as you'll find in any Lebanese restaurant. I am comparing them to my family's food as well as the many Lebanese restaurants in Dearborn, MI and southern California and you can bet, this is up there with the best. And their made-to-order, homemade bread is the best I've ever had. Anybody who doesn't think Khoury's is great simpy doesn't like Lebanese food which I find hard to believe but to each his own. If you like middle-eastern food, this place is a gem. We ate their for the first time Saturday night with a friend from out of town and we had to go back Tuesday by ourselves. It is wonderful.
5	The service tonight great.
1	SEND THE HEALTH DEPARTMENT OUT.  FOOD SERVED WITH HAIR IN IT & THEN REFUSES TO ACKNOWLEDGED THEIR UNSANITARY PRACTICES & EXPECTED YOU TO PAY FOR IT. Serves was very, very poor. Management was very, very rude & offensive. 1st, Server claimed the soup & salad order jammed in the printer, so we were not served timely. Then she served the food with hair in it. Another employee pulled the hair out of the food & then returned the plate to the kitchen. Next the "owner"  basically said we placed the hair in the food & had to pay for 1/2 the meal when we had not eaten ANY of the food & why would we put hair in food we wanted to eat?  The four spears of lamb shish kabobs, along with the rice & onions were left at the table. We paid for what we ate soup & salad, NO TIP for server & no compensation offered by the business for their poor services.
2	I visited this restaurant last Wednesday only because one of my doctors has an office right across the street.  The food that I ordered was really good.  I had the chicken shwarma(sp.) to go YUM!  The chicken was tender and seasoned very well and the tahini sauce OMG was fabulous.  I was going to get a side of Tabouleh but there is no way in hell I was going to pay over $10.00 for it!  I gave this place 2 stars because yes, I have had better and for WAY cheaper.  Get this, Khoury's also owns a "take-out" spot in Henderson called Yalla with almost the exact same menu.  The biggest difference between the menus are some of the entrees offered at Khoury's are not offered at Yalla and the items that are identical...are @ least $4.00 cheaper at Yalla.  I asked one of the waitresses why the huge difference in prices for the same items and her response is that Yalla is "take-out" only and Khoury's is a sit down restaurant.  WTF?  What about people like myself who come into Khoury's and place an order for take out?  This makes absolutely no effen since to me.  Why don't they just mirror the prices and increase them for the dinner crowd?  My $10.76 chicken shwarma would have been $5.99 at Yalla and any other Mediterranean Restaurant east of Nevada(maybe even cheaper).  As much as I love Mediterranean (Lebanese) food, I won't be visiting this restaurant ever again.
1	Came here as a large birthday group. Asked if they could split the check ahead of time. They said no. Getting our food was the most amazing mess ever. Bad. Bad. Bad. We were given the check but was taken away to be replaced with the actual check with added party gratuity. In the end one of servers admitted they should've split the check. No shit. Food was mediocre and water refills would've been nice.
5	Best lebanese food in vegas. Great service and a very extensive menu. Its a little far from the strip but definitely worth the trip. Highly recommend the large mezza order, okra, and fried cheese.
4	Great service. Great patio seating. Excellent lentil soup, sangria, and falafel.  Would definitely come back.
5	Ate here for lunch with my husband a few weeks ago & had one of the best Lebanese meals since I moved to vegas from L.A! The sangria was surprisingly phenomenal & the stuffed grape leaves were equally delicious with the exception that they didn't come with the traditional yogurt. Coming back as soon as I can.
5	The food, service and atmosphere was awesome. The food was fresh and very flavorful. The food servers were helpful and very accommodating.  The owners came out and greeted us which very unusual and impressed me. I would highly recommend Khoury's.
1	Not too impressed with this place. They were severely understaffed when we were there, leading to an incredibly long wait for not only someone to take our order, but also our food and then our check. Two people that were seated after us walked out after being ignored for 10 minutes. Some of the food was good, especially the lentil soup and the babaganoush, but the meat platter was horribly overcooked. Needless to say, I'm not going back.
4	Probably one of my favorite Mediterranean restaurants in Las Vegas that I have been to so far. Lunch or Dinner are great. Unique Lebanese dishes that I haven't seen at other places,  but the same traditional stuff as well.Get the Lentil Soup... its greatMoussaka (not sure if i spelled it correctly) is the best I've had.Desert or no desert get the Arabic Coffee... they put a tad bit of sugar/cardamom in it so ask for it without if you don't want it. Service was good, but not great... slow-ish but not annoying.
5	The service has improved dramatically. The food is exceptional as always! Love Khourys. April is the BEST!
5	Best mediterranean resto in town.. From their soft hot pita bread to the beef kabob. Prices are in the highs but the food is good. Good eats people.. Good eats.
5	Khoury's  caters our lunches and holiday party. Great food. We love it.
5	Love this place. I work at a salon close by and we order at least once a week. The service is lovely and the food is great! Greek salad with chicken and hummus is wonderful. Go try it out!
1	I was in the mood for Mediterranean food last night, now this is such a vast area and is influenced by many countries. I have eaten many dishes good and bad from this area, not saying I'm an expert nor claiming to be. But good food is simply good food. This place was not the best and for the prices not worth coming back to. The beef and rice soup was salty, the chicken and garlic soup bland, beef kebobs can use more seasoning, the house specialty chicken farooj was just lemon and garlicy and their mini house mezza was not worth 18.95. The pita bread was falling apart and crumbly, very strange. The service was like the food not the best, they were chatting away by the register and then once in a while checking up to see if your ok.
5	The food here is absolutely delicious!!! The best Mediterranean food I've had in Vegas so far. Everything is so tasty and spices are just right. I love their hummus, fresh bread, and tilapia kabobs. Their servings are a pretty good size too (which is a plus for me because I can have leftovers later). Pricing is not bad either. I highly recommend this place!
5	Best place for middle eastern food in Vegas so far. And I am sure about it cause I've tried several places cause this is too far from where I live and somehow I just have to come back here. Food and service always good and love the fresh pita.
4	Khoury's is wonderful. Good food and friendly service. I love the food. The freshly baked pita starts your meal off nicely. We always get hummus for dipping and the two are so good I'm always in a good mood by the time the mains arrive. My wife is vegan and I haven't met an animal that wasn't tasty. So this place is great for us with a big variety. I've liked everything I've tried. I love the wait staff. So friendly. Sometimes kitchen gets backed up and a little slow for what you'd expect based on dine in capacity. Could be take out or catering, not really sure and only reason for holding back 5th star. Friends over in this area always told us we would the place, we finally drove over after hearing about it for a year. Now we go at least once a month.
5	Great food, friendly staff. I live close by and will be a regular for sure. Love it !!
4	Solid place to get your Mediterranean fix on!Came here for Valentine's dinner. They had a set vday menu... 4 course meal.Everything was on point from the pita bread, hummus, kafta, baklava and everything in between.The Greek salad was heavy on the dressing and my mint tea was a little weak but they were accommodating and gave me more fresh mint. I think there were under staffed for vday dinner, service was okay.If I'm in the area I wouldn't mind coming back for lunch and trying stuff from their regular menu.Casual dining. No problems with parking.
5	I love this place. Being from that part of the world, I know what is good and what isn't. This place is good trust me. I live nearby and go all the time.
4	Delicious food and cute atmosphere. Better than Paymons!  Only complaint is that the food takes forever to come out. Portions are large and ingredients taste fresh and high quality. With the amazing fresh wood fire oven baked pita and an order of hummus, we were full before our dinners finally did arrive. Recommend but only if you have a lot of time to relax and patience.
4	Such amazing food....that's why I'll keep coming back.  The staff is super friendly and I always feel like they remember me!  They always know the answers to my vegan questions and allow me to swap walnuts for cheese at no additional charge. Awesome :)  My ONLY complaint is, during lunch, the service has been sooooooo slow lately.  I've noticed they hired a busser, which really helps... And I know everything is made from scratch......but when you're in a hurry, this is a problem.  Especially when you just ordered a vegan salad.  The hefty wine pours make it all ok though ;)
2	didn't like it at all. overpriced and staff wasn't all that friendly. food was whatevers. I went here about 2 years ago and haven't been back. Nothing about this place lures me to come back. I wouldn't really recommend to my friends.
4	The food here is fantastic and the pita bread is my absolute favorite. Unfortunately, I've been back several times and the service is always unbearably slow. If you have to get back to the office during lunchtime, I'd go elsewhere. Otherwise, relax and enjoy the grub!! I highly recommend the lentil soup!
1	Lastnight was the first time of going to this restaurant. It was recommended to me by a friend. My cousin was craving good Mediterranean food, so I was like why not. As we entered the restaurant was quaint and looked presentable. We stood by the hostess station for a few minutes, the lady in a white shirt noticed us but ignored us and continued to help the seated guests. Then finally a nice woman in a black shirt asked if we were helped and handed us a menu. After looking through the menu my cousin finally decided on what she wanted. So the woman in the black shirt took us to the cashier area to take our order. While she was taking our order, the lady in the white shirt (she wore glasses , on the hefty side, and have glasses) was so rude and didn't even say excuse me and told her to stop checking us out because she 'doesn't like for her customers to wait for a check'... In my head I was like what are we?? And then she was rude and pushed that girl to the side after she voided our order and the woman in black told her "she's ordering" and the lady in the white shirt was so rude and talked down to her and us and said "well she doesn't care. I think she doesn't care! What I say goes..." So from that comment I knew immediately she was either an owner or a manager. After that experience, the woman in the black shirt was nice and pulled us a chair. While we were sitting there all she did was whine and complain. My ears were literally hurting from her negative behavior.   I have never experienced such verbal abuse to other employees and to waiting customers. I honestly think the woman in the white shirt was racist, only helped people that were blonde or looked Caucasian. She seemed to treat the people with background that is different of her own with such distaste. After that we got home and glad we didn't have to sit through being around her negative aura.  I can't believe I gave them a 1 star but I did because there was no other option. The food was mediocre. Kudos to the women who wore black t-shirts and have to deal with the woman in the white shirt every time they work there.
4	I love this place for the food, but the service is exceedingly SLOW but very nice.  Don't go in unless you have the time to spare.Baba ganosh, hummus and pita with the Greek salad w/ Chicken Sharma are among my favorites.  The dressing for the salad is so simple but incredibly flavorful (lemon, garlic, olive oil).I keep wanting to take the husband here but we usually think of it on Sunday when they're closed.
5	The ambiance is very nice and the outdoor patio is great! The hummus and pita are the best in town and you can't beat the 4 course dinner for two for $40. The food is fresh and flavorful, Greek salad is garnished with their house Greek dressing and the pita comes out piping hot. This is the best Mediterranean restaurant in town!
4	I was taken to Khoury's by a friend, and I do have to say that I enjoyed my experience! So much so that I have been there a couple of times since. I DO think that it is a bit pricy for Mediterranean food, but it is worth visiting for the pita bread alone. You can see it coming fresh out of the ovens. It is served warm and is excellent with every dish that they have!Speaking of dishes, make sure that you try their lentil soup as a starter! It is delicious.I am a big fan of their kabobs. Their sandwiches are also excellent and come with french fries that are pretty delicious!
4	This is one of the better Mediterranean places you will find in Las Vegas. The quality of food here is far better than Paymon's. I agree with my reviewers that it is slow service, but part of that is because everything is made fresh to order.They start you out with a pita bread made fresh in the oven served with dips.I almost always order the Lamb Swarma served with fries. Never been disappointed!My guests have ordered Kabobs, Baba ganosh, and salads. Everyone seems satisfied. Lunch is very busy, so I suggest an early dinner. Nice people, even if they are slow, they aim to please.
1	I love Mediterranean food and good service. This restaurant was neither especially the latter. I've worked at a 5 star/5 diamond  restaurant but have my favorite hole in the wall no star joints with excellent service and quality food.  Will never step foot into this restaurant again. No customer service (no one greeted us as we waited at the podium for 10 minutes and servers kept passing by) and food is mediocre. Doesn't taste authentic and food is overpriced. Not recommended!
1	The worst food we ever had!!! Everything is way over salty and if you want to have Heart attack symtoms, visit Khoury's. Meats feels very rubbery and uncooked as if your eating a rare steak but it's kafta kabob!!!Over priced for junk food!!!We  will be notifying the health department a swell.
5	I love the chicken sandwich and the homemade pita bread  staff is supper friendly
5	My boyfriend and I eat at or get takeout from here 2-3x a week. It is our favorite Mediterranean restaurant and can't say enough great things about it.The fresh baked pita, hummus grape leaves, whatever we have ordered we loved. But the Sangria is the BEST. We love to sit outside on the patio to relax and enjoy the food and drinks. The service at time can be slow, but we actually enjoy this aspect of the restaurant. We are never in a rush or feel rushed to place our order or leave as soon as we are done. We normally sit there for 2+ hours.And Brisia is absolutely amazing and love when she is our waitress.
4	First time eating here and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Casual atmosphere with nice friendly service. Food had great flavors and well prepared.  I would totally go back for more and recommend it to friends and family.
5	My favorite Lebanese restaurant in town. Great place fast and reasonablely priced fresh food. Fresh baked bread. Love the hummus!!!!
2	The place looks like you are going to get the best Mediterranean food in Vegas, Buy it is not. I didn't like the food at all. The Gyro was the worst I have ever had.  And silly me for ordering Pizza from a Mediterranean place. One word Gross. I will Not be returning to this place.
4	Hey fellow Yelpers!  I thought I'd put another rating out for Khoury's.  They are a really great establishment and mean well.  I've visited them since my last yelp and again the shawarma(sp.) was simply amazing.  One day I would like to sit down in their restaurant and enjoy a meal, maybe try something else on the menu.
4	I haven't been here in a while and I need to come back sooner. I love their hot bread! I tried something out of the norm, as I normally get a gyro. I tried the stuffed cabbage. It tasted better without the tzatziki sauce.  I thought that was a weird combo as a side sauce.  It actually was a better combination with the beef tomato soup.  Very kid friendly.  My daughters enjoyed enjoyed their big portion of cheese pizza.  My 4 year old said it was yummy! Overall, we enjoyed our dinner!
5	This is our third visit to Khoury's and we love it! The outdoor patio is gorgeous and the food is authentic and delicious. Don't come here for a quick bite, everything is made in house so it can take a little time to get your meals. The service is great, totally recommend it!
5	Pleasant surprise , we were headed to another nearby restaurant but the line was too long, so we opted to try Khoury's. We were not disappointed, since we had not been there before we opted for the four coarse meal for two so we could try more. The couple with us ordered a sandwich and shrimp. We all enjoyed everything. The spicy hummus was amazing. While I have had little experience with Mediterranean food I loved the food and a Extensive meal for 4 with deserts was a great value at under $75. We had a great lunch the next day with leftovers. Also the tasty bread comes to you right out of the oven. It was fun to watch it made. We will be back.
5	We love everything about this place..   Gyro n hummus rock...  Baklava is sooooo good.  Bresia is the nicest waitress.
1	Very sad that the owner has so little concern for how his servers are treatedAs a local ( Spanish Trail  ). Awful that the owner cares more about the flash  & trash of the visitor than  neighborsI will NEVER return to Khourys again.     I rang for 30 mins to place an order.  No one picked up.  VM each time.   On one last try ( as it is stated in their printed materials they are open 7 days per week ). Phone was picked up .. After 30 (!!!!) minutes on hold ( I was grocery shopping ).  I was hung up on.   Once I placed my order.  I was told "30 mins".   Upon arriving at the restaurant there was a group of about 40 people.   Loud.   Gross drunk.    Also many filthy. Uncleared tables from previous diners  I was told my food (take away) would be ready in10-15 minsA hideous boisterous obtrusive man. (Drinking non stop)  berated the female servers.   Entered the kitchen telling the staff to "keep the kabobs coming "At one point I asked one of the servers if I should ring the LVPD.   She hesitated & then said " world of poker players-- probably best not " There were people drimking & smoking on the sidewalk in front of the restaurant.   I asked if they were "World Series of poker players" & they confirmed they were I brought home 80.$ worth of food.   The kabobs were hard & over cooked The rest.  Mediocre at best Do not go here !!!!!!!!!Do not let your daughter.  Friend. Sister.   Wife.  ANY female work here.    Ugh ugh ugh.
5	THE BEST HUMMUS I've ever had!  Like ever. Fresh, healthy options. We love the catering options.
5	I love Khoury's. We have eaten here several times and haven't had a bad meal. The pitas are fresh out of the oven. Our favorite thing to do is order either the house or the mini-house mezza to share. It's a great option to start with if you aren't familiar with the cuisine.
4	Very good Mediterranean food with excellent customer service. My girlfriend had the Chicken Kabob and I had the falafel. Both items were good and the portions were rather large. Lots of food for the price. We especially like the hot pita and Baba Ganoush. We would definitely come back and recommend Khoury's if you are in the area. Keeping in mind that we only visited for lunch, I think I would prefer lunch (before 3:00) over dinner.
4	We work down the street and the entire staff LOVES this place. It is very hard to please everyone. When reps from various companies ask what to bring for a lunch in service, we always say Khourys!I can even use it as bribe food lol Everyone looking forward to and excited about a Khourys day...gets lots more work out of them. Yes, it's about the simple things to us!The bread is delicious and soft. It is the best rice, chicken, hummus and salad I've ever had and 15 staff all agree. Not many places do it all so we'll...they do! Baklava was a hit too! Brought a platter to my family's for 4th of July BBQ and everyone loved it. I didn't think the kids would like its complex taste in the midst of Oreos and chips ahoy, but I was wrong! They devoured the whole thing. These poor kids are deprived of delicious Mediterranean food, never having hummus before! That's a definite must-bring next get together. Especially hummus that's so hit or miss....Khourys is always consistently delicious.Love their food!! Everyone does!
5	This place was fantastic! We had the beef and kafta kanob meals, hummus, lentil soup and baklava. Everything was so fresh and delicious.  Nice atmosphere and excellent service. The servers made it even more enjoyable for us. We highly recommend and will be back!
4	Their lentil soup...delicious!! Their walnut salad...amazing!  I usually get these two things when I go. Generous portions in the salads with loads of whole walnuts. I've tried a few other dishes on the menu and they've been good, too. Oh yes, their fries are homemade and super tasty too!
3	I like Mediterranean food. Khoury's catered our meeting. The food came on time. Chicken Skewer:Mildly flavored and perfectly cooked - not dry. Has red and green bell peppers, mushrooms and onions. Onions were a bit raw. 3/5Beef Skewer:I was very disappointed with this. Grilled meat is hard to screw up. Though tender, the beef was poorly seasoned so it didn't have flavor. The onions were bordering on raw. 1/5Hummus and Pita Bread:Their hummus is more lemony than other places which isn't a bad thing. The warm pita bread was great. It wasn't heavy or doughy. 4/5Baklava:Light, flaky and sweet - just the way it should be. Not generous on the nuts and filling though. 3/5The rice was a hit and so was the salad. It's not the best place for kabobs or other Mediterranean food but it's not awful.
5	YUM!! I have been here twice and had a great experience both times. The pita bread is fabulous. This is the type of restaurant where you sit down and enjoy the experience. Take your time and enjoy the ambiance and food. It is great Mediterranean food.
4	The traditional Lebanese appetizers are the restaurant's best dishes.
2	I came here for lunch for lunch with a friend and the food was good.  I ordered the chicken kabob plate with rice & salad.  The chicken wasn't dry and had a great flavor.  The rice was delicious.  However, the service was horribly slow!  It took forever for our server to come and ask for our drink order and then another 10 minutes or more to take our food order.  The restaurant was pretty empty, as we came in at the end of the lunch hour so it wasn't because they were so busy.  I had to remind her twice to refill my drink!  I'm so glad we paid with cash because it may have been another 30 minutes to ring up a credit card.  Good service is important to me and with the kind of service I had there I will not be back.  I can get good Mediterranean food elsewhere.
5	We were in the area on a Monday night and it was recommended we go to DW Bistro on Ft Apache and Patrick.  They happen to be closed on Mondays, so we walked down to Khoury's Mediterranean right before happy hour ended and had some of the best Lebanese/Mediterranean food we have ever had in this town.  Happy hour had $2.00 beer, $5.00 Sangria and some appetizers.  We tried the regular hummus and the regular french fries.  The hummus came with three large hot puffy fresh pita breads that were so good, it was unbelievable. Both apps were great, the fries freshly cut and fried with skins on....YUM!  We actually ordered the Meat Combination plate and shared it, which gave us a great adventure in new tastes and was plenty of food - in fact we took some home.  I have to say it was the best rice I have ever had anywhere, just so nutty and flavorful.  The next day I took leftovers to work and someone asked me what it was because there were so many flavors she smelled in the kitchen.  Next time we are on that part of town, we will be back.
1	I will give them 1 star because the lentil soup and fresh pita bread. The server was nice but I really wish she had offered something in return for the 1/4 of the meal that was actually eaten because the meat in both our entrees was bland and very dry. Smelled amazing when we walked in but disappointing taste. My friend sent his meal back after 4-5 small bites (he said he really tried to get it down but he loves his meat and this was dog food quality if that, I wouldn't feed my dogs this). The server asked what was wrong, we both explained. She asked if she could take his plate. She asked me if she could get me a Togo box. I said NO. I know I've been a server before so maybe I'm a bit critical but when one person sends back a meal that is missing 4 bites and the other hardly eats half of their meal, there is your sign! $16.50 for 5 small bites of a platter. I should've taken a picture of our plates before she rushed them off. I paid for his meal because I felt so bad and I'm not happy about paying my hard earned, heavily taxed money for a meal that was wasted. No good Khoury's, I should've trusted my fellow Yelpers even though my friend said his friends told him it was great.
3	Khoury's has amazing food. Whenever I'm craving hummus I know exactly where to go! The servers here though... I don't know what to make of them. The service and the food just don't match up. Sadly, it's not just one of the servers, but all that I've been in contact with except the woman with the accent. She is sweet but you can tell she just doesn't care. I came in one night to pick up a food order and stood at the host desk for no joke, 10minutes. I tried to get the attention of the two girls working and it seemed like they were ignoring me. So they are either that oblivious to what's in front of them or they are just not all the way there. However, the food is so good I always looked past the service until today. I called in a lunch order and I asked the woman on the phone if they had a hummus wrap with veggies and chicken. She said they did but it wasn't on the menu so I went ahead and ordered it. Well come to find out it was a piece of bread, hummus, and cilantro. It was literally an entire order of hummus thrown in a piece of bread. Not cool. I even told her what I wanted. I felt extremely ripped off and it made me not want to return. It makes me sad because I literally love the food, but the waitstaff really needs to be replaced with people who actually care and value customers like the owner does.
5	INCREDIBLE!!!!!!! My best friend is Lebanese and this is just like her cooking!!!! Had the chicken kabob, babaganoush, hummus and fresh lemonade. Will be back
5	A very praiseworthy Lebanese restaurant,  a modest interior that can support large group outings, a patio, and even hookah if you ask nicely.Portions are very large , and very satisfying. On the menu: kafta kabob, Lamb chops , and their specialty Farooj (chicken). Lentil soup or salad can start your meal (or end it... I said the portions are very large!). Lebanese wine available, along with a large selection of other domestic and imported wine and beer.Catering and delivery available.This restaurant is a strong neighborhood anchor and deserves patronage based on quality and value.Other things I  noticed on the menu (while dining on lentil soup, salad, and lamb chops accompanied by real-potato fries) include: baba ghanouj , Labni (a yogurt cheese) , fried Haloum (a fried cheese appetizer),  Shawarma chicken, Kibbi, and Sujuk (yummy spicy sausage appetizer).This is an "I Love You" type of restaurant experience but is also kid-friendly. So much on the menu to choose from!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. Great happy hour, great drinks, great food, great service. I'm obsessed with falafels right now, and I gotta tell yah, they're amazing here! Their pita bread is ALWAYS hot & fresh too. I try to come here at least once or twice a week. I will also recommend the pitcher of sangria if you're with your friends, it's refreshing and you can get 10-12 glasses from it!
3	The food is good but They need more staff.
5	Was close by for a doctor's appointment and yelp introduced me to this place & I fell in love with the place. Exceptional food and service, one of the best meals I have ever had in my life.
5	Khoury's is still the BEST Mediterranean food I have ever had. My sister used to live down the street, and what a find it is. Service is excellent and I do not mind a short wait for delicious food. There is nothing like their homemade pita bread!! I don't know what their fresh, homemade, green spicy paste is called but it is out of this world. I still tell all my friends to try it when they go to Vegas. My only wish is that it was closer to the strip.
5	I've always loved Mediteranian food.  This is definitely one of my favorite spots!  I love the interior of the restaurant.  Its different, and you definitely get that authentic vibe.  My favorites here are the chicken kabob plate, hummus appetizer and their chicken and walnut salad!  Their kabobs are so juicy, and I always get it with a side of tzaziki sauce.  Their salad is so fresh, and their balsamic vinaigarette thats served on it is absolutely divine! Their bread that comes with their hummus is always straight out of the oven.... and their hummus always made so perfectly.I will forever be a repeat customer!
5	I come back again and again! Food is fresh and made to order. The pita is made fresh constantly and it is brought fresh and hot to the table. Delicious!I recommend the wraps and grape leaves!The service is friendly as well. (Fries are also some of the best I've had)I will return again and again!Highly recommend :)
5	One of my favorite restaurants in all of Las Vegas. My family and I have always had great meals at Kourys. Everything is fresh you will not be disappointed.
5	Excellent food, atmosphere and service. As a Lebanese American I'm always greatly satisfied each time we come!!
5	An amazing and authentic restaurant!  Everything was so great, fresh pita bread, goat cheese, kabobs, lentil soup, and baklava.  A great find and a great reason to leave the strip. Highly recommend it!
