5	~~~~UPDATE~~~~We went back to Breadfruit last night, and I must revise my original review to reflect our experience, which deserved more stars.When we arrived at 7pm on Saturday night, the place was packed.  There wasn't enough room to push two tables together in order to accommodate our party of 4, so we walked around the block until some tables were open.  The waitress was extremely nice and we were seated about 20 minutes later.For appetizers, we ordered the avocado spring rolls and the roasted plantains.  Despite being small portions, they were both very good.  I was inspired to go get some plantains in the Asian market this morning in order to try to make them at home.As an entree, I ordered the curried tofu again.  I wanted to try something else (the Ital soup or the veggie patty), but they were out of a vital component of each dish, and they don't make the soup in the summer.When my entree came out, I was initially really disappointed to see that they had made it with chicken, again.  I asked the waitress and she assured me that what I was seeing was actually a soy product and I had nothing to worry about.  I must say, it was disturbingly, uncomfortably meat-like.  So much so that I made my husband try it and tell me that it was in fact non-meat before I would put it in my mouth.  When I did eat it, it even had the texture of meat - very disconcerting.  The flavor was excellent, and I would definitely order this entree again - if I can get over the extremely realistic meat analog.  The sides were good (definitely better flavor since last time), especially mixed with the curry sauce.I have to issue a heartfelt apology to Wayne and The Breadfruit for the disparaging review that I wrote after my last visit.  I should have called to ask about the dish and had them clarify that my dish was, in fact, fake meat.  It has been so long since I ate chicken (and I don't generally eat fake meat), that I truly thought it was meat.  (Lesson:  Don't assume anything!)My dinner companions all ordered a chicken dish, and all enjoyed them thoroughly.  I tried the festivals (breadstick) from someone's meal, and I have to say that Breadfruit should offer a basket of those as an appetizer.  Yum.When we were almost finished with our meal, the waitress brought us full sized samples of the carrot juice.  Another Yum!  It tasted a lot like Thai Iced tea - similar seasonings, and very rich and creamy.  I will definitely go back to Breadfruit.  The food was good (Festivals=crack), the atmosphere and the service is EXCELLENT, and it is close to home.  Home Run, Breadfruit.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Downtown Phoenix NEEDS a Jamaican restaurant (and an Ethiopian, Italian, Mexican, etc), and I have waited anxiously for Breadfruit to open - riding my bike by there every afternoon for weeks looking for any sign of life.  Finally, just this week, I see people eating there.  So, we went for lunch today ( at 12:45... at the end of the lunch rush), of course, we arrived at the exact same moment  as Phil Gordon.   I think we threw them off a little bit by ordering our meal to go, but they don't get a by for that.The wait was long (35 minutes), but they were really busy, and they just opened, and the mayor was there, so it was understandable.  We forgave.  The lone waiter brought me a Fiji water, It tided me over slightly.I was excited to see several "vegan" options on the menu - mostly sides, but it looks like some of the entrees can be modified to fit vegetarian requirements.  I ordered the curried tofu (that is the name printed on the menu, no modifications!), which comes with sides of steamed plantains, beans/rice, and steamed cabbage/green bell peppers.Unfortunately, I recieved curried chicken, a fact that I discovered after getting back to my office... and I was WAY too starving to go back to get it fixed.  I ate around the chicken, something I am normally loathe to do... but as I said, STARVING.The beans and rice = bland.  Nothing spectacular, they were just that: beans and rice.Plantains = undercooked.  Just slightly.  I wanted them to be so much better than they were.Cabbage/Green Bell pepper = boring.  They were just steamed cabbage and green pepper.  I love cooked cabbage, but with salt please!Nothing that I ate was seasoned at all.  I had bite or two of the curry sauce since it was touching the rice (starving!), and it tasted ok... am I allowed to pass judgement on a sauce that was poured over something I don't ever eat (because I think it is disgusting)?  Its hard to say.Admittedly, I would have enjoyed this meal A LOT more if I had recieved a meal that did not contain meat.  I will probably go back... Breadfruit is new, and they deserve another chance.  I will definitely eat in, and I will try David's reccomendation of the avocado rolls.One strike.  They haven't struck out just yet.
5	Breadfruit is the truth.  This is corroborated by the fact that Exhibit A, i.e, the Jerk Chicken will make you a believer in a deity, be it God, Buddha, Allah, Brahman, Akal Purakh, Zeus, or Marley.The bird is marinated in hot and spicy seasonings and finished to perfection on the grill.  It remained tender and juicy throughout, except for the masterfully charred ends that added a slight smokiness to the entire dish.  But lets back up a second.The space itself is brilliant in its simplicity.  The walls are lime and slate gray with classy darkwood furniture.  The glassed walls look out onto the stoic skyline of downtown Phoenix and onto the hidden pave of Pierce, an homage to side-street gems that one would find in cities like NY, SF, and Seattle. It is comfortable and cozy inside, with exposure to the cuisine sharks tending the kitchen.  At all times, there is activity, but just enough so that you feel the life of the kitchen spill out onto the dining area.  I love restaurants that pull this off.For an app, we started with an order of the Curry Chicken Patty.  It was sensational.  Within the pastry was a harmonious balance of chicken to curry with a noticeable, but slight burn throughout.  Two came in an order, which must be shared with a partner because two pre-meal would fill you up too heavily.When the grilled jerk chicken was presented, it was glorious because you find the Caribbean influences presented on the dish; a white wine vinegar drizzled slaw, roasted pineapple, and a succulent, savory corncob.  Where the chicken is the heart of the meal, the corn was the soul.  Paired together, I couldn't have been more delighted.To drink, we had the D&G Spicy Ginger Beer imported from Jamaica.  Erm, I typically like Ginger Beer, but this one was branded as spicy and they f'ing mean it.  Be careful that you are prepared for spice-on-spice if you order it.  Looking back, i probably should have stuck with water, although the Ginger Beer was rudimentary for palate preservation as you meander through all of the various flavors of this cuisine.  Honestly, I cannot wait to go here to grab a Guinness (a Jamaican staple according to Zane Lamprey) or a Red Stripe.  The surging spiciness demands a brew that could handle this oral development.Overall, I'm very pleased Breadfruit braved the Great Menace that is downtown development.  Here's to them gaining credibility as they continue to master their art (its not perfect yet, but please believe, its in the mail) and invigorate a local following of foodies and tourists alike to sample some mean Caribbean food.
4	Breadfruit is one of the places  that offers eccentric flair and cultural diversity in which Phoenix lacks at the moment. The decor has this cozy setting and I'm a big fanatic of red brick walls..Was content with the staff and they were courteous.The food was scrumptious! I ordered the rice and peas that was mixed up with coconut milk but however there was a tiny piece of a habanero pepper and my mouth was shooting flames which was unexpected in my dish. Another dish was the Ital soup which is ideal for people who have a cold and a good cleanse after a good workout at the gym. I saved the best for the last - the vanilla ice cream combined with jello,plump raisins, and grape nuts (cereal). Had to savour every bite!! Next time - I will inform them not to put habanero peppers in my rice dish because that was beyond too hot for me but I will be back to try their other dishes!!
4	Enjoying it. I live near the restaurant and have been 3 times since it opened. The Jerk Chicken is very spicy and extremely flavorful, the curry chicken had a great taste, but needs caution while eating as not only are there bones, but there are VERY small bones. The avocado spring rolls are great, and the mango that comes with them is kind of addicting. The staff is friendly though never very attentive, and once mischarged my credit card, took 3 days to get it cleared up. They also list items on the menu that come with the entree, but dont show up. When you ask about that item, they tell you there is an extra cost for it... odd!+1 for being a unique option to Phoenix, and +1 for being clean as a whistle.
4	Low lights, bright colors and soothing Caribbean music sets the mood for a casual dinner at Breadfruit. This restaurant offers a healthy alternative when eating out. I started with the avacado spring roll which comes with a delicious mango chutney and tropical slaw. It was nice to see a few vegetarian and vegan options on the menu. The black bean coconut rice that came with my curried tofu was delicious. Service is great and the place is so clean!
1	The "vegan Jamaican" food was embarrassing. Also, guys, you need to use salt. Sorry.
2	The first time I went it was on a Friday evening.  The small place was filled but they only had one waitstaff on duty and it took us an hour and 15mins to get food.  That TOTALLY sucked!Yesterday went back and the place was empty and we were served immediately.  The first time I ordered the Jerk Chicken and it was barely seasoned.  Yesterday we ordered the Jerk Shrimp and the Jerk sauce was HOT and tasty but the shrimp was over cooked.The sticks of bread are AWESOME (and kinda sweet) and so are the sodas that they serve (they are Jamaican and made with real sugar cane)! I'll be back but I had much higher hopes.
2	Dear Breadfruit,  We became acquainted on the internet, like so many relationships these days do, and I must admit that I became fascinated with you quickly. Your menu sang to me with so many tasty words, and your location couldn't be better. We finally met last night, and I am disappointed. While you have a very cheery atmosphere and wonderful staff, your food just didn't woo me at all. The fish was overcooked- burned on the ends,even- and left me unsatisfied. The slaw looked promising, but proved to be nearly impossible to eat. (you try picking up long strings of cabbage and bean sprouts. Just see what happens.) And the breadstick? Oy. The taste of it was fantastic, but it was so overdone that I thought for a second that I might have to send you a dentist's bill if I finished it. My dining companion was enamored with your curry tofu. Sadly, the one bite of his tofu ended up being the highlight of my meal. Sigh. I wish that things had turned out better, Breadfruit, because I really wanted to like you. But, when visiting you leaves me hungry for the hole in the wall Caribbean place on Camelback and 35th Ave, I know that it just isn't going to work out. Good luck to you. PS...did a midget design your bathroom? I had no idea they even made sinks that small.
3	What can I say... went here for lunch.  I really liked the place and god knows it fills a very vacant niche in the Phoenix restaurant market, but... I l know, nothing good every comes after but.  I really like you, but...  Hmmm, I ordered the jerk chicken. I was very excited.  I love jerk chicken.   But... it was dry!!!!  I have only been there once, so take my review with a grain of salt.  However, jerk chicken has got to be the signature Carribean entree, so they gotta execute.  Will I go back? Absolutely.  I really did like the place.  Will I oder the jerk chicken again?  Probably not.
4	I went here a short time ago with a social networking group.  I'm now a firm believer that downtown Phoenix is on the comeback trail.  I'd tried a couple of other joints in the neighborhood including Matt's Big Breakfast and Fate, so this seemed like the next logical spot.  Its kind of hidden behind condos just one block south of Matt's.  But boy what a find.When you walk in, you get that trendy modern industrial feel of a loft you might see in the downtown neighborhood.  The ambience and music are pretty cool all in all.  Our waitress was extremely friendly and flexible as we tried to split tabs multiple ways (she earned a nice tip from us for her efforts).  I'd never had Jamaician or what they call "East Indie" food before so I had no preconceived notions about what I was going to eat.  I had their signature dish, the jerk chicken with coleslaw corn and coco bread.  Talk about spicy chicken!  My mouth was on fire, but full of flavor too.  The side dishes were good, but nothing special.  I had a delicious pineapple soda to wash it down so that helped my burning palate.  For dessert I had the grapenut icecream topped with cherry jello.  An unusual dish to be sure, but it was definitely tasty.Perhaps what makes this place most popular is the fact that this restaurant is very vegetarian friendly.  Along with a fruit salad medley, they have a curried tofu dish and a vegan italian soup.  About half of the folks I was with had the vegetarian friendly dishes and raved about them.  I was the only one brave enough to try the ice cream, but I promise its nothing scary.Now this place isn't perfect and here's a couple of reasons why (in my opinion):  (1) no reservations and the place is small so probably want to get there right when they open for lunch or dinner, (2) as mentioned above, the side dishes were okay but nothing out of this world, (3) if you really pressure them, they might be able to break out separate checks but as a general rule they typically don't split tabs.All in all, it was a good meal for a reasonable price.  Its great to see establishments like this pop up downtown and hopefully local patrons will continue to keep businesses like this one going.  We need some ethnic spots like this around town and this one is definitely worth a try.  And again, don't be afraid to try the ice cream.
2	I made plans for lunch with one of my Republic friends and we decided to give Breadfruit a try. I had read mixed reviews, but figured they had worked all of the kinks out by now. My take? The food was fresh but not savory or super-tasty. I started with the plantain avocado spring roll. The chutney was delicious and saved the dish. Without it? I probably wouldn't have bothered. My entree was the jerk chicken. Overall, there was a good amount of heat with no depth of flavor. My friend ordered the jerk shrimp and wasn't impressed. She even complained that the slaw was under-seasoned and bland. Overall, it's one of those things...I guess it's hard to keep things seasoned and juicy when you have a big lunch rush. Plus, the restaurant was really warm, temperature-wise. It's a small space with the kitchen just off the dining area, so it might have been radiating from there. There are several vegetarian and vegan options on the menu, which is a plus. I will definitely be back for another try--possibly to try the curried tofu.
4	I went here twice: the first time for dinner and the second time for lunch. Had I only went there for dinner, my review might not be so good. Both times, I went there with vegan friends eager to try a new place in the valley. We had dinner on a Thursday. They only have street parking. We got there around 5 or 6, and the waitress said we were the first people there all day. One other group of people eventually showed up. For dinner, we had the plantain avocado spring roll with seasonal chutney. No complaints here - a good appetizer and the chutney was delicious. I then had the coco bread & pattie sandwich - okay, this was weird. The "pattie" looks like a combination of an empanada and a Hot Pocket which they put between two slices of delicious coco bread. So, I only ate the bread. We shared the sweet potato pudding for dessert. Pretty good, no complaints. When we were done, we waited for 30 min. or so for our check. I think she forgot about us, but she was really nice so we didn't care.For lunch, we first shared Festivals as an appetizer. From the reviews I'd previously read here, I expected them to be so delicious that my tastebuds would jump out of my mouth, but that's what you get for having expectations that are too high.. they were two miniature breadsticks. Yes, their bread is great, and only $2, so why not? Also, they were very soft/warm. I then had the curried chicken and dumpling and my friend had curried tofu. My only complaint is that some of the food is too dry, like the green bananas and the dumpling. The dumpling was this dry, solid mass of wheat that I used as a pincushion for my fork - or, a forkcushion. The plantains were DELICIOUS, as were the chicken and veggies. The chicken was not dry, despite some reviews I've read to the contrary.My friend finished his plate in a few minutes and told the waitress that it was one of the best meals he's ever had. However, he was initially concerned with the tofu - it tasted so much like meat that he figured it wasn't tofu, but was assured it wasn't meat. The waitress told us that the guy cooking behind the counter is also the owner and got all of the recipes from his grandmother in Jamaica.We ended lunch with the grapenut ice cream and jello. By the time you're almost done, it morphs into strawberry ice cream. Very good. Everything was fresh - I'll go back if I'm in the area.
3	Came back last week. Their sauces are more flavorful than I remember them being. But they still have a problem with overcooking their chicken and fish. I got the impression that the jerk chicken was made a tad spicier than it should have been to mask a lack of flavor, though. Can't confirm this, but I have a hunch.They seem to have gotten their stuff more together, but the food still came across as "bland but fresh", which is sad. Fresh food should be tastier.I'd go back again if a friend was paying, but otherwise, I'd pass.
3	Breadfruit is in a small, non-descript building a block from ASU downtown.  If you weren't heading in that direction with the specific intention of going to Breadfruit, you'd never know it existed.  It's a tiny place, probably seating 15-20 at the absolute max, so i see how it could get packed with a quick influx of people.  On this particular lunch outing around the noon hour, I was one of five diners.  And still it took nearly 45 minutes to get my food.  So don't expect a quick lunch in between business meetings, this place is too laid back for that.  But the service was tremendously friendly.I got the jerk chicken and it was very well spiced.  Thankfully not overpowering like I've had elsewhere.  it was a nice, hefty sized chicken breast and was very succulent, not dry at all like others have suggested (perhaps other reviewers aren't familiar with traditional dry-rub jerk).  I do wish there was more chutney though, as it was delicious.  The corn, pineapple, and slaw were all a bit flavorless.The highlight of the meal by far was the carrot juice, which was like drinking a big slice of frosted carrot cake and offset the spicy jerk chicken nicely.I'm sure I'll go again at some point to try some of the other items, but I'm not into it as a lunch place even though it's close to where I work.  I can get a quicker and just as filling lunch elsewhere for cheaper.(not that a $14 jerk chicken entree and carrot juice is that expensive. . .)
4	Okay. So, I decided to head to Downtown again for the Digital Downtown contest. This time, I was walking around the area at 8 a.m. There's really something to say about watching a city wake up and walking about 2 miles canvasing the streets. Ultimately, though, I've come to the realization that, at best, I take photos that could cut it as an amateur postcard but generally lack any artistic appeal.But something good came out of this: Breadfruit. It was one of the areas in which I was walking and stumbled upon. Literally. I wasn't watching where I was walking and, doop, there's the curb. Not uncommon for me. Being all matiche, I peeked in the window because the music was cranked up. As I was walking away, a lady opened the door and let me know they opened for lunch at noon, showed me the menu and suggested the jerk chicken, since I'd not had Jamaican food before. It's always delightful to find the owners jamming out outside of operating hours. So Rob M and I went for lunch.We started off with Jamaican sodas, which were really sweet yet good. I had the ginger beer and it's hellavalotta ginger (it was way strong). Rob had the cola champagne which was like cream soda. Rob ordered the jerk chicken and I ordered the curried chicken and dumpling. Since the jerk chicken was going to take 15 minutes, we started out with a spicy beef pattie and a chicken curry pattie. I started with half of the beef and it was good spicy, but the chicken was amazing. I could mack on those all day long. Our entrees arrived and we dug in. My dish was very flavorful and the recommendation of the server was to eat the dumpling with the sauce. Good idea, since the dumpling itself doesn't have a very defined flavor and it particularly dense. (If you're thinking granny's chicken and dumplings, this isn't it.) The jerk chicken was so spicy that Rob couldn't finish it. He did find that eating it with a bite of pineapple helped to cut the heat, but it was still Hades hot. Apparently, if you order the carrot juice with this dish, it counters the atomic heat. Seriously, Rob can handle spicy but this was perhaps too much.Overall, it was a good experience. There were a handful of other diners there at 12:30 when we arrived and people were coming throughout our meal. I'm thinking this is probably authentic Jamaican cooking, and not an Americanized version of it. I would have liked more salt but I didn't ask because I was in for the authenticity of the meal.Really, 3.5 stars. But I'll bump it up because the setting is nice, service was good, and it's in a cool neighborhood--it's tucked into a residential area not too far from the new ASU campus. And I liked my meal. This will be a place to which we'll return.
5	They should call this place Buttfruit. Every item on the menu tastes like it has already been digested. I found the jerk chicken really only jerked at my wallet and gut. After being served, I wanted the recipe. Great if you need your colon cleansed. They kill the chickens in the back.
3	I appreciate the owner for taking a gamble on downtown Phoenix and opening in a city where charm is as rare as good drivers. The entrees are generally tasty and reasonably priced. For example, I have thoroughly enjoyed my jerk chicken both times that I have dined here. Similarly, my dining partners have found their prawns and beef stew satisfactory.The intimate dining room with exposed brick lends a casual and laid-back atmosphere. Service is attentive. Water glasses are always kept full and waitresses are very knowledgeable about the small menu.So why did I not provide a fourth star? Two words: dessert disaster. I ordered the $5 sweet potato pudding dessert and was presented with a slice of pudding that was about as wide and tall as two of my fingers (and I'm not a giant...) Perhaps I could forgive the size if it were especially decadent, but it was dry and not especially flavorful. Paying $5 for a mediocre sliver of sweet potato pudding hurt me in the "value" department; especially considering that my large entree itself was under $10.In general, this restaurant has a lot going for it. However, the food seems to be the issue that is leading most reviewers (myself included) to not rate it as highly as we would hope we could. If the owner is reading this review, I suggest he or she consider making some minor revisions to the menu. A restaurant cannot survive if it is only respected for its charming building or "place." The quality and value of the food must equal the surroundings in its ability to satisfy customers.
4	I want to love this place so badly that I am giving it four stars, even though deep down I know Breadfruit is only a 3 star place. For now. First, I love the location. It's close to my home and in a really great urban space, so points for that. Second, the people there are SO nice. Seriously, the woman who took our order was so sweet and attentive that it *almost* made me feel ashamed of being such a biatch all the time. I wanted to run out and buy a kitten or save an orphanage in order to be as nice as her. We had about a 20 minute wait before we were seated, but it was worth it for the experience. For some reason I really wanted to check this place out. I was reading the menu online and got to words like "curry...dumplings...plantains... coconut rice...tilapia..." and was like ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... these are all things I love! The menu is beyond interesting. It's downright alluring. Everything on it sounded so delicious and intriguing. Then I found out that unfortunately the food only kind of delivers on the menu's promise. Things I ate:Avocado Plantain Spring Rolls with Mango Chutney -  Meh. A little dry. A lot boring. Very disappointing. These could be amazing with a little effort.Escovich Fish and Festival: The fish was actually very good. So was the sweet bread thing that came with it. I wish there was a little something else though...felt like it was missing something.Curried Chicken and Dumpling: Is this a dumpling or a ROCK? Seriously - the dumpling was kind of like a hockey puck, but I admit it was kind of a tasty hockey puck so I'm conflicted on this one. The chicken and veggies were good and the plantains were awesome. The cooked cabbage was a little undercooked and I am pretty much turning into my grandmother (a little old Russian lady) so I like my cabbage prepared just right, please.Gret's Grapenut Ice Cream and Jello: HOLY CRAP THIS IS GOOD. Seriously, you have to try this dessert. It rocks socks.Okay, now I'm beginning to think  The Breadfruit really does deserve four stars. Get your liquor license and I'll be totally convinced.
4	My fiancee and I came here on First Friday a few weeks back, so things were a little crazy. Luckily, we had brought our own beer, so we were able to crack one open while sitting in the grass waiting for a table. Eventually we were seated out front, so we had an excellent spot for people watching.We started out with the plantain avocado spring rolls. They were golden-crispy and delicious. The Chutney really made them--without they would have been pretty bland.For dinner I got the curried tofu, and my gentleman friend ordered the brown chicken stew. This was not his first choice, but they were out of the other two entrees he had in mind. We also went through a confusing few rounds of we're out of this, nope, we have it, no, actually...with our server on my tofu. Luckily everything that came out of the kitchen was fabulous. The tofu had a great consistency, nice and chewy, and the coconut rice and beans were rich and filling. The brown chicken stew was also good (says my man).Overall: great atmosphere, great food, a little hit or miss with menu options (it was a busy night). I'll definitely be back.
5	The best bread stick I've ever had.  So good I ordered an extra to go.  It's refreshing to be able to get new cuisine and Breadfruit fits the bill.  My other favorite part was the BYOB, however don't listen to the server that says it's just a couple blocks away.  Next time I'll be sure to bring my own vino.
2	It has been a while since we've tried somewhere new in downtown. In all honesty, it is difficult to try new places when all of the new places are only open for lunch and I don't get home until 4pm. That is why we were pleased to see a new place, right down the street, opening up and actually staying open until 8.The Breadfruit is the work of Dwayne Allen. As far as I can tell, he is a nobody in the restaurant scene which is a nice change of pace for some of the places that are going in downtown. The space is quite inviting. Small open lofty area for dining with seating for about 24 people inside. Bright green walls and faux-brick interior brightened the area up and contrasted the exposed ducts. I felt like I was at home. There were two tables set up outside as well providing an inviting option in the cooler months but the local foot traffic was a little sketch.The menu is different. There are words that you recognize surrounded by words that you don't making ordering a bit difficult. Most likely, you will go with the word you know and order based on that. My party seemed to have done just that.After a lengthy wait to place and receive our order, our table was full of food.Plantain avocado spring roll with seasonal chutney - this overpriced appetizer was a terrible mess of mushy vegetables warmed inside a pastry and layered with mashed mandarin oranges. The group enjoyed; I was less than impressed and greatly disgusted at the contrast of hot and cold on the plate.Escovitch Fish and Festival - Friend got this. She seemed to enjoy it, not finding it to be nearly as spicy as it was made out to seem. The fish seemed like it was cooked well and the escovitch sause was excellent.Brown Stew Chicken - Friend got this. He seemed to find it to be skimpy. Compared to some of the other dishes, the meat was significantly less existent. There were also some bones in the chicken.Jerk Shrimp - Wife got this. She thought it was good but was suffering from the spice. She is not one to eat spicy food and this was too hot for her. The shrimp were cooked well and had a bit of crisp to them. Also, the tails were removed which earned them big bonus points in my book.Jerk Chicken off the Grill - Mine. If ever a dam breaks and floods downtown Phoenix, I know that we will be safe. The chicken at Zoe's Cafe and The Breadfruit will save our home by absorbing the water. I couldn't imagine drier chicken than at Zoe's before last night but the jerk flavoring added to the bone dry chicken was the perfect storm to absorb any liquid from my body. Terrible, simply terrible. Realizing that the chicken wasn't spicy at all by my standards, I ordered up some more of that escovitch sauce and drenched by chicken in it whereby making it palatable. The chicken was surrounded by an over cooked pineapple slice that was hard and dry, a tiny piece of corn that had such small kernels on it that I actually had to use a knife to cut them off (something I hate). There was also a pile of ital coleslaw which was a combination of sticks and rubbish that traditionally makes it into the bin at most restaurants. Hard times call for desperate measures.Drinks did include a wonderful selection of "Jamaican soda". The ginger beer was great but very sugary. My wife tells me that the pineapple soda was a little strong and could have been a bit subdued. She also complained of the sugaryness of the sodas.In all, Breadfruit is a welcome addition to the downtown neighborhood. I was not surrounded by dirty hippies with dreadlocks and the owners were good people. I would recommend that people try it once but I would never suggest it as a place to go for dinner.Also, keep in mind that the owner will harass you if you leave even slightly negative reviews of his place on Yelp.
5	I'm with Tracy. I really like this place. The layout is clean and simple. The atmosphere super chilled. The food fresh and tasty. Whenever I have business meetings at lunch, I bring people to independent downtown eateries. I feel its my duty to show them that our city is starting to bloom. And everyone I have brought dug the food and the vibe.But the most important thing? The owner, Dwayne, is super friendly, keen to hear feedback, and eager to make his new restaurant work. That's a whole kind of refreshing in itself.
4	wow! we finally found this place after 3 mos of salivating and anticipating. well let me tell you, it was well worth the wait. we accidentally stumbled in after riding around on bikes looking for a place with a byob policy. sure am glad the sushi place next door had a not so friendly or inviting bartender, otherwise we would have stayed and missed bread fruit! we were the first to arrive, so we had first choice... which was of course outside! only problem with the outside dining is the chairs with rounded legs on the grass, which was very shaky. other than that, everything else was great. we were riding around on bikes, and this was the first stop, so we went with a plethora of sides... and we were pleasantly surprised at the flavors and intricacies of each simple dish. they looked so simple, but tasted very true to the islands. I've been to jamaica and have to say that i felt sa though i had been secretly flown back there without my knowledge... only thing missin was the ocean. the simplest dishes were the best and most tasty. i mean it doesn't get any simpler than steamed cabage and peppers, but hello tasty coconut after taste. the dumplings were tasty too! i loved the sauce, had to try both, and i devoured them! the coleslaw was my second fav. very simple but filled with tons of flavor! sa the night progressed about 4 table tops showed up, so if i have to guess 7pm is a great time to go and be served fast. yes you can take ur own wine, not sure about beer. since we were biking and didn't want to ride full, i didn't do desert. however next time im trying the pudding! enjoy this hidden treasure, i sure did.
5	DELICIOUS FOOD!  Agree with all the favorable reviews on here, don't quite get the bad ones.  Perhaps the most flavorful meal I've had in Phoenix. The brown stew chicken is my favorite for sure, very addictive and spiced just right. On our second visit we learned its BYO. Take a bottle of wine and they will open it there. Another plus, they have BLUE MOUNTAIN COFFEE shipped in direct from Jamaica!
4	I stopped by the other night and I have to say it was fun. The curries were interesting and the stews were great. It took a bit long for the food to get to our table but we had a great server and the owner was such a nice guy that I really hope they do well because they come across as real genuine good people that care about what they do. I think the place is cute clean and well put together. Try the meat patties and it's cool because it BYOB so be sure to bring your red stripe...
3	I meandered over to Breadfruit on Friday for lunch, and though the owner and staff were incredibly nice and hospitable (even took time to explain to me the theory behind Ital), the food just wasn't that good.  I wanted to like it, I really did, but my order of Curried Chicken with Dumpling was only 50% edible.  The curried chicken was delicious, but the wheat dumpling that accompanied it barely qualified as food.  It was a gooey cylindrical mess.I liked the decor and ambiance of the restaurant, but I don't think I'd come back here unless it was just for a side order of plantains.  Mmm, plantains.
5	3 words, brown stew chicken.
3	We'd heard of Breadfruit and decided to stop by before 1st Friday last week. The design/decor is fresh, colorful, and simple in a trendy kind of way. The waitstaff is incredibly friendly and attentive and the kitchen is exposed so you can see your food being prepared. They have traditional Caribbean drinks and fresh squeezed carrot juice with coconut and ginger. The avocado/chicken spring rolls are tasty, but could use a little more spice. For dinner, the chicken dumpling is delicious (well, the chicken is), but the jerk shrimp plate is a bit sparse and overpriced for what you get. Overall, we liked it and we'll be going back again to try some more dishes. This time we'll be sure to BYOB!
4	This is an attractive, mid-priced option for the downtown Phoenix ASU campus.  I went with a fellow foodie and a couple of newbies to food re:the islands.  The staff was very friendly and well kept, the place was as well, very attractive from the street and the interior is small and simple.  The food was good, perhaps a little tame for true Jamaican, but very tasty and healthy.  We had the spring rolls to start, I would skip them next time and try one of the pies instead.  They let me taste the somekinda-flower juice, which tasted close to Hibiscus juice and was a little strong to drink a whole glass of.  I settled for an imported Ginger beet.  They also have a carrot juice concoction which involves vanilla and ginger which sounded good.For the meal I had the Brown Stew Chicken, my friends had the curry chick and jerk chicken.  I think mine was the best and def give credit to tiphanie b. for the recommendation.  Each plate came with 2-4 sides which made the meal a lot of fun.Great location, service and ambiance.  Pretty good food, not your down and dirty jerk shack but an excellent addition to the downtown scene and one of the only places open for lunch on Saturday and Sunday.
4	Before coming here, I'd never really had Jamaican food. The Breadfruit was a really good intro to Carribean cuisine and it definitely makes you crave for more. I've tried most of the dishes here and I must say that this place boasts a pretty solid selection of dishes and tastes. It's a great place to bring friends to eat and the atmosphere makes for a relaxing environment as Jimmy Cliff, Steel Pulse, or The Wailers sound from the kitchen. Be sure to try out the curry tofu, sorrell, and carrot juice.
3	Stopped by the other day for a quick togo drink.  I ordered the "My Favorite Carrot Juice" which had been hyped on my first visit.  At first, the drink was nice and carro... wait a minute... did a baby just vomit in my mouth?  Seriously, the food I had here was great and every other drink is good, but every sip of the carrot juice felt tasted like my body was rejecting a stomach transplant.  Just don't get the carrot juice.  I don't know how they can drink that stuff.
3	Great chicken curry patties.  Unfortunately, it looks like they're off the menu- all I see are spinach and tilapia patties.  Coco bread was buttery,-pretty tasty!- and I loved its texture, and it, too, looks like it's off the menu.  $2.50 for a side of steamed veggies was a joke!  I kid you not, I saw one cabbage leaf, one very thin slice of tomato, and one  ultra-thin-sliced ring of red bell pepper.  (Honestly, I didn't think it was possible to slice something that thin... ah, one word: mandolin.)  All served on a teacup plate.  I felt so ripped off  :(Restroom was clean, and so was the rest of the restaurant.
2	Bleh.  I'm sorry Breadfruit, but I will not be back.  I was really excited to try this place when we heard it was opening.  I've said before that I don't like Mexican spicy but I do like Asian spicy.  I forgot to add that I also like Caribbean spicy.  Finally, a place in downtown to get some good Caribbean/Jamaican food.  Boy was I wrong.We met a couple friends here and when we walked in, I loved the decor.  It looks just like the inside of my house with the bright colored walls and the exposed brick and ductwork.  Unfortunately, my love for this place stops there.  We decided to order the Plaintain Avocado Spring rolls.  Taste wise, these were okay on the first bite, the more you ate, the less distinguishable the flavors got.  It was really just a big mess of mush inside a soggy wonton type wrapper.  The dipping sauce was tasty though.I ordered the Jerk Shrimp and it came with a side of rice and beans.  The tails were removed from the shrimp, which was really nice to not have to take care of myself.  Unfortunately the shrimp were not cooked very well.  They were quite tough and had this weird crispiness to them.  The flavor on the shrimp was ridiculously overpowering.  I know I am a bit of a wimp when it comes to heat and spice, but this was too much.  I couldn't taste anything besides the spice, even after downing my entire bottle of pineapple soda, which was way too sugary.  Everyone else's food looked decent, but overcooked.  One dish, the stew, looked like baby diarrhea.  Honestly.  The highlight of the meal was the little breadstick thing they serve alongside the food.  It was pretty good.Sorry Breadfruit, I will continue to pass by you in favor of better restaurants like the Turf.
4	mmmm...festivals.  i wish i could have those sweet breadsticks for breakfast everyday.  i've been to breadfruit a handful of times now and evry experience has been positive.  the waitstaff has been attentive, friendly and accommodating, the food appeared in a reasonable amount of time and was always tasty.  i'm not a huge fan of soya chunks, so i usually end up ordering a bunch of sides and appetizers and dessert, which suits me just fine.  i would also recommend the blue mountain coffee in an individual french press, it's so very delicious!*btw- on first friday in march (also art detour) my friends and i were able to get a table after waiting maybe ten minutes.  once seated, the service was prompt and friendly and our food was great.
4	We've been here a few times for dinner - never disappointed. The last time we went with a party of 8 on a First Friday - they allowed us to scatter ourselves until an 8-top could be constructed. One of our party was a newcomer to the valley from Harlem who was a cruise organizer to Jamaica - an aficionado in other words. He came away impressed with the authenticity and variety.
4	The strongest statement about The Breadfruit can be made be its owner/chef:  He doesn't have any restaurant experience; he's just making the traditional Jamaican recipes of his grandmother.And it works.I took my two vegan friends to The Breadfruit on a weeknight and the small restaurant was about half-full.  There are two IKEA tables with chairs in the grass in front of the restaurant for al fresco dining.As we waited for the delicious Avocado and Plantain Spring Rolls ($6.75), we had plenty to talk about with our drink orders: Hibiscus-infused Tea ($3.50) and the Carrot Juice ($3.50).  Pricing seems steep, but in all fairness, these were beverages worth every penny.  The Breadfruit is BYOB ($5/wine, $5/six-pack, or $1/beer bottle corkage fee), but I had forgotten this drunken little detail. We asked if there were more vegan options than the two clearly marked entrees, and he confirmed that most of the starters/sides were vegan, too.  (Warning: the spinach patty contains beef broth in the crust.  Our server returned from the kitchen to let us know.)We decided to share everything.The Tofu Curry ($9.75) is a nice, complete meal served with Rice & Peas (beans), steamed cabbage and bell pepper, and a side of baked plantains.  The Breadfruit has also added a new item, Pop Cho and Pickled Ginger ($9.75), a sautee of bok choy, onions, and rice wine vinegar, which is served with a memorable Jamaican sweet potato mash.The side of grilled corn ($2) was juicy and sweet, with no dead kernels.The festivals is not your everyday bread stick, and the subtle sweetness had us wondering if vanilla is the only sweetening agent.During the meal, we all noted the teeny-tiny sink in the more than ample bathroom.  The primary color walls are juxtaposed nicely against exposed brick, and the kitchen is open and you can see the duo chefs preparing the food.  The service was prompt and courteous.For dessert, we shared the delectable Sweet Potato Pudd'n ($5.50), which is acompact wedge of sweet potato, ginger, nutmeg, and raisins, baked with coconut flakes on top.  Perhaps it's a bit dry for some tastes, but we found it most enough, and we battled with forks for the last bite.At this point, one of the chefs came out and asked with a bright warm smile if we were the vegan table.  She herself, she said, was a vegan.  She mentioned that the Sweet Potato Pudd'n was the giveaway The Breadfruit had at the recent West of Western Culinary Festival held at the Phoenix Art Museum.Her visit was like a second dessert; it's always so nice to so the excitement of the chef who has just prepared your food.The Breadfruit is a strong addition to the downtown culinary scene, now bustling on that corner of 1st and Pierce with PastaBAR, Sens, and The Turf Accountant.
4	Hearty, simple and to the point.When I think of Jamaica, I think of a simple way of life that still has a bite to it.  The breadfruit is a wonderful reflection of that.  The dishes aren't presented in a flashy manner, nor is the ambiance posh.  However, the flavor is the focal point and that point is well taken.The jerk chicken is my favorite dish, the chicken is so damn moist on the inside while the jerk seasoning on the outside brings tears to your eyes.  Wonderful.
5	Went there by recommendation of the barista at the nearby Fair Trade Coffee and was VERY pleased!Stopped in to grab a quick lunch not sure exactly what I was getting into.  The server was quick to offer assistance & drink recommendations.  When I ordered my food -- the vegan curry -- I asked for water instead of buying one of their exotic dishes.  After a couple minutes of the water not arriving I started to get annoyed, but then it came out with my lunch which was impressively fast! Fast enough that I completely forgave the slowness of the water.The food was excellent!  I thoroughly enjoyed every bite and then it got better: a woman (a cook i believe?) came out and explained to me that it was unique type of organic tofu that has to be ordered directly from Jamaica and one serving alone has about 30 grams of protein in it!  She was very friendly and very pleased to hear that I was enjoying my meal - and our short conversation made me enjoy it even more!Oh - and they allow you to BYOB too!  Just one per person, but that's still pretty awesome in my opinion.
4	I CAN'T FEEL MY TONGUE.I didn't know that jerk chicken translated to spice with a little chicken on the side.  I admit that I have sensitive taste buds when it comes to spicy food, but this stuff was way off my spicy-food odometer.  I would say it was flavorful, but my tastebuds were so numb after the chicken, I couldn't tell.However, I did enjoy everything else!  The bread that comes with your meal is a "festival" on the menu, but it's darn good... and perhaps the thing to save you should the jerk chicken be too much.  I ordered the shrimps on the side of my jerk chicken, but I think I just got trigger happy.  One dish and and appetizer is already plenty, so if the waitress suggests a side of shrimp, I say pass.Definitely get the plaintain avocado spring rolls.  Interesting texture and taste, plus the mango salsa on the side is quite refreshing.  Speaking of refreshing, I highly recommend the Sorrel to drink.  It's a hibiscus tea and rum blend, but you can't even taste the rum!  Mmm, perfect way to beat the Phoenix heat.Cute little restaurant with brightly colored walls, which is a welcome change from the red, brown and tan buildings outside.  I came here while I was on a business trip, and it's walking distance from all the Downtown hotels!  I wish I had room for dessert, but I was stuffed.
5	Based on my one dinner, I would eat here everyday if I could. I want to try everything! It is a vegan paradise. Now I've never been to Jamaica, so I don't know the "real" deal, but I've been to Caribbean restaurants.We shared the Avocado Plantain Spring Rolls, but I think we could have each finished our own - they were simply that good. The person I went with usually eats "like a bird," barely tastes her food and leaves food over. Not here, unless you consider a vulture a bird. Wow, I've never seen her go for food like this!She ordered the Pop Cho and Sweet Ginger, loved it and finished the entire serving. Didn't care for the cabbage side which she found too peppery. Note that the "sweet potato" that comes with this dish is actually a regular potato prepared sweetly, so adjust your expectation. It's still qute good.  She liked my dish too, but said hers was better (a bit competitive too).I had the Coconut Curry Tofu. It had amazing and unique tastes, Absolutely delicious.Unfortunately, we had no room for dessert. But I have no doubt I'll be back again soon for more!This will soon be part of the pre-theater rotation.
5	finally!  great vegan food in downtown phoenix.not that i'm a vegan.  but still.the owners here are really nice and will chat you up about your meal, especially if you order something vegetarian.  the portions are smaller than most people will probably like, but, hey, it's healthy, and i've never left not full just from ordering a plate.the menu is also somewhat limited, but everything on it is tasty.  i say this with authority as a guilty omnivore who has plucked food off of friends' meat plates.  also, the menu changes a tiny bit from time to time.if you go, you must try the avocado-plantain spring rolls.  seriously.
3	Breadfruit is a cool spot. The interior of the place is well decorated and they can only seat about 15-20 people, making a nice, intimate ambiance. I really appreciate that they serve locally grown organic produce and that their chicken is all natural and raised cage free. Any addition of a Jamaican restaurant down town earns at least three stars in my book. We arrived at 7:30pm and were the only people there throughout almost the entire meal..We brought our own bottle of wine and there was only a $5 corking fee, not to shabby.We started with the plantain and avacado spring rolls, I really liked that wonton was baked and not deep fried, the presentation was nice, the mango chutney was fresh but the rolls themselves lacked flavor. I really wished they would have paired some other fruit or spice to add more contrast to the dish. For my main I got the jerk chicken and I was a little disappointed. Again they did an excellent job with the presentation, but the corn was mushy and what the jerk rub lacked in flavor they tried to make up for in spice.  I like spicy, and can handle a lot of heat, but heat shouldn't overpower flavor...The chef/owner came out and asked us how we enjoyed our meal, and explained his philosophy behind the food. The service was excellent, but in comparison to some other Jamaican places I've been, it really only warrants 3 stars (sorry)!
4	Breadfruit filled a vacuum in Phoenix by creating authentic Jamaican food and drink for a downtown that has suffered from a dearth of interesting restaurants. We ate there once several months ago. In fact, I think it was their first week open for business. My girlfriend and I were impressed, and did come back, even though their tasty veggie meat was out of stock, and couldn't make us the veggie meals we came seeking that day.Fast forward to last weekend. Some friends scored four Diamondbacks tickets, and I thought, since we'll have some drinks at the stadium, why not try Breadfruit again? We could take the light rail, and it's only two or three blocks from the light rail station.We brought a six pack of Red Stripe to complete the experience, and it was a delight to be back. We saw one of the owners, who we recognized and liked when we met her, but didn't see her partner, who is the cook and is Jamaican. Our friends were impressed by the food, which held it's own.We had fish escovich, jerk chicken, coconut curry tofu and side orders of plantains. All hits. Everything was cooked to order, and impressed our friends. The steamed veggies and rice and beans on my plate were delicious, and complimented my coconut curry tofu (it's actually a little more like seitan). Their BYOB policy worked well, as we were able to finish off a six-pack and get back to the light rail to head to Chase Field.Good people, excellent food and an ambiance that is worthy of a downtown Phoenix revival. Good work, Breadfruit. I wish others would take your lead.
4	What a fun restaurant.  Loved the big window with the candles.  The plantains were super good, so was the spring roll with mango chutney.  Our server was very friendly and recommended the Curry Chicken Tofu which was a big hit.  Highly recommend the Hibiscus tea.  Delicious.
3	My friend and I wanted to try something new that would be a change from the normal food-on-the-go meals we eat during the week. So we made the trek on into Phoenix, and surprisingly found the place on the first try. (Yes, the signs on the main street helped.) It is a cozy place (read "small"), but it has fun eclectic decorations and I loved the little lights along the window. The waitress was very friendly, and we were soon set up sipping drinks. I loved the ginger beer - so spicy and yummy for a drink that looked like hazy water. Never one to turn down plantains, we ordered the avocado and plantain spring rolls. The chutney was good and I liked that the rolls weren't insanely greasy, but they didn't seem that special to me, nothing popped out. The brown stew chicken worked well as a comfort food, but again, there wasn't anything that would make me order it again. What fascinated me was my friend's chicken and dumpling - it had good flavor, and at the bottom of the plate was a large round solid thing of ... well, something. I had never seen a dumpling like it, and I have to admit to being skeptical. But when you got a cut of it, used it to wipe up some sauce, the dumping was great! It was heavy, solid food, and yummy as well. The kind of food I'd go out once in a while for and come back with a full tummy, wanting nothing more but to lay out on the couch.We ordered coffee and shared the sweet potato pudding for dessert. The two complemented each other perfectly. I love sweet potatoes, and this pudding was no exception. All in all, I liked the dumplings, loved the dessert, and guzzled the coffee to stay awake for the ride home.
4	Three of us ate here last night and I'll definitely go back.  The service was great (Emily was fantastic and SO helpful - even when I called to get directions) and the owner, Daryl stopped by our table after the meal to make sure everything was alright.  What a nice guy! I guess if I had a critique to make, it would be that the appetizers should be larger.  They're very inexpensive, so in retrospect we should have ordered two or three of the avacado spring rolls and empanadas - but, I would have preferred them to be priced as two or three instead of one.Other than that, the food was great.  I ordered the curried tofu (excellent choice) and cleaned the plate.  Martha ordered the Jerk Chicken (HOT HOT HOT) and Binnie ordered the Chicken and Dumplings, which was unique and really tasty.  All three of us said that we'd definitely go back again.
4	I tasted Breadfruit's sweet potato bread pudding for the first time at this years West of Western. (and then a second, third and fourth time until they asked me to stop eating all of their samples...) So when contemplating restaurants for my birthday dinner Breadfruit was at the top of a very short list. Since I work in wine I think Breadfruit's BYOB policy is fantastic. Ignore anyone on here who complains about the $5 corkage fee because the markup most restaurants put on a bottle of wine is well over five bucks (usually it's 2-3 times what they paid!).  Plus BYOB allows you to bring exactly what you want to complement your meal (I would suggest a dry riesling, gewurztraminer or an un-oaked chardonnay). The menu is small but there were plenty of options, even for vegetarians! I would have happily eaten everything from the appetizers section, but my dining pals and I set our sights on the plaintain avocado spring roll that is baked, not fried! I thought it was a creamy slice of deliciousness, and the accompanying chutney did not disappoint. My main dish was the Bok Choy and Mashed Sweet Potato....alright I've spent about 5 minutes sitting here staring at the screen because I don't know how to describe how great my meal was. Here's an idea: YUM. oh my gosh it was delicious, each ingredient and seasoning was a perfect and direct complement to all the rest. It was filling too, I mean, bok choy and mashed potatoes, that sounds like two side dishes to a "real" meal, but this meal is the real deal. Finally, I went ahead and ordered the bread pudding again for dessert, it's just dense and lightly sweet and so satisfying. mmmm. Breadfruit's staff were very friendly and attentive and Daryl even came over to check on us at the end of the meal. The dining room wasn't crowded but we were being very loud (per usual) and no one seemed to mind in the least. What a great experience and delightful setting for a group of friends to celebrate the year's most important date: my birthday.
4	My wife and I went here last night with our baby girl. The restaurant was mostly empty at about 7pm on a Thursday night. It has a small urban restaurant decor with brightly colored walls and photos of Jamaican locals and items. The windows were filled with little glass votives with tea lights in them. The people in the kitchen and the waiter were friendly and greeted us on the way in and thanked us on the way out. We ordered the sorel and some drink made with mangoes, mint and tea for drinks, the Jerk chicken and the Escovitch Fish and Festival for our entrees. We skipped the appetizers to save room for dessert. I like the sorel, but my wife thought it was too spicy for her tastes. It has a very strong ginger taste to it. We both liked the mango mint tea drink. The Jerk chicken was good. I didn't think it was too spicy at all. It definitely left a presence on the tongue, but nothing that was unbearable or really unexpected. The Escovitch fish was supposed to be spicy as well per the waiter, but it wasn't as spicy as he made it out to be. My wife really liked the bread sticks with the vanilla scent. We had the sweet potato bread pudding for dessert and had to order seconds. It has a nice crunchy coconut top which contrasts wonderfully with the soft inner bit. The menu overall is limited, but I didn't think this was a problem. Portions are appropriate and not overwhelming in size so you don't feel like a blimp when you leave. Dessert wasn't large enough to split. That or it was just really good. The restaurant does have a BYOB alcohol policy, so if you want a beer or some wine it's 5$ corkage fee for the wine and 1$ per bottle for beer. Most places I've seen with a BYOB policy charge 10$ for wine. The service was good. Only issue is that almost all the parking near by is metered, so remember to bring some change for the meter.
4	Went to the Breadfruit for lunch today and am sad I've never been here before! It was so delicious! My both my meal and my wife's was to die for. The atmosphere is also really nice with some good reggae playing and the service was excellent.  I will definitely be going back for more.
5	What is there to say about this place that hasn't already been said? Well first off, they need to bring the spicy beef Pattie's back!!! Seriously!The Tilapia Pattie is fantastic. Plantain Avocado spring rolls are good as well. Festivals are great as well, but save them for a desert.Jerk chicken and shrimp? Its a staple here. Get it, its good. Spicy so "Watch your mouth!" Escovitch Fish can't be beat for a downtown fish dish. Its runner up for best sleeper dish on the menu.And....the award for best sleeper of the menu.....Brown stew chicken! Come get some! It is a fantastic "total" dish. Expect to see an empty plate when you are done. The entire dish is delightful. The only downer: The BYOB seems a little steep if drinking individual beers...but I guess that just means bring a six pack at a time...hah...
4	This tiny place on an off-the-beat street Downtown surprised me.  I heard it described as a "hole in the wall" - nothing could be further.  It's delightfully clean and crisp, interior is tastefully decorated, very hip.  The food is fresh-fresh-fresh and delicious. Fried plaintains, yum.   Tofu in a curry sauce, yowza!   Oh and this delightful iced - um - tea?  It was more like a clove tea perhaps, very spicy.   Had to alternate between sips of that, and water.    But overall: a very friendly, inviting place; service was lovely and attentive and everything was great.  The portions were large so I had leftovers for lunch the next day, too. Note that there is an inexpensive corkage fee on beer or wine, so bring your own.   Oh and free corkages on Tuesdays!
5	This little place absolutely rocks your tastebuds!  Have visited twice and will make it a regular lunch stop.  The jerk chicken is absolutely delicious, and yes a bit spicy... as it should be.  We've also had the avocado-plantain spring rolls (amazing) and the spinach pattie.  The mango lemonade with mint is so refreshing and tasty.  Don't deprive yourself of lunch at The Breadfruit... one of downtown's very best.UPDATE: they no longer serve lunch.
4	We went to Breadfruit last night for a Saturday dinner. When we got there, there were two other couples on the place, but it filled up while we were eating (which means two other parties sat down...the place is lovely and tiny). Our waiter (owner? not sure) was extremely enthusiastic about the menu and the special appetizer of the day, which was jerk scallops. He REALLY wanted us to order them. Well fine, I love scallops, so why not. And they were excellent! My only complaint: there were two scallops and they cost more than each of our meals! Had I known that ahead of time (and no I didn't ask), I wouldn't have ordered them. But it's a small complaint.The food: everything was very tasty. I ordered the brown chicken stew and DH ordered the jerk chicken, and he even liked the mango salsa that came with it (he usually scrapes all strange and exotic food items to the side of his plate). We also had the avocado plantain rolls for appetizers, and they were great. The special drinks are also quite delicious.The place is clean bright, and fun. I would definitely go again to sample some other menu items.
4	Very tasty. Appealingly decorated and tiny. The jerk chicken was not overly spiced, but had a nice little unexpected kick to it. The Cocunut Curried Tofu was excellent.
5	recently went back. 3 words (repeated) brown. stew. chicken.we also had the seared scallops with blackened vegetables. they were also, amazing. i live super close to this place, always have, but i certainly don't come here enough.
4	This is a great lunch place in downtown phoenix....and I am happy to say I am now a fan!  It took a while but they have it right now....from when it first open to now, its a total 360!The menu is updated, and the food is delicious.Everything on the menu is flavorful and I can not complain....oh and I love the plantains and their carrot-coconut juice!!
5	When I was little, I was a very picky eater. I liked what I liked and would throw a fit if I had to eat something on my "Do not eat" list.  But something changed as an adult.  Now, I am much more adventurous when it comes to food. (Except for ketchup. I still can't eat that stuff!)So, when it comes to trying new restaurants and foods, I am more than happy to take a risk. And, that is what led me to Breadfruit.  Yeah, Jamaican food isn't like a culinary feat, and although I love Cuban food (a cousin to Jamaican food, you could say), I'd never ventured to the spicier side of Caribbean cuisine. But, WOW, I'm so glad I did!It was a lovely Friday afternoon, when a work friend suggested we head over to Breadfruit for a long, leisurely lunch. And, I must say Breadfruit was a great antidote to a stressful work week. After waiting just a little too long for our menus, we were greeted by a friendly waiter who gave us some recommendations on drinks. My friend had the carrot-coconut juice -- he loves his carrot juice, so he was thrilled they had it on the menu and loved every sip of it. I, on the other hand, just had their house iced tea. They had a lot of other beverage options, I just wanted to avoid something too sweet. There was a decent selection of menu choices and everything sounded delicious, so it was tough for me to decided which meal would whet my appetite.  My friend had the jerk chicken, which he said was spicy (of course) but fantastic. I had the brown stew chicken, and in my best Rachel Zoe, it was BA-na-NAs!  The chicken was cooked wonderfully and the flavorful sauce was so complex and delicious my taste buds sang a glorious "Hallelujah!" I can't wait to go back and try more from their menu.  I was totally eying the plantain avocado spring rolls -- LOVE plantains and LOVE avocados, so I know I would LOVE this!  And, I was really wanting to try the curried chicken dumplings, but I was afraid if I had that for lunch I would be in a food coma for the rest of the day.You know a place is good, while during your first visit, you are already planning what your next meal will be!  So for that reason alone, I'd say it was another great culinary adventure for me! Yeah!
3	I had the opportunity to visit Breadfruit in the company of a good group of friends who were all willing to share bites of the dishes they ordered. I brought a bottle of champagne to share and it seemed all of my friends brought bottles of liquid treasures themselves! We had so much to drink, that the champagne didn't get opened. With a reasonable corkage fee of 5$ it was easy to bring a ton of wine! For an appetizer we shared the plantain avocado spring rolls. They were so-so. Nothing overly impressive to me. I was actually wishing for a spicy sauce to dip them in. For my entree I had the Brown Stew Chicken dish. It's a marinated and sauteed chicken dish served with rice with peas and some steamed veggies. Again... no spice with the dish. I actually asked for some hot sauce to go with the dish. Despite the lack of heat, It was still very flavorful and I enjoyed it. I would like to give Breadfruit another try. I think their simple menu lends for getting a dish just right and making it well! I look forward to trying their other menu items!
4	I went to lunch at The Breadfruit.  It was around 1:35pm  when my lunch date and I entered the tiny but warm restaurant.  We had the place to ourselves.  Our waitress was great.  Right away she explained the menu and sold us on a couple of mocktails.  I had the Carrot juice and my date had the Kiwi Pineapple Quencha.  The carrot juice had coconut milk, nutmeg, and vanilla mixed in.  It was tasty.  I love anything with coconut milk even carrot juice.  My guest's drink had kiwi and pineapple nectar and was garnished with a piece of sugar cane.  My guest gnawed on the sugar cane to give it a whirl.  She liked her drink too.We split a House Tropical Salad to start.  The greens and veggies were very crisp and the fruit was juicy.  The ginger poppy seed vinaigrette was refreshing and I couldn't place the zing to the dressing.  I asked our waitress and she informed me it was the orange zest I was tasting.  Of course.I ordered the Jerk Chicken and my guest ordered the Coconut Curried Tofu.  The chicken was wonderfully spiced.  The coleslaw was not wet.  Which I liked.  Much more healthier.  The roasted corn had a hint of something else.  Maybe coconut.  The corn just had a nice flavor.  I haven't enjoyed corn on the cob that much in a long time.  I saved the grilled pineapple for last and it was worth the wait.  My date's tofu was excellent.  It was like tender pieces of meat.  Again with the coconut.  She let me have a taste.  Yum.I am glad I finally made it to The Breadfruit.  I knew it was there, just never got around to it.  I am glad I went.  I will be back and I will add it to my lunch rotation.
5	Cheap! Fresh! Flavorful!That's the important stuff!I love trying new things and Breadfruit did not disappoint! I was a big fan of the jerk chicken, grilled plantains and fruity juices! Pros: small cute setting, BYOB, $10 plate, every dish had a couple of sides that came with. Cons: street parking, service can be a bit slow.
4	The Breadfruit is wonderful place to eat healthy, yummy food!  Just came from there with a friend.  We shared the kiwi-pineapple drink and carrot-coconut milk drink.  Both were awesome, though we preferred the carrot.  Then we shared the Escovitch fish (heavenly), jerk chicken (best I've ever had), and the Ital sampler which I would skip in the future as it was just meh.  The plantains were pretty good, not the best ever.  I liked how fresh everything tasted, especially the coleslaw. The food is a bit spicy, which I like.  I can't wait to go back and save room for dessert!
1	I had a really disappointing experience with The Breadfruit. It was a Monday. It was a nice day. We wanted a picnic. We stopped at the Breadfruit to ask if we could get something to go. We were told no.The woman (owner?) told us repeatedly that they are a dine-IN restaurant, that it meant we can not take our food with us, and that take-out is bad for the environment. She was superior and insulting.My friend and I both work in restaurants. We are perfectly clear what dine in means. We would have tipped the server. We were flexible. We were hungry. We would have been happy to take our food in tin foil. We would have been happy to bring our own plates to receive the food on. We could have sat down, taken a bite, and asked for doggie bags. We understood that the Breadfruit is a dine-in restaurant, but they could have worked with us. There was only one occupied table in the place, but she flat out refused to serve us and was rude about it. Unbelievable!I won't be back for dine-in. I won't be back ever.
2	The food was ok...although the price point was a little high.  I was one of a group of nine.  We were having a great time until the bill.  The server springs on us that he can only accept two credit cards.  That was VERY inconvenient especially since he didn't tell us until we were paying.  Like I said, we were 9 people and were pretty much the only people there during their lunch hour.  I was surprised they were not more accomodating.  Although we all enjoyed our food for the most part, we all decided we would not return.
4	My gf gives it a 5, but I think it is closer to a 3, so this post is a 4. The menu is a bit limiting. I have eaten a fair amount of Caribbean food, and I while I thought this place was good for Phoenix, I was not all that impressed. Most of the food was tasty, but the vegetable sides that came with the meals were just cabbage and simple peppers, WTF! No flavor! And the dumplings looked like something I wouldn't want anywhere near my food. It nearly spoiled my appetite. And maybe they shouldn't stress how much everything is localy grown and organic. It's a Jamaican restaurant in Phoenix! How local could it be? Well, that point was answered when our waiter had to clarify the locality of a few items. One more thing, what is up with the $5 bottle opening fee?! I was going to bring a bottle until I read that.I am sure to eat here again. If the menu changes seasonally and they introduce some new items throughout the year, I will probably revise my review to be a little more favorable. If nothing changes, I will take the rating to a 3.
5	Curried Tofu... gets better every time I go. I respect ppl that genuinely care about the food that they put out. Not very many places in this town live up to that expectation, but the Breadfruit goes above and beyond. The Breadfruit focuses on bringing Caribbean flavors to Phoenix while using locally grown, fresh, organic produce. Small kitchen, small restaurant, one chef. It's almost as though they've invited you into their house for a meal. EVERYTHING is cooked to order, which makes all of the difference, hence why they don't do takeout. Staff is always friendly, but they are not there to kiss your ass, if that's what you want go to a larger corporate restaurant where one small complaint will get your entire meal comp'ed and you'll have a manager there with his nose up your arse for the rest of the evening. The breadfruit is there to share their food with you and a great experience. -Curried Tofu -Scallops -Patties (talapia) -Brown Stew Chicken -HAVE to try "My favorite carrot juice" it's addicting-oh and of course it's BYOB !
4	had a nice family dinner here staurday night - it was delicious!our server was very helpful & nice, she suggested several menu items & they were spot on-we started with the plaintain avocado spring rolls & some patties. the spring rolls were ok - not enough flavor for me. we ordered a spinach pattie and a fish pattie. the fish pattie was amazing - the fish was spicy and the pattiy crust flavorful & flaky. the spinach pattie, was hearty and the flavor was decent, but def not as good as the fish pattie.we ordered 3 entrees: jerk shrimp, jerk chicken, & curried lamb.the jerk shrimp was spicy & perfectly cooked!!! i loved it -the jerk chicken was flavorful, but the shrimp was better, more heat etc...the curried lamb was off the chain!! i mean soooo good- melt in your mouth tender, great flavor. served with 1/2 acorn squah stuffed with sauteed greens. its was a great mix of flavors and textures!!!for dessert we had blue mountain coffee, which was served with coconut cream (unsweetened) - nice touch! and the sweet potato (& ginger?) pudd'n. the pudd'n had a good flavor, full of raisins, but was a little dry, the a la mode was prob the way to go as the extra liquid wouldve help the dessert.overall - 4 stars - very cute inside, super small, but not overcrowded. cant wait to go back!!!
3	This place is tucked away off the main street (very near Sens) which was our destination but this looked tasty and there was no wait so we ventured in.  The food was decent- nothing special in my opinion, but not terrible either.  The place is small and cozy- with a different vibe.I had the plantain avocado spring rolls which were way better than my entree-but perhaps I didn't order "wisely" and get the best entree. I had the Curried Chicken and Dumpling and I wouldn't recommend it.  I wasn't too crazy about the sauce.  The banana and plantains were the best part of the dish. The whole wheat dumpling served with my dish was disgusting- I couldn't take more than one bite and left it sit on the plate!Overall, it's not bad for the price but not great enough to make me ever want to return...
1	There's no point in making a reservation at Breadfruit if they won't honor it.  Or to be more precise, they should be less deceptive about taking your reservation.  In our case, we were given the impression that we'd have to wait about 20 minutes for our little group.  On the phone they did tell us that there was another party ahead of us.  What they didn't tell us was that it would really be more like the 20 minutes times 3 for the four adults and two kiddos.  When we made our way in, the place was half full, but four two-tops were open and a large table for six was reserved.  Not for us, of course, and nobody was leaving anytime soon.While we waited, a party of two walked in and was seated.  A few minutes later, another two-top near them turned over.  A little forward thinking would have been to seat the two at one of the other open tables, and put the other now free tables together.   It would have been a tight fit, but it could have worked.Needless to say, The Breadfruit is small.  There is no waiting area and with the kiddos we weren't going to wait outside in the drizzle.  We waited in a hallway that lead to the bathroom until we couldn't wait anymore.  In the end we walked out.  One star for the cute ambiance but for nothing else.
3	I walked here on my lunch and decided to try the Jerk Chicken Salad. The server was friendly; quiet, kind, and not pushy. I ordered my salad and a ginger beer to-go. I was impressed with their drink selection.There were only a few other people in the small restaurant when I sat down to wait 15-20 minutes for my food. The ginger beer was good, it had a nice strong bite to it. When I got back to the office to enjoy my salad, I was a little surprised.The flavor of the salad was really good and the ingredients were fresh, however the spice on the chicken made it very, very spicy. I would say it was a little too much for my taste, and I enjoy spicy food. I just don't like my food so hot that my eyes start to water and I can't stop sniffling from my nose running.Now, maybe it's not always that hot, and that was a one time thing . . . hard to say. I'm thinking I should go back and give it (or something else on the menu) another try. Everything looked way to good to give up on this place after only one spicy chicken incident!
4	I found this place to be warm, friendly, and with very good food. I enjoyed the Avocado Spring Rolls, Rice & Peas, and the Roasted Corn on the Cobb. To top it all off, I had TWO cups of delicious Carrot Juice. The waitress was attentive and personable.
4	i'm kinda surprised i am writing this. i know i wrote this review before but it says "write a review" so i'm going on memory. the food was great, we sat outside, table of 4, it was a beautiful day. i ordered the plantain spring rolls and the main dish escapes me. but it was fantastic. i was super happy with my food. i raved about it to friends. which leaves me perplexed why i am sitting here now 3 months later writing this review. lol. desert is amazing..so is the coffee. i'm not even sure why i have not been back since my last visit. :-/ i need to get my shit together.
4	While shopping at the Farmer's Market downtown one Saturday, someone handed us a little square sample of something.... so delicious, we went back for another bite. It was the sweet potato bread pudding served at Breadfruit, and knew this was a restaurant we had to try.We went for dinner on a weeknight, and were immediately greeted by a friendly and knowledgeable server. The restaurant is inviting and cozy, lit with candles, and open kitchen, polished concrete floors, a brick wall and bright green accents.The waiter, who was attentive without hovering, recommended an appetizer on special that night, and it was fantastic. It had heat, but it was the flavors that came through. We ordered rice to go with at the server's recommendation, and were glad we did, as it gave something to soak up that leftover sauce. Fantastic. My husband order another special for his entree -- oxtail rice and chard. It was delicious. But the hit of the night was a staple entree, jerk chicken. Again, plenty of heat, but the flavors were doing a reggae in my mouth. We ended our meal with rich coffee made in the French press and the dessert that had lured us there in the first place: Sweet Potato Bread Pudding.  The menu isn't extensive, but what we had was exquisitely prepared, and the specials added variety. It's also vegetarian friendly. We will definitely be back.
4	We arrived at 7pm on a Friday and asked to sit outside since it was a beautiful night and we would have had to wait a while for inside seating. Our server was friendly but a little pushy and managed (i know it's our fault) to up-sell everything. It's a BYOB place so we brought beer but couldn't drink it since we were outside. So we all ordered a fruit drink including a whole coconut for it's water then fruit. The appetizers were really small for the price and although the mango avocado spring rolls sound delicious, they weren't that tasty. I ordered the coconut curry tofu which was great and not spicy (the jerk chicken was too spicy for me). Our dinner for four came to $120 before tip - pretty pricy since we didn't have alcohol.
1	I have been regretting this review. Why? Because I did my research, was looking forward to trying it, I read the reviews and I was comfortable that I knew what to expect. I went in on a whim on 4/1. I truly did enjoy my meal and experience, only to come home and within a few hours experience one of the worst cases of food poisoning I have had in years. The wait staff is very good at garnering the up-sale, they were very friendly and professional. I went with the Escoviche Fish recommendation (blacked fish with coleslaw and a grilled pineapple slice) , the Mango Lemonade and the Sweet Potato Puddin' (almost $50 for just me, I felt it a bit over priced, even with out my food poisoning). Like I mentioned earlier, everything was good and very flavorful.  I was content and full on the way home, I was feeling nothing more than a good meal. And initially prepared to give it at least 3 stars. It is almost 4 days later and I am still not back to normal.  I don't plan on stopping in anytime soon.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):9 Food10 Service10 Atmosphere9 ValueI believe in God.  That is because of the amazing serendipity that landed my new condo not 30 yards away from a restaurant with superb food, quaint atmosphere, friendly servers, orgasmic desserts, and for the cherry on top: BYO motha f***in' B.I can't tell you how much I appreciate the fact that I can have a bottle of wine in a restaurant without the 200% markup.Their Brown Stew Chicken and their Chicken & Dumpling are both winners.  And if you've never been here to have their sweet potato pudding (really it's like a pie) with their unbelievable personally-concocted vanilla ice cream (b/c their old go-to Haagan Daaz wasn't good enough for them), then God must hate you.
5	X O Lent!  No! I don't mean the cognac! First off, food was great.  I don't know what "real" Jamaican food taste like or look like, but I gather it's similar to what I ate or hope it is :)  This is a small place so if you want to try it out go during the weekday like I did.  It's a BYOB restaurant so like your best friends NFL gathering bring what you want to drink - though unlike your friends gathering they'll charge you for what you bring, but the price is not bad...really!  Our server tonight was on top of it.  I give this place 2 thumbs up!
3	The service was very friendly but horrifically slow and disorganized.  One waitress serving the entire restaurant, plus she had to make coffee, finish plating details.  We asked many questions about the menu.  When she returned to take our orders, I ordered shrimp and then she informed me that they were not serving any shrimp dishes that day.  She could have told us that when we were seated, and shrimp comprises about half of their menu.  Duh?Food was good.  Not fantastic.  But solidly good.  The festival bread sticks were delicious.  We had an incredibly fresh piece of snapper that was really well prepared.  While I did not like the seasoning on the curry chicken, the meat itself was very fresh and juice and did not taste like factory farm chicken, but good free range meat.
2	I really expected to like Breadfruit having read the other reviews and being recommended as a veggie resturant. REALLY?!? There is one thing on the menu that is veggie? I'm perplexed and underwhelmed. Anyway, not too impressed with the flavors, I thought it would be spicier... And it took forever to get a glass of water, forever to get our beers opened, forever to get our food. But i wanted to give 2 stars for a locally owned business that takes buying local serious. But maybe give us some more veggie options?
4	Partner and I came here at 5:40 on a Thursday. I had their soup of the day, which happened to be a red snapper "bisque," and confused me greatly by being simply a seafood soup. A bisque, by definition, is creamy. Nevertheless, it came packed with spicy, fishy goodness, and whole peppercorns! I think the chef got lucky that I really enjoy peppercorns and fish broth. He came out later in the meal, asked if I enjoyed it, and said that he worried it would be too "fishy." Nice guy, btw.Their scallop appetizer was well-cooked (nice jerk sear on the outside, almost gooey inside), but rather pricey (12.50). The jamaican spinach empanada was seasoned well and baked rather than fried, but wasn't anything to write home about.The real highlight of the meal was the carrot juice and strawberry lemonade my partner and I ordered. Fresh and (mostly) local, which I appreciate.If I could, I would give this review a 3.5 star rating. It wasn't quite 4, but I'll give it the benefit of the doubt because we need more environmentally aware eateries that give their food a personal touch.
3	This place has very good food, and they take pride in the fact that most of it is not only organic but local. I first learned of The Breadfruit because they were sampling a strawberry lemonade at the PHX Public Market. That same night, as we were deciding where to go have dinner with a friend from out of town, I remembered and made the suggestion. It sounded good to everyone, so off we went to enjoy a Jamaican dinner.The restaurant is small, with a tropical decor, just a few tables, and a pretty good view of the kitchen. The staff is very attentive, to the point of being pushy and persistent, but I'll get back to that in a second. First the food!Despite the server's insistence that we should try one of their fresh juices, we really didn't want to. No one in our party really drinks juice, and no one wanted an alcoholic beverage, so we all chose water. For our appetizer, we all shared a plate of oven-roasted plantains. Very similar to Cuban/Puerto Rican fried sweet plantains, but possibly healthier, since they were roasted in the oven and not fried. They were delicious, and the plate had enough so that each of us got two plantains.For dinner, two of us ordered the Jerk Chicken off the Grill and one of us had the Jerk Prawns. All of these dishes were accompanied by a fresh baked festival (Jamaican cornbread?), grilled pineapple, corn on the cobb, and a spicy cole slaw. I can't speak for anyone else, but my meal was delicious and the portion was just right. The jerk spice was perfect blend of sweet and spicy, and when things got too hot, a quick bite of grilled pineapple brought things back to a happy level. Truly enjoyed that dinner. My husband, who got the prawns, was disappointed at the size of his portion, felt that he didn't get enough food, but enjoyed the meal nonetheless.By the time we were done, there really wasn't room for dessert, though that didn't stop our server from ignoring us and insisting on leaving a dessert menu on our table. So about that persistent server... It was nice at first, to have someone who is so enthusiastic about the food offered at The Breadfruit. She spoke passionately and animatedly about the process of selecting local and organic ingredients or all their dishes, and when we asked her about some of the entrees, she lit up and gave us great detail about each one. But then it took a turn toward Annoyinglandia. Fast. In addition to the information we wanted, she went on and on about the juices, and after we ordered our appetizer and entrees, she tried to upsell several sides to each of us, though we continued to tell her this was all we wanted. Our guest made the mistake of saying out loud that he was a bit dehydrated. Our server suddenly became a nutrition expert and proceeded to tell him how one of the best ways to "dehydrate" is to eat your hydration, and suggested various salads (hello! We just ordered full entrees!). In addition to the salad for hydration, she again insisted on bringing some of the carrot juice she mentioned earlier. Again, we declined, each time a little more obviously annoyed with her persistence. But she was not to be deterred. This same level of persistence and constant attempts to upsell other menu items, drinks and dessert continued, even after we had paid our bill and were walking out the door. The meal was great, but the dining experience would have been a lot more enjoyable had the server listened to us, respected our choices, and other than to check on us for water and such, had left us to enjoy our meals in the company of our guest. The three of us felt her persistence was more "pestering" than "good customer service" and that was very unfortunate. With regard to the bill - it was around $50 including a 20% tip - keep in mind that we had no sides, no drinks and shared ONE appetizer between the three of us. Considering that everything is made from scratch and great care goes into selecting the ingredients, I'm happy to pay a little more for chicken, corn on the cob and cornbread once in a while.Would I eat here again? If someone else invites me to go, yes, but I probably won't be hurrying back, despite the food being very good. It was a somewhat annoying dining experience and the food alone wasn't strong enough to bring me back.
4	Breadfruit was the perfect place to have my birthday dinner. Although it's a bit small, they accommodated our party of 6. The food is something to rave about with the browned chicken stew that uses few ingredients but key ingredients in making a good dish (i.e. ginger, spices, etc). My friend had the chicken and dumplings, which she could take it or leave it since the wheat dumplings were dense; however, the jerk chicken was described as "very good."  It included a juicy and tender piece of chicken and the right combination of corn, plantains, and pineapples. They advertise using fresh local ingredients and you can tell with the vegetables that were perfectly cooked (crispy). Another friend ordered the curried tofu, which was full of flavor and a dish that I am going to try next time. Overall, Breadfruit has great food, excellent price for the quality of food, fun selection of non-alcoholic beverages, and a BYOB option. I will come back and see you again.
5	I LOVE Breadfruit! The last time I went in I was bummed to see they weren't carrying my favorite bok-choy dish any longer (maybe it was seasonal?) but the food was fantastic, as was the vegan dessert. If I lived closer I would go here at least weekly. Cute atmosphere, great music and wonderful food.
3	I'm glad I got to try Jamaican food but I won't go back.I am impressed that the restaurant uses almost all organic stuff and buys as much locally as possible.  They are located just a block from Phx Public market after all.I ordered the carrot juice drink that came highly recommended by the waitress.  It was just okay.  I really love Trader Joes carrot juice and would choose that over this restaurants and it is much cheaper.As an appetizer.  MY friend and I shared the plantain/avocado eggrolls.  I couldn't wait to try them.  I love avocado and they sounded amazing.  For the price ($7.50, I think) you only get two eggrolls cut in half.  I thought that was a bit pricey.  They were a huge disappointment.. Plantains are a bit mushy and bland as a rule and so are avocados.  So together you got a bland, mushy eggroll wrapped in a flavorless wonton wrapping.  It came with a mango puress dipping sauce which was sweet but not very flavorful and mushy.  lolFor dinner I had the coconut curry tofu.  The tofu had a texture I have never experienced before and at first I didn't like it but it really grew on me.  The rice was blah, the coconut steamed vegetables was boring from how they sound and the fried plantain was good.The restaurant is cute though and the service really good.
1	James Beard would have cut the corn.  --Okay so I know you must be wondering exactly what that means.  We went to the restaurant on a wed night--picked up a great rose from AZ Stronghold at public market to avoid the corkage fee and was looking forward to a new dining experience.  Things started out fabously--the wait person was well informed and helpful with the menu.  We decided to split three dishes.We ordered the scallops appetizer--they were perfect!  done to perfection which is not easily done with scallops.  We split them --put one on each plate.Next came the jerk chicken salad--again--a wonderful complement of spicy chicken and mangos--the perfect marriage of spice and sweet.we commented we had made the perfect choice of the Rose from AZ Stronghold and looking forward to the next course.and so it came--jerk prawns, grilled pineapple on slaw--with a half an ear of corn--ahhhhhh there's the rub.  the plate would looked lovely, but because we were sharing--I asked the wait person--if the corn could be cut in half--don't get me wrong, i really liked my dining companion, but could not just bring myself to  nibble on the same ear of corn.  the wait person took the plate  back to the kitchen--we were salivating because the prawns smelled really wonderful--then the plate came back--and the ear of corn was still in tack--during the course of rest of the evening we were given several reasons, why this simple request could not be accomodatedahh-the chef is an artist and cutting the corn would have upset the balance of the design of the plate.  we could not cut the ear ourselves because there were no sharp knives.-- there are only two chefs and there isn"t time to accomodate special requestsok--this is a restaurant with maybe 10 tables--by the time we left there were only 2 people left in the restaurant.--so special requests can't be accomodated?  Also we would have eaten the corn, but instead it was wasted.I am self employed and my customers are everything to my livlihood.  If I can accomodate I will even though it might not be exactly what I want to do--because the more important thing is I want to establish long term relationships with  them and have them come back again and again and again.Unfortunately--I will not be going back to breadfruit--the food was generally good--but I would rather spend my dining dollar in someplace the recognizes that it is so easy to accomodate simple requests and the benefit to do that is repeat customers.--it would have been so easy to have satisfied customers, by simply cutting the ear of corn.
1	I don't intend to return, but based on the way we were treated by the kitchen earlier this week, my "uncouth" self doesn't exactly feel welcome anyway. However, I'm not quite convinced that it's my loss... It had been almost a year since my original visit to Breadfruit which did not overwhelm (as you can judge by it taking me a year to make it back) but I did have an appreciation of the option for Caribbean cuisine. Since a friend and I were going to be downtown for an event, I suggested Breadfruit for our dinner spot. We enjoy good food and supporting local. The option to pick up wine at the Public Market next door and have the already reasonable corkage fee waived was a bonus, as we had really enjoyed a couple of the Arizona Stronghold wines at a recent FnB wine pairing and thought they would pair well with the Jamaican heat! While the scallops were delicious and cooked perfectly, 2 for $12.50 -- $6.25 per scallop -- is a tad steep in my book. We also shared the Jerk Chicken Salad ($9.95) and the Jerk Prawns Off the Grill ($14.95). Here's the ultimate rub, the bottom of the menu states "no substitutions or modifications"... Since when is cutting a KFC-side-sized ear of corn a "modification"? At the same time, the menu describes the restaurant and it's offerings as "Nothing fancy; simply good food that nourishes and rejuvenates the body." It seems like cutting something in half so we could easily share it -- particularly after the plate has been delivered to the table for us to appreciate it's "beauty" AND after we've communicated to our server and demonstrated with the first two courses that we were splitting the items -- is in the vein of "nothing fancy." How about providing the customer with an appropriate utensil to cut it themselves, then? The fact that the chef was obstinate in refusing to cut the KFC-side-sized ear of corn provided with our entree screams "pretentious and grandiose" and tainted our entire experience. To quote my dinning companion, "You are not James Beard and James Beard would've cut the corn!"
4	Went to Breadfruit a few weeks ago and  it was delicious!  They have a few vegetarian options that are quite good.  I'll need to return to update this review, but believe me (Please!), you will like this small-ish restaurant with big food goodness.  The staff is extremely friendly and helpful and you will not be disappointed.  Will update soon!
4	Breadfruit is a refreshing restaurant for anyone in search of delicious, fresh, and filling food. I have tried numerous appetizers and each have been wonderful. I particularly like the patties. The flaky crust is perfect. As for entrees, I love that they have some inventive and creative vegetarian and vegan options. The curry tofu is my favorite, however, the pop cho is also tasty. As for beverages, the carrot juice or the coconut water are good, but I am docking them a star as soon I will no longer be able to BYOB here. Hopefully, when they get their liquor license they will have great wines so I can update my post. Everyone must finish their meal with the Breadfruit's own homeade vanilla ice cream and sweet potato pudding. It is melt in your mouth good. If they sold the vanilla ice cream in pints, I would stock it in my freezer, and probably turn into a vanilla ice cream addict. Breadfruit is simply wonderful.
4	The Breadfruit is a staple restaurant for my girlfriend and I. We're usually in here once a month or so. It's a small, quiet restaurant tucked into downtown. While small, it's nicely decorated with rotating local artists' work displayed on the walls. Service is always very friendly and usually pretty quick.The entres are all generally pretty first rate. Though I usually get the curried chicken, the brown stew chicken and jerk chicken are both excellent choices. On the vegetarian side of things, the pop cho with ginger is amazing. I love the sweet potato mash with garlic - unfortunately it wasn't on the menu the last time I was there - not sure if it'll be making a return or not.Personally I like spicy food - so I've never had any issue with it being overly hot. In terms of consistency it's always fresh and excellent - one of the more consistent restaurants in this regard. Most of the entrees are in the $10 range - which I think is very reasonable.If I was going to nitpick at anything it'd be the appetizers - not the quality which is generally very good (the festivals with the nice mango chutney are usually our pick) - but the pricing. With shrimp and scallop appetizers being more expensive than most the entrees it just seems odd - though I'm sure getting quality, fresh seafood in Phoenix probably isn't cheap.*EDIT* - Breadfruit now has a liquor license and is no longer BYOB - bummer.Also, their specials tend to be significantly pricier than most their menu items (like double average entree cost) but they don't go out of their to mention this - so be sure to ask pricing on the specials.
4	Great food, great service. Bring your own wine and people that love food, and you'll have great time!! Must try the carrot juice...trust me! Only metered street parking, and the meters are 1 hour. Bring change and be prepared to run out and feed the meter. On the upside, you can see the street from any table, so you can keep an eye out for the Meter Reader!
4	I've had the luxury and the pleasure to have eaten the BEST Jamaican food prepared.  So I'm a bit biased. Haling from Flatbush NY, where everybody and their mama is a chef.  Oh and I've had the opportunity to eat at an actually Jamaican restaurant in Jamaica.  I'm more than biased.I was hungry. My hunny was hungry.  We were hot and tired of fast food.  So we decided to trek via the steel horse to this quaint restaurant.Decorum: Decorum: paint job was nice.  Yellow and green walls. Pictures of Jamaican food.  Local art.  Jamaican paintings.  Nice candles. Small tables,  Nice environment for couples.  Tables outside.  No one was outside because it was hot ass 99 degree hell.   Bob Marley, is what I sang along to while I waited patiently for my food.  We held our breathe.  This is Phoenix after all.  There are no Jamaicans here. So I thought.Service:  When entering the restaurant everyone behind the counter said HI!  I felt like I was at  Blockbuster.  They were as happy to see us as I was hungry to eat my food. The lone waiter looked like a hippy, not Jamaican.   And i knew he wasn't Jamaican, because he had a New Jersey accent.  And he was err um not Black.THE FOOD:  I ordered they brown stew chicken, with rice and peas and huge heep of cabbage. Never had it prepared that way.  Never want to eat a huge slimy hard to cut heap of cabbage again.  Try shredding it, please. One red and one green pepper slice.  And to my dismay two puny slices of plantains.  Yes I was disappointed. For that is the best part of a Jamaican dish.  I eyed my dates plate for his and he had his arms guarding his plate like a prisoner in jail.  So no, not enough plantains.  The rice and peas tasted like Indian rice.  It looked like Indian rice.  In fact it was Indian bismati rice.  The chef told me himself. Jamaicans dont eat bismati rice.  Its too expensive. They eat white rice with beans.  I was confused, but i was hungry and i did eat it.  No ginger beer available.  But the carrot juice was not so bad.  And the three dollar glass of ice tea  was OK because my boyfriend ordered it, but then he drank my drink. Because it was bleh.Liquor was available, but read below why we didn't indulge.  The prices:  Pretty steep for a Jamaican restaurant.  But I was hungry, and not paying.  Two meals and two drinks came to a whooping $29.  My boyfriend gave a measly three dollar tip.  Mostly because he was a decent waiter and times are hard. And because  there were more staff there than customers.  And they were watching our every move.  Synopsis: Surprisingly, I ate everything on my plate.  My hunny ate everything on his plate.  And then tried to eat my food, because he paid for it.  (wink) So it wasn't that bad.   The Chef dropped by to ask me how my dining experience was.  I frankly asked about the rice...was it basmati rice? He said yes.  He explained in a nerdy hipster narrative that he knew the butcher who the killed the animals and the farmer who grew the veggies.  His lifestyle and how he was injecting ether to the restaurant scene in Phoenix.  That is why I am giving the guy a break.  So instead of giving him a 2.  I will give him a 3.  You know what, ill change it to 4 because I'm pmsing.  And like I said, I am biased.  Support the guy.  Its quaint, nicely located in downtown Phoenix.  And he came all the way from to Jamaica to hells kitchen to feed you wholesome, well prepared Jamaican food. .
5	Absolutely incredible flavors. Service and environment is wonderful and had no issues whatsoever. I am eternally grateful for a restaurant like this. There is not nearly enough island flavor in the city and I feel The Breadfruit certainly represents it. Thank you!
4	If, like me, independently-owned, ethnic, reasonably-priced, and veg-friendly is your steeze, this is the kind of place you love to love. If, also like me, you prefer to have a few options for inexpensive beer and wine to accompany your worldly cuisine, you knock off one star. We split the avocado spring rolls to start - basically a wrapped up slice of avocado and mango, served with a sweet chutney.  I enjoyed them, but I am starting to admit that despite being raised in California and adoring Mexican food, I will never really like avocados. But if you love them like everybody in the world except me, you will like this app. We then shared the tofu curry and the bok choy stir fry. These were both delish, and a good value at $10 each. I was happy enough with my Red Stripe for $4, but disappointed by the selection of only 3 wines, two of which I think cost $14/glass. All in all, very cute place, good food, and a place you feel happy to support.
1	Save your money and time.  It took over an hour just to get our lunch served and there was hardly anyone in the restaurant, even after expressing to our waiter that we were in a rush.Ordered off the basic Taste of the Island menu.  The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.  Not impressed especially for a restaurant near the ASU downtown campus.  Lots of other places that serve good quality food at a reasonable time.
5	I ended up here on a Saturday afternoon because the place we were going for lunch was a long wait and walking back to the car we saw the sign, which worked out perfectly!I had never been to a place like this before and the server was super helpful with suggestions. I had the avocado salad and it was amazing and really fresh. For dessert, we shared the sweet potato pudd'n with vanilla ice cream (at the servers suggestion) and it was absolutely delicious! I now find myself craving it from time to time. I liked the atmosphere as there is a small dining area, perfect for a party of two. There is a very Jamaican feel to the decor and it complimented the menu nicely. I definitely intend to go back and try out some other sections from the menu and get some more of that pudd'n!
5	wandered in after first friday, sat right down no wait and it was soooooo good!  tiny little place, the kitchen smells amazing. very affordable given the quality and portions of the food. jerk chicken was pretty spicy, just how i like it.  my buddy ordered the scallops and said they were pretty much the best.  excellent drinks (order the coconut water and it is srved in a real coconut that you can scope the "meat" out of) and the two piece musical outfit added great music to chill but definetly not overwhelm. cant wait to go back.
4	Delicious island food that is served by cooks on island time.  Come well before you are hungry.
4	I popped in here after walking around downtown, and the smell was amazing.  I was already hungry walking in, but the smell practically had me foaming at the mouth.I sat down & had a drink (non-alcoholic because it was a work day) in minutes, and my food arrived 15 minutes later.  The server was super friendly with lots of suggestions & tips.  She recommended a dish , and I had the fish specialty (escoviche?).  It was super!  I got the impression that the jerk chicken is very spicy, but with this dish the "eater" (me) can control the heat, since it's served with chiles and chile oil on the side.  I ended up going all in with the chiles.  Yum city!I definitely want to go back and try some of the spicier food & have a cocktail as well.  It seemed like they have a small, but great selection of fresh juices and tasty rums to go well with the cuisine.As a side note for anyone looking to go here.  It's in a great little spot of PHX, surrounded by other restaurants, and it is close to the light rail (for the lucky few who happen to live off that awesome 17-mile stretch of public transportation).  If you go, note that the place is tiny!!!  It seats maybe 20 people tops, but I think that quaintness adds to its charm.
5	I am totally irie after tonight's dinner at The Breadfruit. What a great little gem in Phoenix. The lady of the house and I went , as I'd been following the place on Yelp, and seeing the great reviews in the local papers. I'm familiar with Island food, having spent my high school years in Florida during a period of much emigration from Haiti, Jamaica, and the other islands. It was a real pleasure to see the classics presented in a modern setting. The Breadfruit just got their liquor license! Normally, we don't start with cocktails, but the drinks menu looked amazing. I chose My Favorite Carrot Juice, which is made with carrot juice, coconut milk, vanilla and more. Loved it. The lady had the Sorrel, and later the Pink Ting. She loved it. We started with their perfect Appleton Rum Sea Scallops and a Spinach Patty. The scallops were cooked just right and were on the money with regard to spice. The spinach patty is such a basic thing, really delicate with some unexpected savory taste. She had Curried Chicken and Dumpling. Superb. The whole wheat dumpling was unexpected and had a thick bit to it. The go-alongs were cabbage, green banana, and plantains. I got to taste most of it and found it to be  perfect island comfort food. I had the Estovich Fish and Festival. Tonight's fish was red snapper, which I love. They used their Jerk rub to heat it up and put the Estovich on the side. Good move, as you can heat it up Scotch Bonnet-style, as much as you'd like. This came with grilled pineapple, coleslaw, and one festival. Said corn on the menu, but it never came. Service was superb. Our server, Jason, asked if it was our first time and where we'd heard of them. When I said "Yelp", he quickly jotted this on the order pad. This waiter was great at anticipating our questions and explaining the menu. Goodup guy, as the Jamaicans say!
3	After visiting a couple more times, I have seen inconsistencies in how they make their dishes. The few selection of dishes is a hindrance if you want to visit the restaurant more than 2 times. I am dropping my ratings to 3 stars due to mixed reviews every time I go; however, their oxtail special is a must.
4	No longer BYO, which is a huge bummer.  We were very happy taking in our bottles of wine and making a good night of it, often with large groups of friends, but that is no more.  The bill of course is now much higher and the wine selection was a bit weak.
4	Never had a disappointing meal here. Very good!
2	I went to BF a while back & thought the food was just OK. The way my friend & I were treated when we showed up a few minutes before our reservation was a true slap in the face. They were completely rude & told us to wait in the hallway near the bathrooms until our table was ready. What was interesting is that there were only a few patrons in the restaurant. I'm a huge foodie and recommend many establishments to my clients and this one is definately off the list.  I don't care how good your food is but if the service is bad, I will never return.  There are too many great restraunts in the Phoenix area with great service and great food to waste my hard earned money at a place like Bread Fruit.
4	Stumbled upon this place a while back and was pleasantly surprised.  It's a small clean place that seemed a bit unassuming, but friends and I decided to stop in.  Boy I'm glad we did!  the carrot juice was great, always love a place that offers ginger beer, and the brown chicken stew was sooooo good.  Wish I had room for dessert, but I was pretty stuffed by the end.  One thing I don't recommend is the plantain and avocado spring rolls.  It just becomes a strange flavorless mush in your mouth.  But don't let that dissuade you from trying this place out, because then you'd be missing out.
4	Significant Other and I went here back on Oct 15th. We had heard great things about this place from friends we trust, so we decided to check it out. As we were told, it is a very quaint place and could lead to wait times to be seated if you go during a busy time. Luckily we beat the crowd and were able to sit right away. The place has a dark, cool ambience, but looks clean and inviting. I had the Sorrell drink, it was really good, but a bit too strong of a taste for me to go with my dinner. We had the Plantain Avocado Spring Rolls for an appetizer. They were good, but a little mushy and not quite as flavorful as I had expected. The Jerk Chicken Off the Grill was delicious. It was one of the most flavorful, juiciest, tender chicken dinners I've had. And the sides of corn, rice, and pineapple were perfect. Of course I had to try a desert - the Pudd'n A La Mode. Very nice. All in all, a great local small business to try out and you'll find that you will probably return.
3	Parked in front of this place while going to visit the Phoenix Public Market. We were pleasantly surprised to find out there were no freezers or microwaves in this restaurant, so that tells you right there that you are receiving fresh, well prepared food. We had to try the Jerk plates as it was  Caribbean food. The spice was nice and the food was delicious. The only thing that would make us not go back was the small portions for the price, but at least you know you are paying for quality. They also had blue mountain coffee, which was awesome! All in all, if you have extra money & want to taste something different & good, this is the place.
2	Hmmm....where do I start...SAVE YOUR MONEY!!! Honestly, if you don't mind paying through the ear for a mediocre meal, then feel free and pay a visit, but don't say yelp reviewers didn't give you fair warning. So I was taken here for my birthday, and I was super excited! I had heard good reviews and could not wait to get my hands on some stew chicken!! We started out with the drink menu, the mango drink with mint is very good and reasonably priced compared to everything on the menu. Since we heard the portions were small, we decided we would each get an app, share, and then each order entrees. The Festival with mango chutney...taste was good, price was ridiculous!!!!!! They seriously make 2 tiny breadsticks, cut them in half and stick it in a small bowl of chutney. I don't care what fancy ingredients you use, but for $5.95, at least add some more breadsticks!!! The plantain and avocado rolls were also small, the plantain was not even fully ripened, and the cost was $7.95..., these ingredients are not fancy, or expensive, and the flavor was disappointing. I decided that I was going to get the the jamaican patty with fish, but after being slightly confused by the waitress I ended up ordering the chefs special appetizer...OMG what a MISTAKE!!! The chef's special was fish springrolls with mango and spinach(or some other green) served with a spicy sauce...the flavor was bitter and it needed more fish...especially when I saw the price after the bill came..12.50!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! for the smallest spring rolls in the world, and the fish in it? Probably the scraps left over after they get the filets off the bone for an entree. The stew chicken that I was soo excited about? ehhh...i've made better with a half ass recipe. The only thing I found that was rare and delicious, was a boiled green banana that is hard to find in phoenix. Although a roasted sweet potato or yam would have fit in as well. The curry chicken and dumpling is a joke! you get about 4- 5 small pieces of a cut chicken breast and a big dense dumpling, I was afraid to take too much when I asked if i could taste, so i took a sliver or chicken and a sliver of dumpling....not impressed. The rice and plantain on the plate was ok, but again, the plantain was not fully ripened. The best thing on my plate was grilled piece of cabbage and the boiled banana. Now that I think of it, for a restaurant that is is focused on local ingredients and the experience of eating your food etc...why the heck would they serve mangoes, plantains, and green bananas and anything with fish for that matter...seems at odds with the philosophy All in all, 3 diners, 0 repeat customers. The space is nice, the service is friendly. Food is ok, prices are ridiculous. I would not recommend it to my friends.
5	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):n/a Food10 **Drinks**10 Service9 Atmosphere7 ValueThis new bar spot was just opened by the owners of the next-door Breadfruit restaurant (Jamaican food).  Same as their restaurant, everything here is amazing quality.They also punched a walkway into the wall between the two places, so you can order Breadfruit food over in the RumBar as well.Verdict: over 70 quality rums (working up to 108) = YES!**NOTE: Their grand opening isn't until Jan 27th.  Until then they are still playing with hours & drink recipes, so during this time all drinks are only $6!**
4	I went to college in Miami and I know and love Caribbean food. Living in Phoenix, choices for this cuisine are quite limited so I was really excited to try out this place. Pros:1) Love the ambience and that's it's small.2) The food is delicious.3) The service is great.4) The carrot juice is amazing.5) For the most part, it's a healthy take on Caribbean food. Cons:1) The price of the food.Regardless, I will definitely return.
4	"Rum makes a fine hot drink, a fine cold drink, and is not so bad from the neck of a bottle." So wrote Fortune Magazine in 1933, and it's nice to see we are starting to rediscover this spirit (after the demise of the Tiki scene). In fact, if you really want to motivate yourself to get out to Rum Bar, read "And A Bottle of Rum: A History of the New World in Ten Cocktails" by Wayne Curtis. I highly doubt you will make it through more than 2 chapters before you show up at Rum Bar wanting to try this fantastic spirit. Rum Bar is ideal for your venture into rum because soon they will have 108 rums to offer, ranging in price from $8 to over $120 a glass (with most between $8-15). On top of that, Rum Bar is offering unique and classic rum cocktails (which are going for $6 now, before going up to $8 plus per). We tried a handful of cocktails and each was well-made, even though the bar is still perfecting its recipes. The Estate Mai Tai is very good, and in no way hides the alcohol with overly sweet mixers like some Mai Tais...I consider that a good thing, some may not. The Dark and Stormy, properly made with Goslings, is good, but I think it could use some lime. The Mojito Vanilla is refreshing, without being overly sweet or filled with too much fake flavor. Another nice feature is that Rum Bar offers rum flights, a great way to try a range of rums. The food is right from the pass through to Breadfruit, so you can have some decent Jamaican food with your Rum. The service was very attentive, although a little to "salesy" for me, but then again, they are new and are trying to get their concept out to new customers. The space is small, cozy, and has just the right level of lighting for a drink of rum with your friends, pirates, your sugar supplier, or your copy of And A Bottle of Rum.
5	Sat in the new bar and had me some rumFlight and vanilla mojito was mighty yum, yum!As it raged down my throat and warmed my tum, tumMade my body go numb, pervert hands now rubbing my baby's booty bum...Ordered the appletin rum, sea scallops next Definitely THE BEST, in the Southwest! With a spicy kick of zest!The crispy mango fish rolls, which were only so-soStill craving dem scallops-give me some mo! Give me some mo!Curry chicken with dumplings was my main mealTexture is dense if you like that type of appealComfort that'll make ya re-invent the wigga-wigga-wheelAnd kick off your hood rat heels!Boyfriend ordered the jerk chicken off da grillFinger-licking the last of his mealDamn, can I get a bite or do I have to steal?Prices, not too bad of a dealThis rum has got me coping a feel!Leaving room for some dessert The Blue Mountain Coffee has got me on full alertMan looking so good, got a girl doing the slurp, slurpHe's trying not to get hurt,As he reaches for the sweetLove'n, potato pudd'nOverall, Breadfruit was the bombFelt like I was in Jamaica, passing that bong :)
5	Felt so bad, walked into this place with a huge group right when they were doing last call. But what did they do? The staff made it happen! The waitress treated us wonderfully and immedietly told us the specials. I'm not a huge rum person at all, but the signature drink she offered me was delicious! The astmosphere was great, very cute spot.  Rum bar is definitely worth checking out! I'm all about new hot spots in downtown Phoenix!
1	I had a chance to check this place out before going out and about on First Friday in February and I was quite disappointed. The concept of the bar is awesome and the drinks sounded great, but the overall execution was terrible. Really, this rating is completely based on service and maybe I should give it 2 stars as their drinks are very good, but that's about it.Upon arriving at Breadfruit/Rum Bar, we were told to sit anywhere in the bar area and someone would be around to serve us. There were about 20 or so people in the whole place (restaurant and bar), so it didn't seem that busy. However, it took about 10 minutes before someone came over to take our drink order or even acknowledge our group. Not a good sign. After we made our order or Estate Mai Tai, Dark and Stormy, Mojito Ponganot and French Caribbean Breeze, two of which were the server/bar keepers suggestions, we waited and checked out the decor. The ambiance inside is dark and relaxed, but made reading the menu almost impossible. Others around us and our group were using cell phones to try and read the menu, it was so dark. I get trying to give a place a vibe, but can we get a little bit of light to read? Drinks Arrive! These were amazing. I had very high expectations given the selection of rum and narrative behind everything we ordered, but was still impressed. Drinks were well blended and decently strong. The Mai Tai was off the charts and might have kicked my ass had I gotten another.Which brings us to the next drink, that never happened. Our server/bar keep came by mid way through our cocktails and asked if we wanted a second order, but given the time it was taking us to get through the first one, three of us waited and one ordered a Red Stripe.15 minutes pass and most of us are either done or close enough to order another, but no server. Drinks done and our group is waiting for another 10 minutes. No Red Stripe and no second order. What the hell. Now we are sitting around waiting just to see how long it takes, but after 10 more minutes, we give up and go to the bar to get our tab. 10 more minutes go by and we finally have our bill, but there is no breakdown of what we ordered. It's just part of good service to always bring a breakdown of the bill and we were curious to see if the Red Stripe we ordered and never got was on there.  Sure enough, after 10 more minutes of waiting to get a breakdown of the bill, there was the unicorn Red Stripe. Getting that off the bill was another 10 minutes and finally, we were allowed to leave.I'm not sure what happened that evening, but there is no reason for poor service. The place was not that busy and they were clearly not understaffed  based on the amount of staff roaming around. The staff seemed preoccupied with assisting those sitting directly at the bar instead of the lounge seating behind the bar stools and the bar appeared to be getting great service. I'll give it another try for the drinks and sit at the bar, but it's with hesitation and low expectations of service.
4	I went to the rum bar at breadfruit with my friend to visit her boyfriend and grab some drinks after first fridays, and  If you want a great nay amazing mojito come to this bar it is the best.  The prices are pretty moderate for the specialty drinks and food.  I ordered scallops for the appetizer, they were cooked to perfection and my friends wrapped plantains and avocado.  So good.  I will definitely go back to try there dinner meals. Good for groups of 2 to 4 not good for anything larger.  Recommendation: to anyone wanting to go to a dark bar and a great rum drink.
3	A nice cozy restaurant with a very nice staff. The food was just ok. It's like Jamaican/organic fusion. It was a little to trendy. And, not enough food.
4	My girlfriend and I went last night and had a very good time. We started with the Plantain Avocado Spring Rolls which we both enjoyed.She had the Curried Chicken and Dumpling and thought it was good but not great. The dumpling was very dense, a point that seemed a little odd, but the flavor was very good.I had the Jerk Chicken off the Grill and thought it was fantastic; the spice was considerable but delicious. The other items on the plate complimented the chicken well.We thought the portions were just right, and I feel the price of the Jerk Chicken off the Grill dish to be very reasonable considering the quality.For drinks, she had the Rum Cider, another item she thought was good but not great. I had The Good Jake, which I thought was very good and packed a serious punch of ginger. I also had a Dark and Stormy, an enjoyable staple drink.The dessert menu underwhelmed us (mostly because I wasn't in the mood for ice cream), so we skipped that course.There was one very slight issue with a lack of attention when we sat down. After thoroughly examining the menu and choosing our drinks, our appetizer, and our entrees, we had still not even seen a waiter or even received glasses of water. I'm not an impatient person, so I think I was justified in feeling we had been overlooked. The first person I did see must've been the owner. I kind of assumed he was not our waiter, but I asked him if he was anyway. He apologized for our wait, took our drink and appetizer order just as our waiter showed up. As he relayed the order to the waiter, he stated that the first round of drinks was on the house. I thought that was a very nice gesture that made up for any mistake on their part. Based on what I saw of the service at other tables, I think this was simply a one-off mistake by our waiter and don't expect it would happen on a second visit.Other than that, the service was very pleasant and attentive. The owner delivered our food and gave us some tips on how to best enjoy the dishes we had ordered. Water was refilled often. I was offered another drink as soon as my current drink was empty. All very good service points.If I could give this place a 4.5/5, I would. The only mild detractions due to my girlfriend only considering her entree and drink to be good rather than great and the minor attentiveness issue when we were first seated.We will definitely be back to The Breadfruit.
3	Now let me start by saying that this place has THE BEST rum collection I've ever seen. I had one of the best mojitos I've ever had. I also had a rum flight that was 9 bucks, pretty sweet. Now on to the service.....Look, I get that it's busy and there's a lot going on. I get it, scout's honor. I've heard bad things about the service here, but didn't believe it could be THAT bad. Boy was I wrong. We sit at the bar and after 5 minutes or so, we're able to order our drinks. Not sooo bad, but a little slow. We start to notice several tables approach the bar to either get their check or pay their check, apparently they had been waiting quite some time. I get halfway done with my drink, and start thinking about getting a 2nd drink and a tilapia patty. The bartenders were busy working away making drinks, not bothering to check on us at all. I don' t want to be that jerk at the bar that's waving them down, so I patiently wait and just try to make eye contact with them...and wait....and wait....and wait...and wait....you get it right? About 15 minutes goes by and a 9 top in the corner had to approach the bar to get menus and I had just decided to not get anything else. Finally about 25 minutes or so go by and we're able to get our check and escape. Again, I understand being busy but c'mon.....get your ish together yo!I will go back, hopefully this was just an off night for them. The food looks great, location's great, decor's great and they have an epic rum collection...I sure hope my next experience is better....
2	This review is a four for the classic mojitos and a one for the service. It is a damn shame because those are the best mojitos I have had in Phoenix but the service is so damn shitty. Don't get me wrong, the bartenders are nice but damn, do they all need to act like a bunch of potheads? I first came here for their Grand Opening and after things had died down, waited at the bar for 10 minutes before waving them down for a drink. They kept walking past me (looking down the whole time) and then would crowd around the computer trying to figure out the tickets. Very unorganized. My friends and I ended up leaving because of how long it would take to get a drink with 3 bartenders. I gave it another chance last night and the service was the same. It had been a good 10-15 minutes before the bartender asked if we wanted another mojito. My husband was pissed because he wanted to order food and they never checked up on that after giving us a menu. As we were sitting at the bar, a guy walks up and tells the bartender, "Um, we need menus for our 9 top over there in the corner." He seemed very irritated. The girl hands him menus and walks over to the bartender with the blond dreads and says something about him forgetting about the table. I can't say I was surprised AT ALL. The same male bartender forgot my first drink when I came to the grand opening. My husband and I really want to have dinner in the restaurant but are afraid the inattentive service extends to the servers. The menu looks delicious so maybe we'll have to do take-out.
5	Yuuum.  It was my last night in Phoenix and I wanted to have a nice meal before flying out.  I ordered the Jerk Chicken and a few Vanilla Mojitos.  It was very well done and quite different than any other meal I've had.  I would love to go back and try the rest of their menu.
3	I had a friend, another Jamaican, with a couple of hours layover in Phoenix so I picked him up and headed to this restaurant as it seemed the closest to the airport. The staff was very friendly and we didn't have to wait too long for service. I have to admit this small establishment was just about on of the fanciest  of the Jamaican restaurants I have visited in north america. This doesn't usually bode well with me because, from my personal experience, the fancier the restaurant, the more they stray from the authenticity of the cuisine by trying to please the american palate.We eschewed the nouvelle cuisine menu items obvious there to please that crowd and  ordered the Escovitch Fish and Jerk Chicken since my favourite "ox-tail" was nowhere on the menu and that is the dish most jamaicans use to test the excellence of our restaurants. I guess it doesn't ring well in a fancy place. Anyway, as a Kingstonian, I am used to going to a beach area where they cook up the best escovitch fish, corned with country pepper (habanero) and onions and dripping with grease but just finger licking good. That was not the case here but it was a darn righ better that I could have whipped up in my kitchen at home. I think most americans will probably enjoy it but I will wait until I am back home or at a greasy spoon in Brooklyn or one of the many Florida cities with large jamaican communities. The jerk chicken was also nothing like you would get back home but exotic enough for vacationers to the island needing a bit of nostalgia. The rice and peas was missing something. I am not sure what exactly but suspect it didn't have any coconut milk or not enough. Anyway, I have other jamaican friends who have enjoyed other dishes here so I have not given up yet and plan to return and sample a few other dishes. I have been craving breadfruit, roast or friend so I hope I wont be disappointed.
4	Holy f-ing hotness. I literally watched my date's eyes tear up and stream down his face repeatedly, in unison with mine. See, after we took a trip to Jamaica last year, we foolishly assumed that no transplant restaurant in the middle of Downtown Phoenix could compare to the legitimate heat the actual island's dishes offered. Boy have I never been so wrong.While The Breadfruit's offerings are quite tasty, I cannot stress enough that this place is not for the faint of heart. After 10 years of living in Phoenix, I add jalapenos and hot sauce to just about every single dish I eat, and the spiciness The Breadfruit threw my way totally kicked my ass. I think we may have gone through 6 pitchers of water over our 90 minute meal. At the end of the night, my date's head was so overheated, he actually felt his ears popping repeatedly. (**Note: Whether that was actually happening or my date was just a pussy, we will never know.)Anyhow, on to the food. I've been hear several times now and am hooked on the Jerk Chicken Plate and the Jerk Chicken Salad. I've also had the scallop entree which while tasty and this pains me to say, was just too freakin hot for me. The Jerk Chicken is spicy as shit as well, but the mango infused dressing and pineapple bites do a wonderful job of cooling your mouth. I think I only needed 3 pitchers of water my last trip : )They recently opened up a bar next door called The Rumbar. This is what really excited me about this place. Over 50 brands of authentic Jamaican rum to choose from, with all hand muddled ingredients to throw in. Their mojito is sugary and delicious. I've also been blessed with excellent service each time I went, however I do have an issue with a particular Duke of The Breadfruit who is a freakin server there. Stop checking in to your work! It's cheating!!!Next time you need your sinuses cleared out, look no further than The Breadfruit. I'll be the chick with 6 empty water pitchers surrounding her plate.
4	So I've been back a few times since the first time I went, and felt it was only right to update my review since the last one wasn't terrible, but it did outline some issues in service that lowered my rating. Since then, it realllly seems like they've made large strides in the service area. A group of us went on First Friday last week with the Mardi Gras festivities the same night. They were slammed, and totally able to balance it all. Dramatic improvement guys, it's one of my new favorite spots to check out in downtown!
5	I do love rum and should review the Rum Bar separately but both the Rum Bar and the Breadfruit restaurant are equally awesome! Great recommendations from the waiter... Brown Stew Chicken and Jerk Chicken are really good... really spicy on the jerk chicken but thats somewhat expected and perfect for me! I'll take my plantains baked over fried any day! SO GOOD! Really great place to go for not so typical food! The entire place is quite small in a perfect intimate way.  Their seems to be a lot of pride in the menu, environment and service, which is rare to see in restaurant employees. Not to mention a perfect location ... very walkable to other nearby bars and easy to make a whole night of downtown phoenix!
4	Tried for lunch on a Tuesday with six. We got great service from Jason and thought the food was great too. Jerk chicken and the tofu were spicy and flavorful.  We would visit again
5	I rarely go for Jamaican, as there are usually no vegan options except peas & rice.  I was lucky enough to find this place (via Yelp!)  when I was traveling for biz in PHX.  had an awesome lunch.  the menu clearly marks vegan options.  the tropical salad had a lovely tart dressing & the fresh pineapple was a nice touch. the sorrel drink was gingery hibiscus goodness!  but my entree took the cake:  an AMAZING coconut curried tofu.  it actually was seitan-- not tofu-- whatevs.simple, modern ambiance. super friendly & attentive waitstaff.will definitely go back if I make it to Phoenix again!
5	I tried this place out for the first time with a party of seven this last First Friday. The food was to die for. If you don't like spicy food you should tell them; but, I got the jerk chicken and it was perfectly cooked and amazingly seasoned. My friend got the scallops and they were probably the best I've had in Phoenix. We had to wait a while for our table (not surprised since we had a large group and it was Friday night) but they had a a live band playing in the back, a great seating area to wait in and a great drink list (even though I don't really like rum). I will definitely be coming back.
3	Had lunch here.  Had the mango tea w/ mint, fried plantain appetizer, scallop appetizer and shrimp appetizer.  It was all very tasty.  The mango tea was excellent though.  The plantains were cooked perfectly with a little crisp on the edges and a little soft from grease in the middle.  The scallops (2) were huge and tasted like there were fresh, not frozen.  I didn't care for the shrimp and the peas.  They were ok, just didn't do it for me.  There were some banana bread sticks that were included also.  A little rubbery but the flavor was dead on.  I'd go back for dinner.
5	Went early during First Friday last week and scored a spot at the bar. Thank god for that, because this place was tiny, and I wouldn't recommend it for groups.Having said that, we ordered whatever the bartender suggested (4 different drinks in all), and found them all to be outstanding. We would've liked to try some of their rums, but there was no help offered figuring out how to sample those--it's a bit overwhelming!The nice thing is that you can order food from the adjoining restaurant. However, the jerk spice on the perfectly cooked scallops was so spicy that I could not eat it.
2	Well, after a year and a few months of living a stones throw from Breadfruit, I finally made it in there.  To be honest with you I was not very impressed and left with a bad taste in my mouth.  I love supporting the local restaurants in my downtown, but I don't think I will be returning.The girlfriend and I decided to come for dinner and we were both really excited to try the food.  We were seated promptly and greeted by our server, Craig, I think.  He was great with describing the food and how spicy and offered his recommendations.  We had the pumpkin soup to start with some of the Festival bread.  The soup was tasty, but was luke warm.  We both expected hot, maybe even a gazpacho-like soup, but luke warm?  It had a nice kick that snuck up on you, but the temperature really changed it.  The bread was really tasty though and we moved on to the entrees.  She had the chicken and dumpling dish.  The sauce had a curry taste to it and was very good.  The dumplings, while thick and hearty were good as well.  I opted for the Jerk Prawns.  Now, when I see Prawns on the menu I am expecting 3, maybe 4, *very* large shrimp, especially for $14.50.  When I got my plate I was underwhelmed to say the least.  I saw 5 medium shrimp on a skewer.  I will say they did taste good, but for the price I felt a little bent over.  The dish was accompanied by a cabbage slaw and a slice of grilled pineapple.  Overall, tasty but over priced.What really got me was the bill, granted we each had a drink, and I knew how much mine was, it was $60 before gratuity.  Looking at the receipt I saw the Festival bread, which sounded like it came with the soup, was $3.50!  Two sticks of bread!  Needless to say I was just overcome with a sense of disappointment after hearing such great things.
5	We have been wanting to get here but tonight we made it! First of all, the atmosphere while a bit loud, is made up for by the friendly and helpful the server, Craig . SO was in HEAVEN with the rum and scotch bonnet martini. Well there was some other stuff in it, but she always wants something spicy in her drink lately and she got it. My Mojito was great too. Jerk chicken was so moist and, while spicy, was not overly salty. Sweet potato pudd'n with ice cream was heavenly. Overall, I will definitely be back for more.
5	This was a great place.  Three of us tried 3 of the appetizers-especially loved the fish pastry.  Had the jerk chicken, the scallops and the escovitch fish.  Enjoyed several of the rums-neat and on the rocks.  Still love the Zaya the best.  Cute, quaint, relaxing on a Tuesday night.  Met and talked with the chef.  Delightful place!  Will definitely return for more.
1	it was girls night out - dinner before going to see chelsea handler perform at comerica theatre.first thought as we entered was the place was quaint, clean, good music, and empty - we were the second table to be sat for dinner at 5:15.    we ordered drinks - all rum, by the way - a couple of the gals were shocked that a rum bar didn't serve vodka, so we were off to a great start....My Mojito Ponganot was amazing and that is the only good thing I have left to say about this place.we ordered appetizers: the oven roasted plantains - just meh and we also ordered the fresh baked patty - one tilapia and one spinach. I thought the crust was a bit on the dry side - two of us 4 thought they were good - good enough to order another one - which ended up never being served to us.the major disappointment was the one entree that we made this trip for was "sold out"  - hmmm   we were the second table to be seated - the other table hadn't ordered yet and what is it you ask that they "sold out" of - why the popcho & sweet ginger - basically baby bok choy - wow now that is an ingredient you can't find oh, i don't know EVERYWHERE.....???   we ended up eating salads - which were good, fresh, but frankly could have made just as easily at home.   the bread that was offered and not on menu and therefore assumed to come with the meal was breadsticks with a hint of vanilla - good, but 2 sticks for almost $5 - no thanks. the kicker was when we asked them to call us a cab...we sat for 10 minutes and nothing - we asked again and finally this time saw them pick up a phone.   we were then told we could sit outside to free up the table - this was after paying our $200 tab.  I have never had this occur at a restaurant.  yes, i know it was a friday night, but we were finishing our drinks, we had paid and tipped WELL and think that they could afford to have us sit there for 10 minutes waiting on a cab they forgot to call.I "might" have returned even based on the lackluster food - just for the drink, but I can certainly say after the rudeness we would never return
4	My wife and I went there several months ago before they opened the rum bar next door and brought our own wine.  Not sure if they offer BYOB anymore but the food was delicious and had a nice kick.  This is not a watered down version of jerk offerings.  If you like heat and a great relaxed atmosphere you will like breadfruit.  The jerk shrimp was quite good!  The lack of depth to the menu is the only down side.  Matt C
2	The best part of my experience here was the capriana. It was sweet and delicious. The server was pretty good and very friendly. I ordered the Jerk Prawns (which cost $14.50) and I received 5 medium sized prawns on a skewer. Not only was I disappointed in the lack of prawns, they were terribly overdone. Very dry. The flavoring was pretty ok, but couldn't make up for the dryness.  It also came with coleslaw, grilled pineapple and corn and festival bread which wasn't bad. I sampled my friends tropical salad ($7.50) which had yummy dressing and seemed more filling than my pricier meal.I was pretty hungry and I left the restaurant feeling like I needed to have a snack. I don't mind small portions if the food is really good, but this place just didn't have it. I might consider coming back here for yummy drinks, but it's doubtful that would be enough motivation to bring me back in.
4	What do you say when you discover a wonderful restaurant? Tell others! Accidentally ran across this gem last night on edge of downtown Phoenix and had fantastic dinner and drinks. Menu emphasizes fresh seafood but I was lucky to be there one of the 2-3 evenings each month when they have their special succulent braised oxtail marinated overnight in Jamaican flavors and cooked slowly for most of the day then served with rice and perfect mix of grilled fresh summer pattypan squash with sauteed eggplant and olives. An outstanding dessert of chocolate cake with center of molten chocolate-rum and side of real whipped cream. Amazing bar with over 100 rums served up lively pomegranate lime mint mojito. Hot ginger mint tea was served as chunks of fresh ginger and mint leaves under hot water in a French press. Tea as it was meant to be. Professional friendly staff, moderate prices, and local artists' works on the walls make this a great evening and great deal.
5	My favorite place downtown to relax and grab a drink at the bar/lounge or enjoy a cigar on the patio. I recommend trying a few of their 150 varieties of rum or a cocktail such as the Mojito Jamaica or Jamaican Mule. The drinks can be pricey, however, at this place, you finally get what you pay for.Try the For de Cana 18yr for a rum with the finish and nose you'd expect from a cognac.
5	As many times as ive been to the Breadfruit im surprise I haven't written a review for it yet. This is my favorite restaurant to go to. You can find me and my girlfriend there at least once a month as we both enjoy the place very much. I enjoy the look of the place alot. Its not big and fancy. Hell, you could easily pass right by it and not even notice its there. But that all adds to the charm of The Breadfruit and makes it seem like its a secret place that only you and whoever you are dining with knows about. Its also a romantic place for a date. The paintings on the wall are for sale. It can get a bit loud when it gets filled only because the place is small. But that's a minor gripe. When my girlfriend and I go she gets the brown stew chicken. I get either the curry chicken and dumplings or the jerk chicken, and I don't even like spicy food that much. But the jerk chicken is so good I love it. quote me on what im about to say. THE BREADFRUIT HAS SOME OF THE BEST AND STRONGEST DRINKS! I love their drinks there because they are never watered down. The first sip of your drink may seem pretty overwhelming. But don't worry, its just the alcohol telling your tastebuds to wake the hell up! The drinks are smooth and very tasty and you just taste a hint of alcohol in the drink even though they put alot in them. Which ive always thought was good when the alcohol doesn't overpower the taste of the drink. The Dark & Stormy regular or the Dark & Stormy 151 are my drink of choice, highly recommend either one of those. One more thing. Whatever you order make sure you get a side of festival bread. I don't care if your meal already comes with it, order a side anyway. Its very delicious bread. A dinner for a couple averages between $40-$60 if u just get dinner and a couple drinks. But if you just get dinner and no drinks, then its between $20-$30.
4	I recently went to my first First Friday (and my first trip to downtown Phoenix). After a few hours at the Phoenix Art Museum, friends and I hopped on the light rail and tried a new restaurant. Enter The Breadfruit.Easy to find (sign on the street corner) on a charming and quiet little street sits The Breadfruit with a hostess standing out front greeting guests. You can see the very intimate seating area from the street and it was packed (a good thing for 8:30pm on a Friday night). We sat and waited outside at the cute little tables (way too hot to eat a full meal outside). We were offered menus to peruse while we waited about 10 minutes for a table.Inside, we ordered two mixed drinks (a mojito vanilla for me). They were strong and very good. The mojito was very minty and refreshing and my mojito-loving friend said he should have ordered a mojito. (Read: Get a mojito.)The Food: We split a tilapia patty (very spicy!) for an appetizer. (Patties are Jamaican empanadas.) I had the coconut curried tofu with rice and peas, ripe plantains, and veggies. This is the one of the best tofu dishes I have ever had. My only complaint is that Breadfruit needs to have more plantains per plate. They are so good!One friend had the curried chicken and dumpling with a green banana, veggies, plantains, and a side order of rice and peas. Although he didn't like the whole wheat dumpling, he loved the curry sauce and the green banana. He called the sauce "delectable." Overall, this is a great place. Small, but great. The drinks are strong, the food is great, and the serve is prompt. Our only regrets are 1) not enough plantains and 2) we should have gotten dessert.
4	First Friday for July (7/1/2011): This place is PACKED! Think of a sardine can. Packed. Little room to walk around from bar to seat and no room to breathe. (As soon as Breadfruit has the money, they need to expand the space! Good drinks are a total loss in such a tiny space.) Oh, and you cannot take your drink outside and sit at the cafe table-- I do not think their liquor license allows that. (Minus one star for the cramped space.)The drinks are fantastic! They are strong, flavorful, bold drinks. Your heart may skip a beat at the prices (the rum drinks are all $8-9, the beer is $4-5.50, and the wine is $8-12/glass), but the drink is worth the money. My one (1) mojito vanilla made me intoxicated. Yes, I am a light weight, but I usually need 2-3 drinks to do the trick. (Seriously, five star drinks) The mojitos are fan-tas-tic. Wonderful. Delicious. The Matuselum Platino rum used in the mojitos is smooth and tasty. The muddled mint is powerful, but it does not overpower the drink. It is a perfect balance. My review should honestly be two lines: 1)Good, strong, delicious, pricey drinks that you should enjoy; and 2) tiny, cramped space not good for large parties or too many patrons.
2	01/27/11Yes, the mango fish rolls http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-breadfruit-phoenix-2?select=kKlpgD3Aa5BpVWDOnaufyg#kKlpgD3Aa5BpVWDOnaufyg were definitely crispy and tasted delicious, and yes, the oven-roasted plantains http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-breadfruit-phoenix-2?select=Q-JPbNWKKO0gMe66G9W2TA#Q-JPbNWKKO0gMe66G9W2TA were firm on the outside and just-like-buttah on the inside, but were they worth $10.50 and $5, plus tax, respectively?  I don't think so.  I took photos of the food w/ a pen next to the plates to show you how small these portions were.  Really, $12 for a small mango fish roll, sliced three-ways?  And I'm supposed to feel good about ordering an entree and dessert after?The Sweet potato pudd'n http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-breadfruit-phoenix-2?select=GhUFceoWCGwSCHxRw8ZMVA#GhUFceoWCGwSCHxRw8ZMVA was just absolutely fabulous, but you won't catch me driving all the way to The Breadfruit to spend my hard-earned money here.  At least I know they've reinvested some of the profits into remodeling the place... it looked fifty times better than when it did on its first year of opening.  If you wish to dine and converse w/ your companions, it's best not to come here on the weekends, when next door Rum Bar is hopping.  Then again, maybe it was just hopping on this night, bec. of the rum-tasting event held there...  I haven't been back since, so I don't know how busy these two businesses are.
5	Classic Mojito, Plantain and Avocado Spring Rolls, Fred's Jerk Chicken Sandwich, French Press Coffee shared with Sweet Potato Pie a la Mode, plus exemplary service with a smile by Holly. Cozy den, perfect for a date or just catching up with a friend. My partner in crime and I shot the crap for 3 hours and never once were we given any indication that it was anything less than completely cool.That's how you do it, Breadfruit. Good on you.Side Note: I don't even particularly like rum.
5	I can't really review the Rum Bar without reviewing Breadfruit.  They are really one in the same, and Breadfruit's food stole the day. But, to be honest, we have never physically be IN to Breadfruit.  We only go to the Rum Bar and we LOVE this place.  I have been there 3 times. Once when I was a sardine and packed into the place without room to even breathe, once with my parents in the comfy window seating are and once with my husband on a romantic date for 2.  I loved it every time...and by the third time, I was told by my husband "YOU HAVE TO YELP THIS PLACE NOW!" and he then exclaimed "I think this is my favorite food in the entire city."  My husband is not one to stake claim on anything less than spectacular (he is married to ME!)  so here I am giving them the highest rating and review I can muster...The drinks are extremely tasty, unique, clever and strong. I love the rums and the free tastings we have had of the various types of rum.  This place has really opened my mind and expanded my knowledge. I like that the bartenders and staff always ask our names and take an interest in what we are eating, drinking, talking about and liking about life.  They are so kind!But...and yes, there's a but...the Rum Bar experience won't be bringing us back.  It's the FOOD that is the big draw. What a great culinary experience. Every bite is a wonderful adventure. The spices, the mixture of fruits with the savory dishes, the fish...oh the fish!We plan on going back again...and again!  The location is a little tricky to find, but if you found SENS/Turf, it's in the same block (nearly the same building), but just around the corner. Don't despair, just walk south and take a left (east) and you'll see Breadfruit on the left.
4	I love this place. Their chutney dish is absolutely amazing. Though I have gotten a pie there once before which was terrible most of their food is great. It's very small but does offer outside seating which is great during the month or two when it's nice outside.
4	Excellent food. Portions were right-sized - not too big. I had the fish, which was well-spiced with habenero.  I agree with the other reviews that service is really slow, though I'm not sure why.
4	I am defnitley a fan and I've eaten there twice in the last few years. Most recently this past weekend No complaints at all about the taste of the food. Price bang for the buck ratio not so muchWe had the fish rolls $10-12(today's catch spinach with a sauce I would have thought was jerk waitress said it wasn't and pickled mango. We also ordered plantains $5and the jerk chicken dish.12-14. Everything was fresh and tasy. Portions are  much smaller than I would have expected. The plantains I think were five pieces totally. minimal seasoning and was expecting it to be more crispy. Fish roll dipping sauce/ paste was so good. I asked for some more to have with my chicken. Waitress said no!!!. I was a little pissed. They say they make everything fresh and in small batches and she brought be out some mixture of onions peppercorns and habanero in vinegar!. wtf? Grilled Jerk chicken was great small breast piece fresh seasoning similar to paste but more spicy grilled pineapple jicama and a corn n the cob. Dessert with the local ice cream and sweet potatoe cake thing was also tasty. I just glanced at Aileen B's review she ordered same stuff and said the same thing Maybe owners will read these consider some changes. Chicken breast can be had for 2-3 bucks a pound so a larger piece wouldnt kill them and the bananna cookin it a little more would make sense. Maybe add some kind of rub or spice. Desert was great as well We ordered mojito and I think the hurricane also tasy felt like Scottsdale prices but under 10 dollars for decent drinks. I wasnt impressed with the mojito like azcentral was that rated it best in phx. Next time maybe spend more time in rum bar next door and eat elsewhere to fill me up.
4	3.5 Stars for Rum Bar, 4.0 for BreadFruit.  Bar was out of ginger beer, which eliminated the best cocktails on the menu.  Those that I tried instead were just ok.  But interesting cocktail menu with decent happy hour options (at $5).  I agree with the prior reviews on Breadfruit -- quality food, authentic menu, good service, but higher prices than what you'd expect.  Good tunes on the playlist and a good first date place.
4	I have no idea why it took me so long to get to this place!! Such a chill vibe with funky music to talk with a friend or significant other to for hours.After eating at Sens around the corner (which is FAB BTW) my boyfriend took me to Rum Bar, as he'd been raving about their drinks for quite some time. The bar is separated from the restaurant by a small wall but both are quaint and cozy.The drink list hosted many unique offerings. We ordered a vanilla mojito and then our favorite, a Dark & Stormy (ginger beer with Gosling's rum). Oh my God....the best mojito I have ever had. A little on the sweet side but such a unique flavor with quality vanilla extract in it. I can't wait to come back and try the food!
2	Food was great. Service was horrible to the point i completely forgot how good the food was. We arrived at happy hour time, they would not want to accomadate the happy hour price. Then they refused to give any pepper or some chilli to my friend whose food was not spicy enough. Then, when my guests arrived later, they would refuse to put a chair at our table, though are table was big enough to seat two more people there easily. And after all these annoying push backs, they would not split checks and 8 out of us had to do our own math. And the last strike was when the server came and told a friend that she had to sign a $25 tab. Seriously people, you have a restuarant in AZ, don't you know any amount under $50 does not have to be signed in state of AZ.. Bottom line, if this restaurant does not start to accomadate their guests, they will loose customers. I know I will not go back there again, and will not recommend them to any one I know.
4	I generally dislike seafood, but I fell in love with Caribbean food during my honeymoon in the Bahamas. The flavors were so wonderful and the quality and freshness of the ingredients so much different than I had grown up with, that it truly changed my perspective. I still may not clamor for seafood (and still greatly prefer milder fish to the more robust and fishier options), but I appreciate fresh seafood when I can get it.Imagine my surprise, then, when I discovered not only fantastic fresh seafood in the middle of downtown, but also a restaurant that brought the flavors of my honeymoon rushing back. Breadfruit pleased from the get-go when my wife and I ate there recently. One of the seafoods I like least is scallops, a fact I am coming to accept is because they are typically frozen and overcooked to a displeasing rubbery texture. I have only ever eaten scallops at one restaurant (Moto) that were good. Still, my wife loves scallops and I love jerk flavors, so we ordered the Appleton Rum Sea Scallops, which are covered in a jerk rub. Suffice to say, I now have eaten two scallop dishes I love. The jerk seasoning was wonderfully spicy and the scallops were perfectly seared and cooked until they were just translucent in the center. They were soft enough to cut with a fork and practically melted in your mouth.For dinner, I had the Escovitch Fish, which was Atlantic red snapper on the day we dined. Red snapper is a fish I discovered in the Bahamas, and this dish reminded me how good it can be. The filet was cooked perfectly and the escovitch sauce - essentially a spicy vinegar mixture - was quite good, as were the pickled vegetables that accompanied it. After much deliberation, my wife chose the Brown Stew Chicken which, while complexly flavored, was quite dry and overcooked, which was a shame. Her dish was the one blemish on our meal, but the rest of the food was so good (and the untried items on the menu so appetizing) that we will definitely return.Also, a note: The portions are small, but this is an upscale Caribbean restaurant, where the focus is much more on quality over quantity.
4	The color scheme and music representative of Jamaica is amazing. Don't look for goat and only twice a month do you find oxtail stew, but... Trust me na... Dissayah sinting a fee real!For those of you for whom patois is not your first language, please note the following... you will feel like you are very much in an authentic Jamaican environment minus the accent.  This place is cute and trendy.  I have one complaint really and that has to do with the value of the meal.  I ordered jerk chicken and literally ate a piece of chicken breast and paid about $40 when I add the sweet potato pudding and sorrell...no alcohol. Yes. That means I was sober when I paid for that bit of protein.  So, if you really want some good Jamaican knosh...make friends with some real Jamaicans, mon!I also have to say that if you turn up early...even five minutes early...they will make you sweat it out in the hot Arizona sun. I am not sure why they dont let you wait inside, but... again...now you know.Be careful to find a place that is safe to park at.  I parked behind the establishment after making sure that the space was kosher because there is a movement in the area to ticket as many people as it takes to buy a meal at Breadfruit!
5	I really enjoyed breadfruit.  I had a mixed drink called mule something with ginger beer in it and it was great.  The dining area is small only 8-10 tables and is relaxing without a crowded feel.  I felt like I was in a Jamaican house and the food was being prepared by the mom down the street.
4	GREAT food, great service, nice crowd. Highly recommend!
3	I have been to the Breadfruit a couple times...I've always enjoyed it. I was sadly a little turned off this last time because of our server. We ate on the rum bar side & he was the bartender...and I have just never dealt with a more pushy waiter. He basically forced my friend to order their drink special, and then would not stop talking about the scallops...I seriously thought he was just going to order them for us. It really took me aback. Don't push so hard dude...We split the Plantain and Avocado Spring Rolls - AWESOME. We both decided on the Jerk Shrimp salad, which was also really great. I've had their chicken, fish and those damn scallops...and they were all good. All drinks are based with rum, so if you like rum...uh, duh.I think my favorite thing there is their French press coffee served with a little coconut milk...you barely need it! Their fresh carrot juice is delicious too, believe me. I guess overall, a nice place to grab drinks or dinner if you're in downtown Phoenix...just, please Breadfruit, LAY OFF. If I don't want something, I don't want it. Don't try to talk to me about it for 15 more minutes to convince me. I think keeping your customers is more important than one up-sell.
1	I went to Breadfruit a few months ago and waited until now to post it, to keep myself from saying anything too mean. I went with my boyfriend and had the worst service. The server kept just wandering back and forth between the kitchen and dining room without doing anything. We had to try several times every time we wanted to get his attention. Also a note on the menu. -  I am extremely pick (I know this so I try to keep it in perspective). I have been a vegetarian since I was 10 and do not like meat at all. I ordered the tofu, but when it came out it looked more like chicken, and the texture was like chicken. I asked my boyfriend to try a piece and he thought it was chicken as well. After several attempts we got the server's attention and asked him if he was sure they made tofu and not chicken by mistake. This is where our serves becomes unbelievable. The guy actually yells at me that "it is not chicken, it is tempeh not chicken!" (tempeh is a soy product, but is not tofu. It should not be listed as tofu on the menu) If it had been listed correctly on the menu I would not have ordered it because I already know I do not like it.I did not know how to react. I ended up just eating the rice, and the server ignored us the rest of the meal. He came back to pick up the plates noticing I did not eat it and didn't say a word or offer to take it off the bill. It then took us another 10 minutes at least to get him to pick up the bill. I will never go back here!
4	Went to dinner here with some girlfriends during a weekend reunion in Phoenix. We started off with some delicious rum drinks at the bar while waiting the 20 minutes for a table. I had a great Dark & Stormy.The coconut curried tofu with rice, ripe plantains, and veggies was fabulous, but there were only a few plantains per plate.If you wish to converse, it's best not to go on the weekends, when the Rum Bar is busy.Overall, this is an intimate, great bar and restaurant. The drinks are strong, the decor is wonderful, the food is great, and the serve is prompt.
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars for two reasons.1. I am reviewing the Rum Bar, and not the restaurant (else the rating would go down).2. I am writing this review after my last experience with a less-than-stellar bartender.So let's start with the bad.  First, I think Rum Bar's popularity is outgrowing their space.  Which isn't a bad thing.  We just didn't have enough room to chill the other night.  No big deal.More importantly, I've seen three bartenders at Rum Bar.  I believe Beth and Dwayne were the first to bartenders I've dealt with, and to say they are amazing and know their stuff is an understatement.  They know their rum (all 108 or so varieties).  They know their cigars, and damn it they know how to make a good drink.  Unfortunately, their work is overshadowed by the new guy whose name I never learned.  His drinks weren't bad, but his abruptness, cockiness, and attitude sucked all the magic out of the place.  OK, enough of the bad... now to the good.  The atmosphere, although small, is great.  A nice dimly lit cozy bar area is a good place to cool off or warm up, depending on the season.  But if its summer, or otherwise nice out, hit up some of the many Adirondack chairs and benches outside.  If it's a little warm the misters will overtake the patio in a good way.But seriously, the RUM is responsible for half the namesake of this downtown gem.  Get some.  Any of their specialty cocktails listed on the menu are expertly created.  Never too sweet, never too strong... you will taste the alcohol and the complete essence of the drink.  Not sure what you want?  Snag one of those two awesome bartenders (who double as servers within the bar and patio) and tell them what's on your mind.  Branch out, try something new!See you at the Rum Bar.
3	I'm sad not to offer this place a 5-star review, because I sure wanted to.  Going for drinks?  Hit up the Rum Bar (same place) and you won't be disappointed.  Not that you'd be disappointed by the food, you just won't feel the same wow factor you get from the drinks.Everything they make is good, you simply can't deny that.Value?  Not so much.  Sure, most plates are in the $10-$15 range, but they are small if just enough.  The wait staff is friendly, but almost in the used car salesman way.  Upsell?  Yep, at every course.  I usually walk out between $25-$35 before drinks.  Never disappointed, but I wouldn't go there for food unless someone specifically wanted to.
5	Rum bar is fantastic! Food is good too. Service has always been excellent.
4	I think Breadfruit is a wonderful little Jamaican Restaraunt.  The dishes are unique and wondefully flavorful.  The place is small, but that just adds to the air of intimacy.  The kitchen is close and within view.  The Wait staff is extremely knowledgable, friendly and ready with a great and candid assesment of what's "great" on the menu that day and what's not.  The cocunut/carrot juice drinks are absolutely amazing.  I think this spot is best as an off-downtown lunch spot as it can get pretty crowed (and hence uncomfortable) during week-end evenings.  I definitely give it an enthusiastic recommendation and am certain you will love the food!
4	The rum drinks are creative and delicious.  Even my prego friend, who got a fruit juice concoction, was impressed with the tastiness of her beverage.Thumbs up!
5	Their rum bar has now been open a while and flights are available.  I was never a rum aficionado - too many rum n cokes when I was too young to care about such things - and have now discovered a whole new world.The food has become nothing short of spectacular.  The ambiance - from the inside I can pretend I'm in the West Village circa 1975 by Greenwich and Horatio.  Doesn't get any better than that.
4	I'll keep this short and sweet:Yes, I believe they only carry Rum and limited beer (Red Stripe, anyone?).  If I'm mistaken, someone correct me - but that's all I seemed to see.Yes, you should still go here no matter what your alcoholic preference is.And dear God yes, you should drink a Dark and Stormy.  And then one more.
1	Wow. I really hated this place. Our server was also the bartender. (I ate there last night 1-30-12.) She was either terribly slow or terribly overworked. Either way-- not my problem. She came to the table and gave us a canned speech about "what she really likes on the menu." Of course, wow, everything she liked numbered amongst "most expensive" on the menu. Big surprise. (If you read other reviews on Yelp, you can read about the pushy service. Just awful.)She talked at us, and not to us. When we were done ordering, she-- in constant sales mode-- pushed the Rice & Peas, which is Jamaican rice and beans. I love rice & peas, so even though I didn't like our pushy server, I ordered anyway. When the food arrived, my companion and I each took a bite of the rice and-- if I would have had a napkin-- I would have spit it out. The flavor could only be described as "odd"-- and it was served room temperature. We both agreed- independently of one another-- that the rice was inedible. Gosh, the way our server upsold us, you would think it would be at least edible. I ordered the soup of the day. I was told it was red snapper with vegetable. It was a fish broth with vegetables. There was no red snapper. So why was "red snapper" included in the title of the soup? I have no idea. So they basically boiled some fish heads, put some veggies in, and made $7.25 profit on a $7.50 soup. I was pissed. Of course, I would have liked to tell our useless server / bartender about this, but she never stopped by to ask us how our meal was-- NOT ONCE. When the food was dropped, we ordered another round of drinks and did not get them until our meal was almost finished. The manager came and cleared our plates, so I told him. He just smiled and basically told me it was my fault for not enjoying the overpriced rice and soup. Plaintains were oven-roasted and tasty. Very stingy portion though.  I would say about half a plaintain per order. These people have their food cost in control baby! Don't serve any food! That's the key.The only thing that was good was my companion's jerk chicken. It was excellent, actually. As far as drinks go, the overpriced Mojito Vanilla was also good. So here's the deal: If you are a hipster foodie who likes the idea of eating overpriced Jamaican food-- even though you and your knit cap has never even been to Jamaica-- with stingy portions, and poor service...this is your place. They missed on every level. Horrible.
4	BEST SCALLOPS EVERRRRRR! I'm telling you, they will change your life. All the food I've had here has been awesome. They had an insane amount of rum choices, and the bartenders are very knowledgeable and will give you pointers if you tell them what you like. They make great mixed rum drinks, but even sipping on some of the nicer rums they have is a fun experience. It seems like they've had a lot of bartender turnover, but I've also seen a lot of them get trained, and they do a great job of teaching them about the rums, food, service, etc. If I was rating it just on food or drinks, I'd give them 5 stars a million times over. The service can sometimes be sketchy when they're busy though, which is frustrating considering it's certainly not an inexpensive place to eat and drink.
5	Wow, wow, wow.  My hubby and I have been wanting to come to Breadfruit for a while.  My hubby has been to Jamaica and all over the Caribbean kiteboarding so he loves the cuisine.  We decided to have early dinner since the sitter came earlier this Saturday.  We didn't have a reservation, but that was no problem since we usually like to sit at the bar and talk to the bartenders.  Tony and Beth were so nice and efficient.  Tony just moved from Portland in  November, so we had a nice conversation with him about the area (we spend summers in OR). I had a mojito, wow, the best mojito I have had in the Valley, probably ever.  My hubby had the Caipirinha.  It was so good.  We thought we would have one appetizer and leave.  So we ordered the Scallops, then the Plantain and Avocado Spring Rolls.  They were so delicious.  The scallops were spicy, it was like fireworks in my mouth, in a good way.  I loved the sweetness of the chutney for my spring rolls.  My hubby wanted the soup of the day, the pumpkin and sweet potato soup.  I ended up eating most of it.  Since I was DD, the hubby had another drink, this time the Kingston Rum Punch, wow, that was strong but tasty.  Tony recommended the Rum Glazed Prawns and Roti Flatbread, double wow.  My hubby had a Pina Colada to wash that down. That was the best PC I've had.  Not the blended coco lopez type.   For dessert we had their bread pudding.  This was the only thing I was not that crazy about, don't get me wrong, I still ate it.  I am just used to the New Orleans type of Bread pudding, more gooey.  The experience at  Rum Bar was so great we can't wait to come back and bring friends.
5	I have never been more impressed with the attention to detail Dwayne and his wife put into the entire menu. From the time you watch Sarah mix your first drink you will realize this place is carefully thought out and time and effort is spent creating a Jamacian experience that is authentic and delicious! Eat and drink your way through the menu and you will be amazed.
4	Did you that there are different types of rum?  I sure didn't, but at the rum bar they have over 100 different types of rum & have a variety of drinks to order, I'm sure you can go through the entire thing and never order the same drink twice, crazyI have been on a coconut kick for a while now, just love the flavor and the texture, so I went with a Pina Colada, it had matusalem platino rum, pineapple, kalani coconut liqueur and coconut, let me tell you, this was very yummy!! If it wasn't a work night I would have ordered another one or two!If Pina Coladas aren't for you, they have many other drinks to offer you! It's a sweet little bar! Look forward going back!
3	I finally had the opportunity to check out this place along with some fellow yelpers this past Thursday. ( International Supper Club = Fun) The place is small and very quaint. Think of cute but kinda expensive date night.  Let me start off by saying that although the food was good, the price didn't quite match the portions.I started off with the the pina colada as my drink of the night, which was shaken and not blended. VERY GOOD! I will say that the drinks are worth the price. It was $9 but it was good and strong so one was plenty. The mussels that were ordered for the table were quite good. It did have the smokey flavor and the broth that was left was good for dipping the bread in. Good eats.I next ordered the oven roasted plantains for my appetizer, which were very good, however I received 6 slices and it cost  $5.00 or roughly $1.20 per slice. Plantains themselves before cooking  are a decent size however  the slices I received were just a normal small slice you would get at any restaurant that has them as an appetizer. I have had plantains at other places and received much more and the cost was much less.For my main course, I ordered Scallops. You receive 4 average size scallops and a side of rice and peas. The scallops were good but I am not sure that they were $22 good. Maybe $16.50. They were nice and spicy and they did melt in your mouth but other than that, there was nothing extra special about them. Some people ordered dessert and I knew that it was going to be bad. Not the dessert but the cost of the dessert and the portion they received didn't match one bit. $9.50 for the smallest piece of upside pineapple cake I have ever seen. $4.50 maybe but the fact that it cost more than our drinks, yowza. Although everyone seemed pretty pleased with their meals, they were a little surprised by how much everything cost in comparison to the portions. I am not asking for some huge over the top portion but still, this place is not frou-frou enough to charge what they charge.
4	This is the stylish lounge adjacent to the cozy Jamaican restaurant known as The Breadfruit.  I loved the vibe of this place as soon as I walked in the door.  Their list of rums is quite impressive so if you are a connoisseur then you simply must go here.  They have a menu of fun signature cocktails that were mostly tropical themed... it sort of reminded me of Hula's Modern Tiki Bar in that respect but in this case the rums really are the main focus and any fruit juice or other mixers are meant to enhance and highlight the flavor of the rum itself.  The first one I tried was the Spicy Rumtini which was really delicious, though I expected more heat.  My husband wanted a Jack and diet coke but was told that they had neither (no whiskey since rums are their thing and they also don't offer soda with artificial sweeteners).  However the bartender recommended he try the Tennessee Rum Cider.  This drink tasted surprisingly like whiskey but actually is made with a rum called Prichard's Fine (which is made in Tennessee) mixed with an organic apple cider.  The second drink that I tried was a Dark and Stormy.  I had this drink at Citizen Public House and didn't really care for it but I really enjoyed this one.  Now don't get me wrong, I am well aware that CPH mixes up the best cocktails on the planet.  But I just happened to like this particular drink here at the Rum Bar better.  One of my companions said it was because of the type of rum they use (Goslings).The cocktails were all $8 or $9 and their wines were $10 a glass (but they had Dos Cabezas, yay!) so because of that this would never be someplace I would come drink on a regular basis.  Though I certainly don't mind splurging on a premium cocktail every once in a while.  I saw they also had a cigar patio so I think this would be the perfect place for a classy bachelor party or b-day.
2	After dining here last Thursday, I would classify this as a "special occasion" place due to the prices and ambiance; this was a surprise since I did not get that impression when reading the reviews.  Or maybe it was because the couple of other Jamaican places I have been to have been dives?  I loved the classy intimacy of this restaurant.  It gave me the feeling that I was having dinner at someone's house who was both a great cook and also had great taste in decor.The impression I have of Jamaican food is that it has really strong flavors but I found the food here to be a little bland.  I got the jerk shrimp which didn't look very blackened or like it even had a rub on it.  However, when I tasted it I was surprised and pleased that there was actually a good spicy kick to it.  This was by far the best part of my meal.  The sides it came with tasted good but were nothing special.  I did really love their cocktails but I wrote another review of the bar since that is a separate business listing.  I like the fact that there was so much seafood on the menu (try the mussels, they are yummy) but I think someone who is more of a meat eater might be disappointed.  I was also surprised there was no goat on the menu - don't Jamaican places usually have goat?Overall, I think this is a great place for a date night or a quiet dinner with old friends.  The food just wasn't special enough for me to want to drive into downtown.  But if I knew someone who wanted to go here, I wouldn't say no.
4	Came in a few times before and ordered drinks with dinner.  The trick to liking this place is to order drinks at the counter.  That was you get to see the giant hunk of ginger, see the bar tenders squeezing limes, watch them actuallly muddle drinks with care.  The drinks are good, but the show, even better.
1	The drinks were only so-so. The waiter was pretty rude and was trying to tell us what to order.  When we didn't order what he recommended he seemed annoyed.  We ordered the "seared" scallops for an appetizer and they were not seared, rather mushy.  The worst part of the meal was the portion of my meal.  I ordered the special, red snapper wrapped in a leaf of some sort.  I saw the couple at the table next to me eating it and their portions looked appropriate.  When I got my meal, I had maybe 2 ounces of fish, a large piece of raw pineapple and some sort of a bread stick.  I don't know if the waiter was trying to punish us for not ordering enough cocktails but I have NEVER had a portion so small, not even in Paris.
4	I was a little hesitant to visit this establishment after reading the many reviews on Yelp.  After deciding to take a chance on The Breadfruit, I am left pleasantly surprised.  We had made reservations prior to dining and I would recommend that to everyone; it is not that big of a restaurant and fills up quickly.  We started out with Plantain/Avocado baked Spring Rolls and some Jerk Prawns.  Both dishes were fantastic.  The jerk seasoning had an appropriate level of spiciness and the baked plantain rolls were creamy and sweet with the mango chutney that comes with it.  For dinner we had the pimiento-smoked mussels and the jerk chicken.  Both dishes were awesome.  You could taste the smoky flavor in the broth of the mussels and the jerk chicken was fantatstic. For drinks, we both started out with their dark n stormy rum/ginger beer concoction. Expensive, but worth it.  Also had a couple Red Stripes, which, at $4 each is a bargain.The waiter was a little pushy with the suggestions and specials, but, he is partly a salesman, and was doing his job.I will go back to the Breadfruit, as I am a huge fan of rum, and they have a whole other side of the restaurant dedicated to that fine sugar cane juice.
4	I haven't had many experiences in Jamaican dining but if this is what it always tastes like, then I think I'm adding Jamaican cuisine to my list of likes. Nestled on a side street in Downtown Phoenix, The Breadfruit could just as easily be nestled in a corner of a beach village just waiting for diners to experience an intimate meal. The vibe here is definitely like that of a beach town. Everything is calm, cool and collected. The dining room is tiny and if you plan on coming with more than just one person, I definitely suggest calling ahead. It's cozy, with dim lighting and perfect for a date night. Moving on to the food, those who can't handle a kick of spice to their cuisine should be warned! The menu doesn't lie when it says that the food is spicy. But if you can handle a major kick, the food is worth it. To start, I tried the mussels. I'm not typically a mussel fan but these were an exception. They had a Jamaican kick to them and the servings were generous in size. For my meal, I had the Jerk shrimp and holy moly did they have a jerk of spice to them! The shrimp came with pineapple and this long piece of plantain type bread and I ordered a side of rice. The meal was delicious. Now be warned, the pricing here isn't cheap, however I am not letting that take away from the fact that the food was delicious, the atmosphere was wonderful and the cocktails made of fresh fruit and delicious rum were supreme. I will definitely come back and this time I'll take a cab so I can continue my post dinner cocktailing at RumBar next door.
5	When I lived downtown, Rum Bar was my weekly (sometimes bi- or tri-weekly) indulgence. Rum bar is the perfect date spot - cozy and romantic with a fantastic reggae soundtrack playing. Drinks are strong and oh so good! My favorite drinks are the pina colada (trust me on this one - no syrups involved) and mojito, but I've definitely sampled most the bar menu. If you are a rum connoisseur, which I'm not, the bar is lined with what could easily be 100+ bottles of rum. This is by far my favorite bar in Phoenix. I love it so much, I came for New Years! :)Parting words -Go to Rum Bar, enjoy the patio, meditate to some music, order some appetizers from Breadfruit and kick back with your rum beverage of choice.
5	Rum Bar (and it's adjacent restaurant, The Breadfruit) is awesome. Just spectacular Jamaican food. The scallops were delectable, the jerk chicken was delightfully spicy, and the cocktails were fantastic. Service was great, too. I recommend sitting at the bar...you might luck into some free rum tastings like we did.
5	I was in Phoenix for a conference and found The Breadfruit through a web search. It's just a short walk NW of the convention center. The first night I was there I was amazed at the bar's wall full of rum--more than 100 varieties, but more about that later. The dining area was rather small but I was able to get a table during the week (not the same story on a weekend night; reservations are recommended). The waitstaff had spot-on descriptions of the food and cocktails and was passionate about the fare. The menu had quite a lot of seafood options, from mussels to prawns to the catch of the day (red snapper when I visited). The scallops appetizer was delicious--two large, juicy scallops seasoned to perfection. I was glad I took the waiter's recommendation and ordered the prawns; the curry sauce was creamy with a mild flavor. Since I couldn't decide between that or the jerk, I had to come back a couple nights later to try the free range jerk chicken, which was savory and spicy. Both meals were exceptional, and my only regret was that I wasn't in Phoenix longer to try some other dishes. The meals ranged between $14 and $24. Now, back to the rum bar. The bar staff is very knowledgeable and friendly. During my two visits, I tried several of the cocktails and was not disappointed with any. Each drink was made with fresh ingredients and with a variety of rums. You'll not find Captain Morgan or Bacardi here; rather, rums from the Caribbean and Central America dominate, and they even have a rum from Tennessee with a bit of a bourbon taste. You'll also not find whiskey or vodka, just rum, Red Stripe, and wine. They offer some rum flights at a reasonable price, and it's a great opportunity to try different brands of rum and different ages. The owner and bartenders will tell you anything you want to know about the various rums--I felt like I should have been taking notes. I cannot recommend The Breadfruit highly enough and will definitely return again on my next visit to Phoenix. If you're traveling for a convention, steer away from the chain and concept restaurants at CityScape and try this independently owned authentic taste of Jamaica.
3	Dear Breadfruit,You would be worthy of four stars if you were not so utterly overpriced.I will, however, always take you up on a slice a dat sweet potato pie. And coffee, if you insist upon it.Sincerely,Rachel
4	Excellent jerk prawns.  The seasoning was perfect, and while they were spicy, they weren't so spicy I couldn't enjoy the meal.  The sides the prawns were served with were good as well (coleslaw, grilled corn, breadstick).  The beverages they offer here are wonderful as well.  While I was initially wary of getting carrot juice, the carrot juice they offer here is slightly sweet (from the addition of raw sugar), creamy, and the nutmeg they added gave it a very nice flavor.  The Pink Ting grapefruit soda is also quite tasty, as well as the refreshing apple cider (locally produced).  During our meal the waiters strongly suggested that we order the beans and rice with the jerk entrees.  I tasted some of the rice and beans from my husband's entree (brown stew chicken), which tasted OK, nothing special.  If it is so strongly suggested to add the beans and rice to the entree, why isn't it included automatically in the entree then?Minus some points for naming your restaurant breadfruit, but not having breadfruit on the menu!  It's like calling your restaurant Kentucky Fried Chicken but not offering any chicken. : p
5	The jerk chicken is unreal and with mojitos from the Rum Bar, who serve the best drinks in Phoenix imo, you cannot go wrong here.
5	Best drinks in Phoenix.  Hands down.
5	Just sipping a snake preview from the spring cocktail lineup: French Marmalade. Wow it is sensational! And after trying Gin Rummy and Jolly Roger I'm trying to decide which one I like best. Tough choice :-)They are all great - my vote tonight... French Marmalade.For appetiser snacks we had Plantain Avocado spring rolls - baked in a wanton wrap and served with mango salsa. Great pairing.I'm glad to be back in Phoenix :-)
5	Hands down best drinks in the valley.
4	The owner was great! He let us sit at the bar (asking patrons to move to make room for the four of us) without a reservation. Once we sat the bartender helped us to choose drinks and food. Hands down some of the best Jamaican food I have eaten. The owner even suggested a great pairing for my escavitch fish, the daiquiri agricole was strong and an excellent pair to the spicy fish! This place was so good we recommended it to other friends who went later that night, but because it was late they had already run out of some of their menu items. So I might suggest getting an earlier reservation so you get a chance to try the plantains and the fresh food! Go early...this place is small and fills fast!
5	The Breadfruit has always been one of my favorites. I'm always welcomed by name with hearty smiles. Being a single woman, party of one, often, this is the best place in town to feel comfortable and never alone.Always a fan of the bar menu, the new release of latest and greatest spring cocktails are stellar. The French Marmalade has been haunting my dreams for the last 4 nights. After last evening though, the smoked mussels will be doing battle with that cocktail for my dreams. Ire, mon! Truly ire!
4	I love spicy food and I was excited to try this place. It was just ok.... Very plain - tiny portions. Sauce? Flavor? The jerk chicken was very dry. Also, they were out of pina colada... It took the waiter 15min. to actually come and tell me. So I chose another drink and wait another 10min. to bring it. He actually just kept forgetting about us.  The drinks were amazing sooo I would go back for the rum bar!
4	Can't believe I haven't written a review yet!  So I live walking distance to Rum Bar so it's a staple in the neighborhood.  Rum is the name of the game and anejo wil be to blame.There will be no rum and cokes in this place!  The owner, who will always great you at the door, will help you expand your palate with a craft cocktails or flight of rums.My favorite drinks have been the Swizzle and they make a great Dark & Stormy.  Work yourself through the rest of the specialty cocktails...you won't be disappointed.Have only had some apps and desert here.  The spring rolls, scallops, and the parfait have been excellent.The Abuelo 7yr has been a great sipper and compliments many of the dishes.  Rum Bar reminds my of NYC and it's a pleasure to sit and soak up some good conversation with friends
5	Great atmosphere ... great drinks, and great food. Just great all around!
3	If I were being totally honest, I would give this place a 2 star review BUT my dining companion thought her food was pretty good, so I bumped it up a star for her. I went here with a friend last night after the Yelp event at PBS. It was very close by and also close to my the place I'm moving into in a couple of weeks, so I thought it would be a nice opportunity to give it a try. We went in, had no wait (it was like 9 pm or so) and were seated in the tiny dining room. The menu had some interesting looking items on it (the drink menu looked good too, but being that I had been drinking all night at the Yelp event, I figured I didn't need to pay 9$ for a drink....). I asked the waitress what soup they had, and she said they didn't have soup that day (and in a tone that was like...'you idiot' I think because the soup says Saturday soup or something, but I figured if it was on the regular everyday menu and not a specials menu it was probably just a name for the soup....maybe it was stupid....I don't know). So I asked for my second choice, the chicken and dumplings....oh sorry, we're out of that. ohhhhhhk. So I asked what she would get and she went on and on about the prawns. I told her I wasn't into seafood, so what did she suggest that was not seafood and she replied "Have you ever had prawns?!?!" Really? Not the expected response from a waitress....I have had prawns, I do not like them or most any seafood and I do not want an inflated check for food that I do not want because your restaurant is out of everything else. She then suggested the salad with chicken in it, so I got that. My friend got the chicken sandwich. She said the sandwich was good...my salad was terrible. We both concurred it was one of the worst salads I have had. The dressing tasted like orange rinds and was super sweet and the chicken in it was very spicy (which I like) but the two flavors together were not complimentary. Also, the salad was drenched in that dressing....no eating around it. The veggies seemed fresh enough and it looked nice, but for 10$ it is absolutely not worth it. I got a to go box and left it by the light rail so a homeless person could try to eat it, although I think they may even leave it behind. I'm not sure I would come back here...hard to judge a restaurant off of one salad, but I'm leaning toward a no on that one. PS my friend said they have really cute bathrooms, so that's a plus!
4	Excellent.  Great drinks and amazing Jerk Chicken
2	I am giving The Breadfruit 2 stars because I was able to consume the food.  However, it had zero flavor.  I started with the plantain and avocado spring rolls.  I had curry tofu for my entree which was served with rice and peas.  I usually not put salt on my food, but unfortunately I had to ask for salt to add some flavor.  For dessert I had a sweet potato pudding which the server described as a cake like texture.  It was closer to a pie.On the positive side the Sorrel drink was good and vibe was OK with Jamaican music playing in the background.
3	It's not the best Carribbean restaurant I've been to, but I did like that they had some unique items on the menu. The rum glazed prawns with roti were good. The mussels dish came with tons of mussels and a flavorful broth. The dessert was a disappointment, but I would give it another try and try another item if I am in Phoenix again.
3	Stopped by here once after First Friday. I liked it, but didn't think it was anything to write home about. The curry I got and the jerk chicken the bf got were good, but the rice was... pretty terrible. Hard and chewy. I don't know if Jamaican people have their rice differently, but I like mine soft and fluffy. That's the one thing that sticks out in my mind.It was a cute date place, and I love that they had neat artwork for sale from local artists on the walls. Reasonably priced, too. Don't go out of your way to check this out, but if you're right there and craving some Jamaican... why not?
2	I really wanted to love this place. My husband and I just moved to Phoenix from the east coast. He's a native of the Caribbean coast of Venezuela and I lived there for many years. We know good rum. When we saw the aptly named "Rum Bar" was only blocks from our home in the arts district, we were super happy. We decided to give it a go on a night of celebration. From the moment we walked in, there was confusion. They were about 45 minutes away from closing, which we assumed was ample time for a drink and an appetizer. I noticed that they had two of our favorite Venezuelan rums. When I explained to the bartender what kind of rum we typically like and asked if she could recommend something similar so we can broaden our horizons a bit, she looked a bit wide-eyed and proceeded to ask a man who was sitting on the corner of the bar who I am going to assume is the owner. That became the precedent for the evening. We asked a question, she asked the man at the bar. Perhaps it was her first night, and that's OK, but a few smiles would have turned this review into a positive one. In addition to her overall unfriendly demeanor, we simply couldn't get over how pretentious the place felt. My husband ordered a Cuba Libre. The bartender hesitated much longer than was necessary and told him "we serve that rum in a snifter" effectively telling him he couldn't order what he wanted. She then brought him a flight of rum which wasn't even the same brand as the drink he had ordered. When we both looked confused, she took it away and started to pour another flight. By now, we were really irritated and felt really unwelcome. My husband corrected her again. "Please, I'd like a Cuba libre." Rum is fun, people. Maybe not wherever the owner is from, but in Venezuela, it's passed around at the beach. We drink it at every party, formal or otherwise. Cuba libre is a perfectly legitimate cocktail, just as legitimate as the mojito I ordered (which I will say, was excellent, hence the two stars instead of one) When it was clear we weren't going to accept the flight of rum she was trying to force on us, she walked over the the man at the bar yet again, who laughed (at our pedestrian choice of drink?) and waved his hand in resignation. She then brought my husband the tiniest, most watered down rum and coke imaginable. Not a Cuba libre. A rum and coke. No lime to speak of. When he asked for a lime to turn his rum and coke into some semblance of a Cuba libre, she said "oh you wanted lime with that?!" incredulously. We ordered the plantain spring rolls with mango chutney. They were utterly tasteless, except for the chutney. It was basically store bought frozen won ton wrapper and not a hint of sweet plantain. Not one hint. We're exceptionally disappointed that we didn't love this place. The only redeeming factors (not for us, we won't be back) are the prices which are reasonable and their good selection of rums.
1	My first trip to Phoenix I was looking for the best food donwtown Phoenix had to offer. It is NOT The Breadfruit! Aside from their nice lounge-like interior it was awful. The menu is limited and its my personal pet peeve for someone to call a green plantain a sweet plantain. I'm a vegan so they have one vegetarian option on the menu which I wasn't interested in so I asked if I could create a plate. They said no because theyre flavors were expertly paired and the dishes were already made. Ha! I wondered is it a TV dinner because if not you should have no trouble putting rice and peas, plantains, and greens on a plate. I asked if a watermelon could be put in my mojito they said no like how hard is that. I looked around to see if the business reflected all the no's i was getting and the place was empty. Mind you it was dinner time and its a dinner restaurant. I finally ordered the avocado plantain spring rolls. The bartender brought me out to menu items that I did not order and tried to convince me that i ordered them The spring rolls could have been good if the plantains were actually sweet. I paid my bill and went over to the Westin restaurant and had a great meal
1	The drinks were great, the food was palatable, but the service was absolutely terrible, and I have never felt so unwelcome in a restaurant in my life. I took 7 ladies here for my bachelorette party dinner (we wanted a low-key affair with good food and good drinks, and since I was going to Jamaica for my honeymoon, we figured this was the perfect place). We are all working professional women who are accustomed to fine dining and good service, but unfortunately, we got none of that at The Breadfruit. Our waitress tried to push the most expensive thing on the menu multiple times, despite my friends saying they don't like seafood. She then tried to push everyone to order sides of rice and peas (I really wonder if they make a commission from selling rice and peas), and also suggested that my friend order some for her 1-year-old son. My friend went ahead and ordered it because she figured he could nibble on it if he wanted, and it wouldn't be a big waste of money if he didn't like it or wasn't hungry. More on this later...Another friend asked the waitress if she could get her meal without anything banana-related on the plate, because she has a banana aversion. The waitress extremely rudely replied "The menu SAYS right THERE that no substitutions are allowed. And they AREN'T bananas - they're plantains." My friend stated that she couldn't eat either bananas or plantains, and that she wasn't asking for a substitution, but rather the omission of the plantains from the plate. The waitress stated that it could not be done, because it would ruin the presentation of the dish, so I just piped up and told my friend I would take her plantains off the plate. Now back to the rice and peas. When the 1-year-old started eating it, he spilled some of it onto the table, and then wiped what he had spilled from the table onto the floor (he's a 1-year-old, after all! He hadn't made a peep the entire time we were there, nor did he ever try to get down from his adult-sized chair, so pushing some rice onto the floor was not a huge transgression). The waitress immediately came over and said, in the rudest voice ever, "Oh that's just GREAT. Can you just NOT let him do that???" to which my friend replied, "Don't you have a broom? I will clean it up." The waitress just rolled her eyes and disappeared (but never did bring a broom). My friends and I are generous tippers, and would have rewarded the waitress greatly for dealing with the aftermath of a toddler's dinner. However, after the rudeness we had experienced up to this point, we couldn't take it any longer. We asked the other waiter to speak to a manager, and after about 5 minutes (during which time our waitress never did reappear), the manager finally came over and spoke to us. He told us that the waiter would be serving us for the rest of our dinner, instead of the waitress, but he never did apologize for his employee's rude behavior. I see from other Yelp reviews that others have had similar experiences with that waitress, and I question if she is still employed solely based on her scallop- and rice-and-pea- upselling abilities. It was clear she wanted to do as little work as possible and clear our table as quickly as possible. If I had only gone for drinks, I would definitely go back again, but I don't think the food is good enough for me to want to tolerate the utterly crappy service, and I know can get good drinks so many other places. Sorry Breadfruit, but I will be getting my Jamaican-food fix elsewhere from now on!
1	I had high hopes for this place, and it is really too bad because I love to support the Phoenix area restaurants, especially a Caribbean one and I had already been to the adjoining Rum Bar and loved the drinks, but the food was bad.  It was not only bad, but by all means avoid the daily market catch.  It was not fresh at all!  Very over priced!  For nearly $25 for a simple white fish they could have at least taken the bones out of the thing.  It tasted like it had been sitting around all day (or two) in its own juices, and when I let the waiter/bartender know he just ignored it and then ignored us until we left.  I will never be back for the food.  The Rum flights are worth a trip there, but that is it.
4	Whew! After months of being on the road, going to the Rum Bar downtown for the promise of a perfect Caribbean night is exactly what a gal needs to feel right at home! When I entered the bar, the vibe was really friendly and welcoming so I can tell right off the bat that I'd enjoy the night ahead. I started with the Dark & Stormy, a generous and sweet concoction of ginger beer and rum with a trail of mojitos. The seafood was divine as well, I tried out the Mediterranean mussels and the spicy rum glazed shrimp that had me racing for another round of mojitos just to wash it down!
2	This place has a ton of potential. There is an astounding selection of rum with an incredibly knowledgeable and passionate manager (owner?). The decor and classy island music created a perfect ambiance.  Unfortunately, these great aspects are negated by a serious personnel deficiency.  This was this author's second attempt to patronize the Rum Bar, the first ending in failure as he arrived around 12:30 and the Rum Bar closes at 12:00, even on weekends.  Really?  This second voyage began around 10 pm.  Upon telling the bartender of said first failed experience, the following was uttered: "This is a cocktail bar, not a nightclub.  The good places close early."  Didn't know that.  Anyway, first drink, the Estate Mai Tai, was made by a female mixologist.  She needed to ask the manager for assistance with every step.  It was good enough, but not amazing.  The owner then came over and insisted on re-making, saying "this isn't the right color."  Great.  Love this guy.  From here a great, if somewhat standoffish, conversation ensued.  This man is passionate, and totally knowledgeable.  A more in-depth talk would have been great but the guy just kinda peaced out after 10 minutes.  Maybe his child was in trouble?  Or there was an emergency?  Nope, he was later spotted just chilling in the alley outside the bar.  The guy has a gem of a ruby of a place here, just don't expect a great interactive learning experience.  If you want to get wasted on great rum then by all means, throw on a striped shirt and some Axe and pile into your Chevy Monte Carlo and get on down here.
4	I came in with a group of 6 friends for dinner today. Margaret  was our server. The food was great. I wasn't very impressed with the plantains. I'm used to them being a little more cooked. I ate the curried coconut tofu, which as pretty good.  The drinks are a must do. The mojitos were excellent along with the black cherry mango punch. I'm not a fan of either fruit but I did like the punch.
5	OMG the pina colada. I have quite a bit of experience with Rum, and the pina colada at Breadfruit is the most balanced and delicious rum drink I have ever tasted. The fresh flavor with just the right amount of sweetness will make you completely rethink your perception of what is typically a sugary frozen concoction served with an umbrella.  Vibe was downtown cool with fun jamaican beats playing .Our service was excellent, so as far as the negative service reviews, either they have gotten it together or we dined on an "on" night. Our server was knowledgeable and made great recommendations, even suggesting drink pairings to complement out entrees.The scallop appetizer was yummy - a little on the small side with 2 scallops so dont plan to share if there are more then 2 at the table. The jerk seasoning was yummy and had a great kick. I had the prawn curry and really enjoyed the entire dish - a generous helping of prawns with sauteed veggies and perfectly cooked rice and peas (again, many have complained about the rice but it was cooked nicely).Our server suggested a mojito as a paring with the curry, and I took her suggestion. i get nervous ordering mojitos because some bartenders use mint syrup vs fresh mint, which is totally nasty, and many tend to over sweeten the drink. Not the case here. Again - perfect balance between tart and sweet and the best mojito I have had outside of my secret recipe!For dessert there was a deep internal struggle between ordering the sweet potato pudding and enjoying another pina colada.  Since I was the driver the puddin won out. It was a unique dessert - not very sweet and nicely complimented by whipped cream flavored with even more rum.   I read a few poor reviews for the size of the desserts - OK people this is not the Claim Jumper.  The size was perfect for sharing and a completely appropriate size for a dessert.  If you want a ginormus hunk of cake you can go to Chilis or Claim Jumper and enjoy the side of diabetes. Seriously what is wrong with America. Soapbox.All in all an amazing experience, and will definitely be back. Bill was about 90 for 2 of us, the food was very reasonable but with 2 cocktails each there was no way we were getting out of there under a hundy, That being said, the quality, flavor, and service made it more then worth it.
4	Simply the best jerk chicken I have ever had. I sat at the bar, which could use some acoustic management. But the staff was great, drinks were wonderful but expensive. I did feel I got my moneys worth.  I will be going back.
4	The food is delicious and authentic. They Use REAL scotch bonnet pepper here so it has a very good flavor. Not every thing is spicy but spice can be added to anything. Just ask they are nice.  Be warned Caribbean red peppers is very hot ,taste is like a sweet phenomenal jalapeno but  about 600% hotter (spice)Update: I have ernt back a few times since and noticed that some of the service is kinda pushy. Not to me directly, but its easy to notice
5	I'm going to keep this short and sweet - The Breadfruit is absolutely delicious. One of the best meals I've ever had, anywhere in AZ, hands down. We had the Appleton Rum Sea Scallops as our appetizer, which were the best scallops I've ever tasted. Very spicy and very flavorful. I had the jerked chicken as my entree, and my boyfriend had the jerked pork. Both were excellent.Loved the space, loved the vibe, service was great, loved the drinks, LOVED the food. I can't wait to go back.
4	I have been to the Rum Bar a few times in the past few weeks. They have some pretty interesting cocktails. I have had the watermelon cocktail, pina colada, rum punch, their mixed punch stuff that's on the counter, and the strawberry basilica. My favorite was definitely the watermelon. Soooo good....it is sweet, yet light and refreshing. The pina colada is a little too rich for me, as they use coconut milk in it. The strawberry is very good, sweet, but clearly alcoholic. The punch that was on their counter last night was excellent! It tasted like clove and fruit....really interesting. Overall, this place is great, but here is my gripe- last night we wanted to get some food, but we were informed that they don't serve anything but apps in the bar area or outside and we couldn't get a table in the restaurant for another 2 hours or so. The waitress told us that they have a very small kitchen and that's why they do that. We were fine with ordering apps and got the scallops, the prawn flatbread, and the avocado spring rolls. The portion sizes were SO SMALL! and the prices were SO high. For $12.50 we got 2 scallops (after being told that they were good to share). Kind of ridiculous. The scallops were excellent! But I wanted more than one bite for the price. The prawns were just alright and were more like a dip with pieces of bread than what I would typically think of when hearing flatbread (aka pizza).  The spring rolls had a decent flavor but were mushy. I will be back for drinks, but I wouldn't order appetizers again. I felt kind of ripped off. I also am not sure why they can make these appetizers in their small kitchen and can't make some rice and beans or curry for the small amount of people in the bar.....oh well.
1	I have been the the rum bar 2 times before and the service was fine as was the food. Stopped by tonight and was meeting a friend for drinks. I arrived early, they told me I had to sit in the waiting area until my party arrived. There was NO ONE IN THE PLACE. Yet I couldn't sit at a table and be served a drink? Or be ask to have a seat at the bar??? No I had to sit right by the door on a bench.  I went to Turf around the corner where they welcomed my drink order while I waited for my friend. Way to pretentious for me...I won't be back
2	So I was really excited to check out this place when I visited Phoenix at the end of July. Went straight there from the airport.. Love the swanky hole in the wall that Phoenix seems to have a niche in. Our server was very nice and the drinks were great...but now the disappointment begins...Appleton Rum Sea Scallops app was pretty good, couls have used more flavor but what's awful was there were only 2 and our food took forever!. Not worth it.They should definitely change this into a main dish add scallops, more seasoning & rice, and increase the price to make it worth it. I ordered the pork with polenta and it was boring! My friend ordered something else.. dont remember what but she wasn't thrilled either. So I recommend this place maybe for a Happy Hour but for dinner's there is better out there. If you're looking for Carribean food downtown.. I suggest Ticoz.
4	Super small. Very intimate. Worth at *least* one visit. Also, home of the tiniest bathroom sink ever.We went here for a friends birthday a few weekends ago. A reservation is highly recommended since they are so tiny. Our waitress recommended we try Rum Bars house made punch (yum). Now, Ive never had Jamaican food before, but Im now, officially, a fan. As a table we shared the best mussels Ive had since diving for them ourselves in New England as a kid. For the main course, I had the jerk prawns, holy spicy Batman! So good. My husband is notoriously picky about his food, but he rather enjoyed the molasses fried lollipops he got. Overall, everyone was very pleased w/ their food choices.Our waitress was very attentive and knowledgeable, and the atmosphere was very unassuming, and chill.If youre in the mood for something a little different, i recommend going here.
4	I love this place.  I absolutely love it.  Great food, great drinks, Really cool vibe.  I am an AZ native and love eating down town.  This is the first place I think of when trying to come up with something fun, and delicious that everyone will enjoy.  Be prepared for some good spicy Caribbean food
1	I went there for the first time with some friends to try it out. The drinks were sub-par and the service was horrible (the owner flipped the tip we gave him on our face). We were shocked to see this sort of behavior for no specified reason. I have never written reviews before but I felt that I  had to.
5	Pure charm in every way, and a perfect kitchen.  Fantastic bartender.  It's one of the Valley's best!
3	Too spicy, too not... I wish I could find a middle ground for it all.  All the rum in the world cannot the essence of Jamaican flare for food.  Eating in the bar is for the brave only, as you will be tossed and turned while eating.  Plan ahead on a weekend and make a reservation.
4	Food was really good here. I like the atmosphere but was not a fan of some of the seating spots. One right next to the bathroom. YUK! Luckily a new table came up and we moved. The Mojitos were excellent. Scallops were good but almost too spicy. The tofu curry was awesome and the jerk pork and polenta was good. I wish had a little more depth though. But the okra was a good addition to it, maybe a few more would have been nice. Our waitress was good but seemed very stressed out or frustrated which was clear. Otherwise a good spot, very cozy and I think I will try it again.
5	The Rum Bar was such a neat little bar down town, but if you don't like rum, this is not your place. They only serve red stripe or rum- but what a collection! I liked the vibe of the place. Very chill, and a nice patio as well. The servers were really personable and knowledgable. I was fascinated watching them make their drinks with all the tincture and exotic ingredients. Felt very sophisticated.
2	Let me start by saying this used to be an amazing place. I have eaten here many many times, but stopped going due to having less business downtown.I went here this weekend and was horrified. They changed the menu, and the same meal I had a year ago that was 10 stars was now below average. It seems as if they lost the cook that made this place so good. The food I had tasted like liquid smoke, and having been a BBQ judge for many years, I can tell you that's exactly what it was.I was very disappointed, as I looked so forward to revisiting one of my favorite places in town. It is such a shame of what happened.
5	Ok, I was a bit harsh last time (to be fair, that salad was really something awful). I have been back once for just appetizers and again last night for a dinner date with the BF. Both times have been Fan - Tastic!!! Last night we started with the scallops and a couple of drinks. The scallops were amazing. Spicy and perfectly cooked. The portion is a bit small, though, for the price (2 big scallops for 12$). I ordered the pork belly and it was tender and delicious. It came on top of a white bean mash with a sweet and spicy sauce. SO Good!!! The BF got the jerk pork with polenta. OH Em Gee.... I could eat that everyday (but I wouldn't...of course.... *looks around*). It was spicy...spicy enough to make my nose run a little. It was flavorful...smoky, spicy, and savory. The polenta was the perfect side to go with the meat too. *droooool* For dessert we had the chocolate and orange souffle.... The souffle was very good...molten and delicious chocolate with just enough orange flavor...but the thing that made it...rum whipped cream. Yes, you read it right....RUM whipped cream!!! It was perfect with the souffle and just such a good idea overall. Yes, it is expensive, but I had a fabulous time there, it is cute and intimate, and the food is awesome. The service is great, attentive, but not too attentive. I will definitely be back.PS be sure to make reservations...this place is tiny and gets booked up.
4	I little bit of Montego Bay in the middle of downtown Phoenix.  What a pleasant surprise to walk into this oasis of reggae and Caribbean food. The atmosphere and vibe at the bar are relaxed and tropical.  The decor matches the theme with distressed woods and bright colors. All that's missing is a whiff of ganja and you'd be in Jamaica. I ate in the bar area but the menu comes from "Breadfruit", the adjoining restaurant.  I enjoyed the food.  I had the jerk prawn avocado salad and boy was it spicy!  The menu indicates heat so be aware they aren't kidding. The salad was huge with lots of avocado and prawns.  This could be a meal for most people.  I also had the Jerk chicken and it was well prepared and also spicy.  The sides were colorful, a cabbage/pineapple slaw.  I had a few glasses of local wine by the glass at happy hour prices and enjoyed it.  Who knew Arizona made wine? The bartender was friendly and attentive and the crowd eating at the bar was chatty and friendly as well. I will definitely go back the next time I am in the area. I'll pack my Bob Marley T-shirt so I can blend in.
4	This restaurant is too cute.  A cozy dining room than can fit maybe 24 people, and a small adjacent wooden rum bar.  The food is excellent too.  There are only a few appetizers and entrees on the menu, but what they do they do well.  Just beware that when they say an item is spicy, they mean it!The roasted plantains with mango chutney were a delicious beginning to our meal.  I loved my pork belly with guava glaze, served over mashed butter beans that were spiked with Jamaican spices.  My friend raved about the prawns simmered in curry and Red Stripe beer.  Another friend ordered the jerk-spiced pulled pork.  I warned him that it would be spicy (and I know he is not a huge fan of spicy food).  When he didn't finish his meal, the item mysteriously failed to appear on the bill! (Was it an omission, or did the server realize my friend didn't like it?)  Anyway, that's not to say the dish wasn't good, I think it was just a little too spicy for him.We decided not to have dessert here, and instead went to the art walk on Roosevelt St.  The Breadfruit is a little hard to find and there's only street parking, but if you're downtown be sure to give it a try.
2	My husband (Jamaican) and I were very excited to try the Breadfruit, especially after reading so many rave reviews. Sadly the best part of our experience and meal was the drink which turns this review into a 2-star instead of 1. Even with a half-empty dining room at 8pm on a weekday, we were told they did not have a table available and had to wait half an hour, at which point we were escorted into the now near-empty dining room. Our appetizers and entrees were bland, with only hints of Jamaican flavors, and served luke-warm.  Hubby had a upset stomach and touch of queasiness a couple hours after dinner. The concept of the restaurant is great but I recommend anyone visiting The Breadfruit should go for happy hour and get the rum punch or other tasty cocktails and skip the food - then you might not be disappointed.  :-)
3	I came here a few weeks ago for my birthday.  The servers were nice, the food was good, the rum punch was excellent!  The portions were a nice size.  We had: the Coconut Curried Tofu, Smoked Fish & Cabbage Canape, sorrel etc...  The rum menu is amazing, they use local produce/organic ingredients and I love the chic environment.  I must admit I wasn't too keen on the host up front; he was a bit abrasive to my guests (so you lost one star for that).  But overall, we had a good time in the outside patio and I would return to try some other things.
5	The Breadfruit and Rumbar has been serving downtown Phoenix patrons tasty Jamaican food since 2008, but I finally checked it out for the first time this past weekend. I fell in love with it instantly and can't wait to go back.The Breadfruit and Rumbar is a charming Jamaican eatery with an extensive selection of more than 100 rums. I had one of my new favorite cocktails there, the changing-daily Punch Bowl Special ($9), made with fresh pomegranate and cranberry juices. It was so refreshing, plus pretty strong, and I could have sipped them all night long. And if you're into cigars, you can purchase one there to pair with your rum, too.We started with the Plantain Avocado Spring Rolls ($8.50), paired with a mango chutney. If you like the avocado rolls at Kona Grill, you'll definitely like these. And it's nice to know The Breadfruit locally sources all their menu items, so everything is extremely fresh.I'm usually not a huge tofu fan, but I took the recommendation of our server to order the Coconut Curry Tofu ($11.50). It was a really hearty, delicious dish, and the tofu reminded me of chicken bits -- I really liked it. The rice and beans (they're called "peas" on the menu) was my favorite part of the dish, which also came with veggies and plantains. It was a great variety of foods and really filling. I'd highly recommend it.My boyfriend got the Jerk Chicken ($12), which he said was the best jerk chicken he'd ever had.Besides the tasty food, the atmosphere at The Breadfruit was so pretty. The lounge area was dark and sophisticated -- you won't find any sports televisions -- and the main dining room was small and cozy. Service was excellent, and I'd recommend it as a great date place.
3	We met some friends here last night for dinner and drinks.  Despite not having reservations as this was a last minute occasion, the manager (owner?) squeezed us in and I thoroughly appreciate it.  He definitely made us feel like valued guests.  Our server, Christian, was absolutely lovely.  She kept our drinks filled and put up with our juvenile antics all night long.  Give this girl a raise!  The cocktails were delicious.  The pina colada was stunning.  It is NOT your margarita-machine Jimmy-Buffet-esque frozen beverage.  It's a real deal colada with coconut cream, coconut rum, and a whole lot of yummy.  I also tried the rum punch - they make a new one every day so it's always changing.  It was outstanding and I think it's probably good that it comes in small classes.  I'm pretty sure it's dangerous. The food was honestly underwhelming.  My jerk shrimp was spiced well and I believe they were good quality prawns but they were overcooked and chewy.  My husband's jerk pork suffered the same fate of being dry.  He did enjoy the polenta that came with it.  I wouldn't pause for a second to come back here for drinks but I would probably dine elsewhere.
4	Rum Bar is such a neat little place. Their mojitos are some of the best I've had in Phoenix; they contain large sprigs of fresh mint and good rum. I've tried some of other drinks and they were fine--but I don't like to deviate too far from my beloved mojito. I love to sit on the patio during the cooler months and pretend I'm in a place other than Phoenix.
4	Discovered this place at the culinary event Devoured. I have been craving that fabulous grilled calamari but alas, it is not on the current menu. The calamari is theoretically going on the Spring menu next week....Arrive at 4:50 and am told that the restaurant opens at 5. At 5ish we return and discover that the happy hour pricing is only in the bar but they will make an exception for one drink each and an appetizer. So we sit on the deck and enjoy that unbelievable rum punch and a plantain thing. We spent a few weeks in Jamaica last summer and never encountered punch that wonderful,  and trust me we tried many. Our dishes were equally great. The guava glazed pork belly on a bed of bean mash was divine. The Jerk pork and polenta was spicy and bold and interesting and so very good.  I am dinging a star for the dingy server. She is in another dimension, perhaps the Jamaican Spliff effect?  This is Jamaicain/ American, not true hard core. Where is the calaloo? We cant wait to go back. We will sit in the lounge and drink rum punches until we are sated and then proceed to the deck for exceptional dining--- and hopefully the grilled calamari.
1	A client of mine recently came to Phoenix and the concierge at the Renaissance recommended The Breadfruit.  It was almost embarrassing because the food was awful and we left after beer and two appetizers.  Do not waste your time as the flavors were terrible.
4	This isn't your normal cafe'!These people understand the taste of the Caribbean and after a meal or two you will also. Everything seems to be on the spicy side, something I like but might not be for everyone. Great flavors, amazing smells and the cocktails might just be some of the best you will ever have.You owe it to yourself to give it a try.
2	We ate here last night before a show at Crescent Ballroom. We arrived a bit before 7pm and were a party of 6. We weren't the largest party there and definitely got there before a couple of the larger parties. We didn't get our food until a quarter after 8 after watching the larger parties that were seated after us receive thiers.  I asked our server to bring us some to go boxes when she brought the food out, as well as the check, as we didn't want to miss the show we planned to watch and we didn't receive it for another 15 minutes.  I'm tempted to say that our server didn't place our order immediately or was too occupied with the trainee that was following her around to notice that we were in a hurry, even after I asked for the check. The food wasn't bad, but will likely never eat here again and just spend time at the Rum Bar.
5	The Caribbean food that I'm used to deep fries just about everything... fried plantains, empanadas, etc... loads you up with rice... leaves you feeling like you might develop instant diabetes... The Breadfruit was the perfect change from that.The decor is great... I felt transported to somewhere tropical... almost like I could step outside on the beach.  Not in a tacky way.  It was very authentic & made me think of past excursions to the Caribbean.  The patio was cute but small so we opted to stay inside.  Service was everything I expect from waitstaff... our waitress was super attentive & knowledgeable.I ordered a couple of cocktails from the Rum Bar... which I definitely recommend doing.  Mojito Classic to start the meal because I'm boring... & also Beets The Blues because I couldn't look away from it.  Both were glorious.We started the meal with Plantain Avocado Spring Rolls... interesting... the mango chutney was the star of that dish.  My boyfriend ordered the Jerk Chicken Salad... I wasn't expecting much from a salad but it was great.   You can tell everything is made with fresh & quality ingredients.  I wish more restaurants were like this.I had the guava glazed pork belly.  Melt in your mouth pork with a tangy sweet sauce.  If I was a little more tipsy, I probably would have licked my plate.  The mash included on the plate was also delicious...  but I find myself fantasizing over the pork belly.  So.  Good.All in all, it was great & I can't wait to go back.
2	Appetizers, overpriced, small portions.  Entrees, good flavor...Service... lacking.The server who had our table was awkward... She was nice enough, but didn't really understand service.  My friend asked for a cocktail twice, and on the first occasion, they said they couldnt make anything with grapefruit juice... and on the second occasion, He ordered a pina colada and specified a type of rum.She came back and said the bartender wouldnt make it because the flavor would comprimise the integrity of the flavor.... He wanted brazilian rum in a pina colada, Big deal, just make the drink, don't make him feel bad.we felt rushed as our plates were cleared before our friends were finished eating...The food was tasty, however I won't be back due to the strange vibe I got.
1	Appetizers, overpriced, small portions.  Entrees, good flavor...Service... lacking.The server who had our table was awkward... She was nice enough, but didn't really understand service.  My friend asked for a cocktail twice, and on the first occasion, they said they couldnt make anything with grapefruit juice... and on the second occasion, He ordered a pina colada and specified a type of rum.She came back and said the bartender wouldnt make it because the flavor would comprimise the integrity of the flavor.... He wanted brazilian rum in a pina colada, Big deal, just make the drink, don't make him feel bad.we felt rushed as our plates were cleared before our friends were finished eating...The food was tasty, however I won't be back due to the strange vibe I got.
4	This place is very cute, great atmosphere and great staff. The food was also delicious, my only thing was that it was kind of pricey. I couldn't believe I paid over $25 for two small appetizers but I guess that's why this place is doing so well. I will definitely return again but won't be ordering the appetizer, just going straight for their carrot/coconut juice which was AMAZING and their entrees :)
3	I thought this place was a bit of a let down. I really enjoyed the rum punch however.
5	Phoenix's Best Hidden Secret Drinks: The Caipirinha's  here are delicious!(Caipirinha is a mojito like brazilian cocktail) They  have an array of imported rums and rum flight choices. Food: I had the Ox tail and it was superb, a bit spicy but definitely something I would order again. Service: Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the drink selection and history behind the rums. Ambiance: Low lighting, romanticI drove by this place dozens of times and had no idea what I was missing. A friend of mine recommended this place for happy hour. I have been back twice since and am a big fan.
3	Good food but a bit overpriced.
4	Really unique, sophisticated atmosphere. The restaurant serves spicy, Jamaican cuisine and lots of rum. We ordered an appetizer of calamari, but it was not the deep fried version, rather, it was just grilled squid with a fruity/floral sauce. The appetizer has won a few awards and we know why! Squid usually has a rubber-like texture, but the appetizer we had just melt in our mouths. It was definitely pricey for the amount you get, but worth the experience of fresh squid at its finest. I ordered the pulled pork over polenta. I wasn't a fan of how smokey the pork was, but the meat itself was very tender. There was way too much sauce poured over the polenta which made a weird texture, but would have been great with out it. My husband ordered a tropical fish dish which was excellent. I will definitely try this place again. Wasn't a fan of my dish, but look forward to trying something else on the menu!
5	One of the BEST places in The Valley to get a cocktail. These guys are going on my rapidly expanding "Pissed at myself for not checking out sooner" list.  I'm not a rum drinker, but fortunately they have plenty of non-rum drinks.I started with "Devil in a Blue Dress" which was neither sweet nor bitter. Not my favorite drink but not for lack of skill on the bartender's part. I moved on to "Kiwi Reserve" which was much more my style ( and did have Mt. Gay as one of the ingredients)Rum Bar is VERY classy and low key and the bartenders are true mixologists with knowledge on par with a chemist. They know their shit and they take their craft seriously which is apparent in every stage of the drink preparation.This is a nice relaxing place to come relax and in casual, yet sophisticated environment and I can't wait to come back.Highly recommend.
2	Great cocktails, but the atmosphere is very condescending and unpleasant. I brought a group of about 10 people for a happy hour, and as people trickled in, we were repeatedly asked if we had a larger group coming. When the full party had arrived, we were asked to sit in the back patio, i.e. smoking section (which was not a nice thing to do to my non-smoking friends), where there was no seating for groups larger than 5. I want to be clear: none of us had had anything to drink before our arrival. We were not belligerent, we were not rude. We were just treated that way.We were also given conflicting messages about substituting different varieties of rum in the cocktails and were charged absurdly for the privilege of doing so... until we were told it was impossible because we would single-handedly ruin the owner's entire brand.All in all, it's a good place to go for a cocktail. They're tasty, but it was easier and more pleasant to do business elsewhere. I haven't gone back, and I have no intention of doing so.
5	Never tried the food, so this is just for the bar part.Rum Bar is a must in Phoenix. The owner is very knowledgable about his subject, and will share all kinds of stories about rum and its history in the US if you ask (protip: ask why he doesn't stock Bacardi). The cockails are excellent and made with only the best. Yes, they are a little pricey, but I've never had a really good cocktail under $10, so the prices are reasonable, considering.Just overall a great experience: good service, interesting conversation, and fantastic cocktails and rum list. As a bourbon gal, I never knew rum could taste this complex and interesting. A definite must-go.
4	Awesome patio, and knowledgable service! Amazing rum selection as well! The food smelled amazing, and I will definitely be back for that in the near future Our bartender was very helpful in helping us pick out different rum-based cocktails, and she was spot on! I'm a whiskey man myself, so she suggested the rum old fashion; it was a bit sweeter obviously but excellent flavor overall. My wife ordered some concoction with rum and pureed kiwi which I could have seriously slurped down in a few gulps it was so good! The drinks are a bit pricey, and I think had they been a little less we would have stayed for another round, but other than that we will absolutely visit this bar again and again!
4	It's been awhile since I've been to the Breadfruit and I'd heard about their new bar next door so my girlfriend and I gave this place a whirl after dinner down the street.  Really nice little neighborhood bar.  Not a big space mind you as there is bar seating and a few small couches, but a nice intimate setting with cool lighting, exposed red brick, and a nice color and lighting scheme to setup a very laid back atmosphere.  And there's plenty of overflow space into the Breadfruit next door.  They just updated their drink menu so the waiter wasn't completely up to speed on the latest menu items, but we took a shot at couple of the old school favorites.  Among them is the punch bowl special which is (not surprisingly) a punch bowl the bartender mixes in with different rums on a nightly basis.  Good stuff.  We also got a Mr. Smith and a Tamarind Ball.  Some of their drinks are a little on the pricey side, but we weren't disappointed with any of them (note: if you're super ambitious, they have a drink on the menu that retails for $2,500 per pour).  We had a great view of the bar and the multitudes of Rum and other unique alcoholic concoctions on the wall and felt perfectly at home with the friendly staff.  Great addition to the neighborhood and topped off the night perfectly.
2	Meh. Overpriced, psuedo urban hoity toity experience. Should you come here at least once and try some house cocktails for $10 each? Sure, why not. But is this a place to frequent? Not at all, well except phonys. Phonys will love this place. Holden, however would hate it.
2	I'm doing my best to separate Rum Bar from The Breadfruit, even tho the service is shared between the two. Although my original intention was just to have a cocktail (and experience the new bar), our server was super cool and told us about the specials. Hearing about food on an empty stomach, well... I didn't have the willpower to say no.Looking over the menu, I noticed that there was a grilled jerk chicken entree with (I think) potatoes at around $13. Our server described a similar special (roasted jerk chicken with wild rice and vegetables) so we opted for that one since she did an amazing job at describing it. After being so hungry, you'd think that I'd love whatever food I would get my way!Unfortunately the only thing good about my dish, was the server's description of it. The dish was half of a chicken, with every single bone and skin still in there, on top of rice. There were 2 tiny pieces of vegetables (which I couldn't even distinguish) to a side. The chicken was spiced ok (hot but not too much) but it was extremely DRY and a giant pain to cut up. After literally struggling with my dish for 20mins, I became frustrated and annoyed, especially since every piece that I successfully managed to cut off the bone wasn't even that pleasing to the taste. The rice was just A-OK (not particular flavor) and the dish just seemed like a regretful choice. To make things worse, upon getting my receipt I see that my chicken "special" is $18.50, whereas the chicken entre on the menu (which is identical) is $13. That's it. This restaurant is trying too hard to be fancy but not even delivering the quality and taste that a fancy restaurant should have.Just come here for drinks, do yourselves a favor and eat elsewhere.
4	Update; grilled calamari is still on the menu but no longer served.
5	Wow, my husband and I were beyond impressed. Drinks are delicious and the the food so amazing. I had the special, which was a red snapper. Easily the best fish I have ever had. And in Arizona, too funny! Stellar!!!
4	Rum Bar stands as one of the few places that transports you in terms of a cocktail lounge. I still have not found a place downtown that rivals the way in which Rum Bar focuses on its handcrafted cocktails and creating an atmosphere that is seductively easy to find yourself chatting with other patrons while also ruminating on your own thoughts. I had really written off rum in terms of my imbibing repertoire because it often is done too saccharinely sweet and violently colored meant to get club drunk. Rum Bar wiped this away. The progression of drinks and their sophistication in terms of flavor profiles and what they do to showcase the sheer diversity and variety of rum is uncanny and intoxicating. The bartenders literally pull you into an experience that allows you to feel for a your short stint sipping that you might actually be shacked up in the Caribbean.In order to indulge in this experience, it does demand that you spend more per cocktail but the quality is unparalleled that's why I suggest swinging by this place between 5-7pm to snag the happy hour. Remember the entire establishment creates intimacy and for that reason it easily gets filled fast and is better for not too large parties rolling through for the richness of rum. Reservations are key on busier nights and the small patio helps to only further the Caribbean vibe.Also, not particularly a problem for me and actually a plus is the fact that for AZ it does have a dress code. Personally, if you think you can wear a ripped muscle tee to an elevated boozing establishment you might be a little ridiculous to begin with aka no post gym/ fake post gym active wear sporting. If you want a more casual atmosphere this would not be the choice for you. It is carefree inducing but not casual by any means and therefore, demands that you have to deal with some of the hangups and restrictions that come with this type of cocktail cruising.
5	i really really like this place...the seating area isnt that big,but has a friendly feel.The chutney that is accompanied with most of the meals is great. I tried the Jamaican beer and was a instant fan
5	The rum punch is ridiculously AMAZING! At $5 a glass during happy hour, it just keeps you wanting more and more and more....
4	Took some friends from northwest Scottsdale. Wanted to show off the convenience of living downtown and walking to restruants! Had drinks that were excellent with a wide variety of rum recipes . Service was friendly and very professional. We ordered appetizer and entre ,all great seafood dishes. It was fresh and well prepared however the jerk rubbed items were all too hot to enjoy. It would get five stars if it was food that was not so hot that you could not taste it.
4	This was a perfect date night after a horrible week of not seeing my husband due to his job.We knew we wanted to go out for dinner and Breadfruit has been on my list of places to go since we moved here.  Finally, tonight was the night;  we decided to go.We didn't have a reservation but went around 5:30.  Early dinners suit us.They seated us outside; tonight was perfect for it.  Around 80 degrees and amazing.  NO chill, just perfect and comfortable.Rum punch so good! Scallops delicious (we shared them).  I had the lobster, he had the house special, red snapper.  We were both very happy with our meals.  The portions were perfect.  We love experiencing more flavors and high quality food over large portions.  I love leaving a meal not feeling stuffed, but perfect content.  This was that feeling.All the drinks, which came recommended by our great server, were smooth and oh so good.  (the coconut bread pudding was also very yummy and crisp on the outside and soft on the inside; i wanted a little something like creme fraiche or a small bit of ice cream for it, but it was very good on it's own)I would certainly return again, but it was definitely a splurge.  But a very happy splurge. :)
5	The best cocktails in Phoenix. Great back patio to sit and sip an amazing drink.  The ingredients of each drink are very thought out. No fake sugary mixes are used. At times it  seems like and uppity crowd but that doesn't matter once you try a cocktail.  Sit back, chill and listen to some reggae. The Tamarind Ball and the Handcart are my favorite drinks.
4	Quaint, relaxing bar in downtown Phoenix attached to the Breadfruit!  You better like rum though...options are quite limited if you don't.  I tried the special punch of the day and it was delicious, but they had me at strawberry.
4	There are very few places around downtown to have a drink and cigar, but this is one of them. Stocked by Churchill's cigars; a local cigar shop, Rum Bar has a reasonable selection of about eight or ten cigars and a bar full of rum and a mixologist to go with it. If you're into rum drinks this is also one of the best spots in town to get one.There are definitely a handful of shops in the area you can pick up a cigar, but none of them are open past 8 or 9 pm, and none of them will serve you a cocktail while you smoke. When I'm out with the pals and in the mood for a cigar, it's generally not before 8 pm. You've got to have a bit of forethought for that, and I'm rarely blamed for foreword thinking, that's for sure. Sure the drinks are premium priced, and the cigars too, but this is the spot when you're looking to pair them up.Note that smoking is only on their outdoor patio, and not in an inside lounge. It would be nice to find a spot with an inside smoking lounge in the downtown area, but beggars can't be choosers, right? :-/Happy Yelping Phoenix, see you around downtown!
3	This isn't a "Jamaican spot". It's more like Fusion cuisine. And it's good for what it is, but it's not what I wanted. I just wanted a plate of Jamaican food, similar to what id get in a spot in Brooklyn.. This place is fancy, and they do a good job at that. They fit in well with what downtown phoenix is becoming. I got the scallops, it came with some spinach carrot mix. It was plated very well, presentation was A1.   Ambiance is very well executed. I think the prices are high, but then again I expected the type of Jamaican spot I'm used too, this place isn't that, but it is nice place to go out on a date. Somewhere where you would expect to pay about 40-45 dollars for dinner. I spent $13 plus tip for 2 scallops and a small veg medley and was still hungry.  In the future I'll find a hood Jamaican spot and get a full plate for $9
5	The breadfruit was amazing.  A little on the expensive side ($80 for dinner for 2, 2 drinks each, and an app) but it is worth every penny.  Service was great,  drinks were some of the best I have ever had, and jerk chicken was so tasty. We will be back!
5	This place was amazing!  My friends and I started a dinner club and this was the pick for our inaugural meeting.  (I will refer to my friends as J and S.)  We sat outside on the patio and I recommend that if you visit when it's not too hot.I ordered the Tofu Curry with Jasmine Rice and Plantain.  It was amazing! I usually don't like coconut curry but this was very good.  I will definitely order it again.J ordered the Jerk Shrimp with pineapple, corn and breadstick.  We had read that the jerk seasoning is very hot and we were warned!  Inferno is a good way to describe it.  I LOVE hot food so I didn't mind it at all when I tried it. J paired the shrimp with the pineapple and found that it toned down the spicy to a manageable level and was a "delightful combination".  I tried a bit of the breadstick and it was a sweet bread which was great to balance out the spiciness of the jerk shrimp.S ordered the Molasses chicken lollipops with red potatoes.  When her order arrived we all agreed that "lollipops" was an excellent description because the dish looked exactly like we expected.  I asked S for her opinion and she said "the meat was good and the molasses added a nice sweet flavor that went with the name lollipop but was borderline overpowering. The potatoes were good as were the vegetables but I could have used more than 3 veggies on the plate."  We all ordered the rum punch which is different every time.  This night it was a raspberry pink blend.  I enjoyed it so much I had two!We were warned that the portion sizes are smaller than other places.  The prices are higher than other places in the area but I believe that you get what you pay for.  I think that the quality of the food justified the prices.  Our waitress Margaret hit the sweet spot between being attentive without hovering.  She was very knowledgeable about the menu and gave good recommendations.
2	I wasn't that impressed with the drinks. And I tried the food to be so-so, nothing that knocked my socks off. Service was hit or miss. I had to keep flagging down our server to get another drink or put in an order of food.I don't think i'd ever go back again.
5	In Phoenix for a few nights and checked this place out. Started with a drink that was recommended by the server, I believe the name of it had the word "punch" in it. Would definitely recommend it if you are looking for something that is not too sweet. Atmosphere is great for a "date night" but considering we had an infant with us, I would leave the kiddies at home (I know that may be common sense, but since we are out of towners, our little one had to come).  Tried the avocado and plantains appetizer which was very unique. Who would think to add these two items together?  Brilliant.  My husband tried the jerk pulled pork and if you like food with a kick, I would try something different and give this a try, as it will give you a kick!  Ended my meal with a butter drink of some sort, which was dessert in liquid form.  A creamy liqueur drink, but well work it.  Left off the sweet potato pudding dessert which also was unique and quite delicious.  All these items were recommended by the server, so A+ for the recommendations and listening to my likes in order to find the perfect matches from the menu.  Great date night restaurant and I would recommend sitting outside on a nice warm evening!
4	Great place!! Amazing cocktails, good food and nice atmosphere. My fiance had the goat which was awesome, I ordered the lobster which was a little disappointing, small portion and a tad fishy. But overall definitely a place worth checking out if you're in the Phoenix area.
2	This place has potential (good ambience and location, adorable bathroom sink) but our waitress was rude/condescending and the drinks were over-priced.
4	I will be back for the Hot Buttered Rum cocktail for sure! Our group enjoyed a taste from the Punch Bowl and it was quite delicious. A pomegranate, black cherry, maple concoction was served and I was worried it might be too sweet but it packed a lot of flavor, and a good 'punch', haha! Sometimes a pre-mixed drink special at restaurants are either too sweet, watered down, or possibly even too strong. This one was delightful. A couple in our group ordered a 2nd cocktail: Hot Buttered Rum. I enjoyed a sip and it was sooo good! On the next chilly night downtown I will be back to partake a glass or two. I learned you can also enjoy a cigar here and I have to say I don't recall the place wreaking of cigar smoke so that's a plus if you're worried about leaving with a cigar smoke smell on your clothes.Drinks were a bit pricey but the quality of what I tasted was great and I loved the ambiance. Dim lighting, chill, quiet. Perfect for a date night.
2	over priced and not that good...liked the setting but the food really was not up to par. Had the scallops, lobster and fresh fish of the day..Lobster was very very small and way over cooked. The fresh fish was not so fresh and was burned (not blackened but honestly burned). Only redeeming factor was the cocktails. Sorry guys!
2	Overpriced, especially the drinks. Had a reservation, and asked to sit outside, but were told no, even though the seats outside remained empty the whole time we were dining. Asked for less ice in my $10.00 drink (yes, ten dollars for one drink that was all ice, no drink) and was told no- that the bartenders could not do that because the drinks were measured 'perfectly'. Food was ok, nothing special that I couldn't make at home.
3	Food is great and Caribbean authentic. Deserts are not the best at all. Lots of rum... which is pretty cool. It is very expensive for what it is. I wouldnt do it often but its cool once
3	I wanted so much to LOVE this place.. But it just didn't happen for me. I think upon entrance of the restaurant and less than warm greeting (mind you they weren't even busy).. I was like *sigh*We had the rum glazed prawns and roti flatbread which was the tastiest of our selections. We then had the plantains and chutney dip, escovitch fish and festival (entire whole snapper), and I had some sort of soup. I wanted more flavor, more authenticity. Everything was just okay and for the price, I would have expected more.
5	If you like fresh locally grown with just the right mix of flavors, here's another favorite of mine.  It just keeps getting better each time I go.  This well respected establishment takes pride and genuinely cares about the food they are serving.  -Curried Tofu -Scallops -Patties (tilapia) -Brown Stew Chicken -Carrot juice" it's addictingThe Breadfruit focuses on Caribbean dishes in Phoenix, using locally grown, fresh organic produce.  The restaurant itself is small, but they've expanded by adding a Rum bar.  Everything is freshly squeezed and they have the drink of the day.  For the after dinner cigar smokers, there is a cigar bar where you can enjoy your cocktail and smoke your cigar.The owner's of this establishment are very friendly and it's almost as if you are dining at their own home.  Everything is cooked to order so you can enjoy a great experience.Chef Danielle was just in the AZ Republic as one of the top Chef's in Arizona!
3	The Breadfruit has a great decor and location and is a perfect spot for tasty cocktails but if you are looking for dinner, the Breadfrult is a disappointment. As others have noted there is no host of any kind so even with a reservation you stand around awkwardly waiting to be seated by someone. The food has good spice but I found dishes way too sweet and portions are astoundingly tiny on the whole. The jerk chicken was the exception, tasty and well proportioned with tasty beans and rice. I hope they work on the hosting and tweak the menu a bit because the decor is lovely and you can tell the place is a labor of love.
2	Reserved a table for a birthday.Got to the venue, they had no idea who we were neither a table readyFood was ok, Rum was great.Note: they do not split bills and charge you $2 per plate if you bring a birthday - they almost refused allowing us to eat the cake in the restaurant incase it "contaminated" their food?
2	I SOOOO wanted to love this place.  We used to have this great Jamaican place around the corner in Chicago, and were really looking forward to those flavors.  They were very attentive when we arrived, and I thought, this will be swell.....  Then we met our server.  This place is not very big and our server, who didn't seem to know what he was talking about (how's the fish, it's yummy.  how's the short ribs, so good.  not helpful), was LOUD.  He seemed really overworked which I cannot understand because there are only like 10 tables in the whole place and there were others working...Starter - we had the Prawns and Roti.  They were amazingly good.  One criticism - when they say prawn, they just mean bigger than average shrimp. I understand this is common in certain areas of the US and the rest of the world, but the starter was slightly different than we expected.  Nonetheless, it tasted amazing.We had the rum punch of the day to drink - VERY tasty.  I would go back just to have the "prawns" and rum punch.Dinner - I ordered the short rib stew - their take on a beef stew, essentially.  It was VERY tasty.  Really, I could've eaten more.  No really.  I wish they had given me more.  The portion was smaller than I expected for the price.  The flavor was nice - and spicy - and amazing - but I still hadn't tasted anything that reminded me of the Jamaican food I had back in Chicago.  I know that doesn't necessarily mean anything, but...Todd had the Mussels.  These should really be on the starter menu.  I'm not sure how someone can make a meal out of 10-15 mussels.  There's no side and two small pieces of bread.  Again, for the price, it seemed strange.  Also - while the mussels were tasty and wonderful, they were larger than normal, and neither of us cares for the larger mussels.We were not thrilled, and for a birthday celebration, it was underwhelming, but we had a nice time (because the company was good).  I'm just not sure our experience was worth the money we spent.
4	Let me tell ya, Breadfuit has really got my goat.   No, really...they offer a local Mountain Goat dish on their menu.  Offering meats and produce from local (or at least from sustainable) farms, this snug retreat has you loungin' you in da island, mon.Arriving in a sand-colored, seemingly residential area, I was surprised to see the glowing "RUM" sign.  Eureka - I was in the right place.  Nautical ropes lead you to the front door, opening on the lounge area and impressive rum collection (over 100 varieties, in fact!). Cozying up in the corner to get a good shot for you lovely Yelpers, and someone (possibly staff?) proceeded to ignore my positioning and squashed me between the door and the brick wall.   - eiy.  After I got over my self-importance, I complimented the rum punch bowl and followed our waiter, Ryan, to our table-pour-duo.  At 8pm on a Wednesday night, we were two of five people in the joint (which is good, because it's a pretty small space).Setting to the menu, I had to hold back my surprise (the prices before me were a bit higher than the online menu).  Nonetheless, I knew what my order was destined to be: the Blue Mountain Curried Goat (with farm veg, Blue Mountain curry marinade, and basmati rice $22).  When do you get that opportunity in New England??!  The dish was flavorful (sweet and spicy and plate-licking GOOD!) and plentiful....but I doubt that you'd be able to resist the temptation to scoop up every last bite.Not into goat?  How about Rum? - The cocktail menu is just how I like it: in courses!  Each concoction offers freshly squeezed juices, tonic made in-house (like...soda stream?), aaaaand massive blocks of ice (sucks up a lot of space in the glass, but at least you don't have to worry about ice chip avalanche when you're going for the last drops of your bev).  The Fifth & Company : a ginger brew + raspberry + bergamot essence + Mt. Gay Eclipse rum ($10).  Off the cuff, I was unimpressed (10$ for *maybe* 6oz of cocktail??  That's steep, even for Boston standards).  But sipped over the course of the evening, I found it to be a pleasant surprise of a beverage.  Sweet / tangy / zippy sips - totally worth it.Full from the goat, I almost passed up on dessert (thank goodness my dining partner talked me out of THAT mistake).  We ordered the Jamaican puddin' pie (NO 'G'!) with rum-infused whipped cream.  It was a small sliver of a slice, but the custard-like pie was sweet and filling (can I take a tub of that whip to go?).  All in all, a great dinner (albeit, a pricey one - about $90 for two) with an excellent cocktail.  The lounge space is large enough to prevent crowding, yet small enough to create that warm intimate feel that warms you right up.  A great choice for a private party, or a relaxed semi-casual first date - - - if you can find the place.  Order up the Mollasses Fried Lollipops (chicken lollies?!) and let me know how they are!
5	One of my favorite places to get drinks! They have a different daily punch and some really inventive rum cocktails, not what you expect.
1	Excited about my first dining experience today at the breadfruit at 108 E Pierce St downtown Phoenix. Learned about the establishment while researching  suggested restaurants from my companies vendor for a large group coming to town in March. Was told at 6:10pm that there was a two hour wait and that it's best to make a reservation before dining. Well of course I was not going to wait two hours to eat dinner. So we left. Then it hit me, the white couple in front of us that arrived at the same time wasn't leaving nor did they have reservations. Why were they staying and we weren't?!?! So at 6:17pm I called the restaurant from my car to make a 7pm reservation. The same person, Dwayne (who said he was the owner) told me he could accommodate us at 7:30pm. Definitely not two hours. Maybe my voice didn't sound Black like my face looked. What a huge let down!!! I will do my best to spread the word about my unfortunate experience at breadfruit.
2	Came here with some friends for drinks the other night.  Every single cocktail we got was fantastic and we ordered 1 each from the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd course in that order. We had the Rum Punch, Apple 'onia, and Hot buttered rum. Lucas, our waiter, was very prompt and recommended some darn good drinks.Now for the not-so-good.  And for this section I rename the place Upper Bread Crust Rum Lounge. Allow me to explain. Our group of 7 was very diverse and we found the gentleman, who showed us to our seats, to be very judgemental.  He accused one of us of smelling "funny" and almost did not let us in despite a reservation! We were allowed in and were seated in the back cigar lounge. My wife and I visit a local Phoenix restaurant every weekend and never have we experienced this kind of treatment. Finally, our seating location in the back also seemed to be the main travel path for the staff taking out trash and bringing in ingredients.  We felt like we were in their way as we socialized, interrupted several times with rude "Excuse me's". We won't be going back simply due to judgemental and rude staff.
1	Womp womp.Pros: the cocktails really are great, and if you're there on a less-than-busy night the bartenders are very helpful and attentive.Cons: the man who seats patrons and takes reservations is made of ice. I've had  run ins with him before, but the most recent visit has convinced me to stop trying. He was very short with our party of two, as well as the other small parties before and after us. Once we were seated no one stopped by for over 15 minutes. For anything. Not water, not "I'll be right with you", nothing. It was as if we weren't there at all. It was a decent night for them, about half full. On our side (bar) there were two other people sitting at the bench by the window. At one point, two men walked through the bar and attempted to enter the restaurant in order to pass along a message to some friends eating dinner when they were stopped by the host and asked to leave as "this is a very small establishment and there is no room for you". The men handled it well, joking after the server walked away that apparently the place was "at critical mass". My companion and I waited a few more minutes, trying to appear as hungry and thirsty as possible, and then eventually gave up and walked out.I recommend walking around the corner to Pomo.
4	Cute and cozy atmosphere and I like restaurants where the kitchen is exposed. The jerk chicken was very tender and I liked the coconut rice it came with.  I would definetly come back!
3	Tasty Jamaican food and delicious fruity drinks, but overpriced for the fare/atmosphere.  Service just ok.  The back patio is really nice, but there are so many wonderful places to eat downtown...I'd skip this one.
1	*update* after posting this review I got word they were talking about it on FB. I posted a screen shot of their FB post and I think it sums up the exact issues we had with their service. Very rude* we had a nice server so he is mostly excluded from this review. the rest of the experience was really disappointing and our whole party wished we would have left and gone somewhere else all because of how things started off. let me just say this place was practically empty the whole time we were there. there were a few people but most tables were empty. it was a pretty early dinner reservation. we originally only had 6 people confirmed for dinner the night of my birthday celebration but we had 4 more people confirm last minute. we called as soon as The Breadfruit opened to see about extending our reservation. They told us they would only accommodate groups of 6. this was a huge pain bc it was an hour before our reservations and people were already on their way. we were able to convince them to reserve a 2nd table next to ours on the patio so we would all fit and be able to sit near each other. Only after they confirmed we'd be ordering alcohol in addition to our meals of course. upon arriving we realized we had the whole patio to ourselves and if we pushed the tables together we would all be able to fit comfortably together with room for another table on the patio should they have more diners. we asked if we could push our tables together and they were very snotty telling us we were basically lucky that they even agreed to accommodate us to begin with and the set up they created was our only option. we should bow down and kiss their feet for taking us at all. like seriously?! you can't make any exceptions?! it would be one thing for us to suck it up if it clearly wasn't possible but it was totally possible for us all to sit together without changing a dang thing to the outside set up. it doesn't change anything!!!  our group could have sat together for crying out loud. it was totally possible. so stubborn and rude. so that really set the mood for all of us. if we thought someplace nearby could accommodate a group of 10 last minute we would have pimp walked outta there. but we endured it, tried to get past it for the sake of the meal and enjoyed all of their tasty drinks and the food was good. i loved their pina colada redux. the spring rolls were super boring flavor wise and left me thinking "what the heck, yelpers?! why did so many people recommend this?". my jerk chicken was tasty. about 95% of our group smokes so after the meal they went to the back area to have a smoke(it sounded like they had a nice area just for this). the servers chased everyone down in the smoking area and tried handing them the bill while they were back there enjoying themselves making things really weird. while the majority of the group was in the back smoking area they served me a free birthday dessert which was awkward bc shouldn't you do that when the whole party is around? they knew most of my party was out back seeing as how they chased them down with the checks. i blew out the candle and the few of us sitting there tasted it. it was one of the grossest things ever so thankfully it was free. it was a really sweet gesture though (but just fyi...dont order the potato dessert pie or whatever its called. better known as barf pie. i totally understand why they give that one away for free. no one would pay for that. just saying). but still, really kind birthday gesture. *ok, after reading some other reviews you people are loving this sweet potato pie. i am officially convinced they served us a rotten piece on purpose*they don't usually let people split the check (we noticed this printed at the bottom of the menu) but our nice server offered to let us... only he made us divide everything up for him. i mean, isn't that his job? i get that it isn't normally allowed but he offered and it would have been really nice for him to divide it up for us. plus the restaurant was not busy and we spent a lot of money on food and drinks. it's the least they could have done but they apparently hate accommodating customers or providing an enjoyable dining experience for larger groups. this behavior would be acceptable at applebees or something. ugh whatever we were just so ready to get the heck out of there bc we were so clearly not welcome.i def won't be back and i know most of my party will not be back based on this experience. this place really is only good for super small, intimate settings. i wouldn't recommend going here with more than 4 people. they make it known that they don't really want you there if there are more than 4 of you anyway so be prepared to have a horrible time if you're with a group.Also, you can't even order breadfruit at the breadfruit.
5	The best restaurant in Phoenix/ One of the best restaurants in the country. The food, cocktails and ambiance is unparalleled. Do not miss
5	Upon reading some of these reviews I thought I had walked into the wrong place. It is an intimate, higher end dining establishment. Not an Applebee's or some drunk "woo girl" Scottsdale bar. It sounded like the person who went before us was looking for the waiting service to come out and sing happy birthday. I've been hard pressed to find anywhere else in Arizona with this combination of concept and execution. The wait staff was informative and insightful. The food is ALWAYS fresh and the menu is constantly evolving. I HIGHLY recommend the seared scallop appetizer to start the night. You won't regret it! The classic, Jerk Chicken Off the Bone is everything you're looking for in a Jamaican dish. The fresh cabbage slaw that accompanies the chicken provided the citrusy contrast that you need to elevate the spiciness of the dish. They coconut curry tofu is packed with island flavor and is great for the vegetarians out there. And for desert, get the sweet potato pie!
1	I didn't feel this place was the real deal. I go to Jamaica fairly often and have eaten at some really great restaurants in New York and Los Angeles.  When I asked the host , (part owner?) Why there were no jerk wings on the appertizer menu, he decided to give me a cultural lecture on how in his country jamaicans eat the whole bird.  Not sure what that had to do with my question.  But anyway, the food was tasty but weak, just like the drinks.  Hard for me to take any Jamaican restaurant seriously with no jerk wings on the menu. I mean really?  Overpriced for amount of food you get as well.  Also overrated
3	Great ambiance. Knowledgable servers. Not impressed by the menu selection. Curry goat was tasty. Curry chicken fell short. Drinks were a new experience. Very good tho.
5	Tuesday night party of four. Service was amazing and drinks were on point. Waiter knew every detail of the menu and we took his recommendations.3/4 of us order the jerk pork. OMG it was the best jerk pork and polenta we've had. We were worried about having Jamaican food in Phoenix but this placed killed it. Excited to go back and see what the weekend vibe is like at rum bar. Overall highly recommend for out of towners great atmosphere great location!
5	We don't venture downtown often - but when we do, it is our 'go to' place.  There's never a question.  Great atmosphere.  Wonderful food.  It's not hit or miss....it's a hit EVERY time.
1	I'm a huge fan of Jamaican food having a really good friend from the island that spoils me with authentic recipes that have passed down through generation in his family and traveling all over the world my palette is internationally known lol! Back to the story, needless to say my taste buds were going crazy with expectation! Well dannng, my girlfriend and I stood at the podium long enough to pull up Yelp and read several mixed reviews, since we had been noticed yet NO ONE was coming over to greet us we started toward the empty bar with one guy seated and a totally empty lounge area when we noticed the sign, "Please wait for server to be seared including the bar". So we waited and waited and waited until someone- anyone would make eye contact with us, finally a waitress approached us and asked if we have a reservation, I snickered like really, my girlfriend said no we do not and she stated it would be a wait haha okaaaay so we waited only shortly though. Once at the table we began browsing the drink menu in search of the Jamaican rum Wray&Nephew which they did so cool now as for the menu, we both noticed the absence of jerk wings hmm we thought maybe we'll ask our server. The server approached our table with a mouthful of the day's special selection and a great grasp of the menu, very impressive so we ordered Admiral's Punch and some starters: She had the Roasted Plantains with Chutney dip and I had the Baked Mango Fish Rolls. The plantains were soft not crisp and void of flavor as for my fish rolls they were pretty good but the fish was over cooked. The drinks were a bit weak until we added shots of Wray&Nephew. So as we sat sipping, a man stopped by our table and asked if we were enjoying our food, we looked at each other and she asked why jerk wings weren't served on the starter menu. The islander became very defensive explaining "his island eats the whole bird not just part of it", my girlfriend rebutted, having spent a lot of time in Jamaica feasting on local island cuisine as well as falling in love with the jerk wings! Wellll this stuck a nerve and to be quite honest I don't think he was expecting a real reply to his question just pretending to care. Needless to say, in life you meet some people that try so hard to upscale their image that they lose the true essence of their identity! Oh and he was rude because he kept wanting to rush off as if the place was packed lol! WARNING:  the only people that would be impressed by the food are those that have never truly experienced "real"Jamaican cuisine. And to think their "philosophy: Our philosophy is that good food should be good to eat...", my point exactly!In case you're wondering the one star was for having actual Jamaican rum!
5	Checked this place out tonight and was blown away by how incredible this place is. The drinks are unique and have a variety of rums to choose from (rum is the only liquor they carry from what i understand.)The food phenomenal as well. I ordered the avocado spring rolls, catch the day (which was salmon), and the jerk pork. Each had a unique flavor. For dessert the chocolate creme brule was recommended to us and enjoyed every last bite.Service was excellent. Our waiter was knowledgeable about the menu and gave excellent recommendations, as it was our first time. I would highly recommend trying this place. Perfect for small groups or dates.
5	Fantastic drinks and cuisine that goes above and beyond whatever "resort food" you've had in Jamaica! My Jerk Pork was fantastic. Sweet and savory with just the right amount of heat. And I really enjoyed the brussels sprouts that accompanied the dish. And I *hate* brussels sprouts. Seriously. I've tried them at some of the fanciest restaurants ever, and I've always despised them. I have no idea what Dwayne's chefs do to make them not only edible, but fantastic!My wife had the red snapper, which she found a little disconcerting as it was served whole. However, the preparation and spicing were perfect, and any initial trepidation was quickly removed with the first bite. It was served with some sweet-ish bread and a pickled dipping sauce. Outstanding.We sat at the bar where we were expertly taken care of by a busy bartender. Neither of us are huge rum aficionados, but he found the perfect cocktail (or three) that no only fit our palates, but exquisitely paired with our dishes.Breadfruit is a small and intimate setting. If you're in a hurry, it's probably not for you. If you're looking for an extensive menu or have food "issues" or non-adventurous tastebuds, it's probably not for you. And if you're trying to re-create that one time you went to Jamaica a decade ago, head back to Sandals. But you can bet that we'll be back. There are still plenty of experiences to be had!
3	Not many Jamaican restaurants around so our group thought it sounded interesting.  We had a reservation for 7:00 p.m. on a Saturday night which was confirmed the day before and they told us they were going to place us at the high top table in the bar.  We arrived on time and the restaurant was crowded. We noticed there was another group seated at our table.  We were a little annoyed that we had to wait 20 minutes until this group left and they cleared the table.  There was no apology, no explanation.    My friend who only drinks Vodka was not happy that they only had rum and wine.   The food was alright but no one in the group was raving about any of it, and it was pricey.
4	The food was good just too salty. I had the jerk pork and polenta. Too salty. I drank 3 cups of water. The environment was nice. Just the service was too slow.
3	its a nice place. the rum bar makes an 'ol fashioned' (with rum) that i had never had. it was pretty good... cant really say the same about the food though. it was 'ok'. im jamaican expected better. the portions were very small for the price. i'll probably go back and try it 1 more time... or at least for drinks. *kanye shrug*
3	Usually when you make reservations you expect to get in quicker, but when we arrived, 2 of our party of 5, were delayed in traffic.  Imagine our surprise & consternation when we were told we would NOT be seated until everyone was there.  The 3 of us could have been ordering drinks & enjoying appetizers.  Oh well.  While waiting outside I observed quite a few people similarly waiting and many empty tables, which didn't make sense to me.  So, first off, plan on being a tad irritated by the time you get to your table. (this would SEEM to be a major problem, but in spite of all the reviews complaining of this bottleneck problem, it continues)I liked my meal, but in my defense I must say I have never had Jamaican cuisine before.  Still, I enjoyed it.  Everyone at our table was happy with their food, but it was a bit pricey and it was VERY noisy at our table. Conversation was almost impossible.  I don't know how that would work with that "intimate" scenario they are trying to create.Our waiter was excellent, but he failed to mention the automatic 20% gratuity added to all bills for parties of 5 or more.  Seems like he should have, of course that might have cut back on his evenings "haul".All in all, it was not such a relaxing evening.  When I think of Jamaica, I sure don't think of rigid rules and an unbending attitude toward life's little bumps, and the phrase "Don't worry, be happy" never came to mind.
4	We ended up coming here for dinner and drinks before our flight back to New York from the Phoenix airport. Needless to say we had suitcases with us, and they were more than accommodating. They sat us at a table that had a little extra room by it so we had space to put our bags...they didn't make us feel like a burden, which we really appreciated. Having said that, the servers definitely get a perfect ten for hospitality. Our waiter even showed us some dishes he carried out for other tables to show us what it was. Such a nice touch! Now for the best part, THE FOOD. Let me tell you that I have had very authentic Caribbean food on quite a few islands and this was wonderfully prepared. Thoughtful dishes with a perfect blend of spices and sauce. The desert was fantastic too. No matter what you order on the menu you must order a cocktail (if you don't drink they have some beautiful looking non-alcoholic drinks as well). They really know how to make a unique drink! The only downside was that the happy hour didn't apply at the tables, just the bar. I know a ton of restaurants do this and it's not like they're the only one, but still a bummer.
1	Was excited to dine here, until the host in the fedora was extremely rude. Judgmental, curt, and unwelcoming, maybe next time will be a better experience--we left before finding out.
5	I went to the Rumbar for the first time yesterday and I was not disappointed. The bar staff was the epitome of mixology. I could have spent a few hours watching them expertly craft drinks alone.  They have one drink (The Shorty) that requires lighting a sage leaf on fire then covering it with a glass to add smoke flavor to it. Pure genius! Whomever came up with these recipes...  I applaud you.
4	This place is an absolute gem in downtown Phoenix. It's slightly hidden off 1st, but well worth a visit. The selection of rums is fantastic. Definitely try some of the flights...you will not be disappointed.
4	Do the drink courses! Staff and atmosphere are superb. I only sit at the bar so I can watch the bartender masters create the awesomeness that are their drinks. Food was superb but I go there for the drinks and atmosphere.
1	Terrible service, the items on the menu were not accurate, and they included I've 20% gratuity on the bill for only a party of 5. When we ordered drinks we were told thy don't serve iced tea. When we inquired about the spice level of the food wee were curtly told there were no substitutions. One member in our party ordered the coconut mackerel, it was some type of giant dimpling covered with what may or not have been chopped up pieces of what the server told is was fish. Another ordered a mojito and it did not have alcohol on it. I ordered the jerk chicken only to be told on weekends they don't serve it and I could have street chicken instead, it was dry and the rice was mediocre. The atmosphere is cute but the service is terrible and the food mediocre.
2	Disappointed.  I was really looking forward to eating Jamaican food and had been craving it. My husband was excited to try jamaican food for the first time.When I asked if I could have white rice instead of rice and peas, I was told the chef didn't alter the menu. What I ended up ordering was the nastiest thing ever. Some weird shredded beef.  The plaintains weren't even cooked all the way and were a bit raw. My husband's food was just as bad. We were so pissed that we wasted $50 when we could've gone to a real authentic jamaican restaurant! Only reason I'm giving it a 2 star is because our server was great.Never again!
5	Nice atmosphere and a cozy little dining room, the food was exactly what we were looking for to satisfy our craving for Caribbean. I thought it was a little on the pricey side, but overall it was a great experience.
5	I wish I could come here for the cocktails weekly. They have a mixed punch that changes daily. The bartenders are dressed old school in a black vest with a white shirt. The bar has fresh herbs and homemade tinctures for their drinks. My boyfriend and I went here and had two drinks each. The bartender was very helpful in helping us decide which ones to try. However, I heard their drink menu has changed recently. If I am in the arts district again then I will def go to this place. The only downfall is that everything is so yummy that your bills adds up before you know it.
5	Amazing cocktail program!  You can tell they have been doing if for a long time, not just because it's now a trend. Food was awesome and very intensely seasoned. Cute ambiance. Really felt like I was out of Phoenix. The whole experience made me feel like I was in the Caribbean.
2	Such a regret. The host treated us as were an unconvinced to this restaurant. Negative behavior from all the staff and restrictions all the way. My friends (group of 3) walked to the bar, and asked for a drink the host moved us to the patio because we didn't had a reservation. We were the only ones at the patio and it took 20 min for a waitress  to come out and take our order.
3	I liked breadfruit and the concept of Caribbean food.  But the food is really healthy and is missing some Jamaican flavor. Also the food takes a really long time to come out. I got the jerk chicken. It was a large dry chicken breast but it did have flavor. My recommendation is try it if you want some food that is different. Just don't think you are eating true Caribbean food.
4	Impeccable Service, Authentic Food!  I was SOOOOO looking forward to a REAL MOJITO, but, sadly,  there's a serious Lime shortage! Next time,  & there WILL be a next time,  I'll stop by Sprouts &  bring my own Limes!
5	I really love this place. The craft cocktails are all wonderful, it's hard to hold yourself back when you want to try them all. As the name implies, they only serve rum based drinks, but the amount of thought that goes into every ingredient they add really makes them all shine. Speaking of rum, if you're used to Malibu, captain Morgan's, and Bacardi, you're going to be surprised that there's a whole other world of amazing rums not like anything you find in a typical grocery store. If you don't like rum you haven't been to rum bar. The food is also really tasty. Most of it is pretty carb heavy but I'll break my diet to come here. The jerk chicken is spicy and flavorful, and if you're looking to splurge the lobster is excellent. I try to come here at least once a week.
3	The Breadfruit, as it is now, makes me sad.  Sweet Pea and I were early Breadfruit adopters, back when there weren't dozens of great restaurants downtown, back when it was a tiny place with no liquor license where you could BYOB, sit with 10 or so other people, and watch one guy cook your dinner.  Breadfruit has changed a lot, and not for the better.I suggested Breadfruit for dinner before an event because we hadn't been there in a year at least, and Sweet Pea loves the Jerk Chicken, and I love the Coconut Curried Tofu.  So we get there, and like 3 separate people asked us if we have a reservation.  It hadn't even occurred to me to make a reservation for 6pm, even on a Saturday night, but the place was full.  After they told us that it will either be an HOUR for a table, or we can sit at the bar, we decided to sit at the bar since our event started at 7:30pm, and I generally don't mind eating at the bar anyway.  Unfortunately we ended up with me sitting on the end by the service well so it was sub-optimal.  Also, when I picked up the drink menu, there was a dead moth underneath that I had to brush away.The bartender poured us some waters and asked us if we've been there, and we said yes.  Then Sweet Pea ordered a Dark and Stormy, which is a very typical rum drink, this being a rum bar and all.  The bartender says "uh, we like to keep it on-menu...have you been here before?"  AWKWARD.  No, we were lying.  We explained that we had, but that it had been awhile, and then we felt like crap.  After all the "do you have reservations" inquiries and now this, we felt unwelcome and out of place.  Rearding the Dark and Stormy, ever since they opened Rum Bar, they've been all uppity about their rum drink menu.  I have been there and tried to order a rum and diet and been smacked down hard because G-d forbid they serve such a pollutant as DIET COKE with their beloved rum.  Whatever.  But a Dark and Stormy is a CLASSIC rum cocktail!  The best they could offer Sweet Pea "if he likes Dark and Stormys " was a mojito which is NOTHING like a dark and stormy!  He got it, and I tasted it, and honestly it may be the best mojito I've ever had.  But still.  I tried to order an iced tea, but they didn't have that either.  I considered sparkling water but noticed it listed on the beverage menu, like all the rums, with its country of origin (Mexico) and decided against it.  We ordered the Plantain Avocado Spring Rolls to split.  Then Sweet Pea tried to order the Jerk Chicken which has to be most peoples' main reason to go to a Jamaican restaurant, but they told him they don't have it, although it's on the menu.  What they did offer instead was a half chicken something or other, which is not on the menu, but is $5 more and doesn't even have jerk spice.  He decided to order the Jerk Pork and Polenta instead.  The Spring Rolls were pretty pedestrian (and small at 2 rolls split in half for $10), and it just made us miss the Patties they used to have.  They gave us a "palate cleanser" in between courses which was unnecessary but speaks to what this place now envisions itself as having become.  My tofu was the same as always- good, and Sweet Pea did really like his Jerk Pork, but we both miss the "old" Breadfruit, and with all of the restaurants that we now have downtown, we will most likely not be coming back.  It's a shame.
5	The thought that went into the menu and cocktail offerings alone would rank this restaurant a five stars. But add an attentive and knowledgeable  staff and you have an unforgettable dining experience.
4	I found this place on yelp and decided to check it out.I loved that they played island music and the drinks were great.  Server was very nice and knowledgeable of the menu.  My fiance' had the escovish fish which was really good.  The place is small and intimate so go with someone you like!
2	The scallops and rum old fashioned are pretty bomb. However, the service is a joke. Drinks take at least 20+ minutes and Scott S is rude. He has an attitude when you order, and when I handed him my drink with broken glass, he was upset that I didn't want to keep it. Not a repeat place.
4	I'm in town visiting a friend from Texas and we are on a happy hour hunt.  So we went to the Rum Bar specifically for that.  What's interesting is that there is no happy menu.  The chef chooses 2-3 plates to serve daily-it's kind of a surprise. Food: We ordered the Jerk Pork Sliders and Pork Belly w/ plantain.  We were highly satisfied with the pork sliders. They had a good flavor and just enough heat.  However, the Pork Belly w/ plantain was not to our liking. The dish is unique in terms of composition and presentation, but it's super small, (check out the photo) and the pork belly consisted of no meat, just pure pork belly fat. It was disappointing.  To drink, we ordered the Rum punch bowl special for the day.  It was amazing-full of ginger, lemon, honey, rum..etc.  I generally like drinks on the sweeter side, but this was a great balance. Ambiance: It's casual upscale- a good setting for friends or casual business. There is nice Caribbean music playing in the background.  It's definitely my style.Service: We sat at the bar.  There was a new bartender in training, which slowed things down a bit, but other than that, it was great. If you don't want to eat, that's fine, but definitely go for a drink-try the punch bowl special of the day.
1	Leaves much to be desired. Overpriced. Better Jamaican food in the valley! After getting reheated stake red beans and rice brought it to the owners attention, he did nothing about it and had the audacity to charge me for the meal. This restaurant may be good for folks who don't really know authentic West Indian cuisine.
3	First time at this place following a recommendation.  Interesting vibe at this place...little uptight for me.  We were the first in the door at 5:00, we were asked about our reservation...yes we had one.   We were asked to sit in the waiting area,...what you just opened?!? Then we were asked by the next person if we had a reservation....finally we made it to the table...we were the only ones there...strange greeting.  Obviously being a rum bar, drink options were very limited.  Interestingly enough no iced tea option...I don't think I have ever been to a restaurant that doesn't have tea.  The sollera was quite tasty, but not quite the same as tea.  Apps were really good...scallops and plantains....would do both of these again.  They will not alter or substitute any of the menu options...tread lightly if you have food allergies!  Entrees were also quite good...pork belly was fantastic!  Pork with polenta was also good...spicy.  Could not get dessert as both options had dairy and gluten.  Overall, food was very good!  The environment and service approach is a bit stuffy for my taste.  I would have thought the vibe at a Jamaican restaurant would be a bit more easy going and friendly....not the way it is here.
3	Place is pretty good. Overall I stop going here because it was too pricey and the portions were too small.
4	Food and service is great. I love their drinks and the ambience. It is overall very pricey and sometimes a little overpriced. I only go there when I have $50 to spend in one sitting.
4	The jerk chicken never disappoints, but the service/kitchen is kind of slow.Also tried the curry coconut tofu dish, flavor was good but the tofu was a strange texture. A friend ordered the pork belly and unfortunately they were out, so she had the jerk pork and was pleased as well. Each time I have been there they have been out of at least one dish, which is unfortunate.Despite the service and them running out of certain dishes I will continue to patronize the place because I think the food is really good.
5	This place is special in my heart. Their quality , value, and pride do not budge. If you do not get it, or like it, it has got to be based on your lack of knowledge and palette. A unique bar in any major city in the known world. It has one of the most legit expensive cocktails in the united states. Their is extreme value as the quality of the food is fine dining. There is no way to mirror the drinks as the essences and bitters are made in house. You can pick up in suttlties in every bite as there is always something new to be discovered. The amount of knowledge between the chef and head bartender (whom are both owners and have the courage to put their name on their own place) is unmatched by any point in recordable history as it would be impossible for any chef nor bartender in the past (based on modern communication technology) to have such a vast range of flavors with such an acute delivery. I am positive if you didn't enjoy yourself here you were too drunk and they were worried about your safety, you were extremely rude as their employees are not slaves, your lack of tact offended other tactful guests and you were asked to leave, or you simply want to be cheap and think complaining will make them lower their quality. Their menu is ever changing.  I have worked at 50 plus bars in restaurants in two major cities, I possess 13 years in the industry and offer no favors to anyone. This is the perfect place for multiple courses during a date you're guaranteed to impress, A great place to splurge or have a quick two courses with a cocktail or two. Within the bar there is high quality rum and rum that will never be available to the world again.  Two years ago I couldn't stand rum and now I want to be Jamaican. Clean and trustworthy. If you made an ass of yourself before you need not worry as this place holds no grudges so long as you MIND YOUR MANNERS!
5	Amazing food and cocktails. The music is to die for, if you are a reggae fan like me.A perfect meal!
4	A bit pricey, but the curry veggie was good and the mixed rum punch cocktail was so yummy! Definitely would come back. Bf and his cousin enjoyed their food very much and said the salmon was delicious.
5	Love this place! I've been here twice and both times have had excellent drinks and food with service that was knowledgeable, classy and made great recommendations. Moving to AZ from S. FL, I miss Caribbean food and this place gets it done although a bit more upscale than the actual Caribbean :) Can't wait to go back!
5	Authentic, chic, and inventive!This cocktail list really takes the love of rum to a new level.  The 3 categories or courses are meant to be savored.  Our server for the evening explained his favorites as well as the daily punch bowl.  My husband opts for the punch bowl and I start my journey down permanent brain cell damage.  I hear they grow back...We wait in the booth inside during this warm night for our friend to arrive around 10pm or so.  Once she arrives, Luke (I think) our server takes us to our table and continues the amazingness.My adventurous husband invites Luke to bring suggestions including a unique smoked pineapple rum concoction.  As it was our friends birthday he brings a huge rum sniffer and a shot if some fabulous rum.  He really made our experience at this local gem memorable.
1	If you like rude slow service and dry mediocre over priced food - then this is your place!So much potential, great location and cute restaurant but the food and service needs help.PS - Not kid friendly
5	I stayed in Scottsdale for 5 weeks. Ate everywhere, drank at many different places. Visited this place twice. I enjoyed a very excellent house punch the first time that had me waiting to return again. Second time I came I had a tour of three very different drinks. There was actually a fourth but I didn't like it and the bartender graciously disposed of it and took it off my bill. She was genuinely hospitable and gave me no anxiety over it. I don't recall her name, I just know that she's from NM originally... her drinks were excellent. I really appreciated that she understood my preferred flavor profiles and considered that I wanted to enjoy multiple, contrasting drinks.The owner tended the bar as well, a nice guy. I thought her drinks were very well-made, but I noticed that the owner was coaching her over, for example, drinks that were a couple ounces short. Just a note of their attention to detail at this place.I don't agree with the person who called this place "hoity toity". He's probably satisfied with Phoenix's endless (but competent) beer and hamburger joints. Since this is a review for Rum Bar, I think 5 stars is definitely appropriate. But to comment on the food-- I had two entrees, one of jerk chicken, another of.. a sort of fish. Probably escovitch. The rice a bit dry, jerk chicken dry, not flavorful enough. But the service was excellent and they seated us 10 minutes before their closing.
5	The drinks were fabulous and the meal was delicious. I loved the ambiance of the restaurant too! The scallops were great, I would highly recommend those.
5	I've had Caribbean food before, but not done this well. I had the goat (I know, right) very spicy, very tender, was great. Their rum mixes were also the best we ever had. I had the rum punch, which was fantastic.
4	Island fusion fare...as in Caribbean. nice decor, very romantic and intimate. patio seating out front and a cigar bar out back....if you smoke cigars, and we don't.had no idea it was reservations strongly suggested but they accommodated us at the bar.all rum based cocktails, and the one I had was super tasty. they have quite the mixologists on hand. I had a fish dish. it was good. small portion for the price. been wanting to try this place for some time, glad I did, but a little pricey for what we were expecting.
4	Happy hour for drinks. Nice ambience and super customer service and Salt fish fritter! I didn't give 5 star due to not trying actual food. But great overall
4	Rum Bar - great vibe, a touch higher class for those not familiar with rum. Rum connoisseurs step up and being your "A" game. Owner, Duane, is knowledgable and approachable to discuss rum history, science, and experience. Bartender Brian is accommodating and the music is on a cool vibe. No dancehall here!  All old school hits. Salt fish fritters are good but small and rice & peas are good. No experience with dinner menu but heard food was good from patrons we spoke to. Overall, cool spot.
2	My first impression of this place did not start off great.  My husband, myself and a friend from out of town came for a lite dinner and wanted to be seated outside. We waited about 30-40 minutes to be seated.  Once they finally told us our table was ready, they sat us in the cigar room. The cigar room has 4 walls but no ceiling. I guess you can consider that outside, I dunno. However, there are no tables in the cigar room. How were we supposed to eat? We didn't want to wait any longer so we just made due. One look at the menu and I was suddenly full. Wow is this place expensive! $12+ for a cocktail? I ended up ordering the non-alcoholic carrot juice for $4. It was actually really good.  We ordered 2 appetizers to share between the 3 of us. We thought that would be enough, seeing that each appetizer was about $13. The appetizers ended up being more like samples. I was somewhat embarrassed in front of my our guest. We all had to fight over these tiny appetizers.The only upside to the night was the carrot juice and the attentive server who kept refilling our free water.Overall, I would recommend this place only if you want to spend some major dough and still be hungry when you leave.
4	Every meal should start with Grace.  And we did.  What a delightful server.  And what a delightful place.  Nice ambiance in and out.  And what an amazing array of rum.  The girls in our group enjoyed the Rum Punch of the day while the guys sipped on their Jamaican beer.  Our smoked marlin appetizer was a great start, tho the amount of toasted bread could have been increased (it could have been, if we paid extra?).  We all scarfed down our entrees, while my catch of the day was gone in no time, I was able to taste my husbands Red Stripe prawns which may be my next choice on our next trip...which there will be.
5	MUST GET: Hot Buttered Rum and a Tasting Flight!!!Six months ago, I began my love affair with rum. I found out I would be working on the rums portfolio at Diageo. Initially, I thought I'd prefer to work on tequila or whisk(e)y - categories I felt were more exciting. I am happy to say I was completely wrong! The rum category still has a perception problem - it is so much more than fruity tropical drinks and rum & coke (these drinks have a time and place, but there is an entire WORLD out there). Experiencing traditional "brown spirits" cocktails with aged rum is divine - the Old Fashioned or Manhattan - as well as replacing gin in a Negroni, as one example :)I'm home for the holidays and wanted to check out The Breadfruit & Rum Bar in Phoenix, Arizona. There aren't many bars dedicated to rum. Dedicated means there are no other spirits aside from rum! Yes, they have Red Stripe and Guinness beer (yay Diageo!) and select Arizona wines but THAT IS IT! They have a Rum Manifest that separates their 108+ rums into multiple categories: Premium Aged (think Zacapa 23 or Bacardi 8), Silver (10 Cane), Amber (Pyrat XO), Black (Goslings), Overproof (Goslings 151), and Cachaca (Ypioca). They also have cigar & rum pairings - loved to see Zacapa 23 paired with Arturo Fuente 858 (as a cool feature, you can even bring your own cigar to enjoy!). Finally, there are rum tasting flights. Naturally, I had to get the one with Zacapa XO...the most expensive flight :) The Grand Reserves taping is with English Harbour 10 Year Old, Appleton Estate 21 Years Old and Zacapa XO Solera Grand Reserve :)As my cocktail, I got the Hot Buttered Rum, made with Gosling's Black Seal, house coconut liqueur, butter, cinnamon, nutmeg and rum whip - THREE TYPES OF RUM! Dark rum, coconut rum and rum whipped cream? I mean...COME ON. Dessert cocktails are always a favorite of mine. So delicious!The bartenders are the true stars of this rum bar. When I visited, Bryan and Danielle were behind the bar. They were patient and answered my (many!!) questions about the back bar, ingredients and whatever else I wanted to know about. We sat at the bar when we visited - this is always my preference. I love engaging in conversation with such masters of their craft!I look forward to coming back here on my next visit home and sticking around for dinner! The Jamaican-influenced menu looks delicious! Whether you're a rum lover, rum novice or just a lover of bars, you must check out the Rum Bar at the Breadfruit!
5	Amazing food!!!! Lick your plate amazing!!!! Truly!!! This is a definite "date night" restaurant!!! Located in the heart of downtown Phoenix, by the ASU campus, this quaint Caribbean inspired restaurant has a Rum Bar and a fresh daily new rum cocktail to enjoy. Everything is delicious!!! I've been here about 8 times and have never been disappointed. Reservations strongly recommended.
