3	Place is a hole in the wall. They have a good Pad Se Eew. Fried rice isn't so good. They good lunch deals.
3	Ambiance- it seems they attempted to decorate the place with Thai ornaments and such, but you can't ignore the blue-painted steel pipe ceiling.  A family-run tiny joint. No other patrons the whole time we were there, on a Monday night.Service- Very attentive.Food- Summer roll appetizer was just too "green" with cilantro/parsley I believe.  I've had better.  The plum sauce was thick and sweet and left a lot to be desired.Masaman vegetables- far too watery.  I would call it soup-like, but it was thinner than soup.Panang beef- the thickest, most flavorful panang I have ever had.  Very spicy, an exotic explosion in your mouth...in a good way.  However, the beef itself was chewy and low quality-- that $1.99/lb stuff. Darn, so close to a great dish!Pad thai-  Excellent. Nice dark color, a certain tanginess/saltiness from fish sauce and lime that went well with the fresh sprouts and carrots served on the side.Conclusion- Some good, some bad, not fancy, but inexpensive.  I would come back to try the 6.99 lunch specials.
4	Excellent and authentic !!!
5	This is the best undiscovered restaurant I've ever experienced.  First of all, the food is phenomenal.  Thank you, Thailand, for sending us this treasure in the kitchen.  She's AWESOME.However, one big problem is the location.  Very sketchy.  It's right next to a head shop, and the whole row of stores usually look shut down.  They've gotta find a better location.We haven't branched out on the menu, but we have or favorites. My husband loooves their Masaman curry. I love the chicken pad thai and spicy soup. Their thai iced tea is the best I've ever had, hands down.  I had Thai food at a different restaurant one time, and was so disappointed that I had to visit Thai House that week just to make up for it.There's always the same waitress working, which I think is quaint. It has a simple charm, with Asian drawings and statues all over the place.  It is odd to me how we never see other patrons inside.  There have only been two times that someone else has dined in while we're there.  I think most of their business is takeout.  One customer actually made a comment to us that he's glad no one else has found out how great this place is.  Take a chance like us, and you'll be glad you did.
5	Sunset Thai House has taken first place in my heart for Thai in Las Vegas and Henderson. This quaint restaurant is nestled in a spot which most would overlook. Not for long cause  the mutha effin Goonies just discovered the cave of Thai treasures! Do the Truffle Shuffle! Every dish I've had here has been golden.The restaurant is nicely decorated and kept clean and pristine by the friendly staff. I have dined in, but now prefer to order takeout so I can enjoy the flavorgasms in the comfort of my flannel pjs parked in front of the telly. Both ways my orders have been handled quickly and accurately. Now to the good part. The food.FIVE GOLDEN RINGS!!! Or Golden Stars in the Yelp World. FYI- For you Heat Lovers like moi just know if you say HOT it's gonna be H-O-T. If you say Firecracker Hot you will be shootin' fireworks out of your bungholio after. No joke. Also they are closed on Sundays.*Egg rolls-  Bangin' with flavor. I can thank these bad boys for that added inch to my waistline this month, but it's the holiday season so who's counting?*Panang with Beef- The best Panang I've ever had! Blows those other places in Commercial Center out of the water. If Sunset was in a knife fight with my ex Archi, Archi would leave in a body bag. Just sayin'. If you come here and you like curry this dish is a MUST.*Spicy Chili Chicken- On point with heat from the sliced peppers and complexity of flavor in the sauce. Me like. *Chicken Pad Thai- A simple dish done very well. In the future this might be added to all of our orders.*Crispy Garlic Chicken- I refer to this beauty as Funnel Cake Chicken with a kick. The chicken is almost candied and oh so crisp. I have craved it's goodness hourly since I killed the last of it Saturday morning. This dish is my Precious and satisfies both my need for heat and sweet.If I was wealthy enough to employ a private chef it would be the talented owner/chef of Sunset Thai House without a doubt. Five Stars all the way. Now race your Yelpy butts down here and get your Thai on!
5	Found this via Yelp and thought we'd give it a try. We (three) were all impressed with our dishes. Prices were very reasonable, even cheaper than most comparable restaurants. Each dish (green curry, chicken; garlic pepper chicken; broccoli beef) was great. Best Thai food I can remember in years. Good heat too, if that's what you like (which I do!). Service was fine, but for one thing. We got one dish served and the other two dishes didn't come out for nearly ten minutes later. Obviously, we would have liked to have our food served at the same time, or nearly so. Still, I highly recommend the place.
5	My wife and I were in the area and we were craving Thai food.  I was pretty sure there wasn't an Archie's around.  I checked my trusty Yelp App to see if there was any Thai places in the area.  We were right by the Galleria and this place came up.  I started to read the reviews and there are great pics of the dishes too.  We get it on the map and start to follow the directions.  Once we went under the highway, I started to wonder where it was.  I passed it and have to double back.  It is located in a small old strip mall right next to a grow your own weed store, I mean a hydroponics store.  When we pulled up it was dark outside and there was no cars in the parking lot.  We looked at each other and I started to second guess this place.  I looked at the clock and it was only 7:45PM on a Friday night.  I parked and decided that this place was getting great reviews so we had to see why.  We were willing to take the gamble.  As we opened the door there was a lady reading a newspaper and an older couple dining in a booth, that's it.  It is kind of a weird set up because only half of the building is being used for the dining room. We were greeted right away and were seated asked for drinks and menu in hand.  Ok, so I had to order the crispy garlic chicken because that all the reviews talk about.  We also ordered pork pad thai because it's a safe dish to order in any thai restaurant  plus that's what my wife always orders. The service was great here.  Granted the place was empty.  Our waitress was awesome.  When I sunk my teeth into the crispy garlic chicken I was in Thai bliss.  It was just perfect! The outside was incredibly crispy!  The chicken was moist and tender.   I have since had dreams about this chicken dish.  The pad thai was really good too.  The servings were big in size too.  To sum it up.  Archie's Thai Bistro was always our default thai place.  Don't get me wrong Archie's is great, but with this place a little closer to home I am going to get thai food here.  Like I said earlier the place was dead and I am not sure if this some kind of business front or what.  I'm guessing they do a lot of takeout. I am pretty sure if this were to move locations and maybe a little marketing it would packed daily.  On the other hand I kind of want it to stay tucked away and be my own little secret.  Cheers!
5	Our Little Secret Seems To Have Gotten Out!I have been reluctant in reviewing Penn's for a few years now. My coworkers and I feast on Penn's offerings at least twice a week. The reasoning for my reluctance to review is purely out of selfish reasons, we didn't want anyone else to know about our own little corner of Thai heaven.I would go into more detail about the dishes, but to be honest everything I have eaten here is great. Now that Penn is the sole owner I am glad to see that she and her friendly staff are finally getting the recognition that has been long overdue.You've seen the reviews, but really just come and check it out for yourself.I will say this, Penn's Egg Drop Soup is definitely on my last meal menu
5	Love the staff and great food!
4	First things first, I gotta give a shout out to my girl Jaime W. for telling me about Penn's Thai House! It's not our #1 pick for thai food in Vegas (nothing beats Komol for my hubby!!) but it's really close to our house and the Penn (the owner) is fabulous. The location isn't the best, but that can be said about some of the other fantastic thai places in town, like those in Commercial Center. This isn't a fine dining establishment by any means. Aesthetically, the place could use a little work.  But for people that like take out, Penn's is fab! Unlike some places in town, when you request your meal hot at Penn's, you are going to get it hot... regardless of your ethnic background. My husband likes his food HOT, to the extent that he will break out in a sweat halfway thru his meal if it was done right.. Not only has he always been happy with the heat factor on the food he has ordered from Penn's, but the owner goes above and beyond and will package up containers of the different spices and chilis so if he needs a little extra OOMPH, he can add it. She does this without us asking, just because she remembers his request for hot food from the very first time we went in.I am not a big fan of spicy foods, in fact I'd go as far as to say I am a wussy when it comes to the heat. Penn's still keeps me happy with their delicious egg rolls, tasty stir fries and, mmm is there thai tea ever good! If you find yourself out in Henderson, craving some spicy thai grub, give Penn's a try.
5	03/23/12 DINNER.This place was FANTASTIC. It took me over a year to finally get in here, even tho it's only 2 miles from my condo. But tonight, I finally did, and I was very impressed. (And yes, I've dined at Lotus of Siam, still my fave Thai in LV Valley.)Yellow curry and tom yum soup were my faves, both exceptional. Tried the pad kee mao, it was very good. Thai beef jerky was good, too. Dessert, sticky rice and mango, just terrific.Will return repeatedly.ONLY NEGATIVE: No booze. No beer, no wine. Sigh.BIG POSITIVE: They DELIVER, and I'm not too far away! YAY!
4	We enjoyed Penn's...arrived late Monday night and were pleasantly surprised that they had thai beer.   Started with the jerky and beef salad, then had panang shrimp and pad thai.   Ended with mango and sticky rice -- so delicious.    Loved the complex flavors.   Easy confident staff.  Only thing that detracted was the sound of a microwave in the background...Not sure what was being nuked, but I'm just hoping it wasn't our food....It's definitely not comparable to Lotus, but it's great to have such competent cuisine on this side of town, so for that I'm thrilled.
5	Went here for lunch one day. The place is located in a run down shopping center that you could pass without even knowing. The decor isn't the greatest but who cares - I'm there for the food. And the food is exceptional. The wait for the food was a little long for a lunch hour but it was well worth. Everything we ordered looked and smelled awesome and was cooked perfectly. We had the spring rolls, minced beef and chicken pad thai. We enjoyed every last bit of it. We got the lunch portions and it came with egg drop soup. Very yummy and the portions were perfect for lunch. I would highly recommend this place to anyone.
5	OMG, why did I wait so long to try Thai food? It's because I didn't have the Thai House close by. Holy mother of shellshock, Chili Mint Chicken is so damn good! I have never had "authentic" Thai food until today. But I've been craving something different. I've had all the crappy Chinese food I can take and after reading Jessie and Jamie's reviews and having to go to Sunset and I-515 anyway I decided today was the day. Coming here has been the best lunch choice I've made in Vegas since I moved here. I started out with Thai iced tea, then tried their "Chicken" Chili Mint from the lunch menu, with soup and an eggroll. Ok, so I don't have the menu in front of me to tell what all it came with but that covers the basics. I didn't bother tracking what came with the order because once I started in I couldn't stop! (Thankfully the lunch portions are sized right so I didn't over do it!)  I told the nice lady working there that it was my first time with Thai food and friends had warned me about spices so she helped me figure out how spicy I liked it. And she hit it perfectly. I had just enough heat that I started to sweat  a little, but not enough that I wanted to slam through the wonderful iced tea.I want to go back and try more stuff here. No let's be honest, I will go back and try more stuff here. I fell head over heels for this place. You gotta try this place. Seriously. One minor glitch is they have a $15 min for cards, I had no problem bumping up the tip to get there. So while it will make my payment card chaos list, this is the easiest 5 Star review I've written. The orange slices and small piece of candy to wrap things up literally made for the perfect lunch. You really gotta try this place! Thai House, I have a feeling this is the beginning of a great relationship! And with easy access to I-515 I got a hunch I'll be seeing a lot of Thai food in my future.
5	I went back. Was yesterday's experience a fluke? I've been thinking about it ever since I left. It's rare that a place reaches out and grabs my attention like Penn's Thai House has, but it is what it is and so I went back to check it out a second time. Following Jaime W's recommendation I tried Cashew Nut Chicken this time. I went a little conservative on the heat which I regretted until I found the excellent sauces and chili powder on the table which took care of the heat and restored perfection. Verdict: Definitely NOT a fluke, and the initial 5 star rating is actually too low but it's all Yelp will give me to work with. Service was as good if not slightly better this time around. But the food, oh the wonderful food is what it's all about. I am a big fan of something called Springfield Cashew Chicken. The problem is I can only get that in Springfield, MO. And I've missed it, that is until today. I found a worthy successor to Springfield Cashew Chicken with the Cashew Nut Chicken that I am now addicted to. I walked out the door in a state of happiness that is ultra rare for me, and with a smile from ear to ear. Yes, this place is that good. 5 absolute over the top fully earned stars. I will go so far as to say this is the best food I have had the privilege of enjoying since I've moved to Vegas over a year ago.
5	Just ate here for the first time. I was in the mood for thai food so i searched google for places close by. Little did i know this treasure was here. You would drive right by the little strip mall it is in and not even know it and it is 5 minutes from my house. After reading reviews on here i had to try it. I am so glad i did! I had the beef panang and it was absolutely incredible! So full of flavor! I would highly recommend this place to anyone. Incredible food and decent prices. Definately going to make this a regular place. By far the best thai food i have ever had, no joke.
1	I called to see if I could bring in a special bottle of wine but she said only if I bring a receipt. The bottle was a special birthday gift, so I don't have one. Can't tell you what the food is like because I took my business elsewhere.
5	Penn's you are that pair of jeans that just seems to get better and better with every wash. Thai masterpieces keep consistently coming out of this kitchen.FACTS: I have taken over fifteen close friends to Penn's and every single one of them have been back two or more times. I've also never been disappointed with the spice level or overall delivery of anything I've been served here. That being said, the past two months most times I have gotten takeout and it's still on point.Latest faves here are the Cashew Chicken, Tom Kha, Pad Thai and as of this evening the Pad Woon Sen. That dish actually inspired me to write an update. The balance of spice level HOT with the coolness of mass amounts of veggies like baby corns, celery and tomatoes mixed with glass noodles and seasoned eggs rocked my freakin world tonight and has been added into the rotation. Pad Woon Senhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sUXs9ATmb423TcxgtMalzQ?select=rQ7FSaL5ggQupO_DAD7LQg#MyzsS1JQ39DVzYJQWSRxlAPenn's has only gotten better with time. Read the press or read my reviews, but I am not the only one throwing props to this place. They even take the time now to make designs out of the straws. For a small fee or a Nordstroms gift card I will gladly show you how she does it. (Mine come out like Special Olympics straw art a lil' bit, but I'm working on it.) The service and food are FIVE STARS every time for me. Tip: If you have been here ONCE and maybe not had a five star experience, please give them another shot. This place is a treasure from every angle and I personally cannot find fault. If you don't feel the same than just take your ass back to Applebees for a REAL meal. I take zero credit for discovering this treasure. I will forever be grateful to the foodie who turned me on to Penn's and also to Penn for letting me explore the incredible world of Thai cuisine through her dishes.
3	I tried these guys a while ago but I recall fairly well what the food was like. We called ahead and took the food to go to eat it at home. There was some pad thai, tom yum kai soup, and red curry chicken. It looks like just about any other hole in the wall thai restaurant does-- a few plants and statues and a modest area for seated guests. It's the kind of place that is more packed for lunch on a weekday than dinner.The pad Thai wasn't bad. Chewy, sweet and flavorful-- it was satisfying but not particularly memorable. The tom yum kai (red soup) was fantastic-- probably even better than the one I enjoy regularly at Pin Kao. I don't think it was too meaty but it was very tangy and clearly must have contained copious amounts of lemon grass.The red chicken however, was rather disappointing. It was finely diced, similar to the way this dish is served at Mix Zone Cafe. Spicy enough but not juicy enough, and it just didn't pan out for me.To be fair, I i only tried these few items and have not yet returned to see what else these guys have to offer. I wouldn't be so quick to write these guys off, but until I investigate them further I'll have to keep them at 3 stars.
5	Once again, excellence prevails with the best damn Thai food ever. After my horrible Due Forni pizza fiasco earlier I needed real food. A true test of a restaurant is to walk in 15 min before close and order food. In many places you'll get surly service with serious attitude. I threw Penn's a curve tonight: I ordered takeout but once I got there and saw that they had people still there I changed my order to eat in. I didn't get any grumbling, I didn't get any attitude, I got a smile and a plate and the awesome cashew nut chicken with medium spice that is my go to comfort food above all else. Another perfect meal, exactly what I wanted, cooked perfectly and even with 15 min before they closed the doors. Wow! After tonight I have no choice but to elevate Penn's Thai House to my Mythical 6th Star list. They've earned the placement, and each time I go in now it continues to be so damn good. 5 Stars Plus. Truly, without question and with no hesitation: As good as it gets!
5	I don't how to really write this one, but here goes. Have you ever had food that was so good that it literally made you forget about everything else? Have you ever left a restaurant smiling from ear to ear and feeling like you're floating on air because it was so damn good? I did that today at Penn's. Just when I thought it couldn't get any better I followed Jaime W's advice and tried the Pad Woon Sen. In the past I've had bad experiences with noodle dishes and it's been almost 9 years since I ate my last one that was similar to this one. The wait was worth it because this dish truly exceeded any and all expectations I had. Screw this nice writing crap, it was totally freakin awesome. Ok, these are supposed to be fair and balanced reviews and after today, any chance of being fair and balanced towards Penn's is hopelessly gone. I'm flat out in love with this place and their food. Resistance is stupid and leaves you hungry, I give in, I'm hooked, and this case is closed. 5 Stars earned, re-earned, and validated over and over again. It's at the point I take family here. I'll pay for their dinner just to get them to try it. I'll need to become a reverend so I can preach about how good this place is. While YMMV: Your mileage may vary, for me, this is truly as good as it gets. I have never had a food experience that comes close to what I've experienced here. Yeah, seriously, I really think it's worthy of the praise.
3	3 stars because food was good, i wanted an order to go. 4 dishes, and it took OVER 50 min. Two ladies walked in 20 min after and they got their food 10 min before mine still got out.. Her apology was 4 slices of oranges and saying 10 more minutes. I think the only reason i would eat here is if i call in an hour before and then go pick it up.
4	I've had this place bookmarked for a while. After trying it this past week, I'm already looking forward to going back for more wonderful Thai food.We ordered pad see ew with shrimp, cashew nut with chicken, and their crispy garlic chicken, along with a Thai iced tea. They had a copy of a newspaper feature at the entrance that was done on their restaurant. They raved about their food, and I know why. The pad see ew wasn't like many noodle dishes you get from, where the noodles are either very greasy with oil, or the noodles are just stuck together with a bland sauce. The crispy garlic chicken - I try not to eat much fried food, but it was so delicious, I gobbled this chicken up! I think the only thing I didn't particularly care for was the chicken cashew nut. It was tasty, yet the sauce was watery and the serving was quite small, made with more cashew nuts than chicken. However, their menu has good selections to choose from and very decent lunch specials.This place is definitely off-the-beaten path, in a corner of a deserted strip mall close to Gibson. But if you're in Henderson close to the 95 or Sunset, I'd highly recommend coming here for Thai food. Our server was very personable and patient, even when I was very indecisive about what to order, which happens to me a lot! I'll come back for their panang curry soon...
5	The food here is EXCELLENT.  Within just over a week of discovering Penn's, I was there twice for eat-in lunch and got takeout while finishing up on the 2nd visit!  This is some of the best thai food I have ever had...and I've been to Bangkok!  First visit, I had the yellow curry with chicken which was amazing.  I also had a noodle dish (cant recall the exact name) with chicken, flat noodles, basil, chili and mint.  Also incredible.  I had the vietnamese-like rice paper roll as an appy which was the only thing that didn't blow my socks off.  The 2nd visit I had the Tom Ka soup (includes coconut milk) with  chicken. I have had this soup many, many times elsewhere.  I can say without doubt this was the BEST version I have ever had.  I ordered the large size which came in a big bowl with the usual sterno underneath.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it now.  I also had the chicken panang curry which has always been my favorite.  This didn't disappoint and it was incredible.  The 2nd dish was the pad thai with chicken.  Words can't do it justice...you just have to order it and experience it.  For takeout, I got the red curry and pad thai with beef.  The food sat overnight in the fridge and the flavors intensified and so did the spice level.  The pad thai was even more amazing this way but the red curry might have suffered.  It was very good but not my favorite curry.  I still need to try the green and Mussaman curries!  I had a thai iced tea which was excellent and the thai mango ice cream for dessert.  For the uninitated (like me), this is not your typical cold treat:  you get a plate of hot steaming rice with a sugary syrup and coconut milk on it with room temp mango pieces on the side.  This was an interesting dessert but I probably wont order it again.  My advice is let it sit and cool before you eat it. As mentioned, the restaurant is located in an old, beat-up strip mall just east of the 95 overpass on Sunset.  The interior is fairly spartan but very clean.  But with food this good, who cares?  The service was great...very attentive and always with a smile.
5	This little piece of heaven is located off the strip and in star square shopping center. Service was great and the waitress was very funny and an knowledgable about the thai dishes.  I was visiting from SF and there food was very authentic. When ordering spicy food this restaurant brought the heat!  Would definitely recommend to friends and family. I'll most likely come back to place again!
5	This is LEGIT Stuff here!   What a hole in the wall in Henderson cranking out the best Thai in town.  I am a huge thai fan and to get a new place that is insane is a complete treat.  The little cute lady that runs this place is awesome.   She let us bring in our champagne bottle , as long as we had the receipt from buying it on us, and open at the table.  Bring wine, bring receipt, she is coolest in town.   We had pad thai, one of the best ever!    We also did the red curry.  WOW!  both dishes were perfectly spiced, hot, sweet, savory, balanced.   This lady knows how to do it!   I give em 5 stars and 1 star prices.  Best Thai Value in Town!   Be prepared to drive if in Vegas, but if in Henderson, dont miss it, its off Sunset and 95, by Sunset Station kinda, east of freeway.   In strip mall, but the best dang rundown strip mall food I have ever had.....Highly recommended!  Go NOW!
4	Okay Im hooked and now a bigger fan of this place! Came here 3 weeks ago and had Pad Woon Sen and Crispy Garlic chicken, both dishes very good!  What won me over was the Yellow Curry with Tofu I had for lunch today. The yellow curry served up here is different from the other Thai place I go to.  The blend of spices used to create their curry is a very rich in flavor,light in texture gravy like sauce.... I loooove it!!!  Cant get enough of it! Lunch portion was just right, served in a seperate bowl enough curry for the two scoops of rice that comes with it.  I only wish though that there was more tofu, less potatoes...I'll ask next time if I can do that.  Ambiance wise it's not a fancy looking place, but what counts is the restaurant is pretty clean from top to bottom.  Also service is very good! Pretty neat my second time here and the server remembered me from the last visit! Oh and how cute are the paper covers of the straws created into flowers or hearts! Made me smile!Shout out to Yelpers especially Jaime W. and her review!  I would have never known this place existed! I easily drove past it without even giving it a second look.The location is obscure in a strip mall that mainly caters to auto places.  To think they've been here 12 years!! Well I gotta make up for that. I see more Thai lunchin' visits soon!
5	A-MA-ZING! Jim and I ordered Panang Curry with chicken, and Larb for takeout. Each dish had an incredible depth of flavor. What a wonderful find. Even if you are not in the area, GO! Just go! You will be glad that you did. Small cafe style restaurant, and very clean.
4	I got greedy.  I monopolized the duchess Jaime W. at Penn's Thai!  We met today for a girl's night out spicy food style, and this was quite the satisfier.  Jaime was sportin' a new 'do and of course the server and the owner greeted her like family.  Apparently her a/c in her car is shifty and Penn's husband, owner of the car joint next door, came for her keys to check out her car while we dined.  Now that's service!Jaime W. suggested trying the beef nam tok salad, pad woon sen (we got tofu), and panang curry (chicken) - though she had good word to say about everything on the menu she had already tried.  It made narrowing our options hard.  I really want to try the spicy eggplant next time!The beef salad was very delicious, thinly sliced beef and red onions on lettuce with tomatoes, carrot strands, cilantro, cucumbers, and a spicy lime dressing.  The pad woon sen included glass noodles, fried tofu triangles, baby corn, tomato, green onion, and other veggies - deliciously spicy.  Our panang had a thickness that was sooo good (too many watery curries being served these days)  and great peanut taste, and was served with plenty of steaming hot rice.I also enjoyed a Thai iced tea which was tasty.  We had just the right amount of heat in all of the dishes (an assortment of hot and medium) and also had plenty of spicy condiments already on the table if needed.  The service was great and I talked to Penn about my trip to Thailand last year, especially about Chiang Rai near her family.In the end, we had so many leftovers.  Jaime W. took the salad and I got the curry and noodles (load me on those carbs baby!) so I have my lunches covered for the next 2 days.  Best advice: try this place if you haven't.  Even better advice: dine with Jaime!  Lunch specials M-F, but the prices are right for dinner and there are many dishes to try!  I will be back, and hopefully with Jaime!
4	In my opinion --the only 5 star Thai restaurant in Las Vegas is Lotus of Siam. That being said- this place is close to perfect. I went for lunch today and chose the chicken mint chili special with white rice, egg drop soup, and an egg roll (for $6.95). The chicken chili was spiced perfectly, and the egg drop soup was a pleasant surprise.The only draw backs were the portion size, and egg rolls. My 3 year old son could have finished the food I ordered, and the egg roll tasted like mushy baby food. I would consider this place a "hole-in-the -wall" that offers authentic Thai food at reasonable prices. 4.5 stars from me-- battling NAGA for # 2 in my book.
4	I can't say I was as blown away by the food as many of the reviewers were, but the food was well above average. We got there a little bit before they were going to close, so my experience may have been lessened by the fact that i had to rush and shove the food in my face as quickly as possible. The girl working there was super nice and genuinely interested in feedback and our experience at the restaurant. I had the pad woon sen and boyfriend had pad kee mao. His dish was a lot better. Mine was good but fell a bit short in the flavor department -- it was plain and the chicken was dry and tasteless. The pad kee mao was good with just the right amount of heat. I did not care to try the curries because after making my own, I realized how idiot proof making a delicious curry really is. In flavor department Naga wins out by a high margin, but service wise Penns definitely wins. I will go back and sample more of their dishes.
4	I'm hopin' my true fellow yelpers know, this be the quickest review I ever wrote.I felt the need to write this almost immediately upon finishing my meal because this was purely a Yelp driven in the sense that I would have never tried this place if it wasn't for all the great word of mouth and reviews (I think Jaime W. has received enough credit for this don't you?   I'll give a shout out to Matt S for quite possibly the funniest review I've ever read instead.  Just kidding, it was pretty much all Jaime).   So I always do my research before trying a place for the first time.  I saw all the rave reviews for Panang Curry and several of the noodle dishes which all sounded insanely good to me, and I promptly ordered...... the yellow curry with pork.   Yes I went against the majority of my trusted Yelpers (though a few did give it love) and instead ordered based on a google search for the menu result leading to a Max Jacobson review that called the Yellow Curry THE BEST CURRY IN LAS VEGAS.  I mean, I just had to.  If I read a food critic tomorrow tell me that Applebee's had the best piece of salmon in Las Vegas, I'd have to go even though I'd normally rather go to the a dumpster behind UMC for a meal.Well, I honestly was disappointed.  I've written at length about expectations in the past and they were sky high for this particularly after that Best in Las Vegas business.  I asked for it "sort of hot" because they asked me to choose between mild medium and hot.  I've also written extensively about my hatred for these types of scales because I feel limited, and this didn't come very spicy to me at all.  0 beads of sweat throughout the entire meal.  Next time I'll try hot I guess, and hope it doesn't melt my face off.  I didn't think the pork was extremely tender and the curry wasn't thick at all and I just didn't taste much depth to it. The potato chunks were large and tasty, so that was good.  Overall it tasted average, and I expected much more than average.So I know you're thinking, why on earth did I give this 4 stars for an average dish?   Well, I also had the wherewithal and foresight to also order a small order of the Tom Kha with Shrimp.   YES.  This is what I'm talking about.  Without a doubt the most complex, delicious Thai soup I've ever had.  An explosion of flavor that seemed to change as I kept eating, sort of like what I've heard a good scotch is like if I wasn't too wimpy to drink it straight.  And the shrimp, even though there were only 3, were huge, fresh, and absolutely amazing (and no shells to peel off!).   This is a must order.Final thoughts: Though the curry disappointed me, I feel as though I should have gone with some of the more reviewed items like panang or a noodle dish which I will try next time.   The Tom Kha soup shows me there are amazing things going on at Penn's and warrants future investigation.
1	They gave me a container full of old grease and scum. Aka yellow curry. I had high hopes for this place, but was sadly disappointed The chili chicken lunch special was ok but was missing one key ingredient CHiLI!!!
2	I really expected to love this place, especially after the review Matt S. gave it. I brought my two daughters who love thai food. We arrived to an empty restaurant around 6:30 last night. We had a seat and browsed the menu. I was bummed they only had wine and beer and not a good selection so I ordered water. It tasted like it came from the sink...yuck! The prices were the same as Pin Kaow which is ten times more attractive inside and with really professional, well dressed servers. I always order chicken larb to test out any new place. The server did not ask me a spice level but since I was sharing everything with my two young daughters I figured it must not be spicy. We ordered Pad See Ew and Red beef curry. I asked her how they rate their spiciness and she said, mild, medium and hot. I said mild since it is for the kids. The larb arrives and it had a nice presentation. I too a bite and wow it was hot. I could handle it but the kids could not. I would say it was a 7 on Pin Kaows scale. I asked the server if we could please order some egg rolls since the kids were unable to eat the larb. Next came the noodle dish. The kids loved it and barely let me have a bite. The bite I did have was pretty good. The server came by and said that Penn made chicken curry by mistake and did we want that. I said no we want the beef that we ordered. She seemed irritated. Long after we had finished all the food on the table she brought out the beef curry. It was mostly bamboo shoots, not as much beef as I would have liked. I dished some up with rice and took a bite. I have not had a curry this spicy in my entire life and my husband normally orders a level 8. My nose and eyes began to water. The girls tried one bite and had to spit it out. I flagged down our waitress and told her I think there was a mistake on the heat level. She gave me a huge attitude and stormed off. I heard her speaking the the chef. She came back and said "Penn says you have to pay since you tasted it." I was taken back by how rude she was. I asked her to try the curry because there was no way this would be considered mild, and she began to argue with me and she was waving her hands all around. I said fine I will pay for it and please bring me the check. My kids were very uncomfortable with the way we were treated and could not believe the unprofessional behavior she showed. I feel like I did not go to the same restuarant that all of these people have raved about.
4	We've had dinner here a couple of times now. Both experiences, while not stellar, were good.The decor, if it can be called that, is extreme Asian restaurant shabby chic. You won't be coming back to Penn's for the ambiance. And you'll notice a slight funk going on when you walk in, but you'll get used to it.Our server was friendly, but a tad inefficient. She'd forget to bring things, but she was nice.We've had some of their crispy garlic chicken and pork pad thai. Their food has good flavor and texture. Definitely enjoyable to eat.All in all, you'll probably have a good tasty meal at a reasonable price.
5	Many restaurants can crank out good food for customers who sit down to eat. But the equation changes dramatically when it comes to carryout food as horror stories abound. Once again Penns hit a grand slam in my book with a carryout order of Cashew Nut Chicken and Thai Iced Tea that even after making the 20 min ride home was absolutely perfect in every way. The container was foil lined and wrapped in plastic to prevent spills too. It's the little things that make the difference. Service....for a Sunday night was a little aloof. I asked about egg rolls and the lady working kind of had an attitude so I skipped ordering any. Still Penn's placement on my Best of Las Vegas list and at 5 Stars is in no danger of changing anytime soon.
5	Awesome food, great local restaurant NOT on the strip! Highly recommend for a good meal in a small friendly unpretentious atmosphere!!
5	Yes yes yes yes. Talk about a well-kept secret--I have driven by this place every day since I moved here, and didn't know it existed. Maybe it's because the neon on the hydroponics store next door shines brighter, causing me to daydream about Nancy Botwin's antics on the way back home. Anyhow, I finally tried it today, and I was more than impressed. I was also pretty committed to trying Penn's today, as I went in, realized there was a $15 minimum on cards, and walked out and drove to a bank to retrieve cash monies. (I needed the spice, okay? My allergies are killing me. It succeeded--I spent the rest of the afternoon hacking.)The place is teeny tiny. 10 tables, max, and a fishtank. The service was top notch--smiley, timely, helpful. I was boring and got pad thai as a lunch special, which includes an egg roll and egg drop soup ($6.95, can't beat it). The menu said that the noodle dishes do not come with steamed rice, but I did end up getting a scoop of rice, which went really well with the minty duck sauce(?). My noodles were just a liiiiiitle underdone, bu they were still smashing and I all but licked my plate. I'm glad that I now have a takeout menu so that I can stop by on one of my daily trips by this place. Can't wait to be more adventurous on the menu!
4	This homey, slightly rundown restaurant is located in a homey, slightly rundown shopping plaza.  I recently read an article by restaurant critic Max Jacobson that identified it as serving the best Thai food in Las Vegas. In a curious twist of fate, Max was sitting at the next booth to ours obviously enjoying his complimentary meal with 2 associates.  We shared orders of green curry and pad prik khing.  Penn makes the curry from scratch rather than using a prepared paste though it proved to be a bit thinner than what we are accustomed to.  The dish included a modest amount of skinless chicken, bamboo shoots, chili, basil and green pepper.   Pad prik khing is a famous Thai dish that we somehow have managed to overlook in the past.  It included stir fried skinless chicken, fresh green beans, chili, kefir lime leaves and curry paste. Both dishes boasted fresh ingredients and flavor warranting a return visit.
4	I yelped Thai food in Henderson when I came across Penn's Thai House....Having never heard of this place we decided to give it a try.The inside was old,somewhat small but not tiny by any means & there was a certain old smell that wouldn't leave my nose.How sweet is this? when we got our waters the tips of our straws were twisted into hearts....Awww - look at the picture I posted of it.So even though I wasn't impressed at all with the state of the restrauant I was however impressed by the taste of the food.The Tom Kha Soup with Shrimp was Ohh so damn yummy, the eggrolls were good as well. The Pad See Ew with Pork was delicious!!!!We also ordered the Panang Curry with Chicken and added veggies for a $2.00 charge. We told the waitress 6 times that we wanted potaotes and carrots.Well, when our curry came it was filled with potatoes and broccoli - I told the waitress we ordered Potatoes and Carrots and she said she thought we said broccoli -             Hmmmm..... Let's say it slowly and see if they sound the same:                     C A R R O T S   -   B R O C O L L I - nope I don't hear it....Anyhow, they added carrots to it but because it didn't cook long enough with the curry it was hard not soft - that sucked.....The taste of the panang curry was right on and the texture of the curry was thick not watery - just how we like our curry - THICK!!!! yeah it was freak'in good.So, other than the carrots - broccoli mishap we left with our tummies full of yummy Thai food that we would love to eat again.....
5	One of the most talented thai chefs in America! Crispy beef, My favorites-Crab curry, Mango stciky rice dessert...perfection. Very humble atmosphere, but the food is tops. What a wonderful surprise to find such amazing food in the middle of nowhere!!!
5	Crispy Garlic Chicken can't be beat!Worth the trip!
1	Sorry to say but not good , went for dinner has pad Thai and could barely eat it.Go to Naga if wanting good local Thai.
3	Go there for full taste, not for ambiance or decor. Many delicious meal options. I'm not a big Thai food fan, but I can tell full taste when I have it.
4	Tasty Thai! Came here with a few Yelperazzi after the event at close by Vegas Distillery. I've heard good things and glad I listened! It's a little bit of a old and dead shopping center so it looks a bit sketch, but you're totally fine...it's like the same feel as the Sahara center where Komol and LOS is in and this is definitely on that "authentic" feel.So we shared - Papaya salad - this was spicy and pretty good. It's definitely heavier on the fish sauce and dried shrimp which I actually appreciate as I feel many places are scared to put it. Tom kha chicken soup - This was lovely. The balance of the flavors were on and there was a good amount of coconut milk in it so there was a good creaminess to it. Plentiful with the chicken and mushrooms in it so everyone got a good amount. Mussaman curry beef - it's one of my favorite curries and this was a more savory than sweet take on it. Not good/bad thing, but it might throw some people off that like thicker and sweet curry. I liked this though and would order it again. Crispy garlic chicken - so when we walked in someone leaving talked us up saying this place was sooo good and recommended this. We rolled with it and glad we did. It wouldn't be something I would think of ordering at a Thai place as it doesn't really scream Thai, but don't matter when it's good. It's crispy battered chicken covered in a sticky sweet soy based sauce with crispy garlic sprinkled on it. The only bit I didn't like is they put it on foil which makes it easier for them to clean, but harder for us to pull all of it without having bits of foil. Pad Kee Mao - definitely a good version of this dish and was plentiful on the veggies and tofu but not my favorite one in town. Service was just okay. Not bad, but not as attentive as it could be. The food here left a impression at least I know on the BF. He's saying we need to go back soon for more of that crack chicken and he definitely thinks its the best Thai he's had in Vegas. I'm inclined to agree that this should be on the shortlist of legit Thai places. It's a long drive for us across town, but we will be back for more definitely! (Yelp 100 Challenge 1/100)
4	Best Tom kha Gai in the city. Yeah I said it, I dare you to find a place better. This place is a hole in the wall and used to be my old muay thai boxing gym. It's funny because some parts of how the restaurant and bar next door are set up give me flashbacks of getting kneed in the ribs. Anyway, I had the tom kha gai, pad se ew, and the crispy garlic chicken. The pad se ew was good, the crispy garlic chicken was too sweet for me but I can see why people recommend it. But of course the main event was the tom kha gai, the perfect amount of spice but the coconut milk seemed creamier than usual and wasn't as watered down as some places like Archie's. It tasted very rich and I forgot how flavorful tom kha can be when done right.The service was A+. The server was attentive, friendly, and even brought out random samples from other dishes to try. All in all I would have to say this place offers some of the best thai food in the city and the service is second to none. The only con is that for me this place is soooooo far and deep into Henderson. It seems like one of those places that may be a hidden secret for locals, but due to its obscure location it is so hidden that it doesn't receive the business it should. I hope they add a second location soon because I don't do very well with long distance relationships.
5	So the BF and I were hungry after taking care of one of my errands and I asked what does he feel like eating today? His immediate response is we're only a few exits away from Penns and  got back on the FWY to this little palace of noms.We ordered: Beef Panang, spice level something between medium and mild at the BF request and they hit a good level for him. Their curries here are on point. I've only had this and the massaman, but both have been great that I can't imagine the others not being stellar as well. The sauce is fragrant, bold and not watered down at all. I'm hit or miss with sliced beef being tender but the beef here is good. If you're a fan of thai curries this should be on your shortlist. The only other place that I adore curries at is Pan Asian which is our westside answer to humble Thai food and this is the eastsides gem. Garlic Crispy chicken - crack chicken more like. It's everything guilty pleasures for me - crispy, sticky sweet, garlicky, a bit peppery. It's the grown up version of orange chicken. I add a tiny vinegared jalapeno to each bite and it's awesome balance of sweet, salty, sour, spicy that I like in my food. Thai ice tea was perfect. Just the right amount of sweet. Service here was great this time around. I don't know if perhaps this person was the owner but they were running around making sure everything was just right. Food came our fast too and you can hear the food sizzling in the kitchen and being stirred in a wok from our table. Also our drinks came to the table with the paper on the straws shaped into hearts. We also got oranges at the end of our meal, with the vein and seeds removed and notched on the bottom so its easy to eat the whole thing. It's small and cute little details. Yes, this place deserves the 5 star bump up. I already want to come back for more curry.Ugh Penns Thai - Y U SO FAR FROM MY HOUSE?! I can seriously come here weekly if we didn't live in the NW, but we will make sure we are hungry any time we have reason to be in this area from now on. Jaimie W. - I love/hate you for letting me know about this place.(Yelp 100 Challenge 11/100)
3	Cold Food = A Cardinal Sin. And Penn's committed that today around lunch time. I went in for lunch at about 12:30 and ordered Chili Mint Chicken off the lunch menu and Thai Iced Tea. The tea was good...as always. The eggdrop soup was hot and very good as it typically is. Then they bring out my main plate...and it's barely lukewarm. By the time I put some soy sauce on my rice and mix everything up it's cold. And by the time I finished the plate as I had to eat something, it was definitely cold. I said something about this to the staff and at first they were like you could have added more heat from the spices they brought to the table. That much is true, but that's not the heat I wanted. I want something that has some physical heat...the kind that comes from an open flame under an open pot or wok of what is normally some of the best Thai food in Vegas without question. My disappointment is expressed in a 2 Star drop...There's a lot of things for a place to get wrong but if you can't even properly cook the food and serve it at an appropriate temperature you've got a fundamental problem that must be addressed.
1	Came in for the red curry lunch special. Ordered it. Unenjoyed it. The curry was plain, watered down, and unexciting. It came with a side of uninventive vegetable egg roll, bowl of soup (extremely salty), and some rice. The tap water really tasted like tap that I could not continue to drink it. Instead I ordered some Thai Iced Tea which was actually the best item during that lunch. I think I'll give their dinner item another shot since many yelpers had a positive experience. Until then!
4	The Chicken Kra Pow was the business! I loved the chili flavor rounded out nicely by the coolness of the mint.We started with the crab rangoon, a dish that was delicious and actually tasted like crab! The wife and I both ordered a thai iced coffee to drink, which we both enjoyed. We then ate the Tom Yum soup and the aforementioned Chicken Kra Pow. By the end of the night we were both full and content. We can't wait to go back!
4	I have my standards for judging one joint against another. For Thai, its Panang Curry. This is the first Thai place in town where they weren't afraid to make it hot for the white boy. Usually, I order 10 spice, and it shows up a middle six at best. At Penn's, my server shrugged and walked off. It came hot and spicey! Delish! This is a very unassuming, low-brow place that is sparely decorated, but the server was friendly and the food was good. Perfect neighborhood "joint" that's right around the corner.
4	First off, thanks to Yelpers in the recent Thai Talk threads for this find!  This Thai restaurant is listed among the top of several Yelpers who's opinion I trust.  Once again, I was not steered wrong!  I managed to get a few friends to eat family style at this Thai restaurant  this afternoon (is there any other way to eat Thai food?).  We ordered Thai Iced Tea, Tom Kha Khi, Pineapple Fried Rice, Panang with Beef, Lad Na with Pork, Garlic Chicken, and Papaya Salad.  All dishes ranged a 4-4.5 for me!The Thai Iced Tea was not that sweet, and very bold in herbal tea flavor.  Yum.  The Tom Kha was really, really good.  While not the best in town, it was probably the dish I enjoyed the most.   It was creamy, yet savory and lightly sour at the same time.  The complexity of the flavors played off of one another brilliantly.  The mushrooms and chicken were excellently prepared as well.  My second favorite dish was the Beef Panang (thanks, Jade!).  It had a strong, bold flavor for a Panang, with just the tiniest hint of peanut.  It was rather thick as well, and very hardy.  Mixed with the minced Garlic Chicken, it really made the lunch.  The flavor profile was one of the most complex (yet balanced) I have had for a Panang!    The Papaya Salad and Pineapple Fried Rice were pretty good, but not completely mind blowing to me.  The Papaya Salad had an excellent balance of flavor, but both dishes were a little lack luster.  The Pineapple Fried Rice was a tad bit on the soggy side, and was just a little bit boring.  No worries though, everything else rocked!The Lad Nah with Pork, while again not the best in town, was expertly prepared.  The gravy had a nice thick consistency with beautiful savory flavors.  With added chili peppers and fresh Chinese Broccoli, it was also one of my favorites of the meal.  Overall, this is probably the best Thai restaurant on this side of town.  Not all of the dishes wow'ed me enough to give it a 5 though, and I thought the portions were a little small.  However, if I am on this side of town and am in need of good Thai food, this will be my spot!
4	Was at a shooting range a few miles from this place and a friend recommended it so we came for lunch. At first upon arrival looking around the whole shopping center was pretty deserted. The only thing that was opened was a hydroponics store. I thought this place was gonna be bad news. I was really surprised when the food came out.The inside of restaurant is really basic. Like a typical Asian restaurant just booths, a fish tank in the front and some basic decor. The food we ordered was thai tea, pad see ew, pad thai, tofu green curry, and thai beef salad.The thai tea was good not too sweet like how some other places make it. I just wish you got a bigger glass. The pad see ew was really good, we ordered chicken and meat wasnt too dry just cooked perfectly. The pad thai was also really good, the noodles arent too mushy and the beef was also very tender. The green curry was my least favorite i didnt think the curry taste was as strong. The tofu in it was plain and kinda over cooked. The thai beef salad was really good the dressing on it was just right. The beef in that was also cooked perfectly, very tender.If i am ever in the area i would definitely go back the price is cheap and the food was good and came out pretty quickly. I just live way too far from this place to make frequent trips
5	"Pad Thai was incredible, and the appetizers were tasty food art."
5	dont judge the location! this is thee best thai restaurant in vegas! the crispy garlic chicken is decadent and if you havent tried their green tea buns you havent lived! A+++
5	This is definitely a hole in the wall but it is so so good.  The yellow curry is wonderful, the pad Thai noodles are fresh and yummy.  We go a couple times a month. We love the stuffed chicken wings and curry fried rice.  It's amazing that this place isn't packed all the time.
5	After living minutes away from here for over a year and a half, I'd say it's about time.I didn't go over the menu too much since I quickly found the $6.95 lunch special menu, but it seemed like they have most of the typical entrees available. Since it's Friday and still during Lent, I was disappointed that they didn't offer a shrimp lunch special at some additional cost. I had to go with tofu of course, and I surprised myself by going for the red curry instead of a pad thai. After they took our orders, we realized that they hadn't asked for a spicy level of any kind, which was strange.The lunch special started with an egg drop soup, which is a respectable appetizer and comes with very fresh scallions. Our courses came out in such a way that you could tell they were cooked at similar times (pad thai all at once, yellow curry all at once). Mine was the last, unfortunately. What's worse is that it was just a little bit too hot for my current preference. Not as bad as my last red curry experience, but I don't want to challenge my taste buds when I'm eating lunch in somewhat of a hurry.Spiciness aside, I loved the meal. I'm going to come back. Hopefully a lot. And on days where I can eat meat.
3	Went here because of the great reviews on Yelp! The place is small, but the service is really good (managed by a single lady). Tried Pad Thai (Pork) and Crispy Garlic Chicken. Pad Thai was a little too lemony. The food is flavorful, but I've had better Thai food for the price.
4	Really excellent Thai food.  It's not the closest to me, but when I'm in the neighborhood, it's good for takeout, as it's close enough to be hot when I get home.  My husband always gets Pad Thai and always loves it.  He loves it so much that he's never  let me taste it, so I can't say much about it.  :)I typically get Pad See Ew.  Most of the time it's great; this last time it was mediocre.  The noodles and meat are always pretty good, but this time the broccoli was a little bitter - maybe it was old, maybe it was over cooked, but some pieces of it were almost inedible.  Despite this, we will go back. The food is consistently good.  I agree with some of the other posters about the servings getting a bit smaller.  I'd like them to go back to the "regular" size.
4	Came here for the lunch special and left a satisfied diner.  I opted for the pad thai lunch special and my friends went for a red curry and a yellow curry.  I tasted everything on the table and they were all pretty grubbin'.  Decided to try out their thai iced coffee and that went down to the gut rather quickly.  Sweet and savory makes for an awesome thai coffee!!  Small, peaceful, and not bad on price for a lunch special.  Server was attentive with refills and very nice throughout the duration of our stay.  Will be back again to try some of the other available entrees so stay tuned!
4	I showed up a good fifteen minutes before my better half and waited to be acknowledged and seated for nearly that long, which pretty much set the pace for the rest of the service that meal, but that is really the only complaint that I have.  As is my habit when hitting a Thai place I haven't tried before, I ordered a variety of dishes.  Flavors hit the right notes pretty much across the board and it was a very satisfying meal.  Will definitely stop by again when I'm in the neighborhood.
5	Excellent food, like in Thailand!! I was really surprised. Tom yam koong was great, pad woon sen as well. 5 stars! I will definitely come again.
4	LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE! I have been a few times.  And I have never had a bad meal here!  And great service!
2	I've been to lots of Thai restaurants for their lunch special. Penn's Thai House is the only one so far that doesn't offer pad se ew noodles or sweet and sour. I asked if I could get pad se ew for the lunch special and they said no.  I ordered beef pad Thai, it was not good at all.  There was hardly any beef and the pad Thai was not good. It was too sweet. The only positive is that the egg drop soup is good.The crsipsy garlic chicken is delicious
2	This place is ok. There is kind of a smell when you walk in. The service was great. Food was eh. Water is gross. Get something else to drink.They were out of a few things. like catfish. They told another couple they were put of a noodle.  Crab ragoons were cold in the middle.
5	Five stars for authentic, delicious Thai dishes that compare favorably with the best West Coast Thai restaurants.  Not much to look at, but don't hesitate.  The service is friendly, attentive, and prompt, and the yum nua, spicy cashew chicken, and panang curry ... Awesome.
4	I would come here once and week and would like to consider myself a regular here except none of the waitress know who I am. None the less I still come here for the Yellow Curry and Pad Thai, I am white so I don't know a whole lot about quality Asian Cuisine but this gets it done for me. I am still wondering about their "award winning" green tea buns that they still never have had in stock.  Service is garbage they usually seem like they always forget someones food but thats the trade off for quality Thai food I guess!
3	I enjoyed everything I ordered, but my big complaint is that there was no spiciness option. Every other thai restaurant I've been too lets you choose how spicy you want your food, usually on a 1-10 scale. So while the flavor of everything was great, I would have liked a few dishes to be spicy. I got the Tom Yum with shrimp, eggplant with black bean, beef pad prik khing, and chicken pad woon sen. Besides the lack of spiciness, my only other complaint was that the pad prik khing was mostly green beans, not too much meat.  Will definitely return, and I'd like to try their $6.95 lunch special.Update: went back the other day and tried the crispy garlic chicken and the pad thai. Crispy garlic chicken was nothing to get excited about, and I thought the portions were pretty small. Bumping this place down to 3 stars from 4.
3	If you like spicy - this is the place for you! I normally order an 8/10 at Thai restaurants but this place was unexpectedly hot. You probably want to knock a few notches off whatever spicy rating you normally pick because they don't mess around.
4	Spicy fried rice with chicken... Yummy
5	Fabulous. Family run and all the food is excellent.  Don't hesitate to eat at the restaurant even though curbside it looks odd. You won't be disappointed. We've been eating here for years. Cheers
4	Even though we had GPS, we missed it and drove past it the first time. Once we parked and entered the air-conditioned restaurant, we were greeted by a fish tank full of fish and the lovely server who showed us to a booth. We ordered the large Tom Yum soup (mild spice level with chicken) $9.95 and the Pad Thai (mild spice level with pork) lunch special which came with a bowl of fluffy white rice and fried hot and crispy egg roll $6.95. The large soup was enough for four bowls worth of soup, so we were able to enjoy seconds of this delicious hot and sour soup. The Pad Thai was sweet and savory, peppered with pork, scrambled egg, onion and crisp mung bean sprouts. I wish I could make white rice as light and fluffy as they do here, but that seemingly simple skill eludes me. For dessert, we had the steamed green tea buns. The bun was as good as the best buns I've had in San Francisco's Chinatown. The green tea custard filling was silky smooth and lightly sweet, not cloyingly sweet like most vanilla milk custard buns I've had at SF Chinatown dim sum restaurants and bakeries. I should know because I've eaten more than my fair share! The interior of the restaurant is clean and basic, typical of most small business type restaurants. I thought the prices were on par for the good food and good service, plus I didn't have to pay extra for "trendy" atmosphere. I would definitely add this restaurant into my work week lunch rotation if it was closer to work.
4	This is one of the best tasting Thai places in SE Vegas. The loss of star is from the interior and somewhat hit-or-miss in quality of service. I've been there over five times and half of the times I have been there the servers have been rather slow and not very attentive. The interior needs a bit of attention and seems to be falling apart a little, but not enough to be disgusted, but enough to be noticed. Food is amazing! I typically get one of the curries and great thai tea! The food is also very very reasonably priced.
4	We went to this restaurant for lunch to celebrate a birthday with our Thai friend because the reviews we had read were quite positive.  We have to agree.  There were plenty of menu selections.  The papaya salad was decent, but the favorite dish was the yellow curry; it was a delightful taste. Our server said they make their own curry in house.  We recommend it.  Pad Thai was also very good, not dry like some Thai places we've tried.  Chili Mint was a new entree for most of us, but we will definitely try it again in the dinner portion in the future.  For desert we tried green tea buns and we shared a nice scoop of coconut ice cream garnished with whole peanuts.Our Thai friend said their food is prepared in authentic Thai taste.  We will return in the near future.  The only comment we would make about the premises is that signage is not obvious and it is in an area surrounded by small industrial businesses so you wouldn't be drawn to its location as an eating establishment.  The interior is nothing special (simple) but do not let that deter you from going in.  The food will win you over.  We are already planning who we will take there next.
1	Oh what a difference a year makes. One year ago I loved Penn's Thai House. The awesome Jaime W. recommended this place, and she was right in recommending them. Penn's was good, so good that I went outside of my comfort zone to try different textures and flavors that I never thought I'd try. Lunch, dinner, persuading my family to pay a bit more and give them a try, I had Penn's at 5 stars and showed my support with my feet walking in the door and spending $50 minimum on my night orders and giving 25% tips for lunch.That was then. The love I had for Penn's has been crushed. I visited about 2 months ago hoping to rekindle the love and happy Thai food experience I missed. Instead the food made my family sick and my sister in law said never again. I would pass over Sunset on the 95 and look over at the green neon at night...And wish for the old days. Then came word of Penn's making it onto the dreaded Channel 13 Dirty Dining segment. I read the story, SNHD said Penn's hired a top food safety expert to clean them up. I found myself craving good spicy Thai...and through strange circumstances I found myself with 45 minutes to spare and I'm 3 blocks away. Off I went...would I be able to find happiness again? Had the expert done his job? This is Vegas, sometimes you gotta take a chance....The building is the same, but the soulless lunch plate of chili mint chicken and boring egg roll and circa 1980 school cafeteria grade egg drop soup left no doubt in my mind that the Penn's I loved was gone. Tack on the extra $1 for using a debit card under $10 and service that was cold and aloof and when I walked out the door I said I was done. I believe in redemption and giving second chances. Penn's got that opportunity...and they blew it. When it was good, it warranted placement on my Mythical 6th Star list. Now it's just a waste of commercial space. Better alternatives are less than 15 minutes away. You would be better off to use the Yelp app and find them. 1 Star, under protest....what a shame.
4	It's a hole in the wall but it's a jewel! The food was delicious and our server was very nice. My friend and I ordered the ground chicken basil (medium) and the panang chicken curry with brown rice on the side. It was to die for! Their Thai tea was also quite tasty. I'm definitely going to recommend this to others.
4	SECOND TIME AROUNDI once had dinner here and I walked away mystified by it's over all rating. That was many years ago. These days five of my contemporary Henderson Yelp friends swear by their reviews that this place is for real.This time it'll be for a late lunch.  We walk in and of course we recognized the latticed wall paper near the ceiling. Seating arrangement and furniture was essentially the same. A few more crookedly hung pictures and the walls now painted with a coat of beige paint.  Again their fishtank is the first thing that greets you.  This time there's a Thai angel right beside it.  Missing is anything commemorating the Thai Royal Family.With a much fancier menu with photos in our hands, our server mentioned that lunch specials were still available even though it's a few minutes past 3pm. Lunch selection didn't leap at us.  So we decided to try the following entrees: Pork Pad Se Ew, Crispy Garlic Chicken and one each of the Green Tea and Custard Buns.Our server didn't mention spiciness for the Pad Se Ew.  So they delivered to us "plain Jane" version.  No problem.  Spice tray on every other table.  The Crispy Garlic Chicken was dangerously addictive with it's thick coating of sticky brown molasses sauce and sprinkles of minced garlic. This style is most reminiscent to Northeastern Chinese Korean spicy sweet garlic fried chicken wings. One of our favorite styles of eating chicken wings.The tasting of the two different styles of steamed buns was a pleasant send off.  Yu-go chauffeur and I agreed that we preferred Custard filled bun over the Green Tea.Patronizing Hendertucky restaurants and businesses has always been a priority for us. Glad we listened to our friends and revisited Penn's Thai House.PS  @ Lisa R. thanks for sharing your story of you and your friend walking to the car joint next door. I have a broken car door actuator that the dealership wants my next born for ransom.
5	First time here and went for lunch.  Small hole-in-the-wall type of place. From my experience places like these are usually good. Ordered the pad thai, thai papaya salad, and yellow curry.  They came out excellent and authentic with the spice level perfect. Definitely coming back to try the rest of the menu.
4	Great food and service! We ordered the crispy garlic chicken, pad thai, and tom kha chicken soup. We'll definitely be going back for more! We're only giving it 4 stars because the room itself lacked decoration and ambience.
5	We have been coming here for years and have never had a bad meal. The only thing I've noticed is occasionally the take out portions are smaller then what you get in the restaurant. Other then that no complaints!
3	My husband suggested Thai food, so I agree and we we head out, from our side of town, this place is a ways off. So after 45 minutes driving, we are on the look out, we drive right pass the small little shopping center.  But we finally arrive and walk in, no one here except the staff. We get seated and take a look at the menu, by this time my stomach is growling so I'm hoping the food is good.We got crispy stuffed chicken, very crunchy and dipping sauce was sweet chili. We also got a fat noodle dish, pad see ewe with chicken, this had some good flavor!We had to try the panang beef curry, it was decent and to finish it off we got the pork with green beans. Our spice level is always about a five and I thought it could be under spiced.  Good service, food had good flavors, place was clean, it was a bit of a drive, but if on that side of town, a stop for sure.
2	food here is WAY TOO EXPENSIVE. $10.75 for pad se ew?! the portions are not even big. don't think i will be coming back for their overpriced mediocre food. back to my quest for a great Thai place.
5	This place definitely surprised me! I came here with a friend who said their food was amazing. And, since I believe everything I hear, I agreed to go with him. The restaurant space isn't huge, but it's warm and has a nice feel. We were sat quickly and our drink orders were taken almost immediately.After scouring the menu, we decided to finally order. We ordered the pad Thai with beef, mussuman curry and the crispy garlic chicken. All three dishes were incredible. Surprisingly large portions. Too large, in fact! We almost ate everything in front of us. The only thing left on the table was a spoonful of rice and our chopsticks. I will definitely be going back! After I spend a week in the gym because god knows we consumed roughly 157,000 calories!
4	Definitely a hidden gem in Henderson! There's a saying don't judge the book by its cover, don't judge the place, judge the taste of their food ,and their hospitality. My girlfriend and I think this Thai place serves the best pad Thai and crispy garlic chicken in Henderson or maybe in Vegas hahaha.. Penns will make you crave more of their food and will never get tired of it! Our top 5 that you must order are 1.pad Thai 2.crispy garlic chicken 3.tom kha soup 4.pad see EW 5. Pandan steam buns
5	How has a review not been written about this place? Thai food is not one of the cuisines that I will go out of my way for. Yet when I do crave it or think about it, Penn's is one of the restaurants that sticks out in my mind the most. I tend to get the same thing every time. The crispy garlic chicken is crack. The crisp and light outer shell does not get soggy in the tangy and sweet garlic sauce. I could eat this for days. I wish that I could justify doing so. The pad thai is good. I like that it is not super sweet. The massaman curry is delicious. I try to vary my ordering habits, but it is so difficult to change from certain items. I keep wanting to save room for these famous green tea buns, but I tend to be out of luck. The two times that I have been here, they have always ran out. Maybe I should just elevate my chances of success by going more often.
4	What a delicious lunch I had here.It's pretty small. I'd say it looks pretty hole in the wall. Most of the seating is booths and there are some Thai artwork on the walls. There was only one woman serving and hosting. Which kind of was lame. All things aside the review is ultimately for food and then the cost related to the experience. I had a Thai tea for $2.50 which was really good! Some places miss the actual tea flavor. This was the perfect size for the prize  and the flavor was really good. This is probably my favorite Thai tea in town.We got the stuffed chicken wings aka angel wings as a starter.For $10 I thought the wings could be bigger. It came with two. Maybe add a third one or make the two bigger. They were good. Came out hot and with sweet and sour sauce. A solid 4 out of 5.For entrees we had pad se ewe, boat noodle soup, and their garlic chicken.The beef pad se ewe was really good. Probably the best pad see ewe I've ever had. The flavor was really good. It was perfectly cooked with a nice flavor from the wok if you know what I mean. It wasn't too greasy or overly salty. My one complaint would be the small serving size. I believe this was $10 or $12. That is a good price but the amount just seemed a little small. It could have had more noodles, Chinese broccoli, and or more beef. The garlic chicken was really good! This is served with white rice and is really just addicting. It's basically the same orange chicken concept but with a different sauce. The sauce is so good! It's garlicky and really balanced in my opinion with some slightly sweet notes.This is $10 and could be easily shared by two people if you get extra rice.Last we had boat noodles. Boat noodles are like the super awesome Version of Thai style pho. It's served in Thailand at the floating market off of boats hence the name. The broth is really dark and rich. There is also liver, beef slices, rice noodles, and meat balls. I say this isn't for everyone but I thought it was so good! It had so much flavor. This was $8 bucks which I think is a good price for such a complex bowl of noodle soup.Our service was good. She was slow to get to us but she was alone. She could have checked on us a bit more and refilled out drinks more. She did make sharing easy for us by bringing an extra soup bowl and plates so I can't complain. Overall I had a really good lunch here. The food itself is a solid 4.5 for sure. Just a small MINOR gripes if I want to nit pick. The one thing keeping me from making it a five is that they were understaffed and the prices. Just at a glance at the menu and the serving size of a couple of our dishes I think the prices on certain dishes could be a little lower.
5	Very nice place- good food and good service ..They were ready to make vegan and pure vegetarian dishes .They finished the meal by giving us oranges.  Neat!
5	When you walk in the door this may occur to you as a cheesy hole in the wall spot...but you couldnt be more wrong. It was everything I wanted it to be...and then some. Our waitress truly treated us like family. We asked what a guava tasted like and she cut one up for us and explained her experience with them. All of the food was amazing for my whole party of 5. I got the Pad See Ew and it was perfection. I highly recommend this place.
5	another thai love of mine. love the crispy garlic chicken. be prepared to smell like garlic the rest of the day and wouldn't bring a date unless you both share it but this is the best dish ive had. its a hole in the wall joint nothing spectacular a little dingy but who cares. I also get the beef prik king and chicken fried rice. the pad thai is pretty decent. so far everything I get is spot on. cant go wrong with this choice. perfect for a quick lunch on break.
5	So good!!! My peeps from work and I eat here like 2 or 3 times a week! Crispy garlic chicken, yellow curry, beef salad, shrimp fried rice are the bomb!!!! :)
3	Saturday afternoon. Hungry for Pad Thai. The door handle was a struggle to get open. Thought they were closed but I was really craving a good Thai dish and forged on twisting the handle hard. I would have given this place 4 stars but really the dish wasn't that memorable. The tables looked clean and the staff was friendly but pretty involved in their own convo. I took a seat in a booth and ordered Pad Thai Chicken. The Thai Ice tea was refreshing. A retail neighbor walked in saying he's watched several people walk away when they saw the couldn't get the door handle to open to this place. I paid 12.45 + tax for pad Thai and a tea. They stuck on a $1.00 sur charge for not paying cash. $15 minimum to use your card. Eh, guess I missed that on the menu. (Groaning- hate being nickeled and dimed). It was a fair experience. I do kind of giggle at Thai ladies screaming at each other, although in their own native tongue I would imagine that's just normal conversation. To the outsider it's kind of hilarious how animated they get. I felt like a guest in this ladies kitchen. I don't remember getting a "thank you" from her although I did say thank you to her.
3	Came here a long time ago and was finally in the neighborhood to give it another go.I remembered the food being good but not great...fair prices, just smaller portions....Still the same LOL.I ordered the Pad Kee Mao like I usually do. It was not a lunch special price, but it seemed to be a lunch special SIZE.  This was not very spicy (requested 10/10), and the pork used was cut THICK and chewy. I'd pass on this next time.Also had the Pad Thai lunch special. Good version of this dish...portion was fair for the lunch special and price....also comes with a cup of Egg drop soup.  Tons of white pepper inside it, but it was pretty good! If you are in the area during lunch, I would recommend it.  Otherwise, I'd pass personally.
5	I am always on the lookout for hidden gems, and Penn's Thai House is a great find.   I went in for the lunch special on a whim and I have been dining there as often as possible ever since.   I have yet to order anything disappointing, I hope you all enjoy it as much as I do!
4	I've been here 6 times, per my check-ins. I believe that it's consisted of 3 lunches, 1 dine-in dinner, and 2 take-out orders. After tonight, I think I'm ready to give it a more realistic 4 stars.Tonight's take-out was a beef pad woon sen. It was ready when I arrived in the 10-15 minute window. I opened it right away when I got home. Like the pad thai I had a while back, this was presented in aluminum foil instead of your standard foam box. I enjoyed the glass noodles, the mix of veggies including cabbage, carrots, tomatoes, and mushrooms, and the overall savory profile. I wasn't blown away, however, and the portion size seemed fairly modest.Thinking back to some of the other times that I've eaten here, I also wasn't absolutely awestruck. I wouldn't say that my to-go pad thai was the best pad thai I've ever had. Also, I don't hold on a pedestal my one dinner at the place, which I believe consisted of a green curry, a ground pork larb, and some other dish lost in memory.I have generally been happy with the lunch specials, and they're still $6.95. I really can't shake this impression that the noodle dishes weren't $9.95 last time though, and it's not like Vegas is starved for Thai places. For example, I have a menu from a fairly new restaurant where their noodle dishes, including pad woon sen, are just $6.95 for standard meats no matter what time of day. I can't seem to find an old menu or receipt for Penn's to be doubly sure. By the way, Penn's has a recently updated printed menu, although I don't think they added anythingOverall, I think it's just not the best Thai I've had in Vegas. The main reason I may still come here in the future is the proximity, but if I were to go out with my friends, I would look somewhere else.
4	Wow! Talk about hidden gem out in Henderson. One that may not frequent too often but always can count on Shirley B, and Suzy H guide me too all the ono food in Henderson. Penn Thai House is without doubt home run, knockout, and STEAMED GREEN TEA BUN real really reallyy make sure have room at the end of your meal, Also knock on wood and cross your fingers because buns so popular just might be out. Thankfully for my first visit they had some!!I came here for recovery lunch meal with training partner Suzy H for lunch. The lunch specials most part are all your standard ones see at most other Thai restaurants. Talk about cheap deal most of them are $6 something comes with soup, egg roll, and rice. In the same token talk about smaller portion then most Thai lunch specials.  I felt looking at the plate my chicken mint never really filled up the plate and just felt empty. The portion you did get I loved it! Just wished got more on the plate. The spice levels go from 1-10. I got 3. It was nice had slight kick but next time come go up notch or two. I like spicy food. Star the show was those Green Tea Buns. At first thinking Green Tea Buns sounds interesting. I love my Green Tea ice cream and really anything Green Tea. These Buns took my Green Tea love too another level! The steam bun on the outside is moist, hot, and really best steam buns ever had in Vegas. Now the addicting no more justice be Green Tea Custard ecstasy. The custard filling that comes out not only nice hot, creamy, and perfect balance of green tea but not overwhelming just right.  I had no idea which one wanted too attack more? Suck the filling out one shot or take in best of both worlds. All I do know is had two could have had dozen. Really that addicting. Talk about out in no where and if not looking for it never find the place. But if anywhere near Sunset Station and craving some good Thai food but more so some Green Tea Buns no doubt need too check out Penn Thai House. I know I will whenever am in the area.
5	Most authentic thai food we've had yet in Henderson or Vegas. Service very good. We will be back.
5	I found Penn's thai from the Las Vegas News restaurant ranking.  This place is great try the Pad Thai!
2	I decided to stay on my own side of town for Thai and was dissapointed. Penn's is located in a rundown strip of businesses where the bright green neon is only partially lit so it's easy to find. Walking in you feel like you are stuck in an 80's restaurant with oversized booths, bad decor, horrible lighting and a sad looking fish tank. Getting so many good reviews I was looking forward to the food. I really liked the crispy garlic chicken, I wish I had two orders of it. The Pad Thai just ok. It left a sour pickling taste in my mouth that I never experienced before. The fried was was a let down. Very bland and the beef was grey in color. The service was a bit slow. There was only one women taking care of the entire place. She may have been the chef as well for all I know.I wish I had the experience some others had since I live relatively close but it looks like a little bit of a drive is needed for something more satisfying.
4	Food was good and it was a nice establishment. Friendly oh and did I mention the food was good? Because it is
4	More like 3.5 stars rounded up based on my experience. First of of all, they are located in kind of an obscure place alongside other businesses. If you werent actually looking for this place you will have never known these guys were here. When you come in the place does not look like a typical Thai setting. You know like some kind of Buddhist doll statue or painting of some sort. I do admit though their menu is nicely organized and has pictures for your visual reference.I came for lunch so specials for this time frame is what I look for. They have a decent section on the menu for 6.95. Your choice of entree whether its pad thai, chow mein, chili mint, etc. Then you choose the type of meat whether its pork, beef, chicken, or tofu. Comes with eggdrop soup, eggroll, and steamed rice. Refer to my pic for the complete details.What I got was Mongolian Chicken. The Eggdrop Soup came in a standard small cup. It was hot and flavorful. Would of been even better if it was my soup of choice which is Hot n Sour. The Eggroll was really good. Crispy on the outside with accompanied by the semi crispiness of the veggies inside. Dipped in the sweet chili sauce it comes in only makes it taste better. As for the main course, I thought it had good flavor to it. The carrots were cooked just right where it's still a bit crispy but soft enough to chew easily. Only thing lacking I thought was the portion size.Since I had my eye on the tofu appetizer, I ended up getting that because I was not yet quite full and my love for tofu will always be there. When it came out I was very pleased with how the tofu was cut into perfect small squares and cooked to golden crispy perfection. Of course you gotta have the sweet chili sauce with crushed peanuts to dip in. You can eat it by itself but the sauce is the Ying to its Yang so dont be afraid to drown those suckers in that bad boy!Service was very good. From the moment I was greeted all the way to the moment I paid, I didnt really have to ask for anything except order the tofu.In closing, this is a solid place for that Thai food craving any time you are in the area. Just dont forget how they are situated in this weird plaza/strip area. Next time, I am getting the Garlic Chicken for sure. Oh, and paying for your meal with plastic there is a 15 dollar minimum. You can still pay with plastic still even though its under 15. They just throw in a dollar fee for the convenience of you not carrying cash.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #104 "Thai Me Up!"
3	The mango sticky rice is OUT OF THIS WORLD. Too bad its 8$ ! That was more than my pad thai lunch combo. Which was so-so, might I add. It was very bland and didnt really taste like much of anything. There was not a single peanut and no sauce either. The eggroll it came with was also soggy and luke warm. If it werent for the sticky rice, i would give this place ONE star.
5	I've been here a handful of times and tried a different thing each time. Always consistently great tasting...service is always attentive and accurate. Will return next time I am in the area. The only thing I would improve is seating. I had the red beef curry, it was delicious...next time I will do seafood red curry
5	In a different life, Pizza Cat was Thai Cat.But its been years since I enjoyed good Thai food.... YEARS. So really, I don't know much more than the next gringo. I do have vague flashbacks of what really good Thai food was... but they're like a dream, long ago... That being said, I can't really say if Penn's Thai House is good Thai food because I haven't had any to compare it to. All I can say is that its one of the best Thai food I had in Las Vegas, and I'm grading on a curve, so it's 5-stars (but that has a lot to do with the mediocre Thai food I've eaten in LV). The place is sparse and in a run-down shopping center. However this hasn't deterred me. I kinda likes the divey thai places, feels more authentic.Onto the food... not the most inventive or unique menu... mostly Americanized Thai dishes, but that's ok. Also + points for not having Kung Pao Chicken on the menu.Papaya Salad was on point but nothing special. Check out the photo of the Seafood Pad See Ewhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/penns-thai-house-henderson?select=kmVjMSxVYwGq0Rt0ftuOJA#xKptV9lDKG2PdTRa0z6ACgWhat do you see there? That's right! Chinese broccoli. Score! And big tender pieces of perfectly pan-fried seafood. Oh... Ruen Pair, how I miss you so. This is LV's kissing cousin. This dish was delicious, reminds me of my late nights eats at Hollywood's Thai Town. Panang was a bit sweet for my taste but forgivable. Personally, this is how I like my Panang, just sauce and meat, maybe a few basil leaves thrown in. Much better than other Panangs I've had around town. The Beef Nam Tok was right on point. Check out the photohttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/penns-thai-house-henderson?select=kmVjMSxVYwGq0Rt0ftuOJA#PxoFbrjrdcmprup4Qg3n4ALook at all the mint they hooked me up with! Score! Nam Tok was definitely a winner and just as I remembered it, puckering-sour and spicy-minty, all at the same time. Prices are a bit high, definitely higher than I remember paying for Thai food. But this place is worth it, I want to see them succeed. It's not unusual for me to go and order $30 of food for myself (Tomcat doesn't do Thai food). I've got no problems supporting the local economy and it's just as much as I'd spend at that "other" place, you know the one with all the taxi-cabs, the one I have a love/hate relationship with.
5	Best Thai food we have had so far! We will keep coming! Coworkers love it too! Thank you for yummy Thai food! Drunken noodles are the best!
4	This is a reason for people to get on Yelp or else they would never find this hidden Henderson hole in the wall restaurant located near our auto body shop.Special thanks to my Yelpers for their great reviews on Penn's...even moreso for their recommendation on the CRISPY GARLIC CHICKEN and GREEN TEA BUNS (Not on the menu and I would appreciate you keeping it a secret as well ;)Green Tea Buns...deep sigh. I never tried them but saw they were a popular Yelp item so I wanted to see for myself. I almost made the mistake of getting only 6, but quickly rectified my order to 12 when I imagined my voracious family gobbling them up like Pac Man pellets. I am so glad I did. As soon as I brought home the dozen of these cold little buns, popped them in the microwave under a damp paper towel for about 25 seconds (did 2 at a time), they were gone! These fluffy buns are so light and the green tea filling is so delicately sweet with a slight coconuty taste that melts in your mouth. I LOVE these and will be back for more.The Crispy Garlic Chicken is perfect. Crunchy, deep fried battered white meat chicken with the best crust in a sticky, sweet, salty, tangy sauce that is perfectly balanced. This is another favorite that I will come back for.Ambiance is nothing special but who cares...the food is great and service is friendly. But keep your hands off my buns!
5	We were looking for Chinese take out and stumbled upon this on yelp. They don't deliver but it is worth picking up. Their curry is amaze balls!!!
5	My favorite Thai in Vegas. I go back over and over again!!!
4	Ok, so you read the other reviews and maybe you think I am just being a lemming.  No, I think this very non-descript place has it going in the taste and authenticity departments.  Today at lunch was my 2nd visit as I was torn between my satisfaction at Ping Pong Thai down further on Sunset and this place.   So today I had their chicken satay app, papaya salad Lao/Thai style and then the awesome green tea steamed buns!  Yes, they had them today!   The satay app is rather hearty.  5 skewers of marinated grilled chicken served with the traditional peanut sauce and a small refreshing cucumber salad.It was very good and I used the peanut sauce sparingly;  just enough for added flavor. Their payaya salad blew away Ping Pong's version.   They grate the payaya just slightly larger so it has great texture and crunch.   Instead of tomato slivers they use halved baby roma tomatoes which explode with tomato-y flavor.  They cut the long beans just large enough so you know they are beans.  The dressing is very light, non-oily and you can order your heat accordingly.   Loved it!I ended with the steamed green buns.  They are little pillows of deliciousness!   HINT: Order the steamed buns when you order your food because they come to your table freshly steamed so the interior green tea filling needs time to cool a bit otherwise you might get molten filling tongue burn...Ouch!    The buns are about 2.5 inches in diameter and are soft and fluffy.   The filling is just slightly sweet and redolent of green tea aroma and taste.   These tasty treats are so deceptively good that you could easily eat 6 and never know it, so I limited myself to 2.  I say if you want to try some authentic Thai food in an unpretentious clean little place do come here.
5	Food is great I loved it orange chicken is bomb I've tried this place 2 times already price is perfect not expensive it's like pf changs but better
3	We came here on a Friday evening and ordered 1. Pad Thai beef, 9.95- Stir-fried thin rice noodles with egg, onion and bean-sprout 2. Yellow curry chicken, 10.95- spicy yellow curry paste, coconut milk, potatoes, and carrots. for $26- Booth seating. -  Yellow curry had blocky potatoes and large onions. Sloppy. Comes with side rice. Chicken overcooked, a bit too hard.- Pad thai too sweet. - no spice level option. FAIL- Service was pleasant. - Average Thai restaurant. - They do have lunch special options from 11-3pm M-F. Comes with egg drop soup, egg roll and steamed rice.
4	I really do like the food here so far everything i have tried ive liked. The chicken curry panag  and pad thai are my favorite. Oh and the pinnae fried rice too. The only thing i would say is dont order water it taste horrible like from the faucet or something. Wish it was closer to my house grrr
4	Driving by this place you probably wouldn't even think twice to stop in, but you would be a fool if you didn't.  Inside isn't anything to write home about, but that's no big deal once you're greeted by one of the nicest staff in Las Vegas.Traditional Thai food at it's best!  Big portions and every portion was begging to be eaten.  So good!  I would totally recommend to my friends and family.
4	The green tea buns where delicious. Someone buys a dozen of them to go. We should have more. The crispy garlic chicken was really good too.
4	I love me a good thai place and this spot is another to add to my list! I heard about this place from a co-worker so today we decided to get lunch from their lunch special menu. We ordered over the phone  and it was ready super quick.  One of my co-workers and I got the Red Curry(hers with Tofu and mine with Pork) and my other co-worker got the Chow Mein with chicken as well as some thai teas. I was super hungry just from the smell and gobbled it all down without taking a picture AGAIN, boo me :(.  Anyways we all enjoyed our lunch, although some extra pieces of pork wouldn't hurt. This place is definitely a hole in the wall kinda place but once you find it you should definitely hold on!
5	I am soooo lucky to have found this place. I wasn't sure where to get good Thai food since moving to Henderson. Tried one place and it was so-so.Then I looked on yelp and read the reviews about this "hidden gem".I dunno if the food tastes better because it's in a strip mall far removed from the malls and fast food chains... Off on it's own..or if there is just something in the water over there.. But wow! The soups are to die for. We started by just ordering curries, our favorite. But then started to expand. The pad Thai was so fresh tasting. I cannot wait to try everything on the menu!
5	The food was very fresh and delicious.  All the flavors are very clean and prices are very reasonable.  Bar B Q chicken was outstanding and the Tom Ki soup was absolutely delicious!  We also had the Penang chicken five star ,  with sticky rice it too was very good.  We look forward to coming back and trying new items on the menu everything is so fresh and delicious I would recommend this place to everyone!
5	Very clean, and delicious food! Love it:-)I recommend this place:-)) loved the Mongolian chicken and the vegetable soup. Can't wait to come back and try new food from their menu.
5	Food was excellent! Had crispy garlic chicken and green tea bun to go. Fast fresh food!
4	This gem is really close to my house and I'm glad Yelp helped me find it. It will be my go-to place when I'm at home and crave Thai.My husband and I went here for dinner. He had the yellow curry with chicken and I had the panang curry with shrimp. We both got medium heat and were happy with the level of spice. Just enought to be a little hot but the flavors still shined. We both liked our dishes but agreed the panang was the winner. So good! I think next time I will pair it with beef, it would compliment it better. We also had crab rangoon as the appetizer. They were decent, not greasy at all which is nice. Top it with a couple of Singhas and the meal was great.I saw others on Yelp didn't like the portion size. I found the portions to be perfect to fill you up with no extras to take home. I personally don't like having extras since I usually do other things after a meal before going home and hate food to be wasted so a meal size portion is perfect for me.Sevice was great, decor was average for small diner type place. Price was pretty good, $55+ tip for two meals, app and 4 beers. I'll be back!
5	Fabulous meal in Henderson. Ate here based on other Yelp reviews and so glad we did! Don't let the strip mall atmosphere deter you. We had 3 appetizers - chicken satay, Crab Rangoon, and summer rolls. All delicious including the sauce that came with them. Had 3 entrees - yellow curry, pad thai, sweet and sour pork. Especially loved that the sweet and sour wasn't your typical breaded and fried mess. Each entree was expertly prepared and delicious! We were full but had to try the green tea buns (also based on reviews) and so glad we did. So yummy, light and not too sweet. The waitress said they don't always have the buns. She said most people have to call ahead and order them. We got lucky!!! We hope to go back again before leaving the Vegas area.
4	The decor is rudimentary but the few is absolutely awesome.We had the Garlic chicken which is crunchy and sweet spicy garlic. We also had spicy eggplant. Wow. Get it medium spicy but if you are a wimp about spicy ask for mild but the mdium is just the right amount of kick. The sauce is yummy and thinner which is different from the greasy sauses that this dish is usually made with. We also had beef panang.We kept going back for more and stuff ourselves (and I rarely do that but just....it sas all so TASTY)Thai Iced Coffee was major league sweet so get it with extra ice. My friend had the Thai lite beer. Good and cold and a nice compliment to the spicy meal.The waitress was extremely pleasant and the food came very quick braought out as it was ready. No fancy prep lookI took away 1 star for the ambiance. But no-nonsense great Thai food
5	Love love love this place!  Everything we've tried is excellent and the service is excellent. Our favorites are the chicken sate w extra peanut sauce, spicy fried rice and spicy beef salad.   They also really make things to order so the kids get what they want and we get extra spicy.
5	Been here a couple of times, don't let the exterior fool you. This has got to be one of the best places in town for Thai. Friend that works on the strip who is in the food industry was nice enough to bring me here! I recommend this place to everyone.
4	Very nice place, glad I went to Yelp to find Thai House. Would like more description on the menu. Got to remember to find the veggies.
4	First, I love Yelp for leading me to this place!!I felt like I walked into this little hole in the wall restaurant and someone's Thai grandma made me lunch. It was superb. We had the summer rolls, Tom Kha soup and yellow curry fried rice. If we end up on this side of town again, this place will be high on the list!!
5	Still some of the best Thai in town.  The location is a little out of the way but worth the trip.  Great food, good prices, friendly service.
5	My favorite Thai place near my house! The owner makes her own sauces and even makes Green Tea Buns on occasion. All of the waitresses are really friendly and the quality of food is great whether dining in or taking to-go! My go-to's are the Pad Thai of course, Panang Curry, Pad See Ew, and Tom Kha. It's pretty funny cause anytime I go with my mom, they already know my mom is going to have the Pad Thai and that I'm going to have the Panang Curry lol It's hard to try something else when you're always craving those certain items! Their Pad Thai isn't as sweet as some places like Archi's, and also their Panang Curry is a bit thicker than other places as well.  Which I prefer for both. Everything is always super fresh and really flavorful.They have great lunch specials for $6.95 Monday-Friday from 11am-3pm:-Pad Thai-Chow Mein-Mixed Vegetables-Beef Broccoli-Chili Mint-Red Curry-Yellow Curry-Green Curry-Spicy Chili Pepper-MongolianThey all come with Egg Drop soup, Egg Roll, and steamed rice.Next time I swear I have to try their Crispy Garlic Chicken, Green Tea Buns, and Beef Salad!
4	Sticky, sticky, oh so sticky crispy garlic chicken!I don't know exactly what goes on in this dish at Penn's but I like it. There is something in that sauce that makes you want to lick the entire foil plate clean. (Not even kidding) That sauce goes great with everythingggg and the chicken is so crispy and tender that it just makes for a delight in your mouth :OOther than the chicken, the other Thai dishes are really tasty and good quality. I've have the pad thai and fried rice from here and I can definitely taste the difference here compared to other Thai establishments in Henderson. But that chicken though!I have to admit that the first time I came to Penn's was not what I expected. It is located in... a less desirable? side of town and you wouldn't even think there would be a Thai restaurant in this plaza but behold!Parking has never been a problem here so that's another plus. Have I mentioned the chicken yet?
4	They have incredible food and the service is fantastic. Will absolutely travel from anywhere to come and dine here!
4	Loveee this place! Now, it is a bit of a hole in the wall since I never would've imagined that such amazing Thai food would be in an obsure plaza. My friend recommended the Crispy Garlic Chicken. Oh man does it live up to all its great reviews. I swear the sauce that it's drenched in is like crack. I could never get enough of it! Somehow they get the chicken so soft and tender but it's still perfectly crisp on the outside. I also got the Pad See Ew lunch special for $6.95. It was really tasty and fresh! The portions were just right too.Service was fast and the owners were pretty nice! I definitely will be coming back here!
5	Best thai food joint in Vegas! We were in the neighborhood (picking up our stash at Maximum Comics) and I was craving thai food. Saw the reviews on Yelp and decided to give it a shot and I'm so glad we did! Everything here is delicious but my favorite dish is the Beef and Meatball noodle soup! I've been on a search for one that's equivalent to Long Beach thai boat noodles since moving to Vegas 6 years ago and after much disappointment, I finally found this little gem. If you like pho, you should definitely try the Thai version, you won't regret it. Even my boyfriend is hooked. Overall: great food, great price and awesome customer service. 5 stars all around.
