4	as a crew member always on the go, looking for a good, reasonably priced airport meal, PB is super!make sure you purchase your meal before going through security and finish all your soda (3-1-1 ppl). if you forget to get it prior to security and have extra time, leave your bags with a friend and run over there.  i like the sandwiches, that come with a decent amount of meat. the soups are pretty good. sometimes they run out, but if you call ahead of time, they can run to the outside kitchen and bring some up for you. don't forget one of their awesome cookies for dessert. i'm a chocoholic, so i love the double chocolate decedent. there are tons to choose from.
5	Yet another reason for me to love Paradise Bakery. Awhile back right when spring break was coming to an end I was supposed to pick up my friend from Sky Harbor and we were going to drive back to NAU the next day. Unfortunately she is from Vermont and her flight kept getting pushed back more and more due to bad weather so I ended up waiting an extra hour and half at least. Luckily there was a Paradise Bakery right there with some coffee and cookies to keep me happy. Whoever thought of putting them in that terminal is genius! Thank you! Also they have this new cookie called a Lemon Fritter...if you like lemon and sugar cookies you need to try it!
4	Good eats.  It's in Terminal 4 BEFORE you get to security, so everyone can enjoy the meal and/or snack.  We ordered a chicken caesar salad, a southwestern caesar salad, a pumpkin muffin, and a small diet Coke for $21.35.  There was a decent amount of chicken in both the caesars.  The southwestern one featured tortilla strips instead of croutons, and a chipotle dressing instead of the usual caesar dressing.  Banquettes along one wall gave us plenty of room to sprawl, so we didn't have to rush to our gate and wait there for two hours.
4	This place offers cheap, good eats that are pretty much non-existent at the vast majority of US airports. The veggie sandwich and Thai chicken wrap were both quite good, although the Thai chicken wrap did taste more Chinese than Thai. Each only set us back $6 or so. Service was very friendly. The only thing we didn't enjoy was the supposedly infamous cookies - they were so sweet they left my mouth filled with little sores. Not a great way to end an otherwise very satisfying airport meal.
4	If you like crescents!! they have one of the most buttered and soft crescents i've ever had outside of Europe.  They are not half mooned shaped but a bit flatter and wider....all it's missing is some cheese!!! Wooooo...making me hungry as we speak.  Also they have the best fresh baked cookies in town!! Just as good as Specialty's! and not sooo sweet!!Go out and grab a cookie for the road!
5	It's not five stars outside the airport, but is five stars in the airport where good quality food at a reasonable price is a rarity.the cookies either have crack or meth in them - absurdly addictive - sandwiches are good.
2	I love Paradise Bakeries everywhere else, except for this one. We stopped by for breakfast during the holiday season. The muffins were dry and tasted worse than the ones they give you on the flight, the tea was yuck and the croissant did not look or taste fresh. Have had better. Will not be getting my future breakfast fixes here before a trip from Sky Harbor.
4	Four solid stars for being a great option among the plethora of really, really bad airport food in this country. I had half a mozzarella sandwich and half a berry summer salad. My wife had the same salad and a quiche.The quiche was large and tasty. The salads were good as well even if they had some canned fruit in there. At least the strawberries and blueberries were fresh (then again, have you ever seen canned strawberries?).I wish they would have places like this in every airport instead of all the greasy fast food or expensive and tasteless salads that usually are your only options.
4	Nice place to get a quick and healthy meal! We had the sandwich and soup combos and kid meals.
4	The Paradise Club is amazing! The sandwich was super delicious with the beef and sweet mayonnaise sauce. The service here was excellent that when we wanted our sandwich cut or wanted to add soup later, they didn't hesitate to customize it for us. Each order of a sandwich comes with a nice sized cookie so if the sandwich doesn't fill you up, the cookie will.Order the tomato soup because it was the best thing I had all day. It was super hot and just sweet enough that it makes your cheeks fill with joy.
4	We were on vacation in phoenix, and on the drive home our group was tired, hungry, cranky, and everything else that comes with a weekend of partying. We were looking for a bakery that was doing breakfast, but could not find anything. We stumbled across this place, and we settled for lunch. This was complete serendipity. We loved the food and the service was amazing, I think the girl who helped us was Ileen. She was incredible. We all got different sandwiches, they were all super fresh, and very tasty. The baked potato soup was amazing. And we got 4-5 free cookies as well.We walked out saying to each other, when we are back in the area, we need to come back here. This place kills Panera. KILLS IT.
1	I ordered the half sandwich and soup combo....so far so good.  She took what I thought was a half-sandwich and cut that in half!!!!   Oh boy, very small.  I attached a picturet.   Anyways, the soup was broccoli and cheese. That was pretty good.  Total was 8 bucks.  I'm not going back, I dont see what the hype is at this place besides it being at the airport.
5	If  you want a taste of PARADISE look no further Paradise Bakery & Cafe has what you need. Their menu has the basic essentials and then sum for soups, salads, sandwiches and baked goods. They advertise everything is made from scratch and always fresh which I know first hand as I am a frequent patron here. If your passing through Phoenix Sky Harbor and would like to satisfy your appetite this will be the place I highly recommend. For starters I would order a "half combination" which consist of a half sandwich half soup, half sandwich half salad or a half salad half soup. Paradise has a variety of sandwich choices from chicken, turkey, ham or even a vegetarian sandwich to go along with a wide selection of your choice of bread. Soups? take your pick depending on what day of the week it is is what they have available, however they always have their house special soup called the Roasted Tomatoe soup which they top off with crispy tortilla strips and a drizzle of sour cream and given a freshly oven baked dinner roll to compliment your soup. If a light salad is what your more in the mood for they can assist with that at the salad bar where you will feel empowered to make your choices known of what you would like your salad to turn out to be and while your at it don't forget to pick up a chocolate chip cookie, carrot cake, bagel or cinnamon roll all freshly baked from the oven.OASN: Soups are not permitted through security, however salad dressing in packets or small containers 3 ounces or less then are TSA and Airline permitted. Lastly, Paradise also has a just for kids menu which consist of Macaroni and cheese, Turkey or Ham sandwich or Peanut Butter & Jelly.Now go and get a taste of PARADISE!
2	Just grabbed a quick snack. The banana was good. Otherwise far from my favorite bakery
3	I came here to grab a quick coffee and snack. The coffee is a little watery and run down wouldn't suggest it. But the cookies, bread, and muffins are super yummy! I might have eaten the entire dozen of cookies I bought for the crew but nope I was good!
3	The coffee there was just ok, but pastries were good there. a great place if you were on the go, and want something light.
3	Have only tried their Muffins here.  I was in a rush to get to my gate and they happened to have the shortest line.  The service was very slow even though there was only one person in front of me....crazy.  The person working there was friendly though.  The Muffin was so/so.  I was expecting much better since I've had their Cookies at one of their Scottsdale locations and they were phenomenal.  Oh well, will have to give it another shot sometime.Return Factor - 64%
4	When it comes to airport eatin's, Paradise Bakery is at the top of the list. Yes, it's a chain, but it's not fast, over priced and sloppy. Rather it is fast, appropriately priced and prepared with care. It's the same great quality that you would expect from any other Paradise. The Fuji Apple Salad is yum and the Thai Chicken Wrap is fantastic. The service and cleanliness are great. Sometimes you can even get free cookie samples at the counter and most meals include a cookie. Just stopping by Paradise for some "chippers" to take to your friends or clients or just for a snack on the plane is worth it. My only hangup is that Paradise is pre-security, so unless you're eating before security, skip the drink and dress your salad or wrap before you get to TSA. Parfaits do not pass security. You've been warned!
1	Not impressed. The coffee is awful! Shouldn't it taste fresh brewed in the early a.m.? For some reason I decided to get a breakfast bagel sandwich which was nothing special. Most importantly though, the service sucked. We were the only ones in line but the girl behind the counter said to us 3 times, I can help you down here when you're ready. Okay, I get it! I don't see what her point was though cause she was rude and pushy when we did finally place an order.
1	(1.50 stars)  When I'm about to board a 5 hour flight, I stuff a sandwich and soda bottle into my messenger bag for later consumption.  The expectation is about as basic as I'm ever going to have regarding food.  Paradise Bakery, which apparently is a very well-regarded local chain, really needs to assess how to translate their successes into an airport setting.  Although she appeared to be very bored, the young lady at the counter was friendly-- no attitude problem.  I wanted mayo instead of their "Paradise Sauce," and she delivered here, as well.  The sandwich was reasonably thick with meat, greens and tomatoes.  Bread, which was understood to be their strong suit, was over-sized and a bit stale; perhaps I waited too long to eat it.  There were no bottles of unsugared soda, but water was fine.  Where did things go wrong?  First, there wasn't enough paper used to wrap the sandwich and keep it intact; how expensive would 3" of additional paper on a $7.50 sandwich have been?  Next, no napkins were packed; this should be an automatic at airport carryout.  Third, for some reason, a chocolate chip cookie was thrown into the bag.  For reasons which will be clear in a moment, it was very broken (but very tasty) when I found it.  Finally, although I specifically asked for a cheap plastic bag, I was given a froufrou paper mini shopping bag with an "adorable" paper handle.  I don't need to impress my fellow passengers with my good taste in shopping bags, I needed something which will neatly compress to be stowed.  If you have ever tried to reassemble a sandwich while in the middle seat of an airplane, you get the picture.  The end-product was adequate, with mayo and tomato covered hands as an added bonus.  Once again life teaches me that lowering your standards just a little ultimately means that reasonable expectations become unrealistic.
2	This Paradise bakery location in the airport is a subset of the finer Paradise locations in Scottsdale or around the Phoenix area. I though it was ok, but not great. The menu is small and the service is fair compared to others. (I must have also encountered the "bored girl" another Yelp reviewer spoke of.) Anyhow, the signature orange juice wasn't here, instead it was grocery store Orange Juice.I think I'd like to see Whole Foods open in an airport. At least the food would be good and the service predictable. Here's my theory on PB: Paradise is a franchise and the website says you need a high net worth to buy this shack. I've always thought this was funny. The downside of franchises is without proper corporate oversight, the franchisee will do everything to squeeze an extra penny of profit from every dollar of revenue.  PB lacks this oversight as their locations are increasing inconsistent, else the Phoenix market owner doesn't pay attention to detail. Skip this place and try something else at breakfast. The cookies are predicable and if you want something to go, the unhealthy cookie will tide you over until the next flight.
4	pretty good food for an airport cafe.  Even had organic apple juice, although it was $2.40 for a little juice box.  The bagel was toasted perfectly.  Staff were very friendly and courteous.
3	I stopped here while I was waiting at the airport for a flight back home.  The customer service wasn't the greatest.  I ordered a bagel with cream cheese -- took some time in order to get bagel, but the bagel was great for a breakfast meal.  I also tried a lemon cookie and it was soft and so good!  I prefer Panera Bread over Paradise.
4	Great sandwiches and cookies.
1	Carmen at the Terminal 4 Location has a bit of an attitude, took 10 minutes to make my two salads, and absolutely crushed all the apple chips in my figi apple chicken. I do not recommend this location, especially if she is working. Would be a more pleasant experience too if they had the same menu as other locations
5	Best recommendation from someone I met on a flight.  Thanks Mariko!And now on top of that, they opened a location on the terminal side.  So if you are just transiting through, you can still enjoy a great sandwich and some awesome cookies!
3	Got a hot tea for a little under $2. Line moved pretty quick and staff was helping to keep things organized despite a busy location.
5	We always get our Chicken Walnut Sandwiches on sourdough - mmmmm.  This is the best Paradise for service and consistent food quality.  I don't know if it is because they are so busy or because this is their training location.  The only thing we don't like is, they continually treat us like we are newbies, even when we hand them a Paradise Frequent Customer card (It gets tiring to continually tell them "yes, we know our order comes with cookies but we would still like to order extra cookies").  Even when the line appears long, they move it along very quickly.
4	We only go here for their Walnut Chicken Salad sandwich and cookies. I should probably reverse the order of that because the cookies are the real treat and we always take advantage of their two for one cookies.  A pet peeve we have is that the staff is trained to remind people that they already get a chocolate chip cookie with their sandwich  when they order an EXTRA chocolate chip cookie, so it is always like a "who's on first" banter until they figure out we really do want EXTRA chocolate chip cookies. Their staff seems to turn over a lot here so it is hard to deprogram them. We stop here EVERY time we are headed out of town anywhere near lunch time. Paradise is like a treat we look forward to before we get on an airplane. If we are running late, we just get it to go and eat on the airplane and make everyone jealous that they did not stop at Paradise too...especially when we pull the cookies out of the bag! Yum! They have recently opened another satellite location in Terminal 4 out by the C11-20 gates. We usually stop at the main one on Level 3.
3	OK, I am getting tired of catching the new employees overcharging me. Every time we go there there seems to be a new wave of newbies. We go there enough and always get the same thing so I know exactly how much it is supposed to cost. The last two times there I had to have a manager (also new) cancel and re-ring my purchase. The employees always want to debate with me so I just ask for the manager to double check the total. So far I am batting 1000. Today the guy had a bit of an attitude when I busted him. I always give them my loyalty card which shows them that we have been there well over 300 times. You would think that they would train their employees to pay attention to the customer visit count, especially with super-regular customers. We were wondering how much extra money they make $2 at a time with travelers that don't know any better. I have heard that this is a training location...trial by fire I guess in this always busy shop... but then someone else said it is not. I am still suspicious of all the new employees every couple weeks.The cookies and sandwiches are still awesome. The sandwiches may actually be the best of all the locations I go to, probably because they do so much business here that everything is always super fresh. It is hard to give the cookies less than 3 stars but if this problem persists I will be downgrading this location again.
5	For an airport restaurant the prices are very affordable while maintaining a great quality of food. I recommend trying out any of their salads.
4	This Paradise Bakery is in the Terminal 4 at Sky Harbor. It has been here for many years and they are always changing it up and cleaning it up.It is a nice place in between US Airways and Southwest.Something I found out a few days ago,They are Open 24 hours a day!Yes, it is true. I went there about 8:45 Monday night to pick up my girlfriend from the airport.They seemed like everyone was around the check out.I said are you closed already, they said, No,we are open 24 hours a day. I had to ask if I had heard right? This is a first for Sky Harbor. They have never had anywhere open 24 hours before.WOW, so if you are ever stuck there this is the place to go.They have lots of seating and by the way ,they food is good. Nice coffee and some really great little cookies.
5	Great sandwiches and cookies.  Reasonably priced as well.
3	Paradise Bakery & Cafe is just a codename for Panera Bread Company. And as wikipedia nicely puts it "As of 2009, it is wholly owned by Panera Bread."I would have to say that, much like Panera Bread, Paradise Bakery and Cafe is just OK. I do like that they have a plethora of options for a traveler on the go like myself, but I don't think that there is anything outstanding about any of those options. I typically will get a half sandwich/half salad or half salad/half soup and while I do have a favorite, I wouldn't go out of my way to get it if I had better options available. Their seating is severely limited that you probably will have to sit on the seats near your gate and have your meal. Not a fan! Overall, the items on the menu are fine, but they certainly lack imagination. I do like that they list their calorie count, so for someone who is conscious about what I eat, I can at least eat in peace knowing I'm not stretching my budgeted daily calories. They do offer a free cookie with your entree, which I should add is practically over half of my daily calories worth...I decided to eat it in the span of two days to feel better about it. The chocolate chip cookie was only OK, so it wasn't really worth it to eat all those calories in the end. Knowing how bad airport food can taste, I give Paradise three stars for being a better airport option than most and having a variety of options for all types of picky eaters.
4	I had never visited a Paradise Bakery so I thought I'd give it a try.  Their prices seemed reasonable ecspecially for an aiport location.  My wife said they usually have PB&J for kids.  I noticed it wasn't on the menu, but they did have it when I asked.  It was part of a kids meal that came with Gogurt and a cookie.  I'm not sure why they didn't have it on the menu.  I ordered a Cranberry turkey sandwhich and custimzed my order to take off the tomato and add cucumber.  I only mention this because my Mom and Wife were told by another cashier that they were not able to custimize sandwhiches.  I thought that was odd.  Either I had a nice cashier or they had a mean one I'm not sure which.  It wasn't busy so I thought he should have custimized their sandwhichs.  Maybe he was just lazy.  Overall I thought it was a good place with good food.
4	Got the roasted turkey and avocado BLT.  Light yet satisfying  at a reasonable price at the airport.  The service was very friendly and helpful.  Would definitely return for the same item.
5	Open 24 hrs, today at least :) Prices are more than fair & drinks, food, &desserts are delicious :) employees are kind & quick :)
4	Located in Terminal 4 - it's a safe spot for a quick, warm meal! I ordered a tomato mozzarella panini that came out promptly. The cheese was hot and melted in with the tomato sauce and fresh tomato slices. The ciabatta bread was crisp and buttery! The best part of the meal was the free cookie I found hidden in my to go bag!!!
5	Always delicious food here at paradise backery. This location is located outside the security checkpoint. I highly recommend getting a bite here if you want something quick, delicious, and on the healthier side. Sandwiches are awesome and so are the salads. And the cookies, ohh the cookies...delicious. They are usually buy one get one free. And an fyi for ya,  you get a free cookie when you buy a sandwich.
3	I stopped by here this past Saturday with my fiance for a pick me up after the long flight from Pittsburgh to Phoenix.  There wasn't much to the restaurant as it is set in a food court type setting in the Phoenix airport although I will say that they had a number of good looking pastries and cakes behind the glass which you could order.  After perusing the menu I was disappointed to see that they only had regular coffee and not anything special.  However my fiance wanted some green tea and was happy that she had two choices.  In addition to that she spotted a mini carrot cake behind the glass and decided that she wanted it as well.  My coffee ended up being just ok and while it wasn't great it was not too bad either.  The fiance had a much better time of it though as she loved the tea that she had and thought that the carrot cake was good as well.The bottom line for me is that I might stop back here again in the future.  While I was disappointed that they didn't have any specialty coffees, I was really impressed by their cake selection and loved the idea/price for their mini cake bites.
3	Just to clarify, this review is for the one at terminal 2-united. This one isn't open 24hrs. In fact I just barely made it when I ordered at 6:55 pm. But I got to redeem  my free cookie for parking at Blue Sky. I got the shrimp and soba salad. First off, the girl who made it seemed like she was making it for the first time.  She kept looking at the menu to check the ingredients and then had her manager look in the box to make sure it looked right. Overall though it was ok. The soba noodles were that stiffness that you get with cold noodles sometimes so that wasn't so good. The orange miso was eh. It also comes with spinach, a cabbage mix and peanut sauce. Sounds yummy but I'd say pass.Staff there were cordial enough but didnt really seem that excite to be there. I think one reviewer was right in that maybe everyone there are trainees.
3	It's early in the morning at the PHX airport, and there aren't very many food options. What should one do? Go to the golden arches, then hate yourself afterwards? Nah. Don't do that. Go to Paradise in the C concourse of Terminal 4. Especially convenient if you are flying Southwest Airlines to Denver. It's open really early and you'll actually enjoy (somewhat) what you are eating.I can speak for breakfast and lunch here. Breakfast is more of a two-star experience given that the bagel, sausage, egg and cheese sandwich I had could have more flavor if it was dipped in jet fuel (which it might have been). The lunch/dinner options are much better, ranging from 3 to 4 stars, for an airport mind you. Try anything with a croissant. It will rock your socks off.
3	Since I moved to Arizona 3 yrs ago, I've flown in/out of Sky Harbor many times.  When I want to grab a quick bite to eat before I head to the gates, I drop by here.  Their Cookies & Pastries are pretty good and service has improved in the time since my last review.Return Factor - 75%
4	Pretty decent. Friendliest staff ever. Happily provided me avocado for my breakfast as which free of charge.#thankyou!I had a veggie Mediterranean on power whole wheat. Egg while, roasted tomato. I ordered the pesto on the side but it still a little greasy and the bread a tad soggy but I swapped the bread out (it came with ciabatta) so maybe that's the reason.Great deal too -- under 5!And free sample of warm molasses cookies. Loving breakfast desert!
4	Above average for airport food.   The service was friendly and the food was fresh.   The eating area needed a good cleaning.    A free to cookie to finish off the meal......better then expected.
4	The chipotle chicken panini was delicious and large.  Very hot, flavorful, juicy, and reasonably priced (especially for an airport).  They even gave me a delicious chocolate chip cookie.  Definitely recommend.
4	If you want to look for Paradise Bakery, they moved to a smaller location in Concourse C. The good thing is that they have three registers to try and move customers in and out quickly. I just got coffee, water and a zucchini nut muffin. Not as good as going to their restaurants, but their food is still on the mark.
4	In a nutshell: Bakery in C concourse of Phoenix Sky Harbor AirportI'll keep this one short. Needed a quick snack to tie me over before I flew back to LA so I came here. Ordered the super fruit smoothie and a chocolate chip cookie. It looked like they were closing, as most things were around this time. The guy helping me out gave me two instead of one, and I walked out of there spending only 6 bucks.Great service, and I was out of there quick without spending a lot of money.Not bad.
1	I was shocked that a half of southwest chicken salad was $6.00. I realize at the airport you typically pay more but I found this a big rip off.  Not to mention it was not big at all. It was worth perhaps $4.00 total
1	This place is a disgrace on the original panera or paradise cafe. I know airport food is insipid and service is bad but never knew it was rude too. I was boarding a late flight with only this place open. I went and saw their menu to be pretty similar to panera and she told me they have a partnership with panera. My mom wanted something fruity so she said the strawberry smoothie is good. After discussion that it is from a mix and not fresh strawberries, i still ordered to realize they didnt have enough to make one. Why promise if you cant deliver?Next i ordered a mac and cheese (i ordered full, she range me for half). Then later i stoof for 15 min waiting for it. Saw a man come in who's sandwich they had forgotten. I reminded them twice about my mac and cheese. She went to the freezer, got a packages bag, heated it and gave it to me in a small. I was skeptical if it was full but thats ok. On tasting it was sooooper cold. I went back to the cashier and she took it back and blamed me for not having the receipt to process a refund as they didnot have another mac and cheese. I said i ordered full when i came to know they DIDNO HAVE full and gave me half. Again, why promsie if you cant deliver?The staff is pretty rude and comical. A disgrace on the otherwise ok restaurant.
1	Considering I work in the airport, I know lines are long and most of the employees hate their jobs. I get it. But when you ask for no mayonnaise because your ALLERGIC, you'd think to include that part on the note so it can be conveyed to the sandwich maker. Nope. Never happens, the managers are sweethearts, but the employees they need to check into. 4 out of 5 times I get mayonnaise & a dirty look . And sometimes if your extra lucky they will even leave the plastic on the cheese slices for you when you bite into your sandwich.Honestly the one star is for the managers. If I could give the restaurant less stars I would.
5	Terminal 2 @ PHX...it was lunchtime and we'd just come through security.  Decided to get lunch and did a "pick 2".  Seriously good food, especially for airport food.  We got 2 - 1/2 sandwiches...2 1/2 salads...it came with a cookie for dessert and it was under $16.  I often wonder who the people are that give such bad reviews...or maybe I'm just too easy to please?  I don't think so.
4	I am extremely impressed and pleased with their food quality, taste, and price.  I had the butternut squash ravioli with a berry smoothie.   Tasted great and so much healthier than typical airport fast food. I'm very impressed and appreciative.
