4	Addiction was pretty good to me I must say. The food is all really good!It's on the pricier side but for lazy people like me it's great to have such amazing food in the hotel. YUM. Cuban Ruben is really good. OMG delicious sandwich. I wish I could make this at home! It has great texture and is just yum.The Skinny Dip sandwich is good as well but I liked the Cuban Ruben better. The Skinny Dip is meatier but the Ruben is just a combination of flavors and textures. YummmmO.The pasta salad is a cold pesto pasta salad and that was ok. I wish it was less oily but it was decent.Baked Tomato and Mozzarella Salad was delicious but I happen to love tomato and mozzarella together ALWAYS so I knew I would enjoy it. Delish.If you're really hungry get the Karmal Pork. I know it seems pricey for pork but it is definitely a must get dish. The pork is delicious and the garlic mashed potatoes are garlicky and yummy. If you like pork, potatoes, and garlic you'll like this.One of our waiters was chill and awesome. The other was a bit too attentive but he mentioned he was bored since it was slow so I guess that is that. We met the chef as well and he's a suave guy who knows how to cook. Nice guy, good food, cute little place, and in the hotel. Besides the too in my face waiter, I really liked this place.
1	So this review would be based on the food had I been able to eat here. So I had a reservation for Thursday evening January 6 which I had made on open table. I also had a gift certificate from Restaurant.com. Wednesday evening I got a call from the restaurant asking for Mr. White (which I am a WOMAN) and no matter how many times I stated that the guy didn't get it. Anyways he was calling to tell me that my reservation had been canceled due to the entire restaurant being bought out. Then he tried to blame it on the fact that I booked the reservation on open table. couldn't they block out the day on open table? I know this was a last minute thing; just own up to it. The only offer to accommodate me was to tell me that I could come back a different day. I guess they don't realize that some people are from out of town and can't just come back on another day?
5	Great food, good service and a nice intimate atmosphere!  I would recommend this little place to anyone! We stayed there for 1 night, had both dinner and breakfast.  The food was delicious, affordable and the decor was trendy and fun. They went out of their way to make our stay nice, and we plan on staying there very soon again.  I loved that it was right across the street from Hard Rock and for a romantic weekend with my husband it was perfect!
5	Wow!  Enough said!  This place is a hidden gem and the only reason I'm telling you about it is because I want to make sure it stays in business, so I can continue to eat here...pretty selfish, isn't it!The filet mignon was amazing and priced well @ $26!  It came with a port sauce/gravy and pesto oil, topped with homemade mashed potatoes, then topped with the filet, which was topped with fried crunchy potato sticks/slivers.  On the side were three steamed asparagus stalks (NOT ala carte!).  The pesto oil was AMAZING!  It complimented everthing on the plate!Ben Ortiz is the manager and was also our server that night.  I can really appreciate his hard work and public relationships he is trying to establish with this young restaurant.  With that said, Ben did a fine job serving his two dining tables (plus he was serving a birthday party).  Even though we only ordered two filet mignon dinners and two glasses of pinot noir, Ben brought us two additional items at NO charge.  The first was an appetizer.  It was the Thai Chicken Satay w/peanut sauce, yummo!  The chicken had a great Asian flavor, and was so tender and moist.  The second item Ben brought was dessert.  It was the fried Nutter Butters with a delicious raspberry liquor dipping sauce.  I'm not big on deep fried items, nor am I a cookie monster but, these things were quite addicting!To preface the night, there was a medium sized birthday party held in the lounge/bar/lobby area which overflowed into the small dining area.  There was a DJ spinning music which really complimented the ambiance of the modern decor.  Although, we were only one of two different dining parties, I would still recommend reservations due to the amount of parties and private functions the hotel/restaurant does business with.  We were so impressed with the food last week, that I just called to make reservations for tonight!!!!  This place is now my "Addiction"!!!
1	Wow. Good thing the food was good since that's about all this place has going for it. Ok, the ambience is coolish, but it's been done before. We got there about 10 minutes before our 8 o'clock reservation and the place was empty. There was only one other party of two there. We waited 15 minutes at our table before we were offered drinks. I asked for a drink menu and was told that they were redoing their pool so they didn't have a drink menu. Um...ok. We ordered the mac-n-cheese stick appetizer and we were told that they were still prepping them, so the order would take three hours. Again, um...ok. We settled on the Kobe Chili Cheese Fries. After 20 minutes they finally arrived were quite good. I ordered a burger with goat cheese, avocado, and crispy onions and my husband ordered a more traditional bacon, Swiss, lettuce & 1000 island burger. His was juicy and delicious. Mine was way too well done and dry. The flavor was good, though. We ordered the Nutta Butta and Lava Bundt cake for dessert. The former was DELISH, the latter was meh. I was pretty bummed about this place. It was cheap (our total bill was $43) with some decent food, but sometimes that's not enough.
2	The small dining room, done in various shades of white, was serviced by only one waitress.  Ann chose the silver dollar Butterfinger & mascapone pancakes with maple syrup and a coffee.  I selected an egg white scramble with spinach, roasted red peppers, and sundried tomatoes that were accompanied by breakfast potatoes (lukewarm) and sourdough toast.  The food was pretty average so it is unlikely we will be returning in the future. Discounted gift certificates available through restaurant.com.
4	Ate here with a BP this past weekend, dinner before a show and then some.  When we first came to this boutique hotel just across from the Hard Rock, i have to admit I was a little sketchy on whether or not it'd be good.  I mean, Vegas is packed with great places off the strip; but it can be equally "a miss" as much as it is a hit.  But man oh man!  The place was pretty dope; attractive people checkin in and out(remember it's part of a hotel too), loungy-type music, good drinks.  You kinda get that euro-fusion feel to it, and I think it's a fusion restaurant.  Anyway, our small party of 7 got seated at their VIP-type section which was pretty sweet.  We set our reservation at about 8 but asked if we could get seated earlier.  There weren't really many people there at that time, in fact, it was barely starting up.  Not sure how packed this pace gets later, but on some reviews, it seems like it might.  So so far so good...and now, onto the food... The food...WOAH.  We loved EVERYTHING we ate!  We just decided to get a bunch of appetizers and drinks and a few entrees, all to share.  And it was good enough for all of us; and a couple of the guys in my party were twice my size!  From the Kobe sliders, to the chili dog(made with kobe beef or something, if I can remember), the french onion soup(which actually comes w/ mac n cheese on top, and I usually hate the stuff, but when it's in soup, I guess it's not so bad), to the pork chop; holy heck, the pork chop is the best thing on the dang menu!  It was the most tender best tasting one I've ever had.  It's a little on the sweet side, because it comes with a sauce, but man oh man!  Everyone in our party just wanted to attack that sucker and finish it up!  COST - can get up there, esp with specialty drinks topping $12, but restaurant.com has a great coupon for $100 off of a $200 bill or more.  Split with your friends and do the math, it's actually very good for dinner.Service - Ben, our server, made sure we were well-taken care of.  The place was awesome and so was the rest of the staff...Parking - valet only lot, and Hard Rock is across the street, but you're in Vegas, so you probably shouldn't be driving, cuz you're drunk =pWe enjoyed it so much that we're coming back for MY bachelor party baby! :)  A nice, chill place, that's not insanely crowded and has great food.  What else could you want?
2	I wanted to love this place, but the boutique decor and trendy vibe couldn't save the experience my friends and I had at Addiction.We came here for Yelp drinks and decided to get something to eat. The set up of Rumor is just confusing to me as one area melts into another and the space is kind of small, but it was possibly designed that way to give it a mix and mingle feel? I don't know, but we weren't sure whether we were supposed to check in for seating at the restaurant or if it was a self-seating situation. It was the latter and after a few minutes of standing apprehensively by what looked to be a make-shift hostess stand, one of the employees took us to our table.Our experience was marked by long lapses of time in which our waitress disappeared which left us wondering if she was cooking as well as seving the food. One thing that really annoyed me is that she brought two of our three orders out which made for the awkward "well we can't eat until everyone has their food situation" which led to our food getting cold as we waited for our other friend's food. I'm no professional, but as a self-taught cook with aspirations for Martha Stewart like entertaining skills, I know that timing is everything and when preparing food you time dishes so that everything is ready at once. I shouldn't be questioning this basic principle of dining at a restaurant, new or not. The food somewhat made up for what was a confusing and unnecessarily drawn out experience. We all ordered off off the "Tapatizers" menu. I ordered the Mac Styx which combined two of my lifetime loves: mac and cheese and deep frying. They were served with a yummy garlic aioli and were pretty filling. Both of my friends were pleased with their food, but because we had been waiting so long they were so sleepy they couldn't finis their food.I swear 30 minutes elapsed between the time the check was dropped at our table and the time our waitress reappeared, not to pick it up but to "check on us". What? You came by with the check 30 minutes ago and you think we just want to keep hanging out? WHAT?Don't even get me started on the splitting the check dilemma because it just made me sad to think that this waitress could not understand cash first and split the rest on two cards. If she couldn't understand this, what else was she not understanding about working in a restaurant. The worst part about this was that the place was EMPTY. Two other parties showed up while we were there but there was a good chunk of time when it was just the three of us.I don't think the service was intentionally bad just...inattentive. This place has a lot going for it but needs some serious work.
3	This place could easily be a 4 or 4.5 star restaurant but it was an accumulation of little things that made me subtract the star and a half.  First, when I got to the podium, there was no one around.  Immediately behind me at the bar were 3 employees.  They all saw me, yet not one said a word--not so much as a "someone will be right there" or "let me go get someone."  Nothing, nada!  Several minutes went by and a woman appeared from a door which turned out to be the kitchen.  She then seated me.  Little thing #1.I had a Groupon and she asked to see it.  When I loaded it on my iPhone she stated she wasn't sure they were doing it that way.  They wanted a paper printout.  At that point I was ready to leave so she said she'd talk to the manager.  He agreed to take the Groupon number if they could copy my ID.  What?  Little thing #2.There are 6 entrees on the dinner menu and 6 items on the dessert menu.  They forgot one item from my steak and they were out of bananas for the dessert.  Their banana supplier had not yet been there.  Little thing getting bigger #3.Charge for a second iced tea at $3.  It was a partial refill. I had 1/3 left when she asked if I wanted more.  Bigger little thing #4.Now for the meal--it was superb!  I got the 8 ounce filet which was on a bed of garlic-onion mashed potatoes (the menu says puree, but it isn't).  There were 5 stalks of grilled asparagus for the seasonal vegetable (they were perfect!), and the drizzled Port syrup was very tasty.  The crispy tater strings were forgotten or maybe they hadn't been delivered yet, either.For dessert, I had the Gossip Sundae--green tea ice cream on powdered crispy wontons with butter rum caramel sauce, caramelized bananas, and walnuts.  Of course, the bananas were missing.Plating for the entree and dessert were nicely done.  I looked at some of the photos for the restaurant to see what I should have gotten.  I sure wish they had gotten their delivery!I'm not sure if I'll give Addiction another chance.  It is good, but there are too many little things that just add up to a subtraction in the enjoyment of the meal.
5	Our visit to Addiction at the Rumor Hotel in Las Vegas was one of the greatest dinning experiences of our lives.  From the minute we walked in, the staff was helpful and attentive. Ben, who runs the restaurant and bar, was fantastic, with great recommendations and suggestions.  The Short Rib appetizer was amazing, so tender, and matched perfectly with the Sweet Potato Puree and honey port sauce.  Karmal Pork (Ben's suggestion) was the best, most perfectly cooked porkchop I've ever had, and I'm a big fan of pork.  The sauce was just the right amount of sweet and savory.  The Salmon was also perfectly cooked.  The atmosphere was so relaxed, dinning on the patio in the evening was the perfect way to start a night in Vegas.  And chatting outdoors on the patio couches with locals we met, over drinks and deep fried Nutter Butters, led to the best night in Vegas.  It's unbelievable the such great food and atmosphere can be found in Vegas at such good prices.  From now on my trips to Vegas will include a Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner at Addiction, and probably reservations at the Hotel too.
5	Had my BP here a few weeks after our first time in; had a BLAST!  Don't remember all TOO much, but all my boys loved the food and Ben and company really took care of us again!  Upgrade for making my night so incredibly AWESOME!  :)
5	For me it's all about the food. I had the chicken, my girlfriend had the steak - both were in top form. I can't remember the last time I've eaten a piece of chicken so tasty. It was a bit strange at first that the restaurant is essentially the back half of the Rumor hotel lobby, but it grew on me. It's a nice space and it's not like it was abuzz with guests checking in at dinner time. I dug the cool booths they had near the bar - overall it feels very modern. The manager Ben Ortiz was very attentive to us (easier to do with not many diners at the time) and made sure we had a good time. I'd like to see Addiction get its own place away from the hotel, but that's the way it crumbles for the time being. The food is really amazing and makes a wonderful place to go off the strip.
5	I wanted to try someplace new & interesting for my birthday dinner not too long ago, and decided I wanted to try Addiction :) so my then-boyfriend and I went there on a Friday night.  The place was pretty empty except for a few tables, and we ended up sitting outside.  The menu has a decent selection, and everything was very reasonably priced compard to other restaurants like this one that are on the strip.  We got a ton of food, all of which was delicious! Here's what we had:Appetizers:Kobe Sliders ($9) -- 3 tasty sliders loaded with bacon & cheeseChicken and Bacon Quesadilla ($8) -- Mmm, more bacon and cheese, can't go wrong there! hahaMac Styx ($7) -- YUM!! Two large pieces of deep-fried mac & cheese... this was my fav appetizer of the three.  Entrees:Karmal Pork ($19) -- A thick, large pork chop, smothered in amazing caramel - whisky glaze, with creamy mashed potatoes and veggies.  It was phenomenal!! Easily one of the best pork dishes I've ever had at a restaurant.House Filet ($26) -- This was very similar to the Karmal Pork, but with filet mignon and a slightly different sauce, and was equally delicious.  This and the pork are the two most expensive items on the menu, but since they come with all the sides and are huge portions, they are very reasonably priced!!  Dessert: Da "Nutta Butta" ($6): 4 deep-fried nutter butter cookies served with raspberry dipping sauce... OMG.  So good!! But we were so full we had to bring most of them home to enjoy later.Also, since it was my birthday, they brought out 3 complimentary mini-cupcakes for us (they serve them as a dessert option, from Gigi's cupcakes nearby).  They were pretty good too :) Service was great throughout and our waitress was very friendly and attentive (then again, it wasn't that busy).  Overall I was extremely happy with this place & thought the food was fantastic and decently priced.  I'd absolutely go back & would highly recommend this place! I hope you give it a shot :)
4	My friend and I decided to check this place out with our restaurant.com coupon, While it was a weekday afternoon and really really quiet, the ambiance was nice and the food was pretty good. We each got burgers and split an appetizer and dessert. We ordered the Gossip sundae and when we were given the wrong dessert, they let us keep it. Be forewarned, if you're looking for the green tea ice cream, I'm not sure you're gonna get it cuz I'm pretty sure it was pistachio... Still yummy!
1	I thought I loved you before I met you!!!  and I will never know....Couldn't get in because we didn't had a badge (?) WTF, even the host had a question face..... and asked the two guys guarding the door to let us in, they said we needed the badge. I was thrilled to try this restaurant, but I will never come back. Two thumbs down! boooo
3	Their Happy Hour is worth it in my opinion.  Half off drinks and appetizers (or as they call it, "tapatizers"... lol - I like the name).I've been here a few times - one time for Happy Hour where we literally got everything off their "tapatizer" menu to try (bill ended up being like 70 bucks and that included drinks).  The food here is pretty good - I'd say based off their tapatizer list, half of it is great, half of it is just OK.  It might get pricey for non-happy hour hours.The place itself is definitely hip and trendy.  Service has always been very nice and surprisingly quick.  The restaurant is open to the lobby of the hotel and open to the patio near the pool area.  At first, it's kind of confusing because it's not a "separate" restaurant, but once you sit down, it really isn't a big deal.  One thing to note is that I think you can only valet here, so remember to bring a couple bucks for the valet guy.  My favorite "tapatizers" here include:Filet & Caprese sliders (Happy Hour Price:  $6) This is my number one favorite thing here.  I do not share this with anyone!  It's a filet mignon cut of meat with mozzarella cheese and a tomato with this amazing garlic aioli.  It comes with two nice sized sliders and fries.  Honestly, this and a drink or two would make for a nice dinner in itself.  Mac Styx (Happy Hour Price:  $3.50)Anything fried is always good.  Just try it - you get two nicely sized portioned deep fried mac and cheese bars. Seared Tuna (Happy Hour Price:  $5)My husband's favorite thing here.  Seared rare tuna with these great sauces and a side of some fancy tasting salad.  The flavors are bold and delicate.  Portion sized is slightly smaller, but for 5 bucks, can't complain!Chili Dog Sliders (Happy Hour Price:  $4.50)For the hot dog fans out there, try out these little guys.  They're mini hot dogs with chili made out of kobe beef (which to me, tastes like regular chili).  You get two of them and fries, so for $4.50, it's a decent deal.The Kobe sliders, chicken sliders, and the short ribs are all solid choices too.Things I would probably be able to skip on the "tapatizer" menu are the quesadillas (tastes regular, nothing special) and chili cheese fryz (a lot of the dishes come with fries already!).     One thing I noticed on both my visits here - my beer is never ice cold.  It's cool, but never cold.  I don't know - just thought I would mention that!  I'll probably be back here for those Caprese sliders.
2	The hotel itself was fresh looking and upbeat but the diningroom was nothing more than a seating area with a few tables overlooking the pool.  Service was lacking and unprofessional.  Ordered two beers for ladies and were not offered glasses or a piece of orange for a blue moon which is standard for this beer.  Had to ask for both.  Waiter was co-ordinating another event so was wearing a radio on his hip and was answering it while serving us.  We ordered two salads which were fine but nothing to brag about.  I asked if there was a roll to go with the salad and he said no but then said he could offer me a Hawaiian roll.  Later on he told me he didn't have that either.  I would not go out of my way to eat there.
5	Addiction...a truly fantastic dining experience!I recently dined at Addiction for a friend's bachelor party and was very impressed.  We had a number of the entrees, including the chicken, the filet, and a pork chop special.  All the entrees were delicious...but the steak and chops really stood out.For the quality of food at Addiction, the prices are unheard of.  You would pay 1.5x to 2x for comparable meals elsewhere in Las Vegas.What out-shined the food was the service.  For a big group, and one that was boisterous (to say the least), the servers were patient, and warm, and extraordinarily helpful and accommodating.  They truly took pride in the restaurant, the food, and the overall dining experience.Addiction is without a doubt worth the taxi ride from the strip, and definitely worth the walk across the street from Hard Rock.I will be back in Las Vegas in 2 weeks, and we will be dining at Addiction again.  I can't wait to share the experience with more of my friends and family!!!
5	I got a Groupon for this place and tried it out with a friend.  We were the only two people in the restaurant, but our experience was top notch.  The place was cool, had a great vibe and the food was amazing.  The burger I had here was one of the best restaurant burgers I've had in Vegas and the waiter comped us desert because they didn't have the appetizer we wanted.  A true surprise and I'll definitely be eating here before going to concerts across the street at Hard Rock.
3	I really think someone might've kidnapped the banana man.Why is it that two out of the TWO times I've been here they were out of bananas? Yes people, BANANAS. According to Norm K., they were also out of bananas when he went, so I'm not the only one that has witnessed this. They should just change the description of the Gossip Sundae, so they don't have to tell people they're out of bananas whenever someone orders it. Other than the mystery of the missing bananas, the layout and seating situation of this place is just weird. When you walk toward the pool area of Rumor, you'll see the bar on the right, and on the left you'll see what appears to be an eating area, but there is no hostess or wall of separation to let you know that's the restaurant. You can only assume it's Addiction because you'll see some people eating and staring at you while you look all puzzled. Finally, after a few minutes or so, the waiter will come out to fill someone's water or something, then see you standing there. He'll take you to a table and hand you some menus, but both of the times I've gone, I had to ask for the tapas menu because they didn't give it along with the regular menu. I've ordered:Cuban Ruben w/ pesto salad ($9) - The sandwich was dry. The pesto salad was bland. I pretty much attacked my boyfriend's burger because my food was too boring.Custom burger medium well w/ fries and fried egg, swiss, mushrooms, avocado, aioli toppings($11) - Yummy. Of course this sh*t was good, I picked the toppings myself! Very juicy and oozing with flavors. I finished the whole thing and most of the well seasoned crispy fries. Funny how much I love crispy fries nowadays when I used to push those aside from the soggy fries I was so obsessed with as a child. Black Cod Tostadas ($10) - So delicious! The bass was perfectly blackened and the lime cilantro Remoulade added a nice little kick. It came with roasted tomato salsa, but I didn't even use it because dish was already flavorful. We devoured all of it within 5 minutes.  Mediterranean Plate ($10) - This came with Hummus, Eggplant and Tzatziki and toasted pitas. I just ate the pitas with Hummus and Tzatziki because the eggplant was so sour and pickled. Both visits, I ordered the Gossip Sundae, which was actually quite good aside from the missing bananas. The green tea ice cream didn't really taste how it should though, it tasted like pistachio (as Mel L. mentioned) but I'm a fan of pistachio ice cream anyway. I'm curious as to how this sundae would taste if it had all the correct ingredients though. 3 stars for a tasty burger, delicious tostadas, and very nice food presentation. Minus two for sub par service, strange layout, and lack of bananas.*Tip - Get a Restaurant.Com coupon!
2	The ambiance and decor of Addiction matches perfectly with my birthday dinner dress-- that's honestly probably the only reason why I chose to go to eat at Addiction for my 25th celebration. On that note, physically,Addiction lived up to all my expectations. Someone even said it looked like a rockstar's girlfriend's room, and quite frankly, I would love to be a rockstar's girlfriend if I get to live in a place like Addiction. Unfortunately, plans changed and instead of sticking to my 6PM reservations, the gang and I decided to opt for brunch so we can make it to Marquee to see Kaskade. Bust on both parts. While the food itself delivered quite well, nobody at the table had anything to complain about, it was so painfully slow service that earned them just two stars. We awkwardly walked into the dining area, with not a soul there to greet us. When the host/waiter seated us and took our order, we seriously had our suspicions that he was the host/waiter/chef. Not even joking. It took our salads and sandwiches a whopping 45minutes to come out-- and we were the only table there! Luckily, I purchased a restaurant.com voucher for $50 and our bill came out to about $12/person. Not too shabby for a meal in Vegas at all.The whole setting of the restaurant and hotel is quite interesting.. it almost looks like an upscale motel. Am I addicted to Addiction? Nope. Won't be back again unless someone else wants to do their birthday there!
1	Do NOT waste your time to visit this restaurant.  Denny's quality food at top dollar prices.  Altough the service is fine... Bottom line, if you want to pay a inflated price for a fast food meal, eat at Addiction.
4	Fun breakfast sliders .. Fried egg, potatoe pancake and sausage .. Chic and modern decor .. White black and purple
4	My friends and I went here for dinner on New Year's Eve.  It wasn't crowded, which was so nice on that night!  The decor is really clean and modern, like a sexy lounge/club.  The prices were VERY reasonable for what you'd expect, with the most expensive things being the (big) burgers (that come with lots of fries) for $11.The service is what really stood out.  Some in our party were vegetatian, and the vegetarian options on the menu were pretty limited, but we made do and the server was super accommodating about it.I ordered the pesto pasta, and when I asked the server if it was good, he hesitated and said he might need to ask the kitchen to make another batch because the last one was sub-par. He went into the kitchen and tried the pasta, came back out and told me it was okay after all, so I ended up getting it.  It was totally good, so no worries, but I freaking love the honesty/effort that was put in to make sure I'd enjoy my meal!We also got the bacon popcorn as a starter and that was yummy and a fun snack to start the meal out with.I'm taking off a star because I got two drinks and both were pretty gross. A vodka Red Bull and a vodka tonic.  Maybe it's because they were well drinks? I haven't run into problems with most well drinks but these tasted freakin' weird.  My dining companions tried them and agreed.
3	Had a Restaurant.com gift cert so decided to try Addiction for dinner before heading over to the HRH for the Adult Entertainment Expo parties last Friday night.Upon entrance into the lobby of the Rumor Hotel, we could see the restaurant, but were a little unclear as to where the entrance was, but the combo of hunger and determination was the engine that drove us to a successful seating in the main (but SMALL) dining room.Menu has changed as of January 2012 ... They no longer have entrees on their dinner menu ... Only the burger bar and "Tapastizers".  We opted for the tapas. Our server was friendly and accomodating. Perhaps a little too chatty, because he engaged us in a conversation that went a little long and when he remembered that we had placed a food order, he rushed into the kitchen to fetch our food, but every dish was slightly luke warm, rather than HOT.  One star gone.Another star lost, due to the fact that the tapas were adequate, but nothing terribly impressive.  Here is what we ordered:French Onion Soup: Very rich broth, with yummy melty cheesey goodness on top. Enjoyable, but I found the broth to be a little too intense and lacking the sweet mellowness of some of the better dining venues around town.Parmesean French Fries:  Very good, and cooked to a crisp coating, and seasoned well and generously with grated parm. YUMShort and Sweet:  Pork short ribs on top of whipped sweet taters and topped with a rich burgundy sauce (3 little piles).  Pretty good, but could have been better, had they been served at the appropriate temp.Flat Iron Steak Tacos: Good, but almost room temp when served. Probably would have enjoyed these the most, if they had been served hot.Overall, not bad food, decent service, and unique atmosphere.  Was happy we had the gift cert though, because I don't think our experience was worth full-price. Nevertheless, I would like to return and try their burger bar and happy hour deals!
2	Burned by Addiction yet again! My mom wanted to come here for her birthday and because she is an incredibly picky eater, I conceded after offering her many other restaurant options of which I knew we'd have a substantially better eating and service experience. After leaving dinner my mom told me I could pick the restaurants from here on out. She said she trusted me. Sometimes it takes just having the bad experience all up in your face!Our waitress was nice, but inattentive not out of laziness but because she was the only waitress there and I'm sure waitressing was not her only job duty. The food was meh-everything fell flat and presentation was deeply disappointing and unsatisfying. I ordered the parmesan fries and french onion soup and my mom ordered off of the Restaurant Week menu and also got french onion soup, a salad, seared ahi and a sundae. I feel like if a restaurant is going to offer a classic dish like French onion soup, they either better put their own spin on it or it better be the best of the best. This version was neither and I think they tried to hide this fact with an unforgivable amount of salt. The cheese was neither melted nor hot-just a slice of some identifiable cheese that at one point been melted but was now sitting as a thick, unappetizing layer on top of the soup. Underneath it was a slice of what appeared to be wheat bread. It had soaked up the liquid of the soup and was soggy and again, unappetizing. The broth's only minimally redeeming quality was the abundance of onions, but that was overpowered by a broth that was so offensively salty, that if I had hypertension I'd be writing this review from my grave.The rest of the food was mediocre at best- my mom nailed it when she said my fries tasted like Jack in the Box fries, which I like! But I could've paid $2 for those instead of $6. Presentation was bad on her ahi and it should've been served with some starch-possibly polenta or potatoes-in addition to the salad. I don't want to keep bashing the place because it has potential. The food needs work and the restaurant operations could definitely use a boost a la Restaurant Impossible. Being the only restaurant at Rumor, they really need to either step their game up and invest in better quality food and additional staff or shut the restaurant down completely and use the space for something else.
1	The "restaurant" wasn't even half full but my friend and I waited for 7 minutes for someone to SEAT us. I saw one server come around and take plates away but he didn't even acknowledge us as he was passing by so we left. If the service for food was the same as the service to get seated, I wasn't about to waste my time sticking around to find out. Ended up going across the street to Johnnie Smalls at HRH.
3	We dined as a party of four and we had the place to ourselves on a Saturday night. Not a single other diner until we were nearly done with dessert. I didn't realize it, but the food is tapas style. We probably would've been better off ordering ala carte, rather than the prix-fixe three course Restaurant Week menu for $30.12. At least our tab benefited charity.We started with French Onion Soup and Mac Bites; Deep Fried Smoked Gouda and Cheddar Mac & Cheese. The Mac Bites were real tasty, the soup wasn't very good. It lacked the richness it should have and it was overpowered by salt.Next up was Mixed greens with Toasted Walnuts and a Citrus Vinaigrette. It was lightly dressed and the greens were crisp. Nothing too notable, however.The salad was followed by Seared then Braised Short Ribs with Sweet Potato Puree, Crispy Potato Strings, Smoked Salt, and a Wild Honey Port-Burgundy Sauce. Tasty, but the portion was small and without the potato strings it would've been like baby food. Dessert concluded our meal we had the gossip sundae with green tea ice cream, bananas and fried wontons. Not bad, nor memorable. The lava cake was a bit dry. Not recommended.Addiction is an odd place, with decent food. I like what they are trying to do, and on occasion they may successful, but this particular Saturday? It was a ghost town. We actually felt like we were part of a horror movie at times. We dined early to avoid the Saturday night crowds, I guess you could say we suceeded. But we're certainly not addicted.
1	Went in and was seated for Sunday brunch. Waited 15 minutes looked around and could see that no other tables were being served either then overheard the waiter saying they had run out of bloody Mary mix to the guys that paid for bottomless bloody marys. Didn't seem like they even cared as we were walking out. I'm not super fussy about service but it was very obvious that they don't really give a shit.
4	One of Vegas' best kept secrets.  HAPPY HOUR A MUST at Addiction!!!   GOOD STUFF ! DELICIOUS!!! food and drinks are 1/2 off! We were there at 5 pm on a Sunday and were the only ones in the place but don't let that bother you.  It was worth it!. TAPAS MENU: The Black cod tostada was wonderful. Kobe Sliders were very tasty.Stickie Chickie satay with sweet chili sauce, YUM! Usually $8, only  $4 at happy hour. Short Rib Nachos - enough for 3 to share easily.The "Parm fries" were fine. I just would not recommend them (why fill up on French Fries? )  My only complaint was the decor. sparse and white. a bit too sterile for me. But look out the window at the pool and wait for your reasonable check a the end of your meal and you wont care.Gil was our waiter.  An avid Snowboarder. Very nice guy.GO TO HAPPY HOUR!! (they also have " Yappy Hour"  where you can bring the pooches.) How FUN!
1	Addiction had good French Toast and the waitress was very nice.  The decor is very cool.  Unfortunately, the rest of my review of this restraunt is not favorable.  I also ordered the Egg White Fritata.  Despite the fresh ingredients, the fritata was flavorless and watery.  My friend and I each ordered cafe lattes which we learned were made in a machine similar to one at 7-11...not what you would expect of a $5 latte!  We were at first served coffees with no milk in paper cups.  Next, they waitress and bartender attempted to vorrect the mistake and managed to make one latte, then said that the mavhine was clogged.  We should have left as soon as we recieved our orange juice whice was not cold...sort of a red flag...but then we would have missed the comedy of errors that was Addictions.  Too bad really.  It's a really different, trendy little location with nice people, but the food really doesn't cut it.  We left paying about $40 for three people after a $25 Restraunt.com discount.  It really was bad.  I have had gas since eating there this morning.
5	GOOD STUFF and very DELICIOUS! I was there at 5 pm on a Thursday and was one of the only ones in the place but don't let that bother you.  It is worth it.Menu I had: The Pulled pork $16 was wonderful. Three round medallions came stacked on mashed potatoes.  Fall apart just touching them and very delicious..The Parmesan fries for $6 were fine. I mean they are just french fries with Parmesan cheese sprinkled on them.  Not sure if I would ever get those again but still good.  My only complaint was the white decor, a bit too sterile for me and the seats when you sat in them just kinda swallowed you up making it difficult to actually reach the table. But look out the window at the pool and wait for your reasonable check a the end of your meal and you wont care.Server was very friendly and so was the chef who came out and explained how he makes the pulled pork - roasted over 4-6 hours....
5	I came to this place on New Years Eve when every other place was all booked up. The atmosphre was great. This was the first time being in this place. My roommates that I went with said that this hotel was remodeled. Anyways they had a DJ playing music and it was just a good vibe. The waitress was very helpful and nice. The place wasn't crowded, I think there was one other party there. The thing that really opened my eyes was that the Cheif came out to the table during our meal and asked us how it was. We told him the food was excellent and really enjoying it. He went on to mention that everything is made fresh daily.I order the Kobe Beef burger which was awesome! The bacon was on point and crisp just the way I liked it. The Burger was really juicy but kept its form. Along with the burger were these seasoned fries which we really addictive. My other roommate ordered these snowpeas that were seasoned with BBQ sauce, they were also very taste and full of flavor.There is nothing bad to say about this place, other than the bar was a little price but was to be expected ($9 for a Jack & Coke). Awesome place that not to many people know about. Check it out!!
5	Without question, this is one of the best dining experiences I've had in Vegas. Professional, delicious, affordable and memorable. If you come here ask for Stephen the chef to give you an experience you won't forget.
4	I went there for a friend's birthday party.  The decor was very different, you feel like you are in one of the girl clothing store (Modern Luxury feel).  The food was pretty good for it's price.  I had Salmon Salad, Burger and Hanger Steak.  The steak came out cold the first time but the Chef apologize and went ahead made us a new plate right away.  The service was good but it was slow... Our server was nice but everything came out the kitchen were just slow.
1	Made a reservation here for our Valentine's dinner, but didn't realized that they only have a "Valentine Dinner 3 Courses Menu" for $30 a person until we got to the host stand.  We thought it was a blessing in disguise..however, it was a far cry from it.We got the following:-amuse bouche: oyster topped with foam -the oyster does not taste fresh.  Foam wasn't tasty enough to cover the fishy taste.  My fiance wanted to spit it out but thought it would be rude.-seared scallops: although they were cooked well and the flavors were decent, it was gritty.  They were not clean well.-NY Skirt Strip:  I ordered this medium rare, it came out COLD.  -Pan-Roasted Salmon: Salmon was cooked well, however, it was under-seasoned, for a person such as myself who does not eat much salt with my food.  I also was chomping on some grit.  Gross.-Bread pudding:  This was very tasty.  There were slices of apples within the chunky bread pudding, on top of a perfectly balanced sauce, and a small scoop of icecream.  -Chocolate molten cake:  came with a small scoop of icecream, which was not enough to cut the richness of the chocolate cake.  Was good, but not as good as the Bread pudding.Based on the very below par food we had tonight on the "Valentine Dinner," I will have to say no, we will not be returning.  Oh, my fiance asked if they have McCallan, response was no.  Then he asked if they have Maker, response was no.  My fiance then peeked at their bar and spotted Johnny Walker.  So he ordered a Johnny Walker black.  Seems like their liquor cabinet is limited...
3	When we walked in on a Sunday night, the place looked deserted! No one eating, and no one serving. We asked a nearby bartender, and he said we could sit where we wanted and he would take our order in minute.This was weird, but he proved extremely nice and helpful all night.I got the polenta, and my friend Kent got the burger. We also got the hummus appetizer. The polenta was salty, but the burger and hummus were decent.The pricing is very reasonable, even though the place is located in Rumor. I'm not sure I would go back, but it was worth the experience to check out the hotel.It looks like they have a patio that is open during the summers, and maybe a trip back to sit outside in a couple of months would be fun....
5	The food and the chef were amazing.  Steve, "The People's Chef " greeted us at our table, he was super friendly, and had great suggestions from the menu.  The pasta dish was spectacular and rivals any other outstanding fresh pasta dish we might have tried at high end eateries.For breakfast, he custom made some Bananas Foster pancakes for my daughter that were perfection.  Attention to detail, freshness and presentation made this trip a very memorable experience.  Will be going back to visit Chef Steve's kitchen soon!
4	Addiction is a fun, trendy place to dine. The service was satisfactory & the food was delicious. Executive Chef Stephen Austin is very personable. We greatly appreciated that he came out of the kitchen to greet us, ask our opinions of the experience, gave us some background on the food, & even take a fun photo with us. Overall, I'd recommend dining here.
5	I was there for my birthday, and it was Restaurant Week. The food was delicious and the service was fabulous. The chef came out to greet us and during our dinner he came back to check if everything was okay and if the food was good. I love the ambiance too. They also have an amazingly delicious Happy Hour menu. Highly recommended! Great place for parties and networking functions, too.
4	Addiction is awesome, came with friends for happy hour, and we were treated like royalty from the time we walked in till the time we left!! Their lounge area is like a super chic living room , with plenty of places to just chill or even head outside when the weather is better! As for the food they have a variety of "tapatizers" the stand outs were any of the sliders, chicken , Kobe beef, or prime rib wit aragula, all were yummy!! Something alittle different but so good we had to do a couple of orders , was the maple bacon popcorn, with real crispy pieces of bacon !! Also standout, was the Tuscan salad with steak, fresh micro greens, and roasted tomato, drizzled with balsamic vinegar , and feta? Cheese! All topped with a small but generous portion of steak , fir the portion and price !! 9$ plus 50% off for happy hour!! As for drinks all were tasty, but my faces were the mojitos !! All in all a great experience, and great service!! And a small but intimate place to talk and catch up with friends!! Kudos to u rumor hotel and addiction for your service and value!!
5	We had tickets to a concert at Hard Rock, so decided to check out Addiction since it was on Restaurant.com.  We started with the BBQ edamame and the parmesan fires, both were fantastic.  For entrees, we went with the fish tacos and the hanger steak.  Everything we had was delicious and the chef even came out and spoke to us, which was a nice touch.  Addiction is a great little spot for a casual meal that won't break the bank, especially with a Restaurant.com certificate.
3	We walked in on a Sunday night. There was no one in the place. The restaurant was in the lobby and there was no one in the place. We were met by a really friendly person who took us to the restaurant which was in the lobby and empty.  The place definitely has an interesting look. Upscale and colorful crossed with Ikea modern. We went to the restaurant because of the menu they had advertised but it was not the same food that was listed in the place.The food is fine. Personally not anything amazing I think. The staff is very friendly. I think the food is slightly overpriced but  I would agree with a previous reviewer worth if it if you have a Restaurant.com certificate.
4	Located in The Rumor Boutique (whatever the devil that entails) Hotel. The menu is not expansive (Perhaps that is what boutique entails) but it does cover the basics. The burger I had was great. The service was good as well. Less noisy than the Hard rock right across the street if that is your bag. Not quite a hidden gem, but still it is worth checking out. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Decor was funky and fun.  No one was at the desk to greet us when we arrived.  Our waitress was very friendly but seemed like she was the only person working in the restaurant.  There was a guy that I think was the bartender who was just strolling around the whole time not appearing to be very useful or doing anything of importance.  Let and tom xtra on a burger.  I ordered the short rib benedict it was delicious.  Fries were really good.
3	The Addiction was ok for me. The presentation is nice and the food is... Well.... I've eaten WAYYY better food than this. The soup I ate was really gross
3	I am SO torn about this restaurant inside the Rumor Hotel.  It's so cool and funky in there all sparkly and black and white and silver and the restaurant is all white white white.  Love the decor.  Also loved that as we waited at the hostess stand, the chef came out and greeted us and introduced himself and seated us, telling us about a change on the menu that day.What I didn't love is that it seems like maybe whoever was supposed to be waiting tables didn't show up and the bartender acted as our server.  He was very personable and friendly, but the service was terribly slow and it took a LONG time from when we did order before the food was made and delivered.  then the bill was incorrect and then the credit card didn't go through and he had to chase us down.  In their defense, their computer went down and they were having technical difficulties.BUT, that said, the food was delicious.  My husband REALLY loved his meal which was chicken sliders with potatoes and fried eggs... I had the burger and added a fried egg and it was also really good, although I would have preferred my burger and my egg a little less done.Overall, it was a REALLLLY long visit, we were probably there about an hour and a half, but somehow we weren't cranky and had an okay time.  And the food is very affordability priced!I would give them another try.
2	To sum it all up for you, the Addiction restaurant is part of a poorly ran hotel called the Rumor.  The food is exceptional considering many things. However the SERVICE will make you want slap everyone from the valet to the dishwasher! MY NUMBER 1 ISSUE IS DO THEY SERVE THE FOOD THEY SHOW ON THE MENU & WEBSITE??? The decor is my style for sure cool, hip, funky, risky etc. The Chef is a GREAT chef but delivery is awful. If you are not in a hurry check this place out. It's certainly different and will make say "WHAT DA H... is going on around here?" hahahaha lol smh rolf. # INTERESTING
3	Had brunch with my sister on a Monday at noon. Restaurant is small and was not busy. There is one person working serving the whore restaurant. Food was excellent. I ordered the angus burger, I ordered it medium and it was made exactly how I wanted it. The fries and delicious also. My sister ordered the steak and eggs which was also great. The steak was a little too well done but it was still delicious. I would have given the place 4 stars but it took 35 mins for the food to come out. Thank god we were not in a hurry. This is a perfect place to order from if you're going to the pool. Food and service was great, I just wish I didn't take 35 mins for my food.
2	This place could be a lot better, but the service is simply not there. Went in there for dinner and it took about 45 minutes to get our food after we ordered. Waitress never checked in with us and had the nerve to drop off the check before our food even got there!
5	Had the chicken n waffles here on my trip to vegas last weekend. Was the best meal I had on my entire stay. The chicken was cooked to perfection and was a big portion for $14 .
