5	My friend Greg and I used to have this thing called "The Greg and Kate special" which meant that we'd walk to Greenbush at whatever hour of the night when doughnuts were the only thing to satisfy our hunger (they're open really late on weekends, I think at least 2 a.m.) and each get three, yes, three doughnuts and a pint of milk.  (Really putting my fast metabolism to work).  This was always one of the happiest moments of the weekends.  Greenbush doughnuts just make you happy.  They always taste fresh outta the oven, they have a million varieties (cake and raised along with cinnamon rolls and other kinds of pastries), AND they're kosher.  What more do you need?
5	I remember those 2 a.m trips from Regent Apartment to this store, just before they closed. Some fresh donuts on stressful final days... I couldn't ask for more.
5	KOSHER MEANS QUALITY. I'm not even Jewish, but I believe Greenbush  when they say that, because they serve some of the best donuts I've ever had. Strongly recommended.KOSHER MEANS QUALITY.
5	Madison's Donut Hole ... Greenbush is centrally located on Regent St.  Hours conveniently run from 6AM-12AM.  The service is helpful and patient.  Donuts are supreme.  They cost $9.00/dozen, but the quality of a kosher Boston Cream donut is well worth the little extra you'll spend. Although I have only tried their donuts, their other baked goods appear to meet the same rich standards.
5	When I was living on the West side of the campus, this was my temple after getting drunk in the neighborhood. Their donuts is light, fluffy, and delicious. It probably contributed to some weight gains since I started UW, but life needs Greenbush once in a while.
4	Just stopped in because I heard how big this place was in Madison.Wow.The classic donut was simply the best donut I have ever had. Crunchy, but moist on the inside, not too sweet, with light frosting.The 4 people I was with agreed! Don't miss it!
5	I dare you to resist the smell of sweet delectable donuts as you walk by this place. I double dog dare you. It is impossible.  Regardless of whether it is 2am or not, they are good all the time.  The fritters are outstanding also. You can get one and have breakfast for a good three or four days.  And this is the best cure for when the world has you down. I swear to god that the lady who usually works there in the mornings is the most cheerful person on the planet, and she was always throwing in bonus donuts. "You look like you could use another one of these," she'd say with a wink. Mental health professionals take note.
5	Amazing bakery, incredible donuts. Always impeccible quality and variety.
5	Yep, these are the greatest donuts in the world.'Greatest' doesn't even cut it.  How about 'heavenly'?  It's like god himself taught the bakers at Greenbush how to make these donuts, and then told them the key to success was to sell the goods cheaply--then to stay open until bar time, and sometimes give them away to the drunks.Yes, Greenbush is a wonderful bakery.
5	Greenbush offers the perfect a-bar treat.  They're open late on the weekend (2-3am, if I recall), cheap, and absolutely delicious.  I recommend the caramel Rabbi, sour cream, and Oreo donuts, but you can't go wrong with any choice at Greenbush.  Check out the Daily Cardinal on Fridays.  They usually have a 2 for 1 coupon for Greenbush donuts.
4	In college 2 of my roomates worked at Greenbush Bakery.  Every night they would bring home a box......they never got old!!!  Years later I can still feel the sugary goodness melting in my mouth.  Simply heaven.
4	Great filled doughnuts.  We used to get a box of these every Friday night at work (I worked second shift).   Good memories.
5	2 fritters will fit in box for a dozen donuts, nuf said. incredible.
4	Sometimes when I'm up visiting the boy and he says "let's just get a pizza tonight" I pick rocky rococo's over Ian's (which is much closer and a little cheaper for our usual order) just so that I can pop on over to Greenbush while I'm waiting for the pizza.  I have missed out on the filled ones (jelly filled is my preference) every time since my very first experience, but the chocolate covered yeast ones will do in a pinch! Verrrry tasty and for some reason they always seem fresh, even if you keep a few for the morning! The employees can be a little snarky, but who cares?
5	This is a place you have to go to if you're having a late night in downtown.  Everything is always delicious.
4	As a leading authority on donut quality, I can say that without exception, there are no better donuts anywhere in the world than those offered by the Greenbush Bakery.  Period, end of story.I've had donuts in NYC, LA, San Francisco, Seattle, Austin, Chicago, KC, and a dozen other places; Greenbush easily destroys the competition.  Think Lance Armstrong on his carbon Trek Madone vs. the 78-lb twig-legged kid that rides a 22-year old 3-speed Huffy with baseball cards in his spokes - there's no comparison in quality.That said, while the donuts are incredible, the service is downright AWFUL. Why do donut folks have such crappy attitudes?? It's as if you're single-handedly ruining their entire day by ordering two raised donuts.  Um, if work sucks so badly, maybe it's time to find a different job? Case in point - on my most recent visit to Greenbush, I waited for nearly 10 minutes before a dude with a shaved head came up to take my order. He didn't say a word - just glared at me with a "WTF do you want?" look. I ordered my two donuts, tipped him $1 and didn't even get a "thanks" or "cool.". I just don't get it.  What's funny is I recall the owner (aka "The Donut Man") as being a jovial fella - he used to go on air with Sly on WIBA 101.5FM, and he always seemed like a good dude.  Apparently he hires folks that don't share a similar attitude...But, the donuts are unreal, so I'll go back again and again. Why must I be so addicted to them??Best bets: the fritters are amazing.  Huge, but amazing.  Get there early, because they sell out by 8:00am.  Cake donuts?  Great.  Raised donuts?  Great.  You really can't go wrong - just go there, order some goodies, but expect to be treated like dirt.
4	Update - I went into the Greenbush early this morning (6:30am) with the hope of scoring an Apple Fritter... they were sold out.  :-(BUT, I did meet a wonderful worker there - she was an older woman, but she was extremely helpful, friendly, and accommodating.  She told me that the best time to get a fritter is after 5pm each day.  Apparently they make the fritters at around 4:30 or so, and they're available after 5pm.  I tipped her for her helpfulness, and she admitted that some of the guys there were "cantakerous" - I'd say that's an understatement!!So, I stopped back at 5pm tonight and grabbed a fritter.  Sure enough, there were about 20 fritters in the display case.  Service, though, once again, sucked.  The guy working there was sitting on the counter, dangling his feet, and when I noticed him sitting behind the counter and asked for a fritter, he let out a huge sigh, slumped off from the counter, literally threw a fritter in the bag, and said, "$5."  I did not tip him.  I simply don't get it!!!  Why are all of the guys that work there complete douche bags????  It makes no sense to me.The fritter... amazing.
5	Some of the best donuts I have ever eaten.  Insanely tasty.  Very fresh.  A dozen is 10 bucks, which I really don't mind.  I'm not local, but I make it a point to stop in every time I'm in town.  I have never had a bad donut in this place.
1	The service is the worst I have ever had anywhere, period.  There is a girl working there who is snide to every customer as the other employees sit in the back and laugh.  The best part about Greenbush Bakery is having your friends call the Better Business Bureau on them and lodging a complaint.  If they get ten complaints per year the company will get a fine.  Maybe if customer who is treated as less than human calls the BBB, owner will wise up and hire some employees who treat the customers with a sense of decency.  The old employees of 5-10 years ago where MUCH MUCH better.  Sadly I will never go back to Greenbush after the owner didn't respond well to my complaint.here is the BBB's website where you can get info about making a complaint.http://www.bbb.org/us/
1	Worst customer service i have ever experience.  The snot nosed kids who work there just harass you for the sake of it.  Does that girl still work there?  I think she was abused by donuts when she was a kid or something.If you have a problem with them just get in touch www.BBB.org  If they get a certain number of complaints they will get fined and the owner will think twice about who she/he is hiring.
5	Love this place. Sometimes the owner works the counter and I love that. Makes me happy to support local business when I can eat an awesome donut and chat with the owner and hear about his fav's
5	I did not want to like these. I thought, how could a donut inspire such a greatness. I have tasted Randy's Donuts and Stan's Donuts in LA. I long for the old fashioned donut of Chock Full O Nuts in NY, Dunkin Donuts have become boring and plastic, so I had low expectations when I arrived here at 7:00 am on a Sunday. BTW, the apple fritters were all sold out??? I need to get a fritter. Anyway, they were good donuts. They live up to the hype. Congratulations Greenbush on bringing greatness and quality back to the donut. Suggestion - a powdered jelly filled, please.
5	It's 1 am, you are just coming down from a terrific high and you are ready for some doughnuts.  Where do you go?  This place!  Me and three of my friends once went here and ordered two dozen doughnuts.  We ate them all on the way home!My first purchase from this place was a humongous apple turnover in 1976.  It was after a Kansas concert.  I have been going back ever since.  The doughnuts continue to be as good as ever.
5	I have been coming here for 15 years or so, and have never once been disappointed. The lady who is virtually always behind the counter greets my kids and I like family, and even remembers which ones we like best. The old fashioned varieties are my favorites (I think they're made with sour cream) but my kids love the cream filled ones. When my dad visits from Philly he makes sure we always get there once since, as he says, these are the best donuts he's ever had - and the guy has had a lot of donuts in his day. And here's a little known secret - if there's a variety you just love, but they are always out by the time you haul yourself down there in the morning, you can call them the day before, and they will have your favorite all boxed up and waiting for you when you finally get there. Ok, it takes a little advance planning, but it is so worth it. We have never, ever, been disappointed with this place - and that's why I will keep going back.
5	My FAVORITE spot for donuts.  I often have cravings for these donuts, and I wouldn't even consider myself someone who loves donuts.  I'm more of a pastry kinda girl but these donuts are DELISH!
4	I think everything that can be said about this place has been said before - Amazing donuts, amazing fritters, decent prices, awesome hours, terrible service. But really, you don't go to a donut place at 2am for the conversation or friendly smiles. You go there because you need a delicious hunk of fried and frosted dough to shove in your face. And they provide that dough in the form of a delicious ring of awesome that few other donut shops can match. I have to say though, I am kind of a fan of the angry tattooed girl that works there. Her consistent bitterness always makes me consider whether maybe, just maybe, my day was a little better than I thought it was. And I thank her for that. :)
5	Love their old fashioned donuts and apple fritters! Best bakery I've come across in madison.
5	Best dougnuts in the world!!!  I'm not even kidding when I say that.  This place is the mecca for anyone who loves a good donut.  I don't even care that sometimes the guy working the counter isn't too enthused about his job.  The donuts are delicious.  Not cheap but not expensive either.  And they're used to be 2 for 1 coupons in the student papers.  This place was open late, especially on the weekends.  The triple chocolate ones were always the best.  Chocolate donut with chocolate icing, filled with chocolate custard.  How could you go wrong?!  Pretty sure they make a fresh batch of donuts around 4 pm every day.  You should call and ask before you stop over.  The fresh warm doughnuts are heavenly!  Can't wait to go back.  Also if you're watching your weight.  Stop kidding yourself.  Walk away immediately.
1	I am confused.  I have been here twice and had donuts worse than Copps.  OK, I will try a few more options.  1. Go at 1AM.  2. Go at 4PM.  I don't know whats wrong with me but this place seems overrated.
5	All I can say is warm fresh apple fritters (especially appreciated when I tailgate during badger games)...Mmmm
4	The donuts are killer. Delicious. Get dressed at 11 p.m. and pile in the car to get donuts kinda donuts. Service is spotty, and I've been in there a couple times and they had no glazed donuts. No glazed donuts, really? Otherwise, definitely a place to go.
5	The best donut shop in the world. Selection varies by day of the week (Thursday night is the best time) but there is usually always something to come home with. I suggest the "old fashioned" or "custard filled". Always friendly service and very affordable (just under a dollar a donut). If I get the death penalty the apple fritter will be my last meal.
4	Many of the reviews on here are written by the late-night donut connoisseurs.  My perspective is from going to Greenbush weekend mornings.  I have been to Greenbush a few times, and they are always out of all the best donuts.  I am guessing that all the late-night donut connoisseurs clean them out.  Last time we went, my husband and I thought to call ahead to see if our favorites were there before making the trip.  The woman on the phone was wonderful and agreed to put aside two chocolate cream filled donuts for my husband and I.  When we arrived to pick up our donuts, she told us we should feel free to call ahead any time and they would be happy to set aside our favorites for us.  It was a good thing we called ahead because they were out of cream filled donuts by the time we got there and ours were boxed up and ready to go.  The $5 apple fritters are huge....as big as your head. My husband and I split one and there was plenty for each of us.  These are the best apple fritters I've ever had.
5	The ONLY place in Madison where you can get a good fresh donut. Try the Old Fashioned's , as they are the best in my opinion. Remember to get there early on the weekends for optimal selection,but they also make the donuts at night as well, so sometimes 6:30-7:00pm on weekdays works well. Nothing beats a hot donut from the Greenbush.
5	Apple fritters! Pumpkin doughnuts!The best apple fritter I have ever had! Doughnuts are fantastic!
5	I'm writing this while enjoying one of Greenbush's very own double chocolate glazed doughnuts - perhaps all this chocolate-y goodness is clouding my current judgement, but these are the absolute best doughnuts you'll find in Madison. No wonder this is a bakery that students, families, and lovers of all things baked and glazed tend to frequent. Absolutely delicious and cheap to boot.  It is true that certain varieties tend to sell out quickly - as others before me have mentioned, the apple fritters are killer and extremely popular. The Oreo doughnuts and classic glazed with sprinkles tend to disappear, too. Don't let that deter you, though - I've never been disappointed with anything I've had from here, even if it wasn't my first choice of the day.
3	So after reading the majority of the reviews for this place I expected nasty people behind the counter and no fritters.  I dared go in because I was curious about the supposed glorious doughnuts. I went there this morning at around 830, and they had plenty of fritters and other kinds of doughnuts.  The red headed lady behind the counter was friendly and didn't seemed miffed at all when I asked a couple of questions.  She even smiled at me and said "thanks for coming in" as I left.  While almost every business trains their employees to say such things, she did not come across as disingenuous.  I picked up some doughnuts and they disappeared quickly when I threw them into the middle of a car full of hungry people, (who were not drunk or high.)  They were good.  I didn't want to fall down and thank the heavens for them, but they were good enough that'll we'll back.    I'd certainly go here again before going to Lane's down on Park St, that is, unless I wanted all my doughnuts laced with flies.
5	Local and open late, the best combination. I should say I didn't really like donuts until I had a Greenbush donut. Their plain glazed or chocolate glazed cruellers are the best, the perfect combination of sugar and grease, a mouthwatering crunch, and satisfying cakeyness. My go-to donut at other donut establishments is usually the Boston Cream, but the custard filling at Greenbush is a little too sweet, and the icing not chocolatey enough. No matter, because the other donuts are so fantastic I don't even crave Boston Cream anymore. I haven't tried their apple fritter because it is humongous and could feed a small family. I will call in for backup next time. Coffee is self-serve and just okay, but helps wash down the grease. There is also pull-in parking, which is nice. It can be stressful to look for parking on a street like Regent.
3	A mixed bag. If you must go, try the plain donuts. Avoid the filled donuts with caramel centers that are sickeningly sick and yet lack any flavor. I've had good chocolate donuts before, and Greenbush's are definitely not it.
5	How does Greenbush not have 500 five-star ratings?  It is a doughnut shop.  I would argue the best doughnut shop ever create, and it is open at 2am on Fridays and Saturdays.  What are you doing this Friday and Saturday at 1am?  Because it sure as hell isn't better than eating a Greenbush doughnut, I can tell you that.  Yes, sometimes the doughnuts have a lot of sugar in them, but they Are doughnuts after all.  Beautiful doughnuts.  Beautiful doughnuts with a delicately crispy exterior.   Just enough texture to delight and then you get to the soft, light, and perfectly cooked interior.   Sometimes they are even warm, though usually not at 1am.  You will not appreciate these doughnuts, even though you tell all of your friends and family about them; even though they made you gain ten pounds.  No, you will not appreciate them until you move to a land of barren, dry, cakey, awful doughnuts.  It is only then that you will remember midnight stumbles to Greenbush after a night of drinking.  Only then will you remember waiting for the damnable 6 bus to show up with with warm Greenbush in your hands. Greenbush was there for me when I needed doughnuts for class or work.  Greenbush was there for me when I needed to stay up all night to study.  Greenbush, how could you be so cruel to exist and to not follow me everywhere?  P.S. Greenbush it took me like a year to lose those pounds, how could you.
5	Best doughnuts ever! It was my first time there and the girl behind the counter was so nice and helpful! I will be back :-)
5	This place is amazing! The donuts are sooo good and they even have fat free chocolate milk. The only downfall is their donut selection can be a bit sparse at times which is disappointing. Try the Bavarian cream donuts!!
5	Oh I love Greenbush. I don't know how someone could give this place a bad review. I'm not one to just 'waste' 400-1300 calories on anything... And I will consume 1-3 donuts on each visit. I highly recommend the old-fashioned donut (a bit heavier) and the coconut with vanilla icing (light airy and delicious). One possible reason that someone could have a less than optimal experience... Would be if they went at the wrong time. They prepare their FRESH donuts in the late afternoon, which I think isn't something most people would expect. Go in around 4-5 Mon-Sat for the best selection, but note that they close early in the afternoon Sunday. (Side note: I used to dislike running and started running 6-7miles/day due to my donut consumption... That's commitment to both Greenbush and the fit of my current wardrobe... Woof!)
4	Although it is not obviously the healthiest choice for a late night snack, nothing beats a warm, fresh, doughnut from Greenbush. Anything is good when it is fresh out of the oven, but I'm a big fan of the apple fritter.  One of the largest doughnuts on the menu, but also one of the most delicious, sugary, treats.  Ever.  You can pretend like you'll share it with your friends, but I guarantee that once you bite into it you won't want to!
4	I can't give a bad review about a doughnut place....Although I was disappointed that my treat here tasted the same as one from KK--not a bad thing though. Albeit it was $0.20 cheaper per fried goodness which is a pro. They had a very interesting Oreo encrusted cream filled doughnut which my BF particularly enjoyed. Not much to keep me coming back and choosing Greenbush's over another chain except that I try to avoid chains when I can.
5	Why, WHY DID I TAKE THE PLUNGE and wander into this sweet emporium of delicious doughnut heaven. Bad news. I'm glad I did, don't get me wrong but now every time I'm on regent my stomach will say "STOP" even though my head is thinking "keep driving fool, you've already had 3 this week!"I made it to Greenbush for an afternoon snack attack and the pleasant guy behind the counter explained mornings are best for munching. Things are freshest and the variety is plentiful. I explained that I was a first timer so he immediately grabbed their famous sour cream confection and had me nibble while I browsed. I'm willing to say (fresh outta the oven) it was probably the best doughnut I've ever eaten. Sweet but not overly so, a mildly crispy outside and caking center. YUM. As I munched I peered into the case and knew I need a raspberry filled chocolate doughnut and a pumpkin doughnut, then asked the gent to throw in another sour cream for good measure. I'm not going to lie to you. I ate the raspberry filled in the car and had half of the sour cream. Two and a half donuts in ten minutes. The beast is unleashed.
4	Doughnuts are on my mind right now, so it was about time that I reviewed one of my Madison favorites  The best way I can describe Greenbush is a better quality version of your average Dunkin or Winchell's.  Nothing really fancy and unique but good, cheap doughnuts in all shapes and varieties.  My favorite.......the cinnamon with apple filling!    I hadn't eaten one of these things of beauty since I was a little kid back when parachute pants were acceptable to wear, so when I first walked into Greenbush over two years ago, I had felt as if I won the lottery when I saw a rack full of them!  I'm also a sucker for the cream filled doughnuts!Service has always been good, and you cannot beat the price!  If I wasn't  over 2000 miles away right now, I'd wander into Greenbush and go on a full on doughnut binge.
3	Oreo donuts tasted pretty good. The baked goods did not give me an orgasm but is a little more fun than dunkin donuts
2	Each time I go to Greenbush, I never know what to expect.  I went once on a Monday afternoon and there were hardly any doughnuts - no glazed doughnuts at all.  The worker told me it was because they got a late start on Mondays.  I went last Friday night around 9:30 pm and had 3 of the best doughnuts I'd ever had.  I went today (Tuesday) at 2:00 pm and the doughnuts are stale - they are at least a day old.  Why not let the customers know that the doughnuts are not fresh in the afternoon so we know not to buy them?  Why sell stale doughnuts?  If you open at 6:00 am, why are the doughnuts stale at 2:00 pm? It wasn't until I got home and ate a doughnut that I realized they were stale.  So, go at night.
4	These guys are famous for their 3 pound apple fritters but also have top-notch doughnuts. Open quite late sometimes, it makes for stellar munchies after a trip to the Regent-area bars.
5	Open late for those midnight cravings or bar time food. Best doughnuts in town, hands down. $1 a piece, my only complaint is they don't do the bakers dozen but eh, its one extra doughnut and not worth a knocking them down a star.
5	I don't know why you'd get doughnuts anywhere else. These are really great doughnuts, possibly the best I've ever had. They're very fresh and the store hours are great. It feels kind of cheap giving a no-frills bakery five stars so easily, but they do deserve it. I couldn't do the doughnut justice by describing it, but in the age of manufactured supermarket and chain doughnuts, Greenbush's are a real treat.I recommend trying the "popular" ones first and branching your way out.
4	Don't be confused by the name.  This is not a full-service bakery.  I've never seen a loaf of bread or a cake in the place.  It sells donuts, turnovers, and persians/bismarks.  (They might do cookies too.)  Apple turnovers I bought on April 6 were EXCELLENT and actually had a good amount of apples and not too much cinnamon.  Dough was crispy and airy, just what you want in a turnover.  The glazed cake donuts were excellent, even the day after I bought them and they were not greasy tasting.   I've had their chocolate-covered custard-filled bismarks and those were good too, but the apple turnovers are THE BEST.
5	This place is the best! I was having an argument with my boyfriend about how there was no way this place would be better than this little doughnut shop back in my hometown. The baker overheard and gave us each a free doughnut to help prove the point. I hate admitting it, but my boyfriend was right! This is the best doughnut place ever. All workers are amazingly nice. They don't even get impatient when I get indecisive about which doughnut to get (which I'm always super thankful about).
5	This place is a must-go!  We went there this weekend for the first time and the service was excellent.  Not only that, but the doughnuts were exceptional.  It has been hard for me to find a good-family owned bakery since I moved to Madison, but here it has been all along!  We will definitely be back soon.  My favorites were the sprinkle ones and the apple fritter looked amazing.  The girl working said they don't make long-johns all the time, mainly for special orders, but I bet those would be great!  I may just have to special order some!! Check it out!  But...get there early!!  Before 7 on a Sunday!
2	Drove all the way downtown so my girlfriends daughter could get a few donuts. Not too impressive. They have a lot of donuts, but they only have a few different types/flavors.  I have seen larger selections at most grocery stores. That being said, I walked away paying only 4 bucks for our breafast. Not too bad.
5	Update (again) - still the best donuts (and more specifically Apple Fritters) in Madison (and quite possibly the surrounding area). Staff is for the most part friendly and helpful, although you'll occassionally find a cranky person behind the counter.Additional tip - if you're Jonesing for a fritter (or any of their other goodies) but are afraid you'll arrive after they're sold out, you can call ahead (up to a day) and reserve whatever your sweet tooth desires. They'll hold it for you.Great donuts, great value. Love this place. And nothing beats a fresh, warm fritter... it's like striking the lottery.7/12/13 Update/edit:I can confirm with ABSOLUTE CERTAINTY that the best time to grab fresh donuts is in the early evening. I spoke with the staff about it this morning... I had to pick-up donuts for my project team and when I arrived to Greenbush at 8:45am, the donut selection was really picked-over. No fritters, and most of the donuts were suffering from sitting in the case over night. The super helpful staff confirmed the fritters are typically made in the late afternoon/early evening, unless a special order requires a different time. Most of the other donuts are made late in the day as well.So... if you demand the freshest donuts possible, visit in the early evening. Selection will be excellent and the donuts will be superb.
4	I don't know if I just never noticed them before or what, but in the past year or so I have been getting the cookies and cream (or "oreo") donut and seriously, it is amazing. Nothing else to really report on, just the possible addition of this magical hunk of tastiness. Get one!
5	I have little to add, the best damn doughnut I've ever had, period.  And, for the reviewer or two who said things like "my grocery store has doughnuts too", or "Dunkin Donuts has more variety" I say please, stop shopping at Greenbush and take your stunted palette back to SAMs Club and leave the best for the rest of us.  More for me, that's what I have to say.
3	I am a lover of all things dough, but you have to think carefully about the doughnut choices you make at Greenbush.  Case in point: my husband ordered a doughnut covered in fruity pebbles to fulfill some sort of childhood fantasy (I'm guessing...fruity pebbles were never my cereal of choice growing up :)  The cereal covering the actual doughnut was stale, so you could tell that doughnut had been sitting in the display case for a couple of days.  And that makes sense since most people probably wouldn't order this doughnut...maybe just on a whim as was the case with my (hungry) husband)!  If you stick with classic selections that get baked on a daily basis due to demand (like the glazed, chocolate covered, or apple fritter) your sweet tooth will be satisfied.Also, I took someone's Yelp advice to ask the staff for recommendations and I was met with a little hostility from the guy working the counter at the time.  Maybe he wasn't too keen on having to close the store at 2am (I went in around 7p on a Sunday), but just beware they may become unfriendly when you start asking questions.
5	Has to be the best Apple Fritter on the planet!  Plus, they have a raspberry Rabbi, which I've never found anywhere else.
5	We were making one of our several-times-a-year pilgrimages to Madison and I decided I needed some doughnuts ASAP, so I googled "best doughnuts in Madison" and this was the first result. I was not disappointed! I took the advice of several reviews and stopped by in the early evening and bought two dozen assorted to share with friends. The staff was very helpful in getting me the best sampler possible. The doughnuts were intensely fresh and tasty, and the variety was really awesome! We mowed through them over the course of that day's dinner/dessert and breakfast the next morning, with plenty to spare. I recommend getting a variety and cutting them into bites so you can sample the optimal number of flavors. We will be returning.
5	Oh Lord...This is one of those establishments that you LOVE and that you LOVE even more that you live far away so that when you come to town, this is a special treat.  So I've been here twice in one weekend...Apple Fritters, sold out both times.  However the coconut donuts are to die for.  Staff was great, funny and very helpful in helping you full your dozen and more for the road trip home.  Makes for a special treat every time I'm in Madison.
5	Great donuts. Great people. No other donut in Madison compares.
5	I walk by this place constantly. It's a diet of the mind not to run in and get an old fashioned each and every time.
5	Amazing donuts. Recommend the classic donut just to say you have had one. Side note: they are kosher.
5	WHY ARE YOU OPEN SO LATE!You're trying to kill me, Greenbush. Good thing you're so lovable or I'd really be upset. Current fave is the pumpkin with cinnamon and sugar, and the oreo with awesome creme filling ain't too shabby either. The sour cream will always be my mainstay though, and a perfect reason to give them a visit at 9pm.
5	I LIKE BIG DONUTS AND I CAN NOT LIE.But how to feed the crave?...a fritter from Greenbush will more than suffice.Blueberry, apple...'tis no matter. If it's got fritter in the name and it's from this place you are sittin pretty. They are $5, bigger than my head, and sooooo good. Eat the whole thing, as I often do (it's hard to share)...and you will start twitching. Really you will, but it is absolutely worth it.If you're new to the donut cult, first of all, welcome. From now onward, visions of sugary balls of dough will forever dance in your head. Your thoughts will evermore be occupied with sweet musings and that is alright. Know that you are in good company and that Greenbush is here to fuel your donut needs. And yes, it is a need. Fritter awesomeness aside, what sets Greenbush apart is the fact that they are open at such odd hours. And by odd I mean that they are open from 6am until at least 11pm during the week and from 6am to 2am on the weekend, if not later. Talk about a constant temptation.I've had the pleasure of experiencing quite a few of their donuts since my first Greenbush encounter, and while most of them have been glorious (especially the Old Fashioned varieties and the Oreo filled), the fritters still rock my world.Oh and each donut (besides the fritters) are $1. Deliciously preposterous.
5	Great in house made donuts!!! Good prices too. It was our first time going and we will be back! Highly recommend the original
3	I don't get the hype.  Their donuts are decent but overpriced.  Poor customer service - cashier acted like I was hassling her when I asked what flavors different donuts there were.  I love that they are open late, though, and they do satisfy the craving in the wee hours!
5	Best donuts in town!
5	Past midnight on the weekend and you want to wake up with an extra dose of shame?  Come and enjoy all that Greenbush has to offer.  I'm a big fan of their apple fritters and crullers.  Trust me, shame never tasted better!
5	Fantastic donuts, fritters, cinnamon rolls...  Super friendly and nice people.  Highly recommend!(Though be sure to skip the coffee -- walk down the street to Indie instead.)
5	Dear God, the coconut doughnuts. I love them. It's just doughnut, glaze, and coconut but when they come together the result is otherworldly. I feel certain that it melts in your mouth but, like the owl in those Tootsie Pop commercials, I cannot leave the doughnut in my mouth long enough to test my theory. I want to marry coconut doughnut.
5	Best donuts in Madison' possibly ever. Waited 30 minutes for them to open when I realized I got there early. That good.
4	Donuts were okay but nothing too spectacular as the hype makes it out to be.  Maybe reading the reviews here made my expectations go through the roof because I expected the sweet tender dough to have a hint of oh just enough hint of butter, sugar, and vanilla extract that just explodes in your mouth and take over my body kind of experience, similar to the infamous Herbal Essence shower commercial.  I was severely let down.The way I see it is that the variety of donuts here are more of a novelty more than anything.  Although, the apple fritters are very good and the closest I got to getting that "Herbal Essence" experience.  They would probably the only thing I would come back for.
5	The BEST old fashion donuts.  I have spent many a drunken nights stuffing my face with these donuts.  I have since graduated and moved away, but when I'm back in Madison I have to make a detour just to stock up on these donuts.
5	A classic bakery!  When someone at work brings in Greenbush donuts, people show up.  It's not that grocery store junk you find elsewhere (you know who you are!)Today, in fact, we enjoyed our favorite - a fresh apple fritter.  NOM!  They are HUGE - not a single serving by any means (though, if you *wanted* to...).  For $5, you get a scrumptious piece of love that had a little "crunch" on the outside with the soft and tender baked goodness inside.  The flavor pops - a good dose of cinnamon and tangible apple throughout.  The donuts are classic - nothing overly fancy, just the favorites you always loved.  Even a simple plain white donut with frosting and sprinkles can put a smile on your face.The folks are friendly and helpful.  We ring this bell early and often...
5	Hands down, the best donut shop I've ever been to. The prices are reasonable, a HUGE variety, fresh, great hours and prompt friendly service. What more could you ask for.As I drive by it 3-4 days a week it takes all my will power not to stop there except for every few weeks. Then I have to fight the urge off to only have 1/2 a donut instead of 3 but it makes them taste even better.So that all said, I recommend you try it out...a hidden Madison gem
5	What can I say, Skip Duncan Donuts, Krispy Kreme and all the other brands out there, GBB makes THE best donuts hands down! Apple fritters bigger than your head, raspberry filled Krullers, the list goes on. Nummy for your tummy!! Thank Marv the owner and his crew for all that numminess!!
5	Hands down the best donuts in Madison.  I love the chocolate cake donuts.  I work only a few blocks from there and drive past it going to/from work.  It takes a lot of self control not to stop there :P
5	This is the place to go for a quick dozen or half dozen. If you want some fresh donuts after hitting the bars or before heading out for an action packed day, this is a great place to stop.I have sampled many of the different options over the years, and the donuts are always fresh and flavorful. The folks behind the counter are courteous and efficient, and they usually chat with the customers and create a fun ambiance.This is a great stop after having a slice at the Rocky's next door!
5	A staple for any college student. One of the go-to's for stumbling in at 2am during the weekend. Amazing fresh doughnuts all day long and a good variety. Personally, I'm a big fan of cake doughnuts, and always go for the pumpkin whenever they have it. Other than that favorites are blueberry old-fashioned and the Oreo.
5	The best doughnuts I've ever had!! The staff was super friendly. I'm never going anywhere else.
5	Friendly atmosphere, great and tasty choices, love the muffins!!! Yummmmmm!
4	Great for any drunken night of the week or bringing them into work for a rough morning. Kinda pricey overall for what you get, but the oreo donut is Amazing! So many options, all fresh, and it's the closest your getting to a local bakery, with the exception it's mostly donuts.
4	Items Selected:Apple FritterAlmond KringleSour Cream Old FashionedBlueberry Cake DonutWestward bound for Madison with dinner plans bumped back to seven it was to 1305 Regent Street that I set my GPS and arriving at Greenbush Bakery just after 3:00pm it was much to my surprise that the doughnuts were still frying fresh, the store's two clerks actually in back as I entered, thus allowing me a few minutes to peruse before anyone even realized I'd arrived.  Every bit a mom n' pop spot and the sort of place that looks as though it has "been there fooorrrrrever" to feed little Badgers and alumni alike it was first with a startle and then a smile that my server eventually came around the corner and much to my delight it was almost as if he was baring gifts, a full tray of Frisbee-sized fritters glistening beneath wet glaze and still hot to the touch.  Quick to procure one $5 fritter and adding on two more $1 rings plus a Wisconsin-staple "Kringle" before paying my thanks and the tab it was immediately to the sunny street that I progressed and with my hotel mere moments away it was just as glaze had set that I dug in, the crispy rim of cinnamon and sugar shattering to pockets of apple amidst lightly fried dough.  Truly a textbook fritter without even a hint of oiliness it was likely an effect of such a stellar opening volley that made both the blueberry cake and old fashioned seem rather pedestrian by comparison but with textures and flavor far superior to Milwaukee's Holey Moley at nearly half the price one would still be hard pressed to complain - my only regret being the valuable stomach space filled, thus limiting my indulgence in the almond stuffed kringle whose buttery layers of lamination roused memories of a Mardi Gras King Cake without one ounce of guilt for eating it "out of season."
5	Here I am in Chicago, surrounded by trendy lard filled captain crunch covered donut places and all I want is a kosher blueberry donut from Greenbush.
5	The Greenbush Bakery's apple fritter is amazing.  Back when I lived in Madison, I'd pick one up whenever I'd be about to leave the state to visit family, and it was a sure-fire thing that it would be well received when I'd arrive.  I'd swing by at other times, too, of course.  5:30 AM and thinking of finally going to sleep, but a bit hungry?  Perfect time for a sunrise drive to Greenbush, arrive at opening, and get an apple fritter or a couple other donuts.  And of course it's great late at night, too.No longer living in Madison, I've tried to find an equal to Greenbush's apple fritter, and most of them are pretty disappointing.  They just don't have the apple flavor, or they texture is wrong and they're too greasy.  Greenbush's are pretty tough to beat.  After several months of searching I did manage to find one that's decently close locally, but it's still just a bit lacking in the apple department.  So I'll still buy them, but as I eat them I invariably find myself thinking, "This is pretty good... but it's not quite as good as Greenbush's!"As others have noted, the fritters are gigantic; I'd typically cut them into 8 slices like a pie and each person would have 1 or 2 at a time.  But they're good enough that it's also easy to buy one for yourself, and finish it off over the course of a couple days.  Other donuts are regular-sized... but try the fritter first, as you won't be disappointed.
5	This is THE place for donut-lovers in Madison.  Cannot speak more highly of this place and their old-fashioneds.  Just such a treat.
5	Yummy!!
5	Ridiculously huge apple fritters. Delicious sprinkle donuts. Grab a milk to go with it! Best donuts in Madison.
