5	The breakfast crepes with the soytang sauce are enough to drag me out of bed on the weekend that's how good they are.   And let's not even talk about all the sweet crepes full of chocolately goodness that you can order.
5	Ham and cheese crepe with bechamel sauce, side salad with a tangy champagne vinaigrette and mandarins on top. Add to a perfect cup of hot chocolate or orangina, and it's the most delicious breakfast/brunch meal you could imagine. As a Pittsburgher for 5 years, I spent much of my 2 years in Shadyside as a regular here - often taking new people and having large brunches with friends and students. When going, keep in mind you'll be waiting in a line to order- the line does pause until more tables open up, so be patient. It is quick though and WELL worth the wait!
5	dear god, this place is heavenly. i usually like the dessert stuff, but that soytang with tomato and cheese could make a convert out of me. the side salad is NOT a throwaway. and my boyfriend HATES french stuff usually, but even he likes this place. alot. we live right around the corner from this place; can't believe our luck! and tea drinkers--this is your spot! lots of fun mags, too.
4	Fantastic crepes. Really. The savory ones (like the smoked salmon), the sweet ones, all of them are just plain great. The restaurant is actually a tiny basement of a Shadyside-style home. They try hard to make it feel like France by making it narrow, crowded, lacking air conditioning, and cash-only. Those are the drawbacks, but it adds to the authenticity I suppose. Also, they have Evian and Orangina, which is always nice. If you need breakfast - can't beat the crepes here. Go, eat, have fun, forget where you are for a while.
5	Cafe au lait, in a bowl/cup! Look ma, no handle! Honestly, and I know it's such a little little thing, but this is the big reason I love Crepes Parisiennes. That and the staff, especially the guy who takes orders and always seem a little out of it but is friendly nonetheless. I tended towards the dark chocolate crepe with walnuts and whipped cream. Imagine it. Literally, droolingly delicious. I mean, if you're going to have breakfast at a crepe place, you might as well get ridiculous. The savory crepes are good, from what I remember of eating off friend's plates. Go at odd hours, and not breakfast or brunch time on weekends because it gets packed. And bring cash.
5	My favorite crepe place! Another location on Craig Street. Yay!They only take cash though and usually have strange hours. Plus it's packed at peak hours on weekends. Salmon dishes or anything with nutella is amazing. They also have Orangina!
1	Unless you've been here before, let me warn you about the "unspoken house rules": 1. Order first (do not try and sit down).2. Wait for your food while standing.3. Find a seat (if one is available).Under no circumstances should you sit down before placing an order. And if the place is full, don't try and sit down without food in your hands, unless you want to be made an example of.My wife and I (who frequent restaurants several times a week) have never experienced anyone quite as rude as the woman behind the counter at this place.  We had never been here before and when we walked in, my wife sat down at a table and I went up to place our order.Little did I know the house rules (see above) and after the people in front of me ordered, the obnoxious cashier pointed to our table and to another table (of newbies) and said to the person who just placed the order: "you can either sit there or there", with the tact of, say, General Patton. She never asked us to get up or explained the "unwritten rules" to us.  An "excuse me, but you need to order first before you sit down" would have sufficed.So, my wife got up and we walked out of this place. The food could very well be good - but with waitstaff like this woman - there are plentty of other places around town with not-so crummy service that I'd prefer to spend my money.
5	Oh my goodness-- best crepes ever! they have a chocalate banana crepe that is one of the best deserts out there!! or maybe you want to eat a little healthier-- the egg and cheese and the ham and egg crepe are both GREAT choices for a protein breakfast!! So So Good! The have a nice little shop and everyone is friendly-- also of great importance--very fast, speedy service but fresh food !!A + check it out next time you are in Shadyside!
4	Crepes Parisiennes does what it does very well.The crepes are tender and buttery and the savory ones come with a side salad with mandarin oranges and a house vinaigrette. My favorites are the salmon or banana crepes. I can never tell when it's open though. Often I go, and they are closed for some inexplicable reason. Or they're super crowded...
5	Oh man, I miss this place so much!  I never knew what a treat a crepe restaurant was until I didn't have it anymore.  It's on a side street off of Walnut, in a small basement place with old stone walls. DON'T SIT DOWN BEFORE ORDERING! The owner will get mad.I love the atmosphere, the mean owner, the cute waitresses, the big coffee mugs, and my favorites crepes are the 'savory', not 'sweet' ones.  I think my Perfect Day would begin here with an egg and sausage crepe with olive oil sauce.It does get crowded. Go before 10 am or after 2 pm. Not open for dinner.  The newer crepe place on Craig street is nice too, more collegey. Man I miss this place.
3	They are unique to Pittsburgh and the crepes are outstanding.  The owner is a nice guy who made a point to say hello to some guests who I was with this morning who frequent much more than I do.  The place was packed at 2 PM on a saturday I can't imagine it being comfortable on a Sunday or Saturday AM.  The wait staff in general is off and I'm really not sure why.  I mean sure they are busy, but in these types of non-franchise "bohemian" joints usually the 20 somethings are exceptionally nice.  Oh, well maybe this is part of the authentic Frecnch experience.  You do feel the need to eat quickly because of  the other customers eyeing you up for the precious few seats available.  Outside of the venue and service the crepes are the best I've ever had in Pittsburgh and if the service and venue was better this  could easily be four or maybe even five stars.  I had the smoked salmon with creme fraiche' and it was perfect.  It had great quality ingredients and was truly delicious.  A friend had the ham and cheese which was also excellent and another had  just a  traditional crepe with maple syrup.  This was also a smashing success.  I think the owner needs to share with his young staff some of the hospitality he showed my friends, but I'm guessing they don't feel this is necessary since they seem to be at capacity already.
5	The food is amazing, which is what causes the common wait however its definately worth the wait. The vegetarian crepe is one of the most amazing meals you could ask for the tomatoes are slightly spicy and the soytang dressing compliments the crepe well. This is one restaurant I doubt I would ever tire of. I would often go with friends order a savory crepe and split a sweet one with a friend!My mouth is watering just thinking of the yummy food!
4	I had a salmon crepe here & it was delicious - broke me out of the habit of mostly eating dessert crepes. The only downside is that they only take cash... but there is an ATM just down the street. This is a great place to meet up with an old friend or acquaintance.
5	This place is great!  I love the crepes, especially the Chocolate Banana.  I always take guests here when they come to visit, because they're always impressed.  Their hot chocolate is amazing!  I like the French theme, but it does need a little updating.  Chairs are uncomfortable.  Service isn't that great.  But, the crepes are so good that it doesn't matter.
4	Crepes Parisiennes in Shadyside is absolutely scrumptious and many people agree because this place and the Craig Street (Oakland) location are always busy.  It's the perfect place for a light brunch or lunch with a couple people (whoever since it's casual... friends, family, potential significant other, etc.), but not so much for large groups since seating is extremely limited and you have to place your order first (and wait for an available table if there aren't any).  If you do have to wait, you can spend some of that time looking right into the small kitchen area and watch as your crepe is made.  My favorite is their [savory] salmon crepe.  Mmm mmm mmm!!  The sweet crepes are too big for me to eat alone so if there's a group consensus, we'll order one and split it.  (Oh, Nutella!)  Random, but I'll also add that I like how I can pour my ice water from their pitcher rather than get it from a little tab under the lemonade spout thing on a fountain drink machine.
3	This place has delicious, delicious food.  I love eating it so much.  On the down side, it's really kind of a pain to get in there.  The lines are long, and the seating is not plentiful.  That's after you fight for parking.  As tasty as the crepes are, I usually decide it isn't worth the bother and go somewhere else.
4	I travel to Pittsburgh pretty often, and the owner who cooks the crepes recognizes my wife and me every single time we're there.The crepes are excellent, the prices are more than reasonable, and as long as you don't go there during a peak period, it's never too crowded.
4	Nice cozy underground restaurant that serves crepes and a great Cafe au lait.  They have plenty of sweet crepes and a few savory ones.  They could add a couple more savory ones, but otherwise I would definitely eat there again.
1	The crepes served by this establishment might very well be the culinary embodiment of a mind-exploding, toe-curling, orgasm.  I say, "might be" because on my recent (and last) trip there I didn't have an opportunity to sample them.  In fact, I didn't eat anything at all.Please let me explain.The restaurant is located in the basement of a building off of Walnut Street.  Customers are expected to wait in a line that stretches from the entrance, through the main dining area, to a counter where the crepes are ordered and cooked.  It's a horrendous setup for multiple reasons.  First, there aren't many tables.  When I went there on a Saturday morning, there were at least 20 people standing in line for the ten or so small tables.  Second, the restaurant expects you to wait in line, standing next to tables of patrons who are eating their food, until a table becomes free.  At that point, the woman at the counter takes the next order, a man begins preparing the crepes, and the front of the line is seated while everyone else continues to wait.  Those who have waited long enough, are finally able to sit, while hungry and impatient diners-to-be stand next to their table and wait some more.It's a horrible atmosphere, and not one conducive to a pleasant dining experience.The dining space is poorly designed, so that the line of waiting patrons snakes directly though the middle of the cramped dining area.  Which means that when you are waiting, you are continually bumped by servers shuttling food to the tables and dirty dishes back to the kitchen.  When you are eating, you are likely to: 1) have a bunch of hungry people staring at you eat, waiting for you to leave your table, so that they may be seated; and/or 2) have a standing person's ass within a few inches of your head.  What a great dining atmosphere!What's all the more annoying is the lackadaisical work ethic of the people who prepare the crepes.  More than once during my wait, the man making the crepes just stood around, not making any food, waiting for another table to open, so a party's order could be taken, and he could then prepare the next order.  After waiting 15-20 minutes while hungry, becoming increasingly annoyed at being bumped at least 2 dozen times by serves traversing the line, and then seeing the owner stop making food until another order was taken, I said to myself, "enough of this nonsense".My party and I left to go to another restaurant.  I've not eaten any crepe in the world that would justify a long wait under such annoying circumstances, and I will not be back.
5	These are the best crepes I've had in Pittsburgh and several other big cities (D.C., Phila., Chicago).  The guy who makes the crepes is a true expert and watching him whip up dozens of crepes is so much fun! I get the egg and cheese crepe with added mushrooms and order with the garlic oil base.  They serve all of the savory crepes with a tiny side salad with mandarin orange slices.  Although it's small, its really a nice addition and the dressing is so good I dip my crepe in it.
4	There is not much to say about this place.  The crepes are wonderful.  The savory crepes are generally accompanied by a salad of sorts.  The quality is great, certainly comparable to anything else I have had in the United States, and pretty close to what I have had in Paris.  One limitation, I did go to a place in Key West of all places that used some sort of Buckwheat or whole wheat batter for their savory crepes that was really really great.  It would be great if Crepes Parisiennes could adapt that.  My only other issue is that the place is a tad pricey.
5	I'm no crepe connoisseur, but I did try quite a few places. I waited Yelping this place until I got a chance to try San Francisco's well-known crepe place. Whereas the SF place wins on their ambiance category, this Pittsburgh gem has a way better quality crepe. The taste here is by far more superior than any other places.  Be prepared to wait in line for half an hour+ on a weekend, but I can assure you that your patience will be well rewarded with a great plate of crepe - regardless of what kind you order!P.S. - BRING CASH. They do not accept credit cards.
5	The best place for breakfast in Shadyside, especially if you don't feel like being drowned in food at Pamela's. There might be a wait, and don't try to go with more than two others (really, make it a date), but it's so clean and nice and relaxing. The crepes are excellent, I always get the breakfast crepe (sausage and egg) with their soytang sauce, but the dessert crepes (chocolate and orange! banana!) are also delicious. The little salad of greens and orange slices that comes with the savory crepes is a great addition. Go here when you're feeling cosmopolitan.
4	Cash only. It's a bit pricey for crepes, but it's great to have the restaurant to fulfill crepe cravings :)
4	I must admit the crepes here are quite tasty, very reminiscent of ones I have had in France and I especially appreciate the fresh green salad that accompanies some.That said, their seating system is quite confusing upon the first visit.  They won't take your order unless there is an open table.  Makes sense, unless there are clueless people in front of you who had half their party sit at the last open table... gridlock.Anyhow, quite a lovely experience but I'm not sure it was enough to lure me back to the dark side, also known as Walnut st (or Shadyside in general), all too often.
4	There are two locations, one just off Walnut Street in Shadyside and one on Craig Street in north Oakland.  The hours are quite limited, but I like the French neighborhood cafe vibe. The crepes and coffee are really good, and they have a great selection of French tea.  The place is quite hectic, however.  As everyone said, wait in line to order, then get a table.  I have been in both locations many times, and it has never been a problem, though it does seem a bit weird at first.  As for the service, it seems that their attitude is to give any rudeness you give them right back.  Be polite, and they will treat you accordingly.
2	The crepes here are good. They are tasty and they have a variety. However, the crepes are extremely over price. So over price that I cannot afford a drink.Finally, the staff is extremely rude and LOVES to make loud examples of people not familiar with their system. I've chosen never to eat here again due to the staff.
4	I've been to Crepes Parisiennes twice now (Filbert St location). I had a fantastic meal there this morning.The biggest problems about the place are that it's cash only and it's quite small inside. I agree with others -- the seating system is pretty odd.  We had no wait getting a table for two this morning though. It's probably best to go in smaller groups. A larger group was ahead of us, and I think they were still waiting for a table even after we got our food (btw, we got our food VERY quickly).I HIGHLY recommend the savory crepes. They're simply fantastic -- very flavorful and just the right consistency. The salad and dressing that accompany the crepe are very tasty as well. I've also tried the sweet crepes -- they're also good, but for me, they don't compare to the savory ones.Bottom line for me: I prefer to go here with only one other person, and I plan to order a savory crepe every time I go back (with cash in-hand)!
4	This place is located in my favorite Walnut St.I just love walking in this place and enjoying the good vibes.And we came to this place for brunch and ordered veggie crepes.  The place was small and completely packed. And their service was slow,i blame it on the crowd. The crepe was like paper,but it totally dissolved in your mouth. The lightest brunch ever!  If you hate eating heavy meals,then this is the place for you.The place somehow reminded me of old European movies,with the old round tables and wooden chairs arranged very close to each other and to add a cherry to the cake, this was a house converted into a restaurant. I would love to go back here to try the Desert crepes :) -Smriti
4	Fantastic savory and sweet crepes.  The light and very tasty crepes are served with a small salad topped with mandarin oranges and a champagne vinaigrette.  I have tried the salmon with creme fraiche, ham and cheese with their soytang sauce and plain butter with sugar.  The place gets a bit crowded around noon and they have a pretty strict policy about ordering before you choose a seat.  Also, they only take cash (crepes run $7-9 plus $2 drinks).They may have some mildly unpleasant/unpopular 'rules' but I can honestly say I've never had a bad meal here and plan on returning.
5	Love Crepes Parisiennes
2	French crepes are not the easiest food item to prepare and I certainly wasn't expecting Cordon Bleu quality. That said, I found the crepes to be overly thick and the filling, while tasty, too skimpy and thus overpowered by the crepes wrap. But it was the attitude of the owner that turned me off the establishment. I was in Pittsburgh visiting a relative with terminal cancer at the nearby hospital ; she had requested a breakfast crepes so I found Cafe Parisiennes through Yelp. We were in a hurry because of limited visiting hours. The sign said the Cafe opened at 10:00AM, which was when we arrived. We could see staff inside and asked if we could come in. The owner very curtly informed us they were still closed and might be ready "in ten minutes" or so. After another ten minutes, we asked if we could wait inside because of the cold. Again the owner was brusque and not at all apologetic for being 20 minutes late opening - on a busy Saturday morning!! When I tried to engage him while giving my order, I found him to be taciturn and argumentative; it was clear his young staff were feeling very uncomfortable watching the exchange. This is not the kind of attitude for anyone in a service business and I would definitely not recommend this establishment to anyone.
1	Closed on Monday's? And closed 5/30 to 6/1? Wow. The prices on the menu don't seem that bad. But i still cant get over the fact there closed on Mondays. There is a sign posted "help wanted" so if anyone reads this and needs a job check this place out. And tell them to open on Mondays. BOOOOO, if they weren't closed I would have never found Square Cafe.
4	A very unique breakfast place with great crepes (and tons of different kinds), at really decent prices.  It vaguely reminds me of Cafe Du Monde in New Orleans, in that it's just crepes and a drink...there's nothing else on the menu (at the Cafe Du Monde, it's beignets and a drink).  Here are some other things I like about this place:- No disgraceful uniforms for employees, or anything resembling a uniform- No over-the-top "Frenchness" (it's Pittsburgh for Christsake)...with the obvious exception of a 3-4 foot Eiffel Tower- you can watch them cook the crepes while you wait, which is both entertaining and you can see how fresh everything is- the crepes are delicious, and cooked quickly and perfectly, with different oil/sauce choices What I didn't like was:- the regular coffee isn't brewed fresh (less than 30 minutes), I think because the staff was too busy.  Any serious coffee drinkers will know the results.- Its small, and can only hold 30 people according to the government.  You order first, then take your seat, which means you wait at the counter until someone gets up and leaves.  As a result, the staff does this thing where they pretend not to see you until a table opens up.  I understand, I do, but some courtesy, even phony courtesy, would be nice.- Its not unlike eating breakfast in someones basement.Still, those crepes are really damn good.  I'll go back soon.
4	We went here on Saturday morning.  To explain our devotion to this place, I should say that we drove down from Butler in order to get our crepes fix before our friend's early afternoon wedding.  You see, we used to go here every Friday after our first (and last) class of the day in college.  It was/is a mild obsession- a love affair of sorts.When we got here just before 10:00, we saw that it wasn't open yet.  It was slightly odd that we stood outside until 10:15 before they opened the door.  I think that instead of making customers wait, they should just open the restaurant later, but whatever.We walked downstairs and got in line at the register.  I was so happy to see that nothing had changed- I ordered the mixed veggie crepe with soytang sauce, and a nonfat cafe au lait.  They only accept cash, so come prepared.  I paid, took our number, and sat down.  The space is really small, so it does fill up, but it's perfectly cozy.  Our crepes were as good as ever, and including my coffee drink, my bill came in at just over $10.00.The owner is very friendly, and normally behind the crepe maker.  This is a great place to have brunch or dessert- they also have sweet crepes (Nutella and banana is my favorite)- so be sure to check it out. It's right off of Walnut Street, so you can easily stop in before or after an afternoon of shopping.
3	After walking by this place what felt like a million times, I was so excited to get to try this place.  I knew the weird quirks (long lines, no sitting until you have ordered, cash only, etc.) and yet was so excited to get in and try the food.  Unfortunately, however, despite the hype, the crepes just weren't great.  Don't get me wrong, they were good, but just good.  The plates and silverware were plastic, the servers were rude, and there was no such thing as atmosphere.  I could be convinced to go back and give it another try if a friend wanted to check it out, but I certainly wouldn't go out of my way to recommend it.... it wasn't that good.
4	I really do enjoy stopping by the walnut location every week or so.  The French Breakfast tea with a savory crepe and salad is a great way to start a weekend.  While there's a huge list of crepes made-to-order, they're also willing to make you anything you can think of, as long as they have the ingredients.  Plus, it's underground, which just completes the aesthetic of a french crepe shop, where you sit amongst the sacks of flour to eat your crepe.
2	Well, to start, crepes aren't a Parisian concept.  They are solely a Brittany thing!  Therefore, the fact that this chain of restaurants carries a name like Crepes Parisiennes is pretentious.  That aside, the crepes are okay, nothing special.  I've had much lighter (crepes here were a bit heavier than they should be) and more authentic crepes elsewhere.  The other thing I do not like about this place are their hours. They are closed by 4pm and on Mondays, and stop serving savory crepes at 3pm???
5	Love it, love it, love it. From sweet to savory, Crepes Parisiennes has what you want. I've hit them up for both breakfast and lunch and have left feeling like I've eaten an appropriate food for the time of day.I love their breakfast crepe. They lightly fry the exterior giving it a nice, crispy outside and stuff it full of sausage, sharp cheese and egg. I've heard people complain about the authenticity of the side salad but, come on, who cares? The crepes are authentic enough, the salad is an afterthought and is still delicious, authentic or not.Their sweet crepes are all balanced nicely. I've had their Gnutella crepe and their "french toast style" berry crepe. Both were delicious and came with a generous dollop of their homemade whipped cream.As if their crepes weren't enough, they also do a killer cafe au lait. It's served in an authentic French fashion, in a handleless bowl and comes with a generous circle of white, velvety foam. The beverage is a little on the hot side, which is usually a no-no when it comes to good coffee, but I let it slide because they still pack it full of flavor.This place gets packed on the weekends yet the service has always been impeccable. They even bring my dessert crepe out after my meal!
3	Absolutely delicious! Love the Icelandic smoked salmon crepe and the Nutella crepe. However, they are almost never open and the older gentleman (who I assume to be upper management) can be quite rude!I have been there a few times and have no problem with the younger servers at all, who have actually been extremely pleasant and friendly. My biggest complaint is the manager/owner who literally hung up on me not but five minutes ago!! Had it not been for him, I would have given it 4 stars.If you don't mind potentially rude service, I would recommend giving it a try. On the other hand, sometimes it's not worth it.
4	I love it here. It's so cute inside and so French. I honestly don't know how "French" it actually is because I've never been to France, but from what I imagine France to be like, it's French. The crepes, sweet or savory are delicious!! I think I prefer the sweet ones. Anything with nutella is so good. It's a good place to go for brunch with a friend. I can't wait to go when I get home again.The wait staff is really friendly and you can watch them make crepes too! It's cool how they do it. I give props because I tried making crepes before.. and it's really hard to get it nice and thin.I like how the seating works too because you order and then sit down.. but sometimes there's not enough seats so that's an issue, but the staff knows that and won't make your food until you have somewhere to sit so it's not like you're standing around with food and nowhere to sit.
5	Great place to have breakfast/lunch. The crepes are great and the coffee is just what you expect in an independent coffee house (excellent)! Each time I visit Pittsburgh I have to eat there at least once, I try to hit it twice.  Not only is the food great (not fried and fresh fruit is used when available) the atmosphere is very fun for all ages.Be sure to take a pocket full of quarters though, Pittsburgh has cash only parking meters. The meters on Craig St. are 1 hour max but, a quarter does buy you half an hour.
4	I absolutely love Paris and so was glad to see that there was a crepe place near me. I've been to both locations of Crepes Parisiennes though the other on Craig Street feels less comfortable and homey than Filbert Street. There are more props up in the Filbert Street and I'm not talking about the stacks of nutella that they have. I've had both their savory (comes with side salad) and sweet crepes - which are all delicious. Not exactly like what you would get in Paris at a food stand (sugar crepe wrapped in paper) but is enough to bring back nostalgia of my visit so I am a fan. The wait has never been terrible and the staff has been friendly. I believe they are cash only which is a bit of a bummer.
1	Pompous manager hung up on me twice (!) when I called to ask about wait times.  Have never boycotted a restaurant until now.  Mediocre crepes don't entitle that sort of bush league behavior!
4	You come here for the first time, you may think you're walking into some mystery basement.  You come here with a friend who's also never been here, they may think you're taking them somewhere scary.  Thankfully, neither of those are true!  As soon you walk in the door, you're comforted by the fact that it's just a cozy little basement restaurant!  Coming here at 2pm on a weekday, you'll also be joining the ladies who lunch, just fyi, this is Shadyside after all!  I actually got the idea to come later (after the lunch rush) because of the Yelp reviews.  Good thing I did because the ladies who lunch had taken every table except for one!Looking at the menu, the first thing that struck me was that this wasn't a lunch place!  Most of the crepes are of the sweeter persuasion.  Which is usually a-okay with me, but I was starving for some sustenance, so I needed to go with the savory.  I choose the veggie crepe, with mushrooms, spinach and tomatoes.  The crepe itself was nice and fluffy, with a good amount of veggies in the middle.  I thought it was the perfect amount and even came with a nice side salad, which included mandarin oranges.  Now I know a lot of you will say, why not just go for the sweet then, but I've gotta have my savory before I have my sweet.  I know, I'm a weirdo!  But, I had a little bit of my friends dark chocolate and banana crepe and it was just a delicious teaser to what will most certainly be my future dessert here!  Hot Tip:  Cash only!  Come on off peak times because it's tiny and you'll be hard pressed to find a seat during lunch hours or Saturday/Sunday brunch.
5	The food here is pretty awesome - simple, elegant (yep I think so) and with great flavor. The sweet crepes are really good, but I usually go there for brunch and although I can have a dessert for a meal, I know I shouldn't and I try to stop myself from doing so. Here at crepes, the savory crepes are so good that, the resistance isn't too difficult. If you are in a protein mood, the breakfast crepe (with sausage, egg and cheese) or the icelandic salmon crepe is a good idea. They are stuffed with the filling, so if you are a petite woman like me, the size is good enough for brunch or lunch. The chocolate-rasperry-whipped cream sweet crepes are out of this world, both white and dark chocolate. Oh, if you like coffee, their cafe au lait is AWESOME! The chocolat chaud (I learned to pronounce chaud today... I took Spanish in school, hello!) is great too. I am not huge on just chocolate, I need something else going on with it, but I like this chaud concoction. The service is pretty solid. I know it can get annoying waiting for a table, but I don't think the servers or management can do much about it. If the weather is bad, usually a good day to visit the Shadyside Crepes. Chances are you won't have a wait.
5	The crepes here are really lovely - well-portioned - and come with a classic side salad. The ambience here is unique - it feels like a well-furnished, cozy cave, rather than sitting in a Starbucks (which unfortunately is what the Craig Street location feels like!) It's very popular, but classy enough to bring a Sunday brunch date to. I used to come here EVERY single weekend my freshman year of college. I'm several years out of college but come back here fondly whenever I visit Pittsburgh. It's been almost ten years since I started going to this restaurant, and amazingly, the prices have only risen by a quarter (as in, 25 cents, not 25 percent) or so since I was a wee college freshman. Inexpensive with wonderful service - I only wish they had a place like this in Philadelphia!
4	Yum! I always go to the one on Craig and it never disappoints! If im looking for something savory, the smoked salmon is the way to go. For dessert I get the white chocolate with banana- SO delicious.The tart salad that comes with the savory crepes are light and fresh while the decadent sweet crepes are never a disappointment!Make sure to bring cash as it's cash only!
4	Truly one of my favorite breakfast spots in Pittsburgh.  The crepes are always cooked to perfection and the coffee is absolutely amazing.  Inconveniences include being cash only and being very, very tiny so getting a table might require some patience on a busy weekend morning......but it is totally worth the wait.  The sweet crepes are my favorite, but I'm just a sucker for anything that involves fruit and nutella.
2	The two stars are for the food only. Otherwise, negative stars would  be in effect. WHO on earth could possibly find this place worth returning to? What a completely miserable experience. The bitchy emo service obviously leaves something to be desired, then again so does the ENTIRE restaurant! Sure, melted cheese in a crepe is good. Know what else is good? ANY melted cheese from any breakfast place and Not having to endure this hell hole. I am just upset that I went there in the early part of my day and am now in a foul mood as a result. I have been in Pittsburgh a few weeks and this place is without rival the worst brunch I've ever had (PA or CA) So, the one positive thing about it IS.... it has made me appreciate every other sub par brunch I've had up until this point.  Absolutely will never return. EVEN THE Orange juice was bad. Are you kidding?
5	This place is great! The savory and sweet crepes are so good, it's worth the wait.  The side salad is also amazing. Service is okay but I'm not expecting a restaurant experience, just a place that serves excellent crepes and a seat to eat them at, which is exactly what I get.I recommend any of the crepes.
5	Amazing crepes!My wife and I love this place.  We often stop by and try different crepes, my favorite has to be the Russian blintz and her's is the Nutella and banana.  I highly recommend getting a Cafe Au-Lait with your crepe.  No complaints about this cozy little creperie.
4	I've never had a bad meal at this restaurant. The quality and consistency is excellent. The owner is the head chef, And will come to recognize you if you are a repeat customer. The ordering and seating routine is a little unusual. You stand in line and place an order and then get a number. Only then are you supposed to sit at a table. This does make sense since people cannot just sit at a table when there's a long line of people waiting to order. Just an FYI. The crapes are simple, but always good. I usually get the tomato and cheese and add an egg. The coffee is okay. I only wish they opened a little bit earlier.
4	Like the waiter and waitress there
5	So delicious and a great atmosphere. Friendly staff. I live a block away and just went to this place for the first time today. I will be back for some more savory crepes that's for sureI have a theory that I have never had a bad experience when I had to walk down stairs to get into a restaurant, bar, bookshop or breakfast joint. The charming feel of crepes  parisiennes tucked away from the rest of Shadyside proves my theory right once again.
4	Wait, how have I not reviewed Crepes Parisiennes?I first fell in love with crepes in my early teenage years, when a crepe shop opened up in my hometown of State College. Yes, the town that is best known for its love of football and binge drinking once had a restaurant that sold crepes that were practically transcendent, stuffed with anything you could imagine. Not surprisingly, it didn't last long, and my heart broke when it closed and I could only get my crepe fix on my yearly family vacations to Disney World.In my sophomore year of college, I studied abroad in Italy, and rediscovered my crepe obsession when I found them in a British-style pub. A trip to Paris for four days had me eating the simple street version each day for breakfast. And then I returned to State College, crepeless and sad. How excited was I when I moved to Pittsburgh and found Crepes Parisiennes? I don't even think I need to answer that question.These are GOOD crepes. Perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The topping list is unfortunately very limited. They don't have many veggies, they only have one type of cheese, and they don't have bacon for your breakfast crepe or strawberries for your dessert crepe. Still, you can't really go wrong with any of the combinations.I came back to State College and tried the new crepe shop in town, and it sucked. It made me realize that I totally take Crepes Parisiennes for granted. The food might be simple, but trust me when I say Pittsburgh is lucky to have it!
5	Boom! I love this place and I'm a 6'3" man with an appetite! Every time people want to go I think great crepes and Ill be hungry right after I eat but damn I am wrong with this place.   Breakfast crepe is my choice but they all look amazing. This place fills up fast so get in line order and grab a table. EAT!
5	Really delicious crepes! I come here all the time and I love it.  The woman behind the counter always remembers my usual order.Things to know before going: Cash only, order before sitting, and come during odd hours if you can.  It's a very busy establishment in a small location, but I normally go for late lunch on weekdays and have no problem at all getting a table right away or my food coming out quickly. I avoid Saturday mornings here.
4	Cash only. We love their Crepes. I don't like latta that much. It is good experience.
4	CP is a pretty chill spot in Shadyside.  It's located on a side street off Walnut.  The main business is in a basement which is sorta dark, kinda  cool.  You can see the chefs making the food in front of you.  Pretty neat overall.  Crepes galore.  We had the nutella with chocolate and the veggie crepe with eggs.  Both items were fantastic.  Since we weren't quite feeling the darky basementy vibe on an otherwise gorgeous spring day, we sat outside the restaurant on one of their tables, which was definitely a nice touch to the restaurant.  The service for the most part was good: I was kind of annoyed by how slow it takes to order and cook these dishes.  I noticed that there are only 2 stations to make the crepes.  They'd certainly benefit from an expansion.  Lines get long, wait time can be significant (prob had a 30-40 min lag from when we stepped into the building to when we finally got served), but it's worth it if you have the time.Cash only.  I'll probably be back.  Check it out.
4	Cash only. Cute place, good crepes, good coffee.
5	I made my second trip here with my family of 6. Everyone loved it and we went back for another round 3 days later. I was here 2 years previously and it was just as amazing. I had a breakfast and a desert crepe and was very satisfied with them. Place is very small but comfortable and pleasant, with an amazing staff.I will be back when I am in town.
4	You guys...oh no, but I think this place was bought out! I walked by and saw a sign about ANOTHER waffle place coming soon. Ugh.That being said, yeah, I love this place. I am such a fan of the salmon crepe with creme fraiche. God, so good. I can now say that having been to France, this place is pretty legit!My only complaint is that I don't really get very full eating here. And it's kind of pricey for not getting you full. But whatever! Delicious. I really hope it's not closed.
