4	Same as any other Chilis but the last time I went here the service was much more than I expected.  The place was busy but the staff seemed very friendly.  The server never let my cup reach the bottom.  When the steak I ordered came out she asked if I would cut it and see if it was the way I wanted it.  Such a simple request and yet it made me so happy.  Instead of running away and coming back in fifteen minutes to check on us, she stayed to make sure the food was perfect before walking away.  If more places were like this it would save a bunch of heartache and spit out food.
3	Was in the area for today and my business partner and I decided to have lunch here.  It has been a very long time since I've eaten at Chili's.Food - Since I was undecided on what to get, I chose the Triple Dipper, which allowed me to sample 3 appetizers.  I chose the Burger Bites, Honey-Chipotle Chicken, and the Boneless Wings.  The food was good, not great, but good.  I also had the Blackberry Iced Tea, which was good too....you don't need to sweeten it.Service - The service was very good.  We were seated fast and the people there were friendly.Will I return?  Sure, the price was right and the food was good.
3	Was in the area today and had lunch with a colleague here.  I ordered the 12 Piece Chicken Nachos.They were very good.  I thought the proportion of all of the toppings on each chip was perfect.  The portion was good, I wasn't too full and not left hungry.  The Salsa was too weak for my tastes and the Jalapenos weren't spicy at all.  If I could change two things it would be to offer a spicier Salsa option and offer a spicier Jalapeno option.Will I return?  Sure.
1	I been here at this location one time before and the service was so bad my wife did not want to eat any more. So we gave it another try because I live close by and did not want to drive far. We had the cajun chicken pasta it was like eating a TV dinner with bad service once again I will never go back
4	They have a variety of foods. Always nice to go out for Chili's if you don't know what your in the mood for.
4	You can never go wrong with Chili's. I had grilled salmon and shrimp (build your own combo) and it was great! Service was good too.
3	The food is never a disappointment and the staff are very friendly. The compliant that I have is that a lot of the staff didn't know english :/ I was bothered that they didn't understand what I asked for. It took me five times to ask for a coke. The seating isn't very comfortable and I had screaming kids behind me so it didn't make for a good visit.
1	This is my last resort. Lower that Friday's. Sorry Chili's but in my early college years you were my best friend, but now.... Meh....blah....yeah. My husband is a burger guy so he talked me into going after a trip to Costco. I thought I was safe with the new Avocado Burger. Apparently not. Shouldv'e stuck to the Chicken Crispers that got me through school before I learned to cook. First, the waitress didn't ask how I wanted the burger cooked so I guess "Tire" is the norm. Hard and overcooked, but hungry and not in the mood I scarfed it down. No flavor or sauce, very bland. Even the brownie sundae at the end couldn't cheer me up. It was UNDER cooked, as soon as I put my fork in it, i realized they forgot to cook it. The outside held up but inside was just batter. Ugh. Things I do for my husband.
3	Well I love the triple play and the Chicken fingers here. But I know the quality and service is low but it is good for chain restaurants.
2	Not really a big fan of Chili's. Their food lacks flavor, and it seems so hard to get a beer from the bar without having to stand there forever. the waitress was nice, but it took forever to get our food and bill. It wasnt the worst, but I guess I expected better.
5	So last week was my first time to any Chili's restaurant and it just so happened to be in Vegas. I was a little worried because of the reviews but gave them the benefit of the doubt and chanced it. Good service (became great after she received her big tip) and you can't go wrong with the food and prices. Husband and I took the 2 for $20 - choose an appetizer to share and an entree for each person. We thought because it was only $20 that portions were going to be smaller than if you were to purchase them separately but it wasn't the case at all. You can honestly get full on the appetizer. The Chili's near our home is always too crowded, week nights and all, because military personnel and their family go off base to have dinner there which is why we have never tried it before. We would definitely go back there again on our next vacation!
5	Went here for with some friends for husbands birthday, Happy Hour all days on Sundays....NEED I SAY MORE? We sat at a table in the bar area and had two 2 for $20 meals, incredible value for 4 people to eat more than we could handle with left overs for $40!  Waitress was fun and joked back with us, excellent time had by all.
4	I always enjoy this chilis ... The 2 for 20 bucks includes so many items. The chips and salsa are always a must and currently they offer a bottomless soup and salad special which their soups are always really good. The wait staff is always on top of their game so I love it there!!
3	There are some things I like, and some things I don't like.  But I'm basing my review on multiple visits.  Located in North Decatur and off the 215, Chili's isn't so hard to find.  Its basically right in the open and a few places that you'll see first, once you get off the 215 and North of Decatur.  The place is very well kept in a decent setting as well as the inside.  Whenever we went, it wasn't as busy nor crowded but it looks like it does get a lot of business.  But as far as the staff goes, some of them are nice, some of them seems to be a bit rude.  But I guess its just a matter of when you go and how busy it is.  There are times, when we sat down to eat that our waitress was on top of things.  That's what I like when it comes to good service.  But when I ordered from their To Go menu and went to pick it up.  There was some one behind the counter and I told her I'm here to pick up.  She went to the back and heard some guy yelling "there's a sign there that says go see the bartender."  I wasn't sure if he was yelling at me or the person who was behind the counter.  If they said it with out being rude or yelling it out, I would of understand.  Plus there was some one behind the counter as is, and thought it would of been easier to ask the person behind the counter.  Don't know why they have a place to pick up your "to go" orders, when they have a small sign, that says to go see the bartender in the restaurant.  If they have camera's in the "to go" room, and a window where the bartender can see you.  Obviously they can see that some one may be in there to pick up an order.  Otherwise, why have a "to go" room, if your going to direct me to the restaurant.  I think some of the staff can be a bit more polite and friendly.  Instead of yelling in the back saying there's a sign out there that says, go see the bartender, when there's some one already at the counter.The reason why I do like this place, is for the food.  I like their steaks, their fajita trio, crispers, shrimp and the list goes on.  Their food is really good.  I like the fact that their margaritas come in a big cup.  Unfortunately can't get a margarita to go.  But like the fact that you get more to drink, than those fancy looking glassware.  Overall, I would say its decent place to eat at.  If you go there to sit down and eat, you get one of the nice waiters/waitresses they have.  If you order "to go", unfortunately, my last visit wasn't really pleasant.  But be prepared to go see the bartender if the "to go" room is empty.
4	Great food... Good service...  The chicken tortilla soup is amazing, but just about everything on the menu is good.
5	I have been to maybe over 25 different Chili's locations all over CA and NV. From my experience, some of the locations have decent service and some have very poor service. Many of the locations that have poor service staff their restaurant with "hot chicks" who have bad attitudes, but their good looks seem to keep the customers coming. I have been to some locations where I had to wait 10 minutes for a host to even put my name on the list, and I have also been to some locations where I never saw my server one time after she took our orders. So, I was not expecting much when I came to this Chili's near Aliante Station. I've lived in Vegas long enough to know that even the 5-star restaurants have bad service due to 1/2 the people here being jaded and sick of being alive. Well, I was very shocked to see how great the service was here. The host, and servers had very good social skills, were very friendly, and had great work ethics. I don't think I had one problem here at all. Of course I left a giant tip.
2	The food is as standard as you can get with a chain restaurant. Service, however, is so-so.  Our waitress was friendly, however, from our booth, we could also hear the staff's conversations in the back kitchens.Unfortunately, a guest had complications on the night we ate here and they had to call an ambulance. We found it odd for some of the staff to be insensitive that a guest needed an ambulance.Overall, the food itself is consistent. The staff experience will keep us away for another 6 months until we come back to this place again.
4	I purchased the honey chipotle chicken and it was very good and well done. My dining experience was decent, the appetizer (chips and dip) took a while to be delivered, but everything else was just fine.
4	What can I say? Im a fan. Love just about everything about them. From their 20 dollar appetizer/2 entree/dessert deal to unlimited chips and salsa, their food choices are pretty good. Easy access off the 215. Minus 1 star because of one bad experience. It was just me and my wife for dinner one friday night. We were greeted right away and was seated. We were sat next to group of about 12 teenagers. Apparently our server was also the big group's server. By the time our server got to us about 15 minutes had gone by. She apologized to us for the delay. (which was appreciated). The thing that bothered me was that either our server knew the teenagers or she was gonna get a big tip from them. It seemed that for every 5 times she helped them, she would ask us if we were ok. Never mind what food we ordered or how it tasted, I was really thirsty that night and by the time I got my first refill, she was already bringing us the check. It just seemed like she didnt care if we were there or not. Now I could have easily given 2 or 1 star but since this was a server we never had, I am giving the restaurant the benefit of the doubt. We have always experienced good service until that night.
5	I've been to this location a couple of times and they are always on the ball whether it be lunch or supper.  We were crunched for time as my husband had to go to work.  They brought out our supper and appetizer quickly.  Try the cajun chicken pasta.  Absolutely one of my favorites...along with the southwest eggrolls.
3	I like this Chili's! It's close to home and they make some really good cheese burgers. Margarita's aren't bad either. The downfall here is the staff can be a slow at times and the location is a little small so it gets packed really fast. They could also use a better beer selection.
4	This Chilis in my opinion is the best one in the valley. The food is always good and the service is attentive. I do prefer sitting in the dining room over the bar with a family. The servers get to busy in the bar but that is expected. Been to Chilis 100's of times and I will continue to go to this one.
1	I did not enjoy the food at this Chili's.  It was far to spicy for my individual taste.  To make matters worse, I watched an employee sweep the floor and under the table of the booth across from where I ws eating.  He then proceeded to sweep the cushions of the booth with the same broom he had just finished sweeping the filthy floor with!  It was one of the NASTIEST things i have ever witnessed in a dining establishment!  It ruined by appitite and I was not able to take another bite of the already awful food. I told the employee what he just did was not sanitary and that if he must do that type of "cleaning", it should not be done in the view of customers.  He said "I can wipe it down if you want".  Wrong reply!  It never should have happened!  I also told my server and he in turn told the manager.  The manager came to my table and just said "what's going on?"  He did not introduce himself or state his position.  I had to ask if he was the manager.  I told him what I saw his employee do but he did not seem apologetic whatsoever.  I got up to leave and told him I would never return to his restaurant.  Makes me wonder what other unsanitary things are going on in this Chili's.
5	woot! woot! I love the drinks here :)
4	In the mood for some chili and parked in front of, guess what?, Chili's.  Been feeling under the weather lately and a good cup of chili should do.  Might as well get chili at a place named Chili's.I wanted to minimize how many people I got sick, so I opted to enter through their To-Go entrance. Plus, I'm getting my food to go. Makes perfect sense.  The problem with their To-Go area is that no one was there to take my order.  So, I sat and sat and sat.  While I waited, I could hear a bunch of their servers giggling from the kitchen.  I must have had my invisible cloak on today.  After about 5 minutes of zero service, which felt like an hour, I decided to make my presences known.  The best way to do this is enter their kitchen.  So, I did.  That immediately got the chatter to stop and my order taken.  Finally!!! Pretty sure they can tell I was irritated because the guy taking my order seemed to go above and beyond with great customer service. Good save Chili's  I ended up getting the Enchilada Chicken Tortilla Soup and Sliders w/extra Onion Strings.  I know I originally came in for their chili, but remembered how good their Enchilada Tortilla Soup was. I only ordered the sliders because I haven't got any protein since the day prior.  Got my order in less than 15 minutes, took it home, and within 30 minutes was a happy man.  Love their Tortilla Soup!!!Been to this Chili's 2 other times, but just for appetizers and drinks.  Service didn't start out good today, but ended great.  Again, good save and I plan on coming back. NOTE:  Food to go always seems smaller than when you eat it there.  Just a thought for the next time I order To-Go.  Just means I need to order more.
3	It's just like every other Chili's. Nothing special but I have NOTHING to complain about. I wouldn't tell anyone they HAVE to go here because who seriously hasn't been to a Chili's before. We always get the 2 for $20.
4	They messed up our order, but the way they handled it was nothing short of amazing.  We eat here all the time. Pretty good food, good price, great service. Ask for the food allergy menu. It is rather inclusive.Great customer service.My kids and I have food allergies, and they are always super nice about it and very very understanding.  They also know us when we call for takeout.  XD
5	I come here so often, and over-all, they always take great care of us.They are very good about making sure our food is allergen free, and believe me when I say that's no easy task.The take-out staff gets to know us rather well and double checks all of our meals before we even show up to make sure that everything was done properly for our food allergy needs.They know me when I walk through the door.  I'm bummed when there's a staff change, because I've come to see them as friends who watch out for my family, but there's always someone new who looks to take care of us and give us some quick, tasty and safe grub for dinner.They also have military discounts!  :)
2	Order the Steak+Grill shrimp combination plate.Server was pleasant.Food was meh.Steak was borderline rare. Requested Medium.Slight burnt on the outside...but borderline rare on the inside? How is that even possible.French Fries soggy...not crisp.Shrimp was acceptablePresentation:Acceptable. I've had better at other Chili;s Restaurant.Would I return? Probably not this particular restaurant
3	It seems like they are always very busy here when we show up.  Typical Chilis, food is alright, service could be faster but it's standard for a big chain.
1	Quite possibly the worst dinning experience I have ever had.  All of my fabulous memories from my childhood while at Chilis were washed away by this last trip there. Ok I am going to a Chilis I am not expecting world class cuisine or service but man was this a joke. It was busy but it took about 45 mins to 1 hour to get our food...our waitress felt bad so we got freee chips! Food was Chilis quality.. mediocre at best, it ain't no Applebess I'll tell yea that. Also when we got our food the chicken was under cooked and they gave it to us for free. Out early dinner turned into a late dinner. Reminder that Applebess always trumps Chilis.
1	I had the worst experience here.  Apparently chile's does not understand the purpose of menus. They do not list ANY prices on their drink menu. Even more infuriating, when I asked if it was happy hour, I was told it was and that drinks were all $1.50 to $2.00 off. Unfortunately I still had no idea what the prices were. The waitress has apparently heard this complaint before but instead of referencing a price for premium vs house or domestic vs import I was told this was "corporate's" policy and that I was welcome to fill out the survey form after my meal. Well Chili's corporate, I decline your invitation to fill out paperwork. I simply did not order anything and will not be coming back to Chili's ever. I hope u get this feedback.  -1 customer for life!
3	Place is starting to go downhill. Lots of new servers now and they seem to all be learning how to wait tables, so they aren't that good.  Orders get messed up more often and the food isn't as good as it used to be.  Same goes for takeout. The place just isn't what it used to be.  We won't be back for awhile, which is a shame, because we used to be regulars!
1	Went here tonight and had either glass or plastic in my food. They took down my name and number incase I needed to visit the hospital and gave us our meal free. I'm still upset about the carelessness the cooks had to allow that to happen.
1	Buyer beware of the new interactive table video thing-ama-jigs(They are like interactive screens that your kids can mess with while they eat). The waiter saw I had three kids and brought three of them over to our table, but he failed to explain that we would be charged for the use of them. IT is probably an oversight, but it is definitely something management should be training their staff to make sure the customers know they will be charged for using them.
5	We go here all the time. Service is great. Sometimes real busy and usually noisey but thats fine with us. We love coming here 4 our date nights and just recently my husband takes our daughter to daddy daughter night which is so nice. Love all their coupons for free queso or free dessert. The reg. Chocolate molten cake is so good sometimes we drive here just to order it to go.
3	Came here for lunch! The food was ok, nothing special! Tasted like every other chillis I have been too! The decor on the other hand was nicer than most chillis! Our waitress did not seem too sure about what she was doing! Not bad if you need something quick to eat!
2	I love Chili's & our server, Diane was great (5 stars for her!!!) But thanks to the rude hostess, she made the rating 2 stars. I think it's rude to turn your back to customers when you see them walk in! She might as well have said GET LOST. Whatever she was "doodling" could have waited. I don't think I'll return to this location.
3	Ate here tonight with my family. It wouldn't hurt the hostesses to learn how to smile now and then.The food was good and our waiter was polite and friendly.Everything was a bit slow tonight. Wait time for a seat was about 20 minutes. Fortunately the time spent waiting for our food passed quickly as we spent the time catching up with the family we hadn't seen in awhile.
1	The place was very dirty, we sat looking at a table full of dirty dishes the entire time we were there. A girl was sweeping or what should have been sweeping however she was missing everything.  Stuff all over the floor. My wife ordered the fajitas and they waited ten minutes to come and tell her they were out of beef. I also have a problem with them charging for "table entertainment" for the use of the tablet at the table, no where does it say you will be charged for its use. That should be illegal!
1	Showed up at 1:00 on a Wednesday afternoon and had a 30 min wait to be seated.  Was finally seated at a half cleaned table.  We asked for a kids menu and they said they were out and our kid needed order off the adult menu.  I ordered coffee and they said their machine was broken and they didn't plan on it being fixed soon.   My wife ordered fajitas and he said it would be at least a 25 min wait on them because the kitchen was behind.  Our server never brought our daughters lemonade and when we got the check and brought it up he said "I was wondering where that lemonade went that I made earlier and forgot to bring out".  Our drinks remained empty most of the meal and he never refilled our bottomless chips and salsa.  While eating our meal another  waitress walked by mumbling "stupid people" loins under breath as she grabbed a high chair for a couple with a infant. The table behind us was covered in dishes for most of our meal.  It would of been better if our waiter was apologetic but he was arrogant and unpleasant.
4	Although the food was good and the service was great be aware of those little computers they put on your table. My friend started playing one of the games and he did not realize it was going to charge him $.99. They did take it off the bill but how about a little warning before you charge someone to play games on the thing you put on the table?
5	Ome of my all time fav spots!! For some reason this thing is not lettong me add pictures...but that wo t stop me. So to start we ordered the southwest egg rolls which were amazing with the guac ranch dip. For my entree I had the Trio fajiyas(chicken steak amd shrimp) since i couldnt decide which one.. the combo of veggirs and sauce was great. For dessert chocolate melted cake. NEED I SAY MORE! they also have these cool tablets on each table in which u can reorder drinks or food...you can also play games and pay your check!!
1	We sat at the bar, and our experience didn't exactly start off well. My menu was very sticky, and there was trash and leftover food all around the bar from previous diners. I asked for a drink menu, and I was told I had to use the tablet. I told the bartender that I would prefer not to use it, because everything looked dirty. He rolled his eyes at me and huffed and puffed as he started cleaning the bar area. So I waited 10 minutes until he came back to again take our drink order. I ordered and the bartender insulted my selection. I was tempted to leave then and there, but we stayed. The food was good, and the portions are decent. Prices are adorable. The only thing that would keep me from going back was the lack of cleanliness. I would always recommend Chili's to anyone, because I love their food menu! However, this one I would pass on.
1	So overall my visit was okay at best. My waitress was friendly, she was good on refilling drinks. Now I don't know who to really blame for the slow service on everything else. My waitress to start got my order wrong. I ordered steak quesadilla received chicken. Normally I wouldn't make a fuss but when your craving one thing something else just won't cut it. Especially since I'm paying $10 for quesadilla come on I don't think it's that hard. Needless to say I had to wait a ridiculous amount of time for them to correct my order. And since they took so long my kids finished their meals before I even got mine. My husband waited for me so by the time I got my food his was cold. so then the waitress brings the check and goes oh did he come by? I'm like no no one came by. And she goes oh well he took the order off. Okay cool. I look at the check no they did not. They took off the chicken quesadilla order and did nothing to compensate messing up my order and taking forever to receive my food. Then we go to pay using their machine and it tried to add a 20% tip. Ummm no sorry I changed that to 0%. Sorry but she could of accommodated us more for her mistake. Also beware of those machine if you have kids at the table. They charge for games and don't even tell you  it will cost you money.
4	I've been constantly pleased with each experience I've had at this Chili's. Wait times are never too long and service has always been good. I love the variety that the menu has... There's always something for everyone. They're starting to improve their beer list as well.
3	i know its a fast food chain restaurant, but normally the food is pretty decent but when i went to this one, service was very slow and the food was so so. I do not think i will be coming back here again.
3	I come here often with co-workers as it is right down the street from out office... so it is an easy location to get to.  I am part of the Chili's email club which usually gives us a free appetizer. And it is quite easy to use, not coupon to print, you can use a QR code provided in the email. The service is a usually pretty good, and the food is a chain restaurant, so it is pretty predictable as to what you are getting. Overall, this is a very convenient, clean, and friendly location!
3	Now, I'm all for the second amendment,but at this moment there is a guy throwing back the beer while open carrying a firearm.im glad chilis supports the second amendment,but serving booze to someone open carrying a firearm is stupid on both parties sides.
3	It's your basic Chili's.  We came during happy hour and had some good food and cold beer.
2	First time at this location. Very busy and the hostess said she'd seat us in the bar area when a table was clean. So we waited for 10 minutes then another couple came in and took the table right away...  I asked what the deal was and they said open seating..this should have been the first red flag.  They have that poor hostess seating everyone taking names and cleaning tables, yes they have the hostess cleaning the damn tables talk about over worked. Eventually we sat down and the waitress who was also the bartender was very polite. I felt bad as the bar was full and so were all the booths and she seemed to be the one taking orders and drinks to everyone. This chilis is either on a skeleton crew for profits or they had a bunch of call outs. The food was...well McDonald's has higher quality fries. The burger was alright, cooked perfect but bread was terrible. Appetizer Texas fries..too much cheese and the fries were dry and somewhat tough.  Overall I will never visit this location and probably never see the inside of another chilis with my wife again but not because of the crew. Get these ladies and gents some help, they did a great job but with the low quality food, there are numerous alternatives nearby that are similarly priced.
2	I had a horrid experience, 100% accredited to our server, Tara.I went to eat at 12pm today for lunch with some coworkers. We actually frequent this restaurant. We were greeted by the hostess and immediately sat. However, we waited well over 15 mins for our server to greet us. Only by request did she make her initial appearance.When she finally came over, she was short, curt, and her demeanor stated she hated her job. No apology by her or a manager was offered for her late arrival. She ordered our food and brought it out promptly, but no check back to see if "things were ok." She dropped the checks and snatched them from my hand as I paid. Perhaps because I was so irritated that this may be an exaggeration but I'll stick with that.Overall, for me, the food is the "finisher" on my "great experience" at any restaurant. The server is the one that MAKES IT. For me, Tara was an absolute nightmare. Maybe she had a bad day, maybe there are issues going on, or maybe she just sucks. Regardless, she ruined our experience and if I had time to speak to a manager I would have but we were already running late to return for work.So in short, don't get Tara as your server.
3	I love Chili's,  but this location is odd.  Great bartenders, but food is so-so.  Recommend the guacamole!  Table service is just okay.  Kind of disappointed:/
2	I really don't like to review chains people I think people generally know what to expect but for this Chili's, I will make an exception.I went in with a few girlfriends on a Sunday afternoon. We were seated immediately and introduced to our server. 10 minutes pass, and she finally stops by to take our drink and appetizer orders. 15 minutes later (after asking two people) our drinks arrive, just a minute after our queso appetizer. Throughout our dinner we received very little service, and it wasn't busy.The food was good, not great, but definitely good for a chain. I wouldn't recommend the queso, which is more of a chili than a cheese. It had a weird texture too. I'll try this location again.. hopefully it was just an off day or a new hire.
2	Well it amazes me that a fully stocked bar will not have mint for Mojito's.  Then they  rought soup  out without  any  crackers  or at least a bread  for dipping. All in all, t.i.o.l.i... (take it or leave it).Well maybe I was to fast to post. Well we ordered a soup and salad for one guest and a rib eye steak dinner for the other. The Salad sucked had rotten wilted salad mixed in. Pathetic. Soup was excellent. The steak plate although was acceptable. Cane with surprises of its own. The plate came with food caked along the rim from other plates. So much so i had to wipe the plate iff before getting next to it so it would not get all over my clothes before I ate it.So you know me. I spoke to the Manager.  Since having 30 years in the business it was my duty to bring it to his attention.  Another one to cross off my list I  am thinking.
