4	Overall, a solid place. We were one of the first people in the door. The venue has beautiful high ceilings and smart decor. I particularly like the giant shelves behind the bar. The waitstaff were attentive and friendly. I wish I had gotten the name of our nice server. She was knowledgeable and had good suggestions without being too pushy. We started with the charcuterie plate. It was well flavored country style meats accompanied with delicious homemade pickles and a great ground mustard. The best of the three would be the duck terrine. I was surprised at how good the head cheese was.For cocktails, we had 4: Marquez Collins, The Manhattan, The B___ (gah! Why can't I remember the name! It was an aperol white whiskey cocktail), and their seasonal punch. The drinks were overall good, but could use some work on balance. Considering the price and the reputation, I was expecting a higher level of attention to detail and execution. For instance, the collins had a hole-y ice which quickly watered it down and ruined the balance of the drink. The punch though was a surprisingly good flavorful drink, not overly sweet. Also, the garnishes could be cleaned up. The ends of the orange garnish on the B_ cocktail could have been cleaned up. As for the food, we had the pulled pork mac n' cheese and the fish fry special. The fish on the fry was very high quality and cooked perfectly. The batter was very delicate and fit the fish nicely. The tartar sauce was just fantastic. My partner, though, thought that the slaw was slightly under seasoned.The pulled pork mac n' cheese was great order. While the pork was perhaps a bit too sweetly barbeque, the dish was really tasty. Our server also brought us the snack mix while we were waiting between orders. I highly recommend the fantastic wild rice puffs in it. However, there was some kind of 'stick' cracker that was so overly greasy that we just could not eat it.We ended the meal with their snowcones. So cute! It was perfect end!To sum, we will certainly come back again, but I hope that some of the details that hold this place back from a full 5 stars will be corrected by that time. It's a welcome addition to Madison, a place I'll return to with friends to have a few drinks and some light fare, but for the price it should try to rein in some of the unbalanced parts of the night.
4	Cheese Curds are incredible, Service is great, collard greens were delish and the ambiance was open and fresh. Biscuits were dry and Mac'n'cheese was ok (a little too 'American Cheese' tasting).
5	We are generally big fans of all Tori, Traci  & crew's ventures. We stopped by for dinner on Saturday night of opening weekend and enjoyed our meal at the bar. We tried several drinks and really liked what we had including the Rhum Fire and Seasonal Punch.  For dinner we had shared the beet salad, mac & cheese with pulled pork and the croque madame sandwich and all were very good - but I think the croque madame stole the show... And we split a piece of the banana cream pie for dessert .Another person at the bar shared a sample his fried cheese curds with us and they were exactly what you'd expect fried (local) cheese curds from the L'Etoile crew to be - heavenly.The space is lovely, light and modern without being pretentious. It's amazing they pulled it all together (seemingly) so fast!The only issues we noticed were (1) the menu layout was a bit hard to follow; (2) there seemed to be a sunshade (or two) missing from the side windows (but it appeared they were well-aware of this problem); and (3) no purse hooks under the bar (while not a necessity, certainly an added bonus). We plan to be back, hopefully often!
4	Beautiful space. The seasonal punch I had was made with raspberry and pear puree, raspberry-infused vodka, and almond-infused something-else. Delish! My friend and I shared the pork buns, beet salad, and moules frites. The pork buns left the strongest impression with me, because they had nice pieces of fatty pork belly. Yum! Not your typical pork pot-sticker-style buns. The beet salad was fine (pretty standard), the mussels were in a yummy broth, and the fries came with a nice mayo-aoli-kinda dipping sauce, though the fries themselves weren't the best I've had.
4	Ambiance = 5 starsFood = 4.5 starsService = 2.5 starsThe space is awesome - it feels like you are in New York or Chicago.  It is modern, yet very comfortable.  It has a modern farmhouse feel.  The food was really quite good.  My wife and I shared several dishes including the beet salad, mac and cheese with pulled pork, cheese curds, and the Graze burger.  For dessert, we split a piece of hickory nut pie - outstanding!  It was all very, very good.  I also enjoyed their beer selection.  The only downside was the service.  It was really SLOW.  We were there at 6:00p on a Tuesday - not exactly prime time.  We tried to be understanding as we were there on their 5th night of being open.  I hope they get the bugs worked out soon - we can't wait to go back!
4	Love this place...just extremely small portions of food
4	I had brunch at Graze, and it was disappointing, closer to 3.5 than 4 stars on my scale. But I trust the L'Etoile team enough to give them another shot, probably for dinner, a menu that looks more interesting.I had the pub burger, which was quite good but not great, while the fries were a little salty for my taste, but the aioli was a very good complement. Also tried a bit of a co-eater's ramen noodles with pork, which was better with some hot pepper sauce, but not special either.In terms of atmosphere, the place is very nice and open, and it was a great setting for a summer morning by the farmers market.
2	Sadly, I'm giving Graze 2-stars because of the abysmal service we experienced today. We swung by around 1:30 for brunch, and waited at the bar for about 20 minutes. The bartenders need training in hospitality and customer service. It is inexcusable to be treated the way we were treated today. I would welcome giving the restaurant manager specific feedback if you care to respond to this with an email. Once we were seated, at least our table server had a personality and was very nice. However, she was not able to serve us consistently or quickly. I really expected more from the L'Etoile team. Very disappointed. At least the food was good, but aggravation of (1) being completely disregarded by the bartenders then (2) having to wait and ask and wait and ask some more when we got seated deflated the experience.
4	I've visited Graze a few times since it opened and enjoyed everything! I'm a vegetarian and I agree that there should be at least one additional meatless sandwich and/or entree. We've loved the popcorn, the bread basket, the deviled eggs, both the wedge and beet salads, and the sundae. Those all make a perfect, comforting meal in my mind! Go in with a plan to actually graze rather than stuff yourself and expect to pay slightly less than you would at L'etoile, you'll leave happy.
4	I had dinner last night at Graze.  As other reviewers have mentioned, the look was absolutely nothing like I had expected. Do not think Gastro-pub when you go there and you will have a much better experience. It is more like the upscale, urban restaurants of San Francisco, not cozy or pub-ish at all. After I got past my initial surprise, I was extremely pleased with the rest of our experience there. The wine list was good, although I think a few more California wines would be appropriate for this type of place and the entire menu was definitely short enough to digest easily (I hate restaurants with long menus). We had the pretzel which was very good although not all that 'unique', a very nice salad (albeit slightly saltier than necessary), and a pulled pork dish. The pulled pork was definitely the highlight. They had pork done 4 ways and the mac and cheese. Yum! We also got the hickory nut pie. Delicious and very cozy food.  The view is fantastic, and the decor is nice and very urban. The window to the kitchen is a nice touch, although mostly you can only see an elevator. Would be better if you got a better view of the chefs. It is quite loud, so if this bothers you, I would suggest sitting outside. As expected, the service was impeccible.Overall, I will definitely come here again. I imagine that it will continue to improve as they get their stride.
4	I think this is the perfect dinner place for Madison: [local, sustainable] meat -heavy menu, ample portions, but a elegant and modern sophistication in presentation of the food and the ambiance.The Bahn Mi Sandwich was rich with good textures in the pate and meat and fresh tasting veggies (except that it was the main source of inspiration for the nightmare I had about the chicken liver pate in a severed dog's head....but i digress). Good for a date or to come with friends.All in all I spent under $20 (including tip and a local microbrew).  So, I am definitely going to come back and try one of their other delicious dishes in a couple of weeks!
4	OK.  This seems to be place of the moment for the critical review.  Had lunch earlier this week with attorney friend.  Reuben and Bahn Mi.  Just fine.  Frites and aoli were nice on the side.  Sat outside and had to ask for missing items from our otherwise attentive server.  When we arrived and went inside,  a server ordered us to stand by the host station to wait for a table.  Neither of us are used to be ordered around so we  had a smirk on that.  No dessert except cookies (huh?)Cruised by last night (Saturday) at about 6:30 and saw outside tables were open.  Parked our truck on the Square right across the street under threatening tow away signs.  Inside was fairly busy and we wanted to sit outside so there we went right-a-way.  Instructed the server on a double Grey Goose on the rocks with a splash of home made raspberry lemonade.  #1 always sweetie ordered a Sidecar which seemed to perplex the server.  Both were perfectly executed and server said she got a taste of the Sidecar.  By happy coincidence, two of our best carousing compadres walked in and joined us.  This required five chairs at the table as my honey had to put her injured leg up.  No problem.Server did not tell us about specials until asked.  We had the onion rings and some BBQ chicken wings to start.  Cleaned up on those.  We had one mussels and frites, two Graze burgers (the $20 versions) and one halibut special.  Mussels were great.  My buddy and I agreed the burgers were of excellent quality and perfectly cooked at rare-medium rare.  We also agreed they were a bit bland, needing something more than the onion mix on top, some crusting of the meat or, we said, even some salt would have helped.  The halibut looked kind of like a lemon bar square.  We got a "fine" from other buddy eating it, but nothing more for enthusiasm.  We had separate places to go and rolled out about 8:30 or so.  Inside was rockin' and outside full though the mosquitoes were swarming by then.In the interest of full disclosure, we had four cocktails, five glasses of wine, I believe, the two starters and the four entrees.  No dessert or coffee.  Our bill was $180 and being the good and experienced diners we are, we left $40 for our fun server (even with the lapse on the specials) and she told us to come back anytime we want.  Yup $220 for two hours.  That would have been dinner for four at L'Etoile in the old days.  But it ain't the old days anymore.  I don't have a bitch about prices or the quantity of the food as others seem to have.  I would say you get what you pay for Graze.  If you don't want to pay like this, don't go.They lost a star for some lapses in service and they need something to work towards overall.  Also, you can't order a couple of self-important attorneys around without consequences.  (Not sure about that lemon square halibut either.) Truck was right where we left it when we returned to it after dinner.
3	Note: I'm only writing this from a brunch perspective, where I was not overly impressed.I like the space; they do a nice job with the open air atmosphere. I was waiting for a restaurant to open in that building. It's definitely not trying too hard like Cooper's does.I loved the items on the brunch menu, as it has cheese curds and oysters on it. Speaking of oysters - theirs were fresh, which puts them in my "Madison oyster circle of trust." The corned beef hash could have been good, was it not doused with a 1/4 cup of extra oil. The beignets were good.Some good beers, and the bar seemed like it would be a good place to drink. Not impressed with their bloody marys - this is 2010, who puts half a cup of horseradish in these anymore? I feel like the dinner prices are a little steep.
3	Overall: it doesn't taste as good as the food or the place looks.1. The space and the environment are gorgeous, from the lighting to the windows and bar. It's a very fun and pleasing place to be.2. The bar has an interesting cocktail selecting and solid microbrews for decent prices.3. The food is simply okay, here's a breakdown:-Appetizers: The pork buns were tasty. The cheese curds were good, but still behind the Old Fashioned's and weren't as hot as they should've been.-Entree: I ordered the "Pork^3" which came with pulled pork, short ribs, sausage, and Mac & Cheese. The Mac and Cheese and the ribs were tasty, though one set of ribs was a bit burned. The pulled pork was relatively flavorless. The sausage had no flavor and was cold.Overall, I expected more, but I'll give them another shot.4. Our waitress paid marginal attention to us.
3	I really want to love this place. Beautiful space, nice drink selection, local ingredients, weird mix of somewhat pretentious but still comfort food.I'd recommend the pork buns - even though I think they're totally pretentious, they were good. The cheese curds were ok too. Not greasy and pretty heavy on the batter. I had the fried chicken and waffles - first time having this. Fried chicken was really crispy, of which I'm personally just not a fan.I'd recommend going for drinks and enjoying the place.Service: Meh. Our waitress wasn't great but not terrible either. Could just have been a busy night.Environment: Great space. Nice bar. Lots of outdoor seating. Beautiful view of the Capitol. Is that enough gushing?
5	This was my first time at Graze. I thought the atmosphere was awesome. The service was great and the food was phenomenal. I had the Graze burger and it was delicious. We had a well recommended bottle of wine and finished the night with the bourbon pecan pie. I would highly recommend this restaurant for anyone looking for a great place to eat with good service and a great view.
5	Chicken. Waffles. Biscuits. Macaroni and cheese. Onion rings.Eat here.
5	I'm from Chicago and on our way back from a weekend trip to Wisconsin, my husband convinced me to stop for brunch in Madison.  A friend of a friend of someone is involved with this place somehow so we decided to stop in and I am so glad we did.We were seated right away and the vibe of this place is so cool.  No offense but I did not feel like I was in Wisconsin at all, it felt like a downtown Chicago restaurant.  Very modern and even though it was kind of rainy outside, the huge window were great.  The bar is very cool looking and everything was really sophisticated.I ordered a Bloody Mary and it was like a farmers market just dumped a sample into my glass, it was overwhelming, in a good way of course.My husband got the chicken fried steak and I got the fried chicken and waffles.  Nothing like a healthy, light brunch to get you going.  I never understood the appeal of chicken and waffles but let me tell you now, I get it.  The skin on the chicken had cinnamon and some other stuff in there that just went so freaking perfectly with the waffles and the cinnamon or something or other butter.  Wow, it was good.  I'm very much a fan and would absolutely love to come back to try dinner at this place.
3	Along with several other reviews, I found Graze to be fairly nice but not quite living up to the hype.  The space is beautiful but some of the seating is really awkward.  The service was a bit odd, but it seemed like maybe our server was new. She kept serially apologizing although she'd done nothing at all wrong. The biggest "meh" was the food, though. I had the Farmer Jon sandwich, which was fine, but despite an unusual mix of ingredients, really quite bland. The pesto mayo was more "memory of pesto" mayo.  I was disappointed that there wasn't something more interesting available for a side than salad or fries. The fries were extremely over done and smelled and tasted of fish.  Thankfully, it was at least a high-quality fishiness vs. some greasy cod fish-fry place when they have dirty oil, but still unappealing.In short, it was perfectly nice, but not as cutting edge or as fabulous as I was hoping.  I'd go back, though, and hope this time they had fresher oil.
3	Great atmosphere but as a vegetarian (not vegan) it's a horrible place for dinner. Its easy for me to make do at most restaurants but this place doesn't even have enough options. If you feel like snacking over a drink then go but you will starve for dinner.
4	Whether dining from breakfast, brunch, lunch, dinner, or a late night meal, Graze offers a spectacular dining experience. Much akin to its more sophisticated sister restaurant, L'Etoile, Graze serves a menu based on local foods. The dairy products offered from the Sassy Cow Creamery are particularly great, I would certainly recommend the fried cheese curds. The dessert menu changes regularly, and you'll certainly be able to find a pie that suits your fancy.For those that remember Cafe Soleil, the same croissants are offered every morning at Graze, including their exquisite pain au chocolate. In addition, a full breakfast menu is available to tantalize your taste buds.The atmosphere is a bit more casual than L'Etoile, though offers the same fantastic view of the capital square. While they do not accept reservations, seating has not been an issue for the multiple times that I've enjoyed a meal at Graze.
2	Just ok. This whole place seems somewhat contrived. The brunch menu is disparate and lackluster. The atmosphere feels a little too modern / cold for my taste.First try:  we stopped for light dessert soon after they opened.  I wasn't a fan of the flavor used in the snowcone but maybe that's just me and hey, it's a snowcone.  The chocolate chip cookie on the other hand was extremely salty.  I understand that some people like it like that but I would have appreciated it if the menu had better described their cookie concept.Second try:  brunch.  We tried the beet salad, nutella French toast and cheese board. All were decent, but the portions were small leaving us unsatisfied... particularly the cheese board. The service has been friendly and we appreciate the efforts to source food locally.
5	I think people misunderstand Graze.  If you want an $8 burger, basic cheese curds and frozen fries go somewhere else.  Graze is about high-end food.  Ok, the $19 burger.  I could barely stomach paying $19 for a burger...BUT it was that good.  They shouldnt even call it a burger.  Its insane. Pork buns, marrow, mussels, fries...all WELL worth the price.  The aiolis were the best I've ever tasted.  Service at the bar was fine.  Views and ambiance were awesome.  A bottle of decent wine, 3 apps, two entrees, two after dinner drinks and dessert for $160 out the door.  You can easily get out of there with a superb meal and booze for under $100 for two.  For the quality, uniqueness and the space a very good deal indeed.  We'll definitely be back. In fact, I'd gladly go there over their place next door...
5	Oh my this place is to die for. Totally worth the wait. If there is one restaurant one must try in Madison, this is it. For appetizer, I had the fresh oysters. Love the Maine oysters they had. There were so fresh and yummy. The chicken and waffle is unbelievable. The chicken is so crunchy and moist yet it is not oily. Can't wait to get back there again to try the rest of the menu.
3	After all the talk of how wonderful this place was it was just o.k.   The atmosphere is nice, a bit pretentious, but nice.  They have a good selection of beer and our waitress was awesome!!!  Now, the food...the cheese curds were amazing (what wouldn't be good about vodka and cheese together...seriously) One of my friends and I each ordered the friday night fish and I was a bit confused as to how they portion everything out.  My basket had minimal fries (they were deliecious) and 2 pieces of fish while her basket at 3 1/2 pieces of fish and was exploding with fries.  One would think that ordering the exact same thing it would be presented the similar or the same at the same table.  Another one of our friends ordered the trout which was o.k and another the steak which was delicious but there was nothing but a piece of meat about half the size of my palm on her plate.  I felt it was over priced for what you actually got.  I know a couple people have ranted and raved how this is "high-end food" but it is over priced high end food.
2	I won't be back.My friends and I went here for brunch.  For reasons we still don't understand, brunch service didn't start until 9:30 a.m.  No one actually told us that, though, and we were repeatedly told it would be "just a minute" while we stood around for 20 minutes.  We also had to get our own coffee.The food was just okay - nothing we couldn't have made at home (Nutella-stuffed French toast and a Croque Madame).  The beignets were pretty bland.  Our waiter was really nice, but the rudeness of the hostess and barista kind of ruined the vibe for us by the time he came along.  In short, the next time I want to serve myself coffee and eat this kind of food, I'll stay home.  At least the communication is clear, and it will be cheaper.
5	Amazing food.  Don't let the other reviews keep you away.  It is pricy, but you probably already know that.   You have to try the pork buns! I had the hanger steak and my wife had the salmon with clams.  Both really great.  I will be back.  Nice selection of wines and out of the norm tap beers.Update:  Went there a 2nd time. Still amazing food.  The beet salad is amazing, the views are great and the service is top notch.
5	This menu just tickles me and makes me jolly. Anything from deviled eggs to local trout with sweet potato gems and fried leek strings to warm cookies from the oven. Staff are knowledgeable. Wine list is good. Service is impeccable. No reservations; so, do be prepared to wait, but it's worth every minute!The burger is the best I've ever had and even the fries are local and organically grown and taste as if they've had truffle oil drizzled on them...amazing.
4	the decor fits warmly with the ethos of graze rather well. the atmosphere is lively but intimate. the wine list is surprisingly well-curated and the cocktails look fetching enough.- the deviled eggs are forgettable but the smoked paprika aioli? holy damn. - the gratin is a little confusing to consume at first but it's a lovely simple dish for the cold season.- the mac-n-cheese (minus the pork) was simply delectable.- the artesian rainbow trout was perfectly seared.- the curry vinaigrette in the warm farro salad was tasty.all in all, this place defines gastropub.
3	I've had good, and I have had bad.  The good, actually the best, were the Oysters.  Fresh, clean, chilled, and tastes like the ocean.  Having grown up on the ocean, I was shocked to eat oysters in Madison, WI that tasted like they had just been pulled out of the water.  I've had both burgers, and I think either one is ok.  The spendy burger, as I like to call it, just has WAY too much going on to really appreciate any one component.  I appreciate the ambition of this dish, but too much gets lost in the process.  The average burger is, well, it's average.  Far better burgers in other places around town.  The trout plate was simply amazing, and I was again stammered by it because I have been a fisherman for most of my life and trout have been my primary catch.  The bone marrow is something that you think might be gross, but once you've got it dressed up on the bread it all comes together well.  I'm not a person who easily deals with soft textures, but the marrow had me wanting more.  The cheese curds are hit or miss.  Some days, they are simply amazing.  Light, crispy and not overdone (I mean this in terms of cooking and size of curd), the first time I had these I knew they were the best I had eaten.  The pork entree, quite frankly, sucked when I ordered it.  I was shocked at how tough the ribs were, but the pulled pork was great.  The liver appetizer was good, and you'll probably love it if you're a liver person.  The fries are usually amazing.  Pork bun was good...I don't know what else one can say about a Pork bun.I've eaten a couple of other items, but I can't remember enough about them to comment here.  That's not a dig on Graze, but I have found myself thinking that the biggest issue there is consistency.Service has always been great when I have gone.  Alcohol selections are good as well.  I'll definitely be back because it's usually a good experience.  I've had some bad experiences, but I'm not going to hold those over Graze's head and get all uppity about it.  There are few restaurants in this world that are perfect.  Also, as much as people loved Soleil...I find the new location to be FAR better.  Ditto for L'Etoile.  Even though they just moved up the street, the ambiance and views are exponentially better.
2	I liked the interior OK but a little cold for my taste.  View is spectacular.  Chairs just killed me--very uncomforable hard metal. For food had the scallops starter and the short ribs.  Scallops were a little cool and lacked the nice crust I like on a scallop.  They tasted fresh and would have been fine if they were a little hotter and crusted.The short ribs were just awful.  I have had them at several very good restaurants around the US and they were melting in your mouth tender with most of the fat rendered out by slow long cooking.  These were tough and retained most of the original fat. Awful, awful awful.  Learn how to cook these or get them off the menu. I suggest calling "Crush" in Seattle to see how they do it right.I'd try it again using some of the better reviewed items as a guide.
2	If it were not for the pickles I would give it one star. On that note, the pickles are mostly very good, although the kimchi makes one think that the chef has never had kimchi before, as there was no spice to it. Every dish we ordered noticeably lacked boldness where it was called for: kimchi had no spice in it; the escabeche substituted cauliflower in place of the traditional jalapenos;bahn mi also lacked the traditional jalapenos and was made with an incredibly mundane ham, with a meager sprinkling of pickled vegetables. Spicy food makes me tear up but I'm not as scared of it as the chef.  Both of our entrees had fries on the side, one order was overdone and the other underdone. Both orders of fries became soggy and lost their crispness five minutes out. Perhaps I am just spoiled by the divinity of Opa's fries.
4	U could have got a 5 star but the cupcake was neither a cup or a cake. But i loved my meal and my server and my view.The atmosphere is perfect.  I loved the view of the capitol and the casual saucy vibe.  Our server knew everything about what made the fish sustainable and the market beef "MARKET". The fact that she was so informed but came across as less than pretentious was a plus one for me.   My friend ann recommends the rainbow trout. "it was amazing" says her.Just go there, its good, its smart and its jeezus good.
3	I really like this place. I could give Graze 5 stars on atmosphere alone. When you walk in you are immediately impressed by the high ceiling and the huge windows. The natural lighting and modern decor make simply being here an experience. There is a beautiful view of the capitol out of a wall that's just a giant piece of glass, and looking around the restaurant I seemed to be surrounded by politicians and bankers having their fancy business lunches.My waitress was extremely knowledgeable and friendly. Her ability to speak at such great length about Graze's food demonstrates that they take pride in their quality, and it exhibits a professionalism reminiscent of a gourmet restaurant.However, the food wasn't particularly amazing, with a few notable exceptions. The falafel po-boy that I ordered was amateurish; while the bread and vegetables were excellent, the chef should stick to what he knows. I lived in the Middle East and can recognize a legit falafel. The falafel and hummus here reminded me of the canned stuff that I get from the Arabic grocery store. The fries were just alright; I loved that they served them with mayonnaise rather than ketchup though.The soup du jour (butternut squash) was far too savory for me. If you're going to make a soup that thick and creamy, you can't make it that sweet. It seems like the skill was there to make excellent soup, but unfortunately, the execution wasn't. My girlfriend ordered a great grilled cheese sandwich, albeit that it was simple and imitable. Graze's dedication to high-quality ingredients is what allowed it to stand out. Their choice of mustard for it gave it a very interesting taste, and the cheese was incredibly fresh.Speaking of cheese, I absolutely love the cheese curds. They were completely unlike any other curds I've had, but there's nothing wrong with that. They were much larger than usual, and whereas your average cheese curd is 50% batter, this one was light and fluffy, with a very thin and sweet breading. These monstrous cheese curds were little meals and cost only $7. One basket was enough for four people.The Graze has so much going for it, so it's tough to stomach that I'm not exactly getting the best food I've ever had here. If they showed just a little more consistency and cooking ability, they could be one of the best restaurants in town.
5	Perfect compliment food wise to L'Etoile - casual but gourmet.  Everything I've had on the menu is good.
4	Went here with some friends for some drinks and appetizers and had a nice time. Great place for a more trendy and upscale experience. I mainly wanted a few drinks, but couldn't pass on trying some appetizers. I had the mac n cheese with pulled pork. The mac n cheese was incredibly good, as was the pulled pork, but I definitely preferred the mac n cheese by itself. If I ordered it again, I would ask for extra bread crumbs...no pork. I also ordered the Elderflower margarita, which was pretty good. One of my friends ordered the popcorn with truffle oil, which I thought was "ok". It definitely had a nice flavor, but I think some of the other menu items would have been a better choice. Another one of my friends ordered the cheese curds, which were the best I've had so far in Madison.I defnitely want to go back when I'm more hungry and try the Moules Frites, fried chicken and waffle, and Graze burger. Also, they have a great dining specials, one of which includes oysters and infused vodka shots!
4	We had a Thursday night dinner here. Very beautiful, great location and terrific food at fair prices well below it's parent, L'etoile. Graze uses lots of ingredients from local producers (veggies, meats and cheeses). We had the Warm Farro Salad and the gratin with the braised greens. Both were excellent. We plan to go back again as soon as possible for drinks so that we can try some of the interesting items on the drinks menu. I'm curious to find out what mead tastes like (they have two).
5	I have been to this place for dinner and the thing that really stands out in addition to a great menu was its service.  Everyone on the line ranging from the hostess to our server made the experiences worthwhile.
2	I never really thought I was agoraphobic, but the wide open space of Graze makes me a little uncomfortable.  Huge windows and high ceilings... yes.  But because there is so much space, it feels a bit cold and sterile.  The food (what little I can eat of it - having a gluten allergy) is okay... What I don't understand is why their menus have to be so confusing.  Do they really need an off-hour menu between dinner and late night?
5	I love everything about this restaurant.  The owners got it all right, from atmosphere, seasonal punch, appetizers, breakfast pastries, off hours menu, and dessert; I couldn't have come up with a better concept.  Ok, let me tell you about my favorites!Breakfast - chocolate crissont Lunch- Ramen Noodle BowlAppetizer - pickle plate, cheese boards, pork buns, soft pretzel, deviled eggs, oh and the popcorn will truffle oil!!!!Cocktail - Any seasonal punch, I have tried a cherry brandy, hard cider, and stone fruitDinner- Chicken and Waffle or Friday fish FryDessert- any pie-these are the same ones they serve a L'Etolle and they are amazing, but I hate to down play the fresh chocolate chip cookies, cupcakes, or icy with seasonal syrups (I had rhubarb)Everything is made with exceptional thought and detail.  They pride themselves on local and sustainable.If you want L'Etoile quality, but lower prices and very relaxed atmosphere, you need to try out Graze.
4	Had brunch with friends and we all liked our meals.  Waitress was friendly and attentive.  While the restaurant is beautiful and casual, it somehow lacks warmth (hard seats, high ceilings, few soft lines) which didn't make me want to linger and order a dessert or anything extra.
2	Very very nice setting. Pastries in the morning are fantastic. However, recently I went later in the evening I saw that there are problems. First, the menu is interesting, but a little odd. It's good to experiment and explore, but in this case, the menu is more bizarre than tempting. But the real problem was the service. It was beyond poor -- it was incompetent. Our waiter took our order (and got confused with some simple substitutions we asked about) and brought one of us a little sample of one of the beers we were curious about. Then he disappeared. No follow-up on the beer -- which we wanted to order -- no "is everything all right?" Finally, some other waitress brought the food, and we asked *her* to bring the beer. She was cheerful, and approved of our choice. But we never saw her, or the beer, either. Finally, in exasperation, we flagged someone down and ordered the beer *again*, and this time we got it (far into our meal). And then we were abandoned again. We finished, and wanted to pay. And waited, and looked, and waited. And again, we had to flag some other waiter down in order to pay. The whole experience was ridiculous.
4	When I think about some of my best dining experiences, Graze immediately comes to mind. It's definitely a restaurant that you want to go to if you have a lot of time to make an experience out of it. If you don't take your time here, its not going to be completely worth it.My friend and I only had to wait about five minutes for a table at about 6:30 on a Wednesday night. The view was great...right in front of the lit Capital, with a really nice open, yet cozy atmosphere. We started with a bottle of white wine (and ended up having to put the ice bucket on the floor, which was kind of weird...I understand the table was small, but it was strange to have our $35 bottle of wine sitting on the floor), and the cheese curds, which I highly recommend. The homemade ranch sauce was excellent...definitely not overall what I was expecting, but now all cheese curds will have to go against these. Trust me, all the others will lose. Not being able to decide, my friend and I chose two entrees and split them. We went with the Warm Farro Salad and the Graze Burger. I started out with the burger...and well, you really can't call this much of a burger. This isn't just some ground beef you're going to find anywhere, it's freshly ground sirloin, with the most amazing texture and flavor. The carmelized onion adds a bit of a sweet flavor. I have literally been craving this burger ever since I had it...yes, its worth it to treat yourself to a $20 burger every now and then.The Farro salad was also excellent...it was surprisingly light yet savory, with squash and mushrooms. It definitely makes for a good meal on its own. I also am a fan of knowing where my food comes from, and I feel like Graze isn't treating this like its some sort of gimmick.My only hold-back from giving this place five stars would be the service...which was okay, but not great. The waitress didn't come back terribly often, and it took a really long time to get our food. Like I said, this is the kind of place you want to have a lot of time to spend at to make the experience worth it, so don't try to make this a quick stop.
5	Graze is an awesome place to hang out! One of the best places for drinks in Madison - the Seasonal punch? Awesome!!! If you're in the mood for coffee? Magic Coffee is the word you're looking for.And if you love Fried Cheese Curds, you HAVE TO TRY Graze's. Light crispy batter with cheese that tears off in strings.... It is fried JUST RIGHT, EVERY SINGLE time. And the sauce? IS AMAZINGGGGGGGGG. Pastries are still available in the mornings, and you can probably study/do work here in the morning till lunch hours when it gets a little more busy.Try these dishes!FRIED CHEESE CURDSMAGIC COFFEE Seasonal punch!Pork3Fried Chicken and WaffleOne thing to note, it is almost always fully packed in the evenings.. so call beforehand, or be prepared to wait if you're in groups more than 2. In the meantime, chill, and enjoy a delicious drink in the wonderful view of the Capitol.
5	Three cheers for graze!My wife and I went to L'Etoile for our first anniversary and hated it-- pretentious, overpriced food in our opinion. But Graze is fantastic.  We've gone three times:First time: Our third anniversary-- no reservations, so we sat at the bar.  We split some fantastic oysters, then I had the graze burger and she had the catch of the day.  My burger was fantastic-- well worth the $20, and she loved the fish so much that I didn't even get a taste.Second time: we had planned to do an "oys \ter night" for several weeks and finally returned to graze.  Started with another great selection of oysters, then split graze burger, mac and cheese, and bone marrow appetizer.  I have to say, the bone marrow was one of the best things I've ever tasted--- it simply blew me away.Third time: We had our first problem, but this experience cemented our glowing review of this restaurant.  After polishing off half of our dozen oysters (we had just stopped in to indulge in some bivalves and a drink or two), we were ready to dig in on the second dozen.  Having clinked our shells, my wife slurped down her oyster and made a face-- "This tastes like a dirty sock," she said-- we immediately managed to catch the manager's eye (I've seen this gentleman working every time we've been in) and explained this situation.  I was not at all upset that we were served a nasty oyster-- this is a live product and we're well aware of the inherent risks-- but I also wasn't in the mood for any more.  I told the manager that we were happy to pay for our drinks and the six good oysters we had eaten, but that we wouldn't be finishing the plate.  I was pleasantly surprised  when he not only consulted with the chef about what to do (apparently there is nothing you can do, as a quick call to poison control confirmed) but then took the extra step and took the entire dozen oyster off our check.  That's customer service!  Again, I want to emphasize that Graze was in no way responsible for this one misstep, but they sure went out of their way to satisfy a customer.  Thanks again.  We'll be back!
3	Things I liked about Graze:1. The elderflower margarita 2. The goat cheese dumplings 3. The French friesThings I didn't like about Graze:1. The loud, echo-y room2. The hype around local when a good part of the menu is not3. The long wait time and not taking reservationsA very nice meal but I wanted to love it more than I did. I had the Bahn Mi, which was tasty, but I wanted it to be either more authentic or more inventive. Instead it was stuck in the middle. Full of fresh Thai basil but also with dry ham that did nothing to enhance the flavor. The service was friendly and informative and I liked the carafe of water on the table.
5	Brunch at Graze did not disappoint!  The Nutella French toast with apples was superb as was the cheese curds and the open, clean atmosphere.
3	Graze is one of those places you go to for the actual place, not necessarily the food. It's got a gorgeous view and a beautiful ambiance in the restaurant. The setting is just awesome and I could probably write five pretentious paragraphs on this alone, but I'll spare you and just tell you that the interior is worth visiting at least once.The service is four stars: I initially came here on a Saturday brunch and picked out the chicken fried steak--as it turns out, they were out and my waiter didn't know. I'm not faulting the waiter, but I do think if there was a little better communication, this could have been avoided.That said, otherwise, my waiter knew what he was talking about (as some other reviewers mentioned). Interestingly, I didn't get carded when I ordered my mimosa (which was all right). I'm not complaining, mind you, because I am 22 and I am of age, but it's quite rare for me and I'm kind of grateful for that.Now, while the logistics of this place are great, the menu and food are kind of where it falls apart:The Sassy Cow cheese curds are divine. I love The Old Fashioned, but you know what? I think these cheese curds put theirs to shame. Oh, please don't hate me for saying that--it's just, they're HUGE. And delicious. I wish I just would have ordered some for myself, even though they fed two early-20-somethings just fine. Ugh, I'm greedy, don't judge me.But where the cheese curds were good, my croque-madame was not. It was almost like eating a microwaved TV dinner, albeit a little more expensive one. It was greasy and it was nothing I couldn't have gotten for $4 at Madison Market a few blocks away. For being a glorified microwaved TV dinner, you know, it was all right, but I expected a little more. The salad was good and I wolfed that sucker down, but eh. Really? My partner also didn't enjoy his corned beef hash as much--there was little flavor to his dish and the amount of grease was a little unbearable for him.As others have mentioned: if they worked on the menu, cooking ability, and some of the dishes (more local ingredients would be fantastic, especially if you're going to pride yourself on it) could really use some fine-tuning and adjustments.
3	Terrible bank like atmosphere.  Best burger in town.
4	Great Service. Great Food. And I was surprised that I enjoyed being in the actual restaurant; was dubious from the outside, it being all glass. Very comfortable. We had the Oyster selection from Washington State along with a mixed green salad perfectly dressed. The Solume plate of sured meats with home made mustard and warm (nice touch) olives. I had the eggs bennedict  with frothy hollandaise--perfect. Actually, I could've used some more hash browns. Its is just a potato after all. C'mon. Great brunch, we will return.
4	The space is chic, but not pretentious, and has a great view of the Capitol. The cheese curds are absolutely magnificent. I had a burger that was on special. While it was certainly good, it wasn't twice as good as a burger you could get elsewhere (at half the price). The sizing (and sogginess) of the bun was awkward enough that it required a knife and fork to eat. But still, it was delicious. The significant other had a steak- although not the tenderest cut of meat, the flavors were ridiculously delicious. You can get beef just about anywhere, but this was truly excellent. It didn't require any excessive seasonings or sauces; the flavor of the beef came through all on its own. The seasonal punch was also quite good (some sort of pomegranate concoction when we went). It was sweet, but not overpoweringly so and had just the right amount of alcohol.
4	Ok, I have a bias! My son's restaurant on Beach Drive in St. Petersburg, Florida has one thing over Graze, the weather. Graze was the most memorable food, service and ambiance experience we have had in Madison. We will come again and again. Might I suggest, if you are going to St. Petersburg, Bella Brava?  The Graze experience could not have been better in any way.  What a magnificent view as well.  Bravo!
4	Went here for brunch today.  The brunch menu is pretty standard/limited with benedicts, posh breakfast sandwiches, country fried steak, a la carte sides (potatoes, fruit, etc...) and then there is ... chicken & waffles.  I was pressured into ordering it and it twas one of the best things that has ever entered my mouth (in any manner).  The compound butter accents the sweet/salty play very nicely.  I had never had this dish before, but i'd be curious as how to others stack up.  Staff were friendly, the space is very modern but cozy.  I would have no problem checking Graze out again.
3	I promised I'd write an update - keeping three stars for Graze. I'll come here occasionally, but it's not a favorite.We did an cheese curd taste-off between Old Fashioned and Graze. Old Fashioned won hands-down. Graze's food is just so greasy.Their cheese selection is solid and the chicken and waffles are killer, but otherwise things are fairly mediocre. Cocktails are so-so. They do have a new happy hour from 4-6, and a cool oyster special on Wednesdays with free shots, but after further review, $27 for a dozen is pretty spendy.
5	Really interesting menu.  I liked the gournet grilled cheese.  The flavors were wonderful.  The salad was colorful and unique.  Highly recommend.
4	we checked graze out a few weeks ago for a change of pace for brunch. we were seated immediately. our server was really pleasant and attentive. the decor is really cool... lofty and modern but somehow very cozy.we started with bloodies, of course... and they were a little odd. there is a smoky flavor to the mix which i didn't love (but it didn't stop me from having two).we each ordered something different. I had the breakfast sandwich with brick cheese, which was good and everything I expected. my boyfriend had the chicken fried steak. (he liked it but he was a bit disappointed with the portion size... I kept reminding him that we weren't at the old fashioned.) my sister-in-law had the croque madame, and, with some prodding, my brother ordered the chicken and waffles. I tried a bite of these dishes and liked both. the chicken and waffles was pretty amazing and I will definitely order this dish next time. as if we weren't already stuffed, we shared a chocolate croissant and some coffee cake after our meal. both were good but not amazing. all in all, this is a solid place for brunch and we'll definitely be back.
5	The food, drinks and atmosphere of this restaurant are awesome! A group of us came here for dinner one night and everything tasted delicious. The drink menu, like many of the drink menus I've seen at restaurants in Madison, was really unique. I had a ginger drink (I forget the name, but it was good!) and the carrot-ginger soup. The rest of the group had the Graze burger which was sooo delicious, as were the fries and dipping sauce! Oh and the cheese curds were ridic!I'm itching to come here again for brunch. The location is awesome, right on the square with glass walls so you can see everything. The waitstaff is nice and the prices are great!
5	We stopped in Graze for a drink during happy hour and ended up staying and eating there. The decor is great, it is minimalistic but I like the big chalkboard and the layout of the place. Great atmosphere as well. I also like that they have wine taps, haha. I had the house Pinot Grigio and it was really good. I also had the apple cider cocktail which was really yummy!For dinner my husband had the $20 burger, ha It was pricey for a burger, but he said it was amazing. His fries were good, I tried some:) I had the croque madame and let me tell you, it was probably one of my favorite things I have ever eaten in my entire life! I can't stop thinking about it since we left! I had never had a croque madame anywhere else, but this one was awesome. I will have to get back there to eat one again soon! I would definitely check out Graze, they use all local sustainable ingredients as well, which is always a plus.
3	Had brunch here. The service was a little slow, but the menu was interesting and the food was delish. I had the croque madam-which was smooth, buttery and toasted to perfection with a perfectly cooked sunny side up egg atop. My friend had the breakfast sandwich which see enjoyed as well. The Kir-Royale? Well honestly...if anyone would chill the Champgne properly, it would make a world of difference. Trust me on this. I would go to Graze again. It was clean, and tasty. A nice new addition to the rather lackluster lunch choices in Madison.
3	Great atmosphere, right across from the capitol with floor to ceiling windows. A more casual mirror image of its sister restaurant next door. I had the Graze burger, which was decent. The cheese curds were good, huge chunks of fried cheese. I also had some kind of pecan pie, which was okay, but really not great.
4	Great restaurant, excellent atmosphere. Heavy on the pork. Just a touch pricey.
5	In love with Graze's happy hour! (4-6) Two for one drafts - with some very fine microbrews on tap at already very reasonable prices. Graze knows how to attract the after-work crowd on the Capitol. The setting sun shines beautifully through the expansive glass wall to the west. Relaxed yet responsive, unpretentious but upscale, this is the place to be!
5	Today was a good day! Spending time with my son became a culinary dining experience that ended in magnificence. GRAZE is 5 star worthy. Upon the opening of the Giant glass doors, and entering the high ceiling area, you are greeting with a welcoming smile filled with sincerity. We were asked if we wanted a booth, a bit cozier choice if needed, or near the front of the house . which is along the huge floor to ceiling windows overlooking the square. We offered no opinion , and were given the seating with a view. Loved it! The server Anne, (who was impeccable) was so gracious timewise. This would hold true throught our entire visit. We ordered mid afternoon libations, then decided on our lunch choices.The Moules Frites was a must. The Gorgeous Plump Mussels werre presented in a deep bowl, nice and hot, with the most delicate unevasive sauce worthy of dipping the hot crusty baguette into over and over. (that "bread" was insanely good)The accompanying crisped Frites, which btw are NOT greasy at all, are served with a Saffron Aioli that is so wonderfuly balanced. (kethcup would be a crime)My son had chosen for his luncheon entree, the Salad Lyonnaise. This included a perfectly poached Duck Egg  and also the Lardon made their already impeccable Dijon dressing,(and I quote)  "a man's salad". I  marveled in the Beet Salad, which consisted of golden and red warm beets, cut into appropriate size. with your toasted pepitas (pumpkin seeds)  along with a honey vinagarette dressing tossed so light over mixed greens.The star of the salad was the warm mound of creamy pepita crusted Goat Cheese that melted in your mouth and complimented the earthy beets perfectlyOur server Anne had such perceptively timed attentiveness  through our visit and i do feel the need to stress that and thank her. She made us feel welcome and apprecitated.  We LOVED GRAZE, and are so thrilled we made the correct city lunch choice.  Please do go. Indulge yourself in satisfaction. You're worth it.
5	Great high end local food for a reasonable price!I'd like to comment on the commitment Graze makes to sustainable local produce.  They use a very high percentage of locally procured food.  Atmosphere: Sleek and slightly trendy, fits right between a bar and a more formal restaurant... which I love!Service:  The service has always been great the number of times I've been there.  Bartenders are also knowledgeable.  The one thing I could say is that they seem to be understaffed relatively frequently, as I've had to wait too long to get a drink a few times at the bar... a minor gripe. Food: Absolutely great.  Some of the best food I've had in the $10-20 price range in Madison.  The menu changes with the availability of local items, which keeps it interesting no matter how many times you've been there.  The place is a true value.Bar: They have a variety of local and national microbrews that rotate.  They also have a good selection of wine and even have a selection of mead.  I ordered a flight of it the last time I was there, interesting to say the least!  They are also one of the few bars to bar tend properly and with attention to detail.  By properly I mean that they use correct size measuring devices and don't scam you by using a smaller one.  They also take the time to use fresh ingredients whenever possible, like garnishes, etc.  The also have a number of interesting twists to classic mixed drinks.Overall, great place for a great meal, drinks, atmosphere for around $20 a person
4	Super popular hip restaurant in the Capitol area of Madison.  Not crazy about the hour long waits, but I did enjoy the farm to table offerings.  Their seasonal lemonade was fantastic - mine was cherry raspberry.  For appetizers we had the mac and cheese made with 10 year old cheddar.  I realize the cheese was aged but I think it would have benefited from a blend of cheeses to make the flavor more complex.  The artisan bread was tasty, but the style was more homemade than artisan.  They were rolls like the kind you could make in your oven at home.  Truffle popcorn is a huge trend right now, and I was glad to try their rendition.  It was natural popcorn, a little salty and a hint of truffle.  I think I would've preferred more of a dunking of truffle.  Finally, the cheese curds.  AMAZING!  The breading was light and the dipping sauce complemented nicely. For our entrees we had the warm farro salad and the fried chicken and waffle.  The warm farro salad was great - a lot of fresh vegetable ingredients and a nice tangy vinegarette dressing.  The fried chicken was a bit disappointing.  The batter was laid on very thick and so the chicken was encrusted with this coat of batter that didn't have the unevenness or crispy texture you'd get with a light hand battered chicken.  Overall, a good restaurant - high end and hip with good farm to table choices.  Next time, i'll stick with more vegetables.
2	Went for brunch, Sunday. Atmosphere was nice, bright. Service was fine. I love good biscuits and gravy so went for them here. Bottom line, not good. Biscuit was dry, gravy was very pasty, oily  and lacking flavor. Sausage was sparse, not ground but simply cut up links.The wife had the egg sandwich which was much better, liked the runny egg. But the side of greens was way too salty (dressing and they also added coarse sea salt).  Good coffee.Disappointed and surprised by this experience as other L'toile ventures have been excellent.
2	I met some friends here and I love the concept behind this place. We had a larger party so there was a bit of a wait for a table. The server was fairly attentive but he was very infrequent in how often he came to our table. I don't know if this is typical of brunch place but the server didn't even come take our drink order for at least 10 minutes. It took another 10 minutes to get my drink (which was a coke). Then we waited for another 15 minutes for the server to come back to take our orders. The food took forever to come and it was slightly disappointing. My boyfriend got the biscuit and gravy (which he eats everywhere) and he said it was the worst meal at a resturant he has ever had. The french fries were really good and the seasonal fruit was top notch. Make sure you have a lot of time on your hands before going.
3	Well...Graze is good, but not great is the short version. Drinks and appetizers were great, but the entrees were definitely so-so. It was storming when we were there and it was SO cool to be in the space for that, so thumbs up for cool atmosphere. I had heard it was loud in there and that is correct, but not necessarily in a bad way. I had the pork cubed and my favorite part was the crispy kale-- the pork belly was not too good. My food also got cold really quickly and I'm not sure why, but it made the root mash gross fast. Yet another place in Madison where it's all about drinks and apps!
4	I went here on a sunny spring day with my wife for lunch.  It has a cool modern atmosphere with direct views of the capitol from almost any seat.  The burger I had was good, but very messy.  I think the bun could have been slightly bigger.  I like the huge ceilings inside.  Overall a good option on the square that I will try again.  I think happy hour here could be a good idea especially with summer on the way and their big tap beer selection.
2	I wasn't really all that impressed with this place. It seems pretty popular given that it seems to be full whenever I walk by, and acquaintances have said they loved it. I wanted to like it, as I am all for their "locally sourced" ethos.It's designed as a small plates kind of joint, maybe something like "midwest tapas?"  Many dishes are served family style for sharing, but limited entrees are offered.Our group of 4 went on a weeknight at about 7:30. It wasn't packed and there were a few tables open. We waited for about 20 minutes for them to prep a table. Not sure why it took that long. After we were seated it took another 10 minutes for water to be delivered by a runner. Then another 5 minutes for our server to finally arrive. We had been mulling over the menu over those 15 minutes so we were ready to get a drink order in, and our first round of plates. We all noted the slow service.The atmophere is pretty cool though. It's mostly windows so you get a great view of the capital building and the square. It is a bit loud, but certainly not as loud as the Old Fashioned can get.We ordered our beers along with the mac & cheese, the plate of house pickles, and the charcuterie. Our beers took  at least 10 minutes to arrive. Then another 15 minutes for the first plates. We asked the server to point out the offerings on the charcuterie plate, but the server could only point out the salame and mortadella, the only ones I recognized immediately. Not much help there. The mac & cheese was merely OK, I like my own better. The pickles, while pretty good, were nothing to brag about. Though I will say the pickled squash was pretty memorable.Our server didn't come check on us for quite a while, though I'm not sure how long it was because we were contently conversing. We had to flag her down to order more beers and the next round of plates. Not cool. A couple of us also decided to order entrees along with the additional plates. This round we ordered the fresh bread basket, cheese board, and deviled eggs. For entrees, we ordered the asparagus/frisee salad, the seafood stew, the market steak, and I ordered the Graze burger, it's touted $19 burger. Yes, a $19 burger. I couldn't NOT try it. Once.About 10 minutes later and our small plates arrived. These are all good, but how do you screw up bread and cheese? The deviled eggs were pretty good but nothing to come back for. 20 minutes later, the entrees arrived. And actually, everyone loved their entrees but me. Like any good midwestern man, I do like me some burgers. Plus I've got an open mind when if comes to them. This burger is a mix of sirloin, ribeye & short rib meat served on a brioche bun. This sounded fantastic to me, but it didn't deliver. The brioche bun arrived with a completely soggy bottom, and the combined flavors of the caramelized onions and the bun was sweet. Yes, sweet. I do know that brioche can be a sweet kind of bread, but maybe I was expecting something else. Anyway, the sweetness ruined the burger for me. I just don't get down with sweet burgers, even though the meat was high quality and perfectly done. I didn't finish it. The fries that came with the burger were also overly soggy with grease, only the very tips were crispy.While everyone in our party knew this place was a little expensive going in, we didn't feel we got our money's worth. If I'm with a group that decides to go, I'd probably try it again. There were a couple other menu items that looked good, after all. But I'd rather go elsewhere.My rating is based on -2 points for the slow, crap service, and -1 point for the lack of value.
4	Had the chicken and waffle,pork shoulder,both really good!!!drinks weren't fantastic though...expensive for such small portions
4	Graze occupies one of my favorite urban spaces in all of Madison, the old FirstStar bank plaza on the Capitol Square, next door to the (overpriced, overrated) L'Etoille. There are lots of big windows with great views of the Capitol building. I'd been here a couple of times to sample what may be the best selection of Wisconsin brews in town, but had never dined. The menu is small but eclectic, with a variety of oddball dishes (chicken and waffles?). Started with the goat meatballs . . . these were somewhat bland at first (particularly the meat), but the flavor grew on me after a few bites. I went with the Burger of The Week, which had onions carmelized in beer, ham, and coarse-grain mustard with greens. Very delicious, everything tasted fresh (not surprising given that their ingredients are all locally sourced). But the real star here was the french fries . . . they do literally melt in your mouth. They are also served with an aioli sauce, so for once I didn't have to ask for a side of mayo! My recommendation for now would be to get anything that has fries, but I look forward to returning and sample some of their other unique dishes.
5	Coming from Toronto, I was clueless as to what gastronomical pleasures I would find in Madison. Graze was simply marvellous. The food was exquisite, fresh and portioned perfectly. The service was personable and attentive. The atmosphere was modern, simple and inviting. These are the types of gems I like to find when I travel. Highly recommend it to everyone who appreciates a quality food experience.
4	Cheese curds are good-my first time having them. A bit rich of course, but tasty. The Ramen Noodle bowl is the tits. New Glarus Moon Man on tap is also killer. Really good service as well
4	It's been nearly a decade since I'd been back to Madison and I was surprised to see how many new and interesting restaurants have popped up in that time! After strolling up State and around the Capitol, we stopped at Graze for a bite, under the recommendation of a friend of ours.First, the view is fantastic! I love the simple, modern atmosphere. Our server was really pleasant and knowledgeable about the beer list as well as the menu. We ordered drinks and 2 appetizers, the cheese curds and the deviled eggs. Unfortunately, we were so full after the apps, that we couldn't even bear to order dinner. Seriously disappointing.BUT, we ended up going back for brunch two days later and we were not disappointed. I had the loaded egg sandwich, which was criminally delicious. The bread was very, very tasty. There was a perfect ratio of cheese to egg to bacon. It was also accompanied by a very nice mixed greens, simply dressed salad, so I didn't feel SO much like I was clogging every last artery. I also had a bloody mary, which was probably the best one I'd had in Madison. I am definitely planning a return next time I'm in town.
5	Effing delicious. Seriously, brunch here was the best meal I've had in ages. Everything is fresh and local - a lot of what we were ordering literally came from the farmer's market across the street. There's nothing like fresh ingredients to make a delicious meal, but clearly there was also skill involved in creating my beautifully fluffy omelet and the delectable hash browns that accompanied it. Hands down, though, my love for Graze runs extra deep thanks to the best breakfast item I have ever seen on any menu - deep fried cheese curds!!! The best part is, in this light, airy, modern space with floor-to ceiling windows and a view of the majestic Capital and the bustling farmer's market, I was just about able to convince myself that fried cheese is health food. Now that's impressive!
4	We splurged and decided to try Graze after wandering around the square in search of somewhere to eat on Saturday night. It was a 15 minute wait to eat outside, but we sat down immediately inside -- really exciting, as I was ravenous.Our waitress brought water right away, and returned shortly to ask about drinks. They have a variety of options, which of course completely overwhelmed me, but I went with a ginger martini and my friend with a beer (both pretty reasonably priced). They have wine on tap, which is interesting -- I'll definitely try that next time.My friend got the Graze burger and fries, and I got macaroni and cheese with pulled pork.  Pulled pork usually doesn't do it for me, but I branched out and tried it. Usually, after awhile, every plate of food coming towards our table gets my hungry hopes up as I wonder where my food is; at Graze, our food came before I even started looking for it. The dish small (expected, as it is an appetizer), but perfectly filling. Made with Hooks 10 year cheddar, the noodles were covered in liquidy cheesy goodness. With the tender pulled pork on top, it was very hard not to inhale it. I love cheese, and you could tell that it was really good cheese. One thing -- it was slightly, just a little bit, maybe too salty. I don't know if it came from the meat or the cheese, and it didn't stop me from eating every last noodle, but it did cross my mind.We didn't get dessert (unfortunately), but our waitress did not make us feel rushed in any way. As a waitress, I know table-lingerers suck, especially when the bill isn't very expensive. She just refilled our waters and smiled.I love the big windows and the bar area.
4	I had the pleasure of dining at Graze for the first time this past week.  The mac & cheese with pulled pork was truly amazing.  The potato gnocchi with fresh pesto and summer vegetables was very good, but not transcendental.  Service was decent, even outside.The only hiccup to the meal was the specialty cocktail.  Mine came with a cayenne pepper garnish and too much of it had made its way into the drink itself. The burgers looks fantastic...next time.
4	I went here the first time because I was told it is now the only place one can buy etoile's croissants. Ahh how I miss the only bakery counter. Buying croissants to go there is possible but awkward (and not cheap of course).I finally went there for dinner a few nights ago with two friends that go there regularly and love it. We had two toddlers with us (we ate very early so it wasn't too crazy yet) and the staff was very gracious about their craziness.I had the risotto, which was excellent but I still wonder why all nice restaurants feel the need to douse dishes in truffle oil. We also tried the pickles and the banh mi. Both were good but did not knock my socks off. I would happily go again (perhaps some night when I have a babysitter though)
4	Highly recommend! Great food!  I had a burger made from antibiotic/hormone-free beef. It was cooked perfectly--juicy and delicious! Everything tasted really fresh.
3	There's something about Graze. That is to say, both on the good and bad side.  L'Etoile's sister restaurant, Graze has a great pedigree and an identical commitment to local sourcing and top notch ingredients.  The menu is eclectic and there's something for everyone on it.  I'm not really buying its "gastropub" moniker. Graze is bright and sunny [floor to ceiling windows bright and sunny] like a farm cafe. Bar offerings seem peripheral rather than central to the experience, and I can't imagine going there after 10:30 pm or so. Both the Old Fashioned and Cooper's (right on Capital Square) and Natt Spil or Opus just off the square have cozier seating, more extensive drink menus, and zero pretension, making them far more appealing for a late night bite even if their food might not be on the same level as Graze (and I'd argue that Old Fashioned and Natt Spil both put out food that is on the same level or above what I've had at Graze). I often come here for lunch, and find the service at once overbearing and slow-- quite a feat.  Example from today's meal: "How were your first bites?" followed by "Still liking your food?" five minutes later... "Do you need more iced tea?"  two minutes later... "Are you sure you don't want anything else?" while I have a mouthful of food, then disappearing for 20 minutes as I anxiously peer around, needing a check so I can make it back to my office in time for a meeting.  There are some things I really like on the menu.  Magic Coffee lives up to its name.  Their slightly upscale take on fried cheese curds--phenomenal.  The deep fried pickles are kitschy and yummy.  All of their salads, while quite light for the price, are very tasty.  And I think their ramen bowl, which is made with Wah Kee noodles and served with a spicy chili oil on the side so I can make it as spicy as I want, is one of the best soups in town.  But other things on the menu (falafel po'boy, I'm lookin' at you) are completely lackluster.  Or they are inconsistent in taste/portion (something I've noticed frequently here).  Nevertheless, there's just enough good to outweigh the not-so-bad, so I keep coming here, and I think that once they settle into a groove as a fairly new (less than a year) restaurant, Graze will prove to be a favorite.
2	I wished the food was better (sigh). I also wished that cocktails were better. And, those pastries prepared for the Saturday farmer's market .... pretty bad. I used to like then Cafe Soleil pastries, but the apple croissant and chocolate croissant I had recently were just mess. If they haven't figured out already, their competitions are kickin' their butt.
5	Tried an excellent falafel sandwich!!! Tasted the amazing reubens and AU NATURALE wisconsin cheese curds.....I'll never go back to the SISCO pieces.... :)
3	I have been to Graze twice and I would go back again. Their menu is eclectic and varied and there are vegetarian options for me.The portions are a bit small... I wish they were larger.
3	I've had the chance to dine here more than a few times now and have a pretty good impression of the restaurant, its service and its food. Overall, I think it strives to offer a restaurant experience a bit outside of the ordinary for Madison, but the ambition isn't matched by its execution.Most recently, I put together a small group for dinner during one of their Wednesday night concert on the square menus. I reserved a table in advance through a hostess on the phone approximately 3 weeks before, who suggested that I arrive a little early before the seating (630) so I would have a choice of tables.  This turned out to be unnecessary since they had reserved a table with my name up front next to the fence of their outdoor dining area. There also isn't any advantage to sitting closer to the street, since one can't really see much of the orchestra above all the other attendees in the square who bring their own chairs and refreshments. The music is amplified through a PA, so everything is easily heard front and rear of the patio dining area. Unfortunately, there wasn't an amuse offerred nor any table snacks during the 30 minute wait before food (a 4 course fixed menu), so it's best not to arrive too hungry. Cocktails are offerred but - even with 4 servers covering approximately 32 diners - it can take awhile to get them. The food is well put together and well seasoned. A generous cheese plate delighted, a flavorful bourbon pork loin on polenta was filling if served a little too cold, and a frito misto with calamari and tomatos was very tasty, if also too cold. The problem is the restaurant chose to serve as if catering an event rather than cooking to order. Each course came out at once for everyone, rather than FIFO. This also had the unfortunate impact of serving those that had waited the longest (the earliest arrivals), last, since they were farthest from the kitchen. It made me wonder if they had chosen to forego an expediter. Dessert was a moist little chocolate cake square, served with some rather ho-hum cherries, a rossette of cream and no sauce. Not bad, just underwhelming and further contributing to the feeling of eating banquet food. A wine pairing erred on the sweet side, though saved by a refreshing French rose choice.  I noticed a larger party at a table close by received additional baskets of fried things from the kitchen, choices which weren't offerred to us, their drinks were refreshed faster and they always got their food first. Friends of the chef, perhaps, but it sure made me wish we had stopped at one of the many little food stands out on the square and noshed instead. If I find a reason to go to this event again, I'll do that. Previous meals were in the same ball park: imaginative pub fare with upscale designs, junior varsity service and a great beer selection. I'd go back, but probably not until after I've explored the many other dining options downtown.
4	I have been to Graze at least a dozen times, and I wish I could give it a 4.5. I can't quite give it a 5 because of inconsistency and noise.Here's what works:- Cheese curds!- Wine from a keg (can't you just feel the environment hugging you?)- Beer selection- Bibimbap- Mac 'n' Cheese with Pork (heart attack, but worth it.)- Fried Chicken & Waffle (There's a reason people love this in the South)- Cheese boards- Service - always kind and knowledgable- Magic coffee- The view of the capitalHere's what's inconsistent or doesn't work:- Burgers. They change these frequently, and they're not consistently great. I wish they were.- The noise. All those glass walls and metal tables & chairs make the sound bounce all over the place. So it's tough to bring your elderly parents (even though they'd love it) or your sweetheart, if you want a quiet night out.- Breakfast is nothing special.- The wait. Since you can't make reservations, you have to go during non-peak hours, or plan to wait for 30-45 minutes.Despite the moderate inconsistencies, Graze is a great restaurant that's become a fall-back option for me and my friends.
2	Been to Graze a few times now. 1: The noise in this place is amazingly loud. Don't expect to have a decent conversation if you are into that while eating. It has no ambiance.   2: The wait staff gets annoyed when you ask for more water, or ask for dessert. 3: The waitress brought the check before we had a chance to ASK her for dessert. 4: The waitress who took our order never came back until the end, we had someone else bring our food, we had someone else bring up more water, and we had another person bring our desserts! 5: We do not drink, so when we said we just wanted water, the waitress became visibly disinterested in our table. Due to lower tip. 6: Boasting using a canned line about how superior your 'reverse osmosis water system' is when pouring the water is tacky. 7: Hostess brought us to one table, then I guess changed her mind and then walked us across the room to another table. Who knows why. Now the food: 1: Best Cheese Curds by far. 2: Not much else. I am serious, out of 6 visits, the thing I still remember as truly tasting as 'superior' as this place acts is the... Cheese Curds. Not a good sign. 3: Friend who drinks alcohol felt the drinks were 'below Madison average, tasted watered down' I do not drink so this is second hand info, take it for what it is. Who is Graze for in my opinion? Someone who wants awesome Cheese Curds.
4	The tables and chairs don't quite fit the decor, and its a bit noisy, but when you get right down to it the food is great.  Had some of the best cod of my life for the Friday night fish fry, a good cocktail, and a splendid raspberry chocolate cheesecake.  Our server Natalie was attentive and personable.  People-watching all the folks up on the capitol is an added benefit.
1	The wife and I dined here for dinner on 8/9/11. Ordered Fried Pickles ($4) and Pork Buns ($6) for appetizers, the Graze Burger ($19!!) and the Burger of the week ($15), fries with both entrees.This was our first visit to Graze. We had pretty high expectations, seeing as how it is the 'sister restaurant' of L'Etoile. It certainly was the hoity-est place we've been to, and with their focus on gourmet, local ingredients, we were sure we were in for a great meal.First impressions- No reservations needed- cool! They were very busy, which for a Tuesday night was surprising, but it was election night, and there was a rally going on. The wait to get seated was about 30 minutes, not bad, but they told us 10. Noisy- very noisy. near impossible to have a conversation without shouting. The decor- seemed like they were trying for an artsy/modern look, but all I could think about was how the metal chairs were the exact same kind of metal chairs you always see in interrogation rooms on cop tv shows. Next time you are watching Law and Order, or one of the others, check out the chairs. You'll see what I mean. Service was slow, maybe we were just impatient because we were very hungry & we were in a little bit of a hurry, we wanted to check out the rally.  After what was probably 30 minutes, we were finally served our appetizers. The fried pickles were a huge disappointment. There was more breading than pickle. I honestly didn't realize you could slice a pickle that thin! Greasy, very greasy. They tasted like something you would get off a food truck at a carnival. I didn't use the sauce, the wife did and said it was good, so maybe that was the trick. In my opinion food is either good or it's not, and you shouldn't have to drench it in sauce for it to be good.  The pork buns were nothing like I was expecting, which could just be my own ignorance. I was expecting pork buns like I remembered from China One Buffet (on Broadway) back in the day. What we got looked more like a pork taco, but whatever. They tasted ok I guess, not something I would normally order, and I probably wouldn't order again.  The wife said they were 'different' which is usually code for 'not very good'.  At this point, we were feeling a little leary about our entrees.After what felt like forever (but was probably about 30 more minutes), our burgers & fries came. Not sure why it took so long for two burgers and two orders of fries.  My burger was the Graze burger (fresh ground sirloin, ribeye & short ribs, caramelized onions, cabernet jus, sesamse seed brioche) The burger did not come with any toppings. Just burger, bun & caramelized onions. It looked a little naked, I thought. Now I didn't expect the chef to want to bury his work of beef art under a blanket of cheese (even though we are in the dairy state), but a little lettuce, tomato, pickle or even some raw onions really would have elevated this burger to something special. Without all of that it was just ok. The taste & texture reminded me of a meatloaf sandwich. Which would have been fine if I'd ordered the meatloaf sandwich, but I didn't. I ordered the $19 hamburger. $19!! I guess I figured that I since ordered one of the most expensive things on the menu, that it would blow my mind, but it just didn't. My mistake. In fact, I found it a little salty, and not in a good way.The wife, being more adventurous than I am, ordered the burger of the week, which we didn't hear the name of and barely heard the description of. Something about a burger with bacon, limburger cheese, and hash browns, served on a play on french toast.  She said it was 'weird, wet and kinda gross' It also was extremely messy, the 'french toast' or whatever it was pretty much disintigrated, leaving her hands a sloppy, greasy mess. I know right now you are probably thinking 'sheesh, don't you have anything nice to say?' Yes. I do- the french fries were very good. So there you have it. $46.42 (after tax)  for some darn good fries. Not what you'd call a good value. Although, after this experience, neither of us is in a hurry to try the 'sister restaurant' L'Etoile, which would have a significantly higher price tag, so in a way, dining at Graze actually saved us money in the long run. An expensive lesson learned.
4	This place is interesting.  The space is awesome, high ceilings, chalkboards, industrial lighting and an incredible view of the capital.  The bloody mary was great as was my scramble, magic coffee, & beet salad.  Service was not great and thus a 1 star subtraction.  Food was slow and servers were not attentive but props for everything being local.  I would absolutely eat here again.
3	Our party of three arrived around 6pm on a Friday night and we were promptly seated... when the greeter managed to look up and actually greet us.However, our waitress was wonderful; engaging and knowledgeable.  She was able to talk about the wine we selected in a way that was helpful and pretty accurate.  She shared with us that she had lived in Spain (we ordered a Spanish wine) and her recommendations were appreciated.  It was nice rapport without feeling forced.We ordered the cheese curds in the vodka batter and they were pretty good; light and crispy and greasy.  We also ordered the soft pretzel with three different kinds of mustard and Widmer's cheese spread.  The cheese was to die for, the mustards were great.I ordered the Pork3:  chili braised pork shoulder, pickled vegetables, rice, and leaf lettuce;  Udon noodle bowl with glazed pork belly and sugar snap peas;  smoked pork spare ribs with Korean mustard sauce, cucumber salad.  Pretty good.  The spare ribs were... well, spare.  Very small meat cuts on the ribs, very hard to bite into.  The pork belly was good.  The small ramen bowl was gone much too quickly and there were no promised peas in my bowl.  The braised pork shoulder tasted delicious but I think some sort of sauce could have helped texturally; it was too much like eating a Big League Chew wad of shredded pork.  The pickled veggies were great.My dining partners ordered the gnocchi and the Graze burger.Side note:  It would be nice if there was a way to tell by looking at the menu exactly where the food is coming from.  Are the mussels actually local?The reviews about the noise level in this restaurant are accurate.  We had to leave eventually in order to hear each other talk.  I do not think the Graze/L'etoile comparison is necessarily a fair one.  I had one of the most amazing meals of my life at L'etoile and Graze has a totally different menu and technique.Lastly, I wish there was an easy way to let Graze know that their domain name is missing the letter "E" when you search for them on Google.  Drives me nuts. ;-)
2	Its gone downhill in my book.  Last few times there the menu has been less ambitious (read: no marrow) and the entrees have been very overpriced for what they are.  The cheese plate was terrible (a travesty). The staff just doesn't seem to care as much anymore.  Perhaps their popularity has allowed them to rest on their laurels.  I probably won't be back anytime soon (and I was an early defender of this place).
3	Sometimes, one tires of Graze's frou frou - and there's a lot of it on the menu at this restaurant, too much in my opinion. There's something to be said for a simple meal without all the hoopla. Good ingredients, which Graze does have and plenty of it, make for a good meal - it really doesn't need to be frou-frou-ed. And the afogado, the Italian desert consisting of a scoop of vanilla ice cream with a shot of espresso, is perfect just like that - with the scoop of vanilla ice cream and the single shot of espresso. One can taste the coffee and the vanilla and they go perfectly together, as coffee would with something plain and creamy. Graze's version always has to have a scoop of flavored ice cream that doesn't necessarily go with the flavor of the espresso. Last night, it was a scoop of chocolate ice cream heavily spiced with cayene pepper that my mouth burned. Cayene pepper does not go well with coffee. It gave me a stomache ache. This another example of an item on the menu that is perfect in its original form - the vanilla ice cream with espresso. There is no need to "frou four" it up a bit with different flavors of ice cream, because vanilla goes best with coffee, and it tastes the best. In addition, it's a single shot of espresso - the ice cream is supposed to be peaking above the espresso, like an island in a lake, not drowning in the espresso.I just wish they'd stick to basics and keep it simple - because sometimes, that is the best way to go, and sometimes, that is all you want - a plain simple meal where all the ingredients go well together and are not competing with each other on your taste palate. Please, no more frou frou. The ingredients do speak for themselves, and don't need any help.As Leonardo da Vinci has quoted, "Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication."
3	gosh, i was so excited to try this place and was rooting to go here since the beginning of our 3 day weekend in madison.  i'm sad to be as disappointed as i am.we had sunday brunch, and despite having MANY open tables there was still a 25 minute wait.  i'm sure it's because they didn't have the staff, but could have seated us anyway and gave us a heads up.  once we were seated, our waitress was friendly however and not pretentious (which i could see happening in this restaurant).i'm sad with what their brunch menu had to offer because there were SO many delicious looking options from both their lunch and dinner menus that didn't seem to make the brunch menu cut.  too bad.  i had the beet salad, which was beets, seasonal fruit (raspberry), fresh greens, and goat's milk yogurt.  i'm sad to say the flavors didn't mingle well together, and the yogurt made it so liquidy it was just.. yuck.  don't get me wrong, everything was a very good quality and i'm sure this would have been yummy to others, but for me it just didn't please the palate.the redemption here: cheap but good beers and many of them, nice variety of cocktails, the cheese curds, and the fact that they try to use as much local produce/meats/cheeses as possible - as well as the environment (huge open area, bright and sunny).
2	seriously over-rated.
4	The food is excellent by bar food standards and they have some unique items. Most people would never think to order popcorn as an appetizer, but they make theirs with truffle oil and it's incredible! They also have great sandwiches, including one made with a duck liver pate that is very good if you like pate. The environment is very sheik. My one minor complaint is that the seating isn't very comfortable, but I still highly recommend checking this place out.
5	Went here for the first time when my parents came in to visit for the weekend. We had originally planned to go to the Old Fashioned because I'd heard so much about it, but the wait was over 1.5 hours! We all LOVED Graze. My parents are really picky about loud places, and we found this place to be not loud at all. I've read some other reviews complaining about the noise and it makes me wonder if we were in the same restaurant? We had an easy 30 minute wait, during which time we sat at the bar and conversed with the bartenders over wine and their homemade bread basket ($4). My mom was super impressed with the bartender, who seemed to notice that she has been deciding between some red wine and their seasonal punch, and brought her a generous sample of their punch on the house. The entrees that we got were the mac and cheese with pork ($12), pork3 ($22), and trout (maybe $18? can't remember). We had nothing but praise for all of these! They were all fantastic and we were very impressed. The food being from local farms only added to the experience. Everyone was very friendly and not pretentious.Not sure about the other low reviews on here, but we had  fantastic time. We were glad the Old Fashioned was full so we got to try this place instead.
4	First time at Graze.  The atmosphere is cute.  We sat outside and I ordered a Ginger snap which was really good.  We ordered their fries and it was really good.  I ordered a side of the mac and cheese with pork.  OMG, it was really good and rich with cheese.  I enjoyed it!  The service was kind of slow as they had a big table of 20.  Our waitress apologized for the long wait and also gave us a discount on our bill.  I will come back here again  when I am in town!
4	Food is great, the ambiance is excellent.
3	I can't say anything was bad. I am a fan of  L'Etoile. I just think it isn't better than other similar places downtown like Merchant, Nostrano and the now burned down Underground Kitchen, it just costs more. Not a good value.
4	This was my first time at Graze.  I usually try to stay away from downtown Madison as the businesses are starting to feel more pretentious than industrious.  But this place is truly a gem.  The atmosphere was nice, the decor was inviting, the service was spectacular and the food was good too. I was surprised that the pricing was not too bad and there is genuine effort going into creating an interesting menu with local foods.  Well done.  I will definitely go back.
4	Had my first dinner at Graze last night.  I ordered the Rainbow Trout and my date had the Mac & Cheese with Pulled Pork.  While my fish was delicious, the portion was very small and it didn't do much to fill me up.  I did not feel like it was worth 18$.  In contrast, the mac & cheese was insanely good and was much more hefty.  The cheese (Hook's) was great, and the pulled pork/bread crumbs were a perfect compliment.  The next time I have dinner at Graze I'm definitely going with the mac and cheese.The drinks were fantastic.  We started with some hot seasonal punch, followed up by a glass of their 'on-tap' Syrah, and then a flight of their mead.  The service was excellent as well.  My only complaint would be that the restaurant is fairly small, so some of the tables are placed fairly close together.  As a result, I found myself being forced to listen to the conversation of the table next to me.  This became less and less annoying as alcohol consumption continued.
4	I've been here at least 5 times -- single, sexy dates and big family parties. Overall, there haven't been many negative experiences. It's apparently the Madison new hot spot and any hot spot in Madison can't take reservations, which is awesome!(sarcasm noted) The mixed drinks are as fun and inventive as the building is open and lively. The walls are all glass and gives the otherwise butt-bumping, crowded environment an open feel.  I'd give this place 5 stars just off the waffles and chicken with maples syrup and spiced butter, but they could have improvements in other areas. The other dishes, such as the burger, have been inconsistent. At one time my burger was cooked excellent(medium well please) and at other times I think the chef mistook my burger for seared tuna. The bahn-mi sandwich should just be erased off not just the menu, but the face of the planet. The only thing the bahn-mi sandwich adds to this restaurant is a fun read on the menu. I have four words for you and you can't go wrong with Graze -- small party and chicken and waffles. Enjoy a taste of pseudo-big-city cuisine Madisonites!PS: if you wander out of Wisconsin this would be a low-priced restaurant
3	A few weeks ago, I got the eggs benedict at Graze and my eggs left a waxy, gross feeling in my mouth. :( I enjoyed my breakfast at Denny's more yesterday -- isn't that saying  a lot?Sad. Where are the good restaurants in Madison??
5	Food can be pricey.  The beer is a good price and always fresh.
5	I have eaten brunch and lunch at Graze a few times and found the food to be pretty ordinary, nothing very special.  Last evening, I ate dinner there during restaurant week with my husband and friend and we had a first rate meal for the price of $25.  Between the three of us, we sampled all but two dishes on the menu of options: 3 choices each on the appetizer, entree and dessert lists.  Everything selected was very tasty, well-presented and had great flavor.  Standouts included the BBQ rib and cod cake appetizers and all three entrees.  The apple crisp dessert could have been improved with less sugar but it was still very good.  Service was efficient and un-obtrusive.
4	I'm surprised that Graze doesn't have higher ratings! I loved that the ambiance was casual but at the same time slightly up-scale (perhaps it was just the dimly lit dining area) - but I could definitely see myself there unwinding after a long work week with a drink and a burger and not feel awkward dressed in business casual. I have to say that I was very impressed by the menu and the whole concept of "eating local" - or maybe it's just because I am a Californian girl and I am impressed by anything Mid-Western that reminds me of the golden state (I really do love Wisconsin though, I promise!) Anyway...I'm not usually a big fan of cheese, but I found the cheese curds quite delicious, and not bland as other reviewers may have mentioned.  But I guess I've never had fried cheese curds before Graze, so I can't really compare. I'm just really glad that these ones were fried and did not squeak against my teeth. Besides the fried cheese curds, I also tried the veggie Pub Burger. The patty was a little dry for my taste and kept crumbling as I tried to eat it with a fork and knife, but otherwise it was a good effort. I have to say that my favorite part of the meal was the fries. Nicely seasoned, and deep-fried to perfection. Yum! :9
4	So far, the best casual dining experience in Madison. I loved the sustainable, locally obtained ingredients and creative reimaginings of traditional favorites. When you can make a meal out a pub pretzel, you know you have struck gold.
4	Is the $24 hamburger worth it?Yes. Yes it is.
4	Okay, let me start by saying my review is going to be atypical.  We went to Graze for the Frozen Assets benefit party for Clean Lakes Alliance.  The entire restaurant was transformed to host this large themed event.  The ambiance was quite fun.  Graze catered the event and the hors dourves were very tasty.The place was absolutely packed!  From everyone we talked to, people really enjoyed the venue and GRAZE was a very nice host/location for this party.
5	One of my favorite Madison restaurants.  Excellent local Wisconsin food with a new twist, fair prices, good service.
2	We took a friend out to celebrate her birthday, which we mentioned to our waiter. We waited 25-30 minutes for our order to arrive, with no bread basket to nibble on while waiting & starving. Bread costs an extra 5.00 (approx)! When food finally arrived, my Mussels were in an abundance of delicious sauce, but no bread or rice to soak it up. Instead, French Fries, which although delicious, did nothing to soak up the cup of sauce. My husband ordered a rare burger, which came only slightly pink, not rare. The chocolate cake came without a birthday candle or song & was not given as a gift, as most every restaurant  does. Chintzy right down the line.... Almost impossible to hear/be heard without pantomiming & yelling over the constant loud background din.Decor gorgeous though, & our waiter friendly & knowledgeable...
4	I came here on a weekday afternoon with my cousin and a friend for a light lunch. The floor to ceiling windows give you a great view of the capitol building and the cocktail list is lovely - we were able to try a few things we've never thought of before! The menu is limited but eclectic; great for small taster plates with few substantial options. Our waiter was patient and attentive and the vibe of the place is overall pretty great. If you're very hungry I'd save this place for later, but if you want to chill out and try their cheese plate, make a trip. I believe there's also a bakery here (?) or at least affiliated.
4	This was my first Gastropub and I was excited. The food was good and the service was excellent. Thank you Graze for making my experience in Madison so memorable.
2	I go to this place because of the atmosphere - not the food.  The windows and view of the capitol are wonderful and I love the setting.  But the food is meh.  Most recently I ordered the pub burger with the veggie patty instead of the meat.  It was a patty with wild rice, Bulgar, etc but I don't think there was a single veggie.  The "veggie" burger itself had no taste - it just relied on the pickles, sauce, etc.  I expected more from a place like Graze.  I've been there a few other times and each time I have been "undewhelmed."  It looks fancy but I'm not impressed.One other note - I ordered a root beer with my meal.  Looked at the label and discovered it had high fructose corn syrup.  Really?  For a place touting the local-ness of the food, I would expected them to pick a root beer with more natural ingredients.  Very disappointed in that.
5	What a fantastic dining experience!Graze caters my company's annual anniversary dinner so we had a pretty good experience with them about a year ago.  After seeing that our normal brunch was overloaded, we wandered downtown Madison and wandered into Graze.  This place is joining our restaurant rotation.Everything here is local and they list the farmers and local organic places they support with the food that they're producing.  The results are really delicious foods that surprisingly won't break the bank.  I had the Ramen noodle bowl and my girlfriend had the Nutella stuffed French Toast.  Both were really, really good.  Graze additionally has lemonade that is flavored with a seasonal fruit (in our case, Plum).  This was also delicious.What really took the cake was the vodka battered cheese curds.  Amazing.  Probably now my favorite cheese curds ever.  The housemade dill ranch they serve with it was out of this world.  So far I've used yelp to highlight the best and the worst places only.  If I could extra star highlight Graze, I would.
3	Came here for lunch with a friend on a Thursday.  The food was really good.  I got a turkey sandwich, which had really great flavor.  Unfortunately this place gets only 3 stars from me due to service.  The waitress came to our table and didn't even look at me.  I'm not sure why she did this since most waitresses look at each member of the party and lets them decide who wants to order first.  So my friend ordered and then I ordered, asking specifically for no tomatoes.  I repeated it 2-3 times to make sure she heard me.  Sandwiches came out and mine had huge tomatoes on them so I had to take them out.  It's not that I'm allergic or anything, but I just don't prefer them and I would rather not waste them by having to pick them out of my sandwich.  The waitress did not come back AT ALL to see how we were doing.  My soda ran out about halfway through the meal and she did not come by until at least 3/4 of the way through the meal, asking if I'd like a refill.  So I said yes, and didn't receive the soda until we were paying the bill.  The whole time she was setting tables nearby us as if I had not asked for a refill at all.  I don't mind if it takes a bit longer if the place is crazy packed and busy, but by that time, the lunch rush had been over and there were no additional diners waiting to be seated.  She was just kind of snobby, in my opinion.  Maybe because I looked like I didn't have a lot of money?  I don't know.  I'd like to give this place a shot again; I just hope we get better service next time!
4	Clean, bright, casual, sophisticated.Graze offers a great view of The Capitol.  It features local farmers and pays close attention to detail.The food was excellent.  Beautifully presented and approachable.  I got the Trout - and the only complaint I'll give is that it almost was too flavorful!  You know what I mean?  I think there's a fine line between being bland and overly seasoned.  And well - there was just a lot of flavor goin' on!The have a thoughtful beer/wine list featuring local brewers and wineries alike and a creative cocktail list.I would love to come back here for brunch - or even for a romantic dinner.  So glad to have found Graze!
4	On a recent business trip to Madison, we stayed at the Hilton by Monona Terrace. We asked the concierge about some good places to eat, and he suggested Graze for brunch. He was enthusiastic about it, so we figured we'd give it a try, and we were not at all disappointed!We had about a 5 minute wait on a Sunday around 11 am, so I checked out the map they have in the waiting area. It's a map of the state and has pins for every farm they get their ingredients from (the list is also on the back of the menu). We were seated at a table right in front of the floor-to-ceiling glass windows facing the Capitol. It was an absolutely beautiful day out, and very bright. As soon as we sat down, our waiter adjusted the shades so we didn't have to wear our sunglasses while we were eating. My boss had already had breakfast at the hotel, so he ordered a cheese plate and said the waiter could choose what cheeses to serve. I ordered the nutella stuffed french toast, which was served with almonds and cherries. I was in heaven with my meal. They aren't large portions, but it was the perfect size and the flavors were simply amazing.I don't anticipate another trip to Madison for a while, but if I ever come back, I'm making a beeline for this place.
4	One of the only places in town that I like.  Great design, food and service.
4	I love bringing visitors to Graze! The wall-to-wall glass windows create a stunning view regardless of where you are sitting. The vibe is open and trendy, so it's a popular pick for special occasion dinners or drinks before a night out.The menu is full of fresh, locally-grown ingredients and the combinations are unique - where else in Madison can you find crawfish beignets, bibimbap, and fried chicken and waffle on the same (ever-evolving) menu?To start off, inquire about the seasonal punch. I've never been disappointed with this beverage, even though it changes nearly every time I visit. Favorite appetizers include the cheese curds, soft pretzel, and fries (this pick is made by the heavenly garlic aioli).For staple Graze dishes, try the Pub Burger, Graze Burger, or Moules Frites (mussels). The seasonally-inspired dishes often include a seafood option, tofu selection, and some type of gnocchi, garnished with vegetables and vinaigrettes.You also can't go wrong with any of the dessert options - Cookies and Milk, root beer float, or affogado (house-made custard in hot espresso) to name just a few sweet options.One thing to note: Graze does not take reservations, so plan to arrive early or at non-peak times for large groups. The staff are very accommodating and will take your number so you can walk around the Capitol/have a drink while you're waiting for a table.
4	Great for "grazing" and sharing plates with friends tapas style. Great location. Entrees selection is small
5	Very few places get 5 stars from me, but I could find absolutely nothing wrong with this place.  They had a drink special of Rhubarb puree with simple syrup, gin, vodka and lemon. It was really good and refreshing.  We had an order of deep fried pickles, that were the best I have ever eaten.  For dinner I had the lake perch, and again some of the best.  Our waitress was perfect...attentive, but not overbearing.  Unfortunately, we were too full for dessert.  Can't wait to go back!
3	I was very excited to have lunch at Graze. The ambiance is very upbeat, casual, yet upscale. For an appetizer I shared cheese curds with my friend. they were extremely good and represented Wisconsin pretty well. The dill sauce dip was flavorful and had a good bite to it. As an entree I had the Graze Burger, and although the meat was juicy and tender, the burger itself was a little boring. It really was a burger topped with some caramelized onions. Nothing too special.  I also tried the cream soda. I sort of had the perception that it would be the retro rad cream soda that I remember drinking when I was a kid, but instead it seemed like soda mixed in with vanilla ice cream. Super sweet and not good to wash down your food. It was more like a dessert. I will go to Graze again, but I will probably order something else along the lines of a pork schnitzel or some sort of fish.
5	Awesome seasonal selection of funky food, crawfish beignets- yes please! Great drink and wine selection.  Service was outstanding.  Lots of outside seating that offers a great view of the square. Recommened!!
4	Let me begin by saying that I love when I get the chance to visit Madison, and I love the fact that there are restaurants right next to the capital building.  Its just great! Anyways, I came here with a friend of mine who lives in the area and she had been telling me that I needed to come here for a while.  When we arrived it was about 7:30 pm and we were quoted about a thirty minute wait, not bad since it was dinner time and it was very busy.  We ended up waiting about 45 minutes and were giving into the idea of finally grabbing an open seat at the bar when we were called for a table.  We were seated and the host was very pleasant, and was able to grab my friend their gluten-free version of the menu.  Shortly after being seated our server came over and introduced herself, she was very nice and when I asked a question about one of the beers, she was very knowledgeable and I ended up trying the Spotted Cow which I really liked.  The restaurant serves complimentary bread with your meal, and can even substitute it for gluten-free bread if need be.  As for the meal, my friend and I both ordered the pub burger (hers with the gluten-free bread) which came with fries and aioli on the side.  The food did not take long at all to arrive and looked very good.  The burger was great!  I really enjoyed it, and the fries were tasty with the aioli.  The aspect of Graze which I really like is that it shops from local farmers and serves local Wisconsin beers and other items.  They even had a sign which showcased one of the local farmers.  The overall experience was a good one, though I will be grabbing a seat at the bar next time if there is a wait.  I would definitely visit Graze again in the future.
3	I liked Graze, I was not as blown away by it as I had expected which was a little disappointing.  Don't get me wrong, I liked it and would say it is worth the trip!  I do like the focus on supporting local farmers because that is important to me -  the overt way it is advertised in the restaurant is another factor that leads me to believe that Madison is the inspiration for Portlandia and not actually Portland.  Sorry for the sidetrack.....back to Graze.  I moved to Madison from Chicago, and found that Graze's menu reminded me of "some restaurants that I used to know.".  The menu was a lot like Hearty (where my boyfriend used to work) and I ordered the Steamed Mussels because it seemed similar to the mussels at Hopleaf.  I had orderer's remorse on that one, not because they were not good(they were no Hopleaf mussels), but because I felt like they would have been better as a starter course and not my entree.  wish I could remember what cocktail I had because it was delicious!   We tried the Crawfish Beignets - fabulous.  My boyfriend got the burger which was also great. The service was friendly and the ambiance nice - no complaints there!  I am interested to try their brunch menu - overall, I would say give Graze a try!
2	Disappointing.  Drove over from Milwaukee with out of town guests, were looking for a delicious Madison brunch.  I guess we should have gone elsewhere...Were quoted 30 minutes wait, which ended up being 45.  We were all starving, so we had memorized the (nothing special) menu by the time we were finally seated- after one of my friends questioned the wait when there were empty tables everywhere.  Nothing on the menu appealed to me, so I asked if there were any specials.  The waiter says, " well...the only thing that's not on the menu is a 3 scrambled egg thing, kind of like our version of an omelette, but 3 scrambled eggs with some potatoes and greens..."  Fine.  Ill have that.  Half of the things my friends ordered they were out of, by the way.  I understand the farm to table concept and limited quantities, but come on.  Please have something edible to serve if you're going to make us wait an hour for it.     20 minutes later, everyone elses drinks came, but not my simple draft beer- that came another 10 minutes later.  30 minutes for a beer?  That's should have been a sign for how long the food would take....  When we finally had food in front of us- 2 hours after arriving- the "3 egg thing" actually WAS an omelette, with veggies, goat cheese and more like 1 1/4 eggs.  It was good, but deserved a more accurate description.  I was still hungry after cleaning the plate.  My friend's benedict included poached eggs that were actually hard boiled- a sin on a benedict.  The rest of the food was mediocre/ cold.   Not worth the wait or cost.
4	Brunch with a view of the farmers market and the capital. Very nice stuff. The fresh berries on my pancakes had come from said market just moments before. Real maple of course (but a bit light in syrup size serving -- not a good year for syrup though I'm afraid). And the spicy compound butter was a real treat. Get there early on market day!
2	graze puts on a great act of being an upscale representation of madison's food, but unfortunately the food is completely mediocre. if you want to grab wisconsin food by the balls for prices that are impressive, go to the old fashioned because graze is all about their facade and honestly their food to anyone actually looking at it instead of looking at the friend's faces they brought there will know in an instant that its just...simply nothing special. can't fight it when its staring you in the face.
5	***CASUAL RESTAURANT WITH UNIQUE, ORGANIC AND LOCAL OPTIONS***I recently came here for brunch on a Saturday morning for a client meeting.  Even with the Farmer's Market going on the Square, the wait was only about ten minutes at 11:00 a.m.This restaurant is relatively new, and was opened by the owners of nearby L'Etoile.  You will notice the French influence on the menu. The hostess will take down your number and give you a call when your table is ready.  We tried beignets and fresh fruit.  I also ordered the Bagel and Lox dish.  The everything bagel was toasted perfectly, and the cream cheese was on the side, so I can decide how much to use.  The dish came with a properly sized serving of delicious smoked salmon and fresh dill.  A definite must-try! The OJ is truly fresh.  You will know it when you try it.  I would highly recommend trying this restaurant.
4	I went again for dinner. I enjoyed my local-fruit cocktail, veggie burger, and the deviled eggs. (However, why does somewhere like this -- that seems like an innovative place that loves it veggies, only have a veggie burger as an option? Oh wow, haven't seen THAT before) Waitress was nice. The atmosphere is still pretty spectacular.
5	This was one of the best meals I've had in Madison!  I went to school there so coming back 5 years later I went to some old favorites but decided to try somewhere new as well and was very impressed with it here. To start I had the seasonal punch which was peach flavored and absolutely delicious. My boyfriend and I split the graze burger and the mac and cheese with pulled pork, both of which were stellar! The atmosphere of the place and the view of the Capitol wasn't too shabby either!  Will definitely be making this place a must-go next time I'm in town.
5	Awesome place. I saw this place on a general TV program called Wisconsin Foodie and I was excited to try this place.  The food was great. The cheese platter was awesome, and the baked mac and cheese was fantastic. The aioli was the best I have ever had. I would recomment this place 100%.
1	Used to love this place.  The summer drink menu is disappointing and the service last time was lacking.  We went there for happy hour, and found out that we could only use our chip (Buy 1, Get 1 tap beers/wine) before 6 p.m.   It would have been nice if someone would have told us that, esp. since we went there only for happy hour.  This used to be the place to go for us (as a young mod place) with drinks that were $8-12 and well worth it.  After our last trip there, I am not sure we will be back.  Two drinks and an appetizer and our bill was nearly $40.  We are happy to pay that if the service is good and the menu has good selections.  This place is going to go under if they don't fix something.
5	I was in town for a conference, and found myself here...Oh, this itched the right spot on my stomach-heart!But first... avoid the regular burger. Because it's good. But honestly... the english muffin bun is lacking. And then you will also try your friend's GRAZE burger... and nothing will be the same! This is what happened to me!THE GRAZE BURGER IS AMAZING. it tastes LIKE A FREAKING STEAK, but in juicy burger, sandwhiched form! oh MAN it was like I could TASTE the cow in this burger. Also, I was on a fried cheese curd kick. And definitely the BEST fried cheese curd I've had in downtown madison!Beer selection here is excellent too!
5	My new favorite restaurant in Madison, WI. I am all about eating local and this place blows any self proclaimed local feeding trough out of the water. The ambience of the place is incredible; very minimal yet intriguing and warm. When it gets dark the view of the capital is spectacular and a real gem. The service was great and the staff was formal enough and very modern. I didn't mind paying a bit more for my bill because the food was absolutely perfect and I appreciate them supporting local farms in Wisconsin--especially in this crazy drought. The craft cocktail menu makes it hard to have just one! Also, the local beers on tap really gives it a down home Wisconsin feel. The only complaint I have is if you have to wait, they call your phone when your table is ready. However, if you do not have service or do not hear it you may be out of luck. I've always been a fan of a buzzer but I suppose that technology may be a bit tacky for the feel they are going for. If you're looking for a modern, fresh and flawless meal be sure to visit Graze.
4	happy to upgrade my rating!  we stopped by for some drinks and apps.  i was very happy with the cheese curds and we had a seasonal heirloom tomato with stuffed squash blossom appetizer.. the latter was just fabulous.  so fresh and the seasoning was perfect.  i wish i could eat it again and again.aaaannndd... again i had another lovely meal.  yummy tofu scramble, though the bloody mary was a bit too far on the horseradishy side.   the cheesecurds didn't fail to disappoint, once again..
4	Very good food and great location, but the prices were a little high for pub food. I understand that the food is farm fresh, but it is still a little pricey for what you are getting. However, the food was delicious and you could see the link between them and LEtoile. The service was just okay and could have been a little faster/attentive. All in all, great food, great atmosphere and great time.
2	I was very disappointed after my first visit to the Graze and I doubt I will be back. Some friends of ours were in town from Milwaukee and we meeted them at the Graze for brunch. After being seated we noticed we had dirty water glasses and requested new ones. Our waiter appeared as though he had just rolled out of bed and seemed like he was high or something...so the service we received was not good and his unprofessional appearance was not very appetizing. We then proceeded to wait almost an hour and a half to receive our food. Some of the tables surrounding us received some beignets on the house to apologize for the long wait, however, we were not one of them. Instead our waiter offered few apologies and kept bringing us more coffee in more dirty cups. We ordered the cheese platter to share amongst the four of us and our waiter never brought us plates so we akwardly tried to eat it right off of the platter. Not to mention the portion was minute. I got the lox on a bagel and it was downright disappointing. The bagel was neither toasted nor fresh, it was stale. And the amount of lax wasn't even enough to cover one half of the bagel. Again for the price you pay at the Graze so not worth it. It is a shame because this place has a great location and appears to be a nice restaurant, however, dirty dishes, minute portions, the long wait and unprofessional waiters do not make me want to go back or recommend this place to others.
5	Amazing. Go there. You'll never forget it.Whether you're a local or a visitor---it's not to be missed. We go every chance we get! The gnocchi is delicious but I've never had anything that was bad (I'll admit I almost vomited while trying the bone marrow but it had nothing to do with how it was cooked ;-)
3	Me and my girlfriend stopped by for brunch today...finally. I really wanted to find a five star breakfast downtown but the search continues. I had the corned beef hash. As others have commented, it is rather uninspired. There were a few bites tucked away in there that had potential but overall it was mostly potatoes and the size did not warrant the price. The eggs were cooked perfectly though. I have to admit, it is hard for me to go to a restaurant with corned beef hash on the menu and not order it. Don't get me wrong, this hash is good but much like other things on the menu it is not worth the price tag. Girlfriend had the kielbasa and again the eggs were great and the apple and potato hash they were sitting on was great. However, the dishes namesake seemed to just be plopped there on the plate, slightly undercooked, and not really important to the dish at all. The bread was spectacular and I want to figure out where they get it from so I can just buy that. I will go back to Graze, and hope that next time I can give it at least a 4. Increase the portions, it would be a 4. Decrease the price, it would get a 4. But as it stands this food does not live up to the price tag and was disappointing. Is it Graze's fault I had such high expectations? Yes, because they charge 12 dollars for a weak piece of kielbasa and a few potatoes. Lame.
4	Headed in for an early dinner with our 7-month-old in tow.  They were offering a limited menu at that time, which was more than fine with us.  After a too long dinner the night before it allowed us to give Graze a whirl without subjecting our daughter to another two hour dinner.  Service was nice, without being overly the top friendly - more of the down-to-earth level of friendly, which was nice and how I prefer service to be.  They very kindly parked our stroller for us and presented us with a very clean high chair - which, let me tell you, is a bit of a rarity.  I didn't have to wipe this one down before we placed our daughter in.  We had a carb filled food fest here.  We started with the pretzel - delicious!  Loved the mustards (especially the tarragon and horseradish)  and the brick cheese spread was lovely.  We also went with a cheese plate and I was pleased with them all.  The walnut bread was quite nice and the compote was tasty.  We both went with the Pub Burger and were very impressed.  I love a burger with a little garden of loveliness on top, however, most places I have to pick off a not-yet-ripe tomato, or not-so-crisp onions or soggy lettuce.  I'm a bit of a pain in the ass when it comes to topping my burger - the ingredients must be perfect.  Theirs were complete and total perfection.  The only minor issue was my English muffin was a bit too soggy, but otherwise, it was delicious.  It was cooked perfectly medium rare and was the perfect size 1/4lb patty.  Delicious, not obnoxious and huge.  The portion of fries with a side of garlic aioli was enormous and tasty.  Truly, a great meal was had here!  I was nervous about bringing our daughter - but was touched by the fact that her presence was no big deal at all.  So, if you have kids and they're well behaved or you're good about being on top of their happiness while dining and are mindful of fellow diners - go ahead and bring them here.   We look forward to dining at Graze again!
4	Went for brunch with family.  Great view of the capital.  Friendly and attentive staff working in modern architectural space.  Had the pub burger with fries done perfectly. Wife had Beet salad which was fresh and flavorful.  Would've five starred but they ran out of begnets.
3	I want to begin by saying  the food and the view of the capital were amazing.  We only had a few appetizers, but they all came out hot and delicious.  Don't overlook their popcorn.  It was served in a large portion with plenty of delicious SarVecchio cheese and truffle oil.  Yum.  We also had the cheese curds, which in some establishments can be boring and predictable.  Not here.  The breading was amazing, and the cheese was top notch.  We had a few incredibly friendly and helpful male bartenders.  Unfortunately, they left about half way through our visit, and were replaced by a horribly rude female bartender.  She cut me off abruptly, rolled her eyes, and sighed impatiently when I couldn't pronounce one of their beers (Ouisconsing?  Sorry, I didn't instantly get that one!)   She is the only reason I am taking away stars on the review, because the other bartenders were so amazing...someone has to get that woman a quaalude before the next dinner service!Excellent bottle and draft beer menu, and their tap house wine was surprisingly high quality. The appetizers were plentifully portioned, and MOST of their servers were top-notch.  Here goes my rant:I am not taking away stars on this review because of the positive stories I have heard from many friends who enjoy coming here regularly.  I think my experience may have been singular.  We sat at the bar and had a few drinks with our apps.    Unfortunately, a woman felt it would be appropriate to bring her sons to the bar to squeeze into the only open seat next to us, one an infant and one maybe 5,   Okay...  After her infant son nearly knocked over my wine and grabbed my silverware twice, I politely moved my things over about a foot, crowding our own area to avoid a disaster.  Next, her 5 year old son squeezed in between my knees and the bar, kicking my hanging purse with a rhythmic motion.  I quickly unhooked it and put it in my lap.  All the while, I could still feel his hair on my legs and an occasional bumping of his elbow.  OKAY... She finally left, without a word of apology, not even an apologetic smile. That's my rant on that particular subject.  I think it is perfectly okay to bring your children to any establishment you like, as long as you are able to control them and not hinder anyone else's dining experience.  End of story.
5	Went for brunch and was quite pleased with the food and service. I was happy to find vegetarian options, despite advertising themselves as a free-range meat restaurant. The beet salad for brunch is awesome; sounds weird but is really tasty!
4	I love graze. I love their organic farming approach. I love their wine and local beer list. I love their seasonal menus. I just wish they had a few more items on the menu to pick from. Very good food and lovely ambiance with the tall wines overlooking the state house. Don't invest all of your hard work into your sister restaurant (L'ettoit) and forget about Graze folks! You have a very good thing going on with both!
5	Love how they use local ingredients.Was a little disappointed in the House Pickles. Was somewhat mild in flavors more so in the kimchee. The Pork buns were mouth watering. Soft bun, crisp/juicy meat and condiments made it come together. The mac and cheese my look small but it is filling. The Bibimbap was excellent with the crisp rice, spicy gochujang and you can't go wrong with a sunny side egg on top.
4	Went here last weekend while in Madision for dinner.  The food was terrific and the waitress was too.  Love me some bone marrow with a nice IPA.
4	Wasn't extremely impressed with all the food that I've tried here but truthfully I like the experience of dining here again to make me keep on coming back. Love the ambiance, the waiters are always super nice and the cappuccino is the best I've had in Madison. This place just has that "thing" that appeals to me. Food - some of it is a bit perplexing. For example the kielbasa. Don't know how they came up with this dish. You'd think that the actual sausage would be the center of the dish, but instead it's forgotten on the sidelines next to the eggs, bread and potatoes (by the way the bread is so good, we asked for jam to eat with it.) The waffles and chicken had the taste pretty spot on...but the waffle is SO THIN that by the time it reaches your table it's basically lukewarm. Corned beef and hash seemed a bit too small.On the delicious and not disappointing side: pork bun, cookies and milk, deviled eggs. So...hopefully more things will keep on jumping on this list.
3	Debated whether or not to try this place while in Madison on business...  Met some new friends the night before and they suggested I go to Graze for breakfast.First of all, it is beautiful & has wonderful views of the capital!  The interiors are beautiful!  Wooden floors & high, painted ceilings! I went in and was confused on how they handled breakfast patrons.  So, I went to the bar & they said they would take my order.  I ordered a diet coke (although their bloody mary's looked amazing!) and a breakfast croissant.  I hung around, waiting to see if I needed to pay then & there.  They took my payment & then a few minutes later, they told me to take a seat & they would deliver.  So, I took my coke & sat down.  The coke was very flat & asked for a replacement.  They didn't replace it until after I paid & was ready to leave.  I asked if I could get it to go.  They game me a new one in a small cup, which was disappointing.  I didn't go for the coke, but service is important.  My sandwich was amazing- Wisconsin cheddar makes everythng taste better.Befor my departure, I tried to use the rest room.  Granted, it was about 8:30 in the morning & they were discusting.  I went to the one on the main level then needed to try the upstairs rest rooms because it was so dirty.  First stall was horrible, so settled on second.  Cleanliness of facilities is very important to me.No doubt in my mind that everything on the menu is amazing- you can just tell.  It was just obvious that when I was there, other priorities were more important.I would return.
4	(3.5) ~ Good Overall Food & Service
3	Like many, I was not blown away by Graze but the food was good. I had the mussels and my partner the Graze burger. It was definitely worth the trip, although I might not be back right away.
5	Oh Graze.Graze, Graze, Graze, Graze, Graze. When we met, I was certain I was going to like you. I needed to have brunch, cocktails, dinner then lunch, cocktails, cocktails and cocktails, but I was pretty certain after my first trip we'd be close. And we are. I love the space; modern, but not annoyingly so. I love the situation behind the bar; boozy drinks that are "spirit forward" (heeeeey Tom). Bevies please those with a hankering for sweet or spicy and they don't cost an arm and a leg. (I mentioned they're boozy, yes?) Oh, and the food I've had their has been ta-heh-sty.Burger = YUM. YUM. Perfectly cooked, hard to find... I find in Madison. Corned Beef Hash = Hash yeah!Fish Fry = Panko? Yes, please. Chicken Skewers = Perfecto!Anything on the cocktail menu! Anything.Fried Pickles = Huuuuuuuuge deliciously breaded fried bits of joy. Service is always awesome. ALWAYS. And although it can be a little while for a table at din-din, staff is super nice about keeping you informed re: the wait sich. I'm going to miss sitting outside on the patio while it's cold, it's lovely out there.
5	Came here for lunch on our roadtrip and I'm so glad we stopped. First of all, its totally our kind of place - locally sourced foods, (they have a map of WI when you walk in with pins in each place their food comes from), lots of unique flavor combinations, and just good ingredients. We started with the fried pickles (had to) - lightly battered crunchy spears of goodness. Then CB had the burger with cheese curds. It was our first time partaking in the cheese curds, and it was so worth the calories. The batter had vodka in it (I think?) which made it light and crisy, and the cheese was perfectly melty, but not so stringy you couldn't eat it. I had the walnut and beet veggie burger, which later someone said had been featured on the Food Network at some point. If that's true, I can see why. It had a very meaty, dense texture, but a delicious, light flavor. I don't think I could describe how it actually tasted, so just take my word for it, and order it. The green salad that came with it was quite possibly one of the best salads I have ever had in my entire life. The dressing was fantastic. Sigh. Now I want one...
4	Some coworkers and I went to Graze for lunch. I like that their menu isnt' too long, they have specials which sound delicious, and you know the food is coming from farms in WI. The food is fresh and taste delicious. I got the Greek Chicken Sandwich...simple but tasty. I got the fries, which were a little boring and very fried (next time I'll opt for the mixed greens). I'd go back again.
3	I considered only rating 2 stars just to offset how overrated I think this place is, but I'll stick with the honest 3.I'll start with the positive: The food is generally pretty good. I've had satisfying brunch, lunch, and dinner at Graze. They usually carry a selection of both East and West coast oysters of pretty good freshness and quality.  The interior is clean and modern with floor to ceiling windows that frame the State Capitol building.The service here is mediocre. The host/server handoff is sometimes botched and the waiters are not exactly attentive. Brunch and lunch are the big culprits but I've seen this happen at dinner as well.The cocktails often contain a splash of "surprise" soda water. Whether you prefer cocktails "straight" or lean toward the carbonation, just be aware that the menu doesn't exactly specify so you might wanna ask.Most of the main ingredients are locally sourced... this explains the dearth of options and high prices. A whole page of the menu is devoted to describing which farm a certain vegetable came from . Locally sourced food is a cool concept but at Graze it seems a little preachy and gimicky.
4	Excellent place. The decor is modern with a nice view of the capitol. Nice choices of cocktails and wines by the glass. The staff is efficient and welcoming. A serious effort is made to provide local offerings. The food is really good with interesting flavor combinations. For example I had a trout with chocolate mole mash and it was simply awesome.Will definitely be back when in the area.
4	Graze Restaurant in Madison, WI, is simply amazing!  All local farmer supplied ingredients from sustainable sources. For dinner for three every item ordered had something spectacular about it.   Beautiful glass-walled venue on the Capitol Square across from the Capitol Dome which is quite beautiful lit up at night. If ever in Madison, I highly recommend it.
5	Best French fries I've ever tasted
5	Graze for brunch is fantastic! Locally sourced premium quality ingredients well executed. Had Eggs Benedict which were perfect, great strong flavorful coffee. Service was good, atmosphere was open and sunny, a little loud but not overly. Go early to avoid a wait as they do not take reservations.
3	Super slow service....kinds of ridiculous really how long we waited to order and then to receive our food. It was definitely worth the wait but this would not be my first option when looking for a quick bite, or even a moderately quick bite! (expect to spend at least 2 hours here) We were here for brunch on Saturday and there was about a 15-20 minute wait which went by quick! I got the burger on a biscuit and the salad that came with it was great! I was NOT full after and was disappointed at how small the "burger" was. The BF got the loaded sandwich (i think that's the name) and that was WAY better--we went halfsies so we could try both ;) In the end, don't come starving because there it will be a bit of time before you get your food and order the loaded breakfast sandwich!!!! MMMm Ham ;)
4	I have been to Graze twice to have drinks but didn't eat until last night.  It was delicious! My sister and I were seated right away at 730 on a Saturday night... the lack of the final star is due to our subpar seating; in a corner right by the fire escape.  Still, no problem.  We weren't drinking but I have before and know how tasty the drinks are.  We ordered fried pickles, a cheese plate and bipimbip (a Korean dish).  Our server helped us choose the cheeses; 12 yo Cheddar, bandaged Cheddar, truffle goat and a cheese mix of goat, cow and sheep.  They were all wonderful. My sister like the 12 yo and I couldn't get enough of the mix.  They are reasonably priced and the service was really great.I also love Graze's persistence to deliver locally and organically sourced food.
5	Whether I'm entertaining out-of-towers, I can't decide where to eat or I want some tasty local eats, Graze is my go-to. I've been going to Graze regularly since opening week and I've yet to have a bad meal. Lunch, brunch, dinner, happy hour and everything in-between Graze gets it right. Some standouts lately have been the perch fish fry, eggs benedict (my Madison fave), and the moules frites (be prepared to eat your weight in frites).If you don't like to wait, get there early; Graze is POP-U-LAR.
4	I believe you pay for the ambiance and the atmosphere at the Graze more than you would for the food. It's a lively and super chic place, but also quite busy on most nights. Therefore, service tends to be on the slower end.Parts of their menu changes periodically (I believe it's four times a year?). Most of the appetizers and entrees I've had here were okay. As I mentioned, I liked the ambiance more. However, my favorite item is the Graze Burger. It is absolutely delicious! I've never had such meat fest concoction of a burger other than at the Graze... Can you imagine bacon, sirloin, ribeye, and short ribs with your burger? Well, give your salivating taste buds a rest and pamper them at the Graze.
5	Graze is a diamond in a sea of cheesy, fried spongy roughness. With fresh everything, locally sourced, and well cooked, I couldn't have asked for more. It is a snazzy place and expensive compared to the rest of Madison, yet very affordable for any other major city I've been in. There is often a wait, unless you are willing o sit at re bar. I ate here 4 times in just 13 non consecutive days, it was spectacular. You MUST start with the Parmesan truffle popcorn - it is SO good. It seems like the rest of the menu is very seasonal, and changes often. I had a tomato stack in the summer, seasonal veggies in the early fall. Everything was cooked well and did not feel too heavy. I was disappointed by the pretzel, especially compared to other local places, but the Mac and cheese I had more than made up for it. Even the beet burger was good! I am realizing I might like beers when well done.Ask for the vegetarian menu if you don't want to be lead wrong. Desserts are not too sweet, so I liked them. The salted cookies and ice cream were great and fresh! I miss graze often and though I never want to move to Madison, I sure do like visiting because of Graze!
5	Only good things to say.I went to lunch at Graze today.  I received really nice service unlike what I have read in some other reviews.  My server came by and refilled my water at least three times and offered my date another soda once.We asked for recommendations on the lunch menu.  She suggested the beet and walnut burger, the perch sandwich, as well as the ramen noodle bowl.  We went with her recommendations: beet and walnut burger with the mixed greens and the perch sandwich with fries.  I also had a cup of the soup d'jour - sunchoke with creme.  Everything was sooooo delicious (and I'm not a beet fan), although the sandwiches were a bit messy.People have also commented on the prices.  For what I listed above... our bill was $30.  For quality service, food, and ambiance - sign me up!  I definitely recommend!
4	Simply: really good food and dessert, somewhat generous portions, intriguing drinks, and a bit of a long wait.I'm from Cambridge, MA so I have pretty high standards of food. My friends have been trying to convince me to move to Madison and I think Graze would be a good reason to do so.Graze doesn't take reservations or allow you to put your name in via phone, so we ended up waiting for thirty-plus minutes to be seated. The bar was absolutely crowded with people in the same situation, so we stood in the hall between Graze and L'Etoile. My friends and I were seated at a booth, which was cozy, but still connected to the lively din of the restaurant. The drink menu looked intriguing, but we were saving our alcohol consumption for the next night, so we passed over it. We started with the lamb meatballs and artisan bread spread. I believe bread should be served at restaurants like water, so I always feel ripped off paying for bread. Still, their selection was good and it came with both garlic and herbed butter. The lamb meatballs were moist and stuffed with some mozzarella and came with marinara sauce and thin garlic crostinis. It was amazing.For dinner, I had the moule frites, which was extremely generous in its serving size of fries. The homemade mayo was excellent. I forgot to tell them that I didn't like cilantro, but it was easily avoided. The sauce the mussels were in was good, though the fennel was overwhelming. My friend ordered bibimbap, which was also really good and tasted healthy. It came with a choice of tofu (I think) and ground pork and she chose the latter. And the crispy rice was crispy, as promised. The biggest eater of us all ordered the gnocchi, which had the smallest serving size. It was also delicious and came with other great flavors (sweet potato, balsamic, nuts and goat cheese). Finally, for dessert, we had the cheesecake du jour, which was vanilla with pieces of banana bread, a chocolate crumb crust and chocolate ganache on top with some local whipped cream. It was amazing. Really moist and flavorful and the chocolate didn't overpower the cheesecake. Not a light cheesecake though.The server was very sweet and we didn't wait long between ordering to receive our food and she very graciously split the bill three ways.
3	Well, it's a nice enough space, with gracious service.  And the lemonade was really good.We stopped in for lunch with our little boy in tow.  I had a perch sandwich that was fine, but nothing to write home about.  And seeing how we've moved to Wisconsin for good and all, we decided to sample their cheese curds.  Those were pretty good, and criminally addictive.  And incredibly filling.  A golden crispy batter surrounding delectably melted curds.  Only after you've snarfed down a dozen in rapid succession do you realize how heavy each really is.  Yes, we were cheese curd rookies.I was impressed that they had banh mi on the menu & maybe I'll try it next time.  It's a pleasant restaurant that pays close attention to sourcing its provisions.  Our results, however, didn't knock our socks off.  And the spacious, light & airy dining room certainly gives the lie to those wicked little cheese bombs.
5	In so many ways this place was perfect. We had a group of 5 and we all ordered appetizers and different drinks, dinners, and desserts. It way easier for me to say what we didn't like, rather than what we did, because 95% was awesome. My daughter has a type of bratwurst with cream in it that no one at the table enjoyed, but the other sausages we had, including the meat platter was incredible. I had the trout that was spectacular. The other perfect food I had was some type of pecan pie that words cannot describe how amazing it was. I must also make mention of the service, as I had emailed in advance because I have a son with autism. Although they don't take reservation, they made a note of my need and advised me to arrive as close to opening, which we did (amazingly it was already packed). We had a perfect table near the window and my son couldn't have been happier. The server was also fantastic.
4	Delicious beet burger. A must-try when it's offered on the menu. LOVED my experience here.
4	Graze is a high-class hippie joint and this is not a bad thing at all. My favorite cheese curds used to be from The Old Fashioned but were quickly replaced by Graze's beer battered cheddar cheese curds. Amazing. I highly prefer this place for dinner over brunch and similar to L'Etoile (same owners!) they offer fresh, seasonal ingredients with a farm-to-the-table approach. The gnocchi is particularly good as well as their pulled pork mac n' cheese. Their drinks are good but overpriced. They don't take reservations which sometimes means a long wait for a table but it is worth it.
5	I spent more than an Andrew Jackson on a hamburger.  Please don't tell my father.  That said, the Graze burger is easily worth a Benjamin Franklin.  Easily!  Best...burger...I...have...ever...tasted.Multiple types of meat, ground up into a perfect patty, then expertly cooked to a medium rare loveliness.  The onion compote and the bun are the icing on the cake.Suck it up and spend the money.  The Graze burger beats steaks at most places.  Thank you, Chef Tory.
5	What wonderful place. From the massive windows with the incredible view of the capital building to the high ceilings the atmosphere sets it off. The food is all naturally grown from the state of Wisconsin and makes everything very fresh and tasty. They a short but good beer list and I enjoyed my first Spotted Cow. My friend and I ordered the homemade pickles for an appetizer which was a really interesting surprise and they were incredibly tasting. I also ordered the Graze burger which was so so good. Really enjoyed it. The wait staff was great and helpful and the food was fast. I'm big into the concept of fresh and local grown so I really like this place and it didn't hurt the food was great.
5	Owned by the same people as Le'Toille, these people obviously know what they are doing. More reasonably priced than its neighbor, the dinner and brunch here are fantastic. Possibly my favorite overall restaurant in Madison. You can't go wrong here. Even the drinks are awesome.
4	Place is nice...a little over the top for my liking but nothing bad. Came in on a Thursday night at 7:30 and still needed to wait 35 minutes to be seated. I guess they are always pretty busy. They have a stand menu and one that changes as they use whatever is locally fresh and available. I tried a sausage plate - very good: friend had the trout and said it was amazing.
5	I'm surprised it took me this long to finally eat at Graze.Having been at the top of my list of places to try, we finally went to Graze last night for Restaurant week. For my three course meal, I got the cod cakes, chili-braised pork shoulders and strawberry panna cotta.The cod cakes were probably the weakest part of the meal, though still good. They just weren't flavorful enough for my liking. The olive-sundried tomato relish was a complete surprise though, as normally, I hate olives. Props for making them at least manageable.The chili-braised prok shoulders were definitely one of the best dishes I've had. It came with a hardy amount of food, with the pork resting over a pile of sauteed spinach and cheddar grits, all drenched in lime creme fraiche. The spinach wasn't much to talk about, but the grits and pork were amazing. The cheddar grits were extremely creamy, and you could taste all the flavors soaked in them. The pork was melt-in-your-mouth goodness, with tender pieces of flesh cooked to perfection. My only qualm was that the creme fraiche was a bit too greasy and runny for me. My strawberry panna cotta was just right, with its soft gelatin and the powder sugar dripped on top. It wasn't too sweet, which was just perfect after the heavy entree. Now I'm just dying to go back to try their regular menu.
4	We were in Madison for training. This resturant was recommended by the hotel.  The view at night was amazing.  The capital is directly across the street and makes for a great picture.  The resturant is ultra modern with decor. I had the Graze Burger with gluten free bun. It was great that they did have gluten free choices. The only problem is they saturated the bread with butter.  I wasn't thrilled with the house wine that they try to sell you on. Next time, I will choose a different wine. Service was good. It was a good experience.
4	Service was prompt and courteous. Food was well prepared with great flavor. Large dining areas can accommodate small or larger groups. Very pleased with my experience but not blown away. Food was very good but not amazing. Local sourced ingredients were a nice touch but makes the menu a bit eclectic.
5	I had the Bibimbap for dinner and it was in a word - awesome.  The flavor and freshness was out of this world.  I don't know how they made the rice (I suspect maybe it was deep fried?) but it was super tasty.  Our waitress was perfect.  The appetizer of Pork Buns was also really good.  I will absolutely be dining at Graze again.
5	Loved this place!The boyf and I were in Madison for the weekend and decided to try this place out.  We were a little worried that they don't take reservations (especially after we got into town and realized it was Winter Fest), but the wait was really not long.  When we walked in, there were a lot of people waiting, and the hostess told us it would be about 45 minutes.  It was really only about 25 minutes.  In the meantime, we grabbed a couple beers from the bar.  It took a while to order them, but the bartenders were working their asses off, so I'm not going to criticize them on that front.  Our waiter was totally friendly and calm despite how busy the restaurant was.  To start, we ordered the artisan bread basket and half a dozen oysters.  The breads were sooo gooood.  A couple crusty rolls, a piece of rosemary focaccia, and what I think was a small brioche.  All were hot and delicious, and they came with both an herb butter and a garlic butter.  I didn't have any of the oysters, but the boyf enjoyed them.  There were 2 each of 3 different kinds, and he said the Kumamotos were his favorite.  He said the Naked Cowboy ones seemed like they might have been frozen (who knows).  Can't remember what the third kind was, but he liked them.  The boyf had the spiced rainbow trout entree and totally loved it.  I had a small piece, and it was really good.  I had the mac and cheese and the lamb meatballs.  I did really like the mac, although it's not the best I've ever had.  The lamb meatballs were om nom nommmmmmm.  Get them.For dessert we split a pear and cherry crumble with a scoop of housemade ice cream.  So.  Good.  It had a wonderful hint of ginger, and the ice cream was dreamy.Definitely eating here again the next time I'm in Madison.
4	Arrrggh, it pains me so much to drop Graze to 4 stars instead of 5, but after having had their regular menu (winter seasonal), I just can't justify the 5.Having had their delicious, delicious menu during Restaurant week, I recently went back to try their regular menu.Among 6 people, we split the Wisconsin Artisan cheese board, curry roasted vegetables, cheese curds and each got an individual entree.I went with the Graze Burger because well... I'm at Graze.Let me start off with their cheese board. Now I'm not a big fan of cheese in the first place, so it wouldn't be fair for me to judge this place entirely based off of that. However, I expected a bit more than 4 chunks of cheese laid out next to pieces of walnut date bread. Granted, I didn't try much of the bread or the cheese, so you can just ignore this part of my review.Moving on. Their curry roasted vegetables weren't bad, but I think it would have tasted better with curry cream instead of aioli.Their cheese curds were good, I'm not gonna lie, but they weren't as melted on the inside as I would have liked. Maybe it's just because the cheese curds have been so hyped up for me, that I expected nothing but perfection.Finally, I'll admit that the burger was one of the best I've ever had. The mixture of different beef types really tenderized the burger, giving it a super soft and juicy inside. The cabernet jus added just enough sweetness to the burger without overpowering it. The brioche was definitely a good choice for the burger, due to the soft and puffy texture. Because the burger was so juicy, the soft brioche did a really good job soaking up the flavor, adding another dimension to the dish. My only issue with the burger was that, while delicious, I don't think it warranted the $21 price tag. I've definitely had comparable burgers before for less, though the difference probably wasn't too big.On pure potential alone (see my restaurant week experience), this place deserves a 5; but because that menu will only be served on special occasions, I can only give this place a 4.
5	This place is a Madison standout in my mind. The burger is without a doubt in Madison's top three (best in my opinion), and the drink selection is ample. It is on the steeper side price-wise but the value is good. The vegetarian options are especially tasty as well. It is also very "homegrown" (locally sourced), almost to the point of being Portlandia-local.
4	Love the farm to table concept. Good food.  Great quality.  Nice atmosphere.  Super close to the Capitol.
5	I love Graze! I haven't had anything on the menu that I haven't enjoyed.Our table of 4 started off with a whole bunch of appetizers, including the deviled eggs, soft pretzel, fries, and cheese curds. My favorites were the cheese curds and the soft pretzel, mostly because of the three different mustards that came with the pretzel.After finishing off our appetizers, I didn't have room for a full entree (though I'm definitely getting the Bibimbap next time), so I split an order of the curry vegetables. They came with lemon and garlic aioli, but the veggies were very flavorful all on their own.For dessert, I ordered their special, which was something along the lines of a dense raspberry brownie with vanilla ice cream. It was pretty good, but OMG the chocolate chip cookies!! that my bf ordered were so much better. These are not your average bake sale cookies and are definitely worth $6 for 3. They are crispy on the outside and warm and chewy on the inside, AND they are slightly salty, which perfectly complements the sweet chocolate. I couldn't tell if the salt was in the dough or sprinkled on top of the cookie because it was kind of dark in the restaurant, but either way, DELICIOUS.The restaurant space itself is a treat. Huge floor to ceiling windows give you a straight-on view of the capitol. I've been for brunch in the past, too, and the whole room is filled with warm sunlight during the day.Overall, Graze is worth the wait for a table - and you probably will have to wait because this place is popular and doesn't take reservations. I can't wait to come back!
4	I'm updating my review and knocking off one star.  My wife and I went to Graze last Saturday night after a hiatus of six months or so, and I was somewhat disappointed.  We called around eight o'clock and asked about the wait and we were told it would be an hour.  I tried to give my name, but they said that I would have to come in to the restaurant.  That was annoying.We got there about an hour later and were told it would be a forty-five minute wait.  When we were seated, I'm pretty sure we got the worst table in the restaurant-- people bumped into me throughout the meal.  The service was fine, but I wasn't too thrilled to see that the prices had been raised by a few dollars.  You know what's more ridiculous than paying almost $20 for a burger?  Paying over $20 for a burger.The real kicker was the end of our meal.  After waiting for forty-five minutes and spending over $100, they switched the lights on 15 minutes before closing to let us know to get the hell out.  That was incredibly obnoxious.
3	Graze has trendy local food. Vegan options are slim, but they're usually willing to substitute or cook something differently. No kombucha at the bar, unfortunately, but a nice list of non-alcoholic drinks. Great view. The pickle plate is amazing!!
4	I loved the service and the food.  I had the fried cheese curds, pretzels, and BBQ tofu; all was delicious. It was a little noisy for conversation.
4	I love that Graze is dedicated to local producers. Everything on the menu is local and hence, super fresh. I had quite a difficult time picking out my brunch - I was debating between the tofu scrambler and the sausage. The idea of tofu and eggs sounds exciting but the spice factor scared me away to the safer choice. The sunny side up eggs were done perfectly - running smoothly into my potatoes and rye toast. The sausage was a soft texture and a true sausage flavor without any spices or cheeses stealing its thunder. My friends had the ramen, eggs benedict, biscuits and gravy - all a great choice and equally delicious. I always want to come to a breakfast place like this - a little risky and creative yet true to traditional brunch and cares for local farms. Yay, Graze! Can't wait to eat you for dinner!
4	I love Graze! Highlight is their cheese curds -- they're the best in town, in my opinion.
4	I am a huge fan of Graze. The food is pretty consistently awesome, and I love to support local fresh foods. While I love the view, I am not a huge fan of the overall ambiance.. always pretty loud, and the atmosphere is a bit stuffy. I think it would be better with more wood, or art on some of the windows. So, while I love Graze, due to prices, spotty service, and ambiance it is just an occasional special treat instead of a regular spot for me.
4	A great place for a casual date with a marvelous view of the capitol. The view will also impress your out-of-town visitors.  The appetizers we ordered were really delicious and the entrees we ordered  were good but not memorable. We will definitely return to try more of the appetizers.
3	I'm inclined to give four stars by inertia alone, but the ambiance didn't compensate for the food. I, too, am into local producers, but if the nuances in the food were anything more than an experiment, they were lost on my palate.First, the baffling: I don't know how you can justify heating a giant glass cube in Madison, considering its winter months. (Maybe it's beautiful in the summer, I'll withhold judgment.) The glass wasn't that thick, at least on the sides.The menu is on the pricier side (certainly to justify heating the cube), lots of hip, "artisanal" stuff, which is fine. The local root beer and soft pretzel appetizer were excellent (though the mustards were mostly miss and the cheese tasted like fancy spray cheese). Tofu can be inconsistent, but theirs was fine. The ferro/quinoa-esque grains had some hard pieces that may have caused some tooth damage.Wait service was adequate. No wait to get in. Madison is freezing cold, but that's a different review.I'd be interested in coming back for brunch, though I might not so soon return for dinner. It's a decent place to bring newcomers to Madison, though, especially if you can give them chairs with a view of the Capitol.
4	I'd like to preface this by saying that Graze is actually one of my favorite places in Madison, though it can be hit or miss depending on what menu they put out for the season.  Their drinks are pretty good, their food is pretty good, but nothing about it really stands out to me.  I think, relative to the Madison area, it is definitely one of the better options, though in any larger city it would not stand out for its price range.  Nothing on their menus has stood out for me, but neither have I had anything less than tasty.  4 stars in Madison, 3 stars elsewhere
4	Delicious! My husband and I stopped in here for dinner on a vacation last week and everything was great. I had the gnocchi with sausage and honeycrisp apple salad and my husband got the garam masala pork. Both dishes were some of our favorite food from our whole trip. Then we split some dessert that was a date cake with peanut butter chocolate gelato. The gelato wasn't necessary, it was ok, but not as good as the cake. One thing to note is that this place is popular and they don't take reservations so make sure to budget some time in to wait for dinner. But if the food is this good, it's worth it.
2	The interior of Graze looks very nice, so my initial impression was a good one.  We came during brunch, and we only waited about 10 minutes for a table.To start the meal we ordered cheese curds.  They weren't bad, but they definitely weren't worth $9.  My boyfriend ordered a bloody mary and I ordered a beer to drink.  The bloody mary was mediocre.  I wanted to have a burger, but the burger is served on an english muffin.  I asked if I could have a bun instead.  The waitress then informed me that buns would not be available for another hour when brunch was over.  My boyfriend wanted a sandwich, but the honey wheat bread was not appealing to him.  He was informed he could not make a substitution on the bread though.  We then decided to just have the cheese curds and drinks, since the options on the menu weren't appealing to us as is.We had been done with our food and drinks for 15 minutes before our waitress came by with our check, and we actually had to stop her when she was walking past to get the check.  The people next to us didn't get their check until right after we got ours, and they had been done eating before we even got our cheese curds.This was a very disappointing dining experience.
4	Friends and I found ourselves at Graze this past Saturday; it was around 6:30pm and we figured (incorrectly) that it would be easy to grab a table at such an early hour.The hostesses informed us the wait would be around "an hour-and-a-half or so" - we agreed to wait and made our way to the small, packed, and cramped bar. I say it's cramped, because the surrounding tables are placed so closely, that you're literally bumping elbows with diners behind you.Drink options were interesting; nothing exotic, and nothing outstanding. The bartenders were completely utilitarian - none cracked a smile or made any small talk; they were too busy filling orders for tables and refilling drinks around the bar. Prices were reasonable; a mixer and a tap came to $12.An hour into our wait, a waiter passing behind us bumped into someone and dropped a container of aioli; the shrapnel missed our clothes but caught some of a friend's purse. They cleaned it, but it reinforces the "too cramped" nature of the space.A table became ready; our server was friendly and professional. We ordered the beet salad, which featured warm golden and red beets, red onion, arugula, house made cheese, and a nice raspberry mustard vinaigrette. It was excellent.We then ordered the curried vegetables and the $21 Graze burger, medium rare. The veggies consisted primarily of root vegetables, with a few cherry tomatoes and some cucumber. While light on curry flavor, the dish was solid.The burger was excellent; cooked to a perfect medium rare with strong hints of smoky bacon. The caramelized onions were a nice topper. A very good burger, even if it did cost as much as steaks from some other places. :-)With a bottle of wine and the three plates, our bill was a reasonable $80. Graze = WINFood = 4.25 starsValue = 3.75 starsService = 3.5 stars (4+ for waiter; 3.0 for bartenders)MISC = 3 stars (needs more space, or restrict the number of patrons)I had extremely high hopes for this place, and while it was excellent, I feel I've had better total experiences at places like Merchant and Forequarter. Graze is no slouch; it just wasn't the holy grail I had envisioned. A solid 4-stars!
4	Graze is definitely an experience- the food is unique and delicious. However, be prepared for the wait! I made the mistake of going to Graze with a party of 8 and we had to wait for about an hour and a half. I'd recommend going to the restaurant on the week days (where you will probably still wait) or with smaller parties.Otherwise, good food and a fun atmosphere. I think the menu is reasonably priced and they use a local food which is always a plus! I ate the bibimbap and loved it but everything else looked amazing too.Based on my experience, I'd recommend trying the popcorn appetizer which uses truffle oil and the wedge salad, which has a unique asian flare.
4	Very good. Upscale crowd and prices reflect that but still food very good.
5	A visit to Graze is never a bad decision.The locale on the square is spot on, service is always friendly, floor to ceiling windows make it feel bright and open, and the Sassy Cow cheese curds...best in Madison. Hands down. Get in my mouth. And don't bother arguing with me that the Old Fashioned does 'em better, I've already tuned you out. The batter is light, the cheese abundant and the house ranch that comes with compliments in the best of ways. I'd also highly recommend the Pork Buns, Fried Chicken and Waffle and/or the Bibimbap.
4	I've been to Graze now for one standard dinner, one brunch, and a handful of late night reverse happy hours.  Graze is always on point-- the servers are friendly, bartenders are responsive, and the food tasty. The emphasis and extreme highlight (giant cheese-board chalkboard on the wall, I'm calling you the extreme highlight) of local food is always nice to see.  Tight beer list-- always a few tantalizing options on tap.  And the food! I am a total sucker for a well executed brunch.  My dining companion & I shared the beignets, and I had the corned beef hash.  The beignets were delightful-- light and fluffy little fried dough pockets. The hash was awesome as well (I think this is where I admit I'd never had a poached egg before-- I'm sorry to disappoint you, egg-gods, and I beg forgiveness, because if they're all as good as Graze's, I am all about it). We got there right as they opened for brunch, which was fortuitous for us-- no wait, great service, fast & excellent food.Late night happy hour is busy, which I find kind of surprising (what are all these *other* people doing out on a Monday night?).  The crowd is varied and friendly, it's a great way to extend a weekday night out. Graze is quickly becoming my go-to for a solid local meal, and is already an excellent nightcap default.
3	I want to like Graze more. The highlights, Great atmosphere! I love their local take on everything. All their food (and most of their drinks) come from local vendors. Graze has a really great concept.The bad news is, their service is inconsistent. I was recently at Graze on a weekday night (weeknights they have reverse happy hour where drinks are half off 9-11!). We were sitting outside and I wanted to order a dessert. I asked the waitress where I should order. She said the bar. That's fine. I walk to the bar and order. The bartender asks if I want to pay now (I say yes) and says he'll have someone bring it out to me. Then I wait, and wait, and wait for the bartender to take my money. He finally came back to tell me I could go outside. Yes, but I need my change, I tell him. He goes on helping others and doesn't take my money. So I leave it there. I guess he gets the change as a tip. Then, the waitress brings out the dessert and it is not what I ordered. I tell her this. She just looks at me and leaves. That is pretty bad service in my book.  The food is also quite pricey. I don't neccessarily mind paying more if I know my food is coming from a good place. And it CAN be good. Unfortunately, the food is also somewhat inconsistent, too. The cheesecake they ended up giving me (instead of what I asked for) was only mediocre.
5	As an out-of-towner whose knowledge of Wisconsin is confined to the Mars Cheese Castle, (where you'd think there would be a king and queen, but nope, not even a prince) A&W Root Beer, (in the tall frosty mugs of course) and Culver's... this trip to the midwest is to discover some of the best the region has to offer (and to attend a wedding).Upon the recommendation of a college buddy of mine that now resides in Madison, I decided to check out Graze.  With an impressive dedication to local sourcing and regional ingredients, this restaurant across the street from the capitol is clean, chic, and well-managed.I checked in at the hostess stand and requested a table for two.  They did a good job managing expectations, let me know it would be a 30-40 minute wait.  We were seated in about 30 minutes.We got a booth and were immediately waited on and served water.  Our appetizer order was taken right away since we knew what we wanted, a very good sign.  Our waters were never less than half filled and the service was impeccable.  Not too much attention, not too little.Coming into Wisconsin, I had two must-haves, cheese curds and fried pickles.  This meal would satisfy both those cravings.We started with the Fried Sassy Cow Cheese Curds, a quintessential Wisconsin food.  Deep fried and ooey gooey delicious, these vodka battered treats hit the spot after flying for 12 hours.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/graze-madison?select=TdlsFTsEr7nvA_er6k7Ebw#TdlsFTsEr7nvA_er6k7EbwThen came the fried pickles, always a winner.  Although not spears, these were very thick cut chips, good enough.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/graze-madison?select=TdlsFTsEr7nvA_er6k7Ebw#ybbedyV4NXfunWXFYd4QZQOther yelp reviews guided me to the seasonal punch.  This did not disappoint.  This season's concoction is peach mixed with Door County Vodka.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/graze-madison?select=TdlsFTsEr7nvA_er6k7Ebw#ndQ7vK4Ilig01Tt0eNlnKQNext we had a taste of Korea in Chicago.  Wait. What. Korean food in Chicago? Dat don't make sense.  But it was pretty good.  I feel the regional ingredients really help this dish out (and a generous helping of kochujang sauce).http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/graze-madison?select=TdlsFTsEr7nvA_er6k7Ebw#qEI2dTuN_t_7AbVR0wO35ABut let's be honest.  The star of the show here is the $21 Graze Burger.  Yes, you heard me right, I paid $21 in the midwest for a burger.  Ground bacon, sirloin, ribeye and short rib, with caramelized onions, a cabernet jus, a sesame seed brioche, and some fries. Daaaaamn this was delicious.  Call me a heffer, I will GRAZE on this all day.  Although the price was steep, best burger of my life.  Hand's down.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/graze-madison?select=TdlsFTsEr7nvA_er6k7Ebw#bxmvvO3M7cCWfgMaH_2kSwA great way to start off #ChuggyEatsMidwest2013 on IG and Twitter.  Off to the next recommended eatery!
5	Great service- even better food had the loaded breakfast sandwich the egg was cooked perfectly the hubby ordered the bagel and lox -very fresh. Has the cheese curds to start with- best decision ever. Very happy with food and service.
5	I have a huge crush on Graze and I'm not even sure where to start. The gorgeous capital-view glass-encased atmosphere? The incredible fresh local ingredients? The Korean-inspired flare? For now I'll say it's the lavender lemonade because HOLY mother of all things tangy this stuff is amazing. Graze has never disappointed.
3	Graze is a spot I am always returning to hoping it will be better than last time. Now, don't get me wrong - I like their food, I really do. Their burgers are tasty, their fries are great, and their brunch menu is really nice as well. But, they just aren't consistent. When I say that, I mean 3 people could order the same things and each of them would turn out differently. One person would have soggy fries and an under-cooked burger, one person could have perfect fries but an over-done burger, and one person could have everything perfect. It's just so random how things will turn out. The recipe is right: locally sourced, high quality, ingredients. A menu that is diverse but simple, and decent prices. They just need to make sure that food is just right when it goes out.A great example is one time I had brunch and my toast had mold all over it. Super gross, right? Well, the waitress and chef agreed. They were very apologetic, gave me new toast, and covered my meal. But why the hell did I get served moldy bread i the first place? It wasn't exactly hidden, you know? Luckily the rest of my meal was very good and I gave them another chance, but I know a lot of people who would have never gone back. Someday I hope I get to upgrade them to 4-stars, because I sure do want to.
3	In a word, overrated. However, I went during Restaurant Week, so I'd like to give them the benefit of the doubt.The wait was short, thankfully, as it was crowded and uncomfortable both at the bar and entryway. My date and I were seated at a very tiny table, but you can't argue with the view. I could've done without the wait staff frequently bumping into us. And the heat. Summer in Wisconsin gets warm, especially through all glass walls.The drinks came quickly, thankfully. The waiter seemed quite stressed and worked fast without much sweet talk, but again, Restaurant Week. We placed our orders and were surprised to receive a basket of popcorn - which actually looked stale and gross - that we hadn't ordered. Figuring this was complimentary, we were about to take bites, until another waiter came running over asking if we had ordered it, and if we had eaten from it already. Turns out it was for another table. Somewhat disgustingly, he took it from us and re-served it to the correct table.The courses were well done and timed well. The fish was cooked to perfection. The appetizer was so-so. Dessert was delicious. Ordering one final drink at the end of the meal, however, took forever to get to us (nothing fancy, just beer on tap).The idea is wonderful with the local produce and meat, but the ambiance, noise, and price just weren't worth it to me. Would I give Graze a second shot? Probably, but not during restaurant week, and not on a weekend evening.
5	i had brunch there. it was so delicious!!! all of the meals we got were just as amazing, and everything is local so thats really cool.
4	In Madison for a conference, I was enticing into Graze for lunch by the modern glass building and the appealing menu.   Their food is all locally sourced, and the building is pretty cool on the inside--all glass walls. They also have an outdoor patio. I tried the blueberry homemade lemonade ($3) and the Italian beef and cheese sandwich ($11) with cheese curds (add $2). Everything was fantastic and tasted really fresh. Service was awesome too. The only complaint is that for $11, the Italian beef and cheese was pretty small (about half of what I was expecting). However, the cheese curds were wonderful. Pros: locally sourced, fresh food, great cheese curdsCons: sandwich was a little small
4	Graze is one of the most acclaimed restaurants in Madison, with very good reason. It's the less-formal (and less expensive) sister restaurant of L'Etoile, which is right next door, and just steps from the Capitol. Graze (so named for the farming aspect as well as what the menu inspires guests to do) is less formal, but just as much creativity and attention to detail go into everything on the menu. It's the kind of place you'd go just for drinks or food, and stay for the other. During a recent thirty-six hour stay in Madison, we went twice; once for early-evening cocktails and snacks, the other for a mid-afternoon nosh. It was close to our hotel, but proximity aside, we went back because we just enjoyed it that much.I can't say enough good things about the fantastic food and terrific cocktails. Over the course of two visits we were able to sample quite a bit of the menu and there wasn't anything we didn't love. On the evening visit we tried Sassy Cow cheese curds with a vodka batter; deviled eggs, house-made pickles (beets, cucumbers, escabeche, daikon, kimchee), truffled popcorn, frites with garlic aioli, and fresh oysters with just-grated horseradish. Everything was eminently enjoyable. My cocktail of choice was the 'Herb 'n Cruise,' a tasty concoction of New Amsterdam gin, Lillet, basil simple syrup and lemon. It was so smooth and drinkable. Later on I switched to a non-alcoholic seasonal lemonade and this week's flavor was blueberry-rhubarb. So fruity and refreshing!On the second visit, they were still serving their brunch menu so we just shared a lox and bagel plate (and more of that delicious lemonade!) and that too was top-notch. The bagel was an "everything," the cream cheese was flecked with bits of fresh lemon zest and dill, and the lox was in the shape of a rosette. On the side was a tiny dish of capers and red onion. It was a lovely presentation and tasted as good as it looked.The servers here are some friendly folk and took great care of us on both visits. The menu changes seasonally and it goes without saying that all the ingredients are locally sourced.Graze is now on our "must-visit" list for frequent trips to Madison.
5	The sh*t here.  This is a true representation of what the Midwest is turning out to offer. Fine artisan food sources with the finest local ingredients. Graze is a gem for Madison and all the Mideast.  Chef Tory miller shines here and I found why. Food is so well thought of and the ingredients and are left to come thru. We came here on a Sunday for brunch and had a great time. Absolute must is the croquet sandwich with a fried egg. So incredibly good with a beautiful buttered bread, melt in your mouth ham, and perfectly cooked egg sunny side up. Then try the loaded breakfast sandwich within bacon, 2 kinds of cheese, and fried egg. Wow so creamy and salty. Last try the pancakes with the cayenne butterDrinks for brunch are good as usual but a stand out is the restore cocktail with plenty of lime and beer. Quite refreshing. If you're any where near here, this is a must.
4	Great spot for Brunch! Food is excellent and service was fantastic. Not much to say as they're food says it all.
5	Well, what a delightful brunch spot! We stopped in on a whim while driving through Madison this morning. There were plenty of open tables, which was crazy; this place in Chicago would have a constant hour wait. The space is bright and open, all windows and super high ceilings. I got Nutella-stuffed French toast that was super tasty without being too sweet or too filling. The house lemonade of the day was strawberry rhubarb and it was delicious. I saw that they have a nice selection of local cheeses, meats, and a couple of oysters. They also have wine on tap. I loved that the entire back of the menu was a list of the farms they work with. All in all, just a wonderful birthday brunch. Come to Chicago, OK?
5	I was brought by someone who had been before. Being a group of 5 we had to wait about 25 minutes at dinner on a Friday night but the bar helped fill that time as we were able to get drinks and wait in the Lobby. Upon getting seated we got a cheese board that featured 4 cheeses. The local aspect of all the food is what I like best and the food I tasted was amazing. Definitely a place I will visit again and again when in Madison.
4	Solid overall for brunch and dinner.
4	This place offers the best view and good food. While I appreciate their wide range of menu selection, I am not sure what their specialty is, as they have burgers and ramen on their menu. I've come here for brunch and dinner. First time I ordered their pancake, I was a bit surprised to have a fried chicken side by side with my pancake. Each was good but not sure when they are together in one dish. In all, our eating experiences here have never been bad. The waitresses/waiters are always nice and helpful and never forget to fill in our glasses.
3	Stopped at Graze for Saturday morning brunch.   As expected they were busy.  But we were seated well ahead of the 30-45 minute wait expectations given when we first arrived.  Restaurant has a great atmosphere.  Food was very good.  We ordered the deep fried cheese curds....yummy!  I had eggs benedict.  That was also very good.  In fact everyone in our group enjoyed their meal.  The 3-star rating was a result of the service.  It took a really long time for the waitress to first visit us upon being seated.  We placed a drink order only to wait a really long time again.  In fact, our drinks sat at the bar waiting to be served.  And when we finally placed our order we waited again.  I certainly don't mind a wait during a leisurely Saturday brunch.  Just make sure you check on the table periodically.
4	A must-try foodie spot in Madison. All locally grown and sourced ingredients. Plus the chef is Korean? This explains the Korean dishes on the menu. Made the mistake of ordering jjamppong. Great idea for a dish. The scallop in it was the most tender I've had in my life. But the noodles were stuck together and not springy enough. And at $21 a plate, not totally worth it. The other things we ordered were five star quality. The Graze burger will slap you upside the head and make you realize this is what beef is supposed to taste like. White fish with daikon sprouts had aioli that was very fresh and creamy. The cheesecake was nice and light with really tasty-but-not-too-sweet bourbon cherries. Order a "Spotted", Wisconsin short-hand for a Spotted Cow Beer. This is an incredibly refreshing beer with a citrusy finish. On the lighter side of beers. Not a cheap place but I suppose you're paying for the locally sourced ingredients.
4	We were here for lunch on a Thursday, right when they opened at 11 - first customers! (We were literally standing outside the door waiting for them to open shop :)I went with the Korean Rice Bowl, which consisted of a glazed pork belly, kimchee (fermented Korean-style vegetables), mini cool cucumbers, and peanuts. It tasted decent. I think that I may have liked how it looked, more than how it tasted. The kimchee was a little too pickley/salty-tasting for my liking.We also ordered their famous Pub Burger that's served on a house-made english muffin with bacon and cheddar cheese. That was definitely yummy.The farmer john's sandwich of ham and provolone cheese with sliced apple, spinach, and basil pesto mayo on sliced baguette was pretty good, as was the soup that came alongside (can't remember what it was...it was the special of the day).The overall atmosphere of the place was great. Very clean, updated, and cheery with the natural light from State Street shinning in. Their hot tea selection is plentiful and the Rishi brand that they sell is quality.  Our waiter was very accommodating and considerate as well.I hope to try out their offerings for brunch sometime soon as I hear that's pretty good!
4	My ideal Saturday morning has become a trip to the Farmer's market followed by brunch at Graze.  Ramen for breakfast?  You bet.  If you have a hangover, this bowl of deliciousness will kick it right in the chops.  The soup features home-made noodles from Wah Kee (also here in Madison), and--though the menu doesn't say this--I think the same delicious chili sauce that Wah Kee serves is brought to the table as a side.  There's so much good stuff in this bowl--the pork shoulder...the bok choy...the noodles...the poached egg.  There are plenty of other things on the menu that look fabulous (and that I've been tantalized by on other tables!), but me and my Ramen are exclusive--for now.  I also highly recommend a Supernova while you wait for your food.
5	Oh Graze, let's be honest - you had me at wine on tap.  Every time I eat here it confirms the fact that once Wisconsin finally allows polygamy, I will marry you Graze and have your babies.This place has me seriously considering adding strawberry season to my Google calendar so that I don't miss out next year.  The strawberry panzanella and strawberry shortcake were nothing short of amazing.  Other favorites from my most recent visit were the fried pickles, pork buns, and artisan cheese board.  The cheese curds are good, but not my favorite in Madison.Great atmosphere with lovely view of the Capital.  If you haven't been, it's definitely worth a visit.
3	Overview:  Expect a wait for brunch -- especially during the summer. However, there is bar and hallway seating, so grab a coffee, tea, or re-toxer and enjoy the wait with friends.  Hits:  Loaded breakfast sandwich, happy and talented bar staff, and baked goods. Misses: Service staff can be hit-or-miss, but generally I've had positive experiences. Hints: Don't pull attitude with the host stand. I've watched others do it and it has never shortened the wait...Bottom-line: Decent brunch option. Can't speak to other meals.
3	We were drawn to Graze for how consistently busy it was every time we walked by. Went for Saturday night dinner, no reservation but were able to sit at the bar. Wine list was ok, the beer my bf ordered was average. Started out with cheese curds, yum! As a MN girl that's had a few cheese curds, they were divine. Next, we devoured the Wedge salad. Amazing!! We decided to try the Graze burger and see what all the Rachael Ray hype was about. Now, I love expensive food so a $21 burger was intriguing to me... Well... It was good.. But we had just stopped at Culvers the night before and really enjoyed the butter burger... Is it wrong if we think they are comparable? Overall, great experience and would recommend for a fun night out. Skip the Graze burger and order one of the other delicious options, like the Bun which sounded amazing.
4	i generally don't like to review any restaurant if i haven't been there at least 2 or 3 times, but there's always an exception to be made since i will be leaving the country soon. when you first walk into the place, the open, urban design is very inviting and (if you're hungover like i was) the natural lighting will wake you up in no time. after hearing countless praise from my sis and bro-in-law, who are long-time madison residents and big foodies as well, i was gonna be in for a treat, right? beautiful decor & ambiance, great service, variety of choices for brunch, but sadly a very disappointing ramen noodle bowl me. the noodles were too clumpy, thin, and soggy, radish slices were more for presentation than anything, and the broth had little depth, just a lot of soy and fish sauce. they say you're supposed to eat with your eyes, in this case i wish i had and left the tasting to my company. btw, my sister and her husband thoroughly enjoyed their dishes, as they didn't speak a word once their plates came out. ^^me: ramen noodle bowl (braised pork shoulder, pork belly, bok choy, shaved radishes, scallions, nori, soft poached egg, Wah Kee noodles)my sis: egg scramble (seasonal preparation, served with mixed greens and potatoes)my bro-in-law: fancy pants pancakes w fresh blueberriesfood: 3 out of 4 starsambiance: 5 out of 5 starsvalue: 4 out of 5 starsservice: 5 out of 5 stars
5	Great place with a great local vibe. The Graze Burger is my go to here. Pricey, but a must try. Nothing is needed with this burger... it's as good as it gets!
5	Get the smoked tofu if you are looking for a delicious vegan meal!  I loved it!
3	Given Graze's association with L'Etoile, we had high hopes. But there were some things that fell short. First, our server lacked knowledge of the menu. We asked about the sweetness level of different cocktails and he said he did not know, without offering to get the opinion of the bartender. We asked about his preferences between different dishes and he said that he had never tried them. The food was hit and miss. I could eat baskets of the friend cheese curds like they're going out of style. The ramen was good but I was disappointed with the amount of meat. I'm drawing a blank a week and a half later about hubby's dish so maybe it wasn't that memorable? Hubby was a big fan of his bloody. I was impressed with the garnish. We ordered beignets for dessert and they were ok but not as fluffy as the real thing. Our lunch was a little pricey and I'm not sure we'd make it a point to come back here unless we're making another trip to the Farmer's Market.
4	We did Saturday brunch here and loved it. (+) We stopped by after seeing staff dragging a stocked Graze wagon away from the farmer's market. Good sign. (+) Atmosphere: The building has tons of natural light and great views of the square. The place was very busy but staff was friendly and our server was very helpful and genuine. They had a couple of specials (don't bother telling me about tofu, I'm a meat eater), both interesting food and drinks and a healthy mix of patrons (none of that pretentious hipsters only garbage). (++) Food: We had amazing Bloody Mary specials (pickle and pepper infused vodka, yum!) each served with a Spotted Cow chaser and olive and cheese curd skewer. My boyfriend ordered the pork shoulder ramen bowl and I had eggs Benedict. Both were very well-executed, nothing too fancy. I'd love to stop back and try some of their artisanal cheeses and other cocktails!
5	Updated:  Still love this place.  I've been for Brunch, dinner and late night snacks and have never had a bad meal.  The wait staff is knowledgeable and clearly loves food.  If you want a good place to eat and you are in Madison, you wont' go wrong here.  Go, you won't regret it.  This place is smashing.....get the bone marrow.
4	Sweet mother of fried cheese curds, this place is good.With a heavy heart & thick blood, I waddled my way into Graze attempting to keep my heart pumping with all of the cheese flowing through my body. Everywhere you go in Madison you have to try the cheese.I had had some fried cheese curd mishaps. I'm talking about freeze-dried pre-fried sad mistakes for cheese curds. Graze doesn't pull their curds out of a bag and re-fry them. They are most certainly hand-breaded and they might even say a prayer over them before they serve them to you.Delicious.We came in for lunch expecting to try the crazy-expensive Graze Burger on a friends recommendation... only to find that it's a dinner-only offering.Anger.After deciding not to leave (we almost did), I turned my attention to the breakfast portion of our menu and snagged the Loaded Breakfast Sandwich. While it was no Graze Burger (continued anger), it was a tasty bronze medal (the silver medal was the cheese curds).The only other thing I had was wonderful but had a bit of a menu snag.The "Magic Coffee" was actually quite tasty. It was a bit pricey at $4.50 (it had to be more iced coffee than espresso, and cinnamon and half-and-half aren't exactly the most expensive ingredients). What really annoyed me was that they had no secondary pricing option for a refill. The cup wasn't the biggest thing in the world, and charging $4.50 for a second helping is just plain terrible restaurant management.They have to be tossing in 15% or less of the $4.50 ticket price in ingredient costs, so it's silly to use the same pricing on a second glass.Fix that, Graze. I'd recommend charging $2 or $2.50 for a second glass.To sum it up: great food at a decent price, but the menu is too restricting. I hope they listen.
5	This is one of the best restaurants I have ever been to. As a restaurant professional this is not easy for me to say about a lot of restaurants. The service was excellent, food was great. The prices were astonishing!! The view of the capital at sunset was amazing sitting on the patio on a warm summer night. Almost too perfect to be true but it was true. I have recommended this restaurant to many people that have asked about a restaurant to go to in Madison. It definitely was farm to table!! For two with all of the food we consumed and drinks we spent about $100.00. In Chicago our dinner would have been over $175.00 if not more!
5	My favorite restaurant in madison! The food is delicious and I haven't had a bad meal there yet. Their cheese curds are to die for the bimbimbap I think it's called is very good as well as their pub burger. So good! go!!
3	Dined at Graze last night for the first time. Unimpressed. The food was on the average side of good but the experience was marred by the beyond rude bartender and a tremendous wait for a table. Tables I might add that appeared to be open for nearly 30 minutes before we were seated. With the myriad of options in Madison; I doubt we will return.
5	Truly a gem in the heart of downtown Madison! It lived up to the reviews! The cheese curds were amazing as promised, with a delicious batter. I had one of the seasonal specials (an Asian seafood broth based dish), my sister had the gnocchi and my mother had the pub burger. We sat outside and had a breathtaking view of the capital. I rarely give five stars and am happy to be able to do so!
4	First time visitors this last weekend.  I've heard good things and we finally decided to give it a try. It was busy and there was a 30-45 minute wait for a table.  Since going out to dinner for me means relaxing, not rushing and going with the flow the wait wasn't an issue and there were two open seats at the bar, perfect.It took a minute or two for a bartender to come over, which gave me time to eye over the specialty drinks.  As a huge fan of gin, ginger and lemon - the sweet lou seemed right up my alley.  Unfortunately they were out of the ginger honey, disappointment.  I tried it with regular honey and not so impressed.  I'd like to try it again when they have all the ingredients in stock. Once seated at our table, the service was FAST.  We ordered the fried pickles, they came to our table faster than I was expecting.  We loved them!I ordered the pub burger with a beet and walnut patty.  I've always been a little mixed on beets to begin with but as a vegetarian, I like to try new things.  Not my best choice, still not a fan of beets.  The beet flavor was too overwhelming for me, I took about half the burger off the bun and that seemed to really make a difference for me.  We will return, I won't order the beet burger - but I look forward to trying some other dishes.
5	After moving to the Madison area, one place was recommended to my husband and I more then any where else - Graze. We had an opportunity to check it out while I was downtown for a work event this past summer. It did not disappoint. We started off with the cheesecurds. They were excellent! Best we have had in Madison - we can say that honestly as we had had cheese curds at two other places just the week before. :) We paired them with beer of course. I went with a light brew, my husband got the stout. They were both great. My husband liked the beer but was disappointed with the head on his beer, when the server asked and my husband relayed his disappointment the server offered to replace the beer. Great service! Ordered burgers, again, they came highly recommended. They did not disappoint. The aioli was to die for.  The atmosphere is open and urban. I wouldn't bring my kids, but there were kids there. Pricing is right on...I don't feel I need to say more, when a restaurant is this on point the stars speak for themselves!
4	So I was wrong.  There, I said it.  Since my last review three months ago I've had consistent front of house service along with flawless kitchen service. Plus, I can now say you will find delicious food at brunch, lunch, happy hour, and dinner. Happy hour highlights include great deals on house wines, beers, and snacks.  Food highlights include delicious cheese boards, great oyster selections, and the pork buns.   Bottom line: graze at graze.  Even if there is a wait, you will be happy you did.
4	I got the veggie pub burger which was a beet and walnut patty on an english muffin. It was a unique combination and it caught my eye. I loved the patty; it tasted good and you could actually taste the beet root. The english muffin as the bun was not a great idea; i think a typical bun would be the best idea still. I also got their popcorn which the waiter said was the best popcorn he has ever had and it honestly kind of sucked. It was basically small popcorn with cheese sprinkled on top of it. I personally would not recommend the popcorn
5	Graze, how I love thee! We were originally planning to go to the Old Fashioned but the wait was 45 minutes. I looked on Yelp to see what was the nearest good restaurant and came across Graze. Whooooooo Hoooooo!!! The location and ambiance are awesome. You can see the Capitol through the gorgeous windows while you nosh on yummy food.The burger was perfection! Well cooked and tasty, the perfect combination.The Sauteed Gnocchi was mouthwatering FANTASTIC!The dessert was a sorbet mixture of raspberry and aronia berry. FABULOUS.I will definitely be back!
4	The tofu scramble was really, really good. Don't think it's going to be an actual scramble in any way. The tofu is merely folded into the sauce. But oh! that is a delicious sauce. I understand it changes seasonally, and were I closer, I'd get it every time it changed because I'm sure it'd be fantastic every time. The perfect dish to split after the cheese-fest that is the farmer's market across the way.
4	Beautiful restaurant, delicious food, and super yummy craft cocktails! Stopped here for entrees during a progressive dinner. The place was packed. Neat text message system letting you know your table is ready. No gross, filthy pager system. The hostess was a little frazzled as the other customers around us were incredibly rude. The bar service was a little slow but was wonderful once we got someone's attention. Our actual server was wonderful. Very personable and offered wonderful suggestions. My friend had the pork chops...huge portion! I had the gnocchi and it was absolutely delicious. It was light and just the right amount of food. I would definitely recommend this establishment to a friend!
4	I have been here for lunch twice and brunch once. Both lunches I have had the same dish--the smoked tofu wrap. I think there might be other vegan-friendly ones on the menu but I can't be sure. Anyway, the wrap is very good, even when you get it vegan with mustard instead of mayo. They do something to the tofu that makes it authentically smoky and delicious. Other than the wow factor of the tofu the rest of the meal is very much good but not great. But that's kind of Graze's deal--basic food done well with a consistent locavore ethic. Brunch was much better than lunch, however. The scrambled tofu ranks high, even though as a vegan in Madison I am a little sick of that being my only option at most places for brunch. Regardless, it is very good (the sauce was spicy and savory and oh so-delicious). It was served with an abundant bed of fresh greens with a simple and satisfying vinaigrette. The potatoes, were the stars of the meal, however (as they are with all breakfast dishes done proper). Very crispy and salty. I paired this with a local craft brew (some kind of Rye APA). Graze is a standby in my eating out rotation. It is fancy enough to go for a business lunch, yet laid back enough to take your mom out for a nice brunch.  Their food is simple but tasty. And in a foodie-centric culture where excess and experimentation are sometimes a little overpowering, that's a good thing.
5	Been here a few times now and it is always a great experience. The Magic Coffee is a must! All of the brunch items look delicious, you really can't go wrong. The beet salad is also pretty much amazing, and I am not a beet lover at all. I've only been for breakfast but plan to go back for dinner sometime! Service is always fantastic.  One negative- the cocktails are overpriced. $8 for a bloody mary is a little steep no matter how good it is.
5	Seriously amazing! Looking for a great date night, this place is perfect. The cheese board was our favorite! Then we shared the vodka battered cheese curds.... Um- yes please!!!! And then split the famous GRAZE burger. That too was AMAZING!  I washed all this amazing food down with their seasonal punch (Rhubarb/Rum combo).Atmosphere was fun... Sat out on the patio and enjoyed people watching of the people coming and going to the state capital. Great place!!! :-)
5	A big fan or Tory Miller and what he's done for the Madison foodie scene, I was pumped when he opened this place!  Killer spot on the square with awesome views and fresh urban "farm to table" type decor.  The focus is just good quality seasonal food!  We had the pickle sampler for an appetizer and it was fantastic, inventive, and fun.  The graze burger was out of this world, and I had the pulled pork macaroni and cheese which was equally amazing.  The last time we visited I felt like they were short staffed so I will give them a little lee-way on timely service, but the quality was there.  The bartenders are always great with an ever changing drink menu...and the bar area is a great place to see and be seen!
4	Great view of the State Capitol and good food.  Non pretentious staff and eclectic crowd.
5	Went to Graze with a group of 8 to celebrate my birthday, it was 8:30 on a Saturday and we only had to wait about 10 minutes for a table! It was a pleasant surprise.I had the Hot Sugar Baby craft cocktail, a slightly spicy, not too sweet margarita, it was delicious. Everyone loved their drinks. As far as food goes, I had the Bibimbap with pork which was spicy, crunchy, and full of veggies-definitely crave worthy! Then fresh out of the oven cookies and milk to finish off the night.Our server was very helpful and patient, and split up our check without a hitch.Graze has great drinks, great food, and great service, not sure what else you could ask for!
3	I have not lived in Madison for almost a decade, but I always enjoyed L'etoile and the little cafe downstairs from the old space where they served fabulous little sandwiches to take back to my desk at the Capitol. So I was excited to try Graze, which is in a soaring space with nice views of the square.  We hit Madison just before dinner time, so we ordered from the more limited menu, but there were still plenty of good options. We ordered the pork buns, which were a pretty serviceable knock off of David Chang's Momofuku pork buns, but the slices of pork belly were a little on the skinny side, and I lost the umami hit of a thicker, glistening belly.  We also ordered the cheese curds and deviled eggs as appetizers, both of which were good. The cheese curds were reminiscent of the old Town Talk diner in Minneapolis, and were a little too plentiful for two people but would work for a group. The deviled eggs were a touch mustardy. If we had stopped there, I think we would have come away pretty happy, but since we had skipped breakfast and lunch, we ordered the pub burger. Mistake. I was expecting a gastropub-style burger, something thicker and that would showcase the local beef. It turned out that it was basically a slider-style WI bar burger. We ordered it medium rare, but you basically can't cook a thin burger anything less than medium well. The burger was hard and dry, with flavors redolent of sawdust. My wife commented that it left her mouth devoid of saliva. I am sure a local, organic cow began the life cycle of this burger, but you would never know based on the hockey puck outcome. I love and support farm to table, and I would come here again to try other dishes, but I would avoid the burger like the plague. Given the quality of the inputs that Graze has, I would expect a little more.
3	Ok, ok.  It is local.  It is homemade.  I get it. Now the food itself?  It is just ordinary.  It is tasty and good but it is not worth the hype or the wait.  The restaurant does not take reservations.  As a first time diner, it would have been nice to know we could have left our name, ran an errand, received a text and then made our way back.  Instead we had to sit in the drafty entry way.  I was cold for forty minutes waiting for dinner.  We got seated in a great booth.  It was just my husband and I.  I felt guilty because larger parties got passed up.  Nonetheless, it was cozy and very comfortable.  We decided to try the Fried Gnudi.  This is essentially a fancy cheese curd.  It was delicious.  It tastes like a bread stick without bread.  It would have been nice to know what they were.  Instead, we were told they were ricotta like gnocchi.  As a gnocchi eater, I can assure you they were nothing like gnocchi.  Now dinner.  I tried the Mac and Cheese.  I was a bit disappointed.  I do not like strong cheddar.  I asked the waitress whether the cheese had a strong flavor.  Her response?  No, the aged cheddar was a smoky taste that comes out when the cheese is cooked.  I took a chance.  It was beautifully served.  It is a very rich meal.  It is very cheesy and creamy.  However, the cheese taste itself?  It was incredibly strong.  I was not happy with it.  I was told the completely wrong thing.  The portion is also small for $9.  I was kind of upset by this.  We also ordered the pub burger.  We shared each other these meals.  The burger was cooked well but it was a small patty.  It was served on an English muffin.  I am assuming it was homemade.  It was so dense and lacked any type of lightness I have had with other English muffins.  The star of the meal?  The fries with garlic aoli.  Hands down.  Magnificent.  The food was not terrible.  It was good, average food.  The service was good.  The people were nice.  Graze is just not worth all the hype.  Nope.
4	My husband and I just finished dinner and decided to head over to Graze for a drink.  We were in town for only 4 days, and I insisted that we needed to try some fried cheese curd.  Strangely I was never a fan of cheese sticks, but I have to say I sometimes day dream about the fried cheese curd I had at Graze.  My mouth waters thinking about it.  Graze is local, organic, and sustainable! Yay!  It is also situated across from the capitol building in downtown Madison.  In the evening, the capitol building lights up and creates a beautiful backdrop, which adds to the atmosphere.Unfortunately I only tried the fried cheese curds.  I'll have to explore the menu more the next time I visit.
5	What a great restaurant! Very simple menu with outstanding flavors. The service was fantastic!!!! We had Mary as our waitress and she was so nice...and accommodating. We ordered stuff on the menu but had to ask what the ingredients were, she graciously volunteered to talk to the chef to make sure they could accommodate my requests, and they did without even flinching...Awesome! Awesome! Awesome!
5	This is by far my favorite restaurant in Madison. There is always different seasonal options but nine times out of ten i go for the burger.  it is a bit pricey for a burger in Madison (21 bucks) but It is out of this world...especially when paired with a nice Cabernet Sauvignon.The baked to order cookie is also amazing!!The food is locally sourced and I always feel good about eating here.The brunch is good as well but they don't change the items on the menu often other than the daily scrambles. The French toast stuffed with Nutella is very good.The service has always been spot on.  Just last friday, my fiance made the mistake of ordering a beer without sampling it and the waiter insisted she replace it with something else.Although you have to plan and be prepared for an hour+ wait for a table.....but it is worth it
3	I appreciate the need to be trendy and local, but this place is all talk and not enough show considering the Yummy factor for a guy like me....I've had much better food for the price in many establishes around the Capital. I do strongly appreciate how much they are supporting the surrounding Madison Area food (for that a solid 3 out of 5 stars), but I was a bit let down with the production of what I have received in my orders. The menu is unique for sure, finding some really cool Madison area alternative eating's, but just be ready to expect that your ordering unique so what they will be bringing you might now be up your ally if your similar to a country boy like me who wants a big old bar burger (grease me up!) loaded up. It's hard to screw up a cheeseburger, and I think they may have totally messed it up pretty bad the last time I was there. I'm just not a fan of an English Muffin as a bun for a burger. They are a popular place that does not take reservations, so be prepared to wait to be seated. but if your lucky, you will get to sit in a huge booth or nice table, definitely, a great date place with huge place windows over looking Madison at it's finest. I'm not trying to be negative about Graze, I'm just not into it as much as everyone else. I would still suggest to try it out. It has enough window appeal to draw anyone it.
4	My first night in Madison on business we stopped at Graze. It appears (by location and billing) to be related to a similar restaurant next door sans the white table cloths. The building is glass so you can see inside. Hip would be a good word to describe it. Also, fun and tasty after eating there. The hostess took my name and phone number, utilizing a text system to alert us when our table was ready. All of 5 minutes later we sat down. The menu has local, fresh, seasonal, and more varied options available. I had the bi bim bop to quell a craving, and my friends had the beet salad, burger, and a pasta dish. All were quickly delivered to our table by our friendly waitress and consumed without much chatter or comment other than 'yum'. We shared a crisp at the end- perfect conclusion to the meal. Prices were reasonable, service was great, ambiance was classy and special. I'd be back if I were ever in the area!
5	I had the sage sausage with a glass of Malbec. It was delicious! Very moist and savory sausage with tasty side of cauliflower, sweet potato, and kale. More casual style dining, beautiful views.
4	Corey D and I headed here for a late-ish dinner during my quick trip to Madison and boy, this place was hoppin'! With good reason I see... The food is delish, the service is friendly, the drinks are creative, and starting at 9 pm Sundays through Thursdays they have a buy 1, get 1 happy hour. I had fried pickles, cheese curds, and a beet salad and I would be a happy camper to return here and eat again. Bonus: they have wine on tap which is always a good thing in my opinion.Definitely well worth a try if you are in Madison and looking for good food + good drinks.
5	It's everything everyone says about it, and it's a shame it's taken this long for me to try it, but I'm glad I did. In fact, It's so good I'm making Graze my first review after a long stint on the disabled list with stomach problems -- a nightmare for a wannabe foodie like me. The beer and drink lists are so vast, you could spend your entire 45-minute wait for a table just deciding what to have; I had an old fashioned well made enough to rival those of Graze's eponymous down-the-block neighbor. The menu was less vast, but everything looked so good it took just as long to decide. A pretzel seems so simple, but makes for an incredible appetizer when surrounded by Graze's house made dipping sauces. For dinner, I went for the Graze burger; I've been dreaming about it nightly ever since. Enjoy the view, the attractive crowd, the drinks, the apps, the everything. Don't wait as long as I did to come here. Just go.
5	I look forward to going to Madison so I can stop by Graze. Delicious cheese, booze, and all other locally-sourced edibles makes this one of my favorite spots anywhere, not just in Madison. Maybe it's because I'm not from Wisconsin and I enjoy hearing someone say "this is one of the top-10 cheeses of the year" but I can't get enough of this place.
2	I wish I hadn't eaten at L'Etoile; my expectations were set way too high. The food was spotty (tasty egg dishes, overly salty salad, heavy beignets), but it was the service that was most disappointing. The wait staff appeared to have too many tables, as tables weren't turned over quickly, and there were long spells between refills or check-ins. The hostesses were probably the worst though; grossly inaccurate waiting time estimates, fibs about having called cells and a general unfriendly attitude. If I didn't know for a fact this was related to the best restaurant in town, I wouldn't believe it.Updated for non locals: when I say related to the best restaurant in town, I am referring to L'Etoile, a Madison institution.
4	I had dinner at Graze on a Wednesday evening the week before Christmas, and the place was absolutely packed!  We put in our name and they took my cell number so they could send me a text when our table was ready.  The hostess also suggested we could visit Graze's sister restaurant L'Etoile just across the entryway for a drink at the bar while we waited for a table (which we did). We were seated right by the window and had a view of the capital building, which was beautifully lit up.  I got an appetizer of fried pickles - they were chips, not spears, and the batter was light and crispy.  I ordered the pulled pork mac and cheese.  The pulled pork on top was good, but the bites I had with just the mac and cheese were really the best.  Others at my table ordered burgers (the Graze Burger and the Pub Burger), they looked decadent and my friends said they were very good.
5	This is one of my favorite spots when I am craving a burger, if I'm in the area! I've been to Madison 3 times for work and I always make a stop at the Graze for the "Graze Burger" - $22. The patty is always moist and flavorful. The side of fries is also great with the aioli sauce. With a few glasses of beer, it will leave your tummy smiling. They have happy hour where you get a buy one, get one off their beer selection. I tried a few, but my favorite beer there is the Potosi Snake Hollow. When I was at the bar, I was told that the chef also works at the L'Etoile restaurant which is very high end. So expect the Graze to have that top quality food for reasonable prices. The service is amazing! They make be slower during rush hour, but when they do stop by, they are always very friendly. When I hear that my coworkers are heading to Madison for work, I always recommend a stop at the Graze for dinner! The next time I am at Madison, I'll be sure to stop by again!
5	The city of Madison is blessed to have many restaurants at the forefront of the local farm to table movement with perhaps Graze leading theOHMYGOD THE KOREAN BBQ PORK SANDWICH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! have you tried this thing?!?!?!? GOOD LORD SO FNG GOOOOOOD makes me want to just snuggle and hold it gently and love it forever then let it love me back i love your spicy juiciness and juicy spiciness graze korean bbq pork sandwich
5	Food was fantastic!! The wait staff was very helpful in explaining items and friendly. A little loud but it was pretty crowded. Tried emu for the first time!!
4	This place is great! The decor is really nice, and amazing views of the Capitol building through the large glass windows. I didn't think the Popcorn share plate was that great, but the Pickle Board has some great pickled items, super unique and very good. The Graze Burger is a must. I was put off by the description in the menu, as it seemed to be a monstrosity, but order it anyway and it was the perfect size to eat, and absolutely excellent. One of the best burgers I've ever had. If you're feeling breakfast, the Sweet Potato Pancakes are also very good! I look forward to going back to this place next time I visit Madison.
4	Best cheese curds in Madison. Hands down.Best brunch in Madison??? Perhaps!Man, I'm lovin me that fried chicken and waffle. Chicken. Waffle. Perfection.But dude the seasonal fruit pancakes with apple cherry compote and cinnamon butter....umm, I'll take an extra order to go...If you're feeling traditional, don't worry you can get your eggs and bacon. Uh huh.
4	Fancy place! With affordable prices!Came for drinks and appetizers. Was very pleased. Clever cocktails and fun appetizers.Their fried cheese curds have this fluffiness about them. Small clouds of happiness. Their menu has some Korean persuasion which definitely intrigued me. Can't wait to come back for dinner one day and do another review!
4	I've been coming to Graze for a couple of years  and I always find something interesting on the menu.  I don't want to give a glowing review that everything is always wonderful because some things I think are just OK, others are pretty good, and a few items I really like!Some things I rate as OK but nothing special: the Biscuits and gravy at brunch and Roasted Bone marrowSome things are pretty good: Noodle bowlSome things are really good:  Bibimbap burrito, Corned Beef Hash, Roasted Beets, Artisan Cheese boardGreat ambiance.  I love sitting at the bar and the dining room gives off a really nice vibe.  Great drinks, good Bloody's at Brunch, interesting beer selection, enjoyable craft cocktails!Great service.  The bartenders are friendly, the servers do a great job of keeping track of how things are going without being overbearing, and the staff in general is very pleasant!Remember to make a reservation because Graze gets crowded early!
4	I came here because another restaurant's server and I discussed Corned Beef Hash and where to go.  My husband is serious about his hash so I had to take him here.  We were seated immediately and had an excellent view of everything.  I decided to order up some beignets for a starter along with some grapefruit juice.  The juice was spot on.  Not too tart and not too sweet.  The beignets reminded me of how much I missed Cafe Du Monde in New Orleans.  Very tasty but not an exact to the southern restaurant.  Our brunch choices were chicken & waffle (never had so I  thought to try it) and the corned beef hash.  The corned beef hash was served with two eggs over easy and we chose wheat toast.  Thee toast was too tough but the corned beef hash tasted great so we just ignored the bread.  The hash had awesome amounts of corned beef and the vegetables that were added really peaked the flavor.  The way they cooked it on the grill top gave a little bit of a sear which allowed the beef to be a little nutty flavored.  Though the eggs we got were a tad overcooked, we still had a little yolk to enjoy with the hash.  The chicken was beautifully fried and very moist inside.  The waffle had a great cinnamon butter and it really allowed the fluffy goodness come through.  Personally, I don't understand the WOW factor of having chicken with waffles...though both tasted great I feel that I don't need to have both together again.  All in all, I'll be back and I can't wait to try the cocktails and lunch or dinner menu.
4	This is a great place to relax with friends, enjoy some drinks and some really good food.The food here is pretty good. And they make really good drinks. But my favorite aspect of Graze is the view. The entire building is essentially glass windows and you can sit in the restaurant and enjoy great views of the Capitol. The wait when we arrived was about 25 minutes, which wasn't too bad for seven o'clock on a week night. We ended up sitting at the bar and sharing three appetizers. The soft pretzel, deviled eggs and the bread basket. I really wanted a mojito, which wasn't on the menu but the bartender gladly made one for me. It was easily the best mojito I had had in a while. Can't remember the last time my mojito was made with brown sugar. If you can't already tell, I really enjoyed that drink.For dinner, I had the sweet potato pancakes. I was able to enjoy the breakfast comfort food but it also really felt very appropriate for dinner. The pancakes were coupled with a sunny side up egg and vegetable hash. The entire meal was just perfectly suited for the beautiful environment. This is a must visit AGAIN. Enjoy Graze!
3	For all the hype that preceded this place, I was somewhat let down. I definitely enjoyed my meal, and the service was absolutely stellar in all aspects (efficiency, speed, friendliness, and helpfulness), but the food wasn't as good as I hoped. As far as the menu is concerned, there is plenty of choice, whether you are a foodie or more of a traditionalist. The pork belly buns were really flavorful and tasty, as were the cheese curds. Fried chicken and waffles were okay, but the seasonal fish dish was a pathetic portion for the price. Probably four ounces of fish on a half cup of rice for $30. Taste was above average, but at that price I expected either a bigger portion or delicious flavor. Best entree was probably sweet potato pancakes. A really tasteful blend of sweet (cherry sauce, glazed walnuts, and sweet potatoes) along with salty/savory fried egg and some potatoes.
5	Fantastic concept, exceptional food, friendly wait staff, and clean, simple decor. We had a fantastic experience at Graze, so much so that over the course of a weekend, my friends and I wound up going twice in 2 days. As a UW alumni, I was thrilled that Madison gained such a great restaurant in a prime location. We made friends with a particular bartender who was true WI friendly (ah, home-state pride) and introduced us to beautiful drinks like The Magic Bullet... Graze's Magic Coffee plus bourbon. Instant friendship. Brunch was amazing - boast-worthy cheese curds, corned beef hash, kielbasa, and noodle bowl. Graze impressed the foodie out of towners of our group, and I am planning on making sure I stop by each time I'm back in Madison. U Ra Ra!
5	Delicious!  Their food is absolutely amazing and out of this world.  I have never been disappointed with a drink or menu item.  They also have a lot of fun 5-course specialty dinners.  The wait can be long at times, but they will call your cell phone when your table is ready.  Brunch is my favorite!  They may have the best Bloody Mary in town!
4	I really like Graze. I've been a couple times now - once for dinner and once for drinks - and both times I was impressed by their excellent service. Oh, and the view of the capitol is AWESOME! Prices are just fine, especially for such a swanky-feeling place. I go here when I want to feel fancy but don't want to feel broke afterward. It's classy but quite down to earth - a good combo.The only thing is that I actually haven't been super impressed with is their food. When I went for dinner, my companion and I both agreed that our dishes weren't really anything special. I will probably return to confirm - maybe it was just what we ordered. But for drinks, I would say that if you're entertaining guests to Madison, this would be the spot to go.
5	We went here before the end of 2013 and had a wonderful evening out. We hit up Graze for my significant others birthday and we were very glad with our choice. Having gone out on a Friday night, I knew there would be a wait but I also knew that Graze utilizes a website that will allow you to see where you are on the wait-list. We put our names in, and headed down the corner to grab a beer at a not-soo packed bar while we waited. When we saw that our names were soon on the list, we headed back to Graze. We were seated at one of the front tables that overlook the capital. I had a fantastic drink-I believe it was the "Keep your gin up" and the birthday boy had a take on a Moscow mule. I'm not a big meat eater, but I couldn't help but enjoy the bites of the Graze burger that were shared with me. The meat was seared perfectly on the burger and the onions were caramelized to perfection with just the right amount of sweetness to them. I ordered the bibimbap and didn't regret my decision there either. The crispy rice was amazing in contrast to the egg and the spicy sauce that it came with. We had been to Graze in the spring of 2013, and the trip we took at the end of 2013 completely surpassed the first visit in every way possible. The staff was prompt, courteous, and made great recommendations.
2	If you enjoy over paying for mediocre food and horrendous service Graze is the place for you.
5	This is a great location right on the Capitol Square in Madison.  At night, the view of the Capitol building through the windows is beautiful.  Even the great pictures on other reviews of this restaurant don't do it justice.  I started with some fine Wisconsin craft beer: the Ale Asylum Hopalicious.  It was outstanding with the Graze cheese curds.  This was the first time I've tried this local favorite and it was a great pairing.  The main course was a delicious braised beef with spinach, a cabernet wine sauce, mashed potoatoes, and onion straws.  Simple, but perfect.  Dessert was a hickory nut pie with house-made vanilla ice cream.  This was the best of many very good meals that I had in Madison.  The service was friendly, knowledgeable, and prompt.  I will definitely be back when I return to this great town.
2	My review stars probably aren't really fair.  Tonight I took my boys to Graze and I was so excited to let them enjoy the view and have a nice dinner.  The burgers are amazing but I ordered the chicken and waffle.  It was horrible.  I didn't eat it and hoped my waiter would ask if there was something wrong with it.  But he didn't so I paid $16 for a dinner I did not enjoy at all.  My boys liked the waffle and I left the chicken.  It was dry and seemingly over cooked.I still like the place.  Love the popcorn and I think the burgers are great but the chicken and waffles stink.
5	An amazing farm to table restaurant that  is extremely affordable. Food that comes from so close just tastes better, everything we had didn't disappoint. -Beet and Walnut Pub Burger with a side salad yummy wow. -roasted seasonal veggies, you can taste the freshness -bimtami or whatever was sooo good. Crispy rice. Get the spicy sauce on the side and add in yourself. -YOU MUST GET THE CHEESE CURDS. YOU WILL REGRET IT FOR LIFE IF YOU DONT.
5	The Graze Burger is a MUST ORDER. This is probably the best hamburger I've had in my life (though I still have yet to try the other burger joints in Madison) and it was an absolutely phenomenal experience. The prices are affordable and portions are filling, especially for a premier Capitol restaurant. There was a substantially long wait (we were trying to get dinner on a Saturday evening) but it was well worth it.As of now, Graze is my pick for best Restaurant in Madison.
3	I was not impressed.I ordered the Graze burger. I was expecting fireworks for $21 & the claim "best burger".The Graze Burger was the soggiest and most expensive burger I've ever eaten. The meat patty was tasty. However the garnishing made the bread very soggy and unpleasant to eat. I was hungry and not in the mood to wait any longer for my food.  Perhaps I need to explore the menu a bit more
5	I had the smoked beet salad, which was made with Door County tart cherries, radicchio, some orange pieces, and roasted walnuts.  Also tried a non- alcoholic drink called a rhubarb rise that was terrifically refreshing.  They have a special annotated menu that tells whether each item can be made gluten free.  I appreciate that the waitress asked me if I needed my food prepared separately for allergy concerns.   I would definitely come here again.
3	Been here twice and I just don't see "why all the fuss?" Many people want to blame my lactose and non-beef issue, but there are so many other great restaurants in Madison that easily remove those items, and I can still eat like a fat cat. I've been for both brunch and dinner now. Brunch - got the chicken and waffles - meh. The chicken was average breading and bland to slightly salt taste. The waffle was ok as well, nothing that makes me want to come back. But it did sustain my hunger for a couple of hours (portion size was decent).Dinner - I ordered the beet burger b/c they couldn't even fathom changing out ingredients to fit my diet issues. I found this interesting from the restaurant of the top chef, in Madison, a foodie-wannabe town. They gave me a gluten free menu, and the only dairy-free (and gluten-free) items were beef or pork....or this horrible beet burger. So I got the pub burger, can't do beef, so a friend said the beet-walnut burger was good. Didn't like the sound of it, but gave it a whirl. So I've been a fan of walnut burgers every since I found the "General Store" in Kettle Morraine (south division). But this is not a walnut-beet burger.... this is a beet-walnut burger. HEAVY on the beets, and not that yummy vinegar soaked kind. All you taste is dirt, that earthy gritty dirt, like you just pulled the beet out of the ground and started chomping. I think the walnut in there is just to add thickness, but there was no walnut flavor that night. Even my friend who suggested it, ordered it, and wasn't a fan (that night?) either. I also tried the oysters - very good, and 3 different ones to chose from, although it took some persuasion to get my 1/2 dozen to be ALL one kind? (never had to argue for this). Tasted the bone marrow and pulled pork - bone marrow was goo, but the pork tasted nice - decent BBQ sauce, shredded good, but more sauce than pork (I come from a Q state and grew up on it).Also tasted the mussel's sauce - spicier than I was expecting. Not sure if I had ordered that I could have finished it without taking a few breaks or a glass of (faux) milk! My dinner friend who ordered it said the mussels were cooked good. One other thing that bothered me and some others in the 9 person group: our group is split men and women, we haven't seen each other in a couple of months, we're all standing at the bar, saying our hellos, and then trying to get drinks. I wait about 5 minutes to get noticed and another 3-5 min to get the drink. I'm half way into my drink and my party starts moving around, grumbling. The host or someone had asked us to leave the area and wait in the lobby/hallway/foyer. We hadn't even had time to get "rowdy" (not that we are that type of group anyway)! The rationale: we were taking up too much space? We were as pressed against the bar as we could be, I was on the outside of the group, and there was still at least 2 feet from us to the person sitting at a table. Maybe this is a code, but the staff didn't give warning first? Here I am holding a $9 drink, knowing 9 x 9 = $81 (plus the few some of the early members had), thinking is this how you wanna lose money? the big group? really? Did they send someone to check on us? nope. The rest of the dinner group (8 others) were split about loving it or thinking it was "eh, good."Overall, not very friendly for large groups nor for dietary restricted people, unless you just love a plain ol' $21 beef burger? Only 2 main dish vegan items - the beet burger was one, and some darn hash is the other (the seasoning there comes from kim chee, which I like, but come on! a hash!?) Haven't been to a nice Madison place without a fish on the menu or ppl willing to work with the chicken item in a while. Sorry to those who love this place, but I won't be "grazing" there any time soon.
4	I was feeling indecisive amongst my Madison bookmarks and proferred the wife to make a selection amongst my selections. I hardly had to spit out the word Graze and its connotations before she made that her choice. I didn't complain; a bit of homework led me to understand that Graze is run by a Bearded chef. That's Beard, as in James Beard. Shaken, not stirred.Graze sits a modest, modernist glass case of emotion directly across from the Capitol. It's connected to its sister restaurant, the starry-eyed named L'Etoile. The view from either is quite spectacular.Of course, a place that calls itself Graze screams farm to table, though exactly what farms are left unclear by the menu. The menu, like the chef-owner, has a Korean slant to it, with Wisconsin farm overtones. It also has a $21 burger purported to be one of the best in America.It is perhaps unfair that I had just eaten the best burger in Chicago, the meticulously simple concoction at Au Cheval. So, and especially for a Jackson plus Washington, there was barely a chance for Graze's burger to equate. Graze's burger is good, and there are parts that are great--the tangy caramelized onions, the delicious on-the-side aioli, and the wonderful fried egg I stole from my wife's bibimbap bowl.Here's where it falls short. The first is the at times delicious and at other times overtly sour-acidic patty. It's a combination of bacon, sirloin, ground beef, and short rib, and if you just drooled on your phone or computer screen a little, it's OK. That all sounds as mouth-watering as it should, but the patty was a little too big, didn't hold together well enough, and was splashed with just too much Worcestershire-cabernet jus, killing the proper taste of the meat. The second is the fact that the burger plain done fell apart, whether from too much jus, too much meat, or my daft idea that a stolen fried egg would be the cherry on top. Burgers. Shouldn't. Fall. Apart. Period. (And if they do, as in they are meant to, you had better dang well wrap the sucker in white paper first.)Extremely high expectations for the burger aside, the meal went really well. The cheese curds, a delicacy we had to order, this being Wisconsin and all, were fantastic. Special kudos to the house ranch that tasted a mite like tartar sauce, a plus for me. The pickle board was also a great deal of fun, with six different pickled plates ranging from kimchi to beets in a citrus vinaigrette. Yes, kimchi--remember the Korean thing. As we hadn't had Korean food during our duration in Chicago, now approaching eight months, the wife narrowed in on the bibimbap bowl. The gochujang and its spiciness set her back a bit, but the bowl was chock full of fresh, delicious vegetables and marvelous blocks of crispy fried rice. Even at its price point, the bibimbap was tasty and impressive.Too full for dessert, I'll call the night here. Graze is a great space with charming, inviting decor and a solid wait staff. If the burger had been mindblowingly good and worth the price tag, this would be a five-star review. But like I said, it was a high bar to reach, and a fantastic meal nonetheless.
5	So, they have cheese curds on the breakfast menu. I think that is really all I need to say. ;)  But really, the cheese curds are amazing, as is everything else I've eaten for brunch there.  I've gone the sweet route and the savory route and never been disappointed.  My favorite part is the list of local providers on the back. I love knowing that Graze supports Wisconsin farmers and food producers.  Check it out. You won't be disappointed!
5	MAGIC. COFFEE. Try it, and you won't regret it. It really is magical. I've been here on two different locations, once during the summer and again during the winter. The menu is seasonal so they are constantly switching things up. Their pretzel is delicious. Salty because of the excess rock salt found on the pretzel, but delicious. I got their beet salad in the summer with some cheddar and mixed greens. Beets and cheddar... who would have thought the combination of the two would be so delicious? In the winter, I ordered their bibimbap... which was an interesting experience. I'm Korean, born and raised in Los Angeles where the  Korean population is HUGE. Having said this, having fried rice (literally fried) with ground pork in my bibimbap was a new experience. It wasn't bad, actually it was quite good. I should warn you though, the gochuchang (the red pepper paste) is spicy. Like burn your tongue, I need a giant glass of milk spicy. It starts off sweet, but it'll build faster than you think and leave your mouth on fire. Graze is amazing. It's an affordable, alternative restaurant that you should really check out while here in Madison. It offers locality, seasonal goods and a freshness that really can't be beat.
4	Fried Chicken & Waffle. Need I say more?! Get it, it's delicious. Everything I've  eaten at Graze has been very good.They have a very good brunch, too. It's rather pricey for what you get, sure, but it's well-made and sourced locally.
5	Always amazing, always fresh. Service is great. Amazing fries.
4	The best chocolate chip cookies, hot out of the oven, takes 20 min to make - cannot be beat. Drinks - A big plus, great bartender, standard fare well done. Food - I would give the food '3 stars'. I think it is good and I will go back but not something I miss sooo much that I need to go there. That might also be because I went there way too many times last year. It looks all fancy and all from outside, but prices are decent and the wait is no more than 30 mins most days; and if you go later you can sit down easily, especially in small groups. Will I go there again and again - Yes :)
5	Graze is my favorite local gastropub. It's a great place to take just about anyone--they have dressed-up and dressed-down options, and they can adjust their menu to accommodate everything from veganism to gluten intolerance. Plus, half the dinner menu changes every month or two, so you can go back repeatedly and not see the same things. The other half of the dinner menu stays put, so you have some go-tos if you aren't into options accompanied by root vegetable puree. It can get a little pricey, but there are also cheaper options, so it works out. Some of my favorites include the Graze burger and the bibimbap (a spicy Korean dish that's basically meat or tofu + veggies + rice), both of which are on the perennial menu. For appetizers, you can't beat the cheese curds, but the deviled eggs and popcorn sure try. And for dessert, treat yourself to some milk and cookies. They take a bit because they fresh bake them, and they're worth every minute of the wait. Besides dinner, Graze has a decadent brunch menu (Nutella French toast, anyone?) and an inventive drinks menu that changes often. They also locally source everything they can.
2	Gosh, I so want to love this place. The magic coffee is, well, magical.The space is lovely and the staff is terrific. But the menu is lame, and so are the renderings of the few things I would want to eat. They try too hard to be clever or "hipsterish", throwing good culinary sense out the window.For example, the burger. They manage to really screw this up to the point that I wonder if they have a vegetarian from some other exotic country who has never even had a  hamburger, much less a great one. A million dollar restaurant should be putting out a burger that people drive for 200 miles to eat. Their attempts at Asian food make me think they have a vegetarian from, well , the midwest, who has never tasted the way these things ought to taste. I come here from time to time to enjoy the wondrous space and am confounded by the utter lack of anything worth ordering, and when I do, I'm consistently underwhelmed by the flavors.
3	Went for lunch today...nice high ceiling restaurant with an open floor plan.  Wasn't packed but the hostess wouldn't want to give me a table.  I was first offered a bar seat, I asked for a table, then offered a high table seat although there were tables open.  No biggie maybe she was expecting a crowd that never came because tables were open when I left.  Pork buns - had better like at Ippudo in NYC or even Lucky Belly in Honolulu.  The steamed buns came out mushy, not sure if they were made wrong or the day from the pork made them soggy. Sandwich/soup combo - Chicken chipotle soup was the best of the three.  Nice hot soup on a cold day was nice.  It was tasty and had tortilla chips in it. - Hot Italian beef sandwich, haven't had an authentic Italian beef sand before but it just tasted off.  The waiter was attentive and was honest with recommendations.  I like the fact he left a pitcher of water to give me the option of self refill, but I never had to as he came by every time to top it off.   Full bar with a decent selection of local beers.  Elected to skip this time cause I had an empty stomach and think I was already dehydrated and getting a headache.
3	The biggest draw for us was that this restaurant's menu is all local. The staff was super friendly and they are very knowledgable about each dish. The restaurant wasn't crowded at all and was perfect for a nice early dinner on the square with some friends.The cocktails were good. We each had a different one from the menu. Nothing super yummy so we all just ordered one. The apps were alright. We had the pretzel with the best creamy cheese you could ever have and some other mustard spreads. Then the pickle platter which was interesting but I'm sure a pickle connoisseur would have loved it! Our friends ordered the Mac N' Cheese and the Toasted Farro. My partner and I had the pub burger and a Fried chicken and waffle.Our friends said they liked their meals but didn't say much else. My partner thought her burger was good and the fries were okay. My fried chicken and waffle were good but again nothing phenomenal. I've had better waffles at IHOP and fried chicken from Church's chicken to say the least.Again since everything is local - you are paying top dollar for a little bit of food. When the food doesn't seem fantastic then you leave thinking "Wow, we could have had a more savory meal at home for half of the money." I was really hoping to taste some magnificent food that would keep me craving more until I came back. This wasn't that experience.
3	A very awesome vibe to the restaurant. Staff is always very friendly. The drinks are absolutely fantastic, but the food has never impressed me, with the exception of the mac 'n cheese. Graze has the BEST mac 'n cheese I've ever come across (to include my own homemade mac). But that's about the only thing I'll ever order there as an entree. Good sides and mac, but otherwise the food and price aren't worth the trip.
4	Defiantly my favorite place for brunch! Some of the highlights include... The beignets, these pillows of love are comparable to those found in New Orleans French Quarter so I've been told. Another notable appetizer is the Sassy Cow cheese curds. A food that we've all had before but done with the finest Wisconsin cheese and battered in a light house made breading, these will be gone in a heart beat. For an entree I would recommend the chicken and waffles which gets some extra pizzaz from the local maple syrup and the seasonal fruit from the farmers market across the street. If you're looking for a hardy breakfast sandwich look no further than the loaded breakfast sandwich. It combines all elements of a wake me up breakfast with bacon, ham, 2 kinds of local cheese, spinach and topped off with a runny egg. Perfection between two pieces of bread.I could say more but why when you can go and sample some of the amazing eats(all made with local ingredients) for yourself, it's sure to be a great start to your Sunday.
3	Great place with very friendly staff. The cheese curds were excellent with crunchy yet gooey texture.  The Graze burger packs a lot of flavor, However overall I found my dish to be on the salty side.  The fries has very good mouth feel, but had so much salt that I can't really taste potato. The schnitzel was quite oily. We waited for 1H15min for this meal, it could have been better.
5	Excellent!  Stumbled across this place on trip to Madison - I may have to do a road trip just to return to Graze!  Beautiful view of the capital in a trendy atmosphere.  Server was just wonderful and very knowledgeable about everything on the menu.  The beet salad is an explosion of diverse flavors and textures: sweet beets and figs, buttery crunchy crostini, creamy goat cheese - wow!  Being informed that the Graze Burger won best burger in the U.S. by James Beard, I had to give it a try - it held up to that reputation!
4	Came here with some family for drinks and dessert. I like how they use local ingredients for all their food. The server was very knowledgeable about the menu. I had the coffee stout beer and a grasshopper sundae. Both were very tasty! My wife had the Apple crisp. It had good flavor but the "crisp" was more like a crunch (very hard). Beautiful view of the Capitol from the dinning room but the large room made for a very loud environment because of the resonance. Overall, I had a good visit. Make a visit to this place for good service and fresh food made with local ingredients!
5	Graze will always hold a special place in my heart.  I've been there probably more times than I can count, and I have been beyond pleased with my experience every single time.    The views of the capitol through the towering glass windows warrant a visit in and of themselves.  It is about as good of a view as you can get of the capitol from indoors.  Add the view and the overall cool, laid-back atmosphere to a top-notch, eclectic menu, and you have an incredible dining experience that is uniquely Madison.  Like I said, I've been to Graze a lot, and I've loved everything I've tried.  Menu items change, and all the seasonal menu items that I've tried have wow-ed me.  I have fond memories of a braised beef brisket that simply melted in my mouth.In terms of the continuous menu items, the Bipimbap my personal favorite.  They let you know it's spicy, and they are NOT lying, but it is also fresh, flavorful, savory, and unlike anything I've ever tried before.  The cheese curds (!!!) are my favorite in Madison.  They're huge, coated in just the right amount of breading, and served alongside a divine ranch sauce.  The drinks are also commendable.  They're incredibly unique and perfectly mixed (also, NOT weak).  Totally worth the money.I highly recommend Graze to anyone and everyone, and I've brought almost everyone I care about here at least once (everyone has raved about it, and I have a feeling it wasn't just to make sure I didn't feel bad).I love you Graze! Always and forever!
5	My coworker and I decided to do lunch here after dropping off coworkers at the airport.  We decided to spend the rest of the day walking around Madison.  We got ate around 1 which seemed to be a perfect time- the lunch rush was over!  Our waiter was excellent and very helpful as far as the menu was concerned.  My friend had the blue moon beef which is only available in Wisc- she loved it and wanted to take a case home.  We both ordered the Korean BBQ sandwich.  Heaven in my mouth! It was the perfect balance between spicy and sweet.  Our waiter enticed is with the bourbon pecan pie- again a hit!  Very rich and sweet so it's good we ended up sharing 1 portion!  Now that we've had a taste of Graze... We want more! Next Epic trip will include dinner at Graze.  Btw all their food is locally sourced and tastes like it too!
5	I am sold on their lunches, dinners and weekend brunches. This is a must-go regardless of the time of the day, they have great stuff to fill you up for your meal of choice. Their menu changes with the seasons since they source locally. So the best thing I would suggest is to look up their menu online before heading down if you like to have an idea of what to order in advance. There hasn't been any item on their menu which I do not like so far, and I have been there more than 15 times in total and still counting. Some of their specialties I like include the now-in-season bimbimbap burrito (served during weekend brunch), pork belly buns (appetizer), korean BBQ pork (lunch) and rigatoni & emu meatballs (dinner). Feel free to order whatever that excites you on the menu, they haven't disappoint so far!!Service has always been excellent for me. I also love how they are so knowledgeable about the menu and so willing to make substitutes for your orders. They really go out of their way to make your dining experience with them as enjoyable as possible. They don't take reservations, so as you would expect summer Saturdays will be super busy for them since there is the outdoor farmer's market. If you just happen to be craving some freshly baked pastries or a coffee/tea/lemonade, just stop by their little stall right outside the restaurant. They have awesome croissants, cookies, danishes etc.So are weekday dinners, yes, even Monday to Thursday too. That goes to show how good and popular Graze is!! My tip would be to go for early lunch )before 11:45 am, or early dinner (before 5:45 pm). Oh wait, now that I openly share my tip, maybe they will start getting a bigger crowd during these 'non-peak' periods ~~~
3	I came here for dinner on a Friday night (first mistake). The wait was atrocious. We waited for over an hour and a half (second mistake). I think this is why I don't remember much of my experience. From what I can remember they had bomb cocktails! I do not remember how the food was. I know I got the ever-popular mac n' cheese. I want to say it was just alright since I don't remember - probably meaning: It was just alright. Looking at the menu right now and props to Graze for their unique dishes and combinations and of course, all locally grown ingredients.
2	Four of the five times I've been there, only once did I get a moist burger.  Yet again today, I got a dry burger (the standard). I've tried their Mushroom and Swiss, Farmhouse, Standard, and DLUX burger.  My favorite item from this place are their sweet potato fries w/ the siracha mayo sauce.
5	Great food. Everytime I have been hear I have really enjoyed it. Great food pairings. It is expensive but there are some reasonable options next to the 30 dollar fish.  I have made it out for my last two birthdays in Madison. My father ate the rainbow trout here a year or so ago and said it was the second best meal he has ever eaten, the first being the space needle.
3	Honestly I'm not a particularly big fan of Graze. On the couple of times I've been, my food has been well prepared and tasted good. My problem is for a place that is trying to do chef'd-up comfort food, the portions are too small and prices too high. They call themselves a gastropub but to me there's just not that chill pub vibe. Too much sleek, modern, overly composed wannabe fine-diningness. Again, the food is pretty good, but I've never left the place feeling like I've gotten a good value. I'm willing to throw down plenty of money in a restaurant, just here I feel like I spend too much for what I get.
4	Tried this spot for brunch on Sunday, I hadn't been there since an unimpressive visit about a year ago. The bibimbap breakfast burrito is one of the best brunch dish ideas I've seen, and it delivered. Crispy rice as advertised, spicy without sacrificing flavor.  All constituent parts were cooked perfectly and held up in combination.  I will be back more often.
5	Great selection of local food.  Everything is delicious.  The service was very professional and polite. We'll be back!  Seating can be hard to find so be prepared to wait.
1	Prices for a simple fried chicken waffle brunch were really high but the food was awful.  Dry,  uninteresting chicken and cold waffle and syrup.  I expected far better for $16. It took the kitchen ten minutes to heat up the syrup for the cold waffle.  Another adjacent table had a similar issue.  Time to start searching elsewhere for a new, trendy,  good eatery.
3	Have eaten and drank here many times, and there are a few good things on the menu. Get the regular burger, skip the Graze burger. Korean influenced choices are solid. Drinks are always solid. Bartenders are awesome, servers a little less attentive than desired, but they're very busy.
4	Good food! It can be a little expensive, but quality. The cheese curds were worth the buy. They have a good happy hour, but otherwise, I've never been here for a meal. As a student and then young professional starting out, it was just too expensive.
5	This place is what a restaurant should strive to be.  I wish it was in placed in Chicago because I would go there every week!  Yes.. I would allow this place to drain me of all my funds and savings so I can savor their seasonal delicacies that is inspired by Mother Nature's bounty.Last time I was here, I had my favorite fusion caprese salad.  It was fried Zucchini Blossoms topped on a bed of Wisconsin Fresh Mozzarella and Wisconsin Heirloom tomatoes, with a generous drizzle of Korean Gochujang aoili.  Don't know what Gochujang is?  Google it.  This time, I couldn't resist and went with a healthy 3 course menu.  As my starter, I had their grilled asparagus with Muenster Cheese Curds.  mmmmm.... it was decorated with shavings of fresh asparagus!  The contrast in the vegetables was amazing!  Same vegetable... with 2 totally different taste!  \Entree:  Vietnamese Sausage with Coconut Rice and Homemade Daikon Vegetables.  It tasted like a deconstructed bahn mi with a side of coconut rice.  I wonder what it would taste like in a bahn mi sandwich?  Chef.. could you make this happen one day?  :)  Maybe let me know too if you make this happen so I can drive up from Chicago.Dessert:  Grasshopper sundae with Italian Merengue.  I almost wished I had a 2nd stomach so I can fit this whole sundae in my already stuffed belly.  Words can't describe the warm and creamy, heavenly delight.  Look at the pictures.  Go soon because what I just described might not be there next week.
4	My family and I went to Graze on May 30 to have my post-birthday celebration. What a beautiful space - volume ceilings and so much natural light! My first impression was a good one. It's a laid back/casual environment which I really enjoyed.  Our server, Jesse L., was just so lovely and genuine - she took great care of us. The rhubarb lemonade and wine were all so good! We had heard a lot about the cheese curds so we ordered those as an appetizer to share.  They were wonderful and honestly, the most enormous cheese curds I've ever seen. My only disappointment was the "ranch" dipping sauce which was just way too sweet for my taste.For dinner, my husband got the mac & cheese with pork and the asparagus appetizer as a side. Both were very, very tastey. I ordered the $21 Graze burger and people, seriously, it was worth every penny. The rich, decadent combination of meats smothered with caramelzied onions on a brioche bun - it was ridiculously good! I paired it with the greens covered in a champagne viniagrette that was a perfect, light pairing to my burger. My mom got the chicken and waffles which she loved - cinnamon, cardamom, salty, crunchy, golden goodness. And my mom's girlfriend went with the lemongrass sausages & coconut rice - she was very happy with her dinner as well. It was a great first experience and we will definitely be back!!!
5	Loved this place during a visit to see friends in Madison.  Very organic and farm to table concept.I had the Bibimbap, which had a ton of vegetables, pork, and a really nice spicy sauce.  It was a great portion.  My wife had the Beet & Walnut Burger.  She just couldn't get over how awesome it was.  We were in Madison 4 days and only went to Graze once.  Next time, I will go every day!  It was that good.
3	Infiltrated by streams of light, creatively designed, Graze is a beautiful space. While I have not done so yet, I imagine that it is one of the best places to get a drink after work ever.  Graze is gorgeous.Graze also has highly professional, charming wait staff. Graze's food is less consistently excellent, marred chiefly by Graze's ambitions to "be taken seriously." Consider, for example, Graze's pickle plate. Certainly, pickling has experienced a renaissance. And we were carefully told by magazines (three years ago) that it is "what's hot." The truth is, however, pickling is a tricky process. It is entirely too easy to get a brine that is too sweet, too spiced, too salty, and the like. As a result, Graze's pickle plate has six options, two of which are good, four of which are entirely forgettable. Similarly, their noodle bowl was superior, while their tofu club was, well, oily. In short, Graze has big dreams, and sometimes it realizes them.
5	What more can I say about this place that hasn't already been said? The food, the atmosphere, Chef Tory Miller- they just can't be beat. The cheese curds trump even the Old Fashioned's, and I salivate at the mere thought of the beet and walnut burger. Don't even get me started on the bibimbap... Needless to say, the food is otherworldly (in such a simple-and-clean-cuisine way), and the drinks aren't bad either. Graze is the epitome of Madison farm-to-table and I swear I love it more each time I go. Hands down my favorite Madison restaurant.
5	Fresh. Local. Seasonal. Delicious!Graze is one of my favorite restaurants in Madison. I love the emphasis on supporting local farmers and using fresh ingredients.The food is flavorful and nicely plated. Everything I've tried has been great. The burger is juicy and delicious.  The bibimbap was superb and spicy. Every bite is like a party in your mouth!  The drinks here are amazing! My favorite drink at the moment is the springing in the rain drink. The cucumber is very refreshing.This is also a great place for brunch. The scramblers are delicious, and the Bloody Mary's are loaded with goodies!
4	Graze, you have outdone yourself.What a great place for Madison first timers to get the royal WI treatment. Great place to grab a cocktail, sample an array of local cheeses (cheese curds, holla!), and seasonal dishes. I got the most refreshing glass of ginger ale to pair with their hot pretzel and pickle board. Pub Burger w/ beet-walnut pattyAttempted to satisfy my burger cravings while going veggie. I liked the beet patty, but wish I could've substituted the english muffin bun with something else.Great vibe and great views of the capitol building at night. Definite repeat for me next time I'm in Mad-town!
5	Our favorite.  Brunch on the square every Saturday morning with friends.  Food is fresh, wait staff is attentive and so pleasant.  I walk out afterwards thinking that I have the best life.
2	Started off with the pork buns... kim chee was really overpowering with a big pile of cilantro in one spot.  wasn't organized well because each bite either only had kim chee or pork.  Pork and sauce were both good though.Secondly I ordered the Pub Burger.  I ordered it medium rare and got it medium well.  I asked for it with no mustard, but the waitress insisted that it was ok because the condiments all come on the side.  Little did I know that the condiments were all sort of mixed together so I had a hard time getting the ketchup/mayo without the mustard.  Bacon tasted very old.On the side were the fries and aoli.  The aoli was tastless... sort of like mayonnaise. Fries were very over salted and also tasted stale.  I work in a restaurant so I know what stale fries taste like...Service was very slow......not planning on returning for a very long time
3	Lovely setting, very good brunches & lunches, but after 5-6 times over the last few years, it's clear the Graze cooks just can't prepare a good dinner. Excellent ingredients but consistently put together in ways that don't work - the food just tastes 'blah' and this has been noted by numerous people I've hosted. In addition, the three Pub Burgers we ordered last night were all *very* well done despite requests for two mediums and one medium rare. I usually order 'well done' but have been trying to train myself to like medium burgers and the one I got was like a hockey puck wrapped in hay. The cooks should visit Dotty Dumpling's Dowry to learn how to cook a burger to order.
2	Food and service were decent nothing impressive. We had the pub burgers which turned out to be ok. The seasonal punch - way too sweet, and  pork belly appetizers which were the highlight of the meal.I think the brunch will fare better.
4	I had the Cuban sandwich and soup for lunch.  The soup was curry parsnip with shrimp ceviche, which was fantastic.  The sandwich was also good, but the highlight for me was the soup.  I also got the specialty lemonade and it was also very good.The service was fine, but the food took a while to arrive.  Considering it was busy it wasn't a big deal.My only complaint and it's a minor one is that there was not free refills on the specialty lemonade. It was good.
4	Very nice Sunday brunch. Varied menu. Tasty food.  Adjacent to the Capitol Building.  Not as crowded as some of the other brunch places ( with food just as good).
2	I gotta say I was disappointed. We went for lunch. Ordered a half sandwich and soup - grilled cheese and sweet pea. Definitely not impressed. Soup was fine but too much cream. Grilled cheese was uninspired. Hardly any cheese. Grilled onion flavor dominated. My friend orders the pulled pork sandwich and substituted fries for the cheese curds.  The sandwich had hardly any meat. How is that even conceivable?  The cheese curds were meh, sent them back for a salad. Mixed greens. Service notes:  ... The waitress didn't tell what items weren't available. Of course I picked the one not available. ... I asked to taste the soup before I ordered it. Kitchen said no. I said fine I'll send it back if I didn't care for it. It was ok. ... They brought us the wrong meals. Unimpressed. And honestly, I was so looking forward to it.
3	This is my second time here in Madison, and I promised myself that I would check out this spot because of is sustainable, farm to table ingredients. Tonight I chose the wedge salad, pate and gyro meatballs. First off, the pate was great. It was wrapped in bacon and served with crostinis, pickles and mustard/fill sauce. I also had the gyro meatballs. This was good, too, but I really shouldn't have had both the late AND the meatballs...I am about to burst out of my pants!Lastly, and most unnotably was the wedge salad. It was their interpretation of this classic salad - mushrooms instead of bacon, sesame ranch dressing and a heaping mound of shredded radish and carrots. Honestly, I would have liked this interpretation of his salad, but the shredded toppings killed it for me. Hopefully this isn't my last visit to Madison, and I hope this doesn't turn me away from this restaurant. I would definitely be back to try other things.
2	The food tastes good. The portions are tiny and very overpriced. We had mac and cheese, chicken and waffles and 2 fish fry with a coupla glasses of wine, and it cost WELLLLL over $100 -- for a tiny mac and cheese, small waffle with 2 small pieces of fried chicken and 2 fish fry IN WISCONSIN -- we were still hungry and ordered a soft pretzel so the kids wouldn't complain about being hungry at the show we went to afterwards......pretty disappointed. Usually I have a hard time choosing what to order because everything looks good. Not so here. Everything is kinda junk-food-y.
5	Have never gone wrong at graze- live very close and frequent there, especially for their great happy hour. The only bummer (but also slightly very fun) thing is that they have a seasonal menu- so when you have something amazing (and almost everything is!) it will pretty much likely be gone the next time you  are gone. Definitely go .
4	What a great find from yelp! We walked in without reservations, were told it would be a 30mins or so wait. Decided to hang out by the bar while waiting. We were able to find a spot, so we ordered pork bun abd 1/2 order of cheese curds while waiting. Pork bun was relatively smaller than those we have in NY, taste wise it was pretty good. The cheese curds were amazing! We were seated before we finished our appetizers,  but the hostess so gracefully moved us with our appetizers.  For dinner we enjoyed a steak and mussels. Both dishes were done very well and tasted good. Service was a little slow, but friendly. Love the high ceilings and great view of capitol. Overall, a great fancier meal in madtown!
4	Always delicious and interesting. Great cocktails too. The cheesy polenta was miracle food.
3	Food is good with the emphasis on local.   Service was also good.  No kids menu or even particularly kid friendly food.  No reservations,  no call ahead seating.   The thing preventing me from rating it higher was this space is loud.  1:30 pm for Sunday Brunch this place was full, on a wait and I can't hear myself think loud.  By the time we left it was half empty (closing time), and the noise level was ok.  Perhaps plan your visit off peak.
5	This is a great place. Good crowds and friendly service, good food and great drinks. Our first visit we had bone marrow and this is the best that we've had. We also had pork belly bun outstanding! and full of flavors. Lastly, we had the cheese curds. This is the first time we've had it and it was good.   The next day he had eggs Benedict and noodle bowl and we loved it. Also, the spicy bloody mary was awesome! With A beer chaser wow! If we ever come back to Madison, this is the first place that we will go to.
4	One of my favorite atmospheres in Madison, and in my opinion, the best cheese curds. Entrees can be hit or miss, so I usually like to go for a glass of wine & an appetizer. Pork buns are another must!
4	Always a good spot to get together with friends, at any time of day. Great spot for dinner (the pork mac and cheese or bibimbap, anyone?), excellent to just grab evening drinks (beer options are well selected), and a fun brunch spot (bloody marys and the bibimbap burrito). Only negative is the wait during peak hours-- wish they took reservations.
3	I'm still not impressed by this place. The atmosphere is great and the drinks are strong but the food is just ok :-/ * the drinks are strong at most bars/restaurants in Madison :-)Pickle board- okPub Burger- almost not edible because it was over cooked....like eating cardboard :-(Hickory Nut Bourbon-Caramel Pie- absolutely delicious. It's very similar to pecan pie, my favorite.
5	This is a great place. Good crowds and friendly service, good food and great drinks. Our first visit we had bone marrow and this is the best that we've had. We also had pork belly bun outstanding! and full of flavors. Lastly, we had the cheese curds. This is the first time we've had it and it was good.   The next day he had eggs Benedict and noodle bowl and we loved it. Also, the spicy bloody mary was awesome! With A beer chaser wow! If we ever come back to Madison, this is the first place that we will go to.
4	I need to come here to eat but we can for the later happy hour that was from 9-11! I was excited to hear about this reverse happy hour because all beers were buy one get one. I was in the mood for a ginger beer cocktail and opted for the Open Sesame which included - Pimm's, Graze cucumber and ginger shochu, Canton, lime, ginger beer. The drink cost about $12 which was a little pricey but delicous! I will return to get food!
2	Rather underwhelmed by the food here. The atmosphere is trendy and very hipster, somewhat loud. The food is just okay.  I ordered 1/2 sandwich and 1/2 soup. The minestrone tasted like the pan drippings from a pork roast with some tiny pasta thrown in. The pulled pork Cuban was more like just a plain Cuban, as the pulled pork had very little flavor. My husband ordered the Pub burger with fries and a garlic aolie. The fries and sauce were good, but the burger was nothing special.
5	Graze, oooh Graze! If you are lucky to get a table, you are in for a treat. There is a reason why you waited for an hour to get a table. Graze works closely with local Wisconsin farmers. That means that the food is made out of fresh local produce. Everything on the menu is simply delicious. And the cheese curds are THE BEST IN TOWN!!!
5	Graze is my one of my top 3 restaurants in Madison. The bibimbap is phenomenal, and their cheese curds are the best in Madison! Atmosphere is great too. They don't take reservations, so go early on a weekend, or enjoy the wait by walking around the Square.  Their drink list is awesome too - and if you like wine, try their keg wine. It's delicious!
4	Best place for brunch in Madison.  The atmosphere is unlike any other.  Great mimosas and bloody marys.  Food is always consistently good, but not the best I've had.  I'll always return for Sunday fun day with my girlfriends.
5	We had a really spectacular meal here for my partner's birthday the other week. We already can't wait to return.Even though it was a Friday night and a little crowded, we were happy to wait for a table at the bar, enjoying two craft cocktails off the menu. Both of the drinks were excellent. I liked their system of texting when our table was ready.For the meal, we went all out and ordered two appetizers -- the fried cheese curds and the deviled eggs. They were both delicious, especially the cheese curds. For the entrees, my partner had the steak and I had the pan-fried gnocchi. Both were incredible. We washed it all down with some Bulleit bourbon on the rocks, which was fairly priced. We were too stuffed for dessert, unfortunately!Surprised to see others were underwhelmed by the food, we thought they knocked it out of the park -- and this is coming from someone very used to the excellent restaurants Chicago is filled to the brim with.
5	Great restaurant and great food. This place knows how to do it all. Quite possibly the best place in Mad town. To be fair, I haven't tried enough. I was in for breakfast and for dinner-ish snacking. Everything was great. Surprisingly, both times our wait wasn't that long. I definitely suggest it.
5	I've been to Graze several times now & seem to have made it a habit to come for special occasions including my own birthday. The view of the capitol building with the floor to ceiling windows makes for a great happy hour spot, not to mention their amazing craft cocktails. I have only sat down to eat one time but when I did - I felt that our server was very attentive & gave us a great experience.
3	Went for anniversary dinner, and was not that impressed. My gnocchi had a very strong fennel flavor, which isn't a favorite. I should have read the description more closely I guess. The pork belly sliders were my favorite part of the meal, followed by the curds. The cask Red wine was also good. BF wasn't wild about his $21 burger, I thought the Swiss cheese flavor was too strong. Loved the aioli that came with the fries though.
3	3 stars for my food choice might give it another try though. Like the place and the farm to table aspect. Had the bima whatever dish. Not so good to me. Spicy and different just not my thing. The coffee was decent. The curds were not as good as old fashion. The lemonade they make is awesome. Make sure to get your dessert right away as they sell out quickly. Missed out on the peanut butter doozie.
5	We visited Graze for brunch on a Sunday, and the food was absolutely delicious. I went to this place based solely on the positive reviews, and the Yelpers were right! My husband had a burrito, and I had the kielbasa with eggs and hash browns. We were all members of the clean plate club that day. I think my favorite thing was the fancy french donuts (beignets). They were freshly made and so good I immediately wished we'd ordered two plates. The location is beautiful, and the restaurant is very cool inside. Our service was pretty good, too. We brought our young sons with us, and they loved the food as well. If I lived closer to this place, I'd want to visit all the time. This wasn't a cheap meal, but I felt like the quality of the meal was well worth the cost.
4	Beautiful backdrop, the Capital, and glass front from floor to ceiling is wonderful.  Love the chocolate cookie dessert!  Oysters and mussels were delicious.
5	Yuuuuum for lunch, careful of the prices though, and don't go if you're starving. I came in knowing and prepared for the prices though so I was fine with it. Especially with those fried cheese curds. Man, those things are how cheese curds were meant to be. It's not on their lunch menu but you can get just a half order for 5$ if you want! Which is probably plenty for other people. I, on the other hand, could've eaten those fried cheese balls of heaven forever.
5	Very impressed.  Everything was spectacular.  From the spot itself, and it's ambiance, to the well thought out menu, locavore food, preperation, delivery, and service.  Well done!I started out with a WI made saison with rhubarb.  Unique and delicious.  For some reason I am a complete sucker for wedge salads.  Had to give it a try.  Glad I did.  This wedge is a little less typical, including the obligatory iceberg lettuce, but topped with smoked mushroom, blue cheese, ranch & sesame "french" dressing.  Outstanding.  For my entree I went with a vegetarian option.  This is not something I normally do.  No meat, all vegetarian usually screams "side dish" to me.  I couldn't resist with this though.  Pan fried rye gnocci tossed with a variety of roasted veggies and a cauliflower puree.  Not only was it beautiful, it was absolutely delicious.  The order was on the smaller side, but honestly I was happy.  In the meantime I had added on a couple of WI based IPA's and was starting to get full.  I was happy to have room for some cheese to finish the night.Ended my night with a bottle of WI Belgian sour cherry lambic style beer along with a selection of cheeses.  There were a great number of cheeses to choose from, from at least 4 different WI area farms.  My only complaint, and it is small - the printed descriptions of the cheese were lacking information.  Just as happens with craft beers these days, I have no idea what "old curmudgeon" is.  Thankfully my server jumped to action and came up with 4 selections, one from each farm, and all different from each other.  He also hand wrote a quick note to me, explaining what each cheese was.  Great service - very well done.Graze is  a very rare, well polished, locally concerned, gem of a restaurant.  The staff is so professional, knowledgeable, and well trained, that their service comes off as casual, and completely un-stuffy.GO
5	I went to Graze last night and had the beet salad and Mac n Cheese, both were excellent. The beet salad has lightly dressed greens over a bed of al dente roasted beets topped with a table spoon of goat cheese each, garnished with candied walnuts. The Mac n Cheese came in a nice matted black cast iron dish with light bread crumbs on top. It was creamy with a hint of sharpness from the 10 year aged cheddar. Very good service and we were seated immediately at around 5 pm.
5	Been here several times since visiting our son at UW. Always liked the place and the food, but this past trip (8-29-14) we had a 5 star experience. First off, as before, we ordered some deviled eggs as a starter, and they were really tasty. I drank a Kir Royale (with cava and Creme de cassis). WOW!! Refreshing!! My wife, son and I then shared a bowl of mussels (a bit spicy for my taste) and a fresh salad, and then dove into some fabulous oysters. We all finished off with some artisan cheeses and meats that were out of this world. Also had some keg wine which was really good.The bartender and server were very knowledgeable and totally there for us. The vibe here is really Wisconsin friendly. The view of the capital across the street is special.Thanks Graze!!
5	GRAZE was such a treat, from start to finish. Every aspect of this place was a win! It felt upscale but simplistic at the same time. We ordered off the happy hour menu- coffee, cheese board, pork bun, salad, and cheese curds--- a must! If you don't try the curds you are doing it wrong. Visiting from Seattle and just driving through Madison for the day, I'm happy we went here. Check it out
3	Definitely a great place, but I couldn't get over thinking it was over rated and over priced. The food is fresh and tastes good, but the portions were small and I felt they were quite varied between the dishes. If you get really excited about "farm-to-table" you might give them an additional star, but there are tons of restaurants in Madison serving farm fresh/responsible ingredients without going on and on (and on) about it every chance they get.Would I come back? Sure, but not until I eat at a lot of other places first.
4	Great place to go for lunch...  but awful acoustics.   Everything echoes.   Best cup of coffee in town, but smaller than anticipated serving size ( need more than a few pieces pieces of  soggy lettuce to call it a side salad)        But this is where I will always bring my out of town guests for lunch for the million dollar view!     Beautiful location!
4	Been here twice and loved it each time.  Great cheese plate and generous sandwiches.  Atmosphere is very relaxing.
4	Yummy! I liked how all of the ingredients were from local farmers. I tried the pork bibimbap. Very good. Large portion but veggies were crisp. I appreciated their American fusion of this dish. Also, I tried the mac with pulled pork. That was delicious. It was hard for me to focus on my meal when the cheesy goodness smell of the mac kept wafering near me. Nice open atmosphere.
5	My husband and I had brunch at Graze this morning. The place sort of feels like an Apple store, but I'm glad we ignored that and went anyways. We shared cheese curds, the bibimbap burrito, and the fried chicken and waffles. It was all fantastic, as was my cappuccino and the Pample Mouse Aperol cocktail. Seriously amazing. I can't wait to visit Madison again so I can get that bibimbap burrito.
3	Items Selected:Charcuterie and Cheese - Carr Valley Mobay (sheep and goat), Hook's 15-yr Cheddar (cow), Hook's Little Boy Blue (cow), Willow Creek Pate de Campagne  (Berkshire Pork, Chicken Liver, Cognac, Quatre Epices), Oxheart Farm's Salt Cured Pork Culatello with Sauce Grebiche, Garlic Ciabatta, Fig Toast, Bread and Butter Pickles, Tomato JamPork Buns - pork belly, pickled vegetables, hoisinFried Cesar's Cheese Curds - vodka batter, house ranchSoft Pretzel - sea salt, house mustards, Widmer's cheeseHickory Nut Bourbon-Caramel Pie Located just steps from the capital and owned by the team behind L'Etoile, my dinner destination later that evening, it was to Graze that my lunch plans led me after a tour of Camp Randall Stadium and although expediting from the kitchen would prove oddly paced, at best, my meal in the sunbathed space left very little to be desired.  Featuring a farm-fresh menu focused heavily on Wisconsin purveyors with floor-to-(20+foot)-ceiling windows offering wide views of the midday bustle outside it was near the rear of the restaurant that I opted for a shaded seat and with a menu of daily specials alongside several signatures a three-course meal of small plates was created, the service itself perfectly pleasant in offering up apologies for long delays from a kitchen that was dreadfully slow in preparing something as simple as a charcuterie board despite the restaurant being less than 1/3 full.  Certainly not starving after a hearty breakfast it was after nearly thirty-five minutes that my selection of three cheeses and two meats with several house-made accoutrements arrived and with each item tallying $3-to-$3.50 aside from the ultra-aged cheddar I'll simply say the additional $5 surcharge was entirely worthwhile, a sharp bite to the golden wedge better than any I tasted in England and just inching out the pate de Campagne for best thing on the pig-shaped board.  Having mentioned issues with the kitchen I was unfortunately only a quarter into the charcuterie when my three hot plates arrived and setting aside the cold board with a bit of annoyance I found even more frustration with the overcooked pork belly, a limp and flavorless bao doing little to improve the flavor as pickled cabbage dominated each bite.  Moving past the buns to things far superior it was next in Graze's signature curds that I did partake and squeaky-as-hell with plenty of brine I greedily dipped each bite in ranch - a flavor I generally dislike adding an aromatic finish to each bite.  No less impressed by a salty pretzel with delicate chew beneath a soft, golden top it was back to the charcuterie that I turned as plates were collected and opting for one of three desserts another long delay would transpire, the twenty minutes thankfully justified by a hot slice of pie loaded with nuts and molten caramel atop a crisp and buttery crust.
5	My favorite place in Madison. I really enjoy taking out of town family members here because of their local food items and the beautiful view of the capital. Every time that I come for breakfast, I always order the special which is usually a scramble and it's always amazing.
5	I've been in here many times since moving to Madison and it is probably my favorite spots to stop in for a late night burger and a beer.  They always have great beers on tap and their pub burger is served on an English muffin.. It's good.  They also have a buy one, get one happy hour that starts after 9pm on tapped beers.  Tough to beat that.  The bartenders I've had have always been friendly as well.
4	I went here for a late lunch. It was fantastic. I had the Korean BBQ which was the perfect blend of flavor and spice. I also had the cheese curds which were huge and packed with delicious cheese. The only thing I did not enjoy was the special lemonade they had. It was unique but not for me. I highly reccomend trying Graze if you are in the Madison area.
2	Meh. I haven't been here in awhile, and tonight's visit was horrible. Very sad, considering several good visits I've had.Our server was terrible, and made no attempt at being pleasant. She seemed miserable, talked very quietly and just didn't seem like she wanted to exist. Never have I had a server who so clearly needed a career change. Also, when we mentioned the over-cooked chicken, she showed no empathy, and merely muttered "I'm sorry" and quickly scurried off. It was very odd.My Mac & Cheese (with pulled pork for extra$) was mediocre, and the pulled pork wasn't very hot. It didn't taste great and was mushy and flavors were muddled. Mac & Cheese is classic comfort food, and this was simply uncomfortable. Not recommended.One of us ordered the Chicken & Waffles-which is usually delicious-and even that was an overcooked mess! The breading was so crunchy that it was painful to eat, like eating sand.The bibimbap was also not amazing.The restaurant remains beautiful, but it gets very loud.At these prices, the food really should be exceptional. It was not. The service was awful. I appreciate the farm-to-table effort, but this visit wiped away all prior visits I've made to Graze. I'll probably be back again, but pray that this was just an "off" night at Graze.
5	This place is great! The ambiance is excellent - you have great Capitol views and tons of light streaming in. The staff is super helpful (my water glass was never empty for long) and the food is creative and local. It's my favorite place to brunch In the city!
5	This place is delicious! A must if you're visiting Madison! Everything here is top of the line. I would recommend just about anything on the menu. The Graze burger is unlike and burger I've ever had, needless to say it is amazing. It is slightly expensive but totally worth it!
4	This place is awesome.Came here for lunch at about 1:30PM, so it was pretty empty. First thing you notice is the extremely white and sleek decor; I thought this place was like a tech company or something when I was walking in. The staff is really attentive and nice; after reading some of the other reviewers I really don't understand the problems with the service. They have cute little water pitchers and tall, skinny glasses so you never have to go thirsty but you can still have water in a reasonably formal manner. It's a little bit pretentious, I admit, but it worked for me.I got the gazpacho soup of the day with toasted bread and goat cheese, beet and walnut burger, and cheese curds. How did a carnivore like me manage to order a vegetarian meal? I have absolutely no idea upon reflection, but whatever; it was all good.The gazpacho soup of the day was good at best on its own, but that goat cheese was absolutely heavenly; and I've had my share of goat cheeses. Perfect for the warm day that it was.Who would've thought that the star of the meal was the cheese curds? Not me. But those cheese curds were better than Old Fashioned cheese curds; and that's saying something. Graze cheese curds are massive. There's just something about the bigger size and tangy dill sauce that kept my mouthgasm going on for a lot longer and repeatedly.That beet and walnut burger also had some serious flavor. The patty had a surprisingly pleasant texture that definitely didn't really remind me of a normal burger, but it was sweet and fragrant while not being overwhelming. To be honest, it almost acted like a buffer between the other flavor explosions in within the burger. My only complaint was that the bun was loaded with grease (from what, even?? It was literally veggies, some sauces, and the patty), especially the bottom. Oil? I can tolerate, especially in a veggie burger. But having to hold the bottom bun coagulating not because of watery juices, but from oil, definitely took away from the experience.The prices were also a touch high here. That walnut burger (alone) would probably have been more appropriately priced at $9, and the cheese curds a dollar or two lower.But overall, a really solid place. Come if you're in the vicinity. Good food, good flavors, good ambience, and good service, for high-ish prices.
3	Did you know that they have 2 for 1 drinks happy hour? Because they do and it is grand. Their dinner options are also wonderful. Their mac n cheese tastes like it has about 16 different interesting and complementary cheeses in it. There are actually only four types, but they are delicious and fun to try to guess. The entire dinner menu is diverse and mouthwatering.Their brunch, however, is very average. For the money, I would go elsewhere.The service is also excellent.
4	Great spot for brunch in downtown Madison. Can't beat the view. A number of high quality options for brunch, and food is always fresh. Limited selection of options for dinner, although their cheese curds are some of the best in town. Brunch preferences are the eggs benedict, corn beef hash, seasonal scrambler, or burrito.
3	I had lunch menu.Nothing special and their food is too oily.
5	Probably my favorite restaurant in Madison, my wife and I got engaged here. The chicken and waffles is always a good choice, but the mussels or the pub burger can't miss either. Great vibe and staff, the bartenders know their stuff. In short, go here!
2	Forced to go back here to attend a meeting. Ugh. We ordered bahn mi and ramen and  gnocchi with squash and brussels sprouts and shared. The bahn mi was inedibly strange tasting -- I LOVE the bahn mi from the saigon sandwich food cart and from Saigon noodles. Go there if you want a real bahn mi.  The ramen noodles were fine, but the broth was SO bland. I had to ask for several condiments to try to give it flavor.....we didn't eat that one either. We all loved the gnocchi and gobbled up the thimble's worth that they put on our plate. Once again, left hungry and broke and determined not to return. Why do people worship this place?
4	My husband and I try to stop here whenever we are in Madison for the week. They have items that suit our young son when he is with us and they have items and suit our tastes as well. The service on the several occasions that we have gone has been great but I don't believe we've ever gone on a particularly busy day.
3	A friend and I stopped for brunch here on 10/4.  I should have done my research to learn that they only do a limited brunch menu all day as opposed to their full menu on Saturday.  I was really looking forward to trying some of the items off the regular menu so I'll save that for another day.I had a bloody mary that was good.  Very different flavor than what I'm used to, and I really enjoyed it.  I had the Burger.  It was ok.  Not bad, not the best I've ever had.  I would eat it again, but when I go back I plan to try some items from the full menu instead.Service was fine.  They were busy, but we were seated right away.  Server was nice and stayed on top of things.All in all, I would go back, nothing turned me off.  And the setting with the windows looking out towards the capital is fantastic.  I look forward to going again sometime!
4	Went here for a late dinner. The restaurant has an amazing selection of local produce. The cheese platter as a starter is great and there is a good set to select from. They have a good selection of fish and meat to choose from for the main dishes. Had the "burger" with fries. The burger has tasty and cooked to specification. The fries were OK but nothing special. They have a great selection of Wisconsin beer. Overall a great meal and I am certainly coming back to try more of their food.
5	I love this place. What a great restaurantWhen I first moved to Madison I saw the restaurant and I thought "Psht, Graze? I bet it's some pretentious vegan restaurant, I don't see me going there anytime soon" (I know I'm a moron) I WAS SO WRONG! This place is wonderful! *and if you're like me, there are LOTS of meat options on the menu (and vegetarian options of course)It's got a great menu (and drink list) and I've been back many many times since my first experience (they serve a fabulous brunch). Some of my favorite things to get there is the cheese platter (just tell your server what kinds of cheese you like and they will make some recommendations), the oysters on the half shell (because that is always a great option, and their carrot cake (I cannot believe it's vegan and Gluten free. I usually don't bother with restrictive diet options like that, but it is SO GOOD)Their menu is always changing so I will make sure to come back sometime in the winter to see the surprises they have in store for me next. Highly recommended, one of my favorite restaurants in Madison
3	Stopped in at Graze for a quick lunch on my way to Devil's Lake State Park. I know L'Etoile gets all the praise but the restaurant is only open for dinner..I was a little surprised (and skeptical) that the menu had so many Asian-inspired dishes but ordered an assortment to "graze" on anyways. Tried the pork buns, cheese curds, pretzel, and bibimbap. The pork buns were unimpressive. The buns were a little too steamy at wet and the pork belly was just okay. I will definitely reserve my pork bun ordering for a Chinese restaurant. The cheese curds were good but I'd still prefer the curds from the WI State Fair any day. The pretzel was decent but the real star would have to be the assorted dipping sauces -- several types of mustard and cheese. As for the bibimbap (the dish I was most skeptical about).. it was actually pretty darn good. It contained Korean BBQ pork, a generous portion of assorted veggies (which I appreciated), and an egg. BUT the best part of the bowl were the surprise little cubes of crispy rice. It added a nice touch of crispiness that I've never before experienced in a bowl of bibimbap. Definitely a pleasant surprise.
4	Forgot my poached egg in the noodle bowl for brunch. Luckily I am a forgiving person. Everything else was delicious. My partner in crime had the eggs Benny and ate that shit like no tomorrow. *hi five, graze*
3	I'm not sure how we ended up at Graze most evenings this summer, but that's just the way the cookie crumbled. Speaking of cookies, I had their cookies and milk three times last month, then went out and bought a gallon of Sassy Cow milk because milk never tasted so good. Before my first Sassy Cow experience here, I thought milk was supposed to taste like the inside of a refrigerator, that's how city I am. Then I went to the World Dairy Expo and learned a lot about the dairy industry and how in most restaurants (except Graze) you should just order chocolate milk if you're going to order milk at all. Graze has consistently good ambiance for dessert and drinks, and it's a nice place with ample seating to take out-of-town guests. On Saturdays you'll have to be willing to wait for a table, but they have a high-tech messaging system, so if you're not scared of the NSA and giving away your mobile phone number to the stranger-hostess, you can wander the square for a second-choice spot in case the wait is long. Sometimes they're adventurous with their brunch and cocktail menu, and sometimes those adventures succeed. I would give their seasonal punches a chance or two, and the bibimbap burrito was a win example. But, be careful what you wish for, because they're so fashion by the time you try getting your hands on an item, it's probably been discontinued and already all over Instagram.
5	I love this place, even as a vegetarian. It's always a treat!
4	I must say, the manager or owner actually contacted me and was displeased I was not happy. So for customer satisfaction they are on top of their game and will go back to try them again. That's the kind of service I expect from quality restaurants!
3	While I'm always happy to tuck into some cheese curds and a burger here (not to mention a good spicy bloody for brunch) I've learned to stay away from the oysters. The past two times I've had to send at least one back. Pull them off the menu if they're not fresh or at least teach staff how to identify a bad one. Yellow liquor and a pungent smell should be key giveaways.
4	Great brunch! Dined here with my family after a wedding. Amazing view of the Capitol building. We really enjoyed the locally sourced ingredients. One of us had some dietary restrictions and the server and kitchen staff created something great for her to eat. LOVED the burrito for brunch. However the loaded sandwich (forget the name) had way too much butter on it. Made it hard to eat. But that was the only downside. There was a little bit of a wait, but they text you when your table is ready. Great way to notify the guest. Definitely would check this place out for another meal to see what else they offer.
4	I went to Graze three times, and I must say, there's a reason I keep going back. The staff was very competent (especially the servers). They really knew what they were talking about and were able to tell me what ingredients were in the menu (and for a menu that's changing with the seasons, that's very impressive). The servers were also very attentive and patient, and I had a positive experience all around. Though the wait was quite long every time (without the option to set a reservation), I would say it was worth the wait each time.Every time I have gone, I always get the bone marrow and my boyfriend gets the cheese curds. The bone marrow at Graze is definitely the best I've had in Madison. I also love the mussels on the menu with the side of bread they offer. With the changing menu, I'm always excited to try new things. Although on the slightly expensive side, definitely worth it. I recommend going on a date or taking your parents when they visit to really impress them. I've gone for both brunch and dinner, and dinner was a slightly better experience, but I do recommend trying both.
4	Came here on the suggestion of a local when we were hangry and needing brunch.We had:Espresso and coffeeBeignets - divineCurds - a bit too large for my taste, but incredibleCoffee- a nice, strong roastChilaquiles - PERFECTIONBibimbap burrito -- the crispy rice was a super nice touch - lovelyI've been to the owner's other spots in town, and just like those, this didn't disappoint.
5	Food was wonderful and had many vegan options.  FYI There are two menus- one of which indicating what food can be modified to be Gluten Free, Vegan, Vegetarian, etc.
5	One of the best places for casual dinner in the city. Uniquely inspired menu from one of the city's best chefs, great wait staff, awesome views of the capital, this place has it all. Pro tip: In a group of 2 on a weekend night, wait for a spot at the bar instead of a table. One will usually open up in 5 mins or less, while the tables take longer than 45.
4	Ok, I gave Graze a 4 because for brunch, they're probably about a 3. But the Graze burger is a surefire 5. I'd skip brunch here and just save room for dinner. The graze burger is honestly one of the better things I've ever tasted.I mean.....fresh ground bacon, sirloin, ribeye & short ribs, caramelized onions, Worcestershire-cabernet jus, Swiss Emmental compound butter, SarVecchio sesame brioche, with fries & aioli (Modify to GF/DF)For brunch, I was fooled into getting the pub burger, thinking it was the Graze burger. DO NOT MAKE THIS MISTAKE. The pub burger is just a burger. The Graze burger is otherworldly. The beet salad is also really nice. The curds are probably top 5 curds in Madison, and I LOVE the truffle popcorn.Ok so for brunch, I've had the chicken fried steak, and others have gotten the pub burger and the corned beef hash. All of them were pretty good, but the portions aren't too large. The chicken fried steak is definitely a favorite of mine, but I wouldn't hate if it were a little bigger.It's pretty tough to get a table at Graze- you should always have someone go at least 30 minutes ahead of when you want to be seated to put in your name (they don't take call ahead reservations). One nice thing is that they'll take your number and text you when your table is ready, so you can explore the area around the capitol while you wait. Also the people-watching from the tables is top-notch. I usually will wait a few more minutes to be seated against the windows. Last thing is that the wait staff comes off as a little pretentious... I've found that it's very hit or miss. Sometimes we'll get someone really relatable and nice, and other times there will be people that I imagine rolling their eyes at me as soon as they turn around. Also what's up with the tiny dishes of ketchup?! I'll take the full bottle, please.
4	Nice place! Try the graze burger.  It's one of the best I've ever had!  They have some nice unique drinks too. They have a focus on using fresh local food from nearby farms. I will be back soon.
5	I recently was at Graze with a friend that is new to Madison. She's gluten free and vegetarian, and wow, did the staff pull out all the stops to help her find something that would meet both her dietary needs. They actually took the time to talk through preparations with her and offered to bring any questions to the chef if needed. That, my friends, is quality service. The bibimbap and aged cocktail I had weren't too bad either and the atmosphere was great. It's always fun to dine below those floor to ceiling windows with the capitol illuminated in the background.
5	Fresh food, locally sourced, and great service are what make this place worth a visit.  I have never had a bad experience at Graze and I frequently take out-of-towners here because I know they'll be impressed.  It's cool that they have wine on tap, which is something you rarely see in Madison.  They have a great selection of cocktails, wine, and beer.  Not to mention the food is worth the price.
5	This is one of my favorite places to take guests visiting me.  The view of the capital at night is stunning, the cocktails are yummy and the food is always interesting (in a mouth watering way).  Oh, and a great lunch spot too. Enjoy!
1	Another place where 0 stars would be appropriate. Came in at about 12:30 with a medium  size group (8 people maybe?). We placed the other, it took them more than 25 min to bring it out (and that would be fine). A few of us got the eggplant sandwich, which turns out is pre-made (seriously? the food carts out there manage to make sandwiches on the spot!). The bread was so soggy I had to leave it (which for anyone who knows me, this is very rare). The fries were cold and greasy. I would have gotten better food at a gas station (and I would have not paid 12 bucks for it). Horrible, horrible. And the tip was included in the bill, so I could not even express my dissatisfaction.
3	Korean BBQ was too saucey and salty. Don't get that. Overall still a cool restaurant but my meal wasn't great
3	I tried the noodle bowl here and was disappointed. It wasn't worth the price for what I got. The noodles were maybe a little overcooked or just too soft. I love the concept and the farm to table type ideas, but the dish I had was just lacking. I wish I had tried something else instead. The lemonade of the day was pretty good though. I might come back here to try another item on the menu next time since I did like the environment.
3	Brunch was awful, service was slow, waiters were judgmental, but I'd go back for the laughs.
2	I finally got to Graze last Friday night. I have attempted to go before but didn't want to endure the lines. They do not take reservations for parties under four. We put our names on the list, then headed to a nearby bar as there was no room at the Graze bar itself. They do have a very cool virtual wait list app that allows you to see where you are in line via a weblink. The system texts you when your table is ready. The 20 minute estimate turned into an hour.I have heard a lot of good things about Graze but after experiencing both their food and their service, quite frankly, I'm not sure what the hype is about. While good, it was not a stand out in any way. I think they might want to visit places like Nostrano or even Odd Duck in Milwaukee to get an idea of what's missing here. The space is large and vibrant with terrific views of the State Capitol building across the street. A large square bar is surrounded by tables. The atmosphere is gastropub casual and the place is quite loud.We first ordered a couple drinks from the specialty cocktail menu. These took forever to get to the table. So long that we had actually ordered our food and received one of the dishes. The waiter, who was scarce all night long, to his credit did apologize for the lateness of the drinks and comped one of them on the bill. The first dish was a beet salad:Honeycrisp apple, Hook's 10-year cheddar, pickled beets, cranberry spiced vinaigretteWhile the description looked great, the salad was dry. I was very curious about the cranberry spiced vinaigrette, but could barely detect it in the salad. While I liked the aged cheddar as a compliment to the beets, the dish needed acid. I tried to find the waiter to request some vinaigrette, but he was nowhere to be found. The next dish was the most expensive thing on the menu:Scallops with shaved black truffles at a whopping $35. The dish consisted of four scallops, some greens, roasted potatoes and shaved black truffle. Black truffle is a very expensive, luxurious ingredient and typically it is very savory. Somehow they had found one with literally no flavor in it. Huge shavings of black truffle were completely flavorless. The potatoes in the dish were overcooked such that they were rubbery. The scallops were cooked perfectly and were, themselves, very nice. Four scallops, however, should run you about 12 bucks. Buck & Honey's in Sun Prairie has a much better scallop salad at a fraction of the cost as does North Star Bistro in Milwaukee. I tried to find the waiter to complain about the scallop dish but to no avail. We decided to quite literally cut our loses at this point and hunted down the check. With so many amazing restaurants in Madison (Nostrano, Pig in a Fur Coat, Forequarter, Sardine, etc.) I have no idea why this place is thriving. I would much rather head down to Sardine and have every dish amaze me as opposed to revisit this place. Not recommended.
4	Great food, good atmosphere, just a little bit pretentious.
4	Vodka battered cheese curds are a must try. And maybe you want to compare who's got better cheese curds in town. The pork buns are great. Beet burger is delicious. Biscuits and gravy for brunch is my fave. It's a big portion so you can share with four ppl. Waffles and pancakes are hard to miss. Chicken and waffle was okay. The burgers they offer are delicious. It's great knowing the food you eat is made from local ingredients.
4	We were told that we needed to come to this restaurant, not primarily for the food but for the view. We were not disappointed. The restaurant is enclosed by floor to ceiling glass windows, and beyond the windows are a pretty sweet view of the capital. Especially gorgeous during the evening. The first thing I noticed about this restaurant though, is that it gets loud. I'm talking, "I need a drink to tune everything else out" kind of loud. Just a note. If you're a notorious over-orderer like I am, then try to snag a seat at a bar or a booth if possible, the tables in the center of the restaurant seem a little small.As for the menu, there are a handful of market entrees you have all sorts of options including beef, fish, scallops, and tofu. The farm to table concept here is huge. The backside of the menu showcases all the local food supplies that Graze sources their food from. Eat local! There is also a small selection of other items to choose from which include traditional favorites like burgers, fried chicken and mac and cheese. Just for good measure, there's also a bibimbap on the menu--us rice loving Hawaii people appreciated this! While the Graze Burger seems to get all the hype around here, I wasn't in the mood to eat a full on cow so I decided to go with the Pub Burger and switched the regular beef patty with the beet and walnut patty. I'm no vegetarian (pls, I'm the girl who says a meal is not a meal if there's no meat in it), but I do love all beet everything and this was no exception. The flavor of the patty was certainly unique; it didn't replicate the flavor of a beef patty, but I don't think that was the intention here. I liked the subtle notes of sweetness from the beets, and the ground up walnuts did a good job in making the patty dense and moist. Using a toasty english muffin in lieu of a traditional burger bun was also very different, but I liked this change as well.The cheese curds were delicious, deep fried goodness! I don't have much to compare it to, but it's hard to screw up cheese and fried stuff. Together with the house ranch, the curds are an artery clogging party--obviously the best kind.Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area. Nice ambiance and great food!
3	The menu is very pretentious. It seems like every entree is over the top extravagant. I ended up getting the Mac and cheese which was good, but really only for it because I didn't want anything else on the menu. My boyfriend got pork and didn't love it. From a guy who will eat and try just about anything he had a few bites and couldn't finish it.  The cheese plate was the best part of our meal and popcorn was good but nothing to rave about. I'd try it again for brunch but that's the only reason I'd go back.
5	Graze is my favorite restaurant in Madison. Not only is the view incredible, but the atmosphere and food are unbeatable. The menu changes with the season which makes it that much more exciting each time you go. The food is fresh and local-- never over the top. You can always get classics like mac and cheese and the best cheese curds ever. Or you can go crazy and try one of their more creative dishes like my favorite beet and walnut burger on a pepita bun. The restaurant itself is trendy yet sophisticated and the service is great. The restaurant is well run and even when the wait is very long, they have a website that shows where you are in line and texts you when your table is ready. Overall, Graze never disappoints. Come for the food, view, and energy!
5	Ambiance: 5. Graze checks all the boxes. Outstanding view of capitol building, a modern feel which the restaurant "owns" by using floor to ceiling glass, relatively small tables, and a very crisp/clean look with everything else. As others mentioned a tad loud but that's to be expected given high ceilings, and actually not all that bad considering this fact.Cost: 3. Agnostic here, I'm assuming for Madison this place is a bit on the pricey side but well worth it given other categories.Food Quality: 5. Very unique farm-to-table menu with a wide range of food options for those with unique circumstances (Gluten-free, etc.) and a large step up from what was described as "American" cuisine.  All ordered dishes were outstanding and despite being from what I would consider different cuisines: sauteed vegetables, bibimbap, oysters, etc. Looking around I'd also feel very safe ordering anything from seasonal menu.Service: 5. In typical midwestern fashion, folks were extremely friendly and helpful.When to return: Visit with foodies. Special occasion/celebration. Posting up at a fancy bar for happy hour. Date night. Restaurant with a view. The list goes on.
3	I'm sorry Graze. I love your food but my most recent experience with your server has forced me to downgrade my love for you. And probably not return for a long time. I did not get the name of this said male server but I had the unfortunate experience of being unattended for such lengthy periods of time (this has never happened at any of my other experiences at Tory Miller's restaurant, or any decent restaurants). I had to request the help of other servers/hosts at least 3 times to locate where my server is. He just disappeared. And every single time he appeared he was in a hurry. To disappear again, probably. I enjoyed my cheese curds and kimchi burrito, however I wish there were smaller portions of both. Even sharing half with my boyfriend didn't stop me from feeling overloaded after the meal... The cheese curds seemed a tad salty after half a basket of them but still love the melty cheese! Yeah.. Be warned, come unhungry and be prepared to wait if you get said unfortunate server. Sigh, what a misfortune. One of my favorite local restaurants have to be tucked aside for the next few months.
4	I was here with a group of friends this summer on my first tour around Madison. We went around 3.30 pm on a Saturday after going to the farmers marker and going round and round in Madison. Ordered the pickle board and veg bibimbap. Loved it!!!! Absolutely loved it!!!! I don't care about the place being pricey. We shared the bibimbap between two people and we were both full and couldn't finish it. The food was amazing!!!! And the first time I ever tried the spotted cow and loved that too!
4	This place was really nice with high ceilings. My friends and I went for dinner around 9:45 pm on a Saturday night and as it was late, we were seated immediately.I didn't have any drinks but my friends did and they said there was a large variety and they were pretty good. They also served beer in wine glasses which was interesting. The entire back of the menu listed where the restaurant obtains each ingredient which reminded me of portland. We started off with an order of cheese curds with ranch. They were absolutely delicious and cheesy! They tasted amazing with the ranch. I think the full portion ($9) would be too much for 2 ppl FYI (assuming you each have a main course coming). For my main meal, I got the "Moules Frites" ($17) which was a huge bowl of mussels in a tomato white wine sauce. It was a tiny bit spicy but it was pretty good! The waitress convinced me to get bread for an extra dollar to dip with but i thought the bread was too hard and didn't absorb the mussel sauce very well so I would not recommend that. The fries tasted really good with the garlic aioli sauce as well. My hubby got the "Graze Burger" ($21) with a salad. He said the burger was pretty good but he wouldn't get it again for $21... It was a bit pricey. I had a bite of my friends Mac and cheese, it tasted pretty good too but I would not get the pulled pork with it. Also, the waitress charged all of us a 20% service charge. I'm used to an 18% service charge for big parties and we would have tipped her 20% anyway but it was just unusual. We also split 3 orders of cheese curds among 10 ppl and she charged each of us 3/10 appropriately and gave us all separate checks which was nice! Overall, it was a nice dinner!
4	I went to Graze for lunch with my aunt and uncle who were visiting. I remember my aunt's order better than my own. She got a Bibimpap Korean burrito. I'm not a big fan of kimchi, but it was yummy with just enough allusions to Korean flavors.. yet, I think,it was toned down for the sake of your average person's "spicy!" threshold I ended up with the leftovers from the burrito, and then some soup which I currently forget.. but was yummy as well.As I write, I'm remembering what I couldn't stop eating: we ordered deep fried cheese curds. Whatever they put out as dipping sauce, don't stop!Could it have been as simple as like a garlic mayo? Insanely delicious. Environment, 5/5 of course.That's all I've got.
2	Oh Graze, how you disappointed me. As a foodie traveling with other foodies, we scoped out the Madison food scene prior to our work trip and pegged Graze as THE place we had to try. Glowing reviews, amazing location, an intriguing-looking menu...what could go wrong?!Our party of 4 arrived around 6pm and the place was packed. We were given a 1-1.5 hour wait time. This place is tiny so waiting at the bar was not an option unless we wanted to stand over tables and hover on top of people trying to eat. We were given a pager so we went across the street to a dive bar called The Tipsy Cow (tip: go there instead! Great spot!) to wait. After an hour, we were paged so we returned.The space here can generously be described as cramped. We squeezed into our small table and were consistently bumped repeatedly throughout the meal by servers passing through. The volume is loud here so expect to shout a bit while conversing. That being said, you cannot top the view: floor to ceiling glass windows overlooking the capitol building. Truly lovely and the best part of Graze for sure.We started with a few small plates: cheese curds (of course), pork buns, truffle popcorn and soft pretzels. So, part of our quest was to try cheese curds everywhere we went on this trip and Graze is no exception. Where did they rank? Dead last. Our party unanimously agreed these curds were pretty nasty-- vodka batter served with house ranch and the flavors were horrific. We didn't finish the basket. First time!The pork buns were paltry, basic and bland. I've had much better at a much cheaper price elsewhere. Not worth ordering as they are forgettable.The truffle popcorn was a big miss. The basket remained full when the waitress took it away. We all took a single bite and found it to just be a misfire, plain and simple. While we appreciate the concept, the execution fails-- it's weird tasting ultimately and this feedback is coming from west coasters who hail from the land of putting "nutritional yeast" on popcorn at the movies voluntarily. We all felt its potential but it did not deliver. Do not order this.The pretzels were very good. However, they are a very small portion so a party of 4 would need to order 2 of these. The pretzels were our group's favorite bite at Graze.As for entrees, I ordered a fried chicken and waffles plate. I had big expectations, I cannot lie. Where I live in Oregon, we have a waffle food truck that makes this exact meal for $6 and it's out of this world, so going to a "gourmet" place to try their version smelled like nirvana. Sadly, 'twas not to be. First, the portions were RIDICULOUSLY HUGE. It was offensively big, honestly. WTF. Who needs that much food?! I wish I had taken a picture. I felt embarrassed having it front of me because I felt like a huge pig. So, despite the insane size, the chicken itself was black on the outside. Black. Beyond charred. Burned black. Ok, so it's going to be a carbon experience. Got it. Still, I plowed onward and cut into that black bird and found-- surprise!! Bone dry chicken! What a shock when it's burned black to have it be inedible and dry.  The waffle was subpar. Too big, too soggy, zero flavor. It came with syrup which I attempted to douse the food with in an attempt to get some sort of flavor-- maybe the syrup was the secret ingredient that pulled it together and made it come alive? Nope. I took 2 bites and couldn't eat another. My group all tried it and they agreed with me that it was just bad food, period.One person with me ordered the pub burger, served on an english muffin of all things. He found it to be very average, questioned the $11 price tag and missed a decent bun. English muffin, while it's obvious they are trying to be trendy and different, ultimately reads kind of cheap, sorry.Finally, one person got the trout and was very pleased, so that was a success at least. Drinks and service were also top-notch.After our huge expectations and our disastrous results, we bailed on dessert-- we lost interest and we all agreed we wished we had stayed at The Tipsy Cow and gotten a bar burger instead. Overall, our experience with Graze was sadly disappointing and a huge letdown after we went in with such high expectations and excitement. None of us would return.
5	New Years Eve, three course meal with wine pairing. First time here, check in was a little long and delayed for some reason with an awkward silence but I'm not even gonna deduct anything for that because we had a great time at Graze. We started out with some rice popcorn and truffle oil. Omg. Addicting. A little Parmesan dust on it. My first drink was a nice citrus with gin. Very good. Can't remember the name of it. Appetizers were a Scottish egg perfectly cooked. Second time ever having one and this one out did the last one I had by far. My wife had the foie gras with short ribs. Very very good. My second drink was a Pinot wine. Excellent pairing. Onto dinner, two different meals. My wife's lobster style poutine with gnochi was very cheesy and heavy. Almost a little too greasy and heavy. Tasted good but maybe would of chosen something different if we would of known how greasy it was going to be. Had us at lobster. I had a GREAT pork loin with lentils. First time having lentils. Delicious cherry sauce that complimented the pork perfectly. Wasn't familiar with my third glass of wine but went well with the pork.NOW...the show stopper of the night. The cheesecake with rhubarb and chocolate cake were to die for. Absolutely, hands down thee best deserts I think we've ever had. My port wine was delicious as well but I can't rave enough about these desserts. Amazing. Great service and a top notch place. We definitely went to come back and sample the rest of the menu.
