3	This restaurant deserves 4 stars- but we caught them three days after  opening and they are working out the kinks. It took us close to 1/2 hour to get our drinks. Very chic and modern lay out. One of our tapas came first and the wait staff is just out of sync. The lobster Pallea was out of this world and the calamari was excellent. The only miss is the fact that they don't give you any bread to soak up the delicious sauces. After the first round of traditional sangria we went for the white cava fish bowl which packs a good kick and is crisp and refreshing.  It went very well with the monkfish. On the other hand, the food was so phenomenal that after we were full, we saw a tapa dish at another table and still ordered it and desert. Lastly we ordered the flan and the tangerine custard came with a sherbet, whip cream and a couple of slices.  It was fantastic!!!It is in the new Cosmopolitan hotel which is so high tech that you have a tough time finding the east valet, do yourself a favor and park in the west valet. East is a mess and took over 30 min to find our car.
3	the mister and me SO wanted to love this place. after all, it was our BIG NIGHT OUT, meaning it was the first time EVER that we were sans canine responsibilities, having left our assorted furry posse members back in not so sunny los angeles. BUT, this was just an okay experience. dishes ranged in both effectiveness and price, but what unified them was the teensy portions. i understand that tapas means 'small plates', but the price-to-portion ratio needs to be improved (going to Pinks an hour after leaving jaleo--not a good sign--but that's another review). so here's what we ordered and how it was: the mister--the lobster salad for $18.00. came with 4 claws of lobster meat on escarole with shaved grapefruit slices. according to the mister, the lobster was perfection, but the escarole was super salty. this i verified--these greens were tragically oversalted. i informed the waiter of this, but he did not offer to rectify the situation. the mister--chorizo wrapped in potato for $8.00. now the mister really liked this, though he thought it needed more potato. each chorizo was wrapped in a super thin potato chip. me--sliced apple and fennel salad with sherry vinaigrette and walnuts (minus the manchego cheese) for $9.00. perfection! a burst of starry eyed delight. impossibly fine slivers of fennel and apple. but SUCH a wee portion! seriously, i doubt if there was more than a cup of finely slivered veggies in there! me--warmed brussels sprout salad with diced apricots for $9.00. it was okay, but again, a super small portion. and again--oversalted. oversalted and not so special. i've made more unique brussels sprouts salads at home. service was okay. they had some kitchen mix ups but hey, it was day four for the restaurant.
5	The BF and I were checking out the new Cosmopolitan when we noticed Jaleo. We are from LA and absolutely love Jose's The Bazaar, so how could we say no? The place was packed when we got there at 9:30 p.m. on Monday. They are only open for dinner and service begins at 5:00 p.m. We were lucky enough to sit at the foosball table, which the hostess told us was Jose's table! (Although this is unverified.) I have to warn that you become subject to a lot of attention when you sit at the foosball table, because people were looking at us all night! One guy even wanted to take a picture.The food was nothing short of what you would expect from Jose. It is so creative, inventive, and delicious! My favorites were the vegetable paella with sea urchin (which was on the house; the waitress said that the chefs were making it for everyone in the restaurant to share!), the fried egg with bread crisps and black truffle, and the piquillo pepper stuffed with crabmeat. The housemade sangria ($15 for half a pitcher) was really light and refreshing.I didn't have any problems with service; our waitress was really down-to-earth and lovely. I think one of the best services I've had. Even though it just opened, it seemed to flow seamlessly (for us at least). The food came out within reasonable times and they gave us their full attention. I'm definitely coming back next time I'm in Vegas. The paella is a MUST!
5	My wife and I had dinner here a day after eating at China Poblano.We loved the overall ambiance of the restaurant. It was modern and fun without being stuffy and serious. We had about 6 tapas including the lobster paella. Everything was tasty especially the chicken fritters, garlic shrimp, squid, and paella. We liked how they showcased the traditional paella kitchen with gigantic paella pans and wood burning pit.  We can't wait to try all the other tapas...maybe they will open another Jaleo in L.A.?
2	This place is pretty high on my sh*t list. The food was delicious but the service was SHOCKINGLY bad. The waiter forgot to bring two of our dishes. When I got sick of waiting and pointed it out to him, he was like "umm, and which dishes might those be?" Really, you don't even know? Even after we informed him, it took forever to get the food - and it was just sauteed mushrooms and spanish omelette. We didn't get out of dinner until after midnight - the entire restaurant was empty! No apologies or anything. It was our last night in Vegas and I was hoping to spend a relaxing evening with my husband. Instead I got to sit around a stupid restaurant waiting for food. You guys seriously need to get your sh*t together.
1	This is not a restaurant for good food, let alone good Tapas.. It is more for people watching. Great ideas with presentation (tapas in a shoe??) and seating, however the food was poor and the portions were very small.  The Paella for example was maybe 1 cup.  What happened to Paella being serve in the pan it was cooked in???? For the price you are paying there are so many other great choices in Vegas. Sorry Jaelo... I would give you no stars if I could.
4	Tapas is great, it's fun and you can order a bunch of different things and share it with everyone at your table. Semi small orders that are reasonably priced for a high scale tapas restaurant. Some of my favorites were the gazpacho with tomatoes, cucumbers and peppers, the liquid olive dish was amazing!.. I could probably eat a whole plate of just that. The fried dates in bacon were delicious but the presentation was unappetizing. (Order it and you'll see) Not EVERYTHING that we ordered was 5 stars but there were a few that were absolutely delicious and I will definitely be going again and trying the rest of the things on the menu. I hope that I can try at least every dish on that menu at least once! Already planning my next trip to eat here!
4	I love cheese and I love wine! Five cheeses for twenty dollars that we nibbled on throughout the whole meal, seemed like a good deal to me. It was served with crusty bread with a delicious spread of crushed tomatoes. Did I mention I also love tomatoes? I just happened to look right now at the Jaleo Washington DC menu and you get all six cheeses for 18 dollars. Grrrrr! haha, oh well. I've lived in DC and now in Vegas, and I guess this is the compromise I get for dining in a casino on the strip now.My favorite favorite favorite dish that we tasted was the fried organic egg topped with caviar! YUM! YUM! YUM!We also had the spicy chorizo wrapped in a thin potato! Which I thought was great, just the right amount of spice!Then there were the fried dates wrapped in bacon.....hmmmm. Served in a shoe!? YES! served in a shoe. I have a picture on my phone that I wish I could upload right now. I've never eaten out of a shoe before. But, if you can get past the bizarre notion, its actually quite funny (especially after three glasses of wine) and quite tasty!As far as meat goes, I didn't try any of the serrano ham, which I'll have to come back for. But, I loved the grilled hanger steak with piquillo peppers. It was sliced very thin, but still medium rare, and tasted amazing alongside the bread and cheeses.My least favorite was some other roasted red pepper dish, but obviously I can't even remember the ingredients so it did not impress.I was far too full for dessert, but instead enjoyed a cup of resh french press coffee to keep me going for the rest of the night. The Cosmopolitan is a really fun, new casino and is very beautiful inside; and this restaurant was definitely the place to be in there. Very vibrant and a scene to see and be seen in, alongside delicious tapas. Can't really go wrong with that! :)
5	Salmon tartare cone is amazing! Order 10 of them!!!
4	I am a fan of Jose Andres and always look forward to his cooking. The food was great, the service was good and the atmosphere was light and outgoing. The Sangria was very good and refreshing.Chistorra envuelta en patata frita were tasty and a good starting dish. I would NOT order the papas bravas becasue they were not what i excpected. They are more like lays potato chips. The garlic shrimp aka  Gambas al ajillo were amazing with the perfect blend of flavors. I totally recommened them. Needless to say the PAELLA is a MUST. Its very rare to have good authentic paella so dont miss out. I cant help but laugh everytime people say  that the portains are small. They are not small, they are Tapas......I enjoyed my expernice at Jaleo and had fun order all kinds of dishes.
4	We have been to the one in DC, and loved it.  So we definitely wanted to check this place out.We went with a group, looking for a "light meal."  There were no reservation available, but there is a bar area with high tables that are open first come first serve.  Must have been our night, cuz a six top was available right then!We split the olives (3 real ones stuff with anchovies and 3 interesting "spheres" filled with the jus, kinda popped in your mouth), squab with foie gras jelly and truffles, lobster paella, garlic shrimp, thinly sliced monkfish, and fried chorizo sausage wrapped in potato.  Everything was tasty.  Perfect for a group, cuz everything came out in small plates, easy to share.  Our favorites were definitely the monkfish and chorizo.  The paella was a little salty (the Asian in me wanted a bowl of white rice to mix in).  It is interesting, cuz they are only offering one paella at any given moment, so even though they list 4 different kinds, you really only have one choice (maybe 2 if you're willing to wait).There is a foozball table with a glass top in front of the restaurant.  You can eat and play at the same time...  It was my husband's favorite part.  My favorite part was the SANGRIA.  You must get it - YUM.
4	Let me preface this by saying that Jaleo still has some kinks to work out, but it has 4 star potential.  If you're vegan, and don't feel like trekking to the Wynn, Jaleo has a ton of tasty vegan(izable) options for you.  I used to live in DC and go to the original Jaleo in my pregan days, so I was very excited to see Jose Andres open a restaurant here!I went there solo and ate at the tapas bar, which is fun, because you get to watch them make all kinds of little dishes and you can ask the sous chefs about what they're making etc.  Plus the people next to me were very friendly and we had a nice chat.  The atmosphere seems very laid back and conducive to such interactions.  (Note: it's not like a sushi bar; they don't serve you directly.  A server will come up behind you and take your order.)You would be well-advised to make a reservation if you want to eat there on a weekend night - it was completely packed with a line when I went.  I got the only seat left in the place!Note: the food here is VERY salty because they use a lot of finishing salts.  If you aren't into that, just request your food with "no added salt."  I had the pan con tomate (tomato bread), espinacas (wilted spinach with apples and shallots), papas arrugas (salted roast potatoes with red and green chile sauces - not spicy though), and the chef brought out a sample of the veggie paella!  I also had apple sorbet for dessert.  (For Bay Area people - they use the same Pacojet technology as Scream Sorbet to make an amazingly creamy vegan sorbet).Everything was very tasty, if a bit oily and salty.  Very rich!  (I will order w/ no added salt next time.)  The folks next to me shared their sangria, which was very tasty (although not made the traditional way... they add the fruit to your glass rather than macerating in the wine.)The service was very attentive at times, but hit or miss.  I had a great time and enjoyed my meal and will definitely be back with a group so I can try lots more things!For you non-vegan foodies, you might wanna check out e, the chef's tasting room at Jaleo.  They do a 20-course dinner (two seatings a night) for ~$150.  They can make exceptions for some dietary restrictions/allergies, but sadly don't do a vegan version (yet?). Here is a list of the vegetarian/vegan/veganizable dishes:Pan con tomate -tomato breadGazpacho - cold tomato soupManzanas con hinojo y manchego (minus cheese) - apple-fennel saladEspinacas a la Catalana - wilted spinach with sherry dressing and applesEscalivada - cold roasted eggplant and pepperSetas a ajillo - garlic mushroomsTrigueros con romesco - asparagus w/ Romesco sauceEnsalada de coles de bruselas con albaricoques, manzanas y jamon (minus the jamon - ham) - brussels sprout saladRemolacha con citricos (minus the cheese) - citrus/beet saladPapas Arrugas with mojo verde y rojo - roasted potatoesVerdura Paella - Veggie paella (they do not use chicken stock, only water)
1	Tapas, yes, I know means small/little dishes, but I think they took this to the extreme. Where are all these reviewers from? Were they blinded by the lights on the Strip?!? Because, I could barely see the food on the plate.The main issue I have with Jaleo is the small portions. $7 for a plate of potato chips with red and white sauce drizzled, my coworkers make this at lunch in the lunch room, its called lays with sirracha and onion dip drizzle. We ordered to our hearts content but our stomachs were far from filled.Don't get me wrong, I understand quality over quantity, but if you really break it down, give me an endless supply of the minuscule tapas, so small I can barely remember what I ate, I still wouldn't come here. The plates are small (yes for the 4th time in this review, not sure if I got my point across), but the quality of the tapas are not even that great or anything spectacular. The entire dinner, I couldn't stop thinking about the cup-o-noodle I purposely didn't eat because I didn't want to spoil my appetite, bad move. This place is not good for groups, seeing as you have to order at least 3-4 orders of each tapa to feed a table of 9-10. One star for the creative serving style, putting deep fried bacon covered dates in a shoe, fooseball tables doubling as a dining table, and decent service is about all there is to rave about here. There's no reason to eat here when superior "foodie-esq"restaurants with big name chefs are a dime a dozen in Vegas.
4	In the midst of the insane opulence of that which is the Cosmopolitan, lies an equally over the top experience at Jaleo. Located on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo is a mix of amazing places to eat with Jaleo holding up the growing Tapas category. The entrance to Jaleo is inviting and enticing and holds a level of energy not seen by most eateries on a Tuesday evening. Just walking in and sitting at the bar, I knew we were in for a treat.Just as the rest of the Cosmo, no level of detail went underlooked inside this Spanish Tapas endevor. From the Tapas Kitchen mid dining room, to the wood burning circle kitchen right next to the bar, Jaleo's let's you marvel in the mastery of culinary design by seeing how it's made right before your eyes. At the bar, we ordered two drinks, I had a Tomato infused something or other that was out of this world, very pricey for the serving size, but worth having at least once. My friend ordered a glass of champagne which was also good I was told, but also on they high side for price vs. Volume. That aside, it was time to order. We got the Bacon Wrapped Dates, the Potato Chips with white and red sauce, Chirizo Wrapped with Potato chips, White Asparagus, and the Conejo (Rabbit). To make this easy, I'll simply break it down:Bacon Wrapped Dates: A typical order for us from Firefly, so we wanted to compare. The presentation was definitely not what we were expecting, but very fun to experience. They come served in a tennis shoe from a brand that we were told is the "Adidas of Spain". Aside from the off the wall plating, the Dates were amazing. The difference is, they deep fry the bacon wrapped dates so the whole bite is moist and flavorful with more of a hint of bacon and the richness of the date compared to most places where the bacon wins the flavor battle. A+Potato Chips with Red and White sauce: A simple dish with lots to love. The chips seemed freshly made and the sauces had a good contrast to each other. Being so fresh, the chips had less crunch than you'd normally expect, but I saw it as a good thing. Not mushy, just less crunch and more smooth textures. B+Choirzo Wrapped in Potato Chips: Simple, yet delightful. It is what it is, delicious Spanish chorizo, fresh potato chip, and a toothpick. Pick it up, bite, and enjoy. Simplicity at it's best, and tastiest. AWhite Asparagus: This was served inside a sardine-can-like tin sprinkled with a bit of cheese. The fresh crunch of each bite, cut by the slight bitterness of the cheese made each tiny serving seem like so much more. AConejo (Rabbit): Something that's definitely not on everyone's top choices to try, but should. This was a leg and ribs serving with an apricot compote that was light and rich with enough sweetness to nicely balance the supreme flavors of the juicy Rabbit. If you've never tried Rabbit before, this is the one to try. It is not off putting at all, and will make you wish you could have it every day if you could! A+To finish us off, we figured we'd indulge and have the Chocolate Hazelnut Cake. What a work of art this dessert was. I would've paid for just one bite of it. The chocolate and hazelnut combination they use is an absolute marrige commencing on your pallet. It was so good, I'd go there to just order that! A+I thank the Cosmopolitan for choosing such an outstanding Tapas joint. I can't wait to try more of the menu. Hopefully over time, Jaleo's gets a happy hour or local's night, but even until then, this will be my new place to enjoy Tapas with friends and family.
4	Having been to The Bazaar by Jose Andres and loved it, I was excited to try some of his more traditional fare.  Overall, I thought this meal was fun and an overall success.  We came here on a Sunday night without reservations but were seated right away as a table had just become available.  This is off to a good start!We started with the Aceitunas ($12 for 4 anchovy stuffed green olives and 4 kalamata olive spheres made from sodium alginate).  I've had Jose's black olive spheres at the Bazaar and actually thought the kalamatas work much better.Next, we had the Chistorra Envuelta ($8 for 6 skewers).  The spicy chorizo  was quite tasty and contrasted perfectly with the crunchiness of the potato chip wrapped around the  skewer.The waitress highly recommended the Gambas al Ajillo ($10 for 6 shrimps) which the menu features as one of their most popular dishes.  Maybe it was high expectation from the waitress and the menu, but I thought the shrimp wasn't really anything special.  Sure it was perfectly cooked, but it just tasted like nicely cooked shrimp with garlic oil.My favorite dish of the night was easily the Pinchon Estilo Alcantara which was squab topped with foie gras and shaved black truffle ($22).  All the flavors came together so well.. I would have ordered this plate just for myself.. who says sharing is caring?The Rape a la Donostiarra ($10 for a large platter of thinly sliced monkfish) was pretty solid.  The waitress said it was a brave dish.. I've never had monkfish prepared this way before, but didn't think it was anything overly eccentric.Finally, we had the Arroz a Banda con Bogavante ($28) which is their lobster paella.  I was really looking forward to this, since we were sitting right next to the paella station.  As a quick note, they only serve 2 paellas at any given night, and could take up to 30 minutes to prepare, so be aware that not all options are going to be available.  The paella was quite rich and tasty.. a tad over-seasoned, but that's ok.  Each dish is served with half a lobster tail and a claw, which was a nice touch.We had our meal with a pitcher of red sangria, which I highly recommend.  You can never really go wrong with wine mixed with fruit.Overall, Jaleo was pretty much what I expected from Jose Andres - tasty, modern Spanish cuisine.  I can't wait to come back to try everything else on the menu.  Definitely come in a group to maximize the selection.  I thought our party of 6 was perfect, since most of the dishes come in groups of 6.  Also, I actually thought the price was fairly reasonable for what we were getting.4 stars!!
1	This place was horrible from the moment  they tried to seat us at a table from barbie's doll house. The waiter was a total jerk he practically ignored us he spoke so low I felt that I was in a Seinfeld episode. They would not make a Paella without lobster my girlfriend is allergic to shell fish. The waiter did not come back and tell us that we would need 5 people to have an order of paella.  I understand that it takes 30 min to an hour for paella. The other items were ok at best there was a shell in our mussels in sherry wine sauce. The only redeeming thing about this place was the manager was nice enough to give us her card for a return visit but why bother. Not local friendly either.
4	I had a great dinner at the bar this past Sunday night. The bartender was very friendly and helpful in recommending great dishes. I had several tapas and everything was perfect. From the sea urchin omelette to the foie gras and quail , it was all good. I hightly recomend this restaurant if you love spanish food and if you are in town.
1	I have NEVER sent a dish back to the kitchen before but had to at Jaleo. The waitress told us they were out of the lobster paella. We ordered other tapas but 5 minutes later she came back and said "Great news!. We have one more batch of lobster paella we can cook!" Great but... paella takes 45 mintues to cook (she let us know that when we sat down) and it arrived to our table 5 minutes later. Really??? I tried one bite and it was obvious that the paella had been sitting out for awhile under a heat lamp. Proably becuase antoher customer hed already refused it. The food was cold, the plate was cold, and the rice was well-done. I didn't dare try the rubbery lobster. The dishes we ordered afterwards were fine but nothing special. If you want great tapas in Las Vegas, go to Firefly on Paradise where I've always had great experiences with both food and service~!
2	The food was okay.  VERY expensive.  Service was atrocious.  Sangria was terrible.  Paella was spat out by all who tried it.  Dried out rabbit with lots of pinbones.  Bleccch.They make the sangria to order so you get to see what's in it.  Cheap red wine, a little brandy, and a slice of orange.  $10?  Really.  This was unlike any sangria I've ever had.  UndrinkableIt was the service that really torpedoed our experience here, though.  It took us a half hour to get our first round of drinks.  We had to flag down the manager and have hime take our order.  Our server was a frazzled mess.  He was staring at the computer in the service station literally the whole night.I got his attention at one point and asked if I could order a drink.  We were a group of 8 and no one had a drink yet.  I asked for a glass of tempranillo and he took off without taking anyone else's order.  Another member of our party managed to flag him down 10 minutes later and he tried to do the same thing!  Take one more person's order then fly away.  TAKE EVERYONE'S ORDER AT THE SAME TIME!  It was insane.  We spent well over a thousand dollars for 8 people.I've eaten at Bazaar in LA, Jose Andres' other west coast foray into high-end tapas and it was one of the greatest meals I've ever experienced.  This place was a real let down.There was so much that was wrong.  The fried dates in a shoe on the table.  Not cute or appetizing.  The sangria was absolutely awful.  Service was non-existent.  We wanted to order dessert but didn't have time since it took us so long to order and receive food and drink.  Paella inedible.  The room was way too bright.  I can't really even convey with words how sucky our meal was and how ripped-off we felt when we got the enormous bill.The manager heard us grumping about the meal and didn't offer anything to try to turn the tide of negativity.  I think he was used to it.  Most other tables in our vicinity seemed disgruntled.  One table walked out ant the manager tried to get them to pay for the food they ordered and never got.
3	I know that Jose Andres is a very talented and incredible chef, and this location inside the fabulous, newly opened Cosmopolitan will improve over time. I love tapas and Jaleo has done a good job at creating some delicious dishes.  Off the top of my head, the pan con tomate (tomato bread), endibias conqeso (endives with goat cheese, oranges and Almonds) and the garlic shrimp were wonderful...include the pitcher of sangria and the evening was a memorable one.The only bad item was one they take some much pride in...paellas, and this evening they happen to feature the lobster paellas. The lobster was grilled to perfection and very delicious, however the paellas was very crunchy...possibly undercooked al dente-style. And nothing is worse than crunchy rice.  Sad, as I was really looking forward to this.The server got extremely busy as the restaurant started to fill, but a host overheard our dissatisfaction and gladly offered to remove it from the final bill.It gets real busy at 8:00, so unless you book ahead, you could be sitting outside watching others enjoying their meal.Again, with a little more time to work out some kinks, and an opportunity to closely monitor the food quality, this will be a great place to impress friends.  Already The Cosmopolitan has built the visually-pleasing infrastructure.
5	every dish was amazing.  jose andres is a genius.
2	ATMOSPHERE // The environment itself is quite top notch, but that's more of a compliment to the hotel, not the restaurant. The slick idiosyncrasy of The Cosmopolitan continues through Jaleo. I loved all the design details from the typographic front gates to the piecework bull mounted on the wall and chicken tots served in a shoe (surprisingly cute and not gross idea). If you're lucky enough to have arrived with good company as I did, the restaurant's open layout and interesting tidbits allows for a good night of rousing conversation. My own party aside, I found the dining staff to be quite full of themselves, or rather, brainwashed by the supposed amazingness and sadly mislead by what a standard portion size is. I give them part of the blame for setting false customer expectations.FOOD // The food really fell short of 3-stars. I've been to different small-plate kind of eateries before and Jaleo neither measured up for it's priciness in ingenuity nor taste. We took a while to figure out what to order because we were informed by our group of comrades who had a reservation before we did that the portions were fantastically small and the food not all that great. One friend honestly, and repeatedly, told us to get up and flee the place before it was too late. Could it really be that bad?sangria :: This was a good choice. Served with fresh slice of citrus, chunk o' watermelon, and some mint. And one will need some amount of vino to make up for everything else. lobster paella :: We expressed concerns about hunger satisfaction so the waiter suggested the paella as a good way to fill up. The lobster paella had good flavors, but was rather salty (like most of the food). fried bacon wrapped dates :: Bacon wrapped anything is always good and ever better when it's deep fried. chicken fritters :: They're like tater-tot sized pot pies. garlic soup :: This was the worst. It tasted like you took the packet of Chicken Top Ramen seasoning and poured it into a cup of lukewarm water and then dropped an egg in there. The waitress gushed about how the egg is cooked at exactly 63 degrees and gave me a stony stare when she caught me rolling my eyes. I apologize that your soup sucked. chilled almond & garlic soup :: Interesting combination of flavors. Much better than the other soup, but that isn't saying much. kurobuta pork jowls & scallops :: I ordered this and it was microscopic for $14. A few slivers of unmemorable pork and maybe half a scallop total. I can get this for $6 at a Japanese izakaya. desserts :: We ordered 3 with components like olive oil ice cream, flan, and chocolate mousse. Again, nothing I think is worth mentioning. Do we sense a pattern?All in all, the food didn't impress me in any way, especially factoring in the price and portion size. We had a party of 7 and with 2 carafes of sangria, 3 paellas, plus about 10 small plates, it ended up being $51/person. Jaleo is like dating a rich bitch: she may look nice and spout esteem, but it's all shallow and will set you back more money than it's worth. If you're looking to settle down for a better meal, check out the pretty girl next door to the strip instead at Firefly [http://www.fireflylv.com/].
2	Normally my friends and I don't settle for mediocre food, but it was 1 am on a Saturday night and we just needed a snack before continuing our girls night out at the Marquee. tiny portions, kinda bland, and out of 7 dishes, we could hardly pinpoint any signature creations from that experience. Think Disneyland prices with the same disneyland kinds of food quality.
3	I went to Jaleo with a co-worker for dinner on Thurs, Feb 10, 2011. I have been to Bazaar (Jose Andres' restaurant in Beverly Hills) a few times so I kind of new what to expect. I would say I got pretty much what I expected.The atmosphere is really nice. The Cosmo Hotel is very new and contemporary and Jaleo continues that feel. The restaurant is live and has a very fun, energetic atmosphere. There is an open-ness to the restaurant and it blends in with the rest of the hotel (so that you don't feel closed off).The food (as with other Jose Andres restaurants) does not live up to the hype. The food is definitely not bad, but it is basically slightly above average. I love the tapas (small plates) style of eating, because you can try many dishes. And when you look at the menu, there are sure to be several things that look extremely appetizing.The two of us had about 6 or 7 dishes. The cones filled with salmon sashimi and topped with salmon roe were very salty. I was expecting those to be better, they were just okay.The Brussels sprout salad was pretty solid. We had a monk fish dish which was pretty good, it had a cilantro oil on it.The bacon wrapped dates were very tasty. I have had bacon wrapped dates at many other restaurants, the difference here is that they were lightly breaded and deep fried. I though that was a nice touch. However, at other places bacon wrapped dates are stuffed with cheese (either a hard cheese like a Parmesan or sometimes a blue cheese). Here no cheese, and adding a nice Parmesan would kick it up a notch.The veal cheeks were very good in my opinion.We had a couple other salads including the lobster salad. Probably too much lettuce compared to the other goodies.We also had the vegetable paella (which was the special) and it was pretty much vegetable paella. It was on the more expensive side (around $18) of the dishes and was not worth it. I would rather have had 2 more interesting dishes.In the end, I would recommend this restaurant to others because the experience is worth it. The atmosphere and the unique dishes make for a fun time. Keep in mind, the dishes at this restaurant are not as "wild" as Bazaar where he uses several techniques some refer to as molecular gastronomy. But, the dishes are interesting and very palatable. Just don't go in expecting Michelin star quality food and you won't be disappointed.Price is fairly reasonable for this type of setting. The dishes ranged from about $8 - $20 per dish. Typically looking at about 6 dishes for 2 people.Enjoy.
4	Jaleo is the third place I have been to at the Cosmopolitan. I had been wanting to try it from the day it opened; the Iberico ham was calling my name!My wife and I made our reservation through Opentable for Android and got right in at 630pm the day before Valentines. I immediately noticed that this was a "hipster" type of place with a modern feel; Wood floors and white tables without table clothes. The feeling was comfortable while retaining its coolness. If you are expecting a romantic, quiet, and private atmosphere this is not the spot for you.The Menu is expansive and playful. Chef Andres' uses a nice sense of humor on his menu to get you to eat and drink! Most of the dishes are tapas style and this encourages sharing of course! We started with the Iberico Jamon bellota from the famous black footed pig! it's a little pricey at 22$ for five shaved slices, but go for it; you can't get this stuff in a supermarket.Next, we ordered the Soupa De Ajo which is garlic soup with a 63degree Egg. They served it tableside and it was Soo garlicky and delicious! The croutons melted right in front of you as the hot soup hit them. The soup was soul satisfying!Following the soup we had Dungeoness crab stuffed peppers. Tasty but not monumental. Then we got the foie gras and pork cannoli's in bechamel! Wow! Yummy! Topped with shaved black truffles this dish satisfies the biggest foodie! Rich and creamy and savory; everything you could want in a dish. We didn't think that our next dish of Veal cheeks could stand up, but the cheeks were out of this world! Luscious and tender you could eat them with your fork and served on the most wonderful olive oil potatoes you could ever want. The pork and the potatoes together were heavenly. This was our absolute favorite dish!The night we were there the paella was made with Lobster. We went for it! As I said before, the chef is cute with his menu. So to me this seemed to be his signature dish. When you walk in to the restaurant you see a huge grill surrounded by UFO sized Paella pans.  I figured if you go to Jaleo then you have to try this dish. They tell you the paella takes about 45 minutes so it actually came out after our veal cheeks. Perfectly cooked lobster rested on top of the rice. This dish was all about the rice and the seafood with a yummy garlic aioli on the side. My only problem with the dish was that the Lobster was still in the shell. I have a problem with a place that serves lobster in the shell. I don't want to wrestle the damn thing to eat it. but it was a lovely dish and very good.Our two desserts were well done and tasty but the dessert menu is short; only about 8 choices. Save some room and share like the rest of menu!The service was very attentive! Our water glasses were never empty and there was never a pile up of empty plates. The table remained clean and cleared throughout the dinner. Our waitress, Michelle, was helpful in selecting a nice Rose Cava that went very well with all the food. Even on a busy night they were really on top of the service.Overall I would recommend Jaleo to anyone who is into good food. I would definitely return for more!
2	I love tapas restaurants, so I was excited to try Jaleo in the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  The atmosphere is much like the Cosmopolitan itself: trendy, popular, and loud.  We had a group of five and ordered 3 plates each to share.  These were by far the smallest plates of tapas I've ever seen.  Some barely had enough to pass around once.  Plus, the tiny plates were way over-priced.  Some dishes were better than others, but really nothing was great.  We liked the ponche de cava, the croquetas, and the apple salad, but none of the entrees were good.  The restaurant was loud and crowded and we kind of got lost in the shuffle a few times.  The service was very spotty - sometimes they took away our plates before we had finished, and sometimes they left us sitting for way too long before checking on us. The server said she would put all our tapas in an order that made courses, but that made it so some people didn't have anything they wanted to eat for a course or two.  Also, our check did not come until we asked the manager to track it down for us.   In all, I would probably not return to Jaleo.  Part of the fun of tapas is enjoying the people you are with.  This restaurant makes it hard to enjoy the company of your dinner companions due to the crowded and loud environment.
5	Love Jaleo! The first time I went was with some girlfriends and the second time was with a larger group for a friend's birthday. Both visits were fantastic. I liken Jaleo as the Comopolitan's version of Firefly. The tapas are delicious. Some of my favorite eats:-bacon figs-manchengo bread-oysters-croquettas-paella (they generally only have two available on a given night and there is a man dedicated to just cooking paella, it's cool to watch)-sangriaHave dinner here and then head over to chandelier bar for a cocktail :)
1	I love tapas and not only is my best friend a chef at the blue ribbon sushi grill but I also had a friend who works at jaleo so I went on a recommendation from them both. Me and another girlfriend went to jaleo for dinner and all I can say is the service that we got from some white guy named Brian was horrible. We understand that being in the cosmo it was busy but he did not once ask us how the food was, and was too busy with the couple next to us. He was too occupied with getting more money out of that couple than giving us decent service. Our food came out relatively fast but everything that came out was bland. By the end of our meal we were craving some flavor, hoping to get dessert.. It took us 20 minutes to get our check and not only that he didn't even offer us a dessert menu.We had gotten the shrimp al ajillo, the chicken fritters, the chorizo wrapped in potato, and the tuna salad. All were bland and the portions were minuscule to almost non existent. I know tapas are meant to be small, but jaleo took it to the next level.I was furious when I left, the food was sub-par and the service was ridiculous. I would have complained to the manager if I wasn't in such a hurry to get out of the godforsaken place. I will never go back to jaleo, I'd rather go to firelfy where the service is decent to amazing and the food is always out of this world. After leaving we were asked where we had dinner that night and both me & my girlfriend blanked. The service was that horrible that we both couldn't even remember the name of the restaurant.
4	JOSE ANDRES in TOWN!!!! YAY!! I LOVE LOVE LOVE JALEO!!!!Everything is DELISH!!!!Only 4stars because the serive is a little slow!
1	i have eaten at the Jaleo in DC and LOVED it.  so i was excited to visit the Jaleo in Vegas.  i was disappointed to say the least.  the service was horrible...we had reservations and didn't get seated for almost 40 minutes.  and no one apologized even when we voiced our impatience.  the service continued to get bad.  we didn't see our waitress for almost 20 minutes and didn't get our water glasses filled for almost that long as well.  the server forgot to put our order in for the paella and it was at our table an hour after we ordered it.  and once it came to the table it was cold, overseasoned, and crunchy.  the couple next to us kept getting the wrong dishes from our server.  i would excuse the poor service if the food was out of this world.  everything was oversalted or overseasoned.  with the exception of the spinach salad which was completely bland.  i hope Jaleo gets with the program.  i am a big fan of Chef Andres' restaurants and i want to see him succeed.
3	Well the food was amazing! From the Gambas Al Ajillo (Sauteed Shrimp) to the Bacalao Con Salsa Verde (Cod) everything was just muy delicioso! Oh and the seared scallop.. probably the best I've ever had. The Croquetas de Pollo was served on a shoe- yes a shoe.. like the ones you put on your feet. It was more unappetizing as it was amusing.  The downside.. our server was a little too excited clearing up our plates after each bite even when there was still food on the plate! At first we all thought it was quite funny thinking "they must be running out of plates" but after awhile it just became annoying. I've never felt so rushed before! Granted tapas are served as a plate is ready but our last plate must have taken a good 20-30 minutes since the last plate. By then we weren't even hungry anymore! The ambiance was great.. the restaurant had a very hip and modern take on traditional Spanish styling very fitting for the Cosmopolitan. Would probably give it another shot next time I'm in town.. maybe then I can give it 5 stars!
4	Busy as hell at 9pm on a Friday night. The club next door (Marquee) and the area outside the restaurant are packed with club goers and other party people so expect a lot of energy and noise.The inside of the restaurant has a clean, open and contemporary feel. Again, it was very busy when I was there so expect to be seated around a lot of other people on a bz weekend. This is not the place to go for privacy or a quiet evening.The food was very good with my fav being the carne asada. It was marinated very well with a strong kick of salt balanced with oil and cooked medium rare - which i like. My date loved the gambas al ajillo (shrimp), esquiexada, empanada bacalao (Cod puree inside a flaky crust - yum), and the Arroz Bogavante (paella). One thing i didn't enjoy much was cracking open the lobster on the paella with my hands and making a mess. The black bean-ish sauce was pretty amazing though.This place loses a star (maybe even a star and a half) in my book for two reasons: 1) the wait time to order and the general inattentiveness of our server was abominable; 2) the water they give you is room temperature and nasty... wth. I guess going for cocktails is the way to go. Grey Goose cocktails are 10 bucks each and just decent. The clementine drop was interesting but not as cool as it sounds on the menu.All in all, satisfying meal came at a price of a little over a bill. Not bad for 3 small plates, 2 bigger ones, 3 drinks and dessert?I'm sure my girl and I will be back sometime.
5	FUKN ROCKSTAR!!!!  JOSE you have done it again! Love the food the service was elite as well!!!  DEFINATE MUST
5	Located inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel, Jaleo was fancy, modern and acquired a very cute ambiance! LOVE LOVE LOVE! So many dishes to choose from and each was prepped and presented differently. Quite the dining experience. Sangria was AMAZING to go along with our Lamb, mushrooms, Sea Urchin, Fried Bacon stuffed Dates, Hangar steak and so much more I can't remember. Definitely a epicurean dining experience. Great place to eat pre-party! Excited to go back!!!!!
4	This place caught my attention as we passed by one night because it just look like a fun cute place to go.  Then a co-worker posted pictures and was raving about it, so when I found out girlfriends were coming into town, decided to take them here and was so glad I did.  Everything was yummy.  My favorites were the lobster paella, endives, chicken fritters and hazelnut cake.  Thought the chorizo wrapped in potato would have been better, it was just okay.  And it was our first time to discover a clementine drink, which was fun.  I think overall a fun place to go to with friends or on a date.  Liked it so much, planning on taking my husband back there!
3	Took my 2 sisters and wife here for my big sisters bday. Ambience and service were great. Food not so much. Few of the cooks must have been heavy handed on the salt that night. Everything was too salty and I like salt. Probably going to give it another try though. Egg and onion omelet with uni was my fav dish.  Sangria and cocktails were really good.
4	A little noisyMost dishes are excellent Lobster salad and flank stakeBut some of the dishes just okOverall solid but not as out of the world as bazaar in Beverly hills
3	I thought the food at The Bazaar was only ok overall, so it wasn't a surprise that the food at Jaleo was ok as well.  However, depending on the dish, some of the tapas at both locations are EXCELLENT.  Like The Bazaar, you have to know what to order; if you order the right things, the food can be AMAZING.  I ate here as a snack meal, so only tried 4 tapas, ranked from best to worst (photos uploaded of all 4) :Rossejat (4.5 stars): This dish was DELICIOUS. The menu says "norwegian lobster," but it's more like a giant prawn on top.  The "prawn" is cooked to perfection; very juicy and tender.  It rests on top of a bed of crispy noodles (with bits of cuttlefish mixed in).  Served with a garlic aioli sauce, which goes really well with the noodles.  This is a must-order dish.  It is a bit on the salty side though, so minus 1/2 star. Otherwise, this dish is perfect! Sauteed shrimp (4 stars): Simple, yet good.  Served in a lemon-garlic sauce that goes really well with the juicy shrimp.Chicken tenders/Croquettas (3 stars): A bit on the salty side.  The waiter recommended this dish as a house favorite, but it was only ok.  The filling in the fried dough was a bit too creamy for my liking.  I also didn't like the idea of it being served in a shoe.Uni w/ pomegranate foam (1.5 stars): Very pretty dish, but taste-wise, not so great.  I love uni, but this dish ruined it.  Uni doesn't pair well with pomegranate.  Uni naturally has a slight sweet, creamy taste, but when soaked in pomegranate foam juice, it gives it a sour taste & sour uni is just not good.  Once the sour flavor goes away, the uni tastes better, but might as well just eat uni by itself then.
5	Delicious, delicious, delicious. Only negative was that some dishes took a little while to get to the table. But when they got there...my word and stars! Bacon wrapped dates and the spicy chorizo were the highlights.
5	Great food & service! Everything we ordered was not exactly what i expected but was very good! Alot of the dishes are done very unique-either in the presentation or in twist of ingredients! Went with my husband. We were seated next to several other two tops and ended up talking to the tables next to us as well! It would be a great place for a group! Only suggestions is make sure to pack some gum! (Alot of garlic in the dishes)
3	At a conference in Vegas.  The restaurant is located in the new swanky somewhat overdone Cosmopolitan Hotel on the Strip.  But what is not overdone on the strip?The sangria was great.  Not your typical sugary sangria.  Almost a peppery taste.  We had 3 carafes so I'm assuming all liked it.Food was good.  One dish was served in a shoe (yes a shoe).  The item tasted great, but the shoe was not a great presentation. Table top presentation here seemed to lack overall.  In Vegas you would expect over the top in this arena.  Some more work to be done with this. Our table was right next to the dessert action station and they were selling a bunch!  The chocolate flan is to die for.  There was a hot food action station too.  The paella was great.  That evening was rabbit and duck if I recall.  Would I go back?  Theoretically yes, but there is so much on the Strip to try probably not.Very noisy - difficult for a business dinner.
3	I went to Jaleo the other day and it is a hip place to go. The ambiance of the place is a loud with great energy. I had no idea how playful the food could be. I had started with the sangria, it was tasty and I could not taste the alcohol.  I got to try to try sample lots of the small plates. Seleccion meats 2/10Pollo Croquetas  7/10La Serena Cone 5/10Tortilla Patatas   4/10Endivias Naranja  4/10Bruselas Jamon    6/10Gambas al Ajillo  8/10Valenciana  3/10Pan con tmate  7/10Arroz Bogavante 7/10Tarta De Manzana 7/10Flan 7/10Coffee 8/10
3	I was really excited for this restaurant to open. I love the Bazaar by Jose Andres and unfortunately this doesn't compare. The food is good but nothing really stood out as a signature must order. The sangria, however, was excellent. The ambiance is less trendy/intimate/unique than the Bazaar and is louder/brighter with a bit of a cafeteria feel to it. When we went the service was a little slow and lackluster, but I assume once it is open for awhile that will change. Note sure if I would go back.
3	Reso @ 9, seated at 9:45. We opted to stick with tapas only. Fave was the chorizo. The hams were  particularly outstanding.  Place is really loud and busy.  Espresso was cold and about a one ounce serving size, so avoid that.  Tapas portions are always on the small size so you just keep ordering more until full. Worth going once, probably won't go a second time.
2	Interesting place if you like trendy. Now that I know what a tapas restaurant is, I will never go back. But hey, if you like side dishes delivered in a shoe, this place is for you!
4	Endivias con queso de cabra y naranjas VERY yummy, Best Fried Dates I've had, manchego apple salad was tasty. Lobster Paella was disappointing. Great service! I will be back!
2	eh, this place is in the cosmo hotel and i didn't enjoy it that much. the most interesting thing was that the fritters (i think that is what it was) we ordered were served in a leather sneaker. a gimmicky conversation piece that wasn't that neat. i'm still trying to figure out the connection.it's way too bright in here. the place is bright white and red. not very intimate.finding the bathroom is like a maze. my friend asked a waiter where it is and he insisted on showing her because it is tricky. the waiter we had was disinterested and unable to make recommendations. curious.we order the sangria and it was "eh," but incredibly strong. a bit spicy, which was interesting. i preferred the plain vodka soda i ordered.i left hungry in spite of my party of three ordering lots and lots of tapas, but didn't mind because i wanted to keep looking slim in my tight dress (girrrrls, you know what i mean!). i honestly cannot remember the names of all the things we ordered, or any haha.there are better places equally costly to check out while in vegas...skip jaleo and go there lol
5	I was there in December when the place had just opened. Everything ran smoothly and the service was great.  It was pretty lively and energetic in there with people filling the entire restaurant. Not a quiet place but a good place for drinks and tapas.Everything we ordered was fantastic. I even had some pulpo (octopus)! The jamon was delicious and imported from Spain, I believe. Mmm. The sangria was also very, very good.They ran out of a bunch of the desserts we wanted so they eventually ended up comping the two desserts we finally selected that they did have.The food also inspired me to visit the bazaar in LA. If you're in LA, check it out -- I think it's even better than Jaleo.On the pricey side - I believe for about 5-6 tapas and some sangria it was around $125. If you have the cash to spend, it's totally worth it, though!
5	What a great surprise this was. I saw the 3 1/2 stars on Yelp so I was a little hesistant but being that i was staying in the Cosmopolitan our group decided to try it out. Turns out this place rocks. I've never been the biggest fan of Spanish tapas but this place had the best I've ever had (that incudes Spain). Probably because they had their own twist to what was being served but everthing we ordered was just outstanding  and the presentation of the food made it look like pieces of art. I'll be back.
4	Fantastic food, great service, crazy prices. I had three teeny courses with two glasses of modest wine, and spent almost 80.00. For one person. And I left HUNGRY!!Jose Andres restaurants have the best gazpacho. Slam dunk every time...but like all tapas, the portions are tiny. :(
5	Love it! first time having tapas each dish was wonderful!I can't remember the name of each dish we ate.Sangria half carafe was awesome, sweet spicy fruity drink will have againWe had the grilled bread with fresh tomato, wonderful i could have eaten it all!Shared the chicken fritters (um they are served in a shoe lol) it was like eating a bite sized chicken potpie soooo yummy!we ended up sharing 2 plates of the shrimp on this one each person should get there own lol also had the Carne Asada amazing!!!! I never eat beef with any pink in, this though is the exception! cooked perfect melt in you mouth goodnessThis place was awesome can't wait to go again!
5	First of all I wanted to commend the crew on their impeccable service here - they really know how to make you feel special. Somehow this always makes the food taste better!All of the tapa choices for the evening were picked out by our server - how could we say NO to all of her choices -Foie Gras baked with black truffle, prosciutto bruchetta, brussel sprout citrus salad that will knock your socks off, lobster paella, green apple fennel & fig salad, bacon-wrapped figs, exotic cheeses...did I get them all?? WOW - it was richly fantastic. I have discovered a white sangria - and even got the list of secret ingredients!This was a true delight and epicurean journey!
2	Can't say I'm impressed with the Cosmo food scene. There's better tapas at Firefly. The hidden pizza joint next door is a more satisfying meal. The Cosmo better step it up food wise. It's highway robbery for very so-so quality food. They obviously want more of a vibe than a great place to eat. Great food gets return customers. Everyone on that 3rd floor are in for a surprise in a year from now....
5	Not sure why this place isn't rated higher on Yelp.  Sure, it's pricier than Firefly, and maybe even not as good, but they're two different animals.  Jaleo is just cool-looking, and they have some really unique dishes.  The paellas rotate daily, so I didn't get to eat the lobster paella I was hoping for, but the duck paella was pretty darned good.  And I'd never had monkfish before, either.  I don't even remember what else we got, but it was all deicious.  And the service was fantastic, as was to be expected at the Cosmopolitan.
3	It was an experience eating at Jaleo, but it is not somewhere where I will return to in a while. They serve small portions(tapas) and they also have paella which is traditional Spanish rice dish (the one we had was lobster, but i believe they have diff. kinds). The food was STRICTLY OK, but just the experience was worth trying at least once. The egg with caviar was the best dish we ordered there. We also ordered rabbit, but I definitely am not a fan of, but my boyfriend enjoyed it. The seating was kindda weird for us because the table next to us was less than a foot away so there was no privacy whatsoever.
2	Was here for a girls weekend.  Stopped in to Jaleo for some Tapas.  Ambiance is very loud. We got lucky and got seated in a private room because there were 10 of us.  Service was great EXCEPT from our main server.  She was a total biatch! She got annoyed when we didn't order a mass amount of alcohol. Sh!t, with the prices we had to pay in this restaurant, we couldn't afford alcohol.  She recommended the pork paella.  It was not very good at all!!! The pork was just spare-ribs with bones in it.  It was very difficult to eat because the meat was not tender so you had to rip it off the bones. The rice was uncooked!  We mentioned this to the waitress and she made some excuses and said that is how it is cooked.  Then she dismissed us by saying "sorry" very sarcastically.  Bottom line, if you guys like your rice cooked, DO NOT order the paella!!! It is NOT good.  Everything else is okay, just okay, not delicious.
2	Food and alcohol deserve 4 stars - very standard classic spanish/basque tapas executed well, very creative and delicious specialty cocktails.Ambiance and service deserve 0 stars - overly loud dining room, unnecessarily lazy staff and servers.For the details - Firstly, Jaleo messed up my reservation.  I originally had a res for a party of 6 people @ 6PM on Friday.  I called 3 days prior to change to 8 people @ 7 PM.  I didn't get a confirmation call the day-of which I thought was weird.  Sure enough, they never changed the original reservation and since we were "an hour late" when we arrived, they had already given up our table.  They did seat us immediately but had to squeeze us into a table meant for 6 right at the front of the restaurant by the bar and hotel escalators.  Yuck.  And, as noted by many here, the main dining room is certainly loud.I also think it's ridiculous that they don't answer their phones before dining service begins.  Having to wait til 8PM on the east coast to call and make (and then change) reservations was ludicrous.  This is probably also why they don't call you to confirm.So, we were seated and the waitress came around to take drink orders and informed us that, in her exact words, "the kitchen is broken" and they were doing all the cooking on the grills in the middle of the restaurant, so there were a few dishes that weren't available.  She didn't specifically mention which, of course.We got our drinks and they were all amazing.  The famous G&T, sangria, some gold sparkly drink, a drink with instructions on how to drink it (dip this into this, then put this in your mouth, then sip this, then do a dance...)Now, I'm a tapas whore, and the menu at Jaleo is very much standard classic tapas, nothing really out of the ordinary.  So I go to order 6 of the usual suspects for my wife and I.  They couldn't make a single one of them.  Well, what can you make then?  "Well nothing from this side of the menu or that side of the menu."  So...let me try again...what CAN you make?Wound up figuring things out and placing our order, and the tapas started arriving shortly thereafter.  Except the runners kept coming to my side of the long table, saying to me what the dish was, and then putting it down in front of me.  So I had to turn into the waiter, loudly screaming across the table to see who ordered each dish and then passing it down.  I finally got fed up around the 8th plate or so and started forcing the runners to do their job and figure out who ordered each dish so they could place it in front of the right person.  For.every.single.dish.  Ugh.Also, there were a few dishes we had ordered doubles of that we never received.  Thank god the food was good.  We probably ordered every dish that was available and none disappointed.  Winner of the night in my book was the lamb ribs.  Fall-off-the-bone delicious.  Other mentionables - patatas bravas were potato chips which was a neat twist, and the romesco sauce had an interesting smokey flavor.  Otherwise, as I said, pretty standard stuff all executed well.
5	Went here a few weeks ago. This place is great! Casual dress with small plates that are very good. Prices are reasonable for what you get as well. We had quite a few plates, however, my favorite was the foie gras stuffed cannelloni with black shaved truffles. It was phenomenal. We shared sangria, which was good. I eyed another customer receiving a dish in a shoe, literally a old loafer type shoe, I asked the waitress about it and she informed me it was a chicken dish that was popular. I would like to go back and try the risotto. Anywhere that is good enough for the owner of El Bulli is good enough for me *wink wink*
4	Terrific tapas. Had a dozen little things to try and they all within range from good to excellent. The umami in the olive oil ice cream with grapefruit ice and candied rind segments was unexpected and extremely memorable. Their Best Gin and Tonic is, yes, the best gin and tonic. Fresh kaffir lime leaf, juniper berries, lemon zest with an ice sphere made for an excellent aperitif. I hope the next time I come, I get the same experience with the food. I don't know what people expect with the ambiance and why they bomb it. Its not fine dining or white table cloth service--it should be loud. You should hear the fire roar on the grill to your left, the commis in the open raw bar confirming orders with urgency, plates and glasses banging and inebriated douche bags yelling for more Tempranillo. Its the experience! ITS a little part of  SPAIN pocketed in a little part of VEGAS. Enjoy it while it lasts. Nothing rarely does anymore.
4	I found the staff very informative as well as courteous. The dishes and combinations of food and flavors was superb. I booked my reservation on-line during a busy weekend and had no problem even when we were running behind. We did have a later seating of 10pm though. The atmoshpere was a little loud as it's set up like a cafeteria but all in all it was a good experience and convenient before going to Marqui.
2	This place was a disapointment. The torilla Classico was not classic, it was tasteless eggs with potato chips on top, the octopus was tough and what really made me not like the place was if you want bread.... a staple at any tapas restaurant you had to pay, $1.00 a slice. I just don't think it is worth the hype, this restaurant goes onto the huge list of great chefs who open in Las Vegas and instead of offering the same quality they would at home, they offer tastless unsophisticated crap.
4	gf , sis and i decided on a "cosmo food crawl" first stop - Jaleo. Friday night - place is hopping so we opt for the bar. Even the tables within the bar area are packed. Our goal - 3-4 small plates, a drink then off to the next restaurant. Bartender was very nice, attentive and shared her opinion on the favs. We basically sat in front of where they have the portion of the kitchen where they cook the paella over a wood pit - looked cool but how's the food ? Ordered a 1/2 carafe of the sangria ( $18), the Pan con tomate and added the jamon iberrica ( total cost $15 ), Chicken Croquettes ( $10 ) , the bacon wrapped dates ( $8 ) and finally the lobster Paella ($23) The sangria had a real earthiness to it - not what i would call the standard refreshing sangria. The bartender advised there was cinnamon and star anise in it. I liked it but it looked like a springtime drink that tasted like a fall drink. they brought out the croquettes first ( would've preferred the pan tomato as the starter ) - the croquettes ( 5 of them ) were very good. it was like a high end Chicken ala King in a pastry that almost looked like a pizza bite. The pan tomato was next with the dates. The dates ( again 5 of them ) looked like the chicken croquettes but of course, totally different in taste. I gotta admit, Firefly has them beat on the dates ! The pan tomato ( 3 slices of bread with tomato seasonings and then the ham ) simple but oh so good - the bread had a crunchy bottom yet an airy lightness above. The only downer - about a 10 minute delay ( possibly a little more ) for the paella. The rice was amazing - full of flavor, definitely used a lobster stock within the rice. Two lobster claws , cracked, were included - decent flavor . I was kinda hoping for some Chorizo and a few other seafood nibbles - nope. Also, was there saffron ? Overall, I liked the place and will definitely return to try more. photo of lobster posted
2	I love the Bazaar at SLS.  I consider it to be one of the best restaurants i've ever been to! I was beyond excited to try Jaleo. It came highly recommended and I had fun imagining the crazy thing Jose Andres could do with Spanish tapas.What we got was so disappointing! To start off, the ambiance of this restaurant sucks. It's loud and the chairs are super uncomfortable. It's not a "dressy" place at all, it doesn't even feel like a "nice" place. The people sitting next to us looked like they had come right from the pool and overall the vibe was super casual.  Service was spotty at best, except that 3 times they tried to take away our dishes when there were still several bites left. Excuse me!The food was fine. It wasn't bad. There was nothing amazing or creative about this food at all, just your standard Spanish Tapas.  The only thing that was unique was the fact that they served chicken fritters in an old shoe. When we asked the waitress about the significance of the shoe she just said ," I get asked that so much. The only thing we can think of is that Jose doesn't like plates". It felt so gimmicky!  For 2 people, I would order 5-8 Tapas to feel full. With the plethora of AMAZING other places to eat in Vegas and in the cosmopolitan hotel, Jaleo is not a place I would waste my time eating.**EDIT** I asked Jose Andres on twitter why he served the chicken fritters in a shoe and he replied! Here is his reply:1. plates are boring 2. dali served a dinner in hollywood to bob hope and others on shoes 3. by doing so people think 4.why not?
5	such a great place!!!  we got the lobster paella...when the server offers paella...place the order...if they run out you'll have to wait a long time for the next batch.  we were sooo lucky.  service was great!!! the tapas were off the hook. i loved the veal cheeks. it was a fun atmosphere!!! you'll love it
5	Iberico ham from Spain was exquisite!  Paella was beautiful! And all the sinful drinks were perfect!
2	food: so the good dishes include pan con tomate, endives with goat cheese and clementines, fried eggplant with molasses and of course...their gin & tonic and sangria.  the not-so-good dishes include the fried bacon wrapped dates, veal cheeks and spicy chorizo wrapped in a crispy potato.  their chocolate panna cotta was delish though.service: knowledgeable and friendly.  great bussers and runners too.final thoughts: i love jose andreas, but this restaurant was really just so-so.  ughhhhhh so disappointing.
3	The Skinny: skillful executed dishes but really odd flavour combinations that do not work (3), service: was good and efficient for a place of this caliber (3.5) value: I think tapas might be a synonym for charging you more for a smaller dish of food - we ordered 6 dishes and 1 dessert for $75 prior to tax and tip(3) I really wanted to try Jaleo ever since I learned that Jose Andres started the whole tapas craze here in the US (although I first learned about tapas from watching the Frugal Gourmet when I was a kid - that's before all the sketchy allegations!). Plus being a Top Chef fan, I am always keen to try some of the guest judges cuisine.First of all, I want to preface this. I do not doubt that Mr. Andres has incredible skill. I think that some of the things we had took a lot of technique to perfect (ie, Iberico ham croquettes and Cod empanadas). But technical skill does not make a great meal because in the end (for me)...it is all about flavour.So we started off with some roasted peppers, eggplant and sweet onion which was not what we were expecting. If you check out the pics - the eggplant looked like tapeworms swimming in olive oil. Visual appeal rates a zero. Luckily, it tasted okay albeit pedestrian given the caliber of this establishment.I think the thing that makes this place shine is their ability to take make fried food with a molten center. Both the Iberico ham croquettes and cod empanadas were surprisingly lovely and crisp on the outside without succuming to the liquid in the middle. There were problems with the these dishes though. The flavour of the Iberico ham was lost in the enveloping bechamel sauce. The cod empanadas were good but were overly fishy for my hubby's tastes (kind of like a strong mackeral - I'll admit, I did enjoy this but would likely not order this again).Iberico ham (oh, that creamy nutty luscious goodness that literally melts in your mouth) was very small portion considering the cost. Doesn't come with bread either which made it difficult to truly enjoy due to the inherent salinity of the meat. It definitely needed something else to justify the cost of this dish.The foie gras cannelloni was a huge disappointment mostly because of the preparation of the foie gras filling. The texture was grainy while the flavour of goose liver was completely absent from the dish. As a matter of fact, the filling had an unpleasant sourness to it that even overwhelmed the lovely unctiousness of the liberally combined shaved truffle and truffle oil. As they say, no bueno.By far the best dish of the night - the veal cheek with morel mushrooms. Utterly delicious, the judicious scent of cinnamon gave a mild hint of spice in this earthy dish. The textures of the meat was marvelous - like the best succulent short rib you've ever had. Hazelnut cake was surprising lacking in hazelnuts other than as a candied garnish. For a Nutella lover like me, it's like a bait and switch and I was oh-so-sad. A chocolate mousse over sponge was okay but nothing you couldn't get elsewhere for significantly less. Toying with my affections that way is a cruel joke, my friends. A cruel joke indeed.Like all tapas places, the portion sizes were small and definitely overpriced. I would probably go back again for the veal cheek alone (yes, it is that good and is also the sole reason this place rates a 3) but would likely order other things off the menu.
3	I came here back in February. We ordered a bunch of tapas, all of which I remember being good. The one I can still recall very well is the fried dates wrapped in bacon. As others have said, the ambiance is kind of lacking. Because of the location of this restaurant and particularly where we sat, a large group of us, right near the walkway, it almost gives the feel like you are in a food court. Not completely, but almost. I remember there being some awkward coat racks or something at our table that we asked them to move. I don't even know how to describe them, but they were more annoying than anything. As someone else pointed out, the chairs were not the most comfortable. It was just an odd setup overall for a nice restaurant.
4	This was the first time I had ever had dinner at a "high-end" restaurant.It was more like a food tasting party than a fulfilling dinner. All the dishes came in small portions but were very pricey. The oysters are amazinggg. The preserved raw ham was really good, we had two different kinds, one was from a vegetarian pig, and the other was from a pig that freely ate all sorts of things. We also had the hot dogs which were not like regular hot dogs but tiny ones that were burnt to perfection. We also had the fried rice with rabbit, I am not a big fan of rabbit so I did not exactly enjoy that dish, but everybody else did. For dessert we had the mango pudding and the vanilla bean ice cream with olive oil. They gave really small portions but it was beautifully crafted and nicely put together on the dish. And I enjoyed everything and the experience for the most part. It was truly an authentic high end Spanish cuisine. This is also in the new building called the Cosmopolitan in vegas, the place is wonderful and amazing.
3	Service - 7Atmosphere - 7Food - 8Vegetarian Friendly - 6General Awesomeness - 7I can't say much about the bacon wrapped dates due to my vegetarianism, but I will say the waiter who solely monitored our water glass was top notch.  All the veggies were great and the tourists seemed to behave themselves.
5	This was my fave dinner of 4 nights in Vegas.  Service was flawless.  Food was delicious!  Yes, the decor/ambience wasn't over the top, but it was fine.  There's enough over the top stuff in Vegas to look at.  And anyway,  I go for food, not for the design.Our head waiter knew the menu inside out and was able to answer all questions in great detail.  He made excellent recommendations as well.The signature gin & tonic was as good as everyone says and I loved the spherical ice ball in it.We ended up having 2 orders of the Serrano ham fritters between two of us because they were so good!  I'm a sucker for croquettes.I would absolutely return and look forward to it!   Look at my pic of the lobster paella...it too was amazing!  I have nothing to complain about at all.  Loved, loved, loved this place!!!!!
5	This place was top notch.  It was our first time at a Tapas restaurant.  The restaurant interior is modern "pop culture" and very inviting.  We started out with drinks, obviously, and the Jose Bramble is a must try.  Then we tried the La Peral cheese which comes with almonds and a yummy apricot.  The staff was wonderful.  We continued on with our choices.  My suggestion is go try it yourself and you must order the dates wrapped in bacon.  I recommend not sitting at the Foosball table since the chairs are uncomfortable but it was interesting to see it actually was playable.  Make reservations because it is popular.
4	I heard about Jose Andres from Washington DC, and decided to try out the food while I was gambling.. luckily we won a bunch of money and blew it all on food. The ambiance was fast paced, noisy, friendly, colorful, just unique. I loved the yuca chips, and decided to try something exotic like a Rabbit short-rib dish. It was delicious. Flavors were different enough, and the Sangria was out of this world.Our waitress was very attentive! Supposedly his DC restaurant has even better food, and they changed the menus up a bit for Vegas. In any case I loved the restaurant, the food and the atmosphere was spectacular, can't wait to try out his other restaurants!!
4	Went here with some buddies when we decided to visit the new Cosmopolitan.  Jaleo is like candy.  Candy for the palate and candy for the eyes.  Lots of great tastes and the eye candy walking around this place makes it hard to focus on the food!I would come here just for Iberico ham and tomato bread but there's so much more.  While the chicken fritters served in a shoe was interesting, the craziest dish was the garlic and almond soup with green grapes.  It sounds like a crazy combination but it worked - earthy, nutty, sweet and tangy, all together.  The only disappointment was the paella.  It is made with such fanfare that you expect it to be great and it's just ... ok.The tab is quite reasonable for Las Vegas Strip dining.
4	Food: The gazpacho was nice and herby. The paella had a pleasing hearty flavor. The hazelnut chocolate dessert was decadent. The apple tart had saffron which gave it a very unique and interesting taste. Unfortunately, I felt that some of their other dishes had taste combinations that were a bit awkward.Service: Friendly, attentive, prompt.Ambience: Lively, clubby
1	I won't lie, I'm surprised I'm giving this 1 star given the description of this place, i expected to give it 5 stars. Unfortunately I really have very little to say that's good here. Arrived for my 8:15 reservation @ 8:00pm and checked in. Was told I could wait at the bar and buy the $18 Gin & Tonic (apparently the best in Vegas) and they'd call me shortly. about 1.5 hrs later, I finally was seated. yes. 1.5 hrs... and given the reservation was for 8:15 I was pretty disappointed. Even more disappointed by the fact that I watched a walk-in that had arrived AFTER my group and was seated before us (there were a few open tables we conveniently stood by that the walk-in's got). There's no question, the hostess just forgot about us. it wasn't until the bartender noticed our annoyance that he went and got us a table. Strike 1.I love (and I mean LOVE) tapas. We ordered a bunch of traditional dishes, expecting them to be a little more traditional. The patatas bravas (that were around $14) was a bowl of potato chips w/ mayo & spicy tomato sauce on top of them. yes. POTATO CHIPS. This was highly disappointing. Strike 2.Service was incredibly slow - we ran out of water and waiting over 30 minutes trying to get a refill. WOW. Strike 3.Out of the dishes we ordered, I couldn't point to a single one that was better than the food at Julian Serrano (in Aria, just next door). And of all the dishes we ordered, all were more expensive than their counterparts at Julian Serrano. None of it tasted bad, I just can't justify the price for the taste.Finally, at the end of the meal, we all ended up forking over around $85/person and walked away still hungry. Will not be going back.
4	Glorious group spot in Vegas. I've been here twice and both times were amazing.Pro's include beautiful people watching, very sharable food, and the best Hendricks & Cucumber I've had to date. It comes with a really neat circular cube and very fresh garnishing.This worked out perfectly both Friday's we went before going out. Great rally-spot.
1	Service is good! Food suck!!! :-(
2	Jaleo is located at the cosmo where all the other restos are. We had reservations and we were coming a tad bit late. I called in ahead of time just to let them know I was running around 5-10 minutes behind.Upon arrival I apologized for being late. The hostess carried an arrogant attitude which unfortunately left a really bitter taste in my mouth.  We were seated about 20 minutes later at a table that had been unoccupied for about 15 minutes. Luckily we had a really sweet server who offered food/drink suggestions. The restaurant is well lit with very modern furniture. The ambiance is trendy, just about fitting for its patrons.Their menu is fairly large which I appreciated. We got:1) Pan con tomate 2) Croquetas de jamon3) Fried dates in bacon4) Carne Asada5) Chorizo wrapped in crispy potato6) Pork and foie gras canelone with bechamel sauceEverything was just ok. Definitely not worth the exorbitant prices for so-so cuisineBUT. I will say that that the only redeeming factor about this meal was the pork and foie gras canelone.  It was sinfully rich, flavorful, and I just wish I had more.
1	Cool place! Cool decor! Beautiful servers!Creative food (in mini-mini portions)Service SUCKS!!!Go for a drink and some olives, move on to the next place.
5	All I can say.... YUMMYYY!!! Ask your server for suggestions. I ate whatever was ordered and it was delicious. I love the setting of their setting and atmosphere, service was prompt or maybe because the group I came with was highly important but who cares. Hands down to Jaleo and the awsome food.
5	Big fan!  I love tapas because I can try a little bit of everything!  The food was great, the energy was fantastic and our service was superb.  What more is there to ask?
2	I really wanted to like this place, since my friend raved about it. We came here around 5pm, the place was pretty empty, we were seated right away. From the looks of it, the restaurant was overstaffed... waitstaff standing around and looking into the distance. Maybe they partied too hard the night before... i don't know! After sitting around for a good 15 minutes without anyone coming up to us we finally had to flag someone down. Since we were newbies to such cousine, we expected our server to explain the menu.... well the server/manager just briefly went over the menu w/out going into details about the items we wanted to order. He said everything's good on the menu. Ok whatever. Keep in mind these tapas are TINY, so don't come here with a big apetite; before we could even finish our tiny dish the plates would get picked up. When my friend finally mentioned something to the busboy to leave the plate, his reply was "are you serious?!" . A great way to make a customer feel comfortable is to question the customer. I really wanted to enjoy this dining experience, however the SERVICE was terrible and pretty much ruined it for us.
1	awful just awful!!  atmosphere was nice but ....food was subpar. For cosmopolitan's standards this place should be closed down.  PAPER was found in my croquette. Manager said ' sorry it was not to your tastes'. WHO LIKES PAPER ?? IM NOT A GOAT!Paella was cold and unfresh. obviously old paella from a previous batch . probably had a prize to the waiter who could sell it before it hit the trash bin. everything was rather bland , and messily presented. why was food served in old shoes?? gross..
5	The vegetarian and seafood tapas is an experience in itself. Brilliant food, great atmosphere for a group of friends.
5	Make a reservation. Order the sangria! One carafe will fill about 6 glasses. Everything on the menu was delicious! Really enjoyed the scallops and beet salad. The only thing our party wasn't fond of was the fried wonton thing with cod filling drizzled with honey. The description sounded tasty, since everything seems to go well with honey.  I was expecting actual fish inside but it was more of a cream with a strong fishy cod flavor, unexpected but not in a good way. I grabbed one and it actually had nothing inside, so I was basically eating a chip with honey over it. That dish didn't ruin the overall experience. Great service, the waiter was helpful, and so were our bus boys. They were quick and attentive. Didn't get to try the paella bc our party was too small but it sure looked good, you can see it and smell it cooking in the back! Skip the buffet and come here for a lighter meal packed full of flavors and options!
4	This more like a 4 1/2 stars. The food was great, the sangria was great, the service was great & the dessert was delicious. The only down side to this place is, like most expensive restaurants, they are very stingy about the food.The excuse that Jaleo uses is that it a tapas restaurant..... Well, it a good one.This is a good place to celebrate with some good friends!!!
2	Food served in a sneaker, an overbearing wait staff, and overpriced cocktails sums up my not so great experience at this new tapas restaurant.  My boyfriend and I ordered the Croquetas de pollo (Traditional chicken fritters), Pan con tomate (Toasted slices of rustic bread brushed with fresh tomatoes), Endibias con queso de cabra y naranjas (Endives with goat cheese, oranges and almonds),  and 'Rossejat' (Traditional 'paella' of fried pasta with shrimp).  The first dish that was brought to our table was the chicken fritters.  To our surprise and disgust, the chicken fritters were served in a men's sneaker.  A shoe on a table?  A shoe in place of a plate or bowl?  For all the awesome bowls that one could find at any restaurant depot or HomeGoods, the shoe was completely ridiculous, unnecessary and certainly not appetizing.  The rustic bread with tomatoes was very dry and lacked flavor.  As for the paella, the restaurant again tried to be savvy by using angel hair pasta instead of rice.  Unfortunately, the pasta stuck the bottom of the pan and was virtually impossible to eat.  Overall, I found this dining experience to be a complete waste of time and money.  If anyone is interested in enjoying tapas during their next Las Vegas trip head over to Julian Serrano at Aria Resort and Casino.  The food is much better and dishes, bowls and utensils are all that you will find on your table.
4	yes, I paid $22 for a plate of ham. not just any ham, but jamon iberico. and it was good.
4	I came in for the paella and the storied fire-pit it cooks in. I was impressed by everything- except for the Valencian paella itself.Although there were no tables available, we were seated within minutes at the bar. The hostess was polite as was our server. The chairs are uncomfortable, great for math, not so much for drinking and eating. Despite how busy it was, our drink orders were taken immediately and we had them quickly. I was feeling a Pinot noir and the server suggested a Spanish red, volver I believe, which was excellent but I believe a bottle they keep regularly available so it tasted a little flat.There was much to choose from off the menu, and I selected espinacas to get some greens in, hearty with nice crunchiness from the pine nuts. Jamon iberico was as delightful as anticipated. The quail was another hit and the cannelloni, rich cream sauce, soft shell and meaty inside - instant stroke. We even got free ham fritters, fried and battered cheese/ham balls, by accident, a nice delicious surprise.The paella however, fell flat.  All of the flavors were there, saffron, rabbit,  and chicken; however, the rice was undercooked. I wanted to believe it was just a little crispy, but it was certainly not cooked through and through.  What a black mark on an otherwise delicious evening.  Jaleo, is worth the visit, but make sure you have the time to wait for the paella to come out right and be prepared to send it back!
5	I have heard mixed things about jaleo and was skeptical to try it... Everything I had was great.   Worth trying if you like tapas and something just a little different.
4	Why do I have to be on my diet coming here?! Unfortunately, my diet does not allow for paella, the dish that Jaleo boasts, but after having such a wonderful first experience, I know I'll definitely try it on my return. Food was excellent, tasty and creative.  Service was super fast, as in lightning fast! It seemed as if our orders came out within 5 minutes from ordering! At one time I asked for cream for my coffee and in what seemed like 2 seconds, suprise! The bus boy came right behind me with a little cup of cream! The menu, although shorter than Firefly's or Julian Serrano's, has masterfully crafted dishes.  My husband and I enjoyed every single dish we ordered. The wine list is well organized and well thought out.  Jaleo is the first restaurant that I have ever been to that uses Apple iPads as a menu -very unique and "trendsetty".  This is a promising restaurant and I can't wait to go back.
4	Ten?  Fifteen?  Twenty?  I lost count of all the glorious courses we were served while dining (in a large group, mind you) at Jaleo last week.  Lucky enough to snag a reservation for 12 on short notice (thank YOU, Jose), we traipsed in to Jaleo and put our trust in the server's hands.For the most part, that was a good idea.  He concocted a tapas tasting menu of literally ten plus courses, including the best of the best (marinated mussels, fried bacon-wrapped dates, and pesto-infused monkfish) and some not-so-standout (fried eggplant, goat cheese-dappled endive, and fried shrimp were all just OK).Top this off with two - TWO! - lobster courses (an incredible steamed version with jasmine foam and marinara, and a decent-but-nothing-to-write-home-about seafood paella) and we were stuffed, satiated, and impressed.  The sparkling white sangria, though a bit light for a cocktail of its own, paired well with the salty and spicy foods throughout the meal.If you have a big group of adventurous (read: willing to eat raw, spicy, seafood, cured meats, and any arrangement of vegetables) eaters, you will NOT miss with Jaleo.  My boyfriend and I agreed that this is the type of eating that makes Vegas a can't-miss culinary destination, and Jose Andres a well-reputed celebrity chef.
4	yummy :)had a great experience here....only problem was the AC was on  blast!
1	Horrible. Some friends of mine and I were here one night before going to Marquee and hit this place up. The sushi place was too busy so this looked like the next best thing. We started with 3 appetizers- the potato wrapped chorizo, white asparagus, patadas bravas. We were so turned off by the quality of the food we never ordered meals and left hungry. Enough said.
3	tapas?  I guess that means we need to order a lot of dishes?  is 20 dishes enough for 6 people?  we ordered so much food that the waiter asked if we would be able to finish it.  it helps that the meal was comped.  before heading to the restaurant I did a little "yelp" research to see what's good and a definite must try.  jaleo has a HUGE menu.  honestly I don't really remember too much about this meal except for a few items that stood out.  the cold almond lobster soup with grapes was a hit at the table.  cold soup?  who would've thought?  their hot soup, don't remember what it was, was memorable also.  I remember it was too salty!  another hit was the kusshi oysters with gin and tonic.  again, how do they know that was a good combo?  did someone spill some gin and tonic on some oysters?  I really really loved it.  other than that, everything else was either average or just plain forgettable.  I do remember eating some kind of beef and the paella.  overall, it was just an average dinner, nothing special.  the service was great, very attentive but it's vegas.  it's all about the service.  I guess I shouldn't really complain since the dinner was free.  if it was free I would come back.  if I had to pay I'd probably just hit the buffet.
3	If you are looking for something lively, light, and trendy, give Jaleo a try.  It is located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino on the Strip in Vegas.   The level with the restaraunts is all open to a common area with so it has an open feel.  It is rather load and a lot of movement between wait staff and servers, etc.  Tapas menu with prices ranging from $9 - $22 per plate.  We went for a light snack - ordered only 2 tapas but they accidently brought us a 3rd one: They waitress recommended about 3 tapas per person.  We only went with one since we had a very late lunch that day and really didn't want a full dinner.Items sampled: Huevo frito con caviar - A fried organic egg topped with caviar over carmelized onion  $16 - which they slice and mix up at table) - it was served with crouton like toast.... I wouldn't have ordered it and the flavors were pretty mild.) We also had the Ostra Gin and tonic - Six oysters with lemon, gin and tonic $12 and the Vieiras con salsa de romesco (Seared scallops with romesco sauce) $10 -both of these items were tasty but nothing to go gaga over.There is a private group room but other than than, would not say it's great for a big group due to the noise and you are seated really tight..
3	Randomly ended up here as me and my co-workers were looking for a quick bite before heading into Marquee. While a bit pricey for any tapas that I have been to, what do you expect? You're in The Cosmopolitan. My review is off only a few items so I will definitely be back to sample a few more things to see whether or not it goes down or not I had the bruschetta prosciutto and a cocktail (I forget the name) which had vodka, wine, blueberries, cucumber water, and some type of red syrup. The cocktail was really good, maybe too good. Was there any alcohol in there? I'm not sure but for reason I would order it again. I have had better bruschetta but what was really good was the one bite I had off of my co-worker's dish, veal cheeks. The meat with the puree just melted in your mouth. In a way, it reminded me of one of my favorite lunchtime dishes in elementary school, shredded turkey and mash potatoes, but in a more sophisticated way? While a little on the expensive side, I would be willing to come back next time I'm staying in hotel to try out some more of their items.
4	I've been to Jaleo in DC and definitely don't remember it being as good as my meal at Jaleo in Vegas recently. Food was solid, great lively atmosphere and people watching into Cosmpolitan :)Service - good and fast!Sangria - The white sangria is extremely unique (Cava, Gin and other deliciousness) I highly recommend itSome favorites from the meal:Croquetas - Best croquetas I've ever hadCarne Asada - Perfectly cooked and deliciousOther notes:Patatas Bravas - More like potato chips than potatoes, a little non traditionalThe one thing that was just "ok" was actually the paella! I like my rice al dente but I thought it was a little too al dente? The lobster meat over it made up for it though. So decadent!
4	A trendy open concept Spanish-fusion restaurant with light, tasty tapas located on the restaurant level (3rd floor) of the Cosmo Hotel, Vegas - ideal for groups, girls especially, looking for a light meal with some drinks. Dressed to the nines, my 3 girlfriends and I dined here before going to XS at Wynn. It's contemporary in design and concept, which made for great ambience. The service was slow and servers were not very attentive, but the tapas were all very good - light and tasty. I'd recommend 4-6 shared among four girls to feel comfortable. The menu items have Spanish headlines with descriptors in English, which made it a little more confusing then need be for selecting tapas, but that's just me being picky. In the end, it was exactly the type of restaurant we were looking for :)Tapas we shared: See photos- Seared salmon w/ cauliflower & raspberry puree, $9 | Unique & Flavourful - Highly Recommend!- Classic chilled Spanish soup, $7 | Light, Summery, Refreshing - Recommend!- Endives w/ goat cheese, oranges & almonds, $7 | Tasty, but very small & light (4 endive leafs)- Spanish omelet, $8- Popular Specialties: Pan con tomate w/ Serrano ham (This looked delish, wish we tried it!) and Paella (Jaleo's Signature)
3	Atmosphere:   trendy, hipster modern look.  Very open and spare.  Place is echo-y and noisy, which bothered me.Service was pretty nice (when we got it), but somewhat spotty.  Our waitperson was nice and attentive most of the time.. but we had one long gap when we needed a lobster cracker.Prices:  Friends treated us, which was so special, and we had a great time.  But had I been paying I would have been horrified at what I think are expensive prices for very small (but artfully done) portions.Tapas:   Teeny, small and verrrry expensive.  But delicious. Had an egg with caviar, some excellent Gazpacho (I normally do not like gazpacho or cold soups, but this was soooooo good).  The presentation of the tapas is excellent, but I just find it silly that they are so tiny, especially for the price.Paella of the night was Valencia.  Our friends who were treating opted instead to order a custom Paella (serves 6 and there were 5 of us) with lobster and calamari.  I think it cost $120.  It was outstanding.  Rice cooked just right, lobster fabulous.  It was also fun to stand near the Paella cooking station and watch them work their magic over open fires.  Paella took 30 minutes, but worth it.   Drinks:   Did NOT like the red wine Sangria... too sweet and cloying.  Asked waitperson to recommend a Spanish red wine...  She brought me a glass of Vega Escal.  Excellent!  Smooth, full bodied, fruity, just right for the meal.  Desserts wonderful too, but again small and very expsensive.  About the time we were chowing down on our chocolate flan, the place suddenly got jam crowded about 10:30pm.   It go soooo noisy, I was glad we were almost done.  (I guess us "old fogies" like to eat "early", like around 8:30pm)Cosmopolitan Casino is outstanding, loved walking around enjoying the fabulous decorations, art, crystals surrounding the Chandelier bar, etc.   Nice that they had a pool table, foosball tables, etc. out in the open for anyone to use.Young, hip crowd.   I am old and tired, but still enjoyed it.
3	Hubby and I were on the cusp between 3 and 4 stars for Jaleo and decided to round down, given we had to pick a direction.  This is Las Vegas, after all, and Jaleo has set itself up to be held to a high standard.  Summary of our experience last month to start for those who like to read the ending of a story first is this:   Food:  5 Stars. Value: 4 Stars.  Ambiance Main Dining room: 4 Stars.  Ambiance Secondary (The Bull) Dining Room:  2 stars. Service: 2 Stars.   It was AOK but not so "Yay" as a total package experience that we're eager to return.  Are we glad we went once?  Yes. FOOD & LIBATIONS:  These were the best part of our experience.  We're fans of tapas in general and chef Jose Andres' approach in particular.  We had high expectations for the food and we were not disappointed.  Creative menu, perfect execution by the kitchen with sophisticated and subtle flavors for each of our five (including dessert) choices.  The savories we enjoyed were:  1) potato croquettes (not to be missed), 2) salad with cipollini onions - blue cheese - clementines (delicious), 3) monkfish in parsley oil (intriguingly good) and  4) saute of mixed wild mushrooms and Spanish sausage (heavy on the mushrooms so just right for us). We chose a dessert special that was a wonderful combination of grapefruit sorbet and ice cream - top notch. Our beverage choice was house made Sangria. Don't scoff - we're normally not fans of Sangria either, but this was  good and a perfect complement to the food, not to mention most affordable. If don't try the Sangria we think you'll be missing out.Portions were perfect - we could not have eaten any more but we would not have wanted any less. VALUE: A nice surprise about Jaleo for us was how affordable it was, by Las Vegas standards at least.  Our total meal for two before tip was just under $80. SERVICE:  Here the disappointment sets in - big time.  When we finally (you see where this is headed) placed our order, and asked to have the dishes delivered in a specific order, which we were assured would be no problem, our server said something about like this.  "You've ordered unusually well for first time guests at Jaleo.  That's probably because you needed to wait on us for such a long time to take your order that you were able to really study our menu."TA-DUMShe may have thought that was funny; we weren't so sure. Because it is true that after being seated and offered water by the server's assistant (more on that in a minute) we waited better than 15 minutes before we saw a server at our table, in spite of two walking by us several times.  We finally had to flag an assistant down to ask to have someone wait on us.  And it's not as if we were tucked in a corner...being seated on the banquette under The Bull and all.Then the food items were served out of order.  Which suggests inattention to coordination with the kitchen. Everyone can have a bad night.  Maybe the poor service quality here is not the norm, but it was particularly surprising given it was not quite 7p and the restaurant wasn't even half full.One word of caution about an item that can run up your tab. When you're seated the server's assistant will ask if you would like water. Yes? Then you'll be asked if you'd prefer sparkling or flat. If you think flat means no charge, you'll be unpleasantly surprised when the bill arrives. If you want water without charge you'll need to specify, you will not be asked, "tap" water. We weren't the only table to feel "had" by that procedure. Fortunately we caught it in advance - the folks next to  us had the unhappy experience of learning the charge applied for water when they got their bill.  Were I making the management decisions here, for purposes of customer good will I'd make sure the fee for flat water was explained at the time the orders were taken.   It's a little thing - but it is a thing.AMBIANCE:  The main dining room is where the open kitchen and bar are, and where the action is.  Unfortunately, if you want to sit at a table in this section you'll need to navigate high bar height seating.  (Although if you want to sit AT the bar, they do provide a couple of spaces of standard height seating.)  If you want a table with standard dining height seating, the secondary dining room it is.  More sedate and actually sort of absent decor, we would have elected the main dining area but for the high seating at tables.  I'm not sure that it is with high stool dining tables - they don't work great for smaller children, shorter adults, some older adults and in general women in heels and skirts trying to maintain decorum for a business discussion.  Standard height tables work for everyone.  Just sayin'.
4	Went here again last night. We had the Pork and Foie Gras Cannelloni with bechamel sauce and black truffle again. Still as good as ever and very yummy. Also, had the empanada cod brandade with honey, interesting, probably not my favorite but the cheese had a definite cod flavor which was unexpected or if it wasn't cheese it was very cheese like in texture. Also tried the eggplant and roasted red peppers, this had a very intense roasted flavor, and was good although I would preferred this as a bruschetta. And of course had to get the Iberico ham croquettas, I could eat these all day, although my cholesterol would not be happy if I did. I will say that my experience this time was not as good as last time, not due to the food but as it was very loud in the dining room in part due to a loud group of tourists one table over and the loud music wafting in from the hall area. I had to yell to communicate with the people I was with. Also, the waitress missed one order I placed, but they quickly brought it over once I drew their attention to it. I still think, that the food is far better than Julian Serrano, next door to the Cosmo, for the same price.
3	After eating at Julian Serrano in ARIA, I was somewhat disappointed by my dinner at Jaleo.  Food was consistently "good", but nothing we tried was "great".  The paella being made in plain sight is fun to watch, but it is annoying that smaller groups cannot order.  The fries served in shoes is creative, but doesn't really feel that appetizing to me.Drinks were awesome though - I had Clara, which is beer mixed with homemade rosemary lemonade.  Would have preferred for a drink to not be the highlight of the meal.Service was fine, although one of the bussers was literally sprinting through the restaurant to pick up plates multiple times, which was incredibly awkward and not relaxing to watch.  I would go to Serrano 10 times out of 10 over Jaleo.
4	Being a Tapas aficionado, we were very interested in trying the "New Style" tapas offered at this new Tapas restaurant. Jose Andres didn't disappoint. There were so many outstanding dishes to tantalize our taste buds. Memorable were the Ferran Adria olives, worth another visit just for this plate. Pollo ajillo had an intense flavor that burst in your mouth but looked nothing like the traditional version. The service was exemplary, food arrived on the table when requested, the only reason that we had to give four stars is that it is a very noisy location.
5	A blast of yumminess in a sea of bland! Jaleo IS what it is cracked up to be! Been there twice in one month and have loved it more each time. The wait staff is informative and friendly, the food is amazing! We have sampled almost everything on the menu - from that yummy friend egg/caviar dish to the chicken croquettes served in a shoe - and we have not been disappointed! Try everything - the servings are perfect, the portions just right - and of course being tapas - you never leave feeling like you are stuffed to the gills - not like other restaurants where you have too much food served to you and you are stuck with what you got! my husband and I so enjoy the setting and the service - cannot wait to go back again! The only thing i would suggest is to turn the music down just a tad. Sitting across from each other, we have to almost scream to be heard. The prices are reasonable (filling dinner for two, 2 glasses of wine each and tip came to $130) and dinner for 4 of us was $280. Try it!!!! You will LOVE it and never understand why Tapas is NOT more popular everywhere!!!
5	I don't think this restaurant deserves anything but 5 stars, considering the food, atmosphere, decor, and service.  I came here with my family with a reservation, so I don't know how long the wait is for a walk-in.  I would recommend having a reservation just in case though.  I loved almost all the food we ordered, and I believe we had a LOT of what was on the menu.  I could tell the dishes were very innovative.  Some combinations that I wouldn't ever think would go together complimented each other very well.  For example, dates and bacon.  That pretty much blew my mind.  The tiny little chicken wings were cute, something I've never seen.  They also served an appetizer in their "Spanish" shoes.  Not exactly what the Chinese culture is accustomed to...but I thought it was interesting!  I even had the deep fried shrimp dipped in aioli sauce, and I never normally eat shrimp. The decor was very modern, which matches the entire atmosphere of the Cosmopolitan.  Even the walls have these dotted patterns on it on a white canvas.  The pillows had colorful different patterns that somehow matched together very well.My only disappointment:  the main dish, seafood and lamb paella.  I realize that the rice is supposed to be slightly under cooked, but it also lacked in taste.  Overall it was not on par with all the little appetizers we had, and nobody in my family enjoyed it.  What I did love is the fact that when we expressed our opinion about the dish, our server took off one of the orders (since we ordered two dishes).  Considering even my 80 year old, very traditional grandma still liked all the things we ordered, this restaurant is definitely great.  I'm not going to lie, I have no idea what we ordered, but I don't think you can go wrong with all the little dishes.If anything, it's my favorite way to eat, because you get to taste a little bit of everything!
2	Salty Salty Salty. I've been to Barcelona, Madrid and Valencia, and one thing you cannot go wrong in Spain is Tapas. I've been to the Jamon joints and couldnt believe how good the food was...So hearing this place had tapas and had a renowned chef...me and my gf decided to go to this place and test it out. It was free meal on a Cosmopolitan invite, so we said why not.First to start the wine was great, and spanish wine always gets me in the food mood. Second we placed our order for several tapas.While in Spain we loved the Patatas Bravas...and boy we were excited... Wuah Wuah Wuah... not only was it a liberal version of Patatas Bravas - it was salty...and it was pretty much like Potatoe Chips covered in Bravas sauce. MAN How the F can you get this wrong...its a standard in any Spanish Tapas joint...Well to say the least it went downhill from there. I felt like each tapas I ate I was eating a salt cube. Yeah it was that bad, so bad that when we left Vegas I felt like I was on a salt binge. Whats worse is that the Jamon that we had was supposed to be good...man the cheaper ones in Spain blew this piece of ham out of the water. Yes we bought some from Corte Ingles in Barcelona and brought them home and they were better than this $17 plate.Well to say it...we won't be going back....sorry it just failed miserably.
5	Came in on a Wednesday night right at five, which was less busy than the Friday, and ordered lobster paella right off the bat.  My friend and I also ordered jamon and Jose's tuna salad bocadillos to come in between - absolutely scrumptious.  Best sandwiches I've had in town yet.  They come tightly rolled between two baguette-like pieces of bread and pack a powerful combination of flavor and satisfaction. The paella rice was properly cooked this time around and soaked up the nice lobster flavor well. It also came with garlic mayonnaise which complemented the lobster and rice very nicely.Service was polite, fast, and friendly like last time. My new favorite restaurant in town!
4	Yes, so this place is quite good. But, It's definitely not a "must-go-back-or-ill-die" type of place.Pan con Tomate- 5 star (Hate bruscetta but this is a good situation)A selection of all their Spanish cured meats:  I had 5 different hams and chorizo. I only like two a lot. Personally didn't like Iberico Hamon in Spain so this is personal preference.Endives w/ goat cheese - 4.7 starPatatas Bravas (potato chips w/ spicy tomato sauce) -  3 starCroquetas de Jamon (ham croquettes) - 5 star Gambas al Ajillo (Garlic shrimp) -  2 star (black poo strings weren't removed. was rubbery. Flavor was bland. It said "very very famous" so i ordered. More like very very typical and plain. Pulpo a la Gallega (Boiled octopus w/ pee wee patatas) -  2 star Lightly battered eggplant w/ molasses -  5 star (tastes like sweet potato)Canelones stuffed w/ pork and chicken w/ bechamel sauce -  2 star. Was too heavy for me.
5	I've been in semi-Yelp retirement since about halfway through this pregnancy, but Jaleo was so awesome, I figured they deserve a review.It's inside the Cosmopolitan, so obviously, the atmosphere is pretty cool. The decor is very hip and it's a little loud inside. Our reservations were honored with no problems, service was prompt and efficient, and the plates were brought out in "ascending" order, as they should be. The wine list is shown to you on an ipad, which is kinda cool, or kinda trying too hard, whichever you think.I thought the best part was that everybody in our party of four left happy. There were veggie lovers, seafood lovers, and meat lovers, and everybody raved about the food.As far as I can remember, this is what we had (with english names):pan con tomate with cheese (good, but nothing exciting)chorizo (excellent)endives with goat cheese (loved)gazpacho (best ever - could have eaten way more)chorizo wrapped in potatoes and fried (awesome - like a fancy snack food, favorite of the table)chicken croquettes (very good - don't know why they came in a shoe and neither did the waiters)egg with caviar and onions (very good, but I wish there were less onions - they totally overpowered the caviar)veal cheeks with potatoes (awesome)skirt steak (very good)bottle of wine (don't remember what it was, but it was something none of us had ever had, recommended by the waiter)Even with all that, our bill was less than $200!I have been to Bazaar in LA and, while I found the concepts there very interesting, I much prefered Jaleo, and the prices are way cheaper.
1	Don't go to this place expecting to feed your tummy. The portions are horribly small and EXPENSIVE for what you can get at other places.Fancy place but it sucks!!!Save your money and go to the Wynn instead!
4	Had a bachelorette dinner here with 22 girls. Our table was ready within 10-15 minutes of arrival with a nice view of the cooking station. We had a set menu that had the bachelorettes name along the top. The food and presentation was excellent; however, the only presentation I did not particularly like was the croquettes that came out in paper in a tennis shoe. Even though I know the shoe was clean, it still grossed me out a bit. Tennis shoes shouldn't be on a table. Period.  It did take a little while between some of the tapas to come out. I was starving. Everything had great flavor!  The sparking mojito...mmmm!For me, everything tasted wonderful!
3	Beautiful presentation, creative dishes, fun to experience, too expensive for the amount of food received. I shared a chocolate dessert that was insanely small and didn't even allow for sharing. Love the Cosmopolitan, love Jose Andres, love the concept. I even love tapas. But the portions need to increase to match the price.
4	Can't believe I forgot to review this.  I was there when they opened first day last xmas.  We were fortunate to be there for their soft opening.  I loved the atmosphere, decor, and of course the food.  Definitely my favorite spanish tapas place in town.
4	I ate here with a friend of mine, we thought we would try something different. First thing is the place is loud and very open when you first walk by but once you get in there to be seated  you are crammed in there. You can basically reach over the someone else's table and grab their food literally...LOL it was a  weekend night. The service was impeccable, the food being tapas is obviously small portions but very delicious. I would go there again for the price and the taste but I would make sure I go on a weekday night.
4	We came, we saw, we ate...and ate...and ate.  We arrived as a large party of 50 and the service we received matched that of a group of maybe 4 or 5.  The waitstaff was attentive and on top of things the entire evening.  As for the food, it was top notch.  We had a variety of tapas and dishes that had the entire group raving.  My favorites included the salt potatoes, garlic shrimp, snap pea salad and vegetarian paella which was served in a pan the size of a small car.  It was spicy, flavorful and worth a try.  From what I was told, the house Sangria was also a high point.  Overall, a fantastic spot in a fabulous hotel!
4	As mentioned by others the "Jose's Gin and Tonic" truly is a thing of beauty. It is Hendricks Gin, finished in a large Bordeaux style wine glass (or so it seemed) and poured skillfully over a spherical ice cube.. said to "keep the cocktail at an even temperature throughout the life of the drink" .. and so it did. Garnished with Juniper leaves and berries, it was really the most beautiful Gin and Tonic I have had.. (ive had many, many...)and at $17 a pop, you would want nothing less. This was not my first time at Jaleo, but it was definitely the most thorough meal I have experienced in the establishment. Usually a bite or two of a small plate or three, and I'm golden with cocktails and good company. This time it was all that and more with the addition of some fantastic roasted lamb and house paella.. which this night was rabbit, chicken and vegetable. Finished with the most excellent custard dessert served aside a citrus spuma and orange 'ice-cream'.. it was a perfect pairing with glass of 15 yr aged Spanish sherry. Couldn't have asked for more in the flavor department. You must be prepared to drop a hefty dime or two for all the small plates and large plates that create an experience such as I have described, but I do believe it is worth it. (Our bill was just shy of two Benjamin's) We were left with smiles on our faces and a great experience at a fantastically flavorful favorite on the Las Vegas Strip. Go Go Go!
5	amazing restaurant. get the secret' Iberian pork cooked over olive wood. maybe the best pork dish i ever had. some dishes were a miss for our group, but found a lot of winners. they put a spin on most of the traditional tapas from spain. keep that in mind if you get something different then you expect.
2	If you are in the market for overpriced appetizers, don't feel like talking to your date (the restaurant is so loud, conversation is virtually impossible), and don't care much for superior service..this is the place to be! Modern decor, sleek lines, and simplicity make up this restaurant's design. It's an open eating area where passers by get a full view of all restaurant patrons and their parties. If you could have just thrown in a screaming child at the table beside us, that would have completed the excessive noise level quota for the evening...Loud music, restaurant staff hustle and bustle, people talking over each other, it was impossible to hold a conversation even with the person sitting right next to you. Two people, fixed menu came to approximately $150. Doesn't sound bad for a "Cosmopolitan" dining establishment, right? Well, let me run down the "list" of items I consumed for my $75 worth of food: An (as in, one) olive A (as in, one) bite of beet *cringe* salad (2) potato and onion fried thingies (served in a shoe; weird) (3) bites of desert (3) glasses (small) of sangria As filling as my $75 meal was *insert extreme sarcasm here*, my friends and I ended up in a drive thru line later that evening..
4	My new fav restaurant in Vegas.  Eclectic and yummy.  The best sangria too.  A must go!
3	Everyone was telling me how good the food is but can be pricy.Well I ordered the paella and few other dishes, and really was bit disappointed.  The presentation and service is amazing but as far as the taste of food and the quality of meat they use is not impressive for me at all.   Plus the place is super loud.  I guess its good but definitely if you wish to have a nice conversation with friends.
1	S A L T Y Not sure what all the hype is about, the food is less then average, very salty . The service is less then average. The waiter could not tell me if the Cod fish is Gray Cod or Black Cod "its just a Cod"... you would expect a knowledgeable staff in a restaurant that claims to be gourmet. Maybe the chef is a smoker I am not sure but we felt like every single dish was just loaded with Salt. TheThe decor is beautiful and it is the only thing that should get 5 starts for this restaurant. Very disappointing since we made reservation to this restaurant prior to our arrival to LV.
4	What a surprise when I spoke with my parents they said Jaleo let them dine their with their 2 maltese pups!  Granted, they were seated at one of the outer tables, but how fantastic!  We'll be back with ours!
5	sooo good, that i ate there twice in one week!i've eaten at so many tapas restaurants, this one is at the top of my listpan tomate!!! not many tapas restaurants serve this in the SF bay area...Jaleo's reminds me of the tapas restaurants in sevilla and barcelona!i'll update this review with food details laternow need to get a reservation at "E" and plan another mini-holiday in sin city!I thinks it's funny that they play the song from jose andres show at the restaurant
4	I like this place. The food isn't mind blowing, but if you're looking to keep things light before hitting the town, Jaleo has a place.I'd almost give it a relative 5 stars if not for the fact that the plates seem 'inefficiently' priced. Why does the quail pretty much cost the same as the mussels which costs the same as the eggs+caviar which costs the same as the croquetas?Also, I don't get the random use of sneaks as a serving piece for the croquetas (see other Yelpers' pics). It's not even a nice shoe, thing looked like it had been actually worn. Also, our first order came in a normal (mini) frying basket while the second came in the shoe.What? Did the kitchen staff not have enough time to put on and break in a few more pairs of kicks, so they felt the need to conserve?
2	EXTREMELY SMALL PLATES, now I know this is tapas but this was smaller than your average tapas in my opinion! We ate without a reservation and sat on the outside of the restaurant by the "foosball table".  That was cool, we chose not to sit at the foosball table but right next to it because we had our 7 month old son who was in the stroller. Sitting where we sat it was not intimate and there was a feeling like you were a tad excluded from the restaurant itself. I was not impessed at all with the tapas, but my husband liked it very much; so maybe it is a tastebuds thing. I am not saying this restaurant is horrible, but in my opinion it was just ok. We did not order drinks so I am not sure if there is a full bar or not so I marked not sure... Our waitress was very nice but for the  taste, I feel you can do better in Vegas.
3	If you are looking for a "Bazaar experience," you will probably be disappointed.  Jaleo has a more casual atmopshere.  The food is satisfying but never reaches the next level of impressing your taste buds.chorizo appetizer - tasty bite size sausagefried egg with caviar - was expecting a lot more chicken fritters - serving it in a shoe is not creative, just oddshrimp sauteed in garlic - not bad, a little too oilyfried dates wrapped in bacon - again, not badgrilled hangar steak - probably the best thing we had, quite goodthe salad and paella were also good.
5	This is the place to go when in Vegas...the food is unexplainable..its that good...hell that great. The service was beyond awesome, and again the food was even better, i ate at least 10 different item and had room for the Flan...DON'T LEAVE WITH OUT EATING THE FLAN...you wont regret it.
3	I am a huge fan of Jose Andres.  I love his personality and his quirkiness toward food and culture.  With that said, when I came to Vegas, I instantly wanted to come here and try this out.We grabbed a couple of small dishes, which included jamon, rossejat (pasta and shrimp on paella), and ... well, I can't remember the rest.  Because you see, my mind was drowining with the sangria, and I seemed to forget the rest of the night.On the other hand, I can vaguely remember that although the food was delicious, I still had an enjoyable experience at another Spanish restaurant in the East Coast with their jamon and red wine.  This is still the closest I can get to a decent jamon without travelling all the way to the other side, so this'll do.Also, I expected a somewhat quiet sit-down.  Yeah, right.
5	Was recommended by a friend and I'd give it 5 stars great service and awesome nearly sublime tapas!  We had the fresh gazpacho soup, smooth and packed with flavor, carne asada We ordered 3 more need I say anything else about that?  Fried shimp with lemon Aioli and a black salt that was amazing. The ham and chicken croquettes were very tasty but a bit  creamy for me.  We also had a sliced ham platter and it was great too!  Our server was Bryan who was friendly and attentive, they had food runners so no one waited for anything`.  I will definitely go back again!  Only downside ..is that parking at the Cosmopolitan Hotel is a bit tricky, because of confusing signage and traffic control.   We were late so we valeted however even  going out we found it chaotic .  I felt like I was in a big city like Manhattan with horns blowing etc LOL  its almost as if they expected fewer drivers and more pedestrians or just vacationers!  All that said it was still very well worth it!
3	Had a good dinner here and its worth trying but I probably wouldn't go back because.....hell, its Vegas and there are so many restaurants that I'd like to try.  There are really only a couple that are my "standards" that I always go to when I'm in town.  I spent a little time in Spain and fell in love with Tapas, but to me, Tapas is also an atmosphere and this is Vegas and its trendy and not as enjoyable as being in a small bar in Spain eating some great Tapas that were just made.  I'm used to the menu being written on a small chalkboard or on the wall and not a fancy menubook or a wine list on an iPad.Nevertheless, there are some great dishes here worth trying.1.  Olives/liquid olives - the kalamata liquid olive concoction was fun and tasty and we laughed when the little olive balls popped open.  As long as you like olives, you should get these.2.  Veal cheeks - if you are weary about eating these, stop reading this, turn off your computer, and go get a plain ol' burger you loser...these were really awesome.  One of the girls in our party got really upset when the waitress took the plate and there was still a little bit of potato and sauce left in the bowl.  Bummer.  We shared this with a group of four and it was perfect because given the richness, any more than a couple of bites would have been overkill and there was more food to try.  But I would order this every time I come to Jaleo.3.  Ham fritters - delicious.  Why would you want to get chicken here?4.  Bacon wrapped dates - I get these whenever I see them on a menu and they were great here.5.  Skirt steak - reminded me of when I was in Spain because a piece of skirt steak, with some roasted red peppers, and frites was a staple meal.  Would have been happy if I didn't have to share this one.6.  Paella - it was the lobster one.  They make one large batch(of varying ingredients) every 45 minutes or so, so you can get the one just made hopefully, or wait a short while and get some after some other tapas.  We started out with this and it was just okay.  I would just rather order Paella at a restaurant that specialized in that, so you get the pan and a chance at the socarrat, because it was a little cold and just tasted okay.  If you don't know what socarrat is, google it...its important.7.  Chorizo - tasted good but not wowed.8.  Bread with tomato and Manchego - okay, but would rather have just had some Manchego by itself.  We did have a nice bottle of Albarino that ran about 100 bucks.  While Patatas Bravas is an absolute for me when I go out for Tapas, they don't make them the traditional way here and I appreciate our server letting us know that.  So we passed on those this time.I would recommend swinging by for a little wine and a few tapas before dinner somewhere else(see above list/Top 5).  The restaurant smells fantastic which is almost worth a short visit in of itself.  Don't bother with the paella.  Save room for other stuff.
4	I have never been a big fan of Jaleo in DC and Bethesda, Maryland but perhaps I need to revisit those places.  Jose Andres has hit a grand slam with this place.  I only had a chocolate flan dessert and some cafe con leche with rum, but what a dish!  This place reminds me of the energy in Las Vegas before the fall of the stock market.  It is filled by beautiful people and high energy in the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  The open pit restaurant with the paella is something I am dying to try.  This place is a winner!!!
3	I was very excited to come here since it is a Jose Andres restaurant. I love his approach towards cooking and his attitude in general. The restaurant is set up a little strange since the front area is open right into the hotel hallway. It made it feel a little bit like a mall food court. I did like that the kitchen was open and you could watch them make the paella in those huge iron bowls over an open fire. We ordered up some cocktails while we choose which plates to order, the menu is large, so this took some time. After, the cocktails we ordered a pitcher of sangria because what goes better with tapas? Some of the plates we ordered were the gazpacho, toasted bread with manchego, roasted red peppers, scallops, hanger steak, and a chicken dish. The dish that stood out to me was the gazpacho. The drinks and the food left me a little underwhelmed. None of the plates were really exciting or inventive to me. They all tasted good, but nothing was outstanding. Maybe I was expecting too much?
3	The first time I was at the Cosmo, Jaleo looked like the place to be...it felt the same so my coworker & I settled for this restaurant for a Sunday evening dinner.  We were able to get seated immediately, which wasn't the case at other restaurants nearby.  My "geeky" coworker was impressed w/ the bar menu available via iPad!We had a couple of staff approach our table both offering different recommendations which is probably a good thing...Overall, service was kinda weird.  We felt like our waitress gave us weird looks after leaving our table.  And we didn't have any weird or off the wall requests.  I ordered the Sangria - it was served with fruit already in the glass, it was ok.  My coworker didn't mention a peep of the Shirley Temple.  We shared a bunch of dishes from the extensive menu.  Pan Con Serrano - probably the best dish of the eveningSetas al AjilloTomato SaladSopa Ajo BlancoDatilesLobseter PaellaRape DonostiarraNothing really stood out and we ordered a lot of food!  We perused the dessert menu but nothing stood out and we were way too full.
5	After dining at e' in May, I was looking foward to eating in the main restaurant that houses e'- Jaleo. Me and my new wife shared I believe nine courses and seven were slam-bang. Chorizo wrapped with crispy potato chips, salmon tartare in cones, bread with tomato and anchovie, dungeoness crab- stuffed piquillo peppers, garlic soup with egg, jamon iberico (the really good stuff from the acorn-fed black-footed pigs- forget the exact Spanish name) are just some of the wonderful food we had there. It was an exciting progression of courses akin to a tasting menu that we shared- for a fraction of the price of a michelin- starred restaurant. With drinks, I'm actually shocked that all this great food and the tip ended up being less than $200.
4	I went to Jaleo in the Cosmopolitan with a bachelorette party full of girls with fairly different tastes and palates.  But our tastes were able to converge and Jaleo was a universal hit on food and flavor.The dishes I remember ordering included pan con tomate, tortilla de patatas, vieras con romesco (scallops), bacalao fritters, eggplant and honey, croquetas, and lobster paella.  I know we got more but I think it's probably telling that I don't recall the other dishes.  While I have always wanted to go to a Jose Andres place and I love tapas, I feel like tapas are so commonplace that I really wasn't sure how this place could surprise.  But I was wrong.  Some of the flavor combinations truly were unique, surprisingly, and foodgasm delicious.  The standouts were the bacalao fritters and lobster paella.  The sweetness of the honey mixed with the cod was delicate, comforting and unusual in the most delightful way.  And the lobster paella made me want to lick the plate clean.  It had perfectly balanced seasonings, juicy perfectly cooked lobster meat, and was just spectacular.  Everyone was vying for more paella.  Ultimately we were all extremely pleased with the quality of the food and how affordable our bill came out to be.  The only notes that marred the experience were the overly sweet sangria (not worth getting) and our waitress who had a little bit of an attitude and could have been far more attentive.  But the food is more than worth a visit.  Now I'm dying to try the Jaleo in DC and see if it compares!
5	If your into small plates, eclectic menu, and exciting atmosphere then this is the place.  Chef Andres never disappoints.  I have been to multiple restaurants and all please the senses.   Jaleo is traditional spanish tapas with Chef variation to some classics.   I always have a charcuterie plate of iberico and idiazabol cheese then compliment with their bread topped with tomatoes.   My go to dish is always the potatoes cooked in salt water to a crisp, then dipped in two sauces.
4	How do you choose a restaurant on the Las Vegas strip when there are so many stellar ones?  This one came as a recommendation from a trusted foodie friend.  He was spot on.  My husband and I had a delicious and fun late night dinner here.  The energy was great, not too loud to talk, but vibrating and exciting.  The service could have been a little more friendly, but that's my only complaint.  The wine list comes to you on an iPad, and unfortunately, I'm not a Spanish wine expert, so I picked a Rioja, one I am familiar with.  It was nice and decently priced.  We moved on the the olives - the liquid olives - you HAVE to try them.  They look and taste like Kalamata olives, but they are completely liquified.  GENIUS!  The pan con tomato, the gazpacho, so fresh and delicious.  My husband had some cheese (not a fan of cheese) - he loved it.  We went on the chorizo wrapped in a potato chip deep fried - YUM.  Then to the boneless chicken wings and carne asada.  Amazing flavors and textures.  For dessert we had the olive oil ice cream - I'm a sucker for anything olive oil - with grapefruit grenata.  I read the other reviews, and some of them are spot on - yes, this is tapas, small dishes that let you taste everything.  My husband and I each ordered 4 plates, plus shared dessert.  We didn't leave hungry, and we weren't disgustingly stuffed.  The price was actually quite reasonable, even by Vegas standards.
5	I've had tapas in San Sebastion and Madrid but none as good as these. This place is as good as it gets in every respect
3	Jaleo was our second stop during our Vegas restaurant binge, and unfortunately, it was pretty mediocre. We came here on a Saturday night, and the tables were about 60% full, but it took the waitress over 30 minutes to get our order in. The tapas then came intermittently, and was overall a mixed bag. From what I can remember:The Good:Pan con tamateMost of its cured meatsApple and fennel saladBacon wrapped datesThe Bad:The lobster paella--the serving was rather small and the rice tasted like it was doused in saltGarlic sauteed shrimp--was overcooked, not sure if it's the standard or an anomalyOverall, Jaleo has a pretty fun ambiance, but if you come hungry, it'll take a lot to get full. And for the price, you can definitely find better offerings in Vegas.
2	If you are hungry or really hungry, plan on spending $$.  Food is tasty and served in small portions, so you will be ordering more tapas than you would normally order at a Tapa restaurant.Toasted Brushetta (Pan Con Tomate)Lobster paella (Paella Bogavante)Carne asada Chorizo wraped in crispy potato (Chistorra Patata)Apple and fennel salad with manchego cheese and walnuts (Manzana Manchego)Seared scallops (Gambas Gabardina)Batter fried shrimp (Vieiras Romesco)If you happen to order the right paella that they had just made then you will receive your paella order right away, otherwise you may have to wait up to 45 minutes.  We got lucky and the lobster paella was just made.  Soft drinks are $5 per 8 ounce bottle and not refillable.  Recommend ordering a glass of wine or just drink water.  Atmosphere and decor is nice but loud during the dinner hour.
3	I am torn between 2-3 stars.  In actuality, the food at Jaleo reminds me of being in Spain.  Their sangria is very, very well made.  I was actually surprised that it has the acidic tang with a spicy finish.  Most sangria in the States is usually watered down red wine with heaps of sugar and citrus fruit for a more exotic presentation.  We had the carne asada which was nothing to write home about.  It was a hangar steak sliced and served with a pepper confit.  It was about 4 ounces for $14...not worth it at all.  What was interesting is watching the chef make the paella with a wood burning open kitchen.  This created a very aromatic scent to the restaurant.  I ordered the paella iberico, which included pork ribs.  The paella was deliciously prepared and I was impressed by the saffron flavors every bite had.  I was VERY disappointed to have only two pieces of pork ribs that were about 1 inch in length and had mostly skin.  This plate costed $32 and honestly, it was really worth about $6 because it was only rice.  If the plates were more substantial, I could have given Jaleo 4 stars.  Lack of meat in paella dish is a sin and rarely ever forgiven.  I give it 3 stars (mostly for effort) for the execution of authentic Spanish cuisine in the middle of Vegas.
4	Read lots of reviews and gathered recommendations and ended up at Jaleo for late dinner.  The hostess was very nice and offered me a seat at the bar with no wait time.  The bartender was very friendly and helped to explain the menu.  Figuring the Paella would take a long time (states 45 minutes on the menu), I quickly got the order in.  I was figuring on munching on some of the starters and working my way up to the finale.  Nope, the  paella came in like 5 minutes.  Timing was a little off don't you think?  I was also thinking.......great this thing has been sitting and was just re-heated........unfortunately it kind of was.  The rice was a little under cooked for my liking and barely warmed through.  The lobster was the same as far as temperature, however it was cooked perfectly and tasted very sweet.  The sauteed shrimp was nicely cooked and very light.  I also tried the chorizo wrapped with potato, and (if I remember correctly) patatas bravas.... both of which were good, but slightly oily.  Overall I had a nice time and enjoyed the food.
3	Rating criteria:Quality of ServiceQuality of FoodQuality of ExperienceSERVICEPretty great service.  I can't complain here.  I was greeted by a wonderful hostess, and our waiter was delightful.FOODI'm not a huge fan of tapas establishments because I never feel full after the experience + the food comes out too slow in many cases as was my experience with Jaleo.  I did enjoy the Brussel sprout inspired salad, and spinach salad, the meat items (carne asada & fried shrimp) ordered were OK, but not seasoned to my liking.ExperienceThis venue is inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  So it gets an A on location, the experience was charming nonetheless and if you like tapas you will enjoy.
3	We had a nice time here. We were going to be climbing at red rocks the next day so didn't partake of the alcohol, and our server was cool about it...the tapas we had wasn't the best choices as a grouping but we enjoyed them. The omelette, called tortilla patatas, was one we liked due to the carmelized onions. They did a good job preparing it. We also had the mushrooms, setas al ajillo, which were tasty. We also had butifarra, which was a sausage stew. Decent enough but nothing spectacular. Love the ambience and the open kitchen, an overall a great place to people watch and relax. We'd come again and try the drinks next time.
2	very expensive...after 6 dishes (between 2 people) we were still hungry and went to cabo wabo for fish tacos. Fish tacos at cabo wabo: $12, dinner at Jaleo: $145. You do the math.
3	Fun and Adventurous!(and Expensive... but then all strip restaurants are)This is more like a 3.5 star place.The service is fantastic but the noise level is a bit too "energetic"... (aka Loud) so it makes having a conversation a bit hard.If you can .... and have a group... reserve the private room... it's much more intimate and quieter in there.We enjoyed a number of Interesting plates.The white asparagus was quite lovely.... and light.  It was a good veggie starter.The caviar and egg dish was very good.... rich.... but the caviar is not as rich as one would expect for this dish.The cold garlic soup was different.... good... but different... the grapes off set the garlic part which is a good contrast.The spinach was Very Good.... it had bacon and raisins in it... I know... raisins?  Yup... raisins.... loved it.   But then bacon makes everything taste better.... so the raisins were a nice counter balace to the salty.The veal cheek was also good but not off the charts good like I was hoping.  I wanted melt in your mouth, eye popping good and it wasn't.The "pigs in a blanket" .... sausage wrapped in a potato chip were good .... but not spectacular.  It was like a little weenie rolled in a potato chip.  The empanada was more like a won ton filled with fishy cream.  Not what I expected at all.... we ate it because it wasn't horrible... but it wasn't all that good either.Our favorite was the piquillo stuffed with crabmeat.... good flavor and texture. The crab was a contrast yet a complement to the piquillo.For dessert, we had the Chocolate Flan... it was quite good.  Creamy not overly sweet nor overly rich.  It was a smooth, milky chocolate.  :)
4	Spanish tapa restaurant by celebrity chef Jose Andres. Very colorful fun looking decor, seats are crowded, we got seated at a long booth with other dining people. It was comfy, but not private and intimate, this entire restaurant is a little too crowded and loud. Total bill for 2 with 2 alcohol drinks no desert: $140Decor: 4Location: 3.5Food: 4Service: 4Ambience: 3Our food:Cone of salmon tartare and salmon roe: super delicious! Fresh and salty.A fried organic egg topped with caviar: super delicious , it came with breads, server cut the egg to make it bread spreading, very flavored.Garlic soup with black garlic: not so good, it was not even hot, consider server poured it right out of the container ... A salad of red beets, citrus, cheese and pistachios with sherry dressing: yummySteamed mussels with bay leaf and lemon: so delicious! The mussels are meaty!Raw salmon with anchovy- lemon oil: yummyBroiled octopus with potatoes: good, but a bit plain. Grilled hanger steak: deliciousSeared fresh squid stew with onion confit: good Jose's Gin & Tonic was soooo yummy! Strong but yummy! It came with a huge ice cube in there, kept the drink strong and fresh! $20, that special ice cube cost $2-2.5,  but it was worth it! Another specialty $14 cocktail was so bad, flavorless.:( Our waiter was friendly and attentive. We didn't order any paella, so he asked if we wanted to add a dish or two, which we did, so that we could have a satisfied full tummy.Very fun dining experience, I love small plates, I get to try so many different things, it was playful, pretty much everything was flavored without saltiness, portions were decent. Minus the crowded seats and noise level, everything else was great. Will go back for sure. :) This restaurant is more of a casual place, no need to dress up, just enjoy those fun dishes!
5	I'm not sure what's up with the poor reviews but my friends and I had an awesome Tapas' dinner here on 11/12/11. The restaurant was packed and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves as we were. It was loud, in fact there was a party of four next to us drinking sangria and getting pretty tipsy but we enjoyed it. It was fun and festive and there was plenty of people watching right there.   Our waiter was fantastic and he recommended lots of wonderful dishes. We had...Bacon Wrapped DatesFlat Bread with Serrano HamEndive with Goat Cheese, Almonds and OrangePrawns with Red Chiles Lobster PaellaFlan*** DO NOT MISS THE FLAN Olive Oil Ice CreamMy husband's favorite was the flat bread with the Serrano ham, my friends was the endive with goat cheese almonds and orange and mine was the flan and the olive oil ice cream. We are all familiar with Spanish food and therefore knew that the portions are on the smaller side and meant to be shared. We all came away extremely happy and looking forward to going again when we are next in Vegas.If you are looking for a heavy meal that makes you want to sleep for a year, don't go here. This is the perfect place to start out a night on the town.
4	Fun atmosphere, good food. A little overpriced, as is everything on the Strip. Drinks are really great, try their take on the Gin and Tonic, or their good selections of reasonably priced Spanish wines.
3	Walking into this restaurant is quite nice, the decor is nice and they are cooking paella over wood fire in the back which is nice to look at and leaves a great aroma throughout the whole place.  Unfortunately I do not remember all of the exact items we had when I dined here, but I know that almost everything we got was delicious.  I had two food problems when we were there.  First was the roasted pepper and eggplant tasted more bitter than roasted.  Second, In my opinion the grapefruit in the lobster salad was too strong and killed the flavor of the lobster meat.The restaurant has been described as vibrant and fun but when we went there it was packed and a bit too loud to hold a conversation at our table without shouting.I have dined at Jose Andres other restaurant The Bazaar in Beverly hills and for similar price I enjoyed the food a little better and the environment and total experience much more.
4	Service is great! I don't really care for the atmosphere because I prefer quieter, more relaxed places, but to get the party started at Marquee, this is perfect. It is very expensive, but I would expect that on the strip, and especially at Cosmo. The food you get, while small quantities, is delicious and the presentation is beautiful. I sat in the middle area one time and watched them pick out garnishes very precisely with tweezers. The dessert seems very interesting- I've only had the hazelnut something /salted caramel dish and it was divine. But I'm curious about the other desserts!We've had the same server 3 times, and she's fantastic, I wish I'd caught her name. The drinks have all been perfect. I love the mojito, and there's another drink I just tried but I forget the name- it had cucumber water, and a berry type floater. It was delicious!
4	i would highly recommend Jaleo if you enjoy the tapas as my friends and I do. First, the staff here is outstanding. They are knowledgable, fun, patient (we had a large group), and overall extremely professional. Next, the food is great with a menu ranging from what you would expect prepared extremely well to some unique offerings. Finally, the atmosphere is lively - fun and popping.
4	One last review to write from the Vegas trip, I saved the best for last.The server and food were fantastic, the noise not so much.  We went early and once the place got full it was really, really noisy.  The tables are close together, so if you are looking for an intimate dining experience, this is not the place, it definitely has a party atmosphere.My favorite part were the small portions, that way I got to sample alot of items which is one of my favorite ways to dine!  Also, because the portions were small,  each of us could pick something that wasn't necessarily a favorite of the other.My favorite items of the night, the brussels sprouts salad which had serrano ham, apricots, apples and a sherry dressing.  Second favorite - Deep fried, bacon wrapped dates!   So decadent and so tasty.  Luckily, the recipe for that salad, and the small wrinkled potatoes dish we got, I found online, because I was seriously sad when both bowls were gone, and Vegas isn't exactly close enough to run over for dinner..
4	Very good! everything was tasty and fresh. Great location inside The Cosmopolitan. Service was perfect. Had the crab soup, gaspacho, king crab with caviar, crepe with pate and shrimp al ajillo. Overall, great dining experience!The dessert was outstanding: olive oil ice cream with fruit. Holy moly!
5	A crowded, happening, popular place.  Yes, it can be noisy, and yes, your server may disappear for longer than you might like on occasion, but I had a very good time here.  My companion may differ - being not a fan of Spanish food in general, and feeling a little off that night - but I enjoyed everything I had here quite a lot.This is not Jose Andres the molecular guy - this is fairly straight forward tapas done extremely well.  They and serious here - for instance they have what they claim is the only indoor wood-burning Paella setup in the US right in the center of the restaurant.The paellas are made in rotation - only one flavor offered at a time, though if you sit around long enough, they'll rotate through to another one.  We ended up with a lobster paella - served with pieces of lobster on top - quite good, though I have never seen paella here with the crusty bottom.A little wine, gazpacho, tomato bread ( really a pizza ), an assortment of jamon, salted potatoes - simple things for the most part, but each done really well and presented creatively.  There's a reason for the crowds.
4	Sitting down for a drink before celebrating a fun evening we were entertained my the bar tender. He was friendly, funny and actually appeared as though he wasn't just trying to make a tip.We discussed different types of whiskey, tequila and a few others. Jovial and funny dude.When our friends joined us the jokes and laughs kept coming.I would have loved to dine here but the drinks were YUM and the entertainment even more.
5	The most original tapas we've ever had! The liquid olives were amazing, they literally melt in your mouth- there is absolutely no need for chewing! The GM was very helpful and charming! My husband and I adored this place! We will be back!
5	We loved Jaleo.  The food was awesome, the service was perfect, and we could sit and people watch all throughout dinner.  We ordered...Rosemary Lemonade - very sour and the rosemary hits you a bit later into the drink, but I loved it.Pan Con Tomate (with Manchego) - so good. Its perfect with manchego and I just love it. Unlike some bread/tomato/cheese starters, this was easy to eat and didn't make an embarrassing mess. So so so good.Apple/Fennel Salad - I love anything with apple and fennel. Throw in some manchego and I'm very happy. This was probably my favorite bite of the meal. Cod Empenadas - we were warned they were different. And they are. Its kind of like fried won ton wrappers with liquid cod and cheese inside - and drizzled with honey. (Good thing I don't write menu descriptions as that sounds disgusting - but its very good!)Carne Asada - yum, very tender and it came with some tasty red peppers. Bacon Wrapped Dates - I've never had a date before and didn't know they were so sweet!  These are little dates, wrapped in bacon and breaded.  Our server recommended this dish be served last as it is somewhat dessert-like. Good call.The service was great and his recommendations for dishes were perfect - both the specific dishes themselves and the number of dishes (2-3 per person).  The drink menu was on an iPad that was left at the table to give you time to scroll and search through to find all sorts of wines, cocktails, and nonalcoholic beverages. It was fun, but kind of a silly concept as you were to select on the iPad which drinks you wanted - then you are supposed to hold up the iPad and show the server your "order page"  so they can then write down your order. Then the server walks over to the computer terminal and types in your order.  Bit cooler if my iPad and order actually DID something and was automatically sent to the bar - I felt silly holding up my iPad - it would have been easier to just say, "uh, a lemonade please?"  But fun nevertheless. Jaleo was the perfect restaurant for a late dinner after an afternoon of driving. I so recommend this place.
2	I feel bad on giving this a bad review but the quality is NOT worth the price! It is extremely over priced and I found some of the dishes to be very very bland. I have been to Spain many MANY times, and the food compared to the food in Spain is very different. I have not tried their paella which is supposed to be the special so I might go back just to give it another try. However you get the same quality food by goinng to firefly at 1/3 of the price.
4	Great food and service.  Imaginative dishes and drinks.  Awesome design.  Service was fast and professional. Carna asada and scallops are fantastic.  Would go there again. Was about 100 for two.  Well worth it.
5	Amazing bachelorette party dinner. The amazing waiter customized our menu to fit our $100/person budget. And boy we were thoroughly liquored and stuffed at the end! He suggested this fun way to drink our champagne called "porron" (sp). Lets just say we got WET and drunk!!They started with lighter tapas and finished off with heavier dishes like carne asada, paella, and veal cheeks. Couples dishes that were unforgettable: Huevos frito con caviar (winner)Gambas al ajilloManzanas con hinojo y queso ManchegVeal cheekscarne asada
4	What a great restaurant experience.Pan con tomate y queso Manchego; olives two ways; jamon Iberico de bellota Fermin; ajo blanco; traditional Spanish tortilla; chistorras fritas;  piqullos rellano with crab; veal cheeks; traditional flan with Clementine sorbet.Sangria and cava to wash everything down.Fantastic, unobtrusive service that came with great recommendations on drinks and food.Would eat here every day if I had the opportunity.
5	the pace is so fast that we finish all 20 courses in 1 hour.  perfect for a hungry crowd after "Blue Man Group"great Spanish wine +++perfect lamb ribs ++++attentive service +++++  We thank Mike communicate with kitchen and sommelier timely for a wonderful experience
5	Went there last year with a large group for a business dinner.  It was top 5 meals of my life. I love that place.  My husband and I were on vacation in Vegas and I insisted that we go there.  It did NOT disappoint.  My husband grew up in Spain and said that it was like being "home."Highlights: - Chorizo wrapped in crispy potatoes - Pan con tomate with manchego cheese - Iberian Jamon bocadillo - Jaleo style patatas bravas - FlanAlthough anything I've eaten there is delicious...so you can't really go wrong.Service was great, they even made me a faux-jito ... it was so good!
5	Great tapas!!! Creative food! I try to have a different dish every time I go and I've been happy with every dish!
2	I was so excited to try this restaurant that our close friends that our real foodies had been telling us about for quite some time. We had a birthday to celebrate so it was the perfect reason to get dressed up and head to the Cosmo. The four of us were seated and I noticed immediately how loud it was, almost to where we couldn't have a conversation. There were lots of kids there as well so it isn't a place for a romantic date by any means. The wine list came on an IPAD which was cool until I saw that they only had Spanish wines by the glass. I had never heard of any of the them and had a hard time choosing. The waiter was friendly enough to suggest one based on what I like. When it came I did not like it at all. He brought me another to try and when I told him I thought it was corked he said it just had "barnyard" notes to it. Who the heck wants to drink a wine that smells like a barn? We ordered a meat sampler plates, some olives, ham croquettes, shrimp with lemon aioli and oilive salt. Everything was good, not amazing and the portions were so small even for tapas that we either each got one bite or had to cut something in half. We didn't even feel like we'd eaten anything after the first seven plates that I proceeded to quickly order 7 more. The mussels stood out but the paella was so bland and crunchy (underdone) that we had to send it back. We decided to leave before dessert and headed next door to Blue RIbbon Sushi because we know they have the best ginger bread pudding in the world. I don;t think this place lives up to Firefly which is just ok and no where near as delicious as Julian Serrano in Aria.
4	Having lived in Barcelona, I was pleasantly surprised to find pan con tomate like I used to have in Catalunya.  Everything was authentic and well made and I was happy that tapas stayed tapas as it should.  It's a bit on the pricey and hipster side to be honest but the food was solid.
2	Since I am Spanish, I wanted to try this restaurant and was highly disappointed, I recommend "FIRE FLY"  so much better; this place is a RIP OFF; I have taste better TAPAS for the price. I CAN MAKE A BETTER PAELLA FOR SURE!!!!Save your money all you are paying for is the real state..
5	very good dishes we took all.ham w/ tomato sause bread is absolutely good as same as his main restaurant "Bazaar " in Beverly Hills. i was surprised thing was coquet on shoe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!food is goood as "Bazaar" but price is soo nice.only $200 per two. ( if there, double price)i'm sure i will be back there when i go to las vegas
2	This was ok.  I really didn't see anything special about the food other than nice presentations.  There were four of us and we ordered many different things and I don't remember thinking one of them was anything spectacular.
2	I've tried to go to Jaleo for dinner twice before, but neither happened.  I wish I hadn't pushed for a third try, because this meal sucked.  I would've given it one star, but one thing we had was really good, so it gets an extra star.  My favorite foodie friend and I were both in Vegas on a Friday night, so decided to go to Jaleo.  He has been to the one in DC before and liked it, and I like Jose Andres food, so we were both excited.  We were sat promptly, and the waitress came over a few minutes later.  She gave a whole canned speech about the menu (which is something I hate)...and gave us the iPad wine list.  There are some relatively good priced wines and of course lots of spanish options, so it started out good.  She finally came and took our order, and we got a few things from each part of the menu, including the Paella Valenciana.  She told us they would group our items from the kitchen light to heavy and stage them to come out 1-2 at a time.  Great.However, that wasn't the case.  We got three things within like 2 seconds of each other.  The first things were 1. Pan con tomate (Toasted slices of rustic bread brushed with fresh tomato). this was adequate.  not quite the traditional way, but tasty enough; 2. Some tiny green olives stuffed with anchovies and "liquid black olives". this dish was $14 for like 5 small green olives.  total rip off and i know anchovies are salty, as are olives, but this dish was too salty to eat...and yes, i've had them both together before and it doesn't need to be that overly salty; 3. tortilla de patata (Spanish omelet with potatoes and onions).  i'm about to get married, and this is one of the dishes on my menu, which means i've tried about 20 tortillas from caterers over the last few months, and this version was the worst i've ever had.  previously, i was shocked by how bad some of the caterers versions were of this dish, but this dish was twice as bad as the worst.  first of all, she asked us if we wanted it well done when we ordered it.  this is not a question that should be asked.  it's supposed to be a simple dish:  onions and potatoes sauteed til tender, add egg, let form til set completely.  that is it.  we got it and it was wet, and runny, so not even well done like she asked if we wanted it.  it was also super thin, with only like one layer of potato.  it was so gross we didn't finish it.  So then we flagged her down and said we wanted to slow it down a bit, since everything so far had been rushed to our table. This was a mistake, because from then on it was supperr long wait for everything.  She told us then that our paella was ready, and we said oh no thanks - we want to wait until the end for that dish, since it's most like a "main course".  This is after she told us the kitchen would structure it light to heavy for us, so delivering paella with the first few things made no sense.The next dish was Ensalada rusa (a salad of potatoes, imported conserved tuna and mayonnaise).  This was "okay", but not great.  It was much better than it looked - It was covered with foam.  It looked like my cat threw up on it.  I'm not a foam fan.  But the potatoes were cooked well, and the tuna was tasty.The next dish was the Seared scallops with romesco sauce.  The dish arrived and was pretty enough to look at.. However,  both our scallops had grit.  This, is not good.  Neither of us finished our scallop (the dish had two) and we called the waitress over to tell her they were gritty.  She apologized, but didn't seem to really know what that meant. Then we got the last dish before our paella...the veal cheeks with whipped olive oil potatoes.  This is the only reason the restaurant got 2 stars.   This dish was really good.  Looked good.  Tasted great.  Very tender veal cheeks.  The potatoes were fluffy bites of heaven.  Very very good.  This is what I expected every dish to be like, but sadly, it was the only good dish.So now we are excited to try the paella.  i guess i was still holding out hope it would save the meal?  but the waitress comes over and tells us that they're out of the paella.  What?  We ordered it an hour ago.  They had it.  You tried to serve it to us at the start of the meal, we said we'd wait...and now you're out of it??  She offered us a different paella, at double the cost of the one we ordered.  We said, no thanks.  And were super unhappy about it.  We were both still hungry, but didn't want to try anymore crappy food, so asked for the bill.We got the bill, and the damn scallops were still on it.  We called the manager over to complain (we've both been in the biz for years, and if someone complains about a legitimate quality issue, that should NEVER be on the check).  So we explained that they were gritty and shouldn't be on the check.  He apologized and claimed it was an oversight and took it off the bill.  Overall, a disappointing meal and I'll never go back.  It was so overpriced and only one thing was good.  Sad, sad, sad.
4	Out of all the restaurants in Las Vegas, I think that Jose Andres has picked a very nice spot to set up shop.  From the beginning the atmosphere at the Cosmopolitan Hotel is flashy yet not overly commercial.  The restaurant has a great external appeal, with an open eating area, mostly white decor and big chunky tables for seating in the overflow area.The wait staff seemed young and a little under experienced.  We got shifted wait staff within the first 10 minutes of being in the restaurant and the young lady we were left with was bubbly, yet didn't know quite what she was serving as in experience.  She also had a painfully short attention span and would walk from the table without warning.The wine list was heavy on $100+ bottles with a scattering of under $100 bottles.  We opted for a $48 bottle since we didn't need anything expensive and the bottle was still excellent.  If you go, don't bother with the American wines, as those are priced way above the $100 mark per bottle and for a casual tapas meal, IMHO you don't need to spend the money when most of the wines on the list are probably good selections.We started with a board of all the cured meats, which included both the iberrico hams, the chorizo, serrano and pork loan.  We paired that with some manchango cheese which all together was great with the bottle of wine we were enjoying. And the quality of meat was a good amount for two people to share.Next we had the salmon roe cones, which looked like a borrowed dish from Thomas Keller's French Laundry with a play on the ice cream cone.  The cones had salmon roe on top and filled with crab, which was tasty, but the roe didn't really stand out much.We then had the egg topped with caviar, which was spectacular, but it wasn't the egg or the caviar which made it, but the caramelized onions under the egg made it a home run.  All together it rocked, but if it didn't have caviar on it, I don't think you'd notice a difference.Then came our seafood tapas, we had the shrimp and scallop dishes, which were both excellent and cooked perfectly.  Out of the two, the shrimp was the clear winner, and if I did it again, I'd get two of those rather than the scallops.  Our last tapas was the veal cheeks, which were served over mashed potatoes, which was like a braised short rib without the unnecessary fat.  Very tasty, but I'd like a little finishing salt on it to bring it home and cut the richness a bit.After it was all said and done with we signed the not so expensive bill with a couple expressos which was absolutely a great finish as the expresso was very smooth and went well with the whole meal.
4	Right off the escalator on the third floor of the flashy Cosmopolitan sits Jose Andre's Jaleo. We came here for an early dinner (victims of decided to eat here on a Saturday on the preceding Thursday - or perhaps the beneficiaries of this decision - more on this later).The drink list comes out on an iPad, which is a bit precious. You can save your time and just order Jose's Gin and Tonic for your first drink - trust me, you won't be let down! Gin and Fever Tree tonic, presented in a wine glass containing exactly one spherical ice cube and garnished with juniper berries, a slice of lemon, and lemon verbena goes down smooth - what's not to like there? Nothing. As a party of six, we headed the waiters advice and ordered 2-3 items per person - a few at a time, starting with the pan con tomate and progressing  from there to meats and cheeses, on to vegetables and seafood, and finally to some meat dishes. We ended up ordering additional orders of a few items , such as the gambas al aljilio and the brussel sprout salad. These are items not to miss.  Other standout items include the olives (including 'liquid' olives, a simple delight of molecular gastronomy) and the secreto Iberico, which we ordered at the very land, when we were still just a little hungry - and ended up devouring. All of this food went perfectly with a well-priced Rioja.Dessert was a bit of a hit and a bit of a miss. The flan tradicional was one of the best specimens of that dish that I've ever had. In fact, self proclaimed haters of flan were devouring it along with the rest of us. The cafe solo (espresso) is the best I've had outside of Italy. The big down was the apple tart - which wasn't really very apple-y or tarty. We could have done with out this.This was a slow, pleasant meal. And the best part was that our early resevation allowed us to easily meet up with our other friends for a long night of drinking and dancing, without being too full, too late!
5	I don't like tapas. I especially don't like tapas when I'm with coworkers or clients - it's awkward. You order shrimp but there's not enough for everyone. You order steak and someone's a vegetarian. You order soup and then feel guilty for eating the entire bowl yourself. I'm selfish. I want my food to myself.But Jaleo changed all of that. Six of us ordered nearly everything off the menu and six of us wholeheartedly agreed not one thing was under par - instead, every.single.morsel satiated every.single.taste bud. A restaurant has never been so consistently delicious - so on top of their flavors and game that despite our full bellies, when two extra dishes arrived from the chef, we greedily scooped them up. (Chicken and rabbit paella and the chef's new spin on an old standby - garlic shrimp.) We tried the selection of cheeses and my comrades the three Spanish-cured meats. We shared spoons in the garlic and grape soup (a favorite amongst the table), we slurped oysters, severed mussels, crunched apple/fennel/walnut salad, forked fried eggplant and... more? Yes, much more. The cod and honey empanada that melted once breaking its delicate shell, the homemade potato chips drizzled with spicy tomato sauce, the out-of-this-world garlic shrimp mentioned above and skirt steak (that I can't comment on because I didn't have any). We devoured every last bit - not a crumb escaped our table. And when it came time for dessert? We split our waitress' two favorites with coffees and espressos.This is the best restaurant I've ever had the pleasure of eating at in Vegas and one that I will return to again and again - with clients, coworkers, friends or my partner.
4	How many ways can a restaurant use Jamon Iberico. More than I could eat for sure, throw in some serrano, skirt steak (which I am trying desperately to duplicate at home) a veal cheek so tender that a slight touch with your fork splits it and you have a memorable meal. Service was outstanding, wine list all Spanish and the best damn gin and tonic I have ever had, and I cannot stand drinking gin and tonics. Favorite dish (outside of the jamon di Iberico) was the Brussel Sprouts with apple, fennel, serrano served warm. I suggest going with people you know as its all shared. If you want Paella order early as it sells out and can be 45 minutes before the next version is available. There are 5 or 6 types and they are made in rotation or for groups of 6 or more. My complaint - I am tired of Croquetas. They may be traditional buut no matter where I have them, I really hate them and unfortunately Jaleo is no exception. Maybe they are not my food type as everyone else seems to love them. Maybe it's because we Americans see then as "safe" when compared to other items on the menu. Live a little y'all
5	Jaleo. Is. Awesome. The hostess - super helpful in showing us the gluten free menu for Ryan and taking our reservation for later that evening.  Recognized us when we came back that night and promptly led us to our table. The atmosphere - a bit noisy but it fits for Vegas.  The restaurant is in a cluster of all the restaurants at the Cosmopolitan and it's open to the lobby/gathering area.  It's a bit quirky and modern.  There's a foose ball table to sit at if you'd like although the stools looked uncomfortable for the meal.  Just a neat looking place.The service - spot on.  In a tapas restaurant sometimes things get lost in the mix since new dishes are coming out constantly, but not here.  Our waiter showed up right after we got settled and handed me the drink menu (in the form of an iPad which you can then order your drink on. Neat!)  Their staff is constantly refilling half empty water glasses, clearing the latest empty tapas plate and doing it all without getting in your way.The food - The menu has a lot on it which is typical for tapas.  Since it was just the two of us we didn't try paella although I'd love to go back and get it.  We had just gotten back from Spain a few weeks prior so we wanted to see how their Jamon Iberico was and it did not disappoint, granted we got the most expensive one - Jamon Iberico de bellota Fermin which for 22 dollars is something you can fit in the palm of your hand.  But it's good!  Other favorite dishes:  the warm brussel sprout salad with apricots, apples and serrano ham which I found a similar recipe for online and it's almost as good.  Can't figure out what I'm missing.  Ensalata rusa which is proclaimed to be the ultimate spanish tapa and includes potato, mayo and tuna in a way I could never recreate.  We had other dishes and all were good but those were the stars.  For dessert, something everyone should try in their life.  Olive oil ice cream with grapefruit three ways.  This ice cream was the creamiest, most delicious ice cream and when you paired it with the tart grapefruit...unreal.  Try it.  Seriously.Overall just a fantastic experience.  It was definitely expensive but we were in the Cosmopolitan on the Vegas strip...it's to be expected.  Go and enjoy!
5	I was in Vegas for a conference earlier this week. My colleague and I stumbled across Jaelo as we were walking through The Cosmopolitan. Quite frankly we chose it because of the funky, interesting atmosphere.But wow...the FOOD. Every single thing we tried was amazing...the garlic shrimp, skirt steak, veal cheeks...all of it. And the servie was great.I would recommend and definitely go back again.
4	Tapas are small bites and let's be assured, these are small bites for sure.  However they are very tasty small bites.  We got a bunch of things, iberico ham bocadillo, salmon cone, salmon tartare, iberico ham croquette, octopus, garlic soup, long burger, and much more.  Everything was so good but so small you're thinking is this going to be enough but then on the 10th dish or so we got full.  Sangria was great.  Restaurant was beautiful, service was good, just a great, fun place to eat at.  It is pricey so be ready to spend some money but when you're on vacation, you got to do a meal like this.  Even though there are so many selections in Vegas, I'll definitely be coming back here again.
5	My wife and I were completely blown away by Jose Andres' newish restaurant in Vegas Jaleo. We made reservations with ease a few days in advance. As we walked in we were immediately excited to see the fun colorful atmosphere Jaleo had. they have a bar and 2 open kitchens you can sit near or you can go for a traditional table. We went with a 2 top that was close to the open fireplace where they roast a whole pig every Sunday. The service here is excellent, you'll have a primary waiter but about 3 different people bringing you food that can take your order or answer any questions you have. The entire staff was great with giving reccomendations, either that or every dish here is great. I suggest ordering your items one or two at a time because they all came out in about 5 or so minutes. Here is a summary of what we had:Sangria - Really good sangria, not too sweet, tastes just strong enoughPan Con Tomate with Jamon Serrano - 3 great pieces of bread topped with a tomato salsa and some of the finest Serrano ham aroundCroquetas de Pollo... Served in a shoe! - They said it was one of their signature dishes. It is a tater tot like thing with great shredded chicken in a sauce on the inside. All this and it is served in a shoeGazpacho de Remolacha Con Queso de Cabra y Naranjas - Hands down the coolest looking dish. In the gazpacho (chilled vegetable soup) was oranges, raspberries, and goat cheese. The mix was surprising refreshingGambas al Ajillo - Garlic shrimp, they said it was another one of their signature dishesFricando de Carilleras de Ternera y Pure de Patatas al Aceite de Oliva (veal cheeks) - If I didn't know that they were the cheeks I would've just thought it was the tenderest veal ever. It came with some amazing olive oil mashed potato'sCanelones Tradicionales de Cerdo y Higado de Pato con Salsa Bechamel - shredded pork and foie gras inside a pasta canoli shell topped with a bechamel sauce (similar to alfredo sauce)Flan al Estilo Tradicional de Mama Marisa con Espuma de Crema Catalana - Best flan ever. It came with some really good sorbet, some whipped vanilla ice cream which was amazing different, and everything was topped with some kind of crunchy praline like stuff
4	My last visit to Vegas we stopped by Jaleo for a late dinner.  We were sat immediately and given an iPad to order our drinks....very cool.We ordered a bottle of Wine and several plates of Tapas:Pan con tomate - Toasted slices of Bread with Tomato $5Chorizo Palacios - Spicy Pork Sausage $8Arroz de pato 'Jean-Louis Palladin' - Rice with Duck Confit, Duck Breast and Foie Gras Cream $11Patatas bravas - Potatoes w/spicy Tomato Sauce & Alioli $7The Tapas were very good and full of flavor.Overall, it was a great dining experience.Return Factor - 90%
4	After spending several weeks in Spain last summer, I've had some really good tapas experiences, so I wanted to try a good version here in good ol' 'murrica. Having been to the Bazaar a few times in LA, was familiar with several of Jose Andres' dishes, and this was a bit more spanish/traditional.  Was it better than Spain?  No.  Was it really really awesome? Yes. The Secreto Jamon Iberrico was one of the best things I've eaten in a while. Cooked medium-rareish and served with an aioli and a mint/chimmichiri type sauce and served with Pan Con Tomate, it was just mindblowingly tender and like a fine steak. Expensive @ $40 but worth it. Also good were the Fideos (they call them something else here but I forgot what it was). Fried pasta in the style of paella. Mixing in a little aioli really made it that much better. I didn't get to try the paella and was very interested in doing a plate but they were only doing the vegetarian to start off (they cook serveral in the middle). Next time, for sure. Also great was the tomato bread with anchovies. There was a canned tuna dish that was solid and reminded me of the food in spain. The only miss of the night were the kumamoto oysters with a gin and tonic mignonette. I thought it was way overpowering and basically killed any of the sea flavor of oysters you would normally want. Service and ambiance was spot on. Would definitely return.
4	bit of a wait (~40 min) even though it was 9 pm on a Tues; a bit pricy, but it's vegaswe did a late lighter dinner for 5 with about 2 tapas plates per personreally loved the gin and tonic - if you like G&Ts, order one: super smooth, delightful presentation and super nerdy-cool ice (yes, ice). marinated mussels (they come in a little tin!) and steamed mussels (yum! order with bread to sop up the juice for both of these dishes next time), meat platter (really liked the house cured meat the best), Brussels sprout salad (delish!!), sauteed shrimp (good), skirt steak with grilled bell pepper (tasty!!), asparagus (good but 10 very young - read tiny - asparagus for $12+...? really good sauce to also pair with bread) quail (tiny yummy bird), tomato bread (oh yummy!)great service, nice relaxing atmosphere. lovely evening!
5	It sure is hard to find a restaurant that is both and tasty enough to please 20 different people! Jaleo went above and beyond to make sure we were allllll happy with our experience there. For a large group we had to go through a reservation line, and it was so nice to correspond back and forth on email! Jaleo is EXTREMELY accommodating for large groups. They let you fully customize the menu, and they even printed our event name at the top! We had a vegetarian in our group, and the day of the dinner, they really took care of her and gave her unique dishes to accommodate her diet. I really loved our experience at Jaleo. It was very well worth the money we spent. If we come again as a large party, I would definitely want to eat there again.Below is our menu and my opinions on each dish. The full array of dishes cost us $$105pp, and that includes tax and tip.**Seleccion de jamones Fermin pro Jose -- the ham selection was very good! the fatty one they brought out was extremely buttery and tasty.  It came with a side of tomato bread (pan con tomate). **Aceitunas rellenas y acietunas 'Ferran Adria' - not my favorite dish.  the liquid olives were weird and CRAZY SALTY!**La Serena con membrillo - strong cheese in a little cone w/ quince paste.  if you are not a fan of blue cheese or goat cheese, you probably wouldn't like this one. The aroma of the cheese is very pungent, but I thought the quince paste balanced it out._____________**Salmon crudo con vinagreta de anchoas - The salmon was very fresh, and the dish was served like a tartare.  The slices of salmon were very thin, with the lemon anchovy oil drizzled all around.  Kudos from all around the table for this dish.**Gambas al ajillo - There is a reason why this shrimp is 'VERY FAMOUS'.  The sauce is incredible, and the shrimp is perfectly cooked.  My friend wanted a straw to slurp up the leftover sauce haha**Huevo frito con caviar - egg with egg.  DELICIOUS! MY FAVORITE OF THE NIGHT.  It was so flavorful. The egg was poached perfectly with some runniness on the inside, and the caviar on top gave it just the right amount of saltiness.  yumm!!!!!**Escalivada catalana - roasted red peppers and eggplant.  good palate cleanser.  the smokiness of fire roasting the veggies was perfect._____________Manzana con hinojo y queso Manchego - LOVE Manchego cheese.  This salad was extremely refreshing, and the fennel bulb was not too licorice-y.  We ate this slowly so that we could pick at it the rest of the dinner.Butifarra casera esparracada - pork sausage stew - it was good, but not very memorable.Fricando de carilleras de ternera y pure de patatas al aceite de oliva - the veal cheeks were so tender. This dish would have been perfect, and I probably would rave about it more if it had come earlier in the meal.  We were getting full by this point!_____________**Setas al ajillo con la serena - sauteed wild mushrooms - had to get some more vegetables in there somehow :) not bad**Carne asada con piquillos 'Julian de Lodosa' - It is very easy to overcook this cut of steak,but our steak came out a perfect medium.  Tender, juicy, yummy :)**Arroz a banda con bogvante - lobster paella.  again, if this came out earlier I would be raving about it.  sooooo stuffed!___________DESSERT!**Flan - YUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMY -my favorite**Chocolate hazelnut mousse cake - very rich, and very good, but i could only have 1 bite.**Olive oil ice cream wtih grapefruit - surprisingly good! I wanted more :)
1	Worst experience I could have imagined. Reserved the private room for my best friends bachelorette party dinner a month in advanced and when we arrived we were told they just gave it away. We were instead sat almost in the hotel area with a food court vibe. I was humiliated being the made of honor and the one that organized the dinner. They completely ruined my friends special night and hardly acknowledged what they had done and didn't even do anything to try to show they cared even slightly.  I have never been so upset. This place is a joke and the food is not good either.
2	Very slow service.  Very lack luster food.  We had periods of 15-20 minutes in between dishes being delivered.  Vegetable paella was cool when it came out and not flavorful.    The poatos bravas are potato chips here.  Disappointed since everyone loves the real potatoes Bravas. The highlight of the meal were the gin and tonics and the endive with goat cheese tapas.
5	After finally getting to Vdara, which I have a review for that on their page, I had to change my restaurant reservations from Sinatra to Jaleo because it was the only late night place i could get and it was very very close to me. Got to Cosmopolitan, which I love because of the atmosphere it produces. Went up the escalator to the restaurant level and walked over to Jaleo. Was seated very fast, but the restaurant wasn't very full being 9:45 on a Sunday night. Started with picking my drink from the iPad menu. Very cool by the way. Had the Sangria. I'm not a big wine guy, but I could get used to drinking this Sangria. For the food, I chose the Batter-fried shrimp with lemon mayonnaise and black olive salt. Very Very good. Next was the Imberico Ham which is probably the best pork product I have ever had. I can try to explain it but it's kind of hard at the moment because of the Sangria that night. Just go try it if you visit Jaleo. You won't be disappointed. Next were the mussels marinated in Sherry vinegar. The leftover marinade was great for the break they brought out at the end. They talked me into ordering the toasted break with the tomato spread on it. Very Very tasty I must say. This was my first Jose Andres restaurant i have been to, and it makes me want to try all of his creations. Might have to go back to Jaleo in July when I am back in Vegas.
5	I don't understand why this does not have higher reviews. We dined at Botero, Milos, STK, The henry, & the mexican/chinese place inside the Cosmo and none compared to Jaleo.We made a reservation the same day and got there a little late. We were told to wait at the bar and we only waited a short amount of time. We were seated and the management charged my fiance's phone as it was dying which was a nice gesture. The waiter was not extremely friendly and didn't really aid in us making the decision of what to order but hey, it's a tapas place.I didn't particularly like the sangria but my fiance LOVED it. I had champagne instead. We had the shrimp/squid paella, "famous" garlic shrimp, my fiance had some sort of chicken tapas, cold spanish soup, and the bread with mariana sauce lightly coated on top.They were all delicious especially the paella. It was unique and quite tasty. On the way out the manager stopped and complimented me on my outfit and struck up a conversation with us. It was really nice and the other waiters were super friendly while we were walking to and from our table.The ambiance was amazing!!! It was soooo lively especially late at night. We were looking for something super lively and I'm so glad we came here! The bill was also extremely reasonable. We only ordered like 5 tapas for both of us and it was enough. Out of all the restaurants that we dined at on our stay in Vegas this was definitely the best. Don't read the other reviews, just go and check it out!
5	Great experience!  Had delicious tapas with awesome wine.  The tapas were served in funky trays.  My favorite was the sneaker, as in shoe!   Great atmosphere.  Someone in our party made last minute reservations for 13 of us and when we got there, we were seated almost immediately!  Great service and flavorful tapas.
4	I'm so very torn on how to review Jaleo. Yelp! When will you give us half stars???!!!I think 3.5 or 3.75 is more accurate for me.  I've been here three times now and have had vastly different experiences in terms of service and of food. I wouldn't go so far as to say the place is inconsistent (although that wouldn't be a surprise as it is in The Cosmopolitan-the Kings of Inconsistency), but the food flavors and preparation are vastly different from dish to dish. The price is sometimes off-putting for what you get; it is Vegas though...If you go for dinner and want to order wine, the server will leave his ipad-wine list with you; it's cool. I still like someone who can discuss wines with me a bit more than our server could.To keep it light and casual, Jim G. and I grabbed some snacks in the bar a couple times. That's how tapas is really done in Spain, anyway. Two different bartenders on the two nights we went. Both were cool, although one was slammed (and apparently short-staffed) so he was not the kindest; service was fine though. During our dinner visit we tried the Monkfish: I strongly suggest you stay away from this dish!!! One of the best dishes I've had ever was monkfish in Paris, so I figured I'd give this dish a try. Oh My! It was fishy, it was sour-ish, it was not good. I mentioned that to the server; he was uninterested.  We also tried some paella; it looked so great cooking at the Paella station that we had to. I didn't think it was that awesome. It was done well, but the flavors were uninteresting to me.Things that are good/ok:Gambas al Ajillo: Hard to do this one wrong; nice garlic/butter sauceHuevos Fritos con Caviar: If the egg were a bit less cooked and there was a dash of additional flavor or texture, this might have been perfect.Canelones de cerdo: Pork and Foie Gras canelones with bechamel sauce. This was good, but again, I expected bolder flavors. it could have been amazing, but fell short of that.Ultimately, my review of Jaleo isn't stellar. What I do like is the energy in this place. I like the decor. I like what the Chef is trying to do. I think a lot of people will enjoy the less-than-traditional ingredients and the attempts at bold flavors. It's a blessing and a curse that I've eating amazing meals in fascinating places; I expect a lot. I would still prefer to be smashed up against a bar with slightly warm wine or Mahou beer enjoying the bold flavors if tapas in Madrid than in any of the US restaurants where I've tried tapas. They try, as Jaleo does, but the food still leans a bit too American for me. You see why I'm torn? Temper your expectations, and I think you might like it a lot here =)
4	three words: FOOSBALL DINNER TABLE. Ask for it next time you go there. Made the amazing food and drinks even more fun!
4	Maybe my review is skewed a bit because I had read some many lukewarm reviews here on Yelp, (i.e. hadn't super high expectaions) but we REALLY liked this place.   The food was delicious and we found the service to be fantastic.   Granted we dined on the early side since we were seeing a show and the place wasn't full yet but any time a waiter gives me a totally honest opinion on his/her own product - even if it sucks - rates as fantastic service to me.   Our waiter totally steered us away from some things on the menu and on to things that were fantastic.   He even told me one dessert was "to be honest, really not that good" -- love that kind of service!!Would definitely eat here again......
4	Yes... I would plan a trip to Vegas JUST to try Jose Andres!Not sure how I can review Jaleo... The service is excellent as always with all the Jose Andres staff but in terms of food, I was bit disappointed. Las Vegas... in the best Cosmopolitan Hotel, I expected slightly more... The highlight on the menu really was the most plain items on the menu: Pan con tomate, Toasted slices of rustic bread brushed Pasamontes Manche & Croquetas de pollo Traditional chicken fritters. Yes... It came out in a shoe and kept me entertained. The soup Gazpacho de remolacha con queso de cabra y naranjas, Chilled red beet soup with goat cheese and oranges definitely acquire unique taste... It was interesting. The ambiance is interesting but I still would put Baazar at SLS hotel in beverly hills way above Jaleo. ( Sorry guys!)I'm definitely interested in going back to try e by Jose Andres though.
2	There are so many places to eat in Las Vegas that you will never run out of options, however, many of them are just outposts of New York restaurants and why go away and eat at the same places you can at home? I like to try places that I don't have the opportunity to at home. Jose Andres' Jaleo is not in New York and was recently listed in the top 100 restaurants in the country. Having been to many places on the list, Jaleo was the first reservation we made for this trip. Jaleo is served tapas style and has many modern takes on old classics some were exceptional (the chicken wing special with sherry reduction and a blue cheese)  others fell a little flat to me (patatas bravas) and others way over salted (lobster paella). The best part of Jaleo was the table seated next to us. Terance and Alfonso, two brothers from California. We shared some food with them so we were all able to try some bites of food we otherwise wouldn't have ordered.  Boys, don't forget to get in touch when you come to NYC!Wings with blue cheese on the rim (the best thing we ate here)All in all, Jaleo was just very ok, and in my opinion, not top 100 restaurants in the country good. I don't think Jaleo will be on the list next time I'm in Vegas. That being said, there is another Jose Andres that I will give a try, China Pablano. To see pictures or read more, go to http://gramercygirl.blogspot.com/2012/03/jaleo-las-vegas.html
2	The food here was fantastic....the only problem was there wasn't enough of it!  I went with 6 people and we loved every bit of the food, but the bill was more than $400, and we left there to go to the pizza place next door.  I give it two stars because the food was good, but the best part of the whole meal was the gin and tonics.  By far, this is the best drink I have ever had in my life.....You MUST get this drink if you go to this restaurant.  Just keep in mind that there is a great pizza place in the alley next to the restaurant.
4	what i liked: over easy fried egg with caviar, toasted bread with roasted tomato and anchovy, and the braised veal cheeks... i also had the iberico paella. solid.. the dishes were pretty simple, but you can taste every ingredient all at heightened levels.. i wish i would have paced myself while waiting for the paella...we were kinda rushing to catch a show. our server went above and beyond to accommodate..
5	Small plates.  Yummy flavor.  Bacon wrapped dates, fried......dessert with bacon.  Carne Asada, addictive.  They had a brioche with jamon, manchego cheese and a truffle butter.  Think of it as what a grilled cheese sandwich will be when it gets sophisticated.And a flan for dessert that was just the perfect flan....the whipped cream and sorbet complemented it with a subtle glow of flavor.I'd go there again in a heartbeat.  Absolutely on the must go to list in Vegas.  Forego the hookers, you'll talk more about this meal afterwards, even with the guys. It's that good.
5	Fantastic! Amazing food, great service. I loved that the servers could describe to me how a dish was cooked and everything that was in it. The Iberico ham was ridiculously good but then it always is. The chicken fritters, and veal cheeks were out of this world...This place left an everlasting impression on my taste buds. Since I'm from LA I am now planning my visit to Bazaar
4	Don't get me wrong, Jaleo has excellent tapas food, but the portions are for feeding a 2 year old. 4 small pieces of sliced carne asade, juicy tender and flavorful. 16 bucks? wow, yes you are in vegas but the portion did not meet the price. The chicken fritters were also amazing, reminds me of chicken pot pie all nestled in a breading. so good we ordered another one. also, the boneless chicken wings were great, not too greasy not to salty. Service here is great and right on task, but 225 for 4 people is a bit much. We were still hungry we went to the secret pizza place down the hall....read that review too.
2	So yelp let me down on this one. I was expecting to get a trendy atmosphere, great food and good drinks. We did not get that. We arrived about 5 minutes before our reservation. We waited for about 15 minutes and then were seated. We were seated in the booths that were open to the hotel. They were WAY too close together. We may as well been dining to the people next to us because we could hear everything they said. We ended up talking to the couple next to us and they were very nice but still, not what I was looking for. There were also a table of people sitting at at table right outside the restaurant. They had their children playing on the foozball table and they were screaming and making noise and basically ruining our dinner. Not that it was quiet to begin with. The music was way too loud. So a HUGE thumbs down for the atmosphere. I guess I am just too old for trendy. We ordered the tomato bread, the cod empanadas, the manchengo queso, and the boneless chicken wings. Our waitress said that there was a chicken special that was so much better than the chicken wings so she would bring that instead. I did not object but I should have. The tomato bread was yummy. $6 bucks.The manchengo queso was an actual small slice of cheese with some dried fruit. I was thinking I was going to get some sort of yummy dip. Nope, a small piece of hard cheese. Wow Chef! Did they teach you that in culinary school?  I suppose queso does mean cheese in Spanish so it is my fault for assuming. $9 bucksThe cod empanadas were more like wontons to me. They were fried with pureed cod inside and honey drizzled on the outside. The taste was decent but the texture made me want to gag a little bit. The boneless chicken wings. These chicken wings cost $18 dollars for 4 of them. While I was eating them, I was thinking.."These are not any better than Buffalo Wild Wings." NOT IMPRESSED. If those were sooo much better than the other ones, I would have hated to taste those. My husband ordered a glass of scotch and I ordered a bramble (house specialty drink). They were $12 bucks a piece.Our bill came to about $90 dollars because after those food fails and the noise, we decided to leave and go somewhere else. We were still starving. The plates are ridiculously small for what they charge. And here's the thing. THEY AREN'T THAT GOOD. I don't get it. We will never step foot inside that place again. What a disappointment.
2	First - I love tapas, a fun way to eat while trying several different foods.  We (6) arrived for our reservation and tried to listen to our server explain the various dishes.  Tried to hear - this is a very loud place.  The server tried his best, but we just couldn't all hear.  We tried several dishes - most were just mediocre at best - very small portions, lacking seasoning.  Expect an expensive meal and to go away with an empty feeling.
3	Trendy.... but really bad service and the food is just alright. Super over priced - typical Vegas, I guess. You'll probably leave hungry.
2	I thought it was just okay. The Sangria was really yummy and the service was extraordinary.. that's about it..
3	I was really looking forward to this place and felt let down big time. The service was excellent BUT the food was not what I'd expect from the prices they charge. It was just "meh" in my book. Not bad or anything, but I would never come back again because the prices don't match up with the food.
2	I wouldn't return. The food wasn't as inventive, or put together as I expect from Chef Andres, perhaps we didn't select the best options. The portions were quite small, even for tapas. They all seemed slapped together too...when you are paying $15-30 a tapa I expect a bit of care...We asked to switch tables after being seated directly behind a noisy server station. We asked the server if we could keep him and he said the new table would be "a little too far" what?? seriously?We hadn't even ordered any food at this point, and then our new server came over, and with no introduction, or "sorry the other table was noisy, is this table better? she simply just said "do you want to add anything?" She seemed like more of an order taker than a server, with other tables around us too.Overall, the servers seemed to be more into socializing with eachother, even the managers. We had a female manager circle around our table twice, and she asked a table of two older genteman twice how everything was, but never stopped by us once, or any other tables in the area, that we noticed. We felt like we were more at the Plant Hollywoood of Tapas....servers who seem to be interested more in eachother, or being somewhere else completely, and an air that we are just "tourists".  And food that is put together for the masses..My husband and I have actually worked in a restaurant in Times Square, so I get the frustration of working with certain types of tourists, or especially foreign tourists that don't think they need to tip, or tip really poorly...but there are still tourists who appreciate dining, and superb service, and will tip for it.  We would have....Jaleo is just one of those places you feel like more of an inconvenience to the staff...
2	The quality of food was what I had expected for a tapas restaurant in Las Vegas, but even for tapas, I was slightly surprised at the extremely small portions over the higher price. I mean we're talking 2 bites at most if you are sharing (which I was) with somebody else! The Pan con tomate was pretty much the only 4 bites I had in succession on one plate. Think mini food.That being said the flavors were spot on and even exceptional when it came to carne asada, the roasted peppers were a great compliment to the slightly spicy beef! My biggest disappointment was with the 'lobster', aka langoustine, which I felt a little lead astray on by our server's description. When asked how large the tail was, she gestured a hand width of about 6 inches. To me, this justified the ~$16 price tag (I can't remember exactly how much it was but it was on the higher end). When it came out, the lavender scented foam was slight, not overpowering, but the meat in the tail was less than that of a large shrimp you find in a neighborhood grocery store. I felt so bad after one nibble, I gave the rest to my boyfriend to try and make up for the fact that I bombed on this suggestion. Other than that, the tempura shrimp were done well with a very nice dipping sauce, and the special (gourmet grilled cheese) was to die for. I mean--how can you go wrong with grilled cheese?Overall I felt our $120 bill was a little overpriced for the emptiness I still had lingering in my stomach. We did enjoy the experience, however I will skip Jaleo for a meal just as expensive somewhere else knowing that I will walk away without a guilty feeling. I'll leave that to the craps table.
5	All I can say is Jose Andres is a genius.
2	Friday night 3/23... they did not honor their private room reservation we made 6 months in advance which we called a week prior to reconfirm. We had 3 March birthdays flying in to celebrate together and we were told this place would be a fun hip place to go to celebrate. Hip yes, fun... well, due to the fact they bumped us and lied to us, it wasn't going well. Later we found out "Cosmopolitan Executives" were in the room and they didn't "leave in time". Again another lie, they were still eating main courses. I'm sure this doesn't happen often, but the fact is, a place such as this pride themselves in excellent service and on this night, they failed and lied about it too.
5	Unique tapas dishes. Iberico ham w manchego cheese and truffles, potato salad w fresh tuna, paella with squid! Tasty.
2	I am a HUGE fan of Spanish food and Jose Andres - I was really looking forward to eating at Jaleo but was really disappointed in all facets except the service. The waiter was great and explained everything very nicely. Unfortunately the food came out slow, it wasn't very tasty, I felt it was overpriced for the portion sizes (yes I realize these are tapas), and the specials (paella with rabbit) even fell flat. On the plus side they had a good drink menu and the atmospshere is very nice. Thank god for the pizza stand next door because after spending $200 for 2 people (only 1 drink each) I left starving.Visited December 2011
2	i ate here for the first time this weekend and was uber excited to try this place out!  i was disappointed for a handful of reasons...will i go back? probably not...vegas is kind of a mecca for food....so many different cuisines and types of food there, i definitely would not go back...first off...its expensive...TOO expensive if you ask me...i understand that spanish tapas and "tapas" in general are small plates with smaller portions BUT cmon man...how are you going to charge what you charge for this food?  so here is what i ordered...mini burgers with peppers and alioli...these 3 sliders tasted like sliders. normal sliders...it supposed to be made from special spanish pigs, but they tasted like normal state side pigs to me.pressed ham sando with manchego cheese and truffles...i really cant say anything negative about this sandwich...i loved it...like to the point where i could just order 3 or 4 orders and just eat them one by one...very truffley, very buttery, salty from the ham, and very cheesy...great sandwich indeed.spanish omelet with potatoes and onions...i make this at home all the time. its just an omelet with runny egg and 5 slices of thin potato slices in there...wth?  so boring.homemade pork sausage stew with pearl onions and mushrooms...i really wanted to like this dish, but for as much flavor that there was here...it was overpoweringly salty...like to the point where i wanted to gag salty...seared scallops with romesco sauce...these scallops were cooked well...they give you 2 scallops for 15 bucks...at Yardhouse you order extra scallops with their tomato cream sauce and its 20 bucks for 8 scallops the same size and taste similar...grilled skirt steak with pepper confit...overcooked. and chewy. not great in any way.im reading that the service there is phenomenal...our servers werent. they werent bad in any way, but i mean cmon....thats your job...so just do it...oh yeah...not only did i get a mean stomach ache and indigestion that kept me up all night...my g.f. ended up yacking from the food as well...i dunno what it was exactly, but something was not cooked right...i eat spanish tapas all over the place and im always fine to go the next day...not hunched over the porcelain bowl the next morning...(why 2 stars? like i wrote earlier. that pressed ham sandwich with truffle and manchego is truly a delight.  take my advice and just order 4 of them and go about your trip)
4	Other than having to wait about a half hour past our 8pm sat nite reservation...this place was great...from Bocadillo sandwiches with Iberico ham and manchego to the pork sandwich sliders and pork stew....all awesome...the lobster tail paella was just ok.  We got out of there with wine and tip for about $70/head...not bad for Vegas...I'll be back...
1	Let me begin....CAN WE SAY RIP OFF!!!!!  What a joke!!  This place serves plates they call Tapas for full entree prices!!!   We were so annoyed when we got the portions as we really thought someone was playing a practical joke on us when they waitress came over with the dishes!   We all looked at each other and said "ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!  The portions were not big enough even to feed one person let alone a party of 4 people!  Grant it...I am from NYC and are used to paying top dollar for my meals but atleast you get a meal...not a snack!    I don't mind paying high prices for good food and normal entree portions....but this place was truly a rip off and not sure how they are getting away with this!!    DO NOT GO THERE UNLESS YOU WANT TO EAT DINNER TWICE!!  Because we all left hungry and actually went to another restaurant to dine since the meal at Jaleo was a joke!!
5	This is a very sexy looking restaurant.  Cosmo is already a sexy hotel so it's no wonder it is located here.  Used to work at a tapas place so I was already familiar with the cuisine and let me just say, it doesn't get better.  Had some lamb that was just roasted for about 12 hours or so on a spit right there in the dining room.  Shrimps, mushrooms, cannellonis that were just velvety delicious.  It was all just amazing.  Dessert topped it off with chocolate, crumbles, mousse, and evoo.  My server was informative but not overbearing, which I appreciate.  That and my cousin was very cool company. Definately want to go back and have another awesome meal here.
3	Pop in for a quick bit after a 14 hour Grand Canyon bus tour around 10pm Monday night. This place was packed...Ordered 7 items including 1/2 carafe of Sangria, bill came to $120 before tips.Gambas al Ajillo (prawns) good sauce, prawns nice size I think there were 5 or 6 for $14Carne Asada, grilled to a nice medium $16 (ok nothing special)Pollo Croquettas, crispy on the outside and a nice creamy silky chicken on the inside. goodCanelones with pork and fois gras. Can't really taste the fois gras, taste like salted potatoes added to the pork. OK, not terrificRossejat...angel hair pasta pealla with prawns. This is my favorite dish. It's like angel hair pasta that's been cooked with prawn soup base. A steal @ $15Yummy for my tummy.For dessert we had the flan. Very smooth texture. Pricey @ $12Finally the Sangria we ordered had quite a kick. Not enough fruit for me but the taste is right. $25.00
4	Jaleo is no Bazaar, but it's pretty damn close.  During my last trip to Vegas, I somehow managed to snag a reservation at e by Jose Andres the DAY BEFORE I wanted to dine there, but I just couldn't drop $250 on one meal (especially after all the gluttony  that occurred the evening before).  I figured Jaleo wouldn't disappoint.The way this joint is set up is pretty unique.  It's inside the Cosmopolitan, and you take an escalator up to the umpteenth floor (or so it seems), and as you reach the top of the escalator (after following a bunch of signs that direct you toward the restaurants in the hotel/casino), the restaurant is right in front of you.  There are no walls.  It's just restaurant, in the middle of the casino.  We were seated promptly (as we had a reservation).  The service was excellent.  The food was good, but like I said, it was no Bazaar.  Loved the iPad cocktail menu.  Enjoyed the carne asada and shrimp dishes.  The flan was pretty awesome as well (the flavor had a citrusy undertone, which was unique).
1	Over was very unimpressed. I understand the thought process of using an iPad for drink menus but when there are 6 of you at a table with just one, we wasted a lot of time. Secondly. The food was mediocre at best. The potato wrapped chorizo looked like a potato chip wrapped miniature weenie and pretty much tasted that way.  Like something served at a Super Bowl party. The scallops had a ton of sand in them Bleck. Over all I would never recommend this place to anyone. Sorry
4	Gazpacho and steamed mussels were AMAZING. Octopus was ok, nothing too amazing. Portion sizes are sized so that multiple dishes are ordered. Service was helpful and friendly; little slow though. Must try!
5	Before Jaleo, I had only been to Cafe Atlantico. I'm *dying* to try Mini Bar and e. The staff here felt a little green. Our staff felt like they were taken from Olive Garden and plopped in Jaleo. Yes, they try their best and they are cute but they could be a little more refined in terms of service and knowledge of the menu ingredients. I guess that comes with time and training. The food was all delicious and exciting! Ham platter (comes with tomato bread) --- oooooh acorn-fed, black footed Iberian pigChicken fritters served in a Camper shoe --- it's like deep fried chicken pot piePotato wrapped chorizo --- potato chip sausage Salmon carpaccioGarlic shrimp (ask for bread)Anchovy stuffed olives with LIQUID olives (courtesy of Ferran Adria)A veggie dish with six golden quail eggs --- this was like ratatouille with a fried egg Paella of the day was veggie --- white asparagus, eggplant, squash, all lovelyTortilla de patatas --- I could have made this at home but it was nice to eat
5	Wandering through the culinary halls of the Cosmopolitan can be a daunting task.  There is no shortage of wonderful restaurant from which to choose, and at some point you just have to pick one.  Last night, we decided to pick two.  My wife and I decided that it was time to go experience Jose Andres, Vegas style.  Being from the DC area we had been exposed to his Epicurean talents but were not sure what to expect from this Jaleo or China Poblano.  With Jose it is best to expect the unexpected at all times.From the seating area directly in front of Jaleo we surveyed the crowd inside.  This place has an electric feel from hallway.  There are several different styles of tables including a foosball table conversion that seems a bit distracting.  The rest of the tables are diverse in style, and draw one's eye around the room.In the center of the restaurant there is a small open-fire kitchen where they prepare the paella.  We sampled the lobster paella and it was phenomenal.  We also ordered an array of small plates and had an absolute blast.  The winner for me from Jaleo was the gin and tonic oysters that were so fresh and flavorful it made me wonder how they had gotten to the middle of the desert so quickly.The service was prompt, attentive and friendly.  We have yet to indulge in E, but this experience made me realize that I must do this, and that I must do it soon!
2	Not real Spanish food. Truly overpriced. Overcooked shrimp (gasp!).Rossejat sucked; they only give you one dried up quail; only memorable thing here is that they serve one particular dish in a hiking boot. Truffle sandwich thing okay, but then again truffles are always okay.Go elsewhere.
4	Authentic and done very well. Service is good. Skirt steak was the best.
4	All great tapas. Pricey. And I only complain about prices when the portions are small. But look up the definition of Tapas. Bocaditos might be more appropriate. If you have the money to burn, come.My favorite part was when the hot waiter poured a lemonade/Spanish beer mixture into my mouth. ;-pYou can never go wrong with Sangria. I was slurring my words by the second cup.This is definitely the place to be pre-Marquee.... or heck even post-Marquee.Oh and the lobster paella was okay. My mom's is better. But if you don't have the luxury of having a Spanish mother, then you'd probably enjoy theirs. Just get the damn full lobster because we ordered the half and I was left yearning.
3	Let me start by saying that I have only been to this place once, and I always feel that to get a truly accurate picture of the food and service it's necessary to give it at least a couple of chances.  Alright, now that I've put that disclaimer out there, onward with my review.This place is in the uber-trendy Cosmopolitan Hotel.  It's tapas-style, Spanish fare.  The menu is pretty large and diverse - there's a little something for everybody, including cheeses, hams, soups, salads, various types of meat, vegetarian offerings, paella, you get the picture.  You should be able to find something you'll like.We (my husband and I) started out with a beet salad, liquid olives, and chorizo sausages wrapped in sliced potato.  Not sure if the liquid olives are authentic Spanish or more of a gimmick, but interesting, nonetheless.  Beet salad was pretty standard, but good, and the potato-wrapped chorizo sausages were very good.  Next we decided to order the octopus and something that was advertised as a pork sausage stew.  This was my first time trying octopus, and I enjoyed it well enough.  The pork sausage stew was really just pork meatballs with sauteed mushrooms and pearl onions - I wouldn't call it a "stew."  It would have been quite tasty, actually, but the meatballs were WAY oversalted.  We had wine with our meal, but the cocktails looked quite good.The atmosphere of this place was okay, but there was something about it that made me feel like I was at a restaurant in a mall.  Maybe it's the way the front of the place is wide open to the "commons" area outside, I don't know.  Other than that, it's lively and bustling inside, just as you would expect a tapas-style restaurant to be.  The service was okay.  Our server was attentive, but she didn't seem to happy to be there.  Every time she came over, she plastered on the fakest smile you can imagine (think the really angry girl from the movie "Waiting").  At one point, she came over, turned her back on us to whisper something to the busser at the table next to us, who then proceeded to come and wipe our table down.  I really don't know what she said - at best it came off kind of rude, at worst it felt like it was something negative about what pigs we were.  I also overheard some other servers right behind us bitching about other customers.  Might want to save that gossip for behind the kitchen door!All in all, decent food, decent atmosphere, bizarre experience with the waitstaff.  I'd go back if someone I was with really wanted to go.
4	This place just looks like fun from the outside; the tables spill into the surrounding area like a Spanish sidewalk cafe. We get inside and it is loud, boisterous, as if to say, "come partake in the Fiesta of food."The waitress is great, making recommendations; we start with the sangria, oh so good.We try an assortment of plates and flavors: Bread w jamon serrano, paella with lobster (somehow I expected more lobster on such an expensive portion)Beet salad and Carne asadaChorizo wrapped in potato chip: mildly spice, sorry to say it reminded me of pigs in a blanket, only crunchy.Chocolate flan w olive oil drizzle--very yummy!Really enjoyed this place, but I still think Firefly has better food if you are willing to go just slightly off the strip.
4	I'm not too big of a fan when it comes to Tapas.  Don't get me wrong- it's just not my thing, but Jaleo definitely impressed with their creative offerings and fancy atmosphere!Pros: * Elegant design with seating that can accommodate larger parties if need be.  * Creative tapa dishes  * Delicious food.  I liked nearly every dish ordered. * Friendly staffCons: * A bit overpriced, but that's expected.  Afterall, it is inside the Cosmo (there's an exception though:  secret pizza place). * Seating was a bit too close to one another.  Not much privacy that's for sure. Overall, this was an interesting place.  They have tables outside of the restaurant (side of the hostess stand) that actually double as a Foose Ball table!  Everything we ordered was pretty good. Tips:* A must order is the Veal cheeks and morels.  It was absolutely amazing!!* Order the chicken fritters and be ready for an interesting surprise.  I don't wanna ruin it for you...all I'll say is that the presentation is one of kind!  * Park / Enter through the East side elevators.  It takes you straight to the restaurant floors and Jaleo is conveniently right there =)
4	I ate at Jaleo with a group, and we requested a tasting menu.  We were served an eclectic selection of 10-15 dishes from the menu, perfectly portioned for sharing.  Our meal started with smaller tapas dishes, such as assorted stuffed olives, baguettes with tomato and anchovies, and Jaleo's creative take on a classic cheese plate (You have to try it to understand).  It moved on to heartier bites of raw and cooked fish and meats.  Though I was concerned at the beginning of the meal that the small portions would leave me hungry at the end of the night, we were practically begging our servers to stop bringing food by the time they brought out dessert.Personal highlights for me were gin and tonic oysters on the half-shell, fried cheese stuffed dates, braised veal cheeks, and a fantastic flan for dessert.  Some of the dishes were forgettable, but there was nothing that was truly disappointing.  Each displayed a fair amount of whimsy in its presentation.  Have one gin and tonic, and then drink sangria.  Trust me.
5	Excellent food, clean place, portions are just right.
2	This was my second time here, and quite possibly my last. I'm a fan of Jose Andres' restaurants, but the food tends to be a little hit-or-miss. I really like Bazaar out in LA, but the hit-to-miss ratio was considerably less favorable at Jaleo. Nothing overwhelmingly great, but the lobster salad was good, as were the gambas con gabardina, and the endive with goat cheese. The pan con tomate with anchovies and the the bacon-wrapped dates were both ok, although nothing spectacular. And we should have stayed away from the patatas bravas, which for some strange reason consisted of a bowl lays potato chips squirted with sirracha and mayonnaise. The real killer for the evening was the service. I realize dumb people have to work someplace, but do they all have to be assigned to my table? The bus boy kept awkwardly climbing over us or shoving himself between us trying to take our dishes and glasses when we clearly still had food and pitchers of sangria in front of us. At one point he practically tried to take the fork out of my date's mouth mid-bite. An I once had to slap at his hand to keep him from taking my plate. He's very lucky he didn't catch a fork to the hand. The waiter was really no better, and screwed up our order at least 5 times. It's 3 days later and I'm still waiting for my gazpacho. I also recommend checking your bill before putting your credit card down, as our waiter screwed that up, too.
4	Although the noise level is somewhat high for a date, I thought it was still alright to take one there.For two of us, we ordered about seven dishes, which filled us up pretty well.  As some of you might know, the food here is tapas style, served and proportioned as appetizers.Like China Poblano and E, they still manage to stay creative with their dishes.  I remember our potato wrapped chorizos were served in what looked like a bowling shoe.  We also tried the seared scallops, which seemed to really soak in a nutty taste from the pine nuts and the dressing they used with it.Out of everything I tasted though, the best of them all were the oysters in lemon gin and tonic.  Amazing.  To tell you the truth, I'm not really a big fan of oysters.  Unlike it's shellfish brothers, they manage to retain a strong, ocean taste regardless of what you do to them (and really, there's not much many like to do to them so as to preserve their raw state).  But here at Jaleo, they manage to have the lemon alchy mix to subdue the putrid ocean taste.  Sorry to all the oyster enthusiasts- if you like your oysters as raw tasting as possible, then don't order it from here.  Everything else though, is good to go.
5	We were a bit disappointed with Chef Jose Andres' China Poblano, so we didn't have high expectations when we ventured out to Jaleo on our last night in Vegas.  There was no need to worry!! This place was fantastic!!We were seated immediately for our reservation and greeted by our friendly waiter, who made some great suggestions for the tapas style dishes.We started with jamon iberico.....OMG...melt in your mouth, salty, nutty goodness of the iberico pig.  We were both in awe....we started to feel much better about our meal here after that.We then had the liquid olives....how do they do that?  I think the liquid olives tasted more like olives than the actual stuffed olives that came with it.  Both were soooo good!After that, we had the spicy chorizo wrapped in crispy potato...perfect combo.  Loved the flavor of the spicy chorizo...left a bit of heat but not too much.My larger dish pick was the Rossejat....paella made with angel hair like pasta and shrimp.  There was ham in there as well.  Delicious!!  I especially loved the crispy edges that burned a little against the cast iron skillet.  It was served with some garlic butter sauce, which I dipped the shrimps in....just heavenly.My BF's pick of the night was Secreto Iberico....the skirt steak of the iberico pig, which came with pan con tomate.  This was THE BEST pork dish we both have ever had.  It was so juicy, tender, flavorful....ok, I'm drooling just thinking about that wonderful piece of meat....mmmmm.  Pan con tomate was good too, but nothing compared to this piece of meat.  I think we'll be dreaming about it until the next time we can hit Vegas again.Dessert - flan and some apple tart thing...can't remember the exact name, but also very delicious.  Apple and cinnamon wrapped in brioche with vanilla bean ice cream...so good.  Flan had a bit of a citrus taste to it but the consistancy was perfect.  If you're anywhere near Vegas, go here and try the secreto iberico.  You will not be disappointed.  Skip China Poblano and head straight here to Jaleo...I wish we had, so we could've had time to have it twice!!!
4	Jaleo was a really fun place to go with friends. Tapas is always cool, and the cosmopolitan was my favorite hotel in Vegas. I loved the tomato bread! It tasted so fresh. The garlic shrimp was also fantastic. Definitely a fun place! Make sure to make a reservation though because this place gets crowded and the wait is LONG!
4	A little noisy for a date, but it looks like a good place for drinks with friends. We started at the bar with a half carafe of sangria and a gin and tonic. I didn't like the sangria as much as I thought I would. It just tasted like red wine to me. The gin and tonic was really good, but it is expensive. :(We ordered the garlic soup, dates with bacon, monk fish, patatas bravas, brussel sprout salad, and the lamb ribs. We wanted to get the paella instead of the ribs, but they only make one type of paella each night and it happened to be lobster. If you have food allergies make sure you ask your waiter about it. Their seafood stock uses crab meat so I couldn't eat it...really disappointed about that, but what can you do. The only thing I disliked was the monk fish. It was too sour for my taste. Everything else was great! My favorites were the lamb ribs and the patatas bravas. The meat on the ribs was juicy and had an awesome crust. The patatas bravas is interesting. It's fried potato slices with tomato and garlic sauce but they are SO good...but it is kind of weird to remember one of the highlights of your meal being what was essentially potato chips.
2	I came here with a group of friends for my birthday dinner. We had the 13 course tasting menu. Some initial downsides were: very crowded and has an "energetic" environment. It's difficult to get them to agree to a large dinner, and when they do, you have to do a tasting course. When you do the tasting course you have to sign a contract. If you sign the contract you guarantee the # of folks in your party.In our case, half the table decided they didn't want to eat and so they walked out. This left me arguing with the F&B manager for the night, who produced a copy of the contract - that was oddly missing the page where I wrote that the size of the party could change (and signed off on by the F&B manager for the restaurant)I seriously argued with this person for over 20 minutes going back and forth as to the best course of action, while all my guests sat waiting. On my birthday dinner. Eventually we reached a draw and decided to just eat. So the food started coming and it was actually AMAZING! It has been a minute so I forget ALL the courses but here are the ones I remember:- the bruschetta w/ tomato - amazing. I still think about it. - dates w/ bacon - the paella of courseUnfortunately there were more issues...after the first 4-5 courses came out, we sat for 30 minutes without a single additional course coming. This was actually a good thing (wait and see). After pointing out to the waiter that no food was coming to our table, he went back to the kitchen and did something because orders started coming out, but not in the order on the menu. My guess would be that the kitchen fell behind on our table, got yelled at, and fired whatever they could get immediately. So props to them for getting things moving.Dessert was delicious. The wine list was amazing. And, our F&B minimum was eventually adjusted due to the failure at the table. Following are my recommendations for this spot:- it's too high volume for a large group. Come in smaller groups (less than 10) and order off the menu instead of getting a tasting menu.- don't sign a contract because if things don't go your way, they'll be inflexible and refuse to work with you, even a little bit.- if you do sign a contract then get the private room at least. I'm giving this spot 5 stars for the food and taking 3 stars away for the awful customer service.
4	Let's start with the few cons:One has to ask for water, was never offered water/poured water without asking, even after a long duration of our glasses being empty.They don't fill water to the top of the glass, and the glasses are rather average sized for water glasses so that kinda sucks.Wines/drinks are pricey for the 'most part.'Our waiter, while initially attentive, after we placed our order, we did not see him towards the end of our meal.  We would have ordered another bottle of slightly overpriced wine, if we had seen him.  Their loss.  Chicken wings were nothing special.  Bar food chicken wings are on average, better tasting.Seating arrangements are not the most comfortable, as for most of our night, we were seated pretty close to two other couples.  We made friends though, but in the event we had not, it would have been more of a con.Pros:Great variety of wine.Great food, especially the caviar on organic egg.Had a few 6 dollar glasses of wine (white and red) options.  We opted for a 30 dollar bottle of wine, which was quite good.Modern and energetic. Quick getting to our seats, friendly host.Some decently priced food options in comparison to other restaurants at the Cosmopolitan/like-restaurants.While at first glance, it looks like more cons than pros, the great food really made it 4 stars.  Fun experience to try new food and not feel craycray for ordering 6 menu items for 2 people.  K Rating: B+
4	3.5 stars.Came here with a group of 8 people and we got a private room in the back, away from the really loud main dining room.  The ipad drink menus were probably more trouble than it's worth.  The paper dinner menu is pretty extensive and we relied on the waitress to make some selections for us.  In the end, the food's overpriced and just alright but the lobster paella really saved the day. We had:Chips and tomato paste. Meh.Tomato bread with three selections of jamon. Iberico's the best.  Tomato bread was take it or leave it.Chicken fritters that came in a shoe. Gimmicky but the fritters were good.Fried eggplant. Very good.  Nice and crispy.Brussel Sprout salad. Citrus-y and delicious.Shrimp in a little pan. Since I'm allergic, I refrained. But the table had good reviews.Lobster Paella for 8 people. It was the piece de resistance! Two waiters carried in a huge copper paella pan which cooked all the paella for 8 people. The lobster was wonderfully done and the rice was loaded with flavor. If we didn't eat this, we'd probably leave hungry!Grilled Iberico pig - excellent.Panna Cotta with citrus sorbet - excellent.Jaleo was an great meal and we had a good time laughing and pointing at the chicken fritters in the tennis shoe. I think I would've been pretty disappointed if it only sampled 2-3 tapas, so dining with a large group provided a good selection for us. I liked my experience but would not come back again.Oh, and that $17 gin and tonic. It was very good indeed.
5	The bacon wrapped dates are so good!
5	I was craving some rabbit meat. This is whereI found it. So good, I wanted to try one drink but the waiter told that its very sweet and brought over a free sample - he was right, I did not like it, ceviche is as good as it can get. Ate there several times -  excited to go back every time
3	Caught an early dinner before a show at the Bellagio. My friend read about their happy hour tapas prices and this is why we went (that and she likes the chef/creator). We were told upon arriving that only D.C. Has that promo.  We decided to stay anyways. Misadvertisement = fail.  Service 4 stars They offer you an iPad with a wine list to review, but it takes an offionado to know how to search the app. Wine is pricey, and though I was willing, the other couple was not willing to share a bottle over $75. Slim pickins at this point. Still they helped us find a bottle, even after my sending a few bottles back (unopened) because of the incorrectly listed vintages. (yes, I am that person.) The sommelier was kind, understanding, and helpful. Food 4 starsThe food was good, but not spectacular. Value 2We like to dine at high class 5star restaurants (perspective here), but didn't find the value of this place to match what we found. I am a regular visitor to Spain, and lived there for 7 mos years ago... Thus I wanted to love this place, but just didn't overall. I am super familiar with tapas style, but this place doesn't represent Spanish style dining well. Would not return.
5	I've been wanting to try this place for awhile and really enjoyed myself coming here during the week when you can just walk up for a table.  The staff was very attentive from the hostess stand to the waiter that walked that fine line of enough attention to take care of you but not to annoy.  I loved the tables and great colors within the place, the unique aspect that I liked was that despite the tables being close together it's set up to still be able to not have to listen to conversation at nearby tables.I normally don't get the paella since I'm impatient but I was pleasantly surprised that they already had the Arroz Mediterraneo already prepared.  Since I was in a good mood I even ordered the Rossejat(traditional paella with shrimp) both were very delicious and just filling without being heavy.  Given my seafood mood I added an order of Gambas con gabardina(beer battered shrimp with capers mayonnaise) which was great to top it all off.  As usual I didn't try any of the alcoholic drinks but I did finish off with a nice Chamomile tea from loose leaf and even came with a timer for the strength you desire.
4	It's always fun trying out new restaurants by famed chef's especially out in Vegas.  This trip was no different as we started off the weekend by dining here at Jaleo.  Can't beat a weekend filled with gambling and fine dining.After the shitty 6 hour drive out to Vegas plus the 112+ degeree weather we had to deal with, dinner at Jaleo was definitely worth the suffering.  This restaurant was packed and luckily we were able to make reservations a week before.  Doubt anyone was seated without a table.  There was only one negative point to our dinner which was the fact that patrons couldn't order any paella they wanted.  Apparently, the chef determines what paella to make and the order in which he does so.  At the time we were seated, we were disappointed to find out that he was making the chicken and rabbit paella next and the server wasn't sure when he was going to make the lobster paella.  The lobster paella was the sole reason for us dining here on a Friday night.We started the meal off with the croquetas de pollo http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=doBDden97_QWUQ90g3fahQ#doBDden97_QWUQ90g3fahQ.  I had just recently dined at Racion in Pasadena and thought that the croquetas were amazing there until I had the ones at Jaleo.  OMFG were they delicious!  They are served inside a shoe which added a fun aspect to the presentation.  Perfectly fried to a golden crisp and surprisingly they were not oily.  A must order when dining here.Huevo frito con caviar http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=doBDden97_QWUQ90g3fahQ#rcJVfsQ828Px9z1QGseU1g.  Probably my least favorite dish as I'm not a caviar person.  Though the egg was perfectly cooked (with a runny yolk), I thought that the caviar left a strong fishy after taste in my mouth.Ensalada de coles de bruselas con albaricoques, manzanas y jamon http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=doBDden97_QWUQ90g3fahQ#zfhsQwFmrz73uw3ejHSdcw.  I'm not a brussel sprout person and still thought that this dish was tasty.  Perhaps it was the bits of jamon they used to give a nice saltiness to the dish or it's the fact that I'm starting to like them....I'll have to say it was the jamon!  Rossejat http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=doBDden97_QWUQ90g3fahQ#5NoVIJuIihu5NBs2MGfHJw.  After hearing the disappointing news about the lobster paella, we decided to order this instead after hearing that it was a specialty dish that Chef Andres makes.  It was pretty good though I thought that the squid actually had a strong fishy taste.  Again, I do have a pretty sensitive palate when it comes to fishy tasting seafood.  I'm more of a meat person so though the noodles were cooked perfectly, the squid sort of killed it for me.Mini pepito de iberico http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=doBDden97_QWUQ90g3fahQ#T0TizmLVjT3tF3kTRO439g.  Not sure which iberico dish to order, we settled for this one.  My complaint was with the timing as it didn't show up until near the end of our meal, making it difficult to consume as we were stuffed.  Wished we had a few more mouths to help out with all the food we ordered.  The mini pork burgers were good but ended up skipping out on the bread and just eating the pork patty.Secreto iberico con pan tomate y salsa verde http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=doBDden97_QWUQ90g3fahQ#ZCU0locj942eufdlsI9tnA.  Hands down the best dish of the night!  Perfectly cooked and seasoned!  This skirt steak from the iberico pork is to die for.  It came out still warm and boy did each piece melt in your mouth.  It was so good that for a brief few minutes, I forgot how full I really was until most of the plate was gone.  Oh and the pan con tomate was awesome!After devouring the plate of the secreto, the waiter came back with some exciting news!  Turns out that the chef just finished cooking the lobster paella.  Being too full to even consider ordering a plate of it, we asked for a sample http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=doBDden97_QWUQ90g3fahQ#1qw63ZI6jhTaG-pMhU_NSg.  The waiter brought out two spoons of the freshly cooked paella and holy shit was this good!  If not having been so full, I would've gladly ordered a plate.  This paella is by far the best I've ever had.  We were given some advice on how to book our next reservations and hopefully we'll be able to order a plate of the lobsert paella.  Until next time Jaleo...I will be dreaming of your secreto and of your arroz a banda con bogavante!!!!**Deducted 1/2 star for not being able to order the lobster paella**
3	If you like Tapas, you'll love this place. I tried this place this past weekend while I was in Vegas for a Bachelorette party. They set us in a private room which was great. The food was alright. We tried the sample tasting for $40. We tried about maybe 10 items. Lobster Salad, Carne Asada Strips and the fried dates were really good. Wasn't a fan of anything with Goat Cheese in it. We also got the Red Sangria for $50. Which to me wasn't the best I've ever had. Service here was great. We didn't have to wave any wait staff down. All in all the experience here was good.
3	Upon arriving at Jaleo, I was sure we were in for a HUGE treat. The place was jam-packed, I LOVE Tapas (having lived in Spain for a short time) and the hostess was absolutely AWESOME and managed to get us a private room for my sister's 21st birthday. I have to be honest: the meal turned out to be a pretty big disappointment. I probably wouldn't recommend this to anyone with limited time in Vegas, although I have to say, I'd probably go back and try different menu items. Most restaurants deserve a second chance.SERVICE: This was one of the main reasons I didn't end up loving Jaleo. The hostess was GREAT - she worked some magic and got us a private room (that doesn't take reservations) and she checked in while we were waiting to provide us updates on timing. When we sat down, we had two servers assigned to our room. The main waitress was nice, but steamrolled our decision-making process. Having lived in Spain, I had some definite opinions on what we should order and I could hardly get a word in edgewise. She also failed to get drink orders from everyone and when I tried to speak up to order, she talked right over me. Finally, another member of my group tapped her on the arm to let her know she hadn't gotten a drink order from me. While I knew what the dishes were like, the rest of my group wasn't acquainted with many of the menu items. When asked for what she'd recommend, the waitress blew through several items so quickly that my friends couldn't even keep up to locate them on the menu. It didn't help that she used the Spanish names instead of describing what they were in English. Her initial service left a bad taste in my mouth for the rest of the meal.FOOD: One thing about Jaleo - this is one authentic tapas menu. I was REALLY impressed. It's a huge menu and there are so many things on it that most Americanized tapas joints wouldn't include. The gazpacho was a HUGE hit at our table, although difficult to share because it was served in one dish. The garlic shrimp was pretty good, although a member of our table got one of those awkward bad shrimp - something I don't think can be avoided. The peppers stuffed with goat cheese (my selection) turned out to be a hit despite no one else seeming interested in it from the beginning. Definitely order that if you go. I'd pass on either of the croquettes (but I never liked them in Spain either, so that may just be a "me" thing). They were served in a Camper tennis shoe, which was SUPER cute. We loved that - although the waitress had zero explanation for it. Lame. One thing I would definitely NOT order again was the beef paella. It was some of the worst meat in the paella that I've ever had - another member of our group couldn't eat meat for the next two days because she was so grossed out. Plus, it was SO expensive! Be sure to check the price on paella before you order...and I'd go with more tapas instead. Or, maybe try the seafood paella.DRINKS: One regret from our group - we wish we had ordered a carafe of sangria. Instead, some of us had wine and some had cocktails. My Whiskey de Verano was AWESOME and I'd recommend it to others. Good drink options. No problems here.ATMOSPHERE: The restaurant, which is totally open on one side is pretty upbeat and busy. It was PACKED on a Thursday at 9:30. But, like I said - we had the  private room. It was AWESOME. It had glass doors, so the noise was kept out (and ours was kept in). My friends who were facing the doors, though, said waiters and waitresses kept staring at us through the doors, which was a little awkward. Oh well. Deal with it - the room was great. It even had a lazy susan on the table to help share tapas.OVERALL: Like I said, I'd go back here again to give the authentic Spanish menu another try. But, I wouldn't go for a special occasion or with a HUGE group. I'd order the sangria and I'd go with lower expectations. This was just an okay meal for me in Vegas - I've had better meals.
2	Arrived on a Wednesday to a packed house at Jaleo. We were seated within 10 minutes of our arrival. We were then given an IPad to review the drink list. We didn't see our waiter again for 15 minutes. Note, you can not order your drinks from the IPad. Our waiter finally appears and takes our drink order. Literally another 15 minutes goes by before we got our drinks. I watched tables that were seated after us get their water, drinks and first courses by the time we got our drinks. Ordered the "infamous" gin and tonic and my friend got a specialty whiskey drink. The gin and tonic is just that. A gin and tonic, not sure what all the hype is about. The whiskey drink was far superior. We ordered the following dishes for our meal. Chorizo w/fried potato - I personally liked the dish because I'm a sucker for chorizo but no one else cared for it. warm spinach and pine nut salad - boring and tastelessSeared Scallop - Overcooked Grilled skirt steak - Ice cold by the time we received it but had decent flavorApple and fennel salad - Probably the best dish of the meal but it's a salad!Chicken fritters - Fried with mushy chicken in the center Shrimp skewers - Greasy potato and onion fritatta - We did not order this dish but it came to our table anyway and we ate it because we were so hungry. Decent, but I could make it at home. gin and tonic oysters - Did not eat any, but I hear they were pretty good. Overall the service here is really lacking, we were all done with our drinks half way through the meal, were never asked if we wanted another. The food is mediocre and not worth the price. We all left hungry and disappointed. Way overrated.
4	Oh Jaleo, you bring out the worst in me.I'm one of those eaters that: (1) has zero patience to read a menu, especially when most of it is in a foreign language; (2) if I can't decide what I want, I pester the server and neighboring diners for recommendations; and (3) knows exactly what I want and how I want it.  Jaleo, for better or worse, hits all four proverbial nails.Jaleo's menu isn't the biggest, but there are a large number of dishes offered.  And most of it is in Spanish.  Unless you read the English description.  Well, as I said before, I have no patience to read every description to settle on a handful of openers.  Which sucks because we ended up with the cod empanadas, which, oh, btw, doesn't really have any cod in it.  It's basically a fish cream that's been deep fried in thin and crisp empanada shell with some honey drizzled on it.  You might like it and love it, but my friends and I could not stomach this to save our lives.  We Fear Factored the shmuck who ordered it as punishment.  Yes, he smelled like fish after that.  The menu doesn't suck if you read Spanish.  Or you have the patience to actually read everything.  Deal killer?  Nope, because......I pester people to give strong recommendations.  Sucks for everyone else except me!  Using this method, we stumbled across a ginfully good Gin & Tonic.  They ship their ice sphere (don't call it a ball) from their sister ship in LA.  Seriously.  The care and attention that goes into this one drink suggests that they care about all of their products (apparently even that cod cream).  Speaking of attention, the food in the shoe definitely grabbed ours, as we promptly ordered the delectable pollo croquetas (sp?) that occupy the footwear.  Those little morsels of what tasted like really good creamed chicken in a crunchy fried shell are really yum.  Another great recommendation was that we try their off-menu paella (I don't know what it's called because we said we'd take it before the server even described it).  To our surprise it was loaded with a whole lobster tail, a giant lobster claw (a bitch to break open), a few prawns and a few muscles.  Killer good that dish, but......not as good as the Iberico Short Rib Paella recommended on my first visit.  It was so rich and tasty that we wanted another plate.  I daydream about it.  I drool uncontrollably.  My second visit to Jaleo was specifically to have this dish again.  Upon sitting, before ordering drinks or even water, we asked for, nay DEMANDED this paella.  To which our humble server replied they were not going to be making it.  At all.  For the rest of the night.  Once the tears stopped, I pulled myself together with a wonderful Gin & Tonic, had some pretty good dishes (like the potato wrapped chorizo and roast quail) then went over to Blue Ribbon for oxtail fried rice to dull the pain...but that's for another review.  Yeah, Jaleo, you've got a lot going for you.  Your food's mostly good.  But I think I need Rosetta Stone and some valium to get through the menu.  And you need to get some more damn Iberico short ribs for the best paella in the world!
3	It just wasn't for me. I had a hard time reading the menu because of the major Spanglish that was going on. I had a large party and no one liked it either, but that was my fault because I had no idea that they were toppas (I knew the small forks were questionable). Anyways, the atmosphere was super cute, so I really enjoyed that. Pretty sure I am not going back though.
5	I returned and it got that 5th star. One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas and I love eating and sharing. The desserts did it, man. the best flan I've ever had, some olive oil ice cream and a chocolate dessert that kind of shut my talkative ass up for a minute. Had the Paellea, it was good but not as good as I had in Spain. I actually enjoyed the fideo-type dish (paella with noodles instead of rice). the aioli makes it really good though.
4	What we ate and drank:- Endive with oranges, almonds, and goat cheese - a great, refreshing first bite. Light on the goat cheese, lots of oranges, awesome flavor. - Fried squid with aioli - this was gone in a matter of seconds after hitting the table, and 4 friends were in a blissful, happy place. - White asparagus with lemon, thyme, Idiazabal cheese - asparagus was cold and crisp, but any lemon and thyme was overpowered by the cheese. Refreshing, but one of the lower impact dishes of the night.- Veal cheeks with morels and olive oil potato puree - rich and heavenly. - Pork and foie canelones with bechamel sauce - again, simply decadent. - Vegetable Paella of the day - rice had nice toasty flavor, and vegetables were delicious. Tasty, but not mind-blowing.- Sauteed wild mushrooms with potato puree - tasty but not mind blowing.- Organic egg with caviar and caramelized onions - as you'd expect, runny and delicious, with grilled bread to sop it all up.Prima tempranillo to drink, which was a nice complement.  A decent value for the price of the bottle, not great. Flan for dessert was good, not exceptional.Service was good - water was refilled frequently. Waitress was a tad bit pushy and her recommendations were pretty vanilla - chicken croquettes, bacon wrapped dates, sauteed spinach... do we LOOK like we're from Topeka?  Decor was lovely though, and we were seated right up against the dessert plating station for an entertaining view of the pastry cooks. Would definitely love to try more of Jaleo in the future.
5	Jaleo VS Julian Serrano Average price per tapas of Jaleo restaurants is around $16 and it's around $14 at Julian Serrano (JS). However, tapas served at Jaleo are in smaller sizes than Serrano. I love both places but I have to say the dishes at Jaleo are whimsical (especially deserts) when compared to JS. I really enjoyed "seared fresh squid with squid ink sauce with artichokes and pearl onions", "endives, goat cheese, oranges and almonds", and "chilled almond and garlic soup with crabmeat and green grapes". http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=drHdCIGOU3jtpp4lmtyDHA#sUnBMDA-b67DXcmBzWGRVghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=drHdCIGOU3jtpp4lmtyDHA#h7yAwJEuEfiPwvcHW-gONwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=drHdCIGOU3jtpp4lmtyDHA#sBh59USsH_nDPkVm6l2KRgThe deserts at Jaleo are awesome!!! I was full prior to the deserts. However, as soon as I took the first bite of Jaleo's flan, I just couldn't get enough of it!! Flan has just the right balance of sweet and cream (in a perfect way for me). I also ordered olive oil ice cream with grapefruit. I had a lot of fun trying the olive oil ice cream!!! I will never think olive oil and ice cream would work so well together. But they did!! They tasted perfect together with grape fruits. I can't wait to go back to get more deserts from Jaleo. They are to die for!!!!!!! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=drHdCIGOU3jtpp4lmtyDHA#v9a5wds9zyCeiF-DaZZ5Tghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K0j_Znzin0jShXVnpvW86A?select=drHdCIGOU3jtpp4lmtyDHA#t6gWYCJB19U60cyQRKFA6Q
5	One of the best meals of my life.  My boyfriend and I went here for my birthday two years ago but I'm sure nothing has changed.Place is very busy - so if you want it to be more intimate then maybe someplace else - but if you wanna go and enjoy people watching and enjoy amazing food come here!  My sister is moving to Vegas next year for two years at the Aria and so we'll definitely be here again!We ordered cocktails - I got one with a sugared rim soo good! and boyfriend got a blood and sand.  Then we ordered about 15 plates of tapas!  I honestly can't remember everything we ordered but the lamb riblets and the monkfish were out of this world - the cheese and salads - the endive, goat cheese and orange salad were to die for, the sweet onions pine nuts and blue cheese! ugh soo good.The bill was like $200 bucks but so worth it.  One of the best foodie experiences of my life! Now off the Bazaar in Beverly Hills.  Gotta save my allowance haha.
4	Love the flavors and the variety of tapas. Been there twice and would definitely go back. I had been wary of the veal cheeks, but it turned out to be my fave dish. It's Vegas, so it's a bit over-priced, but by Vegas standards it's fine for a good meal
4	Located in The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. this tapas place is not as good as its east coast counterpart in Washington DC.  That being said this place is still pretty great. The menu is in constant flux, and I mean that as a good thing, there always is something new, and sadly something great is no longer there. So the method is if you see something interesting on the menu order it, for it may be gone tomorrow. But fear not it will most certainly be replaced with something equally interesting, so make sure you come back and try that before it too is gone, such is the circle of life, or in this case the circle of tapas. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Loved it...everything about it!We had five dishes which were plenty for two people...-- Jamon Iberico- the most amazing charcuterie we've ever had and we've had a lot. The flavor was out of the world and it melted in your mouth.-- Manchego cheese- always a delicious cheese-- Chicken Croquettes- Very rich, creamy and yummy. The bechemal inside really makes these things rock. -- Tortilla- Nice flavors and texture. A must try if you enjoy tortilla. --Veal Cheeks- cheeks are always moist and delicious, and these didn't disappoint. So good!Highly recommended!
4	We couldn't have been more fortunate to show up on a Sunday night.Apparently every Sunday, they do suckling pig in order to boost restaurant volume.  The pig was INCREDIBLE.  Finished over a wood grill, served with aioli, garlic mayo, sea salt, and fire toasted bread, the pig was super tender and the skin crisp and flavorful.  Expensive at $25 / serving but worth every penny.  Apparently, they also roast a whole lamb Wednesday nights.The quail was also very good.  Again, it was pretty expensive at $15 but delectable.  Unfortunately, the dates with bacon were pretty mediocre.  The taste of caviar was also completely lost in huevo frito con caviar which cost a pretty penny at $16.  All in all a fantastic meal.  Great place to stop before hitting the club!
5	Great food!!! Tell your server to take care or everything and the enjoy it..... We had a fantastic meal!!!
4	Yum yum yum! I love this place. It's a little bit pricey but I love their tapas. They are all very unique and delicious. I really like the grilled quail (Codorniz con salsa de romero y alioli de miel*), the garlic shrimps (Gambas al ajillo) and the white asparagus. I also HIGHLY recommend the stewed squid (Calamares en su tinta). I can taste the squid ink, and it's so tender and flavorful. I also suggested to stick with the tapas and skip the paella. It's super huge and it lacks flavor other than tomato. Do not skip dessert. OMG, their flan is to die for--so rich and CREAMY! Oh, and order their rosemary iced tea--best iced tea ever!!
4	I was really impressed with this restaurant.  Every dish was good, and some were exceptional.  The real test for me is the gazpacho, and it is a 10.  So good and almost perfect they just nailed it.  The service is fine, a little hurried, but if your priority is the quality of the meal itself over all the other considerations, you should try this place out.
3	Very disappointed with everything but the veal cheeks and pan with prosciutto...head next door to Jose Serrano's at the Arria instead.
4	Ended up here with a girlfriend from out of town, so glad we did. The tapas were each special in their own way, we split 5 between 2 of us. PLENTY. And had a couple of whiskey concoctions that hilariously reminded us of whiskey slush that our great aunts used to make & keep in the freezer. Maybe it wasn't so hilarious, maybe it was the whiskey but either way we had fun at Jaleo. People watching was fantastic, food was divine. Here is a twist, I found the seating pretty uncomfortable throughout, the wood bar stools are a nightmare with sharp pointy edges, the banquettes are too low on the back to provide any support or comfort and the dining chairs have a wood bar that hugged my hips in all the wrong way. Perhaps this is their way of keeping chubby & older people out... or maybe they should have just went with another design team....
5	The food here is amazing! I love tapas in general and this place didn't disappoint. I came here with a colleague when we were in town for business and we split 5 dishes which were unique and delicious! Two dishes which were prepared in a really unique way were the brussel sprouts and the beet salad. I've never had brussel sprouts where the leaves were taken off and presented like a salad. In the beet salad there was also an assortment of cubed beets and shaved beets. This place was a bit pricey but what do you expect at a nice hotel in Vegas? Glad that I wasn't personally paying, but if I were back at the Cosmo for a personal trip I'd totally go here again. Food: GreatLocation: Great (on the restaurant floor of the Cosmo)Service: GreatValue: GoodAmbiance: Great
5	We went there with high expectations and they were all met with flying colors.  We ordered the shrimp in garlic sauce.  Yum yum. That's the best dish. The endive with orange and nuts were great.  The skirt steak was excellent.  The pork sliders were awesome.  I'm not a burger fan, but it left a sweet and savory taste on my palate that made me want to come back.  The paellella of the day was with duck....too salty.  I wish they had the seafood paellella, but you can only have what they made that day.  The flan has the right balance of rich creamy sweet and citrus from the ice cream and orange.I would definitely come back to try a few more things on the menu.  The service was nice with the right amount of attentiveness.The bill came out $126 for 2 people that makes me smile.  It's very decent for an upscale restaurant.Highly recommend this restaurant
4	Finally got to try a Jose Andres restaurant.  The wife and I have had reservations at The Bazaar, E, and Jaleo before and each time we had to cancel for various reasons.  We finally made it to Jaleo this time in Vegas.  We were seated almost right away and the had a pretty casual atmosphere for such a highly touted restaurant.We started out with the Pan Con Tomate which is pretty much a bruschetta.  I was like its just tomato and bread but I gotta admit that it was pretty tasty.  So far so good.  Next came the world famous Jamon Iberico Ham.  Nicely cured ham, similar to a proscuitto, but for $18 we got 3 small slices.  Good stuff but not worth the price in my opinion.  Got a good review of the paella from a buddy so we had to try.  The paella for the night was the Iberico Short Rib Paella.  The wife thought it a bit salty, but it was very good.  Wild mushrooms gave it a great earthy flavor and the Iberico Short Ribs were awesome.  Then the bacon wrapped dates fried in a batter.  I guess it was okay but its not something I would order again.  Nothing special here.The Calamares Tinta was pretty much the best squid I've ever had.  Squid usually ends up overcooked and tough or chewy.  This squid was sooooo tender.  More important, the squid flavor was not masked by some overwhelming sauce.  It comes with squid ink as the sauce and is just a great squid dish.Last, but not least, the Carilleras which is veal cheeks.  Anyone who has had veal cheeks knows that they are just so tender, melt in your mouth good.  This was no different.  Served on creamy, fluffy, mashed potatoes.  As an aside, the wife as very impressed by the Spanish Red Wine that she ordered.  It is called Montecastrill.  Nice and smooth, medium bodied, and that's about all I can say because I'm not a wine conissoeur.In short, I was impressed by Jaleo.  It is quite expensive for the small portions of food that you get but although I wasn't stuffed by any stretch, there was enough food to satisfy me.
4	Our reservation wasn't until 6:45pm but after a helicopter ride to Grand Canyon, we were famished so, we asked the hostess if we could get a table much earlier.  After 10 minutes of waiting in front of the empty restaurant, we finally got seated.  This is why I'm only giving Jaleo 4 stars.Our table was right next to the kitchen and I loved it.  I watched the chefs prepare food, slice the Iberico ham and brush tomato on rustic bread.  We ordered a lot of tapas (pan de tomato with Serrano ham, sambas al ajillo, pollo al ajillo con crema de queso, salmon crudo, bacon-wrapped dates, carne asada, mini pepito de Iberico) and they were all delicious.  The tapas came quick but the desserts (manzanas Carlota, pan con chocolate and pastel de chocolate y avellanas) took a long time.The seats are great.  It was like sitting on and being surrounded by purses.  It's a pretty place.My sister has been to Spain and she brought home some Spanish goodies and she has learned to make some tapas.  I can say that whatever she brought home and has cooked are pretty comparable to what we had at Jaleo.  I'll be taking a trip to Spain in a couple of months then come back to Jaleo when I'm having Spanish tapas withdrawals.
1	- disappointing ambiance (a bit "mall" food court -like)- poor service from hostesses- all around a disappointing experienceAt the suggestion of a friend, I booked this restaurant to celebrate a friend's 40th bday.  We thought the ambiance was disappointing -- it felt a little exposed and like a mall food court.  Despite our open table reservation, there was No table ready for us.   The hostesses were obviously holding a table for some VIP group and wouldn't seat us there even though it was sitting empty and we were on-time for our reservation.  The hostesses were rude.  We could tell they were talking about us after we complained about being seated in the bar (felt like being in the middle of a mall food court!)   Our waiter was wonderful, but the hostesses and bartenders all seemed cranky/unhappy.  The food was good, but not exceptional.  There are a lot of great restaurants in vegas and I just cannot recommend this one.  If however you find yourself there, we loved the mushrooms, the traditional potato/egg dish, both the asparagus and the potatoes in maresco sauce.  My absolute favorite was the flank steak-- fantastic.  My advice?  Keep looking and eat somewhere else!
4	Exemplary tapas inspired from many of Spain's different regions, including Basque and Catalan dishes. The paella was exceptional, along with the many exciting items on the menu - Jamon de Iberico, the Jamon Iberico sliders, Manchego, Idiazabal and Garrotxa cheese, octopus with olive oil and dried pimento (a Madrid classic), veal cheeks, Spanish-style pork sausage, stuffed peppers, salads, bocadillos, and on and on....only the fried dishes I didn't particularly enjoy.If you've seen Jose Andres's Made in Spain regional cooking series, you have a pretty good idea of what to expect.The service was very good and knowledgeable, although the wine markup was absurd, $52 for a Borsao Tres Picos that can be had for $15-$18 retail.All in all a great experience.
4	Excellent food. We had probably 12 to 14 dishes and some were as good as anything I've ever had. It is a very unique menu and you can easily stray outside you culinary comfort zone and be pleasantly surprised at every turn. The veal cheeks, jamon iberico and spinach salad were off the chart good. There wasn't anything I wouldn't be willing to try here (High praise).The service was good and the waiter's recommendations were all spot on. The only lag was before dessert and it was unnecessarily long. It was "can we go and just skip dessert" long. Glad we didn't because dessert was great too.The biggest knock was where they sat us. We had a large party and they sat us outside the restaurant in a foyer area. The people watching was great but it was really loud and you felt like some drunk stranger was going to walk up and grab something off your plate.Other than that, this was a 5 star experience.Big smiley face.
5	Snobbish foodies who contemplate with furrowed brow, the intricate flavors brought forth by the deft hand of the chef, EAT ELSEWHERE!!!  Jaleo is about great traditional and modernist tapas, and a fun experience.The long menu of unfamiliar sounding dishes can be intimidating.  Just remember, more = better.  The menu is cohesive.  Each dish compliments or contrasts with others building layers of flavors or creating flavor explosions.  You can throw darts blindly at it and every selection would work together.  Don't get caught up in the details.  Dining on tapas should be social and fun!After multiple visits, and tasting almost the entire menu, lets just say, my taste may not be the same as yours so rather than making specific dish recommendations, here are some general guidelines:- Follow Andre Zimmern's maxim:  if it sounds good, eat it.  Try, try, try.  - Do not pass on the jamones produced by Fermin (Spanish hams).  This is one of the few places that you can eat the real deal in the States.  The acorn fed, black footed pig has a very unfamiliar taste and might not be for everyone but try, try, try.- Spanish wines and sherries pair perfectly with the tapas (mixed drinks, beer, and new world wines don't).  Unfamiliar with wines Spanish wines?  Ask for a recommendation.  The restaurant has a great selection by the glass.  Try, try, try.- Keep it social.  Eat, drink (pass around a poron - just stick to the cava if you never tried it before so you don't stain your clothes), and enjoy!Note:  Jaleo houses the incredible E, restaurant in a restaurant.  It's Jaleo on steroids.  See the reviewsDining is an experience.  At Jaleo, your experience depends on you.  Live, love and enjoy!
4	Plenty of great restaurants in Las Vegas take themselves way too seriously. I loved Jaleo because while they serve excellent food they do it in a playful way. You're not going to find food served in sneakers (yes, I said SNEAKERS) at the new Gordon Ramsay Steak.Located on the 2nd floor at the Cosmopolitan with a bunch of other restaurants (STK, China Poblano, etc.) the decor is modern Spanish with a mix of hightop, lowtop, and booth tables.To order drinks you the waiter gives you an ipad to look up all their selections. The app was very easy to use and ended up being handy versus gimmicky. The Cuba Libre was one of the best "rum/coke" drinks I've ever had. With a cinnamon stick, bitters, and a giant sphere ice cube served in a red wine glass it was as beautiful as it was tasty. My date had the Jaleo bramble which because of the cucumber water and berry puree tasted very fresh.On to the food!Patatas Bravas (fried potatoes): A simple dish, but one of the best. Nicely fried with a delicious red sauce and aioli . These disappeared very quickly.Gambas al Ajillo (shrimp with garlic sauce): The sauce on this dish rocked my world. Garlicky of course, but with a very deep flavor. We both wished for bread to get some more of the sauce. Rape Donostiarra (monkfish with sherry): Very thinly sliced monkfish, which tastes similarly to lobster. Light sherry/olive oil sauce which was mild to let the taste of the fish through.Mejillones Vapor (mussels with lemon and olive oil): Mussels were very little and the ones that weren't gritty tasted excellent. Sauce was very buttery, but went well with the mussels.Setas al Ajillo (wild mushrooms): Hen of the woods mushrooms with a side of mashed potatoes. Really liked the potatoes, but the mushrooms tasted like mushrooms with nothing on them.Overall a wonderful meal, made excellent with a few drinks and a beautiful date. It's a great first stop before heading out to Marquee!
5	Debbie and I had a rocking time at Jaleo in the Cosmopolitan Hotel.We were seated promptly and courteously and the open room was a pleasure.David, the Assistant General Manager, made our nite....showing us the Paella Pan seated over a glowing, orange open fire....close up....and then we couldn't resist the aroma of that wonderful seafood flavored rice.Two server gals were right on the money.....and gooood natured. They gave us just the table that we had asked for....looking out at the crowd and the hip, Cosmopolitan Hotel decor.Debbie marveled at the black garlic soup (with egg) and we both devoured the patatas bravas, flavored with a wonderful red sauce.Spanish tuna tapas (on crisp flouta) and bacon wrapped chorizo kept the sangria fueled tapas orgy going.Having just returned from Madrid (tapas at La Chata), the Bourne District in Barcelona....and the "No. 6" tapas charmer in Sevilla.....we were not expecting to be bowled over in Las Vegas.But, we were......and are looking forward to visiting Jaleo once again...and smiling all the way thru.
5	I'm in Vegas 3 or 4 times a year for work or vacation and I'm always looking for new places to eat. On vacation with my wife in September (2012), we went to Jaleo and had our minds blown!! This place is pricey, but worth it.The whole experience was amazing - the food, the service, the big open kitchen, the drinks - I can't wait to go back. Highest quality ingredients and cooked in a very unique way. Both of us are thinking we'll have to go at least 2 or 3 more times to try all the amazing dishes we saw on the menu.
3	Jaleo is pretty attractive with its red decor inside Cosmopolitan. First time trying Spanish cuisine so I didn't have much expectation. The place serves tapas style dishes, so it's best if each of your group orders 1-2 and all share. They have their paella made in the middle of the restaurant, so you can look at the whole process like a show. They only serve one type of paella for the day. We were pretty lucky to go on the day they served lobster paella.Their lobster paella which was very delicious. Not overly salty or burnt like I've had at other places. The plate set up was vibrant in colors making my tummy growl. We also ordered their veal cheeks, which was very tender and juicy. I had this caviar and yolk bread spread too but it wasn't extremely impressive. It lacked flavors and textures.
5	Part I : Cosmo Food CrawlBeing a resident in this surreal city, (think adult Disneyland) we have so much available at our fingertips; it can be overwhelming and after a while, one can get jaded over the constant barrage of overstimuli pounding at you like a sobakawa pillow repeatedly beating your face.  But, you gotta take advantage of what's available to you, so we regularly don our armor, spray ourselves with tourist repellent and trek on over to the strip (consequently we have to burn our clothes from all the smoke)... We don't normally drink so we come up with other amusements...So instead of a Pub Crawl, we do a Foodie Crawl; where we go to several restaurants, dine on their signature dishes and enjoy multiple ambiences... which turns out to to be an entertaining nite!!The Cosmopolitan is the perfect destination for such a night; there's dedicated restaurant floors so each venue is in close proximity, they are as diverse in cuisine as well as ambience and there's exists a perennial, 'hipper than thou' vibe that makes it conducive people watching and casually hopping in and out of venues sans guilt...JALEOJose Andre's Jaleo has to be the BEST restaurant on the Strip; with Tapas cuisine winning an all-time, hipster popularity contest (probably due to its small portions so they don't overeat..those thin emaciated waifs and emos) the food served here is bar none the best Spanish cuisine you'll find anywhere (LA has the Bazaar which we love too, but Jaleo has a more casual upbeat ambience that suits us so well).And it's our first stop at the Food Crawl, where we parked ourselves at the Bar (no reservations necessary) and thus started an evening of debauchery and culinary mayhem....The first to do upon arrival arrive is to get a carafe of their Sangria, it's the best ever- it's got hints of Cinnamon and even Apples in it!  It's lighter than most and has just a clean finish to it (Sangria has a tendency to be either sickenly sweet or harsh from the cheap Wine) neither which you will get when you order Sangria form Jaleo.  It's memorable and quite addictive; forever ruining Sangria ordered anywhere else..Pan con Tomate y Jamon Serrano: A classic Spanish dish and great way to open up your taste buds is the Toasted Bread with Tomatoes on top with Serrano Ham, drizzled with a touch of Spanish Olive Oil. The heavenliness is in the crunchy carbs married with soft, acidic texture and creaminess of fat. it sates all senses and leaves the appetite wanting more...To balance the meal a bit, we ordered a Salad, the Remolacha con Citricos: Salad of Red Beets + Citrus +La Peral Cheese + Pistachios + Sherry Dressing.  The salad was balanced and harmonious with that unique flavor that Beets have with a mild acidity that was pleasant.A great little dish to get at Jaleo is the Mixed Olives, Aceitunas Rellenas y Aceintunas Ferran Adria:  Olives stuffed w/ Anchovy + Piquillo and Ferran Adria Liquid Olives.  This little number is awesome with drinks; salty, briny and bathed in luxurious Olive Oil, both traditional and avant grade version entertain the palate, as wells the mind.There are so many dishes at Jaleo that are so awesome and deserve special recognition; the Sunday Roasted Pig and the Lobster Paella to name a few.  But due to timing issues, we weren't able to order those, so the highlighted dish is a special favorite in the seafood category, Calamares en su Tinta: Basque style Squid Stew with Ink.  I'm a firm believer that that this may be the best, softest Squid that I have ever had; the Ink sauce was so savory in conjunction with the lime colored concoction which I wasn't' able to recognize, but relished it with fervor. I can't say I remember it with Ramps and Micro Greens but it's added value in any case.It was truly hard to tear ourselves away from Jaleo, but we were on a mission to explore and more needed to be done.  So down the hatch with our last sip of Sangria and moved On To The Next One (Hold up freeze. Somebody bring me back some money please....)
5	This place is ridiculously good. Our waiter Donnie did all the ordering for us. Everything was just as delicious as the next. Mouth watering flavors and textures. The veal cheek was to die for.
5	It's safe to say that this is the best tapas restaurant I have been to. While the quail was nothing special, the almond and garlic cold soup was superb. If you are in Vegas, be sure to go here. The setting is hip and trendy and the menu is packed with good choices. I didn't try the g&t but it claimed to be great. It's above the chandelier bar in the Cosmopolitan. Be sure to stop by for a great meal in Vegas.
4	We arrived this past Sunday night at 615pm and it was half full...30 minutes later the place was packed and the dining scene was on. Jalmon Serrano as an opener was smoothly cut and the taste spoke for itself. Brussel Sprout salad, seared scallops and some Pappas Argula were all nicely presented and tasty.Carne Asada in nice thin slices and shrimp in some garlic sauce were outstanding too. The quality of the ingredients used here at Jaleo are simply superior to Spaniard restaurants I've dined in around the Socal area. Service was rapid and helpful..we'll be back.
4	After years of seeing Jose Andres on TV, I finally got to try some of his food and I was not disappointed. My wife and I ordered the chorizo with papas, 1/2 carafe of sangria, jamon of the tomato garlic toast, tempura shrimp, onion tortilla espanola and a spinach salad. All of the dishes were balanced and well executed. I really enjoyed the shrimp and the toast tasted exactly how I've had it in Madrid. The sangria was perfect for me and light enough for my wife to enjoy it. The only bummer was that the chorizo was a tad spicy and it caught you off guard, since I don't see Spanish food as spicy. Overall it was a great experience and I would highly recommend it to my friends.
1	Went to Jaleo Friday night with a group for dinner before going out.  We ended up at one of the tables outside of the restaurant, which I'm sure started us off with a completely different experience than we would have had if we had dined in the restaurant.  Our group was 7 girls and none of us were particularly hungry.  We ordered 8-10 tapas plates.  Each one that came out lacked in presentation (the chorizo looked like sausage I could have bought at the grocery store, cut up, put on a place and set out at home), was very small (and that's coming from someone who lived in NY for years), and really, nothing we had was exceptional.  The food was alright, nothing to write home about or bother going back for and I didn't like the sangria at all. They also didn't have the lobster paella, which we knew we wanted to order.  They didn't have any of the paella, but said if we wanted one we could order an entire pan, which was 6 servings ($30-56 a serving).  Oh, and heads up, the paella takes 45 minutes, so if you want to order it, know that right off.  All in all, we just expected a lot more.
4	i REALLY liked this place. i love tapas so that may be it. i LOVE the diverse menu and all the great ingredients. i can't tell you everything we had since we ordered a TON of food. heres my best attempt to recall everything ordered:-sardines on sliced toasted french bread - great-chix croquettes served in a shoes - bleh-paella which was beef and mushrooms - superb-lamb ribs - im not a big fan of lamb but this was phenom-i know we got like 3-4 more dishes but i can't remember. the paella was awesome though but ask for it ahead of time as it takes time and it varies. i also love the seating and lay out of the place. not stuffy at alli really wish i got dessert so i could see what they did with that but i was sick. wait did i get dessert? i can't rememberJEANS: OK by farORDER: wait staffmichelle provided great service
4	This is a place to fall in love with modern Spanish tapas.  It it's your first time, ask the waiter to suggest some of the signature dishes.  The veal cheeks, (I know, doesn't sound exactly good) are amazing.  Paella also.  Pricey, but worth it.
5	I came here to celebrate my new job after ice skating at Cosmo and wasn't sure what to expect. It was the only place I could get a reservation at such short notice and nothing on the menu looked THAT amazing. It was also a little pricier than I wanted. While this sounds like the makings of a terrible review, I assure you, it was amazing. Our awesome server Janie was extremely helpful and friendly. She helped us pick out a few things- Croquetas De Pollo, Gambas Al Ajillo, and the Rossejat. They came out in that order and each dish just got better. While I wasn't crazy about the texture of the Rossejat, the flavor was great. My friend and I split the flan for dessert and it was possibly the best flan I've ever had. The sorbet that was served with it provided a great contrast of flavors and really complemented the dessert (as pretentious as that sounds, I can't find another way to describe it). I also had an Open Table check which took $20 off the bill and the manager actually knew what it was and didn't hassle me. Sweet!! One of the best dinners I've had in a while.
1	COMPLETE DISSAPOINTMENT...RUINED MY BIRTHDAY!I was in Las Vegas celebrating a significant birthday and was looking for a special place to have dinner. Upon reading the multiple positive reviews of this restaurant, I was completely fooled into trying it out. Had I known the quality of the food would be inferior, the customer service would be extremely poor and that I would have to fight with the manager to get a burnt paella dish off of my bill, I would have NEVER EVER visited this restaurant. I wish that I could have gone with my 2nd dining choice of TAO or for that sake, anything else would have been better than dining at Jaleo since I was very dissatisfied and they totally ruined my birthday dinner.The night was off to a good start with our drinks. We ordered a variety of tapas including Gambas al ajillo, patatas bravas and croquetas de pollo. Though the portions were extremely small for the price of each dish, they were savory and had good flavor. My expectations were high for the grilled skirt steak (carne asada con piquillos) and the black noodle paella with shrimp (Fideua Negra on Calarmares y Gambas). I was hoping these dishes would be heartier because despite having enjoyed the other dishes I was still feeling very hungry. I was disappointed when I saw the small size of the steak that was cut into 4-5 small pieces) and at this time I started to get upset with the small portions and the price for each (just the small steak was $16). I was even more disappointed with the paella because again, not only was the portion small (and $25), the shrimp turned out to be bite sized pieces (like they'd taken a regular size shrimp and cut it into 4 smaller pieces), but the dish was also burnt! We discovered the dish was burned at the bottom because we were all so hungry from not getting our fill from the small portions of the dished we'd already eaten and were digging into the paella trying to eat as much of it as possible. We were only able to eat about half of it because the remainder of the dish was a crusty, burnt mess that was stuck to the bottom of the pan (similar to what would happen when you make rice at home and you don't add enough water and it sticks). When we brought the issue up to the waiter he said "I do apologize, but we have some new apprentice people in the kitchen" and asked if we wanted a new dish. We said no because it would take about a half hour to make and by this time, it was close to 11:30 pm. Plus, I was already extremely disappointed with the food and wanted to leave. I told the waiter we were upset by the quality of the food and a few minutes later a manger came to our table to ask if everything was OK. I told her (I believe her name was Andrea) that I was surprised and disappointed that a restaurant of this caliber would be serving food that was burned and of inferior quality. Rather than accepting fault for the obviously burned paella which was at the table, she chastised us and said we should have brought the issue up sooner and that we had probably enjoyed it because we got to the bottom of the pan and that's where the burnt part was. I couldn't believe she was actually making us feel guilty for eating the dish and not bringing it up sooner. She tried to make up for it by bringing me a dessert, however I was celebrating my birthday and in most restaurants, a dessert is complimentary, so I was still not satisfied. When our bill came I was furious to see that they were still charging us the $25 for the burned paella. I brought it up to the waiter and he was flustered and didn't know what to do. Again, Andrea came to the table and said she thought they had made good on the burned dish by bringing out the dessert. I told her that I would absolutely NOT pay for the dish that was burned and that I was extremely upset for having dined at this restaurant which I thought would be of much higher quality given its inside one of Vegas's new hotels. After practically having to fight to have them take the dish off of my bill, they did indeed remove the charge, but I was already very upset and felt we had not been given the good quality service we deserved, especially for celebrating my birthday.Bottom line, I will NEVER EVER return to this place or recommend it to others. Prices are high, portions are very small, customer service was bad and they completely ruined my birthday dinner!
3	First i want to say that this place is a toss up between 3-4 stars.  Me and 2 other friends ordered around 10 dishes between us and i'd say 2 of them were not very good, 2 were exceptional and 6 were pretty good.  Overall i think that's a winThe seared squid with ink sauce was tender and not chewy,  the mushrooms with mashed potatoes had this blue cheese puree in it that i thought was genius.  The braised veal cheeks were not bad,  the pork and foie grais canellones could have done with more foie gras flavor,  the 3 cheese platter i selected was very sub par (maybe i just picked the 3 off the list that sucked? :P ).The beer selection is extremely limitedThe service was prompt, polite and overall 4 star worthyThe price was not too bad with it coming out to around 90 dollars a person for a total of 10 dishes and 6 beers.
4	Do yourself a favor and order the bacon-wrapped figs, some Serrano ham and a selection of cheeses. This is a terrific way to start out your evening and all go great with a terrific selection of beverages. Their house gin & tonic is made with Hendrick's. Enough said!
5	From a vegan perspective is this place is an excellent option on the strip, the waiters are very knowledgeable about what menu items are vegan as well as which can be modified to be vegan - they were even careful to give us the right bread.    Everything was an absolutely delicious culinary experience and there was more than enough dishes to choose from.  The line and crowd in front made us concerned that it would be uncomfortably packed and too close for comfort inside but that was not the case at all - its busy but very comfortable and great service.  Extra tip - definitely get the gin and tonic.
5	incredible experience.  most of the tapas were superb; a few were ok.  but the vibe, waitstaff, great tapas and wine motivate 5 stars.  i will 100% be back to this place during future vegas trips
3	An ok dinner experience.  The food was good, but...  I'm a big fan of tapas, but the portions are extremely small.  We were all hungry after dinner.  Sangria is good here.  With all the other Spanish and tapas style choices in Las Vegas, I would not return.
5	Three visits to Jaleo at the Cosmopolitan and each time I've left more impressed than the last time. This past visit was with a party of six. Their menu is always intimidating because of the number of dishes available, so instead of debating which to order we opted for a tasting menu. Similar to an omakase, we left the decision making in the hands of our waiter and the kitchen, although we mentioned a couple specific items that we wanted. Our waiter said it would be about $50 per person for the food.What followed was a gluttonous feast of about 13 dishes plus two desserts that were almost all amazing. Our meal consisted of:Pan con tomate (2 orders) - toasted slices of crispy bread brushed with fresh tomatoThree queso (2) - cheese platterJamon serrano (3) - 18-month salt-cured hamEspinacas (2) - sauteed spinach, pine nuts, raisins and applesBruselas de jamon (2) - warm brussels sprouts salad with apricots, apple and serrano hamGambas al ajillo (2) - shrimp sauteed with garlicPulpo a feira (2) - boiled octopus with potatoes, pimenton and olive oilMejillones al vapor (1) - steamed mussels with bay leaf, lemon and olive oilCalamares tinta (2) - seared fresh squid with squid ink sauce, artichokes and pearl onionsCarne asada (2) - grilled skirt steak with piquillo pepper confitCodorniz Catalan (2) - grilled whole quail with apple puree and pinenutsEnsalada Malaguena (1) - traditional salad from malaga of Spanish cod, oranges, potato and black olivesPaella Iberico (1) - made with the ribs of Iberico pigsFlan (1) - classic Spanish flan with espuma of Catalan cream and orangesPan con chocolat (1) - chocolate cake with hazelnut praline ice cream and salted caramel sauceThe spinach dish sounds simple but the flavors that they were able to coax out of those common ingredients was unforgettable. Even if you're not a fan of those leafy greens chances are you'll love it. Other favorites were the mussels (much better than the previous time I had them), quail, and the squid, a dish as beautiful as it was delicious.I could probably list all as my favorites because each was well executed. Some caught our attention with bold and complex flavors while others were more subtle, yet just as refined. It was an excellent mix that showcased the ingredients and the chefs' skills. The relaxed pace of the meal (about two and a half hours) gave us plenty of time to appreciate each dish and try plenty of cocktails and sangria.After it was all said and done, we walked out spending about $120 a person (including alcohol, tax and tip). For an outstanding meal on the Strip that's more than reasonable.
5	After winning a small jackpot at cosmopolitan we dedicated our prize to this amazing dinner experience on Christmas eve dinner. We had their bellota paella, patas brava, white asparagus, shrimp in garlic tomato sauce, and the lamb ribs. Everything was made to perfection and tasty. Our server was amazing and very helpful in helping us ordering and accommodated us with two of the best desserts I have ever had on the house because according to him some of our dishes took a bit longer to come out. Will definitely go back and try more dishes.
4	We had been to E inside Jaleo so we had high expectations for this meal, It did not disappoint. We had all kinds of stuff, the ones that stood out were the mini sandwich with the ham and cheese, the fried bacon wrapped dates. Those were so good we ordered a second one. We had about 10 dishes a cheese plate with three cheese and ginger ale the total came out to 145.00 before tip.
5	Very fun joint and menu. Lots of options for vegetarians.  Loved the endive con queso and the papas arrugas.  And a bit of sherry as well.  Yum!
3	On my Blog, http://shineandsparklereport.blogspot.com/   I just posted about how how to achieve those weigh loss resolution goals.  I should have mentioned Jaleo as one of those ways.High quality, fresh, and tasty food is abundant here.  The egg tortilla was simply the best egg dish I have ever consumed in my life.  But the prices are pretty high for small portions.  I know you are supposed to share multiple dishes, but there isn't a whole lot in each dish to share.  Splitting with two people is ok, but with a larger group?  Forget about it.  Each dish really just has enough maybe 2-3 bites. I'd say that this place is great if you are not that hungry and want some tasty bites or want to lose a few pounds.  But if you are any normal level of hungry, your money is probably better spent somewhere else.
5	I have no idea how others have rated this so low...Visited Jaleo this Friday night during my yearly trip to CES.  My wife and I were seated promptly with our reservation, with Erik being our waiter.  Erik took our order, and offered his recommendations on our ideas, including recommending a fantastic beer, and some additional/replacement food options to our original ideas.  He wasn't pushy...just offered some alternatives that he thought we would enjoy...which we did.The food is fantastic.  We had croquets, roasted peppers with goat cheese, hamon, bread with tomato, vermicelli with seafood...all were fantastic, even the peppers (which I am usually not a huge fan of).The entire staff was hyper-attentive all night, including constantly clearing spent dishes, wiping the table of any small spill.  Special kudos for allowing us to enjoy our meal, at our own pace, even though the place was absolutely hopping.Big, big thumbs up.  We'll see you next year!
4	In Top Chef Seattle (Restaurant Wars episode), Tom Colicchio mentioned that diners try a restaurant for the food, but return for the service. This is one of the cases. The food here isn't outstanding or the best I've ever had. It's good, but the atmosphere & people make it memorable.Everyone that worked at Jaleo was super attentive, friendly, & joking around with us (I mentioned that I'd like the whole garlic bulb when they brought out the giant paella pan, and one of the waiters ended up bringing me all three of them on a plate!). Gazpacho shooter was a highlight. The croquettes were yummy. The paella needs some work. Food presentation was definitely a highlight. Check out how they serve the croquettes!
4	Prices are very high and the plates are small- but it is so good!My favorite thing by far is the Pan De Cristal Con Tomate Fresco, which is toasted bread with a very flavorful tomato sauce on top. It's addictive. The best place to sit is at the island bar, where you get to see them make appetizers and most seafood plates.If you are really hungry and want a lot of food, but don't like high prices, this is not a place for you. But, if you want a small meal full of flavor and don't care about the price, then you should seriously consider coming here once in your life.
2	Overrated, overpriced, and at best, an average tapas place. Good things: The atmosphere was terrific, and the service was very good. bringing food in a sneaker was a turn off.
4	Chicken in the shoe is the best dish there.  Hands down.  No I don't like feet.
1	Very suprised at Jose Andres , not that I expect him to be overseeing things but it could be much better. I liked the layout of the restaurant, that's about it. The Sangria was watered down red wine. The "Jose's gin n tonic $17" was nothing special. Pulpo $12 for 10 nickel-sized pieces was served with no seasalt at all, I would've added my own if there was salt around anywhere. I asked for some bread and got three triangle pieces, ok . Then I saw $3 on the check for bread ???? The Paella Iberico was extremely salty $36 for a Tapa. Two people $251.00 plus tip. Very overpriced for what is served.
5	Back again and although I was really jonesing for E in the back, it was short notice and once again Jaleo was great.  Started off with one of the best gin and tonic drinks I have ever had.  We then ordered a series of tapas and was once again delighted course after course.One slight criticism, we ordered the Jamon Belotta Fermin and it was sort of a dump of sliced jamon all mangled together. Still tasty but the slices should have been laid out for easy eating. No big deal but worth mentioning in case management is reading.My favorites remain the salmon roe cone and Jose Andrea's mother's recipe Flan for dessert.
2	I'm sorry, but I was very disappointed.  Although the decor and atmosphere was very nice, the food was mediocre at best.  Tapas portions ranged from minuscule to fair.  It just screamed of tourist trap dining.  We went to firefly (inadvertently) the next night and the difference was unbelievable.  If you are in the mood for tapas, do yourself a favor and skip Jaleo.
2	Honestly, not my fav. The portions are beyond small. They're tiny!The mussels weren't great. No extra broth at all so they weren't moist. Comes with one slice of bread and if you ask for more they'll charge you. Really? Yes, really. This restaurants took small plates to a whole different level. I'm talking bite size small. My favorites were the Garlic shrimp and Pan De Cristal Con Tomato Fresco.
3	I really have mixed feeling about this restaurant.I loved some of the items such as the Almond soup which is out of this world.However the tomato covered bread is just not good!!The portions are way too small.Our first server was not good at all. He had failed to really go through their protocol presentation.It is only through chance that we found out how they normally like to serve the guests.Our temporary server whom we asked to stay on really was amazing. she took her time to explain how they guest will experience the dishes and the history on the chef.This made everything make so much more sense.
1	Way to pricy for what you get! Food was just ok, kind of bazaar place overall.
5	Un-effin-believable! Fantastic food! Some of the best dining I've ever had. Quite expensive, as far as tapas go. However, the menu is extensive, and the quality of food is top notch. The service was good, and the atmosphere is nice, as long as you aren't on the extreme exterior of the restaurant. LV is very expensive for quality dining, but this place can be cheaper, if you limit the # of dishes you order. If I ever go back to LV, I will certainly come back to Jaleo.
2	Another restaurant in the cosmopolitan that is overrated and overpriced! 100.00 per person and we left hungry. tiny portions and less than special paella!
5	This might be the favorite of the many great restaurants I ate at in Vegas. The space is beautifully appointed, the food was perfect and beautifully presented and our server, Andrew, was the best. He was especially helpful when it came to making suggestions. We started with a pitcher of the sparkling white sangria which is prepared table side and has fresh raspberries and blackberries along with some citrus fruit in it. Only the berries find their way into your glass which was nice. We had chicken croquettes served in a sneaker, quail, chicken with a garlic sauce, patatas bravas, and empanadas for the table. All were good, the empanadas being the only one we wouldn't have reordered had we gone back. They were good, but everything else was better and we'd swap out to try something else. Andrew was fun and attentive and made sure to pop a candle in our exchange students chocolately good dessert; we were celebrating her 1/2 birthday.Awesome, awesome, awesome.
5	Second time in Vegas and a friend and I choose Jaleo to have a Late dinner after work.  Great food and a great time!!!Love the ribs am soft cheese!
2	Ok dishes... The tiniest portion size (and yes I know tapas... that wasn't even a sample!) and service was nil.  I've never felt so ignored and neglected at a restaurant in my life... We brought a group of 9 people with us... so it's not like it was the largest party either... It wasn't that busy considering it was a Thursday night and on top of that when someone orders sangria for 4 people, that means only 4 will want it... so please don't bring cups and enough for all 9 guests and charge us for 9 when only 4 was specified... We even gave you 5 cups back
4	Best sangria I've ever had at a restaurant, hands down. Excellent paella with a wonderful selection of styles available. Service is great. Very lively place to eat. I enjoy sitting at the bar and people watching. Highly recommended.
4	The steeper the bill becomes, the better the food is ??? In this instance, it is correct. With the bill coming out to about $250 for four people. We sure got our monies worth. We ordered a plethora or goodies. Everything was great in its own righteousness. We also shared a carafe of sangria which wasn't too bad and topped off with the olive oil ice cream.. yumm.It's a tapas place so everything comes in small portion, though each plate is an average of $12/ea. It's worth it. You have to try the chicken frittatas that comes in a shoe!Worth the experience. A more detail list of how everything went will follow.
4	Okay, if you have read my reviews of Jose Andres' other restaurants, you know I consider him some sort of crazy, manic food genius.  So it won't come as any surprise that we thoroughly enjoyed our meal at his Vegas outpost.  Much better atmosphere and vibe than his DC restaurant by the same name, although nothing can compare to the culinary madness of his Hollywood outpost, Bazaar.As other reviewers have commented, the plates are small, and the prices are a tad on the high side.  But as usual with Andres, the dishes are creative, the presentation is beautiful, and the ingredients are outstanding.The pan con tomate was very authentic and the bread was great.  The seleccion de embutidos (various Spanish hams and sausages) was of course amazing (you can't screw up good chorizo or jamon iberico de bellotas).  The bacon wrapped dates were a very nicely done rendition of this Spanish classic.  The olives two ways (a la Feran Adria) are always a delight, especially the molecular liquid olives, and this version featured a black olive, very different from the green olive versions we have had before.  The high point of the entire meal may have been the veal cheeks, slowly braised until they were fall-apart tender, and served with some creamy mashed potatoes and a couple of lovely home-made potato chips.  The gambas al ajillo was the only dish we didn't enjoy - too much tomatoes (we prefer just garlic and oil).  The wine list is outstanding, and we had a couple of excellent Spanish reds with our dinner.As always with Andres, an outstanding meal and a wonderful experience!
4	A little pricey for tapas, it was $440 for 4 people (including tip, 3 bottles of wine and one cocktail - the wine was $117). The cooked tapas were delicious and so was the desert. The items that were NOT worth it were the chorizo, 8 tiny rounds, and the Jamon Iberico of acorn fed pigs, 4 thin slices at $24, total waste of money, didn't even taste good. If you stay away from the cheese plates and charcuterie you will probably be very happy with the selection.
5	I came here with my co workers for dinner and it blew my mind. We started the night with a bottle of red wine and a flask of sangria. We ordered the chef's choice. I don't even know half the stuff that came out but everything was amazing. One of the exotic food that blew my mind was the chicken liver? It looked like they melted cheese on top of it or something but it was really tasty. Tiny portions but somehow I left really full. I felt like I've tasted a little bit of everything. I would definitely love to go back to this place.
1	sorry, this place is all about nothing...the girl at the desk is not nice...had a reservation for 830 showed up at 810...was seated at 840...the food was terrible!!!! the shrimp in tomato was awful, the sauce was equal to that of chef boy ardee....the brussel sprout salad was awful, the bread with cheese on top was just that...the skirt steak was awful...the waitress was miserable...seriously dont recommend!!
4	Prices are high but these tapas are well-executed, inventive, delicious little flavor bombs in a pretty restaurant in Vegas. Cocktails are excellent - I had a negroni made with tomato water. We were a large group and asked the waitress just to feed us, for about $50 per person. She was great - we had a few DUDES with us so in addition to the tapas she also brought out two massive steaks, which finally got everyone to their food tipping point. Winners: pan con tomate with manchego, croquetas (though why they serve it in a shoe is beyond me), garlic shrimp, patatas bravas, poached lobster salad, fennel with apple, flan.More detail and photos here: http://www.eattalk.net/2013/02/postcard-from-las-vegas.html#.USfVZOgRQtU
5	Dear Jose Andres,Please stop making such delicious food. My bank account hurts.Jaleo has one of the largest menus I've ever seen. Factor in my inability to settle on just a few items, I will get just about everything that peaks my interest... Which unfortunately for me is everything on this massive menu T__T The food here is fabulous. It's not just delicious but creative, innovative and exciting!Jaleo has a 5-star selection of cured meats. I personally like to start my meal with these items. I consider the embutidos to be the money-waster section of the menu. Portion sizes are small. Zero bang for your buck but oh so totally worth it. If you're feeling frisky, opt for the kobe of pork products. You only get like 5-6 slices but the cured ham from the magical unicorn pig from the isles of... gotcha! In all seriousness, get the black-footed Iberico just once. It's supposedly fed only acorns and results in meat that makes your mouth water just looking at it.Vegetable-wise, Jaleo makes an amazing warm brussel sprouts salad with apricots, apple and serrano ham. They only use the outer leaves and they're cooked to perfection so they still have a bit of bite. Its a good enough portion for 2 but you'll want the whole bowl to yourself. Also noteworthy is their sauteed spinach. And where else can you get Liquid Olives? These little suckers are a result of some sweet molecular gastronomy. Little blobs of deliciousness that emulsify on the  palate. Sounds weird but I swear they're amazing. They're served with 'real' olives too. I'm a beet addict and always looking for new ways to prepare them. Their Beet Salad prep is 1. different from every place else (no generic roasted beets with goat cheese) and #2 has pistachios in it--the junk food of nuts.Some of my favorite fried items include the Bacon-Wrapped Dates (nothing special but still delicious), the fried eggplant, and the Cod Empanadas (they're served with honey which makes these totally addicting!)Seafood: Gambas al Ajillo (shrimp & garlic) and the Squid w/ Squid Ink. If you're craving mussels, order them elsewhere. The ones here are pretty uninspired.This review is getting a little lengthy so I'll just finish the food stuff by saying the carne asada needs to be ordered. :)How much you spend is entirely dependent on how much food it takes to satiate your appetite and how much meat you order in comparison to the potatoes.  I mean that literally and figuratively. We generally spend $50-80 per person when we come here. Most dishes run $10-20 but of course there are the outliers (like the ham and paella). And drinks are pretty pricy here too. When you have that WTF moment when you see Jose's $17 gin & tonic... trust me and Jose when we say it is THE BEST gin & tonic you will ever have in your life. Juniper Berries are the business. Plus, be endlessly entertained by the ice sphere (which I like to obsess over every time).
5	Best spot in the Cosmo. I tried China Pablano before and was impressed by Jose Andres. It was on the salty side for me, but I thought the food was good. A year later, a friend invited me out to Jaleo. Now this is where the celebrity chef shines. The wait because of Magic was ridiculous. Even with a reservation, we waited half an hour at the bar before our table was ready. That will not be a problem, because we were at the bar. Jose Andres restaurants are known for one drink and that drink is the best gin and tonic ever. This beverage has converted many who swear to not be gin drinkers. It is just that good. Once we got out table, it was an ordering frenzy. I will not even be able to name all of the items that hit our table, because we were flooded from the time the cava punch bowl was set down until it was time for desserts.The highlights were the chilled garlic and almond soup, grilled octopus, iberico pork risotto, rack of lamb, and any dessert with the olive oil ice cream. By the end of our meal, we were ready to be rolled out of the restaurant. Self control was not even an option.
4	Ate here in Jan 2013.  I'm giving 4 stars because it is REALLY loud and pricey.  Food is delicious.  We didn't have one thing that we didn't like.  Loved the gin and tonic oysters as well as the mussels.  The best mussels I've ever had.  (the ones with broth)Drink menu is interesting as well.   Don't think you'll be able to have a nice quiet chat with your dining companions.  CRAZY loud in the restaurant.
4	This is a fun restaurant to go to with a large group. The ambiance and service were great and the food was imaginative.  I liked all the small dishes to share and for the most part everything was delicious.  We asked the waiter to bring us a variety of tapas so we tasted a lot of items and most were very good.  The presentation of one item in a shoe was very unappealing and the pork was tough.  Otherwise fantastic,  colorful and fun.  Our bill with drinks was over $100 per person so be prepared.
2	Drinks were great, atmosphere was ok and service was fine but the food was horrible--way too greasy and expensive.  Very disappointed in this Jose Andres restaurant.
4	Food tastes great, but when the say "small plates" they mean it. Bring your wallet or don't bring an appetite.
5	Excellent food, wine and service. However, if you do not like Spanish cuisine, then this is probably not the place for you. While it is not traditional, it's still Spanish enough; which for us is Heaven! Jose Andres is a genius and Jaleo is a masterpiece. We dine here every time we are in Vegas.
5	This is one of the best places in Vegas.  I've been to way too many big famous chefs' restaurants, and MOST of them were terrible: under deliver, and over priced.  I don't mind spending more, but it must be worthy the price.  I think Jaleo is so far the BEST restaurant in Vegas when it comes to food and drinks.  Service is another story.  But anyway, for the food, I can give in a little for the service.1st of all, we ordered "Jose's gin and tonic".  Because it was labeled "It's the best gin and tonic you will ever have..." on the menu.  Personally, I HATE gin and tonic, but since 'it's the BEST", I had to try it.  They literary "MIX" drinks.  They used long skinny tweezers, carefully pick and put the ingredients in the glass, followed by a 2" diameter clear ice ball (perfectly made ice ball, with no bobble and all clear, trust me, it's NOT easy to make), then they added gin and tonic. 1st sip was "WOW, it's refreshing!"  There was no strong nasty gin taste to it, you could taste the gin, just not the overwhelming nasty one.  $16Usually, most Vegas restaurants take average 15-30 mins to bring food to the table.  But this place was impressively FAST!  The 1st dish was brought to the table within 5 mins, then within 10 mins after the 1st dish, we received all 6 plates of food!  WOW!!!!!The cod empanadas was AMAZING!  Same technique and concept as the Philly cheese steak from Bazaar in SLS Beverly Hills.  It was light and airy, but with a nice concentrated cod favor, not too strong, it was perfect!  And it was well priced at $10.  This is a MUST-TRY.The grill skirt steak with piquillo pepper confit was my favorite!  Perfectly cooked steak, evenly sliced, the pepper was well seasoned.  Actually the pepper taste EXACTLY the same as the Spanish pepper from Rivera downtown LA.  Paellas were good, touch too salty for my taste.  We ordered both the rabbit one and the lobster one.  The rabbit was slightly dry and overcooked, but over all, not bad.  The lobster was EVERY FRESH and PERFECTLY cooked through out!  And you actually get the whole entire lobster!  Great price!  Now I'm really looking forward for my chef's table at Jaleo Washington DC.Most famous chefs opened one restaurant after another, they stopped caring about the food.  I think Jose Andres is the next Wolfgang Puck.  (I've been to a few Wolfgang restaurants, most of them were VERY disappointing: the food was not even good, slow and bad service, the drinks were not special at all, and the prices were way too high for the quality, expect WP24, but it's still a little over priced)   Just hope that all Jose's restaurants will continuing stay consistent.
5	This place is really an amazing stop.  I was in Vegas for a bachelor weekend with my best friend and 4 other guys.  Be stayed at the Jockey club attached to this place.  After some careful planning prior to our trip to Vegas, we came across this place for dinner.  The food was amazing.  The chicken is so tender, and the staff seems very enthusiastic.  I have eaten a lot of tapas at different places across the country, but this is hands down the best I have ever had.  If your in Vegas in the cosmo or near bye.  Check this place out.
2	Hearing all the hype really put my expectations high for this place, but I ended up being disappointed. The staff, ambiance, and location is great! The food...not so much. I ate about $200 worth of food and the only thing I liked was the deep friend dates wrapped with bacon. Overall, not worth it.
4	Wow this place was absolutely amazing! All the food just melted in your mouth to perfection! I was super impressed. One place with great service great drinks AND superb food?? Yes, they had it all!I would definitely recommend this place for good drinks and snacks...(I say snacks because the portions are all smaller then appetizer size) but totally worth it.It was fun it was a very social place and I might hit this place before I go clubbing from now on ;)
5	I swore off Jose Andres establishments after our disastrous experience in Miami, but my wife and brother talked me into it.  I am glad they did because the meal awesome.  Surprisingly Jaleo was the best meal of our trip.   Every dish the server brought out was great.  Service was spotty at times, but the awesome food made up for it!   Go here for your pre-Marquee meal.
4	Loved this place! Visited it with a reservation while in LV at a convention. We were there on a Monday night and it was PACKED! They specialize in Tapas and everything we had was good, or better. The food tasted very fresh which is huge for me. I also want to add we had great service. Check them out.
5	Everything here is great. I ate here 3 times in one weekend. Better Spanish food than anywhere I've eaten in Spain.
4	we had a veritable feast at jaleo during my last trip to las vegas. the experience was lovely! i had been to jaleo in dc and not been particularly impressed, but the vegas restaurant is a whole other story. i loved our experience.it felt like we basically ate and drank our way through espana! yum. we started, por supuesto, with the sangria. which was wonderful. not overly sweet and filled with lots of fruit! we ate...well, alot. we opted for one of the cheese plates, which turned out to be an excellent choice- the cheeses ranged from hard to soft and in taste. we then moved to several of the small dishes, including a chorizo wrapped in a potato (!) and a paella tapa that really stood out. we left stuffed, slightly tipsy and happy. i have to make a special point to say that our waiter was awesome- he totally catered the meal to us, making great suggestions based on what we had previously. he was right on the money with all of his suggestions. though the atmosphere is a little lacking...it sort of feels like a mall restaurant, the food more than makes up for it.
5	What do you think was the best part of my trip to Vegas?  Was it the gambling?  The constant ability to find something to do at any time of day?  The lights and people of the strip?While all of these things make Vegas what it is today- the best part of my recent trip was dinner at Jaleo.On a friend's recommendation, I made a reservation before I got to Vegas just to ensure we could get in.  Getting in didn't seem to be the problem on this Tuesday night as we went early- but by the time we left- every table was filled.  Also know that Jaleo is located in the Cosmopolitan hotel at the top of the bank of elevators.  If you come in on the cab side- you will have to walk all the way through the casino and then head upstairs.We were seated in some funky clear acrylic chairs that had us wondering all night if our "butts looked big in this?"  Kidding . . .but those are some funny chairs!Our server was great making plenty of suggestions and finding me a Spanish wine that would equal my beloved Cab.  They do the ipad thing with their drink selections listed on it- but for this girl- sometimes just asking is the best way.And then-"Ta-da" . . . . THE FOOD!  Our server suggested 6 or so things to share but there were so many things to try that we ended up ordering 8.  Not to worry, there wasn't a smidge of anything left on our table.  In no particular order we had:-Gin and Tonic oysters-Chicken Fritters served in a shoe.  A SHOE!!-White asparagus with thyme served in a sardine can-Lobster salad- very unexpected and fresh-Cauliflower with dates and olives- a god must have created this mixture it was so good-Scallops in a red sauce-Steamed Mussels -Grilled chickenAll were amazing, although I probably would not order the chicken again as it just couldn't stand up to the amazing combination of flavors of the other dishes.And that shoe that the chicken fritters come in was a funny story.  I saw the busser walking around with a shoe on his tray and asked just what was up with that.  He said the chef liked that brand of shoe and that he chose to serve food in it.  As simple as that , and even though neither my friend or l were eating fried or breaded food, we had an order of those darn fritters!A great night out in a city that has a ton of amazing places to eat.  Jaleo has to go on your list of places to check out!
5	YUMMY food!such good red wine.i have no idea what we ordered, but every single dish that came up was really really good.i wish i knew spanish so i know what we ordered, but give it a try...it might surprise you.
5	I traveled through Spain all last winter, so my expectations were high. They were met. Food, wine, and service were spot on. Make sure to order the cauliflower with roasted dates and the veal cheeks.
2	To sum it up in two words: Undeservingly pretentious.  The food was so overpriced for what it was.  Tapas with very fancy names and descriptions that are mediocre taste and presentation.  A carafe of sangria is $50 and it's maybe 1/10th as good as the sangria from Firefly. We ordered a variety of items to share between a group of 6 people.  This included Vieiras Con Salsa De Romesco (scallops), pork and foie gras canelones with bechamel sauce, grilled skirt steak with piquillo pepper confit.  The scallops were 2 tiny little scallops that were presented in such a dismal way that would never have made it past Gordon Ramsay in the show "Hell's Kitchen" (you know, where the scallop station is the death of every contestant!).  They were tiny and drowing in this orange sauce.  The pork and foie gras canelones were probably the best out of all the things we ordered.  No one could detect the foie gras though.  They looked and tasted like little enchiladas so if there was foie gras, it was minced into the pork inside the canelones.  We didn't eat all that much, but our bill was about $900 for the six of us.  If the food had been spectacular, I would have said it was completely worth it, but the food wasn't even "great."  What a waste, but I guess that's the risk you take for wanting to try a different fancy restaurant.  Just because it looks and seems fancy certainly does not guarantee a great culinary experience.Last but not least, the service was all over the place.  Yes the restaurant was very busy, but our servers acted like they were running around with their heads cut off.  For a fine dining restaurant and that price tag, I expected more.
5	Good stuff, definitely check it out when in Vegas!
4	My second time eating at Jaleo!!!  Sat at the bar this time and I have to say that I am so glad that we did.  Enjoyed it much more than sitting at a table.  The bartenders and staff were super chatty and fun and made some great recommendations on drinks - particularly the Gin & Tonics.  SO glad we found out about those!  They were yummy!
3	Ok, so if you haven't gotten on the Tapas bandwagon, it's time.  Ever since traveling to Barcelona a few years ago, I've grown to love tapas.  I simply like small plates in a great social atmosphere!  You can enjoy great cocktails & wine without getting overstuffed on huge, mammoth, super-size meals that is the norm these days.  I really liked the selection of tapas here.  They had a great little shrimp tapas that was simply delicious (sorry name eludes me). Their wine selection was very good; lot's of light to medium bodied reds and refreshing whites to compliment most of all the plates.The place was very, very crowded and unfortunately the service lacked a bit which is why the 3 star.  Could have been an off night for the service team or perhaps they werer simply overwhelmed by the number of people.If yoiu want great atmosphere, good food and drinks, this is a good place.enjoy~!
4	Umm wow! Tapas were DELICIOUS!!Not to mention our party got to be cool and sit on the Fooseball table.  So in between breaks of getting our food served to us, we were playing a competitive game of fooseball.  Might I add that I haven't played in so long, still managed to hold my fork to eat and, oh yes, still managed to keep scoring.We came here on a Friday evening and this place was crowded.  If you are wondering, the fooseball table is not on the inside, we were outside of the restaurant.    As far as tapas go, we had: Remolacha con citricos-Beet salad, beet were cubed up, with orange slices, cheese of course with pistachio nuts and almost like a wine dressing...yum!Rossejat-My first time trying paella, I can't say that I was impressed because the pasta was stuck to the pan and we found ourselves scraping the pan to get something onto our plate.  Flavor was definitely there, you could taste the squid and shrimp throughout. Vieiras con slasa de romesco-OMG, this was my favorite!! This is not your itty bitty scallop.  It is two large scallops flavored in a romesco sauce.  2 pieces don't sound like a lot for $18...but go for it.  It almost gave the Barrymore hardrubs. Canelones tradicionales de cerdo de y pato con salsa bechamel-This was Pork and Foie gras canelones, cooked in cheese.  Okay they had me at Foie gras, I wanted to eat the whole thing to myself.  I was scraping everything off of that plate.  I tried the veel cheeks, sorry didn't get the name but that melted in my mouth and the bread with tomato with manchego cheese  was fresh tomato spread with slices of cheese and that was paired yummy with my Sirah.  Good food and drinks, good fun, thumbs up from me.  A bit on the pricey side, but better than your regular tapa place!
5	I'm actually surprised that the ratings are so low! The food is innovative, visually appealing, and delicious (pan con anchovies is a must try and the pasta paella was exquisite)! The perfect trifecta! The service is exceptional as well. Our waitress was friendly and attentive. When she checked in on me, she gave me a slight rub on my back which I thought was cool because I felt like a friend not just a customer. The chefs were friendly (I sat at the bar) and funny. One of them entertained us all night. And when we dropped a spoon, he hurriedly found a replacement in an instant. Although the bill ended up being a little bit on the pricey side, it was well worth the many dishes I tried. If you've never had tapas before and is in Vegas, I'd highly recommend Jaleo.
1	I have been to "E" And Jaleo on two separate occasions and never had any issues but On Tuesday the 23rd I was in Jaleo eating dinner with my family, And we ordered a lot of food when the croquettes came out I bit into one and there was a HUGE CHICKEN BONE that stabbed me in the mouth. I let the waitress know and she said "it happens" They called over the manager and she offered to call a medic. She did not however offer to compensate anything on my meal. I told her that we did not want to eat anymore and she said that she would bring me my check for the cocktails that we ordered. I would expect this from some restaurants but not one in the cosmopolitan and surly not one that I am going to drop over $400 on one meal. I understand that this happens as they said to me after I was stabbed in the mouth, but the way the staff handled it was not appropriate. I will not be coming back to Jaleo or to the cosmopolitan.
4	New to Vegas, I took the advise of my neighbor and decided to give Jaleo a try because I LoVe tapas.  We went on a Saturday night, so it was crowded and loud.  It was so loud I could hardly focus on reading my menu, but nothing that a cocktail couldn't tame.We tried what felt like the entire menu...Veal cheeks, paella with squid ink and shrimp, little grilled cheese sandwiches, stuffed pasilla peppers, a fried egg with caviar...and the list goes on and on.  The only thing I wasn't a huge fan of was the veal cheeks.  I'm not sure if its because it was the last thing we ate and I was already full, or if I just didn't like the flavor.  Actually I think it was because there was a little tiny calf mooing in my ear with every bite...I'm pretty sure that's what ruined it for me.With as many restaurants as Vegas has I'm not sure if this is a must go back to next week kind of a restaurant, but I'm sure I will be back eventually.
2	I came to Jaleo for my bachelorette dinner party, looking forward to spanish tapas. Now given that Jaleo is at the Cosmopolitan on the strip, I was already anticipating high prices. What I didn't anticipate was: finding it difficult to find the restaurant since it wasn't marked well at all, very tiny portions for what they charged, and no sensitivity to food allergens. First off, it took my group a bit to find the place, with the restaurant not marked properly. Our confusion was resolved when we stumbled on it and they told us we had arrived. We only saw markings for China Poblano, so the confusion never really went away. After we sat down and started reviewing the menu, we started asking the waitress questions about the menu. Thankfully we brought up my allergy to shell fish because the whole fried section of the menu was hands off, even if items didn't have shell fish in it. Turns out they fry everything in the same oil - chicken, dates, shrimp... not a best practice they should continue. The dishes I was able to eat were good, but honestly, the dishes did not go far at all. Due to the fact I was expecting a nicer atmosphere and not having half the menu eliminated from eating because of the frying issue, the lack of food on the small plates really through this place over the edge for me. I would definitely recommend other restaurants in the Cosmopolitan over this one: Holstein's - excellent burgers, Comme Ca - excellent french bistro and STK - good steakhouse.
2	At $50 a person, I think it's fair to hold this place to a high standard. One of our dishes had literally spoiled, smelled like a barnyard floor, and had to be sent back. The chef admitted it had gone bad. Nothing we ordered attained a rarefied level of culinary excellence or elegance. The service was excellent, and I'm sure fancy people are going to continue spending piles of money here, but for this kind of money I won't be giving them a second chance. Ultimately uninspired.
4	Delicious! Best meal we had in Vegas!Fav dish: surprisingly.... white asparagus -1 star for leaving smelling like a campfire.
3	Our experience at Jaleo was just OK. Unfortunately, this location is not as good as others we have tried. My expectations were so much higher having dined at the Bethesda location. Unfortunately, the food was lukewarm and was prepared in advance, instead of being freshly made. In particular, I was disappointed by the paella. The best thing about paella is that it comes steaming hot in a paella pot, with the rice sticking to the pot having a very distinct flavor. It even says on the menu that the waiting time is up to 45 minutes, but our paella came very quickly because it was already cooked in a bigger pot, and it tasted like it was reheated. Our waiter explained that it can be made to order only for parties of 6 or more, so if you are a smaller party it will not be as good. Overall, our dining experience was good, but based on my experience at Jaleo in Bethesda I was disappointed because I was expecting so much more.
5	Jaleo is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas! The food is absolutely delicious, the plates are small (tapas style) so you get to try a lot of different things, and it has a non-stuffy, fun pre-going-out vibe. One of the tables is even a foosball table! I'm actually really surprised some of the reviews rate Jaleo so low...I've never been disappointed with a dinner there.I ate there most recently last Friday night at 9pm with a table of four. Here are some of the foods we ordered that I can remember:salmon cones - these are an absolute must, probably my favorite item on the menu! They come with salmon roe on top too.carne asada - my first time ordering this. we saw it on the table next to us and it was absolutely as good as it looked. cooked medium rare on top of pepperschicken fritters - also our first time trying this. it's not something I would normally order, but we saw our waitress walking through the restaurant carrying a shoe! We asked her what we had to order to have our food served in a shoe, and the chicken fritters it was. They were good, but not stand-out.mussels - I'm not generally a huge mussels fan, but I love these! Served on ice in the shell with an awesome marinade on topsliders - delicious! definitely order the iberico ham on top, and I suggest asking them to leave the aioli offham and manchego grilled cheese - self-explanatorily awesomecheese course - I can't remember the types of cheeses we ordered (the top three on the menu) and all of them were fantastic. they don't serve the cheese with bread or crackers, but they'll bring you bread if you ask! or you can order the bruschetta which is delicious as wellUnfortunately, they had removed the pork and foie gras canelones from the menu, but we were told it's a seasonal item and will be coming back! :)I wish I remembered our servers name because she was really nice and attentive, without being obnoxious about it. When my sister wasn't sure which drink to start with, she let her sample a few wines and then brought her a cocktail with Bramble in the name. (I cannot recommend that drink enough - it tastes like berries and cucumber!) For the four of us, our bill came to about 650, but a lot of that was alcohol. I would guess the food portion was about half of that. We will definitely keep coming back!!
4	Just perusing some of the reviews, I sometimes find it hilariously amusing at what people say they are upset about.  "I can't find it....too confusing....."  Really?  Good grief.Jaleo was very good.  In fact, borderline excellent minus one total miss on a dish.  If you don't know, or are challenged like a few reviewers who "couldn't find it", it is in the Cosmopolitan, if I remember right, on the 3rd floor.  We took the very brilliant route of "reading the sign" that said what floor it was on and took the escalator up.  The space is beautiful, as most new restaurants in the newer hotels are.  Our server was sleepwalking a bit, but the food made up for it.  The salmon crudo and roe in a "cone" was a real showstopper.  Just delicious, and what we started off with (though we ordered 2 more).  We proceeded with some dry-cured Chorizo which was also really delicious.  The "bikini de jamon" were very tasty (little pressed sandwiches) as well as the chicken fritters which literally melted in your mouth.  The meal was really on fire until we hit the paella, which is supposed to be their specialty.  You basically take whichever one they are serving at the time, and ours was chicken and rabbit.  The bottom line is that the meat was severely overcooked.  If it had not been for the amazing dishes before, that would have been a catastrophe, but taken overall, the meal was still great.  We had a monster caraffe of Sangria which was solid, but that is not what you should order.  You order your drinks from an iPad they give you, and the first one you see is "the world's best" gin and tonic.  The server played it up, so we thought what the hell.  We ended up trying all 3 and they were absolutely outstanding.  Really delicious stuff and a must try!Overall, very solid.  Ignore the nonsensical reviews talking about "small portions" and outrageous prices.  I've said this in other reviews, if you walk into a Vegas restaurant in a newer Hotel looking for a bargain, you are just a little out of your comfort zone (how was that for PC??).  They are all stupidly expensive, and in any major city you can have as good or better for less, but this is Vegas.  So either expect it or save it from your dumb review.  *Steps off soap-box*
4	This is one of our most favorite restaurants in Vegas.  The food is pricey but worth it because its so tasty.  The jamon iberico is delicious, and the croquettas are melt-in-your-mouth good.  The pork steak "secreto" is one of the best things I have ever had! Sangria is also very good.  I took a star off because their patatas bravas are more like chips... too much of a deviation from the original.  I loved the service here too.  Our server, Spencer, was excellent. Not only was he very attentive, but he surprised my husband and I when he remembered us from our last visit which was over 8 months ago!  We definitely plan on coming to Jaleo every time we are in town.
5	Food was great, service was excellent... would totally go back.
5	I had a great dinner here while travelling for work. Service was very good. My waitress was attentive without being a stalker and she answered questions well. The food...wow. Excellent combinations of flavors that really work well together - I had the brussels sprouts salad with apricots, apples, green grapes and Iberian ham. Great mix of earthy, sweet, and salty while letting each ingredient shine. I also had the chorizo...very nice. Workerd well with the potato puree and hint of thyme. Loved the extensive Spanish wine menu as well.If you can, sit by one of the stations where you can watch staff prepare food. The meticulous attention to detail fascinated me. Tweezers to select fennel fronds or cilantro leaves for garnish. For real. Can't wait to come back to try some of the other things on the menu.
5	Great establishment. Nice atmosphere. Trendy. Depending on where you sit, you can have a great people watching opportunity.The quail with apple puree was excellent as was the olive oil ice cream. Our waiter suggested a dish that was a flower petal with a clementine and almonds on it that also was exceptional, but I'm not sure what the name of it was. The Citrico cocktail is perfect for a hot Vegas day - the gun carries the grapefruit & mint flavors very nicely.Definitely allow for a nice long leisurely dinner so that you can enjoy your meal the way small plates were intended. We ate 6 plates for 2 people.
5	My friends treated me to a special dinner while we were in Vegas. I know what happens in Vegas is supposed to stay in Vegas, but... tell that to the 5 lbs I gained in 4 days. The new pounds certainly didn't stay in Vegas.We feasted on:1) squid ink pasta (more like vermicelli) with lobsters. The lobster was tasty, but it's the squid ink pasta that stole the show. I would've licked the pan clean if I hadn't been in public.2) panne con tomate with anchovies. You don't like anchovies, you say? Are you scrinching your nose at the thought of anchovies? These are not the anchovies that come in a can. These are fresh, slightly salty, and give a nice depth of flavor to the traditional tomato toast.3) Salad: fennel, walnuts, apple, and manchego cheese. A great start to our dinner. Would be good between the plates too, b/c it was kind of a palate cleanser. 4) cheese plate: we got 1 creamy and 2 hard cheeses. I don't remember the names, but the creamy served with the fig raisin toast was by far the best one. you have to eat these cheeses with the paired garnish.5) Paella: GET SOME. You don't come to a place with the only fire paella pit stand in the US and not get the paella. This is what you smell when you walk by this restaurant and why you came. You should come with a larger group so you can order a few paellas. Ours was a mushroom, roasted suckling pig paella. Mushrooms and pork were great, but again, I just wanted to eat the tender yet crunchy rice.6) Dessert: My taste buds were done by this point; they had been overwhelmed by the above offerings. Or maybe the flan, served with creme fraiche and lemon sorbet, was too delicate to stand out after all the rich flavors that came before. (don't get me wrong. that plate was demolished).
5	I love Spanish Tapas, so this review might be biased.We were half full when we walked into the restaurant, but decided that we still have to try it because of my love for Paella. There are 4 types of paella on the menu, but they only cook one every day, their "daily special". The one available on the day we went was the chicken and rabbit paella with green beans. Well, the chicken was a little too dry, but the rice was yummy and cooked well. The dish was executed well, but lets just say that it would have been my last choice order based on personal preference.We also ordered the salmon tartare with salmon roe cone which was rather interesting to eat. One cone is definitely not enough, even for tapas sized servings :)They had a special dish that day which was a slow roasted pork. We ordered that and it surely did not disappoint. The skin was nice and crisp, and the pork tender but not oily. It worked very well with the sauce too.I have a weakness for Spanish flan, and their flan was easily the best I've ever had. Gosh, I'm salivating as I'm typing this.I wish we had more stomach space to try more items on the menu. Definitely want to come back here again and hopefully try a different paella.
5	So, so glad my husband and I stopped into Jaleo at the Cosmopolitan for drinks before dinner (at another restaurant) on Sunday, June 23.  We loved Oyamel in D.C., so this was a treat.  The place is beautiful, and there were some insanely great smelling paellas cooking in the large, open fire pit in the middle of the restaurant.  Everyone we met was lovely to us - which doesn't always happen in Vegas.  We had drinks and great conversation with Johnny at the bar (ask for him!  you won't be disappointed)  He explained the flash freezing to make dark rum ice cubes and some of the other interesting things they do at Jaleo, answered all of our questions, was utterly charming, PLUS! we even got to try a taste of the rabbit and chicken paella (WOW).  The only regret is I wish we'd stayed for dinner after!
3	This was in our hotel (Cosmopolitan) Very "open" atmosphere, great for people watching. Loved the open kitchen setup so you could watch them cooking (in a very non-traditional way??) I don't eat pork or seafood, so there were very few things on the menu I could order. My friend had the bacon wrapped figs (which she said were delicious!) and I had the chicken in garlic sauce (very good!!) Now keep in mind, these are tapa style, so you're paying $15-$20 for a VERY small plate (mine was nothing but chicken, maybe 5 little slices??) great if you have a large party and everyone is sharing, but not good if you're on a date and want to order a "meal". Wish they had more chicken or beef on the menu, but I would come back again.
4	4 stars for their food... otherwise it'd be 2 for service.Came here with a large group and were seated "outside" (but not really outside).  We ordered many apps to share, such as the fritters served in a shoe (yup), warm endive with goat cheese and pine nuts (something like that... maybe I'm just making it up), warm brussel sprout salad, salmon carpaccio (yum), fried egg topped with caviar (boring, actually, and there was too much egg to caviar ratio that the caviar got lost), and my favorite... the uni toast... omg!  Smokey flavor galore.  Make sure you order that!Now for service: I asked him for his preference between the salmon carpaccio and the salmon/ikura tartare cones.  He salad he preferred the tartare, but I still went with the carpaccio.  He then proceeds to argue with me saying that the carpaccio vinaigrette overpowers the salmon.  Even after I told him I appreciated his suggestion, he kept going and going and going, almost offended that I went with the opposite.  Chill out, you're not the one eating it.  And guess what, the vinaigrette was not overpowering at all, in my opinion.
5	When I saw that Vegas had a Jaleo, I jumped out of my seat, grabbed my phone and made an OpenTable reservation to eat here during my stay. I learned about Jaleo through my fellow foodie co-workers two years ago in D.C. and had my palate blown away during our meal. I got to relive the experience in Vegas this summer and I am happy to say everything was wonderful. The service matched our dining experience and I was reminded why I think Jose Andres is a food genius! The ropa vieja was out of this world!!! The flan was the perfect end. You know I'm coming back. Also, Jaleo has the best white sangria I've ever come across. It only comes in a super serving so make sure you bring a bunch of people along with you.
3	The food was delicious, of course. Not mind blowing, but good. We had the pan con tomate and manchego cheese, gambas al ajillo, croquetas de pollo, and asparagus in romesco sauce. We arrived on the early side, around 5:30, and the restaurant was quiet. We got great service, as you might expect for a not so busy time. The problem? It's just not a good value. They push $20 signature cocktails, which is outlandish, and I felt silly even succumbing to a $15 alternative, which was surprisingly weak. The croquetas de pollo, while delicious and well prepared for fried food, were gone in an instant and felt cheap, like they should half cost at least a few dollars less. Eating them out of a sneaker (yes really) didn't help make them feel expensive. We went into it knowing it would be a splurge (they recommend two or three of these tiny selections per person). And I enjoy fine dining as much as the next guy. But something about it had my brain saying no even as my mouth was saying yes, which put a damper on the whole experience. Call it tapas psychology. If you have the money to spend, well, God Bless America -- go for it. But those of us in the proletariat will be able to find great food in this town at a fairer price.
4	Very delicious. Gotta try the flan, melts in your mouth. Sangria was also very tasty.
5	Jaleo is probably my favorite restaurant at the Cosmopolitan.  The design of the restaurant is fun, modern, upbeat.  The aroma of Paella fills the air and gets the stomach excited right as you walk in!  They offer some exclusive Cavas from Spain that are so crispy and satisfying.  I love Tapas and being able to have a lot of little plates give you the chance to sample a larger variety of dishes.  The stuffed piquillo peppers were outstanding !!  My only complaint is some of the tables are way too close to each other, so if you are a party of two, it can feel like you're having dinner with the table next to you.
4	I thought that the menu was hard to understand what the dishes were exactly about because it was full on Spanish!We got their Paella, which was the most recognizable word out of all the Spanish words on the menu.   They should have a English friendly menu since that is the dominant language in the States!Their Paella tasted great after a pool party in the same place - Marquee!  We ordered up their freshly sliced up sausage.  It was fatty good!  They even showcase the whole, salted meat at the kitchen side as a display!You can tell that this place is all about using fresh, whole ingredients and serving it in tapa, small sized!  Bring a good number of people so you can taste the variety that they offer!Next up, was their tossed up spinach salad and then grilled steak on top of cooked bell peppers.  So-so for both.  We got their garlic chicken and that was alright too.  Pretty pricey, but you get what your pay for! Their signature dish that stood out the most - Gambas Al Ajillo!  Thank goodness we asked the waitress what to recommend!  Their cooked shrimp with the bomb, red sauce was simply amazing!  Don't waste a drip of that sauce!  Pour it over the Paella and it is surely a delight!Service was good and the restaurant was modern and spacious!  The only thing I request for is a English menu, por favor!
3	My first visit to this place was underwhelming. Yet, I have heard many positives about this joint, so I decided to give it another go. Unfortunately, it was much of the same. I have not had a bad dish yet, but nothing has come close to being great. The atmosphere is the same boring chic style that you find all over the Strip now. (Is there one guy doing all of these restaurants? I really do not get the appeal. Maybe I am just not hip anymore.) I had very good service on both visits. For my money, I would do up Firefly, have a more comfortable experience, great tapas, and save some dough.
4	Great atmosphere, nice food, great portion size for Tapas, staff is extremely awesome, very sexy uniforms, got to see the most expensive leg of Proscuitto explained to us by a local chef from Kihei!
4	I can't decide whether to give this place 3 or 4 stars.  I guess I will round it up.Jaleo is the place my boyfriend took me for our anniversary.  We came here on 7/25 for dinner.PAN DE CRISTAL CON PASAMONTES MANCHEGO $12Delicious.  Really authentic light and crispy toast with a fresh tomato paste and a slice of thin manchego cheese.  Just wish we could have gotten more for the price.CROQUETAS DE POLLO $12My favorite.  Delicious croquetas with chicken.  They even came in a little shoe.  Strange, but definitely interesting.  Only 5 in an order.CALAMARES A LA ROMANA $12Eeek.  Well this popped my food-sending-back cherry.  As a server, I have never sent back food.  But even my boyfriend couldn't eat this and we both love calamari.  It was extremely chewy/rubbery which means it was overcooked.BUNUELOS DE BACALAO $14Yum!! I couldn't get enough of this.  I didn't really know what to expect when ordering this so I was surprised when it came out.  It is like little fried balls of creamy codfish.  The honey aioli was so good.  Very rich flavor.PAPAS ARRUGAS $8How can you go wrong with potatoes? Yum.CARNE ASADA CON PIQUILLOS JULIAN DE LODOSA $18So good.  Cooked perfectly.MINI PEPITO DE IBERICO $8I thought my boyfriend was going to die happily once he bit into this.  His favorite part of the meal.We also ordered a sangria ($12) and a cocktail ($16).  I'm going against the odds and saying I did not like the sangria.  I felt like I was back in high school and had to plug my nose, down this, and then chase it with my water.  I don't remember which cocktail my boyfriend ordered, but when it came out I was very confused.  It literally looked like a SHOT.  Not a cocktail, but a shot.  There must have been 2-4 oz at MOST.  The service was okay.  We had a really hard time finding our server to tell her about the calamari/get our check.  She took it off our bill without a problem, which we appreciated.So all in all: I would come back.  But maybe on a half full stomach.  The portions are way smaller than tapas.  Some are bite sized.  And it is extremely overpriced.  Our bill was $120ish and we were still hungry.  Not a good feeling to pay this much and leave hungry.  We were highly considering going to get a slice of pizza at Secret Pizza but had a show to go to. (Which we wouldn't have been late to if it didn't take our server 15 minutes to drop the check). BUT the food was very good.
2	Staying all week at the lovely Cosmopolitan Hotel and had a couple of really good meals (pool grille and China Poblano Chinese and Mexican place) before we gave what looked like an interesting menu a try at Jaleo. Felt utterly exploited at Jaleo. Overpriced plates for very mixed results, drink prices ($20) that would make a hip Manhattan bar sit up and take notice (for nothing special, I might add). We're getting reimbursed and I still felt jerked around and exploited. There are many better options within and nearby the hotel. Exercise those options! One bright light was the decor. That and an eggplant and pepper salad that we paid a ton for for two bites each but was very tasty.
2	I'd give the food 3 stars, but I'm deducting a star for the value (weighing price against quality and quantity) and for an issue with the bill. I came here with a group of 13 girls, and we were required to eat from a $75 per person set menu.  Here's what we were served:* Endives with goat cheese, oranges, almonds * Toasted bread brushed with diced tomato* Jamon * Gazpacho shooters * Roasted red peppers and eggplant* Chicken croquetas * Shrimp sauteed with garlic* Warm Brussels sprouts salad with jamon, apricots, apple* Baby potatoes with mojo verde and mojo rojo* Grilled skirt steak with piquillo pepper confit* Sauteed spinach, pine nuts, raisins, apples* Paella with seasonal vegetables* Spanish flan with orange sorbet and Catalan creamThis might look like a lot of food, but the first 6 items were actually only a bite or two per person. With the exception of the enormous paella (cooked in a pan wider than our table and brought to the table for pictures before it was divvied up), the portions were all fairly small. Several of us were still very hungry at the end of the meal. The endives, gazpacho, and skirt steak were my favorites. I did not like the use of sweet fruit in the Brussels sprouts and spinach. I love paella, and I was not happy with the paella, which tasted smoky and burnt but was not very flavorful otherwise. The croquetas were a bit too salty and were brought to the table in paper cones stuck into black tennis shoes. Nobody explained the significance of the shoe to us, and it felt random to everyone and gross to some. The meal came out to about $104 each (including sangria, tax, and tip), which felt expensive for what we got. I guess you have to factor in the normal Vegas premium and the large group premium.On top of that, we got slightly jipped by Jaleo. The original reservation was for 15 people. One girl didn't make it to Vegas, and the other felt sick and skipped dinner. Jaleo still charged us for all 15 people, even though the servers had confirmed the reduced party size with us. Bad customer service!
3	There is overpriced. Then there are places like Ruth's Chris. Then there is Jaleo, which is in a category by itself.I realize that Vegas is not cheap. But $2.50 for a slice of bread, a $14 appetizer which had exactly 8 anchovy stuffed olives, or a $49 pitcher of sangria that filled 4.5 small glasses is excessive. Everything put on the table was tasty but amazingly small. Waitstaff had a distant attitude. No normal person could possibly have be filled by less than 5-7 of the $10-$15 tapas.Do not go here on an empty stomach or without cash or you might have to go down to the Pawn Stars shop to pawn your watch to pay your tab at Jaleo.
3	Not really worth the price to be honest. It's only so expensive because of the prime location.Food was okay. Nothing is very outstanding in my opinion.
5	Amazing food, electric ambiance, and the best service I have had at a restaurant. Let me just say Syvanna our waitress is an amazing person, she gave us a great experience. She was attentive and went the extra mile.The food was incredible! The Pan De Cristal Pasamontes Manchengo left my mouth watering. Fresh tomato paste spread over toast we manchengo so simple and soo good.Endivias Con Queso De Cabra Y Naranjas We found it so fresh and crisp. Chistorra Envuelta En Patata Frita The right amount of spice in the Chorizo and with a light crisp of the potato was texturally pleasing. Gambas Al AjilloGood, but not the favorite.Paella Valenciana 'rafael Vidal'The rabbit the Paella was perfect. Pan Con ChocolateThe brioche ice cream was to die for. Great way to finish off a meal.Corkage fee on $25 very reasonable!I thought the prices were on point for Jose Andres creations.
5	WOW, tapas at their best.So hard to pick from all of the great items.Corkage fee was only $25 here, I was shocked. All of the items were around $12 and smaller plates. We had the Rabbit Paella which was delicious and a bunch of others.Most notably was the chorizo, the endives, and the Gambillos Al Ajillo. It is really a causal atmosphere which I liked as well. It is not a high end stuffy restaurant. The kitchen is open to everyone and they had a ton of seating.I lived in Barcelona for a couple months and these dishes were true to Spanish Culture. I will definitely be back. Did I mention the Service was amazing as well?My absolute favorite dish was probably the simplest. The manchengo cheese with tomato on bread. WOW
3	OK.  Just OK.We wanted more from this restaurant, seeing as it's a Jose Andres restaurant, and it's nicely decorated and had an interesting menu.We made dinner reservations here on a busy Saturday night to celebrate our 30th birthday.  We arrived and were seated promptly.It was easy to tell the place is loud -- it's open air on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan -- and our waiter was friendly enough.  But, really, the food was just MEH.  And, not even presented all that interestingly, either.  Although tapas-sized portions, they felt like just smaller versions of mediocre food, sadly enough.What we had:Short rib Paella - one of the best dishes of the night, but not nearly as good as other paella I've had in LAChicken fritters - OK.Carne Asada - Great.  But, $22?????Pollo a la parilla - OK.  Not mind blowing.Tortilla de patatas - tasted better than it looked ... but how about a side of fresh tomato to counterpart how dry this dish is?Pan De Cristal con Jamon Serrano - quite good to start off the nightFour people with some drinks came to about $200 before tip.  Not bad, but I wouldn't say the food was even worth half that.We walked right next door to Secret Pizza and had our fill for under $20.  I do love and appreciate fine dining, but Jaleo would not be a choice ever again, sorry.
5	Cannot stand people that complain about the price of a restaurant. What they fail to see is the amount time and technicality it took to execute some of these plates. If you can't afford to splurge do yourself a favor and eat at the goldn nugget, I hear they have an all you can eat dinner buffet. Seriously people......
5	Absolutely incredible. Very nice server and felt welcome with kids. Food is outstanding.
3	We had dinner here tonight, but it wasn't anything to write home about. The service was good, but the food was just okay. The menu is quite large, so thats a plus. Of the things we ordered, my favorite was dessert which was the Pan o Chocolate, the olive oil that's drizzled on it gives it a distinctive flavor. We also had the salmon cones, garlic shrimp, cheese stuffed peppers, and the bacon wrapped dates. The bacon wrapped dates were oilier than I would have liked and also on the salty side.
2	Jaleo suffers from what seemingly all Tapas places in the US suffer from. The whole idea of tapas is to try small portions of a number of different types of food at lower prices. Jaleo provides smaller portions but doesn't have as wide a variety of food as one would hope for and definitely doesn't have the lower prices. Jaleo then suffers from another problem - they fry just about every dish. Spanish food is not necessarily heavy or populated by fried items, but Jaleo's menu is just loaded up with fried options when it simply doesn't need to be. Even the datillos con tocino (dates with bacon - an absolute tapas staple) is fried. i've never seen that, why ruin the dish by frying it?Because of that maybe the best dish we had was the sliced apple and fennel salad - it was just so fresh and such a welcome, refreshing change. The other dish that was very good was the skirt steak with piquillo peppers - another common Tapas dish - that was done well. I love skirt steak so that helps as well since the steak was cooked well. So, yes, I've experienced better.
2	Went here with a few coworkers.  The food was fair but very small portions.  The atmosphere was fun and social but if you are looking for a full meal for a reasonable price do not go to Jaleo.The food was not very good either.  We got the Lobster Paella and it was extremely oily and seasoned poorly.
4	I tried too many things to list, but overall I'm shocked it doesn't have better reviews.  Almost everything I had was very good to great.  My theory is that people who don't usually do much fine dining plan to come here as their special meal in Vegas and are disappointed by how much it costs.  I think the food is overall impressive, and right on par with comparable restaurants in the Area.
2	Finally made it to Jaleo.... after all this time.  Sad to say that I was very disappointed. The restaurant had a great vibe.  It was promising.. then our waiter came.Because I've looked this restaurant up on Yelp.. there was one particular item that I really wanted to get.. so I pulled it up on my phone and showed our waiter.He seemed.. bored first of all.  When I showed him what I wanted, he just kind of nodded and said the name of the dish and walked away.  I guess since we weren't ready....We finally placed our order - about 5 tapas.I don't recall other than the Salmon Roe Cone and the Chicken Fritter thing that was pretty good and was served in a shoe... no clue why.Here's what I remembered from my non-eventful dinner..1. Shrimp in Gambas  - ehhh kind of rubberty2. The fried stuff - Good but nothing that I couldn't get at any mediocre restaurant3. Service - Waitier was not engaged.  Told me at the end of the meal if I didn't like my anchovy dish I should have told him in the beginning... well... I'm sure he noticed that the dish was barely touched when he dropped off the other tapas.  But I do give him props for taking it off my bill.  Sooooooo all in all.. I should have stuck with my fav.. Julian Serrano.Jaleo... Not worth it.PS.. I left "hollow" but didn't want to try any more of the food since every single one was just kind of eh!
5	We had dinner here on a Saturday evening. The restaurant was packed. I muist say that the drinks were outstanding and the food was very competent. Over and above this was a feeling of joy and happiness throughout the restaurant. We literally had a ball dining here and left happy. If you want to have great food and a wonderful time, this is the place to go!!!!!!
4	Very impressed with this place, our server was amazing. The tapas were incredible and loved the sangria!!!
5	This place is great!!!!! Love love love it. Everything was amazing. The only thing we didn't care for was the tomato spread on the bread. Scrapped some of the tomato off and it was great. Mussels, apple salad, Spanish cheeses. Amazing. We went twice. I'd come back every time.
3	Pretty good, really small portions but i guess thats the point. The champagne was good, served in this glass with fresh fruit. I came with a group of fifteen girls so thats probably why the portions turned out so small. Everything was pretty good and uniquely served (one dish was served in a shoe!).Overpriced so probably wouldnt come back.
4	For those complaining about portion size, that's what the carafe of sangria is for. Keep drinking until you don't realize you've paid $12 for two slices of blue cheese (that you realize was worth it before the buzz kicks in). The ambiance is a very relaxed atmosphere, with the staff welcoming to the trendiest of clientele as well as to the fanny-pack-toting tourists. There are 3 kitchens, including one huge wood fired stove for the paella (which is absolutely divine, worth the 45 minute wait). If you're not sure what to get, the staff asks you about your tastes to give you solid recommendations.Here's what we had with our sangria:- watermelon salad (trust, you'll never look at watermelon the same)- the blue cheese, pear and raisin plate- the lomo (which was so good we had it twice)- the garlic shrimp (also had a second round, and dipped just about everything else we ordered in the sauce)- embutido (by itself)- embutido (on bread with cheese - a nicely salted pork pizza)- the paella with ribs (they only make two types a night but you can order one of the others if you're okay with ordering a huge pan for your table)- chicken fritters which looks like coquettes but tastes like chicken pot pie, served in a shoe (yes, that says shoe - it's the chef's homage to a famous athlete)- flan (super good, I'd come back just for this)- chocolate mousse Everything we had was incredibly well seasoned, with no one taste overcoming the other flavors. Yes, the portions are tiny, but it invites you to try multiple dishes with your dinner companions (and to have more sangria - go with the red over the sparkling).So why does this review get only 4 stars?? Our Campers shoe was only a loafer. They brought someone else's chicken fritters in a cool looking high top. Totally got gypped! (I'll probably change it to 5 stars when I sober up; thank God for auto correct)Hats off to the amazing staff and chefs at Jaleo!!! #moresangriaplease
5	Love this place! Whenever I go to Vegas I make it a point to come to Jaleo. Great cocktails and great food. Love the watermelon vodka cocktail. Also, not on the menu but they make the best espresso martini. Not sure why this place got bad reviews. Everytime I come here the food is excellent and the service is great. Tapas style food with good portion sizes. Delicious veggies, cheese and meat. yum! Worth the money.
3	Nice place awesome Staff,Lovely Food.
4	It's another good looking restaurant at the Cosmo.  With lots of red, just lots of color in general, Jaleo gives you lots to look at with its high bar-like tables and chairs, open roasting pit and kitchen, and mosaic-like parts to the ceiling.Given the incredible flavors, I find it very easy to overeat.  My selections are the Kumamotos with gin & tonic.  While good, perhaps a little too much liquor and not enough acidity.  The highlights for me are the warm spinach with pine nuts, raisins and apples, absolutely delicious and begging to be ordered again.  Then the exceptional mini burger using the ever so long roasting Iberico pig.  I only keep the bottom brioche, too much bread and gets in the way of those exceptional flavors.  The marinated lamb loin does not disappoint, the spices and flavors stay with me long after the meal is over.There's a good list of Spanish (and I'm guessing Portuguese) fortified, beers, wines and cavas.  My server is very helpful with the menu, recommendations and making sure I got what I wanted.  I look forward to trying more of their offers.
1	I honestly just hate this place, been here for 2 birthdays and hated it both times.The food tastes mediocre and  the staff is just rude.
4	We dined at Jaleo for my husband's birthday a few days ago. the first test was the wine list - being from Sonoma, the Spanish names were not familiar.  Our waitress, Kristen, was extremely helpful and suggested a great Tempranillo.  We chose several tapas plates to share, and all were so flavorful.  My favorite was the roasted cauliflower with olives and dates - a dreamy mix of savory and sweet.   Second favorite was the Espinaca - a lightly sauteed spinach dish with raisins.  We finished the meal with a beautiful flan, accompanied by a citrus (mandarin?) sorbet.  The only critique would be the noise factor - as it is a very lively and busy restaurant.  Highly recommend this place and would love to go back!
2	Lame.  Totally Lame.My wife and I were very excited to try something different than the usual sushi or steak restaurants on the strip.  We love tapas and have some great options in Boston where we live.  We couldn't wait to try another take on Spanish tapas.Located in the beautiful Cosmopolitan, Jaleo is very cutely decorated and lively.  Our server was pretty rushed the whole evening and was not very attentive.  Unfortunately, the tapas are a real let-down.  We started with the lomo iberico (type of ham) and a selection of Spanish cheese.  Very small pieces and not served with bread.  We had to ask and pay for bread separately.  Who serves ham and cheese without bread.  In all the times we have had tapas, this had never happened.  Next we got the dates wrapped in bacon.  Incredibly salty.  Almost inedible.  The sauteed cauliflower was very good and the lone high point of the meal.  The mini pork burgers were pretty good but quite greasy.  The lamb skewer was so lemony it was hard to eat.  Finally the sauteed mushrooms were pretty good but a bit undercooked.  Like other reviewers have noted, the portions are small.  You could very well leave hungry like we did.  We ordered 7 tapas for 2 people!We did not try dessert because nothing about the meal thus far had suggested the desserts were going to be any better.Try someplace else.  You'd have to be pretty desperate for tapas to eat here.
4	Drinks and tapas at the bar before heading out. We enjoyed the Sangre y Fuego a version of Sangria with vermouth and our other drinks were Corsage and Tierra Gin & Tonic. All very well made. For appetizers we had the Torta Pascualate con membrillo higos y pan de cristal the mix of cheese with Quince paste and fig jam was spectacular. we added jamon iberico as well. We also enjoyed the Calamares a la Romana and the Bunuelos de bacalao. THe Salmon Crudo con vinagreal de Anchovas was great.
3	The menu looked delicious but the taste was just OK.  All the iberico stuff tasted well like regular pork.  I have had iberico in Spain and the taste of their iberico was out of this world.
2	We just spent the weekend in LV celebrating a friends 40th. I read the reviews on Jaleo ahead of time and thought, "oh, it can't be that bad..." Well, it is. First, do not go with more than 2, maybe 4, people in your group. This should be considered a mediocre date place. This is not a big group place at all. Don't think "oh, but it's tapas and we'll order multiple dishes"...The dishes came out one by one, not double for each side of the table. The portions are much smaller than the average tapas restaurant. I've been all over Spain and you know what? They serve larger portions. Our waitress was pissy, rude and we had to practically BEG for a 2 round of drinks. There were 14 of us and we said "double everything". She brought out each round one at a time to the whole table. Awful. Drinks sucked. I had 3 cocktails -- mostly soda and mixers. The ensalada russa was mayonaise. Nothing like the ensalada russa I'm used too (I grew up on this stuff). Everything was fried. The octopus was disgusting -- gooey and chewy with little flavor. The cheese platter had 2 slices of cheese per type and they were teeny tiny. There are so many other restaurants in LV. Do not waste your time or money. Seriously.
5	I've had this place bookmarked for some time now. Then two ladies we were talking to in the airport told us they went there and how good it was so that reeled the hubby in. We went on a Sunday and sat at the bar. Caio was our server and he was awesome! Very helpful. We ordered the anchovies which were on some Spanish bread, grilled lamb, bacon wrapped dates, a tiny plate of paella to sample, the roast pig and my absolute favorite the egg and cavier! Hands down the egg was my favorite! But I do have a mad love for eggs, the lamb had the best flavor and the anchovies were definitely something I would order again. Wasn't too crazy about the dates, they were mehhhh. The paella was super tasty but I'm hoping to try it with the chicken and rabbit next time. The hubby and I both loved this place, pricy but worth it.I
5	Ole ole ole... Chef Jose Andres in Las Vegas's Cosmopolitan Hotel! Dining in Jaleo will transport you Madrid or Barcelona or Seville.. Most dishes are served tapas style which makes it easy to order a variety of flavors from vegetables, meats, seafood cheeses, jamon iberico to paellas. The atmosphere is energetic and encourages conversation while noshing on great food and wine. Our waitress, Mary, was attentive and knowledgeable with Spanish wines. She remembered us from previous visits earlier this year.  We ordered her recommendation which paired well with our white gazpacho, grilled asparagus, patatas bravas, boiled octopus, & noodle paella (fideua).  No, we're not vegetarians, although, Jaleo's tapas could "covert" us. We broke down and ordered the jamon iberico... Expensive but pure pork goodness! Jaleo was a great stop for us en route to our hotel after a day to evening of gambling. What a break of tasty "sustainment"!
5	During this visit we enjoyed the lunch fixed menu...house salad, gazpacho, and mushroom and chicken paella.   Gazpacho was fresh, bright and flavorful while salad focused on simplicity and acid.  The paella was a suitable treat and we normally enjoy it adorned with multiple proteins, but this straight forward version left us wanting more.
4	Jaleo is a solid and positive dining experience. They have great drinks and a diverse menu that can satisfy a variety of eaters.Chef Jose's tapas dishes are strong and excite the palate. We especially liked the ensalada Malaguan, the gambas, and the perfectly cooked scallops. The only minor disappointments were the patatas bravas which were a little too oily, and the skirt steak which was good but not as amazing or special as the other dishes.
4	I have to say this. I am a huge Jose Andres fan. He has to be my favorite chef.Andres is Spanish. So you know he knows a thing or two about tapas. Lots of small plates here. Not as much of molecular gastronomy as some of his other restaurants. The selections of hams and cheese is outstanding. I LOVE the bacon wrapped stuffed dates. And so much other good stuff. Ive been a couple times. I am sure I will be back.
3	Some very solid tapas offerings like bacon wrapped fig and papas bravas.  Very chic setting.But, for all the hype, nothing blew our socks off.  With all the premier restaurants in Vegas, I'll be trying others or returning to others (Robuchon's The Mansion, Julian Serrano) before returning here.
1	First and last time - this is much more about me not being the ideal customer for this establishment. The appetizer chorizo sausage they brought out served at room temperature/cold was "ok" at best. Definitely nothing exciting and not recommended. The tomato bread was also "ok" - toasted bread with some tomato spread. Overall this tasted like Bruschetta and was loaded with vinegar (tons of sodium). So moving on and at this point they are 0 for 2. Next up was the soup in the glass cup which again was nothing to brag about. 0 for 3 - then there was the salad swimming in the sherrie vinaigrette - 0 for 4. Then came their signature meal the paella - so this was also not impressive. In simple terms it was more like burnt rice with an oily base and chicken. 0 for 5. All this for two people @ $90. I have had better meals at Panera.
4	We have eaten at Jaleo several times, however not in the past year.  The service seems to have gone just a bit downhill since our previous visit.  First, let me say the food was good, and I have no complaints at all on this.The problem was, we first ordered a pitcher of Sangria.  Our server came back, and took some tapas orders, and virtually all of them came before our Sangria. Before the paella arrived for our final course, a few ordered diet Cokes, and they did not arrive until after we were done.  Most other drinks arrived in a timely manner, and the food came out very quick.I will return, but will hope for a bit better service.   We have a wonderful night, and our whole party enjoyed the food, and the experience.
5	I was given 200 dollars by an overly drunk and frighteningly happy frat boy at a blackjack table at Harrah's at 6:00 in the morning.  I am not exactly sure how or why he gave me said money, but I remember trying to give it back and he consistently refused, eventually the dealer gave me a look that said "leave, before he starts losing and sobers up."  So I did.  But what to do with the money?  Well, 100 went into longer term savings, and 100 I decided to blow on a fancy dinner alone.  After wandering the strip looking for a worthy restaurant I stumbled in to Jaleo.First things first.  Order a gin and tonic, they are amazing.  I was skeptical, given that it is a Tapas restaurant, but do yourself the favor and order one.  I also found myself drinking some wine that was good, but not mind blowing (like the G&T's).The food is awesome, if you have not been to Spain before order a bunch of dishes from all over the place.  I always recommend paying for pork, and theirs is top notch, definitely the high quality stuff.  I like the Jamon Serrano, but find one that is in your price range and enjoy placing it in your mouth and letting it melt like butter.Skip the Paella, it looks good and the fire is a neat little bit of flair but I wasn't impressed and found it to be the most overpriced item I ordered.  I can't really remember any of the other dishes I had, but everything else was good to great, with the Ham, and the Gin and Tonic being my stand out favorites and the Paella being good, but not on par with everything else.I occasionally indulge myself in fancy restaurants and this place is high on my list in Las Vegas, I will certainly be returning.
3	I'm giving Jaleo three stars even though everything we ordered was quite tasty, due to their  extremely small portions and unreasonable cost I'm deducting two stars.  Jaleo is located on the 3rd floor of the swanky Cosmopolitan Hotel.  The decor was very modern and sleek.  It's a nice place to dress up with your girlfriends and eat out.  Don't get me wrong, I don't mind shelling out top dollars for food but only if the food is worth it.  I understand that tapas are small plates but that doesn't mean you should provide us with toothpick size plates and charge us an arm and a leg.  We ordered the carne asada (grilled skirt steak) it was like 2 oz of meat and the charge was $18.00.  Um, maybe if it was waygu beef topped with some uni, okay that would be reasonable.  But a cheap cut like skirt steak for that small portion size is not worth the cost of $18.00.  We ordered a total of five dishes to share amongst three girls and we were still left hungry.  At that point, with our bill already up to $100 there was no point in ordering anything else as it would again just be sample size.  I would have loved a place like this; however, the high cost of the meal left me wanting more.  Literally...
3	It literally pains me to give this place 3 stars...it's really 3.75 in my head. Jose andres restaurant in Beverly Hills is my favorite restaurant ever! I was excited to try another one of his restaurants, but this is nothing like the bazaar! The atmosphere is off... I feel like its almost too open I wish they would build a wall to have it more like a restaurant and less like a food court. We made reservations 4 days earlier, and they sit us by the bar??? We were certainly dressed appropriately but they sat us in high tables with uncomfortable chairs instead if the main dining area. Ugh whatever, moving on. The wine and beer list was good, but I had trouble finding a cocktail that interested me so I just drank wine.We ordered a ton of dishes: salmon cones, lobster salad, chorizo wrapped in potato, bread topped with sea urchin, potatoes with mojo verde, Spanish omelet, rossajet( play on paella with seafood), another large chorizo dish with cider sauce. Whew! I think that about covers it. So the salmon cones are also available at the Beverley hills restaurant and are always a favorite! Soooo yummy if you like fish eggs go for this dish! Spanish omelet was awful...don't suggest trying that. The lobster salad was fresh and delicious, but they forgot this order and we didn't get it till the end of the meal...would have been nice at the beginning. All the other dishes were good, but nothing special. I love the concept and love the menu here so I might give it another try, I think it for sure has potential!!Oh one other note we were here on thanksgiving night and the bartender was so freakin rude. A couple people were watching the football games and his was publicly  making fun of them...very unprofessional! The other staff seemed great, but this bartender was awful!
3	It's Vegas...it's Cosmo so my expectation to spend money is high. However, we are a table of 4 - we are over $300 into our bill and are leaving hungry. I'm too hungry to continue this review and need to stop writing before the other three people at my table will steals food from my plate. Avoid if hungry.
3	Looking for something different, this is the place, positively!! Great waitstaff. Explained menu items without any hesitation. Try the Brazilian Tan for a cocktail, authentic, delicious! Tapas selection is diverse, and sometimes need explaining. Will be back.
4	Four STARS because I LOVED their gin and tonics. If I were physically able, I would have tried all their drinks, the creativity displayed in their cocktails went above and beyond anything I've ever had anywhere in the world. The g and t was made with their own house made tonic water (yum) and had the coolest spherical ice cube, and was garnished with a kaffir lime leaf and juniper berries! Ok, the food was pretty good too, but nothing I haven't had before or anything I'd return to have again. The best thing I ate was the Iberico serrano ham - which can be had anywhere....so go for some drinks and a few snacks, but don't expect to be blown away by the food, it was just ok. Biggest pet peeve of the evening...I asked for some kind of hot sauce to accompany these potato finger tator tot-ish things that are served in a sneaker. (yes a sneaker) They promptly informed me that in Spain there is NO hot sauce lady. Ok...do you have anything? Maybe a pepper lying around? These potato things are BLAND BLAND BLAND....nope! No peppers in Spain. Whatever. I know that is NOT true. So strange...Like I said before, go have some drinks there, don't expect over the top deliciousness.
5	Great atmosphere, great service and the dishes are fun and well prepared. I usually never order risotto at restaurants because it's never any good but I was pleasantly surprised at every single dish here! Perfect place to dine with company.
5	I'll just start out by saying that I've been here several times, and while the food has always, always been spectacular, I had a bad experience on my last visit because of the service. But I have never seen a management team respond so enthusiastically to make things right.They have earned my loyalty because they not only say they care about service, they really mean it. If you think a good restaurant or hotel never has any problems, you need to get out more. The true mark of a quality restaurant is how they deal with problems when they happen (because they always do).Regarding the food, you'll be able to enjoy some traditional Spanish tapas, but there's always a creative twist that doesn't disappoint. Even something as straightforward as sliced ham is special when prepared properly. Bread with tomatoes - boring? Not at Jaleo! I recommend ordering the anchovies and eating those with the bread.But by far, the tapa that gets the biggest reaction are the Croquetas De Pollo, which are served in a shoe. Look funny, but taste amazing.PROS- The gin and tonics really were the "best I've ever had." They were perfectly balanced cocktails - most people would have a hard time even tasting the gin.- Virtually every dish on the menu is amazing - the patatas bravas, the gambas (shrimp), the jamon, the Croquetas De Pollo.CONS- Hard to get a reservation on most nights- The menu can be intimidating - ask questions or get a tasting menu (see below)TIPS- Order the tasting menu. Don't worry about specific dishes - they'll bring out course after course of amazing food.- If you drink beer, try the Estrella Damm - it's clean and crisp, like a Japanese beer but with more flavor.- The location in the Cosmopolitan is perfect if you are going to have drinks in one of the hotel bars or go out for an evening at Marquee Nightclub.- Fridays, Saturdays, and Mondays are the busiest nights (aside from special events or conferences).
5	Amazing beyond words. The flavor of the gin n tonic oysters blew my mind. Other highlights were the imberico sliders and the foi grais chorizo enchiladas. I need to go back and try more stuff
5	every time i come here it just keeps getting better and better! we never even consider going anywhere else when we come to vegas :)
5	Can I just say how much I love Jose' Andre's?? He is a genius. I have never had a bad experience at one of his restaurants. The atmosphere is fun and exciting, and it overlooks the central concourse of the Cosmopolitan, where all the shops are located. It has a fun open air feel, and you feel anything but claustrophobic.The last time I was here, our waiter recommended the Rubentis Rose' from Spain, and we were a little hesitant because we generally don't drink Rose's. However, we loved it! The crisp lightness of it complemented every dish we tried. It was so drinkable that we ordered another bottle. One of my friends has since ordered several cases. What a fun find!We tried the lobster paella dish, the patatas bravas, the dates wrapped in bacon (insane), the endives with goat cheese, several of the cheese dishes, the chorizo with iberico, and the meat platter with iberico. My one friend is especially obsessed with iberico ham, and it was amazing to have so many choices containing iberico ham on the menu!I am surprised that there aren't more five star reviews. I am lumping the service in with the food, and because the wine we had complemented our meal so much, and because we had such a pleasant dining experience, it definitely deserves 5 starts.On a final note, Jose's signature gin and tonic is the best gin and tonic I have ever had. Hands down. Do yourself a favor, and order this drink to start!
3	I so want to give this place 5 stars. Was highly recommended by a friend. My expectations were high and the tapas did not disappoint. The pan de cristal was sublime. The manchego plate as well as the para negra was out of this world. One dish after the other was well above my expectation. We then decided to order the paella feast. The beet gazpacho that came with it was to die for, while the salad was nothing to rave about. But who cares? Paella was to be the star of the show. So we patiently waited and anticipated how great it would be only because the dishes that came before it were amazingly good. After a 15 minute wait, it finally came. It sadly ruined a meal that was supposed to be a perfect 10. Half of the rice was burnt so bad that it was like eating bitter Rice Krispies. The other half that was not burnt was so salty. The combination of the two just made the dish incredibly inedible. The chicken was also on the dry side. So sad. For a $29 per person paella feast, it was truly disappointing. Would love to come back but most likely would just stick to tapas next time.
4	Delicious!  The only reason why I gave it 4 instead of 5 is because the dishes tend to be very extreme... either too acidic or too fatty or too salty.
3	Really doesn't compare to the bazaar. And yes Jose Andres love love la la blabla.. but yea, not that great. A lot of the dishes we ordered were a tad off. The skirt steak on red peppers was way too salty, the uni on the crostini tasted like tank water. The short-rib paella was realllyyyy salty too. Favorite dish of the night was probably the beet salad. Everything else was pretty mediocre. Love the vibe and open-airness. Love the water glasses. The sangria is really spice-intense too. If you like flavor (sometimes just salt) explosions... give Jaleo a try. If not, still come and gamble with each dish. Hey, it's Vegas!
4	Located inside the Cosmopolitan.  I can't remember everything we ordered, but here are some things to definitely try:- the dates- the paellas - if you don't have preference of which one, just order whatever paellas is cooking in the middle of kitchen there- the salmon tartare- the taco cones- and definitely try the cured hamThe ambiance is very modern and fun.  Get a seat at the big cushion-couch and enjoy your party!
5	I cannot rave enough about my absolutely FABULOUS experience at Jaleo! I must admit, organizing a group dinner for about 20 people in a city I don't live in sounded like a daunting task once my boss placed that duty in my lap. But I received phenomenal service from start to finish while planning and executing our business event at Jaleo, The Group Sales Staff at The Cosmopolitan were all very professional and organized, helping to ease the stress of pulling this whole dinner together in such a short amount of time. A big, huge "thank you" shout out to both Kelly and Rose!And another big round of applause goes out to our server at Jaleo: Mary! She was fantastic and our whole group loved her. Great service, delectable eats, tempting adult beverages, fun ambiance, and the perfect setting for a group. I highly recommend this spot if you are planning a dinner in Vegas. We went with a custom menu that the group sales team put together, and our guests were all very pleased with the 13 courses (yes, thirteen different menu items for everyone to try out) Tapas style of course, but such a great idea to give everyone a good idea of what this restaurant was all about. The cocktails were flowing all night and food felt like it kept coming and coming! Below are some of my favorites of the evening that you have to try if you are dining at Jaleo:The Bramble- best cocktail of all time! No for real, seriously amazing. Cinnamon infused vodka with a cranberry puree. Jamon Serrano Fermin- a perfectly flavored 18 month, salt cured Serrano HamEndibias con queso - the cutest little app you've ever seen with endives, goat cheese, oranges and almondsGazpacho- this was served shooter-style and had some kind of amazing dollop of creamy cheese on top (not sure exactly what it was) Croquetas de pollo - these little chicken fritters were delish. Served in a shoe which I wasn't too sure about, but really tasty nonethelessCarne Asada- perfectly cooked and seasonedPaella- this traditional dish is an "absolute must" when dining at Jaleo! They do some kind of crazy chant in the kitchen before these go out to the tables and it gets the whole restaurant excited. They brought it out on this ginormous skillet that took two people to carry it just to show us what it was. But then took it back over to the open kitchen to plate it for us. Flan - typically not my favorite type of dessert because of the texture, but this flan was so creamy and I really enjoyed it.Can't wait to come back to Jaleo! And a big THANK YOU again to all the staff who helped me with the great execution of our group business dinner. CHEERS!
2	I went to try this place with my girlfriend and left pretty unsatisfied.The place decor is really nice and you could see a whole pig being roasted on an open fire in the middle of the food prep area. The servers were nice, attentive, and helpful with our questions. We ordered up the paella feast, which includes beet gazpacho, a salad with some fancy sounding vinaigrette, and a paella plate. The place decor is really nice and you could see a whole pig being roasted on an open fire in the middle of the food prep area.The gazpacho was presented in a very fancy fashion and was served inside a neat modern cup, drizzle with some olive oil, topped with fresh-looking oval croutons. However, one bite in and the taste of salt just overpowered all the other flavors. I could still eat it but I felt as if I was eating condensed gazpacho.Then was the salad. The salad was literally a couple large lettuce leaves with 5 olives, two slices of tomato and red onion dressed in some vinaigrette. We thought they forgot to bring out a second salad serving but the waitress had placed the bowl in the middle of our table which made me realize that it was meant to share. A bit stingy and didn't really seem like restaurant quality.Finally, we waited on the paella. We figured the paella would be wonderful and rich and full of flavor. Instead we received plates of undercooked rice (supposedly al dente..) and extremely dry chicken. The entire place was hard to chew and tasted too salty.Overall, I would not go back here again and I wouldn't recommend my friends to come here. The overall experience did not satisfy me especially for the price. Really beautiful place though.
5	I was very excited to get the chance to eat here. They have really good, authentic Spanish food like I had while studying abroad in Spain. Great atmosphere in the Cosmopolitan. Our waitress was excellent giving a very thorough overview of the menu and a good recommendation for a bottle of wine. She knew a lot about the restaurant's history and that of the chef. A nice touch was the custom drink list on an ipad left on the table; first time seeing that. The tapas themselves were very good. We tried an assortment of tapas, but did not have the paella. Next time, we will try that. I will definitely return next time I am in Las Vegas.
5	For the lunch menu...Amazing! Delicious and authentic paella, gazpacho, and sangria. The service was very friendly and food was fast. Everything was very flavorful and we will definitely be coming back!
5	We eat at the best restaurants around the country and Jaleo just made it to the top. The tapas was amazing - the tomato bread elevated traditional tapas to its very best and I only hope to be able to taste that perfection again.  Then the waiter kindly offered us the rabbit and chicken paella and since we were celebrating my birthday we decided to splurge and get some. At first  we thought the $25 price tag was a little expensive but then we tasted it and realized what a bargain we were receiving! Their paella was smile and perfect in every way.I couldn't possibly recommend this restaurant more - it was amazing!
5	Love chef Andres. .he is the best..I loved the drinks and tapas..I loved lobster paella and hanger steak..and tuna salad sando
5	I've been to Jaleo about 4 or 5 times now. I really love this place. It's in the Cosmo, which is the best hotel/casino on the strip right now. It's on the restaurant level, and it's sort of "open-air" which gives it a really cool vibe. The scenery is amazing both in the restaurant and outside walking by or lining up for Marquee. The food is spectacular!! The selection is amazing. What more can you say? The only critique I have is that service is sometimes unpredictable. I've even had waiters be really attentive at the beginning of the meal, and then disappear half way through. So they could try working on that. However, that doesn't deter me from giving it 5 stars. Go check it out for yourself!
1	Worst dinning experience I have had of that caliber. We went there three of us here late on a Friday night for our pre-party grub. Our waiter, which I'm glad I had forgotten his name already, had the worst attitude. We asked him to suggest items on the menu and he was pressuring to order items he suggested standing over the table, and wouldn't leave until we asked for a couple of minutes. The kitchen was out of most items, granted it was a late dinner, but the waiter made an offhand remark about us coming late, and came after we were served to tell us that the item we asked about on the menu had come back to life. The food came dry, not at all fresh, and clearly left for at least an hour after it's even made. The tapas were overpriced and the sizes were small even for tapas. Most overrated, perhaps the only redeeming factor to this place, which got us in there in the first place is its decorative interior, but don't be fooled, it's got nothing to live up to it.
5	This was about as fine a meal as we've had in a long time. We sampled eight plates and each was better than the next. Mussels, cheese, jamon sandwich, gazpacho soup, skirt steak and wonderful chocolate dessert. Remarkable. We could have probably eaten all night had we not needed sleep.Go to this place, buckle your seat belt and loosen you belt buckle. This is going to be a fun and tasty ride!
3	Underwhelming, tiny portions, poor presentation, slow service, overpriced. But that is just my opinion. Some might love it, so try it out for yourself.
1	This place is nasty. Everything was way too salty. We ordered the seared scallops in romesco sauce. Can you believe that the sauce was bland compared to how salty the scallops were?? The scallops were as salty as the fried bacalao. The paella valenciana with chicken and rabbit was tasteless. The chicken was super dry, more like chewy rubber, and i did not see a bit of rabbit in our plate either. And the "fresh" squid in squid ink was nasty. Seriously don't order that. The only thing decent was the goat cheese with fig jam, which I highly doubt those were made in house. That's only for the food. The prices are high, which i don't mind paying, but at least give me something edible.
1	Went there Valentine DayHad seen good reviewsOnly a few available tables on open-table at 545pNot even 4 tables occupied out of 50 when we got there 5:30pPaleya poor: have had way betterSignature cocktail $20 poorOnly good: Desert Flann
4	i can't believe I forgot to review Jaleo until now. Jaleo is one of my favorite dining spots in Vegas. Let me begin with a disclaimer: while they seem to be famous for their paella, but i found them sorely disappointing. the rice was not cooked to the right consistency and lacked that saffron / other spices depth that I seek.however, everything else was pretty spot on. I'm going off of memory, but of my 2 visits here, i've tried various items such as the grilled lamb ribs (heaven on a bone, my favorite - but apparently gone from the menu on my second visit), endives with goat cheese and fruity stuff (very refreshingly light, yet still flavorful), the bacon wrapped dates (deliciously balanced - coming from somebody who doesn't like fruit in my entrees), grilled steak on top of a red pepper (perfectly prepared and bursting with skirt steakiness), the chicken croquettes (served in a shoe, deliciously fatty richness in fried breading), the taco cones (excellent!), and lots of other things that vegas nights has long since wiped from my memory.the one thing that endures no matter how many brain cells are wiped by the afterpartying is that I've always enjoyed my experience at Jaleo. it's a Vegas must-try.
4	Jaleo is hard to review.On one hand all the food was awesome. Slightly salty, but really amazing. We literally just went down the entire list and ordered everything.On the other hand, you are taking tapas that normally should be 1/4th the price and "upscaling" them. It's not exactly a budget friendly restaurant.The staff was nice, and like I said the food was very good. If you are hungry, don't expect to be satiated. This is more of a tasting menu than somewhere you can feed your hunger.
4	Second times I am here.  It was a year ago when I first had dinner here.  That meal was expensive which cost me $500 for a party of four.  Tonight's dinner is more reasonable but maybe I am not that into Spanish food and I feel it is just usual.  Not as the first time when I tried it, that memorable.  The service is always good and the decor is wonderful.  But I will probably go try some other fancy restaurant if I am in town next time.
2	If you want to pay a lot of money for a little bit of food, this is the place to come. First time I tried a "tapas" place and probably will be my last. I get the whole idea, blah blah blah, but why would you want to pay MORE money for LESS food. The $8 burger was actually comical to look at. Maybe about one inch in diameter. Service was good, staff was friendly, location is great, food definitely was delicious, but not my cup of tea.
3	Really fun for a big group, not worth it for 2-3 people. Relatively cheap and Amazing server! Food was good, fish egg cones were a cool gimmick, steaks were very good.Everything else was fine but not amazing. Though it was very cool to see them cook everything on a huge fire pit!
5	This is my splurge place.  I am absolutely in love with the Ambiance, the food, everything about it!!  I love the Sangria and the ham selection.  If you're ever in Vegas and want to live it up, this is the place to go.  It's expensive but totally worth every penny.  Best Tapas experience in my life!
3	I would give Jaleo 3 1/2 stars. The food was good overall. Must of the items that we ordered were good but only a few were outstanding - piquillo peppers stuffed with goat cheese and the paella were particular stand outs. This is a tapas restaurant so the portions are small but quite pricey. This is good if you want to try a lot of different things. I didn't like that the number of servings for each dish was variable and the server didn't mention this when we ordered. We had 4 people. Piquillo peppers included 2 servings, other items ranged between 2 to 5 servings. The atmosphere is energetic and bright.
4	Went on a Saturday night with a group of 8.....with such a large group, we basically sampled everything on the menu...and it was all amazing!! At any one point in time throughout our meal, someone in our party was making orgasmic noises. For most dishes, we were all able to have a small bite to taste (sometimes this meant cutting items in half).....making this an elaborate, noisy, "roaming fork" tasting menu for us. SO FUN!! Oh, and the food starts coming like immediately after you order.We were seated outside next to the foosball table, which was highly entertaining on a Saturday night with all the girls in their heels (saw at least one fall) and the amateur partiers (saw at least one pass out drunk in a lounge area).Definitely pricey, but helloooo, it's Vegas. Seemed normal to us NYC folks. Don't be intimidated by a $20 gin and tonic; it is a guaranteed flavor explosion that is worth every penny. I had the Herberia and cannot wait to try the others!
4	We went here for lunch and ordered the daily paella.  It was amazingly delicious and we enjoyed seeing them make it over the open fire pit.  The lunch menu is limited so just a warning.  Dinner gives you all the options of the tapas.
4	Delicious!!! We went for dinner this past weekend well done Jose Andres! You will not be disappointed with with anything. Each flavor of the dishes are spot on. I highly recommend the shrimp and squid!
2	Do not come here for lunch.  The atmosphere is modern and fresh, and the people are nice, but you will not be able to eat real food for any reasonably price.  They were selling shaved ham for $35 an ounce.  I don't know about you guys but I am a fully grown adult and that means I would have to spend over $350 for a real meal here.  Yeah, there are other cheaper options, but I didn't come for tiny strange dishes of things I can't identify - I came because they were famous for their black footed pig.  So much for that.  I tried it, and it's good, but at those prices, I hope you enjoy it a lot more than I did.Their dinner options might be more 'normal' or filling - I don't know, but like I said, don't show up for lunch.
2	Service here is very poor, there are long periods of neglect and abandonment.  The servers literally disappear and are never seen again. The dishes are tiny tapas style and come out so slowly that if you go in a group, half of you will pretty much starve to death.  Food quality is hit and miss - some dishes are absolutely incredible, others surprisingly bad.  For some reason the temperature at the restaurant is set to below freezing, which makes being there really uncomfortable.  I felt like grabbing the manager and saying: look, this is the Cosmopolitan, do you not see all these poor women sitting here half naked and shivering?  You need to shut the bloody AC off!They have a foosball table outside which doubles up as a dining table for six.  It is a super fun idea and a super impractical one at the same time.  The seats are shaped like saddles so there is no back support- there is in fact very little bottom support - you kind of hover in mid air half the time trying not to fall off completely - much like being on a real saddle I suppose!  Best of all, the poles in the table provide a great opportunity to file a lawsuit against the establishment since you can easily stab and seriously damage the person sitting across from you if you're not careful.  Been here twice but I don't think will be back again; at their prices it's just not worth it.  Even if I end up with a bunch of the better dishes, it's simply not a relaxing enough environment to make the experience fully enjoyable. Okay, rant over.
4	Excellent food and great service.  Once the management found out we were locals they took extra steps to make sure our dining experience was a good one, even bringing over a complementary dish from the chef.  It is nice to see a strip restaurant care about local clientele!Highly recommend the scallops, they were perfectly cooked.
3	The food was delicious but was not filling. Two plates wasn't enough for me, and I'm a petite female with a slightly small appetite. What you pay is much more than what you get. My bill was forty dollars for a drink and two tapas. Would definitely not recommend if you plan on drinking heavily that night!
4	I love this place. I usually show up here alone when I'm in town on business, so I end up at either the tapas bar or the sangria bar. Some people have complained about the service here but I have found them unfailingly energetic and helpful, eager to guide newcomers through the menu. They're often crowded, so yes, servers do not always have a lot of time to hover, but I've never had anyone brush me off. And I always get the feeling they really enjoy the food they're selling and want you to enjoy it, too.I have some special dietary needs, so I prefer small plates to the ginormous portions that a lot of people like and expect. And as a corollary, I don't have much use for hotel buffets. If you love the value and large portions of a buffet, Jaleo is probably not for you. But if you like smaller portions, you can get very happy at Jaleo. Every dish I've had here has been good, and some are dizzyingly delicious, though some are unmemorable. The chicken croquettes -- served in paper tucked into a sneaker -- are comfort food elevated to Olympian heights. The combination of crunchy, creamy and salty will take you back to childhood, if your mother was a gourmet tapas chef. There's a bacalao dish that is similar. Their fennel and apple salad with mancheco is a healthy option that is way too tasty for being so good for you, rich with toasted nuts. On the other hand, the house smoked cheese with nut brittle would be a good pairing with a drink but is only okay as part of a meal. I had one dessert that isn't on the online menu: torrijas, I think it's called. They describe it as a Spanish style French Toast, which doesn't quite convey what it is. It's like a creamy bread pudding with top note of citrus, maybe from a liqueur, served with brioche ice cream. It's not the best dessert I've ever had but right now I'm having trouble thinking of 10 better ones. The atmosphere is loud and a little raucous. As befits its location in the hip, upscale Cosmopolitan, the vibe is, well, upscale and hip, energized, welcoming and bright. This is not a place for a quiet, sedate experience. It's very different from the darker, more romantic La Cave at the Wynn, which also serves small plates. But here's the catch with Jaleo: Those small plates aren't cheap. They add up. And tapas, as everybody knows from watching Anthony Bourdain, are meant to accompany wine or beer. So if you show up very hungry and order 4-5 tapas/person plus drinks, dessert and coffee, I'd estimate you could be looking at $150-$200/person. I usually order 2-3 tapas and maybe dessert for around $50 before tip -- if I'm not drinking. I am generally satisfied with that, but as I said, I usually show up alone and I like to eat lightly. Bottom line: A fun menu to explore, lots of soul-satisfying treats, but the price can sneak up on you. I can't honestly call the food a great value for the money, but I love the whole Jaleo experience: the energy, the young eager staff, the feeling of fun, even the bustle and noise. No, it's not a hotel buffet. But that's a good thing.
5	We got a table for 6 right outside of the restaurant which was fairly removed from other tables but I didn't mind, especially considering that we were a walk-in and they fit us in on a Friday night.  They bring pan con tomate to the table to start which was delicious.  We ordered plates of olives as well as their prosciutto plate which came with four different types of meat.  The chorizo was to die for.  The olive plate came with olives stuffed with anchovies as well as this bizarre kind of emulsion, it was kind of a liquid olive in a transparent skin.  It was definitely different.  We ordered various small plates to share.  Everyone loved the octopus and potatoes.  The squid is served over black ink and was probably the largest small plate that we got and it was really good.  We got goat cheese stuffed red peppers, which were delicious but I think the goat cheese was mixed with some sort of blue cheese.  I ordered the cod salad, which is raw cod marinated in some sort of vinaigrette and served with olives and oranges, it was so good! My friend got the steak and loved it.  We ordered a serving of paella to share.  They make two paellas every night and alternate between which one is ready to be served.  The two paellas they were serving that night were a pork paella and a vegetable paella.  The vegetable paella was ready to be served when we got there so if we ordered that one we would not have waited, but we ordered the pork instead and it came out at the end of our meal which was totally fine.  We drank sangria the whole time which was $50 for a carafe but we each got at least one glass out of it.Our server was excellent, she was very prompt and seemed busy but we got everything we ordered in a timely fashion.  She was also incredibly knowledgable and could answer every question we had about the menu.  Our bill came out to around $450 for the 6 of us (including a 20% tip that we asked her to add), which included two sangria carafes.  I think the food alone was somewhere around $280.  I loved this place and would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for tapas in Vegas.
4	Although food is absolutely perfect Don't be expecting a large portions because like in Native Spain they serve it Tapas size so it is generally small proportioned especially the Paella and the squid ink for the mains.But when it comes to the servers and presentation and watchable kitchen that is absolutely perfect mall is awesome also with the public gallery.
5	I have been to the one in Washington D.C. and was already a big fan.  I have also been to some of his other restaurants.  Go...you will not be disappointed...
4	Best meal in Vegas during our 3-day trip. Lucky we ran into a guy at Blackjack who recommended it. Lost a star because our lobster salad was a little salty but otherwise outstanding. Don't miss the bacalao (cod) fritters with the honey aoili. I know, sounds crazy. But truly fantastic.
4	We came across Jaleo on our 2nd night in Vegas and I was so glad to have found a tapas place. Although my husband was a bit hesitant at first, since the menu's a bit overwhelming for a newcomer, we were pleased with our choices. We especially liked the Paella with shrimp and squid, with an amazing & intense mix of flavors. The warm Brussels sprouts mixed with apricots, pears, & jamon was a perfect blending of a dish! As a kid, I hated Brussel sprouts, and this dish definitely turned me into a fan. Perfect portions & great food to be shared!
4	Very enjoyable tappas restaurant. I recommend ordering something from each category to get the full benefit from Jaleo. I have been. Here twice and have not had a bad choice yet. I love their tomato bread.    Wwill be back again.
3	Very disappointing. I was expecting a lot better from a Jose Andres restaurant. It was very hit and miss. Some things were excellent and some were really bad. With all the choices in Vegas, I would not return.
4	Highlights/lowlights 1) really fun atmosphere2) pricy for what you get, but that's Vegas3) decent foodCame to Jaleo really late on Friday night with a co-worker. As you expect at a nicer Vegas restaurant it was super busy so we sat at the bar. The bartender was really nice and helped my co-worker and I pick out a few tapas. Prepare to pay between $14 and $30 per small plate, which is expensive for tapas but Vegas in General is expensive. I had a sparkling sangria coupon (woohoo!) so I ordered that. The drink was okay but like some other reviewers mentioned not as good as some of the other drinks I've had at other Jose Andres restaurants. We ordered a chorizo, and a shrimp tapa. Both were pretty good, unfortunately neither were as warm as I felt they should be but the flavor was great. We didn't do the paella which is a big deal here! I think how it works is they switch which paella they make every few minutes and when they switch the chefs ring a big bell and everyone yells "Jaleo!!". It was fun and you kind of felt like you were at a party! Overall, Jaleo is definitely worth a try if you are a Jose Andres fan and staying in the area but you could probably find a better tapas restaurant on the strip.
3	I was expecting so much more from this restaurant.  There were a few hits - the caviar fried egg dish was amazing as well as the crispy pasta with aioli and shrimp, but the octopus was inedible and everything else was just ok.  I expected to be wowed but walked away having spent $300 and it was just ok.
4	Good food, but plan on eating a hot dog later. It was very expensive for the portion size.  However, everything tasted amazing!  We had 2 to 3 tapas per person and each tapa had maybe 3 to 4 bites each and cost between nine and $12.   The cocktails were some of the best we had on our trip.   If you are in the mood to spend $20 on a gin and tonic I highly recommend their signature one.  This is definitely a splurge meal and I would recommend the restaurant just be prepared that the portions are a little bit on the small side.
4	Jaleo, you pleasantly surprised me. Although I can never accept the fact of paying $14 for a small chicken breast is justifiable here. I still have to admit, the food was freakin' spectacular! And there was entertainment, and people watching, and flames! Every time a Paella was ordered they rang a bell and yelled out PAELLA!!!!!!! Between my boyfriend and I, we shared about 7 small plates, and I probably could have added 3 or 4 more, but I knew our bill was already at about $150 with our $5 sprites and $6 shirley temples. I had to try it when they said it was "homemade grenadine". Good, but not $6 good. On the menu, all of the dishes are in Spanish and some are a bit confusing, but the staff is super helpful and knowledgeable. A couple that stood out to me were the stuffed roasted red peppers with goat cheese, the garlic shrimp, and the chicken croquettes served in a shoe. There was not anything I tried, that I would not eat again. My only complaint is the prices. $20 for 2 scallops? I get it. Were at the Cosmo, it's a Jose Andres restaurant, but I want to come here and be able to drop $100 including a tip and have my other half and I leave stuffed. That will never happen. So yes, it is good, yes you will enjoy yourself. It is simply a matter of opinion if it's worth it to you. To me, places like this should have locals specials, or a local night. At the same time, maybe they don't want to cater to us locals. They have enough going for them to live off tourism. I will return, but only on a special occasion or at the request of a Paella.
4	I made a reservation for Jaleo about 3-4 weeks in advance. When we arrived, the hostess told us it would be about a 15 minute wait. Friday night in LV at the Cosmopolitan, it was hopping. We were going to get a drink, but the room was not arranged in a way that made that easy (would have had to squeeze through seated guests). So we stood outside in the crowded walk-through area and waited. When we finally were walked to our table, we both laughed, We were taken to the very back of the restaurant (read- young, hip, beautiful in front - all others in the back). There were several empty tables back there nestled among the long tables seated with bachelorette parties. My partner remarked he had never seen a restaurant so disproportionately populated with women patrons. (Note to men traveling on business - go to Jaleo for gorgeous young women in sexy clothes, seemingly unattached (the women, not the clothes).)Our server was very attentive and efficient. Again, we remarked on how many service people there were, so I am surprised that other reviewers mention their service was lacking. Guess the advantage to not being one of the beautiful people is great service! Yay for middle age!I won't go into a lot of detail about all the great dishes we had as other reviewers seem to have that covered. Stand-out for me was the eggplant and pepper dish- nice roasted flavor. So many things on the menu, I wish we would have been with a large party so we could have tried a larger variety. Two beers, a glass of wine, and five dishes - right at $100. I thought that was amazingly reasonable given the city and venue.
5	I have to say that eating here was one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. The food was simply amazing, and while some of it was less stellar than others, I had an amazing time. Headed here with my brother Edward and his girlfriend, Jackie for his birthday. I've never had tapas before really and was really looking forward to trying it.  My brother started by ordering a Perron with Cava. The cocktail menu (on the iPad) even had a short video of how to drink from it. It was a lot of fun, though we ended up wearing a bit of it.  The food was great. We ordered a lot justifying it because they had small plates and because we were treating ourselves. (Also, I paid but my brother paid for Carnevino the next day, so I knew he'd be spending more there). We ordered both of the paellas available that day - I was super excited because I don't eat seafood and all the paellas I've seen elsewhere include shellfish (yuck). Both were perfect and crispy and complex. The pork sliders were melt-in-your-mouth delicious - they literally melted in your mouth. And the terojas dessert french toast was beyond compare. Probably the best dessert I ever eaten and the best dish of the trip. The custardy bread was so soft and the crust was so awesomely caramelized that it almost was like a creme brulee but so much better.  The other highlights of the meal included: chicken croquettes, the charcuterie, the pork pressed sandwiches, the sorgbet.  The tortilla and pan con tomate were good, but not really more than the sum of their parts - I would not order them again.The service and atmosphere were great. Our waiter was attentive without being overbearing.
4	great tapas!!! but do not go hungry unless you are ready to drop a few bucks. food was amazing the short rib paella fantastic the hanger steak fantastic. We have been to his place in The Bazaar and it is equally great
4	We had a group of 14 girls come to Jaleo on a Friday night for a bachelorette party. Our server warned us that the plates were small but meant to be shared, which to me was a little confusing, but we went with it. I split an order of the garlic shrimp and the green beans with goat cheese with a friend and can honestly say I needed something more. If I wasn't splitting I would have been totally satisfied but he said they were meant to be shared so I did. I didn't have a drink but a few ordered the Bramble (lavender something?) and said it was really good. One person ordered the chicken fritters and they came out served in a shoe... Weird. Our server did mess up one order and apologized because he thought she pointed to something else, and left the wrong dish for us to enjoy on the house. Everyone loved their dishes but we all agreed that we wished they were bigger. They also have a separate gluten free menu, which worked out nice for a few of our girls.
3	We had some great overpriced tapas, service was outstanding until it wasn't, and the decor and comfort of the place was suspect.Let's start with the layout.  there were tables with uncomfortable chairs, or these long couches which went around the restaurant.  The couch things were comfortable if you were sitting back having a cocktail, but not so much if you were trying to eat a meal.  NOT a deal breaker, but weird.The food -- some of it was great, some of it was ok, all of it was overpriced.  They had a specific vegetarian menu which was really nice.  Made it easier to find the veggie options on their extensive menu.  My friend (the vegetarian) had a goat cheese endive salad which which was divine.  A "warm" spinach salad, which was totally average and these weird eggplant things which were tempura fried and drizzled in honey, which she thought was good, I thought were a complete throwaway.  Three little founds of eggplant, almost tasteless but sweet from the honey for $9.00.  We both agreed it would have been better as a dessert.I ordered piquillo peppers with a bit of iberico pork lardon, which was probably the best value on the menu.  $6.00 and completely tasty.  But definitely better to split and because of the pork I didn't have a person to share with.  I also ordered a cauliflower, date, olive dish which was divine.  My big splurge was Iberico Pork - which I thought was going to be roasted, but was in fact cured.  It was fine, it was good - but it was $35.00 an ounce.  For $35.00 I want a little more than some dried ham.  It came with a side of tomato bread, which I didn't know when I ordered it.  I HATE tomatoes.  I tried the bread, but I just couldn't do it, so I asked for some plain bread.When the bill came, I was charged $12.00 for the bread.  TWELVE DOLLARS.  I asked the waitress, who had been stellar to this point, and she said they charge the same price for bread with or without the tomato  TWELVE DOLLARS.  She apologized for not telling me, and I told her I never would have paid TWELVE DOLLARS for bread.  (seriously, 6 slices of french type bread.) and she said she'd see what she could do.  Two seconds later, she was back with the full bill. Did an an order of $12.00 bread ruin my experience?  Yes, yes it did.  What a stupid thing to upset a customer over.  Oh, I also had a $12.00 sangria.  It was adequate.  There's a place in Winters, I get a superior Sangria for $7.00.  Caveat Emptor.  Would I eat here again?  Before the $12.00 bread, yes.  After the $12.00 bread.  No.  I hope it was worth it.
5	The food & service here... Amazing! I've read reviews from others that have said some of their plates were okay but I guess I was lucky because everything I ordered was delicious.The food is on the pricier side as it states on this site, but it was worth every bite! If you're walking into an expensive restaurant on a tight budget I can see how you would be a critic! lol but everything was on point for me.We started with the brochette, very good. Then the lobster salad, I tore it up, we also had the garlic shrimp which in my opinion was the best, it was in this tomato-ey garlic sauce that makes my mouth water just thinking about it, to die for. For dessert Chocolate mouse with cookie crumbs & ice cream Mmmm, Mmmm Mmmm is all I can say. Jaleo I give an A+ to, & I will most definitely be coming back for more!
4	The food and service is amazing here! Be ready for a steep bill though and you may leave hungry.
4	Delicious!  My husband and I loved everything we had.  Maybe not worth the $20 for their specialty gin and tonic, but the food was outstanding.  Yes, it's pricey, but everything was in Vegas!  As for the atmosphere it is lively and loud.  I wouldn't consider it romantic.
5	I was so very pleased with this restaurant, with 20 of my closest friends traveling to Vegas, trying to secure a reservation without mortgaging my house was a feat in and of itself. Lauren was so helpful in setting up a wonderful menu for us with a reasonable price per head. When we arrived, they were ready for us, complete wiht a tasting menu with my name on it (such a cute little surprise), we must have tried over half the menu. At first I was a little concerned that there would not  be enough, boy was I wrong! There was plenty of food,  and it was all delicious!!! They were even obliging to the 1 vegetarian (I had advised thm of this up front, with the hope that it would be worked out at the time without incident :( but a quick chat with the manager and it was accommodated) offering her a couple of additional dishes to replace the carnivorous ones. I would recommend this restaurant for both small and large parties. And it is in the beautiful Cosmopolitan, you can't beat that. I loved the chicken poppers served in the shoe! The bruchetta was excellent and the paella was out of this world good!  OLE!
4	We walked in for lunch and had a great experience. The staff was great and we were seated immediately. The prices are steep for what amounted to be mediocre tapas but the flan was one of the best desserts I've ever had in my life.  I think it has a lemon foam and some kind of Spanish sorbet. I'm still trying to figure out how they made it taste so amazing.  Judging by the complexity of the dessert I'm sure the dinner service is amazing.
2	We were a party of 4 looking for dinner.   Walking though the Cosmo we wanted some fun tasty food.  We looked at the menu prior to entering and found the hostesses friendly and quick to help us.  The restaurant was about half full on a Monday night.  We arrived to our table, we sat for about ten to fifteen minutes waiting for someone to say hello.  After being greeted and poured room temperature water we ordered our drinks.  After about twenty five minutes our server took our order.  The menu is a bit different and thought the server should have taken some time to explain the menu and or any specials.  This did not happen.  The server looked and acted like she could care less about us being there.  One person in our party ordered Jose's Patatas Bravas for six dollars.  This was a bag of what appeared to be lay's chips topped with spicy tomato sauce.  What a joke, a bag of plain chips with the empty bag on the side.  My wife ordered the Manza salad which she did not like at all.  She found it to be bland.  The salad was also small but made no difference since she could not finish it because she could not stand the taste.  I had the spinach salad which actually tasted good but for eleven dollars found it to be very small.  My overall perception of the food quality was not great.  We felt as though the server could have been much more attentive as there was very very little interaction with us.   In the end we settled up and left still hungry.  I would not go back.
4	Deliciously fun experience! Live and energetic feel!  My boyfriend took me here on a date.... we started with their specialty gin and tonic.... followed by a selection of tapas chosen by our server as a sampler menu. I loved everything we had! Great mix of flavors and textures, such a fun experience and element of surprise letting the server make recommendations and choices for us.
4	First impressions are a lasting impression! I actually didn't know Jose Andres had a restaurant at Cosmo, and when I passed by it during the day, I was so excited I made a reservation on the spot for later that night. The ambience and decor was awesome! Colorful and very spanish, definitely reminded me of Spain. One of the tables even had foosball under that you could play with. now that was... awesome.We were seated promptly, and because it was a monday after EDC weekend, a lot of items on the menu were not available. It was saddening.. we were so hungry and all of the popular dishes were gone :( Anyways, we ordered:-Croquetas De Pollo- I love this dish at bazaar! Had to get it here, it was just as yummy but a little bit more salty.. It comes served in a shoe. When I asked the server why, she explained it was the brand Spanish Camper- the oldest shoe brand in Spain from a small village. Jose Andre wanted to support their company, so he created this "food on the run".. haha-Jamon serrano Fermin- delicious! Came with little bread sticks and it was so so good.-Ensaladilla rusa- ultimate spanish tapa: a salad of potatoes, mayo, and imported conserved tuna with spanish trout roe- after mixing it together, it was very rich and flavorful. Yum.-La Serena con membrillo- La Serena cheese, walnut dust, and quince paste cone- wasn't a big fan of this, the cheese was overpowering, usually love Jose Andres' cones but not this one.-Ostras Gin and Tonic- oysters with lemon, gin and tonic. So refreshing and light! These oysters were small and sweet- loved it! although we both had a slight allergic reaction to these oysters.-Paella valenciana rafael vidal- couldn't leave here without trying a paella! only paella they had left.. it had chicken, rabbit, and green beans, and was absolutely yummy. We finished every last piece of rice haha.Overall extremely yummy meal. Our server was very gracious and recommended and explained the dishes very well. She was like a Jose Andres dictionary- she really knew her information on the dishes and what was on it. The six dishes left us feeling satisfied for two- not too full and not too hungry. Total was about $120 without tip and we ordered a drink. I saw some reviews complaining about the prices and small portions, but hey- its Vegas. Also, Jose Andres' prices and portions are always consistent- Bazaar is similar to Jaleo in terms of that. This place isnt as good as Bazaar in LA (that place has a special place in my heart) but if I am back in Vegas, I would definitely come back and eat here!
4	Not a bad spot for lunch if you're looking to taste the paellas without breaking the bank.  I think there is a good offering for the price and will definitely add it to my local lunch rotation.  If you're a coffee fan, I do recommend some of the specialty coffee... they pack quite a caffeine punch to help you get through the rest of the day - especially if you're heading back to the office.
3	I give this pace 3.5 stars but can understand why some people give it 4. The food and service are 4 stars but the tapas are very overpriced. I have been in Spain many times and have tried many tapas (in fancy and not so fancy Spanish restaurants), but the prices in Jaleo are ridiculous particularly the cheese tapas. Highly recommend the paellas.
5	So delicious! There were so many veggie choices. We stopped in for a drink and a few plates mid afternoon. Perfect choice for snacking.
5	Excellent meal! We went here for my birthday dinner last night. We had an excellent bottle of Tempranillo. The paella valenciana (chicken & rabbit) was perfectly cooked. The bikini de jamon iberico was probably the best thing I've ever eaten! We also tried the rossejat (which was a pasta like version of paella). Again, another excellent dish! I would recommend sharing with 4 people because that dish was a lot for the two of us! Overall, an amazing meal with excellent service. I will return next time I am in Vegas.
5	Omg wonderful service and food! The vegetarian paella is the best I have ever had! Great venue for vegetarians and non vegetarians. Loved the drink menu as well. THe service is really good and I love the bell and yelling of paella every time they cook a big batch of paella. So festive. The decor is nice also. From the outside it doesn't look like much but the inside once you sit down is cute and modern. definitely will go back!
5	Came here on my birthday when it first opened and I was easily overwhelmed by the progressiveness.  It may have been my first foray into exquisite modern style dining.  It was the perfect place to begin eating in the upper echelon.  The service was fast and the atmosphere was up tempo.  I had the Lobster Paella.  Phenomenal!  A whole lobster on your plate with cuttle fish & chorizo.  The spices were definitely shipped from Espana.  La Sirena con membrillo was a small cone that tasted like some kind of creamy and slightly tarty cheese that I've never tried before.  Salmon crudo huevas salmon cones were a trip.  A salty poppy crisp from a tiny little cone shaped treat.  It fooled you because it looked like a raspberry ice cream cone but had such an umami flavor that lingers and matures into something you'll remember fondly.At the time there was a Sea Urchin dish that had a raspberry foam.  Wow now that was a first!  Creamy oceanic Uni mixed with a light and frothy pink sweetness.  Woah!  Hope they still have that on the menu..We had some Salmon Cream Cheese Rangoons.  They liked to play around with what you're used to and make it otherworldly.  This place was amazing when it first opened.  I don't see many of these dishes on the online menu anymore? Another one not on the menu anymore was a braised lamb rack.  Savory and buttery tender perfect.  There were Crab meat Stuffed Peppers.  Also some strange olive oil pur'e horderves.  The entire experience was mind expanding.  Your taste buds will never be the same.  Make sure to bring your checkbook and go big here.  Get all the exotic dishes you can translate.  Jaleo could be a truly unique experience if you are daring enough.
4	upscale but not snobby, Jaleo is a great spot for venturing into the world of tapas.the fried eggplants come out to be almost like zeppole, even drizzled with honey for additional sweetness. we had a goat cheese which was pretty good, but I can't recall which. the knockout meal was the rabbit/chicken paella (yes, a paella that I'd eat!) - a great contrast of flavors and textures.of course, had to wrap it up with flan with cream and oranges to finish!service was friendly, warm, and helpfuloverall, it was moderately priced, and we left satisfied but not tummy-achingly full. I would definitely come back. and they're on Opentable!
1	Really over priced. Expect to pay around 70 per person. The plates are good but not worth the price.
4	Food and atmosphere were terrific but the true stand out - the gin and tonic. Easily the best G&T I've ever had in the States. Large ice cube (a must in a good drink) and perfect combination of good gin and a crisp tonic. At $20 a pop it is a splurge (funny, it only costs $14 at Jaleo in D.C) but worth the indulgence. As for the food, the tapas we ordered were all good. Chorizo and manchego cheese cut perfectly and flavorful. So too was the tomato bread.  The croquettes were as described ('a chicken pot pie in every bite") but I do wonder why it came served in a sneaker. No need for gimmick when you have food this good.And, lastly, the service was spot on. Nice to have a server with an opinion. Trust the staff to lead your way and stretch yourself to try things you may not have in the past. Overall, great experience and would def. return.
4	One of the better tapa joints in Vegas.  Although, don't know what the heck happened.  They got rid of a bunch of their original dishes which were amazing!!!  Drinks are pricey but yummy...
5	We went here for my bachelorette-we ordered a ton of different things and shared which I think is the general idea since it's tapas so portions are small. Everything we had was super yummy and it was a very fun dining experience.I would definitely come back!
1	We've been here 3 times previous to last nights visit; always enjoyed, but last evening was completely disappointing!  Only paella available was one of five on menu (veggie only??), the strip steak dish was fatty, and as always my wife explained her lactose intolerance twice to the waiter and upon receiving a dish he had 'cleared' as dairy free, I suspected the appearance and asked again only to be assured it had no dairy....the Mrs dug in and minutes later he returns with an "oops sorry, chef says it DOES have heavy cream in it!   Well, seriously u just ruined our night...2 hrs later my wife had to end the evening in GI distress...not cool...we will never be back!
3	I think I would still pick Fireflys over this place.  This is an upscale tapas restaurant.  The ambiance and decor was appealing, but it was super noisy.  I felt like I had to yell at the person that I was talking to in front of me because it was so noisy.  Not exactly a place you would take a first date to (if you want to get to know them).  We went with a big group, so the menu we had was preordered.  Their food was good overall.  The only thing I didn't like was the salmon eggs.  It was really fishy and a bit too salty.  The paella was just okay.  Their deserts (chocolate mousse) was awesome though.
5	I've been here a few times. This place is excellent.  The venue itself is fun. I like being able to watch the paella being made.The wine selection is great. I've never had a disappointing wine.I've had a number of different tapas ranging from the paella (great) to chicken, fish, steak, and vegetables. They have all been excellently prepared and nicely presented.
5	I really liked food here. Small plates but big in flavor. Beautiful decor, whimsical, beautiful tile work behind the bar. Had chicken fritters served in a shoe, so good I almost took a bite out of the shoe. Had uni and a tomato lime shrimp plate-fantastic. Many more to try.
5	Food was soooo delicious!! My family and I tried lots of dishes which were all great but our favorite was the paella. It was soo soo good, it might have taken 45 minutes to prepare but the wait was TOTALLY worth it. Don't be intimidated by the rabbit in the paella, it tastes great.
4	Good food. Paella with shot ribs was good but expected better presentation for the price, just scooped on a plate with a salad in the side.Chorizo appetizer and the cheeses very good.Best dish for me was the garlic shrimp. Guess they are known for their gin and tonic, not sure how they taste, didn't want to spend 20 bucks on a gin and tonic!
5	Simply amazing experience. The food is top notch, the staff even more so. Pretty much tried as much as we could, and enjoed it all with a bottle of wine...everything kept getting better each course. Dont be an impatiant, whiney, jackass, sit back, soak up where you are, and try some perfectly executed food.
3	Really a 3.5 but kind of overpriced for what you get IMO.  Also I didn't care for a couple of the dishes at all and I was annoyed that I had to keep flagging down the waiter.Standout dishes:  Carne asada, lamb, paella with iberico ribs, chicken croquetas.Their chicken was not very good and I wouldn't recommend that at all, and although I enjoyed the pan de cristal con tomate fresco, I sure as hell didn't think it was worth $12 a plate.  Also I was annoyed they didn't have the salt foam margaritas that they have at the DC location.  Overall, most of the food was quite good but everything was generally overpriced.
4	My best friend and I were looking for a good place to eat before a night out on the town.. After yelping a couple places near where we were planning to go later on in the evening... We embarked on this place. And man, oh man, was it a good choice! Their tapas were good but nothing to write home about. I personally feel that the portion sizes were really small for the pricing and taste-wise they fell a little short of my expectations. Nonetheless, we sat at the bar and got great service. All the bartenders were really sociable & really nice. They made good recommendations of what to try and were very knowledgeable of the menu. I decided to get something that I normally don't order but when in Vegas, go nuts. SO! I ordered the rack of lamb. It was by far thee most delicious plate of food I have ever had in my entire 24.5 years of living. I know that sounds like such an over dramatic statement, but I'm not kidding. I will never forget that rack of lamb. It was so savory; the flavor literally exploded in my mouth haha. It kind of caught me off guard because the tapas were meh and then the lamb put me over the moon. I give this place four stars because of the service and the amazing rack of lamb.
5	Dined here back in June, and had an amazing time. So much fun. Food was delicious, creative, and presented with knowledge from our waiter. They were kind, patient and polite, since we were pretty drunk and had a lot of questions....Ordered the porron, which we got for free since we posted ourselves to Instagram pouring it in our mouth! Loved every second of it, and am planning to head down to D.C to dine at his other location. I forget what they gave me, but for my birthday and getting out of the Navy I got a free dish or dessert..Can't remember what it was though!
4	Solid high end tapas with a few standouts. I love Jamon Iberico and paired with the croqueta it is an amazing bite. We aslo enjoyed the Chicken and Rabbit paella, beet salad and Jamon Iberico sliders (a  must order). The paella can take a while so sit back and relax with some sangria and enjoy the food!
4	Came here for some late night snacks after a day of hanging out by the pool. We had some pizza around 5, so we weren't super hungry by the time we came here, around 9. I love the tapas concept and thought the food was fantastic, but it was really expensive (e.g., $14 for a martini). We spent around $170 with tip for two people. Really steep considering we didn't eat as much as we normally would have. I enjoyed the croquetas and goat cheese. Also enjoyed the mini fried shrimp with fried egg dish.
3	This is an update from a previous 8/5/14 review.  Following my post, the General Manager of Jaleo contacted me, apologized, and thanked us for the feedback.  He inquired into the details of the dietary restrictions and service staff.  He was extremely helpful in remediation and encouraged us to join them again on our next visit; given my group's positive experiences prior to this most recent visit, this will most likely occur!  Thanks Jaleo!
3	Our meal started off pretty weak with a soggy tortilla patata, teeny chorizo and a salty paella. I was really disgruntled and ready to leave, but we gave the waiter a chance to suggest food and he made some great choices. After a spinach salad, sliders and some lovely goat cheese we felt satiated. It was definitely not worth the $100 a person though.
5	always a good experience with this restaurant!
2	I am so very disappointed with Jaleo.  I actually wanted to eat at a Tapas restaurant in Aria but decided on Jaleo.  The waitress was amazing but....I have had better Tapas.  Everything we ordered was not even up to par except for the Gambas which was okay.  The squid was smaller than a dime mixed with beans, so there was approx. 7 tiny squids.  The crab croquette's texture was like tuna & the worst of all the idea of placing the croquette in a small paper bag inside a "tennis shoe"... it was actually disgusting. Green beans with goat cheese was just okay.  Paella with ribs could have been better if they cooked the rice.  Sangria was great but seriously for $54?  We have been to Tapas all over.  Frankly, years ago we tried Firefly....should have listened to YELP!!
4	Wasn't amazing. I've given everything about the Cosmo 4 stars so far because I was great.. But not amazing. Especially for the price. The server suggested so many things, even a great wine but they didn't deliver like he described. Verrryyyyy salty and the paella felt like it was leftovers warmed up. The cheese plate at the end was the only saving grace otherwise this would be 3 stars. It was artful and delicious. We had fun and the food was great but not what I wouldn't expected inside the Cosmo
4	AWESOME.Great service.Really good menu selections.We had a fantastic time and would strongly recommend it to anyone looking for a great dinner spot.GET THE MINI BURGERS...And the fig jam cheese...
4	the drinks were yummy and the food delicious!
4	The food was really good!! I enjoyed everything we got some a touch more then others but over all very good! Would definitely go back
4	Ever know you've hit the right place at the right time with the right attitude? I feel like our visit to Jaleo was a bit charmed. We only went for lunch, but we snared a splendid bartender who served us perfect cocktails, nice conversation and some damn fine food. Admittedly, it's hard to screw up jamon Iberico, but theirs was reasonably priced. The lunch menu is pretty small, but everything is done well. We tried a vegetarian paella and a Serrano sandwich, which came with a tangy and deeply vegetal gazpacho and a wonderfully light salad. As we were soon getting on a plane, we kept the drinks coming and kept getting surprised by how creative and delicious the cocktails were. I have mixed feelings about the Cosmopolitan because it seems to attract a lot of DBs, but it also seems to have some great restaurants. This is a good one, and it may warrant a dinner visit next time I'm in town.
2	Service was nom existent. The hostess was on her phone busy replying to texts while we stood there watching her while  waiting to be greeted and seated. We ordered the paella which ended up tasting more like dollar Chinese fried rice.  There were hard pieces of rice in almost every bite.  The portions of the paella were smaller than I'm used to being served. The upside was the gazpacho, which was extremely flavorful and ended up being the highlight of the meal.
3	This place was so loud at dinner, I couldn't even hear myself think. Forget about conversat'in with your friends... unless you want to warm up before the true shouting match at the club later. In fact, they bring the Paella through the restaurant with the same fanfare as $1000 bottle service at the clubs... hmmmmm.Portions are tiny, so be prepared to order a lot of dishes. It's tapas in Vegas. While not as 'happening' (aka loud), we had much better food at Julian Serrano.
4	Chicken croquetas in a tennis shoe. Wow. Ordered it 3 times. Wine was great and the scalllops, skirt steak, patatas bravas had great flavor. Great place to go with a group and have a good ambiance and service.
1	Total scam. We came for tapas, and ordered four plates. One of them was patatas bravas, which turned out to be a bag of potato chips (with the bag!) covered in tomato sauce and mayo. The waiter did tell us that this dish "is not traditional but rather consists of thin potatoes" . That's called potato chips, 20c/bag. The beef sliders were salty and full of fat- no other flavors. Their "signature shrimps" were mildly cooked and had little flavor as well.When the bill came, they also double counted each of our drinks.
5	David Oseas (GM) & his team took a zing care of us last night. We showed up as a group of 8 at 9pm and by 10:30pm we'd been through something like 6 courses of amazing food. Highlights included the ham, the steak and the gambas. It's easy to see why this place is popular.
4	Wow.  Loud.   Service is attentive but a little rushed.Paella was ok...but mass produced and not made to order and devied up table side.Wine list is on iPad and soooo confusing.  Mainly Spanish wines.Everything tasted great.  Don't expect your mainstream Spanish fair.  More eclectic food choices. Priced right up there to complement the location. Portion sizes are weeeee small. :-/
5	Jaleo - if you like Tapas - and you're and Vegas this is must!  Please try the world famous shrimp - the cauliflower with dates and olives outstanding!  Our server Mary was awesome - and kudos to Dave - GM - the olives were amazing!
5	We have been looking for a good Spanish Restaurant that serve Tapas, and fortunately we found it , the cheese, cured ham, eggplant was wonderful. For main course we ordered the roast pork, this one didn't meet our expectation, when the manager asked if everything was ok, we said yes but the pork, and when we got our bill , we were surprised that they took it off the check, great service!
5	Great service and excellent food. We had our server pick out the entire meal and he did a fantastic job. We started with endives with mandarin almonds and something else I can't remember. We had croquettes serve in a shoe...they were amazing but the show was weird...apparently the chef trying to be cute....but kind of tacky but I guess that flys here in sin city.  We also got shrimp, steak and bruschetta which were all equally amazing but our favorite was the carne asada steak. The dessert was the French toast and was awesome. I would recommend jaleo to even my most picky foodie friends . Again the service was so good it rivaled the best in NYC.
4	The lobster paella was one of the best things I've ever eaten! Our waitress suggested that we (two people) share 3-5 tapas and share one order of the lobster paella. So we got the tomato toast, jamon serrano, octopus with peewee potato and the paella. The tomato toast and jamon serrano were SOOO good! The octopus was good too, but definitely got overshadowed by the other two. The real showstopper was the lobster paella!  Let's just say next time I come I'm definitely getting my own order, no sharing!! I would gladly give up any of the tapas and just eat the lobster paella. The only complaint was the wait for the paella - we waited for a good half an hour after we finished our tapas to get the paella. But was it worth it? Absolutely!
1	Worst overpriced tapas I've ever had. The shrimp was delicious, although everything else was average to sub-par.
3	The food was actually bomb again smaller smaller tapas and what normal top it should be played at but the food was delicious and I would go again for maybe a date or if I had one of my girlfriends who are into that Spanish style come and see me.  Overall pretty boring but great great customer service!
4	Wonderful service and great food.  I had the Barrica wine to start off with and it was very smooth.  Our waiter suggested we share 3-4 tapas per person and that was probably too much for us.  3 tapas and a paellla would have been the perfect amount, but it was nice to try a little more.  We had (and I don't remember the tapas names) the huevitos with caviar, oysters Gin and Tonic, beet salad, chicken fritters, gambas ajillo, and chicken and mushroom paella.  I was looking forward to the lobster paella since it was so highly reviewed, but they only make 2 of the listed paellas a night and the lobster paella was not one of them.   It was a little loud, but it is located in The Cosmopolitan, which is a little loud for me in general.  But no complaints about the food and service.  We'll be back the next time we are in Vegas!
3	My girlfriends and I recently took a trip to Vegas and dined at Jaleo one night.  They gave us this fun, private room which was nice to be away from the shopping-mall feel of the rest of the restaurant.I thought the cocktails were good and the service was quite nice.  However, the food left a lot to be desired.  Everything was incredibly salty and nothing was a stand-out.  My friends and all I agreed that we could not even decide on what the "best" dish was because none of them were all that great.  The ham was pretty good as was the paella - though they only make two different kinds per night and the seafood one was not being made.  I think one of the salads was pretty all right too.Overall, we ordered a lot of food and the price did not seem all that crazy (for Vegas) so in terms of convenience and service, this is not a bad choice...there are just so many other's in Vegas it would be hard to recommend Jaleo.
3	I found this place to be pretty mediocre. I was with a group of 5.  Our waitress kept telling us that we EACH needed to order at least 5 tapas or we would be hungry.  Um...no.  We ordered about 12 total for the table and that was more than enough, but good for her to try and drive the bigger sale. The paella was the star, but everything else was just ok.  Had some tomato bread with serrano ham, the grilled shrimp, and oysters were decent.  The chicken fritters were gross and didn't care for the chorizo either. Service was only so-so - very aggressive waitress and slow drink service.
2	This was the worst meal I've had in Vegas. There were a couple of things that were okay, but then a few that were just bad. Salty scallops, an odd taste to the Rossejat. I think the best thing that we had was the tortilla. I didn't even like my cocktail. What a huge disappointment from a place I was so excited to try!To top it off, we were seated in a private room that had spotlights on each of the place settings, so it felt like we were in an interrogation room. Weirdly, those were the only lights in the room that couldn't be dimmed. I rarely leave bad reviews, but most people only have a couple of nice dinners while they are in Vegas, and I would be remiss if I didn't tell you to avoid this place. Womp.
4	Went with a client.  Great food and interesting dishes.  I would say give it a try has a unique ambiance and ask your waiter for recommendations.  Rabbit meat fried rice very interesting and tasty well cooked meats.
5	Service and food was impeccable. I'm very impressed to say the least. I'll be coming back and Bringing my friends. From the paella to the flan it was amazing. Every bite I tasted was on point. I'm very impressed.
3	The ambiance was modern and fun. The food was ok. I know Spanish tapas are small plates but even the paella was merely a soup bowl amount. They had me wait 1 hour for the paella and it came out very salty. The $20 gin and tonic was Very good. It is worth getting once. Too pricey to get again at least on a single order. The sangria was ok.
1	So here's my deal with this place. The service was shit on Thanksgiving. There weren't that many people, but plenty of workers and servers. I don't understand why it takes over 15 minutes to place an order. I don't understand why it takes 40 minutes to get the food out. No one poured us water until we're about to leave. Getting the check took over 10 minutes, and getting the card back was another 15min. YOU GOT TO BE KIDDING ME!The food was not mind blowing, and the paella had an odd bitter stinky taste for the chicken and rabbit, but it was still good. The veggie paella I can do without and I wanted to cancel that order because it took 35 minutes to come out. I literally spent hours at this place waiting for crap to come out.The fennel salad, don't bother, the apples were too sour, it doesn't compliment the overly dressed fennel. The scallops were not bad, but damn were they small and expensive, only comes in a pair!The mini sliders were not sliders, they were button size, super tiny for $8 each.The roasted cauliflower was good, though throwing some mushrooms would have been nice.I was disappointed with the service, and the food does not compensate it either.I thought about 2 stars, even wrote them a note about 2 stars, but now I'm thinking about the way they treated us, and how rude and unfriendly they were, 1 star. You guys really did not deserve a tip at all. This is the WORST restaurant I've been in Vegas. AND I HAVE BEEN to E by Jose ANDRES, such disappointment.
5	Jaleo is excellent. Service - our waiter, Patrick, was all class and a cool guy. He created a nice flow with our dishes and kept our waters full and cocktails coming. He knew the menu well and this is one of those restaurants where that's important, cuz you're going to be ordering around 3 dishes per person. Food - I really liked the tapas style and we ordered - bacalao, piquillo peppers, chicken and mushroom paella, a sharp smokey cheese plate, scallops, and the Iberica Bellota Jamon. The paella was the best I've had outside of Spain and my grandma's house. My buddy and I almost wanted more, addictive stuff. The Jamon was crazy good. Those 2 dishes really stood out, as some of the tastiest things I've eaten in a while. The rest of the meal was solid, tasty and well executed. We finished with french toast topped with vanilla ice cream and apples. It was a delicious, please order it. Drinks - this place has the best gin and tonics you'll ever have, they have 5 different ones and the Citrico was my favorite. Order them, trust me. Also the coffee was really really good, my buddy, whose not a coffee guy, loved it. It comes out in a french press with hour glass type timers to let you know when it's ready, and it tells you when it's reached light/medium/dark roast. Price - worth it. Environment - it's a pretty fancy place, but feels fun and not stuffy. It's well decorated, as is every little detail in the Cosmopolitan, that place is so sexy. Perfect for dates. Go here, it's delicious.
5	Gin tonic was great.  I am Spanish, and I was stunned by the creativity behind some of the reinventions of the most traditional dishes. The ensaladilla rusa was just great, and so was the torrija. If anything, I would mention that I think that he deserves a better location. The place looks like a side walk-in on a mall upper floor...but that is looking for something to say. It's a job well done!
5	Talk about un almuerzo perfecto! I had a fantastic lunch here on my last day in Vegas. Originally planning on going somewhere else in the Cosmo for lunch, we instead ended up here and it was a perfect choice. Not that we were surprised - it's Jose Andres, after all.The lunch menu offers a $26 prix fixe menu of salad, gazpacho and a choice of paella of the day or sandwich(es) of the day; there is also a fantastic a la carte selection of cured meats and other small dishes; and of course, no tapas meal is complete without a pitcher of sangria (which quickly escalated our lunch to well over $100 for two).The paella that day was a chicken and mushroom, which at first I was skeptical of. My heart is very loyal to seafood paella, but I gave this a shot and it was outstanding. The chicken (all dark meat) was tender and juicy, the rice was cooked to perfection and with rich flavors, and the whole thing was served with a garlic aoili that was spread across half the plate. Yummmm.For the sandwich option, there were three to choose from. We opted for the chorizo/tomato sandwich and it, too, was a winner. Light, crispy and flavorful, served with Jose Andres' own pink himalayan salt potato chips. From the a la carte menu, we were tempted to order a few dishes, but knew our eyes were bigger than our stomachs. There was plenty of food already for the two of us, but we had to try a little something extra.We went with the endives and oh. my. goodness.The endives/goat cheese/orange/almonds dish might've been the single most refreshing combination of flavors I've tasted all year. I could've had 10 orders of that and called it a day.For dessert, we had the flan. I prefer a simple, traditional flan, but still ate every bite of this creative take on it. It was served with orange slices, a sorbet and a whipped creamy something. No complaints here!I love when a meal - unplanned and unresearched - delights and surprises. Jaleo hit the spot.
3	So, my wife and I tried to go tapas style food for once. Jaleo is located on the Third Floor in the Cosmopolitan. First thing I wanna say is its a very nice resto. When they lead you to your table, you will pass the station where they cook those expensive paellas. We got the Eggplant Malaga style ($9), Rossejat ($20), Gambas Al Ajillo ($16), and Spanish Flan with 'espuma' of Catalan cream and oranges ($12). The eggplant dish was pretty much 3 donuts stuffed with eggplant and honey drizzled over. It tasted good but paying 9 bucks is way overpriced. The Rossejat was like (filipino reference alert) pancit with small shrimp and a spoonful of mayo. It tasted ok but I wouldn't order that again. The Gambas were best tasting with the garlic and tomato sauce. The sauce was so good that I had to use the complimentary to finish it (hey, it was $16). The flan was good with the oranges and something crunchy that they put on the cream to give the dish some crispy texture. Would I come back again? Yes I would but only to try the paellas. Note: They have 5 paellas but 2 of the 5 are only available daily (heh?). Im glad to try Jose Andres's food but eating tapas style here comes with price.
1	Over priced, bad service.  Tiny portions, avg tasting, will not be back!
4	After going to e' by jose' andre's I had had a hard time letting myself go.  My mistake.We had a friend who had a friend visiting form out of town and she is a foodie so we decided tapas is the way to go.  We choose right, I will not go on and on about what we chose because the menu does change.  We had an amazing server who could help us choose wine for our palates not for our food she actually had a very good knowledge of wines and it flavors, she choose mine perfectly and gave me the option to change later but I enjoyed it so much I didn't.  Next is food being a newb for the front of the house we needed guidance we asked and she responded.  Boy oh boy did she respond well, every corse we asked about she told us yes or no or guided us to something we may like better.  We loved EVERYTHING the manager even came over at one point and we asked about the Porron http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Porron      it is so much fun and so worth the money a definite must do!!!!!!!We left so happy we were treated amazing, personable and approached in a way that we felt at home.We will be back!
3	This restaurant is a little pretentious and pricey. It does have some outstanding dishes and some uremarkable ones. The parkas are imaginative and tasty but rather small for price . Definitely not a good value for your dollar!
2	Its the worst restaurant in Vegas. Terrible  price terrible food!!I wont go there again....
1	The lunch is bad .... It dont be worth the price 30$ ... no way. and the service is soso...the worst thing is I filled 9 (15%) tips because i feel soso but they add the tips to 20% themselves. Asshole..
4	The food is great but portions are really small, even for tapas. Come for the great wine and tastes but expect to be ready for a burger when you leave.
2	I keep falling for famous chef-branded restaurants. The service was great, but the food is overpriced and average. Also, there was an odd smell floating throughout our meal. We think it was a dirty rag used to clean nearby tables.
5	This place is so amazing . Why does anyone else even make food ? It's a reason to come to Vegas . I mean really
1	I have heard so many good things about this place, had to give it a tryUGH, expectations are a bad thing to have sometimes....ordered a few dishesstarted with the cheese plate selection....badthe one that sticks out was a goat cheese brie???? positively awful, kind of what I would imagine a urinal cake tasting like....had to spit out in napkin...that badwent on to apple and fennel salad, again bad choicenot sure how you screw up this one, maybe a bit heavy handed with Sherry/vinegar?in any case, sent this back as wellthird, tried the cauliflower, which was cooked ok, but the dusting of paprika kind of killed the taste for usfourth came the lamb, probably the only edible dish of the night, cooked well, but a bit heavy handed with the salt.....edible at leastfifth, the paella with various vegetables, which they told us into our meal was not available (went bad?)offered us the remaining available one, chicken and rabbit, but by that time we were pretty much done with this place, and why take the second best of only two choices of paella available that night?I can say that the service was decent, and that even though we did not have a good meal....or any meal at all, the manager was extremely attentative. It was refreshing that he came to our table after the first two dishes were taken away and he noticed we had not touched much of either. I really hate to give the place such a low rating based on his concerns. Not too many places would show such concern, and especially on the strip, most would probably have just let us suffer. He took care of the check as well, which was appreciated.I have had friends rave about this place, so maybe in future we might give it another shot, but there are so many choice in Vegas now, hard to give this a second try.......
5	Of all the restaurants we went to in Vegas, this one was our family's favorite (and we really liked and enjoyed ALL the places we went to!). We loved the whole "tapas" experience, and sampling a variety of dishes, the variety of tastes and food. Our hostess and server were unbelievably nice. Service was really attentive. We liked the open grilling/roasting pit where you can watch them roasting a piglet on a rotating spit (weird, but fascinating,) and a humongous pig's leg (it's like a mesmerizing car accident. You can't look away). There's something reassuring about watching your food being prepared. I like the transparency aspect of the kitchen, and hearing the sizzling and smelling the wonderful aromas.We ordered many different dishes including endives & goat cheese (this was our favorite!), garlic shrimp, grilled chicken with mustard sauce, and a bunch of other plates. All were delicious and devoured. We loved this restaurant! I wish there were one here in Seattle; we'd be regulars! Next time we're in Vegas, we are definitely coming back here.
5	I really enjoyed myself here. The Service Atmosphere Food I have not complaints. There was a group of 15 of us and we ordered pretty much a bit of everything and it was pleasing and mouth watering.
