5	This is one of the awesome breakfast joints in Madison.  If you love pancakes, you will be ecstatic over this joint which offers about 50 varieties of the fluffy doughy disc-shaped treats.  Very crowded with suburban families on the weekends, so be prepared for a possible lengthy wait.  Its worth it though.  Better yet, skip classes on weekday mornings to enjoy without the crowds and kids.
5	I love the pancake house.  Love it love it love it.  In Madison, there is no equal.You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  The omelets are four eggs, fluffy and baked, and probably larger than your face.  For a small upcharge, you can swap out the buttermilk pancakes on the side with any of the other specialty cakes.  I'd highly recommend the wheat germ pancakes (hearty and slightly sweet) or the 49er flapjacks (flat like a crepe, but doughier, and well, gooey).  All of their crepes are divine, and if you don't mind waiting a little longer, their oven-baked pancakes (the signature dutch baby and apple pancake) are phenomenal.  With Brennan's across the street, they often purchase fresh fruit in the summer for daily specials - keep an eye out for anything they create with fresh peaches.The weekend wait is worth it.  You can get in quickly on weekday mornings for a fast bowl of oatmeal with brown sugar and cream.  Oh, be forewarned - the coffee is only for those with strong stomachs.Family owned and run, with servers who have been working there for years, if you come here often enough they'll soon learn your name, how you like your eggs, and if you're lucky, they'll provide you service with a hug.
5	Thick cripsy bacon.  The best bacon in the world.  mmmmm...bacon.  Supposedly they have great pancakes but who the hell knows.  Its all about the thick cripsy tasty bacon.  Just kidding the pancakes are great and the omlettes are huge.  My favorite were the blueberry with the real blueberries in them not some crappy jam type substance.  They have some other Original House of Pancakes throughout the midwest and I even went to one in Hawaii.  If you go get the bacon.  OHOP closes early on the weekend.  Nothing is worse than being hungover thinking about bacon driving from campus and finding out its closed.  Call ahead.
5	Eggs.Pancakes.Fresh Fruit.Probably cholesterol on a diner like dish, but WHOAAAA nelly!!!  OH SO GOOD!!!!!It's the kinda place that you see in a Norman Rockwell vacation... And it's THAT good!!!!Screw Mickeys.... OPH is da bomb!!Bonus points if you order the 4 egg omelette that frankly will feed 3 people, and if you order it for you, you'll have a meal to go for days...OH LAY OFF PEOPLE, I"M A POOR STUDENT!!!!!
4	Always go here for breakfast when I am in town. Their omelets are the best I have ever had.  Personally I always get the Western Omelet.On the weekends expect to wait about 30-40 min in the morning.  Arrive Sat or Sunday an hour before they close (1PM) and get seated right away.The restaurant is very plain, so come for the food and food only.  5 stars on food, 3 stars on atmosphere.Bring Cash.
5	This is how breakfast should be done everywhere.  HUGE portions of fantastic and flavorful fare for super cheap with friendly and attentive staff.  The Dutch Baby is their claim to fame, I think, but the other standard dishes (like simple eggs, sausage & hash browns) are also very delicious.  I only wish I had one closer to me in LA.
4	I generally prefer more of a greasy spoon or a diner experience for breakfasts but you cant deny that this is a very good place.  Service is always good and the bathrooms are always clean.  Try the fresh squeezed orange juice.
3	i guess this place is pretty good.i'm not sure i'm head-over-heels about it like everyone else is.the first time i went there, i got one of those 4-egg omelettes that they oven bake.  i was definitely not too keen on it.  yes, it was huge and yes, you could feed an army with it, but i felt like it was overdone 'cuz the crispy burnt outside really distracted from the eggy, hammy goodness on the inside that i wanted to taste.i actually had avoided going back since then because usually when i brunch i go the omelette route but.. . .i went back recently for a friend's birthday, however, and tried the combo plate.  i liked that this option existed since it was just 1 egg (cooked however you want it), 1 sausage patty (or whatever meat option) and 3 buttermilk pancakes.  it was like i got to have all the different foods but in smaller portions so that i could actually eat it all.a friend got potato pancakes with his eggs benedict which looked awesome!   i'm not sure how you can go wrong with thin fried crispy slivers of mashed potatoes though.  the eggs benedict themselves actually didn't look that great and honestly made me just yearn for the amazing eggs benedict at cafe continental.the wait was 45 minutes at noon on sunday.  yes, it's the sunday brunch crowd, but that's quite a wait.  i'm hungry and i'm hungry now.one point off for the wait.one point off for the omelette.one point for extensive menu.one point for good combo plate and those potato pancake things.one point for good service.you have won me back for now, original pancake house.don't let me down.
3	This place was pretty good. The food was decent (I don't know how to mess up breakfast food), but not spectacular. I had an egg/pancake/bacon combo and it was pretty cheap. The bacon was done to perfection. A little crispy, a little chewy. The pancakes weren't very large or particularly delicious. The eggs were done just about right.There was also a pretty long wait. I don't like waiting, especially if the food isn't the best. I doubt I will ever plan on going here again, but if somebody were to invite me, I wouldn't say no.
5	The two years I lived in Madison, I went to this Original Pancake House location almost every Sunday.   I didn't even mind the wait--it gave me an opportunity to read the newspaper.  I usually got pancakes, bacon, and hash browns.  Their hashbrowns are more like an oniony hashbrown cake with an almost mashed potato like interior.  One time I tried their orange juice, and then that became part of my Sunday routine as well.    This place made me regret each time I had previously poisoned myself with Perkins' pancakes.I try to make it a point to go here whenever I'm back in town.
5	I usually order approximately 6 different things when I eat at OPH.  There are no other restaurants where you can actually like that many things at once.  I'm also a huge fan of the servers, some of which I have recognized for my entire life.  I don't think you can beat that for charm.
2	Maybe I'd give this place 2.5 stars if I could. Maybe. I have been to the Pancake House about three times and I have never been overly impressed.  I just don't get it when people give a breakfast restaurant five stars then say something like: "OMG I loooovvveee the scrambled eggs and white toast, so good!!!!!" The food is decent, but there really is nothing on the menu that wouldn't taste just as good or better if you spent 10 minutes making it at home.
2	Looonnngg wait, suppose it's worth it to some, but definitely not one of my fave brunch places.  Great OJ, however.
3	Pretty tasty, but accepts no cards, and usually has a long wait. I can't say it stands above other pancake/breakfast places around the city but it's certainly not bad and very cheap!
3	Long waits for decent food. Might be worth it for something beyond just eggs and toast. There is a wide variety of special items on the menu.
4	Atmosphere is almost non-existant in this former Italian restaurant, but the food is consistently good.  Obviously a breakfast place, it serves up the best bacon, sausage, pancakes, and eggs.   And those hash browns?  No one else bakes them like they do.  For the wife, the Dutch Baby is heaven.  The grandkids all want to come here.  It is a busy place, especially in weekends so bring the newspaper (if you can find a print version somewhere) and enjoy the little ambience they have (outside).  Prices are a little high but not at all outrageous.  And if you can keep on the good side of Mary Ann, you will get VIP treatment once she knows you.  Yes, you could make all of this stuff at home, but who the heck wants to?
3	A solid three-star establishment, it probably deserves 3.5 - 3.75 stars.  Not much to add that hasn't already been said; the place is part of a chain restaurant, they don't accept credit cards, and the weekend waits are ridiculous.Best bets: visit on a weekday morning.  We usually go on Friday mornings, and there's never any type of wait for a table.  Food is served fast - you can get in and out in 20 minutes if you're in a big rush.  They have great coffee - smooth and mellow, and the waitstaff does a great job of keeping your cup "fresh" and "topped-off."  Pancakes have a wonderful flavor; my recommendation is to go with the plain 'ole cakes... adding other things like bacon, chocolate chips, blueberries, and so on just detracts from the real star: the pancake.Waffle choices are many, but alas, all are Belgian, so be advised.  If you like a crispier, more dense waffle, look elsewhere.  Bacon is good; thick cut, not greasy, and plentiful.  All things considered, the Pancake House on University = WIN.Food = 3.75 stars (tasty, good portions, good variety)Service = 4 stars (fast and attentive)Value = 3.25 stars (breakfast for 2 will set you back about $20 + tip)Etc = 1.25 stars (no credit/debit cards?  Really??)
4	This regional chain is the place to go to eat gigantic portions of good-enough pancakes and eggs surrounded by senior citizens and high school students.  The standout here is the surprisingly tasty, lacy-thin potato pancakes, which they serve, correctly, with apple sauce and sour cream.  The bacon pancakes are another welcome innovation. Things to be aware of:  1.  Go weekday mornings to avoid long waits. 2.  Cash only.  3.  Many items can be ordered in half-portions (otherwise known as "normal-sized portions") making the OP an even cheaper place to have breakfast.
5	I used to like The Pancake House for their huge menu, amazing options, great service and good coffee and that fresh OJ.  Then I got the Dutch Baby.....and I don't even look at the extensive menu anymore.  Show me a place in Madison, that doesn't have screaming kids and a long wait on the weekends, and I'll show you a miracle!  Expect to wait for your breakfast on weekends....it's a given.  If you don't like what you ordered, order something different the next time - their menu is HUGE!  We have never been disappointed, and always bring out of towners here to eat - my mom starts to request her Dutch Baby as soon as she hits state lines.  TIP: once the wait was 45 minutes, and we were all starving and tired and we asked the host desk for coffee while we waited and they happily obliged...coffee makes any wait easier!!
5	One of our favorite breakfast places.  Make sure to go early to avoid long waits due to the popularity of the restaurant.  The specialty items like Apple Pancake, Dutch Baby, and baked 4 egg omelets plus excellent coffee and friendly service is what sets this place apart from others in town.  This past weekend, they had pumpkin pecan pancakes as a special and were excellent.
4	4.5 stars I have been enjoying the food here for over 10 years, back when they were in Hilldale. The new location doesn't have the same eating-in-your-grandparent's-kitchen feel, but the food is just as delicious. The servings are generous, especially for the price point. The only downfall is the amount of time you can wait at peak meal times. I don't recommend going at 11am on a Saturday. You'll probably be waiting 20 - 30 minutes for a table, and there isn't much seating available while you wait. My favorites are the blueberry crepes with homemade whipped cream and the chocolate chip pancakes. The homemade whipped cream is fantastic. The omelets are also good. The coffee is strong but smooth and they're very good about coming around and refilling your mug.
5	By far the best breakfast in town. Good, clean, simple err "classic?" breakfast food without pretension. Fresh orange juice & strawberries. It is a small, nationwide chain (around 75), although each one is managed pretty independently and the menu tailored.Also, as in anywhere the cleanliness of the kitchen & choice of ingredients matters, and this is why I think they do so much better than the others. Many of the standard items, though (like the apple pancake) is superb.This is all fine, but the staff is really what makes it excel. Everyone treats you like family.It's true that the weekend waits are long. You might take this as a sign. The early mornings and weekends are less crowded, but it doesn't have the same lively vibe.
2	The last time I TRIED to go here I originally wanted them to do take out.  I called up and asked if they do take-out and was treated extremely rudely on the phone.  The person on the other end was quite self-righteous about the notion that they don't do take out.  I think it's idiotic.  What if I go there, order, then ask for my dish to be boxed up immediately?  Is that different than take-out?  Frustrated, my companion and I tried to actually go there instead, but found the "Closed" sign very punctually displayed at 1:30 on a Sunday.  Again, I found this odd.  Nearly every breakfast joint in town stays open until at least 2 PM on Sundays, and the half-hour closing is odd and hard to remember.  Sometime, I'd like to actually go there again, as I remember the omelets to be quite good.When this restaurant was in Hilldale's parking lot it was much more appealing.  Far easier to get to from downtown, larger, and less annoying to wait at, and a wait is always required.  I find the new location to be strange, on a thoroughfare between shopping areas and squat and office-like.  Obviously I've had better days at ye olde OPH.
2	Definitely a varied menu with many choices, but each option only differs slightly from the next and a lengthy menu equals quality by no means. Pancakes to me are a breakfast treat, a couple times a month indulgence. And so when I eat one, I want it to be really, really good. These guys just don't equate to more than some en mass batter topped with a few varied ingredients. Maybe next time I'll opt for one of the house specialties--definitely look good in the picture--look like more than your average pancake.
3	If I could give 3.5 stars, I would. I've been here twice and I definitely like it. I'm not from here but went to college in Madison so we usually go out to breakfast here when I'm in town.We went on a Sunday at 9:30 with a group of 18 and miraculously we were seated (we had a few people get there around 9:10 to warn them). This is extremely rare as far as I understand. Usually the wait time is long for even a group of 4. So that was impressive and the staff was very nice and accomdating, especially for a group of our size.I've had the apple pancake in the past and it is YUM. It's huge and delicious and like nothing I've ever had before. The downside is that it takes a long time to be prepared. So this time I opted for the apple waffle (no extra preparation time). It was really good, nice amount of apple and cinnamon. It was a regular sized belgian waffle and didn't come with anything though. I definitely could have eaten more.Many of my friends got combo platters which were definitely a better deal (like $8-9 for eggs, pancakes and meat). The pancakes were fluffy and light and there were a couple choices of syrups (regular, strawberry and maybe one other). The eggs were standard. My fiance loved the sausage. But no one stated that the combo was anything out of this world.I was intrigued by their bacon pancake. Maybe I'll attempt that one next time.I say if you want to go, go during an off peak time and try their super specialties like the apple dutch baby and apple pancake. OH and one big thing: CASH ONLY. ATM is on site but I'm sure it charges a ton so be prepared.
5	LOVE this place. My absolute favorite breakfast place in the city. Great service, great food. You may have to wait a while for a table when they are busy, but it's worth it. My girlfriend and  I are regulars, and the staff know and recognize us at this point. We find ourselves here just about every weekend. My favorite menu item is the eggs benedict. I order this nearly every time. Also delicious is the hash browns, which, if you order them extra crispy only need a little dash of salt to top them off(cheese ruins them!). But really, you can't go wrong here. Everything on the menu is great. There are TONS of different pancake variations you can get. It's really a pancake lover's dream.There is another location in Monona, which is closer to us. However, we come to this location because the cooks seem to take some extra care in the preparations, and this one just seems less "greasy spoon"  to us. While they use the same recipes, the end result is just better at this location in our opinion.
5	Over the past 15 years I have to have been here at least 100 times (seriously). The food is always good quality, hot, the service courteous and efficient, and although I see that some people have commented that the portions are small, I have no idea what they are talking about. The salami and eggs (an oven baked omelet of sorts, and a personal favorite) is literally dinner-plate sized - it covers the whole darn plate. The dutch baby (also a favorite) is an eggy baked pancake concoction that is delicious slathered with butter, sprayed with fresh lemon juice, then sprinkled with powdered sugar. The hash browns are crispy and brown on the outside, soft on the inside, and cooked in one mass. Get cheese on top and they're even better. Yes, it isn't cheap, but with dozens of varieties of pancakes, waffles, omelets, crepes, etc to choose from, everyone I've ever taken has been happy at the end of the meal. The same staff has been here over the years, which tells me that they're treated well by the owners, and that means something to me too. I love this place, and plan to visit here at least 100 more times.
4	Exactly the same food I grew up eating (and loving) as I lived across the street from their location on Bellevue in downtown Chicago.This location is kind of depressing decor-wise, but hey, you're there to eat, not to watch an episode of HGTV.Fluffy, oven-baked omelettes, Dutch Babies, thick-cut bacon -- everything is top notch and cooked to order. Even their coffee is first-rate. You can't go wrong with anything you order.Our service was spectacular. We had a group of ten and our server never missed a beat. Everything was delivered to our table at the same time, which is hard to do with a large group. We had a number of sides and special orders; nothing was missing and everything was cooked as specified. I'm not sure if that's because one of our group is a very regular customer, but judging by the way she handled all of her other tables, I'd say that the servers here are on top of their game.It was nice to have a little taste of home away from home.
4	Best place for breakfast in Madison. Hands down, if I'm there in the morning time, this place is my first stop, no matter how long the wait. I mean seriously, it doesn't matter, this food is always top notch. I am sad to have been blessed with the gift of having non-cooking friends in Fitchburg, only to lose them to Seattle, thus losing my connection to the Madison Pancake House. Doubt I'll go to another location, my expectation is too high.
5	Oh my goodness, the Dutch Delight is the perfect blend of a filling wholesome breakfast and fresh fruit goodness... It's like my birthday and Christmas rolled into one! Delicious. The pancake is so incredibly fluffy, shaped like a giant pie crust, and stuffed with sweet juicy strawberries and bananas!As for service... Well, let's just say my coffee mug never gets below an inch from the top. The server comes around for refills every few minutes. But then again, it is 7:30 in the morning, with only a few tables. It might be different when the place fills up in about an hour... Not sure.
4	Great breakfast place with Great service.  We had:  Eggs over easy, eggs over medium, hashbrowns, coffee, English muffin, rye toast.  What an amazing thing to actually get eggs over medium when asked for.  The sign of a truly great breakfast place.  That & good coffee.Watch out for the huge pot holes in parking lot.  Ah, WI winters.
5	Great breakfast joint with excellent, tasty dishes at a reasonable price.One of my top 3 places in Madison for breakfast.The chocolate chip pancakes are amazing -- with gooey chips blended in the batter with fresh whipped cream on top.Their over-baked apple pancakes, omelettes are also highly recommended as are the crepes and waffles. I guess, that covers pretty much most of their menu! :-)Love their fresh-squeezed OJ as well - just the right amount of sweet and tart.The place does get pretty packed though and they don't take reservations (you get a number when you check in) or credit cards. So keep those in mind.The best fast seating tip - ask to be seated at the counter. Usually it clears up faster and you don't have to wait for long (assuming you don't mind sitting at the counter with other strangers :-))
5	So, I love a good breakfast. Enough said. My husband and I took my brother, who is not normally impressed with breakfast to the Original Pancake House. He was really impressed.It is a busy place, due to the great service and amazing food. So, be ready to wait. It is well worth the wait however. Everything from their fresh squeezed orange juice, to the Belgian waffles, to their sausage is wonderful.It looks like a dinky hole in the wall place, and does not even have the same advertising as other Original Pancake houses around the country, but who cares because the food is exceptional. Please do not pass up the opportunity for the breakfast of a lifetime. Yum!
4	My parents live less than a mile from this place, and whenever we visit (from Norcal) we make it a point to eat here -- and we've never been disappointed.  If you are used to the tasteless mush they serve at IHOP or Denny's you will be pleasantly surprised.I'm rather partial to the buckweat pancakes or 49er flapjacks, and my wife is crazy for the corned beef hash, which is homemade and nothing like the stuff that comes from a can (and is what you usually find in restaurants.)  One word of caution:  the omelets are way too much for one person (especially since they come with pancakes) unless you are either incredibly hungry or rather porky, so we normally split one between two people.  Otherwise, nothing to complain about -- good food and good service.  If you come on the weekends, either come in really early or late (i.e. after 10am) if you want to avoid a rather lengthy wait.  I've eaten at a number of OPHs (including Glenview Illinois, Cupertino CA, Anaheim CA, and Los Altos CA) and this one is by far my favorite.  Highly recommended!
5	I've been coming to this place since early childhood, and I love it. The only problem is the crowds! You either have to get there really early, like 7:00am, or later, around noon. Either that or come on a weekday morning. I'm addicted to their strawberry syrup, and their hash browns are divine. Come here for a good breakfast!
5	Great brunch site!! There's always a ~30 mins line but the food is worth the wait!large large portion and the price is nice too!I've tried the pancake, the crepe, egg specials, waffles..everything is delicious!love it 100 percent!
4	I a fan of all the pancakes they have.  Strawberry and whipped cream, blueberry, and banana.  The strawberry is a huge starwberries on top of huge flat pancakes with strawberrry syrup.  I also had a side of hash browns and egg combinations.  The coffee isn't the best so I never ordered it twice,  The waitresses aren't the sexiest but they bring food to the table and listen to what you order.  They make sure to bring you butter and maple syrup.I haven't been to the River Road location but I might try and come back to give you my thoughts.  How are their  waitresses you ask?
2	Too expen$$$ive for breakfast.Pancakes are pretty good.  I've had better.  Their hash browns are excellent, but $5 for some hash browns and cheese.  Ouch....The options on the menu are somewhat limited.  Most breakfast places have an option for something with eggs, hash browns, pancakes/french toast, and meat.  It seems like you have to order everything separately here.  The sausage was good, not great.  The orange juice was definitely fresh squeezed.  It should be more like $$ for price.  There were 2 of us and when we were done, our bill was over $30.  Definitely not a cheap place to eat breakfast (which should be the cheapest meal of the day).
4	30 min wait seems to be the standard reply while you wait to have breakfast at the original pancake house.  At first I thought it just lack of training and I was hoping it would be worth in at 8:30 a.m. on a Sunday morning.  In short, really glad we waited.  One of the best breakfasts I've had on my dozens of visits to Mad City.  The crepes were wonderful as were the eggs and pancakes eaten by others in our party. Plus they have the absolutely BEST bacon - thick, lean and cooked to perfection.Definitely planning my next visit!!
5	Today it's 5 stars because our wait was only 10 minutes and the food and service was just excellent.  We didn't wait long for our food and were always topped off with fresh coffee.  Spouse ordered the most excellent omelet topped with mushroom sherry sauce.  He was very happy.  My bacon was thick and crispy.  Freshly squeezed orange juice is a real treat!  Highly recommend a visit here.
5	My very favorite place to have breakfast in Madison for 20 years! We go there every weekend. The spinach crepe is my personal favorite, but just about anything on the menu is great.
4	Love this place for its Apple Pancake! Always a hit. Worth every penny.
4	Pancakes are great.  Many varieties.  I had pumpkin pecan (seasonal) and they were delicious.  I ordered a sausage omelette (4-eggs and MASSIVE) was able to upgrade the buttermilk pancakes for the difference, around $1.70.There were a couple small things I did not enjoy.  The parking is limited when busy on sat/sunday morning.  There was a wait around 30 minutes which seems to be normal.  It is cash only.  None of these things ruined my experience but it seems nice to be aware of them.  I will definitely go back.
2	Like Clay P who posted before me, I too love pancakes. Though I love chocolate chip pancakes. But like Clay I did not love the ones that I got a the Original Pancake House. Typically, restaurants just don't do it the way I like them and I have come to expect that. Grading OPH on those terms, they did a respectable job. It is definitely a worthwhile destination for a pancake lover.
5	Although I have eaten their spinach crepes weekly for years, I recently branched out to their other, more traditional, breakfast offerings. The fresh-squeezed OJ is delightful, the cooked eggs are well-prepared, and the bacon is tremendously substantial.It is wonderful to go to a restaurant where the staff continuously makes sure the patrons' beverages are to the quantity of their liking.
4	This place tops my list of most frequented breakfast/brunch spots. Pros:- yummy waffles and pancakes- freshly squeezed OJCons:- often 20+ minute wait on weekends- cash only (there's an ATM inside but who wants to be charged a fee? Come prepared)- decor is barebones and outdatedI still fantasize about the strawberry waffle-- thick with crispy edges, fresh strawberries (none of those mushy frozen strawberries that are typically in a thick syrupy sauce that you might get elsewhere), and freshly whipped cream (not rediwhip). It's heavenly. Get it-- you won't regret it!
5	Hands down my favorite place to get breakfast in Madison.  Plan to go slightly hungry, because they serve A LOT! But beware of the weekends.  There will be a wait on the weekends.  But the wait is worth it.Make sure to try the fresh squeezed orange juice, the 49'er flap jacks, and the hashbrowns well done with cheese.  I have loved the omlettes and pancakes and getting the dutch baby is always a treat.  But I always go a little hungry so I am always thwarted by the note for extra wait on the dutch babys.  The service we have recieved at this location has always been awesome.  We have gone to the other location once and that was enough.  We much prefer this location and make the drive out to the west side for this breakfast pretty frequently.  It's definately worth it.  We have taken our son many times since he was born, he is now 14 months and they have always been extra considerate to our needs with him.  One time they even gave us a larger booth so he could continue sleeping in his car seat.  :-)Also, I brought my family here when they were visiting from Canada and they still talk about this place, a year later.  They are coming in a couple of days and we will be returning.
5	Top notch breakfast! My first "Dutch Baby" was out of this world! Worth waiting for a table.
1	This was our first and only visit. We read the reviews and thought we would try it. Well, never again. We all ended up with stomachaches. We could not finish our food the taste was terrible. The hollandiase sauce was the worst I had ever had. Some of our food was cold. I do not recommend this place.
3	"We be flipping styles like pancake batter"- Beastie Boys "Say It"I've lived in Madison for eight years and never gave this institution a shot.  Why not follow with this..."You Can't, You Won't And You Don't StopAd Rock Come And Rock The Sure Shot"Beastie Boys "Sure Shot"Enough with song lyrics... it's time to wax on/off about the joint.The place was packed yesterday an hour before close.  For a table of two, we needed to wait a good 10 minutes.  The decor is somewhere between family style and diner.   There were also plenty of interesting matted and framed photos for sale in the lobby.  After checking out the menu, we settled on omelettes with three buttermilk pancakes.  We love omelettes.  My partner went for a sausage omelette with cheddar and I grabbed the Western (green/red peppers, onion, ham & cheddar).  After about 15 minutes our orders came.  I was a little freaked out about the omelette monstrosity that belonged at a freak show (check out the picture).  Look at that thing?!?!?  It does not look appetizing at all.  I went for it 1st.  It was not greasy and it exploded with steam (likely nuked).  The effing thing was dangerous.  Worse yet, it was not very tasty.  The cheddar formed oddly.  I still have no clue how (combo insanely hot oil frying and microwaving?) or why they cooked an omelette in this fashion.  It was basically a derpy & ginormous Hot Pocket made with an egg shell.   Totally senseless.Why three stars?  The pancakes were amazing.  Between the delicious warm maple syrup, the intense white butter and the perfectly textured and flavor pancakes, the confusing and mediocre pancakes were almost forgotten. These were the best buttermilk pancakes I have ever had.To go, I grabbed there corned beef hash (with pancakes).  Although the hash tasted pretty good, it's no Mickies Dairy Bar -- the potatoes were undercooked and bits were raw-ish, the recipe was unspectacular and the corned beef was minced so small there was none of its unique texture. The service was solid.  Our waitress checked up on us plenty and was very friendly. On days that I have some patience, I would return ONLY for their pancakes.  In all likelihood, I'll just continue going to IHOP since the prices are about the same, omelettes are a major upgrade and pancakes are only a minor downgrade.
4	Really good diner food for a great price. It's a small space which completely adds to the charm, but would add to the wait. We arrived at eight on a Sunday without a wait but the hosts were quoting forty five minutes when we were on our way out. I had a single strawberry crepe and it was more than enough to fill me up, I can't imagine how someone orders three! The crepe was perfectly soft and sweet and served with warm strawberries and syrup which was mostly strawberry puree. Yum! My friend got pancakes with bacon bits in the batter which was an awesome flavor combination for a savory breakfast, she let me share in the bacon feasting thank goodness. I also got to try a bite of corned beef hash which was tasty and also a bit of the Eggs Benedict. I like my English muffin a little toastier, but the hollandaise was yummy enough it didn't matter.The prices were very reasonable, if not generous to the customers. I would recommend this restaurant to any early bird!
4	So yeah, this place is so famous and is serving such a good pancake so if you come later than earlier, you have to expect to wait for about 15 to 20 minutes to get a spot. But, it's all worth waiting. Their orange juice is fresh! the dutch baby is delish. I specifically like their waffle. I've tried their pecan, strawberry and coconut waffles and the later is my favorite. Coconut waffle is just unique and it comes with lemon syrup. My brunch companions today loved their choice. One had apple caramel, the other had strawberry crepe. The crepe is the richest one and can fix your sweet tooth carving.
3	Updated review, based on visit of 11/26/13.Met my team here for a morning breakfast meeting; quickly seated (table of 8).+ Server, Daniel, was PHENOMENAL - friendly, fast, efficient, and just plain excellent+ Coffee/water refills were always available; never sat with an empty anything- I drank too much coffee+ Good selection of breakfast staples+ Veggie omelet was excellent - very big, could only eat half- Eggs were slightly overcooked; a little tan in spots- I suspect there is pancake batter mixed-in with the omelets- Cash only+ ATM onsiteSo... based on service: 5-stars. All things considered, a solid 3 stars.
1	Really disappointing. Wait for our food was interminable, even after we were seated, and food came out cold -- save for the bacon, which arrived 5 minutes after we started. The Swedish pancakes were almost inedible. Chewy and cold. Used to be one of my favorites. And, to top it off, it was really expensive AND the staff didn't seem the least bit interested when I suggested that the meal wasn't up to their standards. I won't be back.
1	It was a disappointing experience. Our order took a very long time to arrive. Tables that were seated long after us were served first. An explanation was not offered. The food was definitely not worth the wait or price. Everything was served cold  except the bacon that arrived after the meal. Very disappointing!
5	Love this place! Best bacon anywhere! I usually do full order of bacon and cheese hashbrowns and split with someone..Or my fave the French toast platter with strawberries and whipped cream topping for under $10!! So delicious!! Fresh OJ can't be beat either! The price is right and the food is fresh! I love!
4	I was dying for pancakes and finally decided it was time to give this crowded place a try.  Being alone, I was seated quickly at the counter.  Quick coffee service!  I ordered some chocolate chip pancakes and a side of bacon; it was outstanding food.  The bacon is THICK and flavorful.  The pancakes were great was well, with fresh whipped cream on the top....yum to say the least.  I look forward to my next visit, which would have been last weekend, but no parking available!
5	Cash only, price is cheap, food is just as good as it gets. Pancakes are amazing. Bacon is from out of this world. Expect wait on weekends, but definitely worth your time!
5	I have lived in Madison for nearly 5 years and for some reason I always wrote Original  Pancake House off as a sub-par or generic chain of breakfast places like Denny's, but man...this place does it right. I ordered the 49er Flapjacks because so many other people have raved about them on here, and holy crap...how is it possible for pancakes that big to be so delicious!? Absolutely the best pancakes I have ever had. Other highlights were the perfectly crispy hashbrowns, the thick cut and perfectly cooked bacon, and constantly refilled cup of tasty and locally roasted coffee. The only negative was that it was incredibly busy and had a 45 minute wait before we sat down. The great service and the fact that our food came out in less than 10 minutes after ordering made up for that, though. I will definitely be back soon!
3	First, I like to say the food here was really good. The food gets 4+ stars. Unfortunately they do (or don't do for that matter) one of my pet peeves. They don't accept credit or debt cards. Other than being a pain in the rear, they're profiting extra from people who didn't bring cash with them. Yes, they have an ATM. The service charge is $1.75 per transaction. I don't see why a legitimate business in 2014 wouldn't  accept credit or debt cards.
5	This is the BEST breakfast place in Madison, nay, the world. Try the 49'er pancakes and you'll never go back to regular ones. My family eats there every weekend!
5	Doesn't get much better than this for breakfast.  I shared the asparagus omelette and sharing is the way to go, unless you haven't eaten for a few weeks. Bacon side, which was thick and juicy. Pancakes went down very well on our table. And service was excellent - stopping by to check on coffee every five minutes. Now I need to try and walk to the car...
4	Best chocolate chip pancakes in town. This place does diner-style food right. Cash only, which is a bit frustrating, although they have an ATM in-house. And only open until 1:30. My advice would be to get here at about 1PM if at all possible; the place is a madhouse beforehand.
5	The original pancake house is my go to breakfast restaurant. The pancakes are not too chewey and have a great buttery flavor. They also have seasonal fruits, such as fresh strawberries, that go great as toppings. I highly recommend the chocolate chip pancakes they taste like desert for breakfast. The service is very friendly and pleasant. One time our order got help up so they gave us some free fresh fruit! Prices are decent and worth it for the great food. On weekends, especially during brunch, there is usually always a wait to be expected. I can honestly say I've never been disappointed eating here and it is a favorite that I go to frequently.
5	Phenomenal breakfast! Omelet was awesome and the waffle with fresh whipped cream, strawberries and their homemade strawberry syrup was the best I've had!!! Krista was the friendliest and most attentive server EVER! Will be back most definitely!
5	GREAT Breakfast, whether you are traveling, or live here.  All their breakfast food is great ~ my fav is the Pecan Pancakes.  Also like the Cornedbeef hash breakfast.  Their eggs are top quality and Eggs Benedict is also Excellent.  JUST remember these two things - 1. IF you go on the Weekend - it's crowded - so go early or prepare to wait. 2. They only accept CASH.  (They do have an ATM there).
5	This is probably our favorite breakfast restaurant in Madison. The service is great. There are friendly faces everywhere you turn. The food is fantastic, everything on the menu is worth eating. The pancakes are outstanding, the texture is perfect and just the right amount of sweetness. Every other dish is also just as good. You definitely have to try this place. Right five out of five stars.
5	The Dutch baby is insanely good with butter. Spinach omelette is big and delicious. Coffee is just ok.
1	Not 2A friendly, didn't see the sign until I was leaving. The food is good though.  So all you Anti-2A supporters meet here for your rallies and to be victims for criminals who don't obey the law.  I won't be back.
5	I have always had great service here. The best pancakes in town. 3 pancakes will be plenty for anyone. Chocolate chip pancakes are the way to go. They only accept cash though so be careful!
