5	It's inside F.A.M.E. located at the Linq and probably a 4 minute walk from the High Roller Ferris Wheel. If you use your GPS and type in Linq Ave it will direct you to the street you need. We parked in Valet. From there you walk up to cobblestone street once you go past the beautiful water fountain it's on the right hand side across from the pizza place. Look for the sign F.A.M.E. It's right as you walk in.Now to get to the food! I'm not much of a adventurous person, I like some Japanese cooking & my boyfriend raves about the food truck meets. He brings all his friends from out of town to try it. Heck even a friend of ours from Rhode Island visited and even HE said it was delicious. I know the food truck has quite a major following on their Facebook page!I ordered a number one burger no tomato, onion, ginger. I added BACON & Shiitake mushrooms (additional toppings are $1.99 EACH). Togarshi Garlic fries have a little KICK to them, but nothing I can't wash down with a Pepsi (32 oz. 3.49). Togarshi Garlic fries come with a side of crack sauce, it's very addicting. The sauce came on my burger and I really loved the flavors. This place is far from bland. You grab your own drinks, no waiter service which is fine with me.I really enjoyed eating here and I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a shock to the taste buds. Also F.A.M.E. has free Wifi if you're interested. I'd like to come back.
5	The best. Nothing tops these burgers. Jazz fries are a most as long as the fryer is working.(only been down twice of around 15 times or so.) No matter what you order it is amazing.
1	False advertising. I ordered a burger that was supposed to have pickled ginger. Lettuce tomato & there was NO ginger &  1 tiny lettuce leaf. Also ordered the garlic fries. Absolutely no garlic. And the burger patty tasted like the cheap frozen brand kind from the grocery store. If I could give it less than 1 star I would.
5	Love the concept, love the space it's in, love Colin for his hospitality. I discovered Fuku through a friend when it was just a food truck! My go to choice on the menu is the "Buta Burger" - mmmmm! Randomly went walking through The Linq with a friend and saw Colin had put some roots down inside of F.A.M.E. - an Asian street market. Udon, ramen, Fuku, sake, Japanese beer + MUSIC & ENTERTAINMENT? Don't threaten me with a good time.
4	This was the first time I have tried a Fuku Burger. I have been hearing about the Fuku Burger food truck for quite some time now. I am not one as to be so inclined as to chase a food truck around town for a burger. If I did ever do it though, this would be the burger.I was over at the Linq and I heard they opened a Fuku Burger inside Fame. It is over in the right corner of Fame. I stopped in and grabbed a few burgers to-go so I could try these famous burgers I have been hearing about. I will say, I was not disappointed at all.I ordered the Kinko Burger, Kari Burger, and the Lucky Burger. I don't know which burger was which, but they were all very good. The one with the mushrooms was kinda sweet. I think it had teriyaki sauce on it. Which ever one was spicy was my favorite. They are not really big, so I could eat two with no problem.Anyways, now I know why people are always talking about the Fuku Burger food truck. Excellent burgers. I would definitely recommend this place if you want a great burger.
5	Great service and delicious Asian themed burgers . This is a place you can't miss if your in town or a local .The tamago burger is out of this world . I live the garlic fries too .The food truck and the actual spot both serve up done tasty burgers so try them out . I promise you won't be disappointed .
3	This was the second time I had Fukuburger. The first was in their actual truck at a Car Meet. In my opinion, their menu is over priced, but for the quality I guess you could say it's okay. The fries don't come with much and it's about $4-5. The burgers range from about $8-10, but just for the burger itself. Everything is paid separately. If you get a drink though, you can get $1 off. It's located in a good area so I'm sure it gets a lot of business. The people are friendly. However, they messed up on my order. I ordered three burgers (number two, I forgot what they're called but it has egg and onions), fries with crack and ketchup sauce, and a drink. When I got called by my funny nickname, I only had two burgers. I was confused and ended up having to buy another one and spent a total of almost $40. That amount of money for three burgers, a little bit of fries, and a small drink was kinda pushin' it. Not sure why the order was messed up, but other than that little issue, it's not bad. It wouldn't be something I'd crave though.
4	Fukuburger, Fuku so good!Located inside FAME at the LINQ, Fukuburger offers innovative Asian-inspired burgers, fries and loco moco for those looking to tantalize the palate.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fukuburger-las-vegas?select=Ecg4xdQxfeIFIsxmF6GQTA#k0iG_a95OyoEJpJz9FumsgWhen I saw the Tamago burger ($7.99), I knew I had to have it.  I'm an egg slut from way back.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fukuburger-las-vegas?select=Ecg4xdQxfeIFIsxmF6GQTA#gr4jTA0IVQkD2Pw7J-Qd9wFuku-patty with furikake & teriyaki, finished with crispy onion rings & fried egg.  The first bite was like a rainbow shining down on me. Like Willy Wonka farted candy into the air.  Runny egg oozing over the delicious patty, the sweetness of the teriyaki married together with the crunch of the onion rings.  A fairly sized burger, I felt the pricepoint was a decent value, considering it is Vegas.  I relished each delicious bite.Service was okay.  It took a while for my burger to be cooked, but I know it's made fresh to order so I can't complain.  There is bar seating directly in front, with tables insided & outside FAME.Free jelly candy!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fukuburger-las-vegas?select=Ecg4xdQxfeIFIsxmF6GQTA#DNzhAcLMgJFh-kOR8wLL_wFukuburger, I'm a big fan!  The Tamago burger was the real deal & one of the highlights, of many, from my trip to Vegas.  I hope you come back to SoCal so I can satisfy my cravings for your Asian-inspired delectables again!Highly recommend!
5	Without a doubt one of the best burgers I have ever had. I had the #2 and it was BOMB! I am a fan for life now and will be back time and time again.
2	This new Fukuburger is a joke. It's all hype like this whole FAME place. I have been at this location twice, and they messed up on my orders twice. 9 bucks for one burger? That doesn't even include fries. Now I used to love Fukuburger. I've had them since I was a junior in high school, and I always got the Tamago and it was by far one of the best I've ever had. But after having the new FAME location's Tamago, twice, I am no longer a fan. Both times, the fried onions were so stale, and that's basically the best damn part. Now the first time, they forgot to make my jazz fries. The second time, we ordered three burgers, we got two, everything got lost in translation and she had to buy another burger. The kitchen staff is so unorganized. It's ridiculous. I guess there's room for improvement, but it's really sad to see a great burger joint downgrade. This was such a great opportunity for them, and congrats for an actual location, but I'm giving them two stars because the kitchen quality is shit and the price they give us is not worth it.
4	I had heard about the Fukuburger food truck from either Food Network or the Travel Channel, so when I accidentally discovered that they now had a permanent location in the FAME location within the Linq, I was ecstatic!  Originally, I planned to have lunch that day at Holstein's in the Cosmopolitan, but after finding Fukuburger and hearing from my friend (a local) that Holstein's was not that great, I decided to cancel my Holstein's reservation and go here.  Man, am I glad that I did.  As the name may imply, Fukuburger offers Asian inspired burgers.  I had the Tamago Burger, an all-beef Fuku-patty with furikake, teriyaki and wasabi mayo, finished with crispy onion strings and a fried egg.  While smaller than a similar burger I thoroughly enjoyed at Bachi Burger earlier during my trip, the Tamago was fantastic.  If you are on the Strip, do yourself a favor and give this a try!
5	I saw a picture of egg on a burger (sold) with the words "japanese burger" written on it and knew I haddddd to sneak my way here if needed!... which wasn't a problem because we actually ended up eating here twice during our trip ^ ^I lovelovelove burgers and a big slut when it comes to eggs (as Mr. Bourdain would put it) so I was super stoked to find that you can add it (eggs) to any burger, not just the number two *_*_*_*The place is in some sort of 'asian fusion' center that has a lot of side shows going on weekend nights (taiko drums, street dancers etc...) Service was super friendly. They cook everything to order, so if you're in a hurry you may not want to eat here cause it takes a little longer than fast food joint would. Burgers are cooked perfectly (medium to medium rare) so they are super juicy and the yolk jizzes down the center making my eyes dilate and mouth water with pleasure. Jazz fries are good if you want something extra however just getting the garlic fries (not that garlicy to be honest) with the crack sauce is satisfying enough (ask for extra!).I got the number 1 : fuku 'lucky' burger and 3: buta 'pig' burger while my boyfriend got the spicy burger both trips. While they were all good I felt the number 3 had the most flavor..and spicy burger isn't so spicy, which is coming from someone who doesn't eat a ton of spicy food (however one of our friends thought it was really spicy...so if you're super sensitive maybe you should just skip it).overall though i believe almost everyone in our group felt satisfied eating here..and if you don't mind a little wait for your food you should definitely come here!
4	Was happy to find the Fuku had a brick and mortar spot. Expect the price here to be a buck or two more than the truck is on the regular. You are paying for the location and the convenience. I had the number three. Love this burger with the bacon and the ginger such a great combo. If you are looking for a great burger near the strip this is it. Forget those overpriced gourmet burger place and just go the linq, then to fame, then to fuku. I will say this don't get the fries. Overpriced for what you are getting. That is my only complaint when it comes to fuku. I would say forget the fries and get a second burger. Yep that is the ticket. 2 great burgers hold the mediocre fries. Definately reccomend you try this place.
4	Oh, this is bad. Bad, bad, bad, bad. Not the food. That is delicious. It is bad because now their is a Fukuburger which is fairly easy to get to and I don't have to go chasing it all over town. This is bad for my waste line and my ever aging heart. Those Japanese have taken the science of burgerology and turned it into an art form. Bachi is till my favorite and true love, but Fuku is my guilty pleasure. It's that little thing I got on the side when I am feeling a little naughty and need something quick, messy debauchery. There is no way to describe the burger other than to say it is a hot mess of indistinguishable organic matter that somehow congeals into what I can only imagine ecstasy would taste like if you could make the sensation a flavor. And don't forget the fries. Gotta have the fries. They have a little spice so for those of you who are sensitive to the scoville scale be warned. They are not hot for the normal human, but I dined with someone who has trouble eating bell peppers and they complained about the spice. What ever burger you order needs to have a friend egg on it. That is a need, and should be a law as soon as I can get my bill through the state assembly. So why not five stars. Weeellllll...it's not the food. It's the surroundings There is no bathroom in the FAME whatever the hell it is. The bathroom is outside and about 70 meters down from the restaurant. That's fine except a Fukuburger is about one of the messiest things you will ever eat. You can't finish one without covering you hands in a sticky burger paste that is so caustic they should have used to seal up the reactor at Fukashima. It's not something you want to walk 70 meters in the Las Vegas sun hardening on your hands. Second thing is the FAME whatever the hell it is styles itself a night club so at random moments the stereo systems comes blasting out of the speakers until the DJ can get his/her equipment right. But rest assured once he/her gets settled then the music gets really loud. Tuesday night, 7pm, sounded like I was in a meat grinder on top of a iron forge which was built underneath a 747 constantly taking off in the middle of the Electric Daisy Carnival. It was stupidly loud. Next time I might just buy my burger and take it across the street to the Flour & Barley which has a great bar, great bartenders, and a pretty chill Tuesday night vibe.
2	Not what it is cracked up to be for the price.  $16 for fries burger with an egg and fried onions on it and a small soda.  The burger is small and so are the fries.  Very disappointing, I had high hopes after reading all the rave reviews.
4	It's about time Fukuburger (pronounced "Foo Koo" for you noobs),  got a permanent location. Located inside the F.A.M.E. (which stands for Food Art Music Entertainment) which also houses other Asian food stands, it is a welcome site to visiting tourists and locals alike. For those that are new to Fukuburger, it started originally as a food truck by Colin Fukunaga and Robert "Mags" Magsalin. Thus, the food truck theme that welcomes you as soon as you enter FAME.Now for the important part. The food. Their menu is plain and simple. Each burger has a number with a picture and a description. I have tried them all but for some reason, its always a toss up between the #4 Kinoko "Mushroom" Burger (which has an all beef fuku patty, grilled shitake mushrooms, pickled red ginger, teriyaki, and finished with wasabi mayo), and the #5 Karai "Spicy" Burger (which has an all beef fuku patty, pickled cucumbers, avocado cream, and finished with habenero kabayaki). Sometimes when im real hungry, I get both. Most cases I get one and make it a combo with Jazz Fries (fries that have some kind of gravy/garlic sauce on top of it). Some call it crack sauce for it is very addicting.As for some negatives of course the price you pay will be marked up. You gotta understand that the rent they pay here is probably ridiculously high based on the fact that it is on "the strip". So whatever profit they make is probably just enough to cover the lease and overhead. So they probably make just enough to make a profit. For lunch today I got the Spicy Karai Burger, Jazz Fries, and a medium drink for 17 and some change. That's with a dollar tip (when you do this, the hot looking chick that takes your order will scream out, "TIP JELLY!"). Boy am I glad that the drinks are unlimited refills.The one other negative thing which Fuku has no control over is that there is no bathroom in the area where you will be eating. It is outside about 50 yards down. I would say thats a fail on the design by the architects. What food court does not have a bathroom right there ready to go? Some random info: Yes they take cards. Their hours vary. Since they are still practically new, there is no set hours just yet as per the Yelp business listing. Rule of thumb; they are usually open for lunch around 11 and close late on fridays and saturdays. I recommend that you call first before heading out there if you think its late already. I had the pleasure of having a burger named after me. It ended up being called the Roger's free burger special (Refer to pic. Message me if you want to hear the whole story). Which reminds me, sometimes they have specials that are off the wall but amazing like the Ronald McFuku Burger, Chicken and Waffles (the Asian version), and even a longonisa burger (ask any Filipino what that is and they will tell you. Lol).So in closing, you will be amazed at the flavor you will encounter after eating any one of their menu items here. Also dont be afraid to track down their truck if you dont want to make that trip here to the Linq.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #166 "Stop Fuku'ing around and get the Fuku down here!"
1	This place was a fail for my friends and family. They ordered two burgers and fries. Waited a good 20-25 minutes. The burgers were cut in half, and thankfully they were. When opening their mouth to take a bite, the meat was RAW!!!The cashier was shocked when she seen it, when she showed the cook, he responded with, "what you want it cooked more?" How about trying cooking it the first time!What the hell, I get it you're new. But you need to properly learn how to cook a burger.
5	Yay!!! I'm so happy they opened an actual restaurant. I was never able to chase down the food truck. But it was worth the wait, and it's in a really cool location. I tried the egg burger, it was delicious. And the garlic fries with crack sauce, the sauce totally lives up to its name, it's addictive! Plus after ordering you get to give a silly for them to call out when you're orders ready. I have a lot of fun ideas for that next time.
3	it took almost 20-30 minutes to get to front of the line and the line wasn't even to the door.  it was pretty slow and didn't seem the most efficient.  the fries are additional cost and were extremely soggy (not worth the price).  the burger itself was ok.  whatever special fuku sauce they used is really tasty - sauce is on the sweeter side.  it was hard to hear them call out names due to the very loud background music.  a meal for under $15 in vegas is a good price though...but i probably won't go back.
4	This was the best thing that I ate on my Vegas trip.  (Surpassed all of the fancy expensive meals).  The burger was cooked perfectly, (the meat quality is great so they cook it med-rare.)  Every topping was well though out and added to the flavor of the burger.  (I got the one with the fried egg on top).  I wasn't even hungry when I ate my burger but by the time I was done I wanted more!The only downfall is it took for.... ever... to get my burger.  (20+ minutes... they must have been killing the cow in back).  I rarely drop stars for service but I did in this case.I lived in Vegas before and have been to the Fuku Burger Truck many times and am glad to see this establishment is here.
5	I was never a fan of burgers until I had Fukuburger.  I'm really happy that they have a venue at Linq because I was tired of hunting down the truck at whatever location they were for the night.  I only get two things and that is the Tamago burger and garlic fries with crack sauce.  The tamago burger is fantastic because you have an awesome savory meat patty topped with an over easy egg and friend shoestring onion rings.  The only bad thing is it's very messy when you eat it, but it tastes so awesome!
5	So I've been in Vegas for a few weeks now , just moved , I stumbled on this place called FAME and the place is awesome but inside of FAME, there is a this burger place , wow , probably one of the best burgers I've ever had , with a Japanese fusion they take a relatively plane item and make it so flavorful , the Katsu chicken sandwich is also great , this place is a must try , the staff is so friendly and really make an effort to make you have a great time , I'll def come back ! Fantastic 4 !!
3	It's hard to chase down a late night food truck when you have a little bugger.  But finally, I get to try Fukuburger!  Does it live up to the hype?FAME at The Linq (where Fukuburger is located) is a glorified food court with lots of graphic art creating a hip and vibrant space.  Fukuburger is immediately visible with their faux truck in the corner.  I think the other tenants may be suffering from the lack of visibility or even a guide on what is offered inside.Ok back to Fuku... Let's start off with the burger and togarashi fries.  Unfortunately this was a miss for us.  We got the Buta burger with bacon, cheese, pickled onion and ginger, bbq sauce and wasabi mayo.  The burger patty was small, and the fries were stale.  What we were served (and service took long even if the place wasn't packed) looked very different from the food shots I see from the Fukuburger truck.  Somehow the magic is a little lost in the permanent spot.But the Naga Dog, wow, that was stellar, even if the bread was a little stale.  The hot link was smoky and savory and had a lovely snap when you bit into it because it is deep fried.  It comes with awesome grilled kimchi (which is a little wilted but the caramelization from the grill tames the tangy bite).  The stuff is spicy but exceptionally good!  It is complemented by the pickled daikon relish.  What a creative and successful alternative to onions!  Then the hot dog is topped with nori (which I wish I had more of) and wasabi mayo.  Mmm.  I read that it's supposed to come with kabayaki (eel) sauce, but I didn't get any on mine.  Even if I am not a huge fan of sweet on savory, I think it would have gelled beautifully with the spicy elements on the hot dog.  Still, I really enjoyed how they balanced all those elements successfully.  Maybe if I scoot over to the truck I'll get the perfect version.For tourists on the strip, I believe it would be a convenient sop that does the job (even if it is pricier by around $2-3 per menu item).  But if you want a little more love on your plate, I'd hunt down that food truck.
3	Wanted to compared to another "mushroom burger" I had had in the recent past and it didn't stand up to the quality. It was okay, but not the best burger I've ever had.
1	Over price. One chicken Katsu burger costs 7.99. No drink or French fries come with it. It was so greasy, no meat, and only fried skin(crumble). I am Japanese, and I am sure they are trying to copy Japanese chicken Katsu( Katsu is crispy crumble fried), but this is no way to near the Japanese chicken Katsu burger. Horrible price and taste.
4	Very good burgers here but the loud immature little punk kid music and wanna b dj messed it all up.  Ditch the aggressive trash music guys.
4	Burger with a twist! I got the pig burger which was flavored to perfection and my boyfriend got the mushroom burger also a good choice!
5	My boyfriend and I are regulars to this place! We love fukuburger so much it's unreal, probably one of the best burgers I've had so far. The tamago burger & the jazz fries is our favorites, we would take a bullet for that burger. We recently tried the katsu burger as well and it's also very good ! The environment is set for youngins like us, I'm not too sure if it's a place for older generation to eat at but I mean, the food is marvelous in our opinion regardless!
5	I was so glad I walked in here. The ambience was so welcoming and such a chill environment to hang out in. They had loud music which I love and just such great energy going on in here. I forget the name of my burger but it was delicious. I don't like that the fries are separate but I'll still give 5 stars.
5	Hubby and I went to the Linqs Fuku burger since the owner invited us back after I did my first review on their mobile Fuku Burger truck.  He invited us and offered a  complimentary meal for them not accommodating us for the long wait.  We really enjoyed the Fuku burger, Jazz fries Karai (spicy) Burger and the Naga Dog.  If you enjoy spicy you will like those.  Love the secret mayo served with the fries too .  Would go again.
4	This new place is very trendy and inexpensive considering it is on the strip.  I've never had a Fuku burger or even heard of it before tonight.  We didn't feel like spending $50 for an order of nachos and grilled cheese at the hotel so we decided to walk through the LINQ. We came across this place and ordered the #3 buta burger and #4 kinoko burger with jazz fries for about $22. Definitely worth more than a lot of places on the strip. I liked the kinoko mushroom burger,  the flavor was unique. . Just a little too salty in some spots and it is pretty ginger-y (just my taste though,  I don't eat ginger). I didn't try the buta burger,  but I was told it was good.  As per the service,  it was very slow. . Especially since it is a fast food venue. There was basically one guy making all the food while all the last minuters came in before closing (including us).. We almost couldn't get a seat.
1	This place sucks man.  I'm a vegan and I totally understand that it's difficult to order at places like this when you just want a quick snack but as far as making me feel bad for my moral, ethical decisions? Not cool.I asked if they had any vegan options and the girl near the cashier said "vegan? Why are you vegan and eating here?"  I immediately felt castigated for asking her a simple question.  She did not know the difference between veganism and vegetarianism (not a lot of people do) so I understand that aspect of confusion, but to continually make me feel bad for asking questions regarding their menu is just plain unacceptable.I ended up ordering two orders of fries which took TWENTY MINUTES to deliver on a really slow night.  I understand the fact that it may cause consternation and curiosity when it comes to food places like this, but there's no need to make the customer feel bad based on their life choices as well as have to wait TWENTY MINUTES LOL for an order of fries because they skipped you.I appreciate that due to their wrongdoing they gave me a card for a free meal, but Lord knows I will not be supporting Fuku burger anymore, no matter what my state of hunger is.  ** also, what's with the nickname thing? Just call out my regular name!  It's so lame to ask for a funny order name!  If you want to make yourself "unique", then offer stellar customer service.
4	I'm a regular at the food truck and had a similar experience at the restaurant. For a different approach to great burger and fries,  decent service,  at a good price.  They get my thumbs up.
5	Fuku burger is located inside FAME in the Linq. The dining area has a great vibe and the staff are friendly and willing to answer any questions. The chicken katsu or "crispy chicken" burger is the best burger I have ever eaten. My boyfriend had the Lucky burger and the karai or "spicy" burger. We loved the burgers so much we had lunch here twice in four days!  Spectacular food, stellar customer service and a comfortable dining area....what more could you ask for?
1	Cheap place located inside FAME at the LINQ. The burgers looked really yummy, but didn't deliver at all. FOOD: ---- Fuku burger ---- Nothing special. Couldn't really taste the Fuku special sauce. And the sauce isn't really special when you can taste it. I think it's the In-N-Out spread.---- Tamago egg burger ---- Ew. Now, I loooveee eggs at any time of the day, with anything. However, this burger was super mushy and everything just tasted like mush. It was super hard to eat because it was so mushy and messy.SERVICE: So so slow. My friend and I waited forever for our burgers and they were both so disappointing when we finally got them.OVERALL: Despite the fact that it's probably the cheapest place in LinQ, I won't be back.
5	Came to this place with a group of friends looking for a good meal to munch on. I have to say, this place is amazing! If you want a cheap burger that doesn't require you to wait more than 5 min go to mcdonalds people. I ordered the tamago burger with the jazz fries. It was so amazing I will probably come here every time I come to Las Vegas. Best burger joint on the strip. Jazz fries are insanely addicting. I might need rehabilitation.
5	This place is for people who like delicious meat and want to have fun. If you are vegan don't even bother, set yourself up for success and stay true to your lifestyle. Eat elsewhere and save the unwarranted complaints. If you haven't eaten all day, go somewhere you already love , crabapple. Not everything is for everyone. I ate here for the first time last night and loved it. I expected to be disappointed as I heard over and over how I need to try this place. A true optimist , I know:)I got the number 1.  The burger tasted exactly how i had hoped many burgers of the past would have tasted. Being a meat snob, I can say it was seasoned perfectly and the texture was great. Make sure to get a lot of napkins as the food is a bit greasy as it should be. But...I did not feel like crap after eating here like I usually do after I eat fast food. lll have to try the fries next time as there will be a next time.They will ask you for a nickname, so get creative. The more obscure the better...mmm!
2	Good food yet super slow service!! There was literally no one there yet it took about 15-20mins for my meal. They need to learn how to speed things up when it actually does get busy!!
3	Overrated.. they think they're Ruth Chris or something. Spent $16 on a burger with fries. Looked like a kids meal okay maybe a little bigger but not worth $16 by any means!!  Taste was good but In-n-Out is good too and they don't charge another five bucks for special fries. Ha.. straight Cray!!
3	I had the Fuku Burger. The sauce was quite tasty,but a little too much salt on the burger.The garlic fries were so-so; not much difference from regular fries
4	One of the best burgers I have had. Why? Very flavorful and different and interesting layers involved. I got the Tamago Burger:All-beef Fuku-patty with furikake, teriyaki and wasabi mayo, finished with crispy onion strings and a fried egg. I added bacon to it and habanero mayo. Also got the must try bbq sauce on the side, the garlic fries are amazing and katsu sauce and "crack" sauce too. Amazing!
5	Amayzing hamburger. Forget the catsup on your burger. This was cooked perfectly and had ginger, Asian spices and wasaby mayo. Very juicy and went great with a draft beer. One of my more memorable meals in LV, which includes a couple french bistros. If it is well put together it doesn't have to be elaborate.
4	I ate here for the first time a few days ago and It was pretty delicious. It he staff was friendly food was fresh. Overall good experience
3	Service is great here, but I was disappointed in the fuku burger.  The patty itself and everything about the burger was slightly above average at best. I was expecting something more for the price tag on the burger...more along the lines of STOUT, but it didn't deliver.  Even the togarashi french fries were average.  It is in a cool food court hang out spot.
1	Fuku burger is an absolute no no. It looked so good on pictures and reviews but when we tried it out, it was so gross and even their garlic fries. They pretty much just fried the fries then sprinkled a crap load of garlic salt to it and it didn't even taste right. I don't know if maybe that I came at a wrong time or that particular cook was horrible, but whatever the case is, they ruined this place for me. It is not the one, sorry. Never trying this place out again.
2	It was ok but the sauce did not agree with my stomach. Would try something  different  next time
3	Was a must when visited vegas. Went to the oriental food section or Asian food court (however u wanna say it) at LinQ. I got the mushroom burger and it was over kill on the teriyaki sauce. Even the fries couldn't off balance the sweetness. Oh well at least I can cross that off my foodie list.
2	I hate to do this to you Fukuburger, but why is the food here not up to par to the truck. Although I must add a disclaimer because I had this location a few weeks after they were opened, so maybe they improved?. I had the Katsu one and at first it came out burnt and I really did not want to sent it back but it tasted terrible. I was also scared they would spit in my food because of that myth of sending back food to the kitchen. I showed the cashier and she was actually really nice about it and the kitchen staff didn't seem to mind. I got my katsu the second time and it was cooked fine but I thought it lacked flavor. To add to that, the prices here are kind of ridic, but I guess that is sort of understandable since it's on the strip? But with higher prices the food should at least be good and this is why they are getting 2 stars from me. I'll definitely have to try them again at the LINQ or just stick to eating at the truck.
4	I'm giving them 4 stars because I love fukuburger's food. However, if I had rated this location overall, I'd give them 3 stars. On this Tuesday night, it was really slow but they had a DJ spinning and some guy rapping or adding voice effects to the music? It was obnoxiously loud and just weird. It's super out of place with the rest of the promenade. I placed my order and it took a really long time to get the food. They were spitting out maybe 1 order every 10 minutes. So 2 people and about 20 minutes later, I finally got my to-go order. I ordered two of the tamago burger. Even 20 minutes later at home, it was DELICIOUS! I could eat like 3 of these burgers in a row, they're that good.
5	Seriously one of the best burgers ever! Be sure to hunk of a clever fun nickname before ordering. It's yummy!
5	Readers beware... :) Don't be mislead by reviews of there neighbor FAME. Walk in and visit the mini food truck with great burgers!!
5	Amazing food!!! The burgers and crispy chicken were amazing and don't forget to try the garlic fries!
1	No stars if i could!! Food was disgusting, leaving a weird after taste. Over priced yuck! Very disappointed. Even the garlic fries were unappetizing. Decor leaves a lot to be desired-- more like a lounge atmosphere, Not an Asian eatery
1	This place is terrible.  Way over priced for the food quantity and quality.   I ordered a burger and fries.   $18.50!!!  Are you kidding me?   So i thought well, at least it will be good quality and a lot of food.   Wrong and wrong.   Food was mediocre at best and the entire order fit inside a little cardboard container that would usually just accommodate a side of fries.  I expect to get ripped off in Vegas, but this place takes it to a whole new level.   Avoid this place.
4	Haven't heard of this burger joint until today. Originally it's a food truck, but now they have a storefront!Location: Located in the FAME at the LINQ (Resembles Univeral City Walk, but with the "Worlds Tallest Ferris Wheel" (550-foot High Roller in the background). Look for a big giant boba cup! :)Service: Staffers were very nice and gave us the 411 on the must eats at this burger joint. Food came out fast!Food: At first, I was terrified that these burgers wouldn't fill us up. They were smaller than other burgers you see at other burger joints and were more expensive at $7.99 a pop. Learned another valuable lesson today. Never judge the size of the burger by it's price tag. We tried three burgers and while you are at it... get some garlic fries! 1) The Fuku-burger (Lucky Burger): Consisted of a fuku patty with lettuce, tomato, onion, and topped with American cheese and drizzed with Fuku sauce. Can't remember what was good about this burger, but it was one of their top seller. Burger ranked last!2) Tamago (Egg Burger): Consisted of a fuku patty with furtkake and teriyaki, finished with crispy onion strings & fried egg. Mmmmm... muy deliciouso! Loved everything about it especially the egg and the crispy onion strings. Every bite comes with a surprise of running egg yoke and crunch. Oh so heavenly! Burger comes in first! :)3) Buta-burger (Pig Burger): Consisted of fuku patty with miso glazed applewood smoked bacon, american cheese, onion, and pickled ginger finished with Japanese BBQ sauce. OMG! First time tasting a burger that has ginger in it! Loved every single bite of this burger and all the ingredients complimented the burger really well! Loved the Japanese bbq sauce which did not overwhelm the other ingredients. Burger comes in second!Would definitely make a stop here when I'm in Vegas again!
4	I was hesitant to try this place while in Vegas, because I figured I could have a burger anywhere. Well, I still ended up here and I'm glad I did. Fukuburger was definitely good.What makes FUKUBURGER unique is the Asian inspired combinations in the burgers. It makes it different--but in a good way. Only of course if your palette is open to new things. I guess you wouldn't be a true foodie if it isnt. I had the KARAI SPICY BURGER, and let me tell you, it really IS SPICY! It definitely made me sweat. So if you don't plan on sweating while eating, do not order this. BUT if you are a fan of hot and spicy food, this is delicious and a great choice! But you've been warned on the spice/hot level. Again, I wish I didnt eat this with a group of coworkers and friends. Was a bit embarrassing sweating and constantly patting my head with a napkin and drinking soda.The burger meat itself was delicious too. The other flavors they add on didn't take away from being able to taste the meat. It was cooked perfectly too. I believe the lady taking the order mentions they are all cooked medium? Now it can get a bit pricey when you add on fries and a soda. So expect to pay at least around $10 per person. The fries are good too though. They are seasoned and come with some dipping sauces that top it off. So definitely worth a shot. Like I said, it's different--but in a good way. Not the usual burger. Some may not like it, and that's fine. But if you are open to try new things and fusion of flavors, give this place a shot. I couldn't give it a perfect score simply because it seems a little pricey.
5	Best damn burger I've ever had! I have never had an Asian burger, so this place was a first for me. The cook with the glasses had recommended me to try the "Tamago" burger, and I was up for anything.The burger was AMAZING!!! The gravy fries were nothing like I have had, tooThis place gets all ten of my thumbs up!!
5	Ordered the #2 and it was delicious! Fries were amazing! Not the best looking place or anything fancy but very good food. And the fresh fruit drinks (with vodka) are very tasty! Highly recommend checking this place out.
5	With disappointment that the Los Angeles location was closed on Yelp imagine my jubilation that there was one nestled in the Linq (tucked away in the F.A.M.E. restaurant)! I am hooked on Fukuburger because one of the infusion of the Japanese culture, but beyond that it's just a damn good burger!I went ahead and changed things up this go round and selected the buta burger (aka pig burger). It was topped with a hearty couple strips of applewood smoked bacon with japanese BBQ sauce/wasabi mayo and the odd ingredient that packed a punch: red ginger (yes, fact). They do prepare the burger medium rare unless requested otherwise which causes the beef to be so tender and flavorful. It does get a bit messy, but once your knee deep in beef that's an apple/orange situation trust me!Also with honorable mention was the fuku fries seasoned with garlic salt and something else which I didn't catch, but I believe something of the japanese spice decent which did seem to tease my taste buds with a good time quite well and those are highly recommended to accompany the cow platter!The price runs about $27 for 2 burgers, fries, and drinks which certainly leaves your wallet feeling like a "grand champion" and the staff was top notch..They were patient as we took our time with the menu and went well beyond their capacity to leave us feeling welcome then and certainly in the future!They are certainly something new and a stray from the norm of a normal burger for sure, but it is "Fuk"in good so be there and don't grow square!
5	This was on our list of places to eat in Vegas. Not disappointed one bit! Ordered the #2 by recommendation. SO GOOD. Not disappointed at all. Lawd if only it was in my own home state...
4	I searched for this restaurant based on reviews from yelp and I'm so glad I did. I would give 5 stars but my fries were cold, I told the girl taking orders and she said they would make fresh,hot ones. What I got back was oily, hot fries and I believe they just redropped the old ones.  Anyway on to the burger.....magnificent.  Simply delicious, I'm salivating now.... I got the one with the egg and onion crisps.  It was so juicy and satisfying that I couldn't even finish the fries.  Whenever I go back to Vegas, I will go out of my way to eat here.  If you are reading this now and you are in Vegas, find this restaurant, you will not be dissatisfied
1	I am not sure what other people see in this place.  Their menu items are all priced too high and the food tastes like crap.  I was sick all night after eating here.  My wife and I took our daughter here, because we were in the mood for some good Asian food.  That was a big mistake that we will not repeat!   Everything about this place was horrible.  We ate off the FAME menu and the FUKU menu.  The food tasted pretty bad.  Every item on the menu is overpriced.  Our total was $50 for 2 egg rolls, a small bowl of soup, 4 disgusting pieces of dim sum, and the worst chicken sandwich I have ever tasted.  The burgers do not come with fries.  Everything is a la carte.  I do not recommend this place to anyone.  They actually served this high priced food on paper plates and bowls with plastic forks.  TERRIBLE.   The servers have no personality at all.  They are actually quite mean.  We should have walked out, but our daughter was really hungry.Don't be fooled by the sign that they stick outside their door that says HAPPY HOUR PRICING either.   That only applies to the beer.I cannot imagine they get much repeat business!!  I can guarantee you we will not go there again!
4	Great location. Great food. Girl who took our order was ANNOYING. Wasn't helpful with menu items even though we were first timers. I can't get over how annoying and unhelpful she was!!!! When our order was done she asked me for a "funny name" for the order. I was confused. I guess that's how they call out the orders instead of using real names. Which is fine. However the way she asked was so rude. Girl bye. Anyways the food was tasty and amazing. We got the burger with an egg on it? Forgot what it was called. I think it was the #1? With garlic fries. So delish! With crack sauce.
4	Taylor is a stellar employee who I witnessed getting verbally abused by an arrogant pompous manager.  This manager workingNew Year's Eve should be fired.  Taylor did a stellar job considering it was New Year's Eve but was being cursed and ridiculed openly, 5-10 feet from customers.The food was good, but the harassment I witnessed was despicable and there is no place for such a travesty, at any work facility.
4	Decided to try this place out since i was staying @ Flamingo & it was closeby. My cousin and I tried the Tamago burger (#2), the Buta burger (#3), and the Jazz fries.* The Tamago burger was really yummy! Something abt the egg that made the whole burger a delicious one! And the crispy onion strips! ~ The Buta burger was okay for me. The patty tasted a bit dry & the Japanese BBQ sauce seemed to overpower the taste of the burger. * The Jazz fries were BOMB. The gravy and everything made it soooo good. In addition the service was good. Think of a really silly name for your order & they'll proudly call it out when it's ready! LOL
2	After hearing how great the burgers are here, I really wanted to like this place.  Unfortunately, I didn't like much about it.  I ordered the hotdog and that wasn't very good.  I also ordered garlic fries and that wasn't very good as well,  they were extremely cold and I didn't care much for the seasoning.  I took a bite of my boyfriends burger and that didn't satisfy me either.  We spent about $30 but barely touched our food.  But at least the staff was very friendly =\
2	A burger joint hidden inside a dim sum place. That should have been the first warning sign!  We were a pretty large party of 19 and everyone felt the same way.  The burgers were average, the service wasn't great, and fries were just 'meh.'First off, the burger seemed a little undercooked. I mentioned it to the waiter, and he said that's just how they cook them.  The buns were a under-whelming. They were not even toasted, so for me, they seemed like plain buns right out of the supermarket.  My first bite seemed like it had decent flavor, but the taste of the burger just died after subsequent bites. I guess I just wasn't digging the 'Asian' flair.The fries were okay, but with the price of the burger, you'd think fries would be included!  Hey, it's Vegas right?If you measure service by how long between being seated, ordering, and getting our food,  service also gets 2 stars. Our waiter was new, and he had a good sense of humor, but it took 30 minutes to get our food!  It's just a burger!  Anyways, we don't live in Vegas, so there's not much of a question about re-visiting this place. Many more places to try the next time we're in town.
4	Great food! Especially the fries !! I still get cravings from the fries ! Must have crack sauce with them too.. The burgers are good as well. Worth the price for sure
