3	Oh my gah, Blair!  Look at her...dress...it is sooo....short!!!I like people watching and I cannot lie, but these ladies' dresses...I can't deny..they are so short and the heels are so high, they are so tight - my oh my!Lounging at the Boulevard pool, where many unlucky patrons were denied entry to the escalator up based on what they are wearing, a group of us hung out in large blue couch-like chairs near foosball tables, facing a matrix of sidewalks with endless stampedes of traveling tourists, all carbon copies of each other.  It was intriguing, really...I am a big fan of people watching on the strip, as people tend to wear things they would never wear in their hometowns.Every single girl had a strapless tight ruched dress that barely covered her tush, and 5 inch platform heels.  The outliers included a few dresses with elbow sleeves, women who were trying to be like their friends but got their dresses a few sizes too small, a few wearing ugly ugg boots with teeny dresses, and a few wearing dresses that had NO BACK so you either saw a naked back or a mismatched bra.If I were the fashion police, I'd be wholly employed tonight.  Apparently the cosmo is the worst offender in attracting wild touristy bachelorette posses, and the boulevard pool is the best place to find them.  We even got to witness a guy carrying a super-drunk girl when security made her stop and lay near us on a lounge chair...and her guy ditched her!I didn't get to try any drinks up here, but the bar looked nice.  The pool is spectacular and so is the strip view.  The toughest part about the upcoming elite event is that it will be a private party so to catch the conga lines of tight-tiny-tush showing dresses and high heels, you better hang on the lower levels.
3	I will not lie, Lisa L. has it right to come here to people watch. The mixture  of risque, Jersey Shore, Ed Hardy type, and frat boys leads to some mighty entertaining sights.The Boulevard Pool is a lounge and entertainment center by all means and less of a pool. The shallow large foot pool is enough to dip your feet in and recreate a scene from Bay Watch, but not for actual swimming. The other pool and hot tubs are nice for wadding and lightly submerging oneself, but yet again not good for even doggy paddling. The bar and pool are staffed with friendly individuals that are quick to meet the guests needs. The lounge chairs were comfortable. The four pool tables, one ping pong table, and shuffleboard allows for some good fun.
4	Picture a warm summer breeze, sunset setting, the shiny shimmery lights of the Vegas strip above and you poolside.......ahhh That my Yelp friends is the picture perfect description of The Cosmopolitan Boulveard Pool. The Cosmopolitan Boulevard Pool is like a breath of fresh air in the busy hustle and bustle of Vegas. With a beautiful blue pool that is surrounded by palm trees and the lights of Vegas - one cannot help love being on vacation and being here. In the pool area, they have plenty of seating for folks who just want to sit and relax. They also have a pool table where people can enjoy a game of pool. A beautiful and purely relaxing setting. The Cosmopolitan Boulevard is a boulevard of pure (vacation) bliss! :)
4	Best poolside concerts in Vegas.  However, the drinks are expensive.  Might as well drink hard alcohol for $11 instead of a $10 PBR.  Seriously.  No joke.  But the view is amazing!  The vibe during their poolside concerts is amazing and I've had some of my best summer evening memories there.
4	I've been here twice now -- once during the day as a pool patron/Yelp Elite event attendee and once in the evening for the Ben Folds concert. Overall, the place is pretty spectacular.I liked it most as a concert venue -- it was open and strangely intimate, not overrun with people and you could sit comfortably on loungers or with your feet in the pool. Big fan and can't wait to attend a concert here again.During the day, it's kind of crapshoot, but still very lovely. you have to take into account the folks that are vacationing. It can be a bit "frat boy/guido/moronic" , but that's to be expected in Vegas and it makes for good people watching (with running commentary, of course).I love the wading aspect to the pool and it's definitely much larger than I anticipated.The big drawback for me is the drink price -- at least during the concerts. $11 for a well vodka tonic in a plastic tumbler is really bollocks. I can get a fancier cocktail, like one of their signature cosmos, in a proper glass inside at the Chandelier for $12, so the concert drink prices kept me from making further purchases poolside.(Also, tip for the events department, when posting a show to pick up tickets at "Will Call", you might want to let people know where that is. You have to go on quite a hike to pick up your tickets. We were told by 3 people to go to 2 different areas before we finally found it.)But I'd see a concert there again any time.
4	Saw the Flaming Lips here last month and this place was great for a show. Its open space so you can wander to the back and not be bothered, or move right up front to be in the crowd. Plenty of room to sit tooWith nice weather I couldn't think of a better place to see a concert. Roof top over looking the Vegas skyline, while awesome music plays in the background. Where else would you rather be?
4	Great view, tons of seating, zero entry pool.  Lots of seating tiers.  Decent poolisde menu.  Fun games - pool table, etc.  I would love to see a concert here!There are daybeds by the pool that go for about $75 tues-thurs, higher on the weekends.  Cabanas can go for $200 tues - thurs (100 rental, 100 food and bev).Loved the Bamboo pool too, but each pool has a different personality.
3	Concerts at the Cosmopolitan Boulevard Pool are like a box of chocolates.  You never know what you are going to get.I've seen three concerts here:  Cake, Ben Folds, and Death Cab for Cutie.  The venue was very different for each.First, some basic info on the venue.  They drain the pool, or partially drain the pool for events depending on the concert.  There are some side pools that will still have water in them but you can't see the concert from them. So don't plan on water.  Next, you usually enter from the 3rd floor just past Blue Ribbon Sushi.  Although the pool is on the 4th floor, they usually lead you through the third floor of the convention center to the fourth floor in order to control the crowds.  Finally, beer is $10 for Coors Light, Corona, Budweiser, the basics.  You may be able to track down some more interesting beers for more but they won't be offered at all the bars. Fiji water (500 ml) is $5.  I saw people bring in their own water so try to do that. Virgin drinks are $5 and a little more satisfying than water.  Cocktails are in the $11 range or more. But like always, prices are subject to change.  Cake we got VIP tickets.  It was sold out and the line to get in snaked around the convention center.  Finally, someone came through the line asking for VIP ticket holders and took us to the front of the line.  Bonus.  I think the bottleneck was that the ticket takers were putting wristbands on every single person and checking ids.VIPs are up on the second floor balcony.  Once the first row of the balcony fills up, which is quick, you can't see a damn thing except the Cosmopolitan marquee, which was showing the concert.  We got there when the opening act was still playing. If  I wanted to watch the concert on a big screen, I could do so from the strip for $0.  A little disappointing.  Luckily, one of my friends "borrowed" a bunch of wicker end tables from the cabanas (they quoted us $3,000 for a cabana by the way and you really can't see anything from the cabanas) and we stood up on those to see the concert.  Not advisable, especially in heels, but the security didn't seem to care.  We had dedicated cocktail service in the VIP area.  Our server was super nice.  We had to go to the lower level for restrooms and then show your wristband to get back up.  The pool was completely drained for this concert.Ben Folds was not sold out.  Not even close. We got free tickets when the Cosmopolitan posted at noon on their Facebook page that they were giving out 50 pairs of free tickets.  We swung by around 7pm and still got tickets.  The pool was only partially drained so towards the back you could stand or sit in water and watch the concert.  Lots of comfy seating towards the back and you could see the concert on the marquee if you wanted to just lay down.  At some point during the concert, we just sauntered up to the VIP area.  No biggie.  For Cake, they were checking wristbands religiously everytime we had to go to the lower level to go to the bathroom.  Chill vibe, the bars weren't crowded.  Finally, Death Cab for Cutie was sold out and we got general admission.  The line moved pretty quickly. They just handed us the wristbands to put on ourselves and asked us if we were over 21.  We showed up when the opening band was still finishing up.  No water in the main pool but we found seating the back.  The bars were absolutely packed.  For whatever reason, they did not show any of the concert on the marquee, just the album cover for Death Cab's latest album.  At some point, some people in the hotel tower started throwing buckets of water (or something else) on the crowd causing pandemonium.  Good times. VIP looked packed (I didn't try to go up there) and it looked like they blocked off more the balcony for cabanas, making the view for cabanas better but making VIP suck more.So in a nutshell you may or may not get into the concert quickly.  You may or may not be able to see the concert on the marquee.  The main pool may or may not have some water in it.  You may or may not be able to get into the VIP area on a whim. The hotel guests may or may not throw water (?) on the crowd.  And a million other factors at play that I probably didn't notice.All in all, based on my three concerts I would say that this concert venue is A-OK but nothing special, except in its unpredictability.  The view of the strip is pretty nice, though.
3	I went to this place for the Death Cab for Cutie show Saturday night. The concert itself was wonderful. Unfortunately the venue was not. As we were trying to leave, they were leading us in circles. We kept thinking we found an exit but alas we were wrong. It just wasn't put together very well AT ALL. They lead you in through the third floor even though the pool is on the forth, though they have no signage telling you this. I probably would have enjoyed myself more if it was put together a little bit better. They don't check your bags, or IDs for that matter, so sneak in a flask so you don't have to pay $10 for a beer.
4	Located on the 4th floor. Pools are extremely shallow which makes for a good place to cool your feet on hot Vegas nights.They have fooseball & pool tables and pinball games set along the pools. It also looks over the strip. Theres an outdoor bar & flatscreens showing various games.I came here one night for a free concert (by Naked & Famous).  It was a very cool atmosphere to watch a show.  The band also put on an amazing performance!Downside, drinks were way expensive, but that the Strip for you.
5	So here's the thing about this poolside venue, it's smug but not that smug. Sure every night is nine dollar beer night and most of the people look like plastic drones, but the cosmo has money to burn when it comes to paying for talent. Good shows, beautiful venue with a cinematic view of citycenter and the Las Vegas strip. Lots of space, one can wander up and down the many levels of the patio and see everything on the led cosmopolitan sign. I'm also told during shows the music is played through out the casino. Combined with the fact that ticket prices are a flat rate with no hidden taxes makes this place my favorite casino pool side venue. I will note they should open the pool up during shows, or perhaps re position the stage.
4	Very chill music venue with a great view. I came here to see Thievery Corporation and my experience couldn't have been better.Pros:-They drain most of the pool area so people can walk around freely in front of the stage area-There's a lot of blue and purple lighting which matches perfectly with the pool setting-You can dip your feet in the pool if you'd like-There are places to sit an lounge near the pool-There are pool tables if you feel like playing- Awesome sound system- Clean bathroomsCons;-You CANNOT swim in the pool. There are no signs and I'm sure it's common sense, but I guess some people tried to swim during the Bright Eyes concert and they got kicked out immediately, even though the lead singer is the one that convinced them to do it. - Very pricey drinks ($10 for a beer)*Tip-Add the Cosmopolitan on Facebook. They are always giving out a limited number of free tickets to their concerts
5	It's a great place to lounge after a great night in Vegas. Come around 8:55a, right before the pool opens so that you can get a free chair. Great music and great vibes all around and you can see the strip!Don't forget to wear some sun screen!
4	Best and one of the newest concert venues in Vegas! They book a lot of good bands/artists, and the location provides such a beautiful view of the strip. Sound system is pretty good. Depending on the concert, sometimes the stage is set up, where the band is awkwardly towering over the crowd. I'm not short either... I usually chill out here during the winter time, but definitely not in a bikini, of course!
4	Came here the first day it opened for the season and thoroughly enjoyed myself.  We got a daybed and invited a bunch of our friends for food, drinks, and fun in the sun!!The food was amazing.  Definitely get the beef satay.  The sweet tea lemonade is TO DIE FOR...3 pitchers later...The view is great and the ambiance is chill and relaxing.  It is definitely a switch from Marquee - and sometimes you need that nice getaway.Definitely invest in the daybed or cabana if you can't find a seat.  You'll spend the money on food and drinks - easy.Definitely a fan
3	This pool is alright.  I like the pool tables and TV area but it's hard to find a spot near the pool when it's packed.  When I say hard I mean impossible.  I'd rather not sit in the nosebleeds at a pool.  Expensive drinks like every other pool.  No deal for locals, that I know of.  Only hotel guests.
3	Get there early to get a good spot!
3	This review is for the concert series and not for the day time pool. I love the concept. You can't get much better than outdoor live music, and I like that they have different areas to stand or if you are lucky enough to find a seat. My preference is to go to the second level and watch the concert on the huge screen they play over the Strip. My only beef with this venue is the bars. They have such a small selection of liquor and beer, I understand it's a pool bar, but I mean when I'm paying $15 to drink out of a dixie cup, I should have more of a selection that just nasty American beer or the 5 liquors they carry. I asked for a straw so I could stir my drink and I was told I had to go to the main bar to get one. They also won't serve ice water, have to buy a bottle for $5. Well I'm sure I will be re-visiting this summer because there are a couple groups I want to see. Let's hope they get better beer and liquor!
3	We liked the Boulevard pool the Saturday we went in April 2012. We got a daybed for 300 that day which included drinks and food. That's not too bad considering the Marquee Dayclub (a floor or two above this one, yet on the side of the building) can easily cost 1500 dollars - and there is nowhere to sit there if you don't get the chairs. We had really good food, a decent waiter (he was kinda MIA at times) but our bed was in the water, right next to that shower and when we didn't finish our entire bottle they put it back in its glass container and let us go back to the room with it (I don't know what they do for you if you don't stay there).We were thinking as we were checking things out that this might be a nice alternative to the Marquee pool (If you got a seat closer to that side of the building). We have'nt tried this but thought we might just to see if we could hear the DJs from over there).I did read one of the other reviews about how hard it is to take your stuff here and find a place to sit it down if you just want to hang out for a bit and I think I get that. We were here on a Saturday as I mentioned and it wasn't the height of pool season here in Vegas so that might have made the difference in that we did get a daybed and did have a good time and didn't see a lot of older people shuffling around looking for a place to sit or what have you. We will definitely be checking it out again from time to time (and maybe even spending time here during our stay for EDC considering we were told that the Marquee pool was going to be the official pool for EDC pool parties but that was incorrect and the one day they do have something is sold out!)I also assume that this is sort of the 'rollover' pool for when you can't get into Marquee (which I assume is a lot because you don't really get hotel guest privileges to the Marquee pool like you do at say Marquee club at night, XS at night and the Palms (which gives hotel guest 1 hour earlier entry as compared to those locals just coming to party).
3	I've never been here for the pool aspect, so this is based on the pool as a venue.Lots of GA places can be touch and go because you never know if the stage will be high enough so you can see, or too high where if you're in the front you're risking your neck. Not here - the stage was the perfect height from 100 feet back as it was from the guard rail. The sound was fantastic despite the fact it was outside. We saw Snow Patrol here which went from acoustic to rockin', and the volumes were always great. Between sets, you can turn around and see a beautiful view of the Strip. They stream the concerts live to their marquee (which is directly to the left of the stage) so even if you're far back, you can get a good view of things. I missed the boat on buying Smashing Pumpkins tickets back in October but still watched some of the concert from the street on the Marquee - hey thanks, Cosmopolitan!I can't imagine how HOT this venue must be in the summer (110 degree+ nights) but as for a breezy night in May, this has been my hands-down favorite venue. Bar service also leaves something to be desired - it's difficult to queue because it goes right up against the crowd and there's a ton of line cutters. Also, if you're wanting to wear your high heels and look cute, re-think that - you're going up three flights of stairs before you get to the pool.All in all I like the venue and the way they're booking great shows, I'll definitely be back.
2	The Boulevard Pool is one of three pools at The Cosmopolitan, the other two being the Bamboo Pool and the Marquee Day Club Pool. The hotel checks for room keys for entry into the pool level. It is open 7 days, 8 am to 8 pm.The layout: The Boulevard Pool consists of the main pool, a small wading pool, and a small heated pool. The main pool slopes gradually from very shallow (2" deep) water to deeper water (~4-1/2'). It is surrounded by padded lounge chairs and a few cabanas. On higher surrounding decks and by the wading pool, there are additional lounge chairs. A small recreation area is adorned with a wall of TV screens, some chairs, and two pool tables. Nearby is the Overlook Grill. Medium-loud Top 40 style music sets the ambiance. For a hotel this size, it's a rather small pool.The view: The pool is on the east end of the hotel, overlooking The Strip. When you're  in the water, mostly you are looking at Paris, Planet Hollywood, the giant LCD screen running Cosmopolitan ads, and the East Tower of The Cosmopolitan.Laying out in the sun: At noon on a Thursday in June, the pool wasn't that busy, though all of the lounge chairs by the main pool were already taken/saved. A number of lounge chairs were still free by the wading pool and on the upper decks. (The chairs are already looking worn, and many have cigarette burns.) There is plenty of sun in the morning, but by 3 pm, both pools are substantially shaded. If you are looking for sun at that time, try the Bamboo Pool.The service: Since it was a chill weekday when I arrived, I didn't have too much trouble ordering a drink from one of the roaming servers. There is a limited menu of drinks and appetizers left by the lounge chairs, but a full bar is available. Cocktails (~6 oz) are $15 plus tax & tip.
5	This pool is the sickest in las vegas IMO.So stunning visually.  The view, the pool, the glass walls overlooking the strip, really nice daybeds, sofas, lounges everywhere.The only thing bad about it is the service, which is not just bad, it's fucking retarded!They get the C and D list of pool waitresses here.Saw Justice play here.  It was an amazing place for a concert, for all of the same reasons the pool is awesome.........The only other thing that sucks, is the pool is only for hotel guests during the daytime, but they shows some movies here on weekdays for the general public.
2	Place is really pretty and the staff is awesome, until you hit any managers. Not too sure if I just happened to meet every butthead manager they own, or if they hire normal people, promote them then suck their brains and personality out? The two stars are for the pretty pool area, and because I'm not totally sure who worked for the venue, and who worked for the event we were there for. Seems you have to "someone" just to be treated like a human, and get legit questions asked.I will never go back to this place, if there is another event I want to see, and thats the only spot I'll stay home, I can got to Walmart and be treated better.
5	We went to the Bloc Party/Santigold show here a couple days ago, and the Boulevard Pool is gorg (of course, you can't expect anything less from the Cosmo)! I'll base my review on my overall experience with this venue; excluding the live performances.We had called the Cosmo earlier that day and they confirmed that doors opened at 8pm for the show. We arrived around 8:45pm, thinking that the line would be less chaotic since they would open doors at 8pm... But there was a massive mess of a line when we got there! It turns out that they didn't even start letting people in yet!  We were pretty irritated, but we were there already so we just hung out with the rest of the crowd. They didn't open doors until 9:45pm or so. When we finally got into the Boulevard Pool around 10:30pm, the place was packed. Once we found a spot on the balcony overlooking the pool and the stage, it started to rain which continued on and off throughout the night. Onto the venue.Venue:The Boulevard Pool is beautiful as other Yelpers have mentioned, and it overlooks Las Vegas Blvd. The pool was partially drained, so people who wanted to stand closer to the stage could do so without getting wet. As I said earlier, it was raining on and off that night, and the stage was not covered. I guess they weren't prepared for the rain, and it caused a bit of delay for the performances. Oh, and they also have a bar at the venue where you can buy grilled food! Unfortunately we didn't get any food, so I'm not sure the about the price range or menu. But the smell of the food grilling was mouthwatering! There were plenty of places to sit at the Boulevard Pool as well. The pool has two areas for cabanas; one area with smaller cabanas (presumably the cheaper ones) a couple feet from the stage, and larger cabanas on the balcony overlooking the pool and the stage. There are also tables located on the balcony that have a perfect view of the stage. And if you're too short to see the stage (like I am), they show the band playing on the huge Cosmopolitan display screen, so you won't miss a thing. The crowd was very diverse and friendly; a mix of tourists and locals.Service:The security people at the pool were pretty nice and helpful and pointed out where the bathrooms are and how to get there. The bartenders were nice as well. The drinks were yummy and strong, for the most part (it depended on which bar you went to; there are several all over the venue) and the average cost for a drink was $10-$15. If you plan on getting drunk, I highly suggest bringing your own flask or small bottle of alcohol (they don't check pockets or purses upon entry, by the way) to save some money!Overall, we had an amazing time and I think the Boulevard Pool is one of the best pools/venues in Vegas!
1	Pool was cloudy and murky. You have to pay $500 to sit on one of the big blue seats by the pool. Everything here costs too much money. The pool isnt even that great. I'd rather even be at the excalibur than here!
4	I've visited the Boulevard Pool in the past to "check it out" and found it AWESOME.  For this visit I was planning to spend some time at the pool when I heard about Dive In Movies on Monday nights in the summer.  Just the event I was looking for in this crazy hot weather on Labor Day.We arrived at 7PM ON THE DOT at the pool to nab some lounge chairs with a view of the marquee where the movie would be playing.  Then we spent the hour before the movie started playing in the pool and Jacuzzi and sipping on frozen concoctions from the bar.  It was hot for night time, but that made the pool even more enjoyable.The movie we watched was The Social Network, which I had seen, thank goodness.  Here is what I learned about Movies at the Boulevard Pool. The picture isn't great, but I didn't expect it to be amazing.  The sound where we were sitting was really bad.  Our seats were near the bar and that made it difficult to hear anyway what with the background noise going on, but the speakers near us caused kind of a echo or something that made it difficult to hear.  Next time, we will definitely try another location.  Because, if I have my way, there WILL be a next time!  Sound aside, it was so much fun.  Along with the booze, they also sell popcorn, hot dogs and you can even order a big picnic basket for two for $50.  It's a pricey place to play, but it was worth the experience.  It's a really awesome pool area with lots to do besides just swimming and the Monday night Dive In Movie was a hit for us.WHAT CAN THEY DO TO GET FIVE STARS?~fix the sound!  Really, that's pretty much it.~Make it for adults only... please please please
3	my husband and i attended the blink 182 concert 9/28/12 and the view along with the concert was awesome!! the bar service not so much, at all.  i wanted a margarita on the rocks. when i made the request the bartender replied we don't have sweet & sour.  really?  at a new popular resort pool, no sweet & sour?!?  i later decided to order a tequila sunrise.  the guy pours about 3oz of tequila then adds about 2oz of orange juice and sets the drink in front of me.  i ask him, 'doesn't it call for grenadine?'  to which he replies, 'i knew you looked high maintenance.'  REALLY??  because i expect the bartender to know how to make one of the easiest cocktails there is i am high maintenance??  i reply, 'ok? may i please have some grenadine?'  to which of course he replied 'we don't have any.'  WOW.  no grenadine and no sweet and sour?  maybe they should just start pulling the guys that stand on the bridges selling waters out of their igloo coolers to come run their so called bars...  they'll probably be more personable.all in all, GREAT concert, GREAT venue, drink your real drinks before you come because i can only suggest ordering a beer, surely they can't screw that up!
4	This review is for the concert venue, not the daytime hotel pool.I was at Boulevard Pool a little while ago to catch a Grouplove concert.  It was a fun venue, and pretty perfect for this show.  Everyone was just having a good time and enjoying the gorgeous weather, happy to hear a great band.  The view of The Strip is great.If you ever come here for a concert, here are some things to know:-To the right of the stage, near the entrance and bar, it gets really crowded.  Avoid it.-Walk around the pool to the left of the stage by the cabanas.  You should have more breathing room here.-Be prepared to get wet!  Wear a dress, skirt, shorts, or jeans you can roll up.  In order to be center of the stage you will need to be in the water.  My skinny jeans were soaked by the end of the night.-It's a bit of a maze to find the bathrooms, just ask an employee and save yourself the trouble of wandering around.I can't speak for the selection or pricing at the bar since I did not purchase anything from it.I had a great time, but would be pretty mad if a band I was really desperate to see played here.  While the acoustics and lighting are great, the pool and worrying about getting your clothes wet can be pretty distracting.
5	Not only is it my favorite place to get a tan but, also, my favorite concert venue.I've seen Aloe Blacc and Childish Gambino here. Very cool venue during summer when it's warm and the sun is setting at 8pm. Great ambiance!You can, also, swim while the concert is on. No need for seats in that instance!
5	By far my favorite place in Vegas to see a concert. With the "beach like" lighting and palm trees, mixed with the surroundings of city center this venue is truly the best of both worlds. Ive seen numerous shows here such as Death Cab For Cutie, Foster The People, and Ben Iver. And those I can honestly say were 3 of my favorite concerts ever. How do they have a concert in the pool you ask? they drain it of course :) Also with amazing backdrops for photo opps, you cant go wrong with this place.
5	We had so much fun at the pool on our stay. The bamboo was just too quiet and the marquee is snobby. We got there about 9am and there were no chairs open in the pool. We put our towels on some chairs in the second level. We were there about an hour and noticed the chairs in front of us had towels on them but nothing else do we asked the workers if we could use them since these people clearly walked down saved chairs and left. They said yes and the lifeguard pulled the towels. Then some guy ran over yelling I was saving those and the worker said you can't do that your stuff wasn't even here. So we got them. You can pull the chairs into the water which I love. We ate at the pool the fish tacos were awesome and plenty of food for one person. I thought $15 was a good deal on Vegas standards. We had some beers ($40 for a bucket of 5 ouch!!) and some wine which was yummy. We were here all day and loved it. Great people watching!
4	I noticed some people writing reviews for either the pool or the concert venue that it turns into at night. I would like to make this review about both.First i'll start off by reviewing the pool itself, during my last trip there everything was pretty great. Tons of cool people mostly my age mid 20's but you also saw some kids and older people every now and then. The vibe was really chill and people were tossing beach balls around all day. Other pros about the pool is the amount of lounge chairs that are accessible to everyone. Most upscale pool areas have reserved seating everywhere but I guess that's where Marquee Dayclub comes into effect. Only downside to my time there was that the sun dies down rather early because of the location.Recap:-Chill vibe with a DJ spinning tunes.-Lots of free lounge areas-Good looking people-Sunlight fades early-Pool not that big compared to other pools but the Cosmo has 3.Now to my review of the concert venue portion. We were fortunate enough to be staying at the Cosmo when Foster The People were performing there. Now I must state that I didn't actually attend but my Wraparound suite was positioned 54 floors up overlooking the whole thing. From my balcony I was able to clearly see and hear everything from the hundreds of glow sticks people held up to my friends being able to sing along to every song. The place is beyond amazing on a summers night in Vegas. If you get the chance to see an artist you like there definitely do so!Combined score of 4 stars
5	I really like this hotel, pool and venue.  It truly is located in the center of the Las Vegas Strip.  You can sip on coladas as you people watch with a birds-eye view of Las Vegas Boulevard.  Be prepared to see and be seen - you must be in excellent shape to enjoy this place.  Mostly Mid 20's- 30's with a relaxed/party vibe depending on what event is happening.  Can't wait to get back!
4	The Boulevard pool is not my first choice when I am staying at the Cosmo as I prefer the Bamboo pool which tends to be a little less "energetic" and has more shaded areas to stay cool but still enjoy sunlight. However, until the mid- April, the Bamboo pool is only open on weekends, so, on a sunny morning we headed to the Boulevard pool.There are actually two pools in this section, one when you first enter the area (which stays shady in the morning) and is right beside the whirlpool hot tub, and a second, larger pool that is closer to the edge of the building. We chose to stay in the somewhat shaded area and just lounged on our chaises, reading and enjoying the light morning breeze.We had had breakfast at the Overlook Grill (highly recommend!) and the waitress refilled my coffee cup so I could have some by the pool. Simply a beautiful way to spend the first part of what would be a gorgeous, sunny and hot day in Las Vegas!
4	We had a great time lounging at the pool & sipping on frozen pina coladas. My group of friends literally camped out there from 10am-5pm on Sat & Sun. Its super laid back with friendly workers.The only thing that I was uncomfortable with was a group of children (ages 4-7) were there (in the hot tub) while a whole bunch of drunk people were making out, cursing and basically enjoying themselves. Not to be insensitive but its Vegas and when I think of Vegas & a pool/ hot tub at the Cosmopolitan...or any Vegas hotel for that matter, I don't think of small children being present. It was slightly annoying because people had to somewhat watch their language and actions, which we shouldn't have to do because....WE'RE IN LAS VEGAS!!!
3	I'm not really a pool person, but we stayed at the Cosmo recently and DAMN did I want to sit in the sun and burn like a tourist.I was so excited to find me a bed, soak in some Vitamin D and relax.  I do love the atmosphere at the Boulevard Pool.  The rooftop views, multi levels, and very comfortable daybeds make it a suave and sleek spot (just like the Cosmo itself.  This hotel has got it going on).  BUT, upon arriving to the pool at 2:00 in the afternoon, I was dismayed to find it extremely crowded like they were having one of those pool parties where they cram everyone in.  I've been here for concerts and found it less crowded than I did on that Friday afternoon.  Also, the DJ playing obviously thought he was Skrillex Jr.  I don't mind a little dancey upbeat techno music, but it made it difficult to relax when there was so much sreechy scratching going on.Most disappointly, though, was the fact that the sun was behind the hotel, casting the entire pool in a shadow.  No sun!  It was actually cold!  I was bummed.We went back up to our room and laid out on the balcony instead.
4	I like all the pools here. The nice thing is they are not crazy huge.  Plenty of room to relax, get your drinks, etc... but not ridiculous busy. In my times here have never seen the old seat saving game going on as bad as some other hotels. Pool is close to all seats so you can cool off. Plenty of bars and wait staff.  Looking forward to our next trip!
5	We went to see the Yeah, Yeah, Yeahs here about a month ago. It was hands down the best venue I've been to yet! I loved being able to see the show from anywhere in the audience because of the giant screen overlooking Las Vegas Blvd and the pool added extra ambiance.Overall, great show, great venue, great time!
2	After seeing my 2nd show here, I can say it will be my last.  Super over-priced drinks, and if you aren't near the stage, it's almost impossible to get a good view.  I don't know why bands continue to have poolside concerts.. The Hard Rock pool is even worse.  I'd much rather see a show at a regular venue with a decent layout.
4	My first experience at the Boulevard Pool gave me some mixed feelings about the venue. I went with 2 of my buddies to the Of Monsters and Men concert on April 17th. The venue was very crowded, but there was still a sense of intimacy between the audience and the band that could be felt from where we were standing. One of the things I hate the most about outdoor concerts is that I have a big tendency to get very cold, and Boulevard Pool didn't cater to that need at all. The whole time I was there, I spent more time thinking about how cold it was than actually enjoying the bands performance. If they could add maybe a heater or two, or even turn on the ones they already have, I think it would have made things much better. However, even though I felt frozen half the time, when Of Monsters and Men came on stage I quickly forgot about all those bad things.Boulevard Pool offers a great experience for music lovers who enjoy having more of an intimate concert experience. Just remember to bring a jacket!
3	This review is for the concert venue, only.First of all, this concert venue has TERRIBLE acoustics.  Oh god, so awful.  I saw the Yeah Yeah Yeahs here and I couldn't hear Karen O.  If you're familiar with YYY, you'd know that 98% of their concert is Karen O screaming.  If you can't hear that, something is seriously wrong.Honestly, almost every concert I've seen here had terrible sound.  The only half-decent one was New Order, which was miraculously clear. But, the saving grace is the atmosphere. It's amazing.  You're surrounded by the city lights and lit-up pools.  Generally, there is also a soft breeze.  An outdoor festival settng in an urban environment = great time.  I also appreciate the copious amount of bars.  The lines are generally long, but you can get a drink pretty easily.  Also, security is pretty lax about sneaking in bottled water.  That alone saves you $9!If I HAVE to, I'll see concerts here.  But, if I really like them, I'd prefer to see them in the HOB, Joint, Pearl, etc.
3	I have been to better pools for concerts.  Rio and Hard Rock come to mind.  At those places I was able to find some seating on a beach set up.  Here, not so much.  There was some seating on a curb if you got there early enough.  At the other places swimming was allowed.  Not here.  The most wet I saw anybody get at this concert was dipping their feet into the pool while sitting on the aforementioned curb.  Even the cabanas weren't open.  I don't know that I have much room to complain since I don't typically use cabanas or the pool when I go to a pool side concert but it would nice to at least have the option.  Another problem I found with this place, getting in.  I was standing near the escalators I had assumed would go up at 8:00 when the doors were to open.  They never did.  Little did I know there was a hidden hallway where I was supposed to line up.  Then I had to walk up three or four flights of noisey diamond plate stairs.  Now, I am not handicapped but what if I was?  I did not see an elevator going up there.  I'm sure there was but it wasn't clearly marked.  The only elevator I did find had the 4th floor in its button pannel but when I pressed it I ended up on the 35th floor as they had the 4th disabled to "set up" the concert.  On the plus side, the sound was clear and loud as opposed to what I've read in other reviews.  And I like the stage set up.  It is high above the crowd ensuring even those in the back can see their favorite stars.  It doesn't work so well if you are up front though. I can see having to crane your neck for a couple of hours as becoming painful.  Like sitting in the front row of a movie theatre.  Why whould you do that?  Anyhow, this isn't a bad venue, per se.  Nor is it one that stands out in my mind as a true destination.
4	The pool is very nice and has great music on Saturday and Sunday...Monday music was a reply of the same rave music all day....PLease mix it up........Seating is a little tough but if you put your towel down, get a drink, and wait, a seat opens up sooner or later.  One suggestion is that when you order a Mojito it would be much better to actually make the Mojito then pour it out of a pitcher and charge me $14 for it.  The bartender could have been a little more into the art of making a drink, rather than the art of pouring a drink out of a pitcher.....I would have tipped him a few bucks versus a $1 since he really did not work hard for my dink...
5	I love love love the chandeliers :)
3	Never having to do the "pool" thing in Vegas, you'll have to excuse that I don't have anything to compare it to. Especially since I don't do the whole lay out by the pool thing. Period. My friends and I rented a daybed for $750 on a Saturday, during a long holiday-bachelorette party weekend. The price was higher due to to the holiday. The $$$ went towards a food/drink minimum, meaning we had to order that much. It was pretty easy to do. After a night of drinking at Marquee, eating helped a lot with hangover recovery. Drinking some more also helped. No. Really. It did.  =POur daybed, located at the northeast end, was under some palm trees, which made it easier to deal with the summer heat. The daybed could comfortable fit about 4-5 skinny girls laying down. If you get there around 8-9am, you can score some lounge chairs, as well. When it comes to Vegas, you never really know what to expect until it happens. In my case, my hangover suffering was eased up by some unlikely entertainment - a guido looking dude wearing a gold chain and gold lamae swim shorts, dancing in the middle of the shallow pool at 9am. He kept shouting at girls from the center of the pool, shaking his hips like he was a stripper. More power to him. It was pretty dang funny.By noon-ish, the daybeds/cabanas/lounge chairs were pretty much all taken. Music was pumping loudly and the pool looked pretty filled. Gotta give props to the servers who took care of our drink/food orders. They were spot on, if somewhat busy, by the time the crowd rolled in. Also, thank goodness for those palm trees! I'm not a fan of heat or sun. But, I was there for to celebrate the last few days of single-hoodiness with my girlfriend. Was the price worth it? Yes, especially if you're doing the bachelorette party thing, during a long holiday weekend and really want to hang out with your girlfriends. Thing things that I suffer through for my friends. ;0)
4	Really fun pool, they have lots of places to lay out and even have chairs in the shade with TV's to watch sports.The bartenders here are not friendly, but they do pour very strong drinks! You can get blended margaritas and pina coladas with fruit in them, as well as buckets of beers. It is $36 for a bucket of 5 beers so not too expensive, and they give you limes and lots of ice.We met a ton of people in the pool hanging out, and they play good music during the day. There were basically no kids here as well, I think they all go to the Bamboo pool, so it is nice to have just adults here.
4	I saw the Cold War Kids play here thanks to complimentary tickets from a friend, and while they were pretty terrible the venue itself was very nice. The stage was poolside and outdoor, yet was so well-designed it felt like an interior space, had gigantic video billboard displays, a calculated breathtaking view of this part of the Strip, big comfy couches, and a really affordable bar.I hear that local bands play here for free some nights which is kind of incredible considering the local dives I'm used to in San Francisco. On that note, I wish SF wasn't so obsessed with old, vintage buildings because the music scene could definitely use a swanky, new and shiny place like this once in awhile.
3	The look of the pool and the actual view are great but u need to be lucky enough to find a day when you wont be over run by Jersey shore tough guys and wanna be fight tshirt guys... I personally like the pool but on busy days its more of a people watching event. Just dont hangout to long if you brought a pretty girl cause after a few drinks and too much sun the real idiots come out and tend to find there beer courage and wont leave u or ur girl alone. I guess its more for the people that need or want attention.
4	First time ever at The Boulevard Pool and it was for the Enrique Iglesias concert. Definitely not too big but doable. It reminded of an outside version of House of Blues. Loved that there is an upper level to the  pool for better view. Not sure of that's "VIP" section of this outdoor venue but must have been a nice view. Comfortable little outdoor venue, anywhere you end up during the show is a good spot to view the show.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place!! I have yet to see a concert at the Boulevard Pool but am a weekly movie goer for Dive In Movies. The bathrooms are really clean, a great 180 degree view, good variety of movie selections throughout the summer, and really comfy chairs! $5 for a can of soda but you ARE on the newest hotel & casino on Las Vegas Blvd! Excited for pool season 2014!
3	The scene on Columbus weekend was relaxed and uneventful.  We did enjoy hanging out in the lounges watching TV and playing PlayStation 3 in between laying out and hitting the hot tub.
4	In the early morning, before the hot tub is overrun by jersey shore wannabes...before the cabanas are brimming with douchebags & their maxed out credit cards...this pool area is really blissful. Views. Comfy lounge chairs. Pools are the perfect temperature. Lounge mats in the pool. That gigantic shower head thingy. It's heavenly...Until your thoughts are interrupted by grunts & "omg, I hope my eyelashes stay on in the pool! Do you think they will?!" The d-bags have awaken, & that's my cue to peace out.
1	PLEASE do something about that slippery floor before somebody sues your ass for injuries!I've stayed at the Cosmo twice now and the first time I had the convenience of lounging at the Bamboo pool which was quieter and much closer to our room than the Boulevard Pool. We decided to check out the Bamboo pool around noon on Friday and it was closed for whatever reason so we had to resort to hanging out at the Boulevard pool which was all the way at the other end of the casino near the day club.While I was walking pass the bar area to find some lounge chairs I slipped and caught myself near the entrance to the escalators. I was walking barefoot at the time and figured perhaps I was being clumsy. Then when I proceeded to walk back again I completely ate it this time at the same exact spot and crash landed on my elbow and back. I now have a nice bruise on my elbow and pain radiating from my back and ribs because of this horrific fall. Good thing I didn't hit my head otherwise I'd probably end up in the emergency room. I swear the floor is so damn slippery and I can only imagine what would happen if an elderly person or child had fallen. They have absolutely no signs whatsoever near the floor so anyone is bound to slip and fall from the pool water that spills out to this area. The life guard had to come and make sure I was okay, but even after I suggested for them to put up a caution sign I never saw them take action in doing so.
2	I have been here a few times. I have heard a few shows here. I have played a few games of billiards here. The tables are entirely too close together. It is free so I cannot hold that against them.I have seen a gigantic, near-NYC size rat here once (no bullshit)(Well, it may not have been that big, but it was not small.) I wondered how the fuck a rat gets on this roof to begin with -- but beyond that -- how in the world do they not have some sort of competent pest control that would mitigate for this guy. I mean, I am not big on killing animals, and technically this guy is an animal, but man ... Southern Nevada Health District ... where are you? They sell food here. Drinks too, I suppose. I have never imbibed. Read above. Additionally, what I can certainly hold against them is being kept out of ticketed shows that I actually had fucking tickets to! Note: Arrive really late, and it may very well happen to you as well. First time this happened was for Robyn. No shit. It was a Coachella 2011 run-off show, on Thursday night, and I was doing an early/late: attending Arcade Fire/Local Natives at The Joint, then hurrying over for Robyn. My tickets were at Will Call and I was sent every which way in an extensive, not-much-fun Scavenger Hunt  which lead to nothing but us leaving displeased with the Cosmo. Second time it occurred was for a show I cannot recall. (It must not have been that important.) Anyway, even without a ticket, I made my way up to the entrance area and the door obviously knows my ugly ass from previous shows because after about twelve seconds of explaining that there was no Will Call and what-the-fuck, they let me in. Third time really pisses me off. Fuck Robyn and the second artist I cannot even recall at this point. We are talking Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeroes. Edward Sharpe! This ... well, I will revise this review at another time, because I was not going to accept being locked out of an Edward Sharpe show I actually had Ticketmaster ducats to right in my hand and it is somewhat of a longer story.How many characters are the maximum allowed again? Until the next episode ... - E
5	Just recently came to the pool, for during the winter they offer a ice skating ring, while playing holiday movies. Now I've been to pool before during the day and concert which is an amazing venue for concert! But coming to experience the ice skating ring was a different yet awesome time. They offer warm alcoholic beverage which were delicious. I had this beverage with rum, almond milk, and "horchata" flavored liquor and it was amazing. Also they offered great comfort food to keep you warm. The thing in the good menu was the s'mores bundle which you got came with sticks so you could toast them by the camp fires they had spread out through the venue. And then the ice skating part, I'm 30 years old but I felt like I was 16 again at first barely keeping my balance but then getting the hang of it. Staff was friendly as always and bar tender was very knowledgable in the cocktails they offered. All in all definitely recommend checking it out.
4	I'll admit, the Boulevard Pool has that Jersey Shore, Frat House, and party feel. The overall layout looks perfect for an MTV summer dance party with a few reality shows here and there. Boulevard Pool includes:+3 levels    -lower part is the pool, spa, restaurant and bar    - 2nd and 3rd part are more levels for sun bathing with killer views of the strip all around you.+Over priced restaurant, 3 pool tables, outdoor living room with flat screens+Lounge chairs all around the pool and built in lounge chairs within the landscape, pretty neat in my opinion. +A nice size spa that can fit 15 - 20 people+Aesthetic architecture +Cosmopolitan Marquee right above you so you can enjoy the hilarious Cosmopolitan commercials This pool really hits the mark with it's excellent customer service and Vegas style atmosphere. I feel lucky to receive a comp room with my mid roller play to experience this. I haven't tried the Bamboo Pool yet so I'll just have to wait till Summer is around the corner. Happy Travels!
1	Small. Looked like ice walking. Got there 15 min after opened. Already packed. No real ice SKATING more like ice walking. Don't bother.
5	You want titty bounce bounce? Head to the Blvd Pool...@___@You want relaxing time in a laid back atmosphere? Bamboo Pool is for you...^___^
5	WOW! I saw MGMT here last year and it was amazing! On the rooftop with a view of the cosmo lit sign just behind the stage. Just awesome.
4	Rating the Boulevard Pool as a concert venue for Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros~ this was one of the best concerts I've ever been to. I've never been to a venue like this and was a bit worried, but Boulevard Pool proved to be decent. Showtime on our ticket said 7:00pm and we arrived right on time. Edward Sharpe did not perform, however, until 9:00pm so it would have been nice to have known this. The line to get in went very quickly. The drinks are far too expensive (I paid $15 for a gin and tonic), but they didn't check my purse so at least I brought in a water and probably could have snuck in alcohol. Once the concert finally started, everything was great. It was easy to make our way up near the front, the crowd was good. I'm quite short but was able to see the stage fine because of the elevation. The sound was wonderful. Loud, but you could really understand the lyrics. I know this review is probably so favorable because Edward Sharpe put on such a lively, entertaining and interactive show, but I would still look forward to going to this venue again. I would just drink more beforehand and show up a bit later next time.
2	If you like more head in your Guinness than beer than this is the place for you. Not impressed with this venue whatsoever! We bought tickets to the 8 pm flogging Molly show on 3/15/14 and they didn't even open the doors until about 10 after 8. Went to the the bar to get the most horrible poured Guinness and a Cosmo where we paid $40.00!!!!!! We about fell on the floor. Here we are 9:55 and still no flogging Molly so we left. This place is a total rip off! We will not be going back.
4	The boulevard at the Cosmo is by far the coolest venue I've been to. I went here to see Vampire Weekend perform and the atmosphere was perfect. The Cosmopolitan, to me, is already one of Las Vegas most hippest and trendiest Casinos. The Boulevard, is exactly the same. It is an rooftop venue, with some views of the strip. There are two pools! You don't even have to watch the band, you can swim and enjoy your cocktails while only listening to which ever band is performing. Also, you know how concerts always get uncomfortably hot, from all the breath and energy being projected. Well outside, you will at least get a little breeze to ward off the heat.
5	Whenever staying at Cosmo make sure you visit the BLVD pool as it has multiple pools, restaurant, bar, lounge area with tvs, pool tables and other amenities.
1	I understand that pools are first come, first serve, but if there are loads of reserved chairs open, & it's only two of us, & we are willing to pay for it, there should be some accommodation. We asked the pool staff how much to get two chairs, & they said it's $750 for the big table, & starting $250 for four of the chairs. Naturally, I asked if we could buy only two seats, because it's two of us only, but she said it's all four or nothing? So in other words, we pay 750$, 250$ or leave. I would have easily paid up to $150 for two of us to relax by the pool. But we were forced to leave the pool, because there was not a single chair to rent. I'm not complaining cause there are no open chairs, but if a guest is willing to pay then accomodate them. Anyways, my only poor experience at Cosmo. I guess next time we will wake up at the break of dawn & come get a seat, cause otherwise all chairs r gone.
2	The service was great from the gentleman who gave us a wristband (free if you are a guest of the motel), although we did have to go back to get our id's (and we're in our 40's). Elevator guys were friendly too. My two stars are for them. The pool itself was crowded and expensive. We bought drinks at the bar and ended up watching the hoochie show from our towels on a planter because there was no place to sit. The pool was more of an after thought. It was an experience, and the techno music was good. The rest was like Paul B. said, MTV/reality show atmosphere - only go there if you're going to see or be seen. Drank our drinks and headed to one of the other 'better' pools.
3	If you're looking for late afternoon sun, this is not the pool for you. Because of the location of this pool, the surrounding buildings block most of the sun later in the day. We arrived around 3:30pm and by that time the pool was completely shaded. We were able to chase the sun around until about 5:30 on the various pool decks, but after that there was no hope. The atmosphere however was quite nice, and the lounge chairs were super comfortable and plentiful. Music was playing over the speakers at a perfect volume- loud enough to hear from all around, but quiet enough to still hold a conversation. There were also some nice looking lounge chairs in the pool itself, but I didn't check them out since my main goal was catching some rays! And probably the best part about this pool is that they allowed us to bring in our outside drinks as long as we poured them into one of their cups at the entrance!
4	The pool is absolutely gorgeous and everyone working here is so nice. Especially the towel guys. My husband and I couldn't find any place to sit unless we got table service with a crazy minimu. However, the towel guy (i forget his name) saw us looking for a place to lay out and found us the most perfect chairs. He was so accomodating. The drinks are and pool food are yummy too. The prices not to much but what do you expect from The Cosmo.
5	Saw Neon Trees here tonight. What a great show! I love this venue. I haven't been to many concerts, but growing up in LA, I always went to huge, coliseum type venues, which I thought sucked. Las Vegas seems to have smaller venues, where it's very easy to get to the stage and see the performers up close. Awesome. Neon Trees isn't my favorite band, so I wasn't going to risk the elbowing and hair-pulling to gnaw my way to the front. But it was nice to know that I can! The sound and light show was awesome. There isn't a bad seat in the venue. There's no swimming allowed in the pools, but you can sit and dangle your feet. They were cool about letting me wear my bikini. Protip: the pool gets a lot of use. Yuck. I'd never swim in it. By the end of the concert, there was a lot of trash floating in it. Refreshments are ridiculous, of course. They have a full bar. My pina colada cost $14. I had to get two bottles of water because they were so small and they were $4 a pop, but then they add two taxes, I think after tip, a  bottle of water was $7. I thought the price of the ticket was reasonable, $30 a pop. So economically, it wasn't a bad night overall, but paying so much for refreshments did leave a bad taste in my mouth.**Overall, this is my favorite music venue in Las Vegas. Yes, it gets hot, but the sound system is the best I've heard and I love the beauty of the pool and the Strip. There's also no bad seat in the venue**
5	Fabulous venue for a concert!It was my first time seeing a show here.  During the day it is their pool.  At night they drain half of the pool for part of the general admission standing area.  The great thing about this is you can get as close to the stage as you want.  The closer you are to the stage, the more packed in like a sardine you'll be.  Even standing back about 100 feet, we had plenty of space with a great view! You can even sit with your legs in the pool and enjoy the show if you'd like!  A few people had enough liquid courage to jump in after the show was done.  They have a few different bars for your drinks. It's your typical venue pricing for those.  But there was also a food area without the Cosmopolitan prices!  Nice! I love the smaller venues.  The Boulevard Pool is a great place under the stars to watch your favorite bands.  Enjoy the show!
5	The pool here is a lot smaller than anticipated but with a lot more shade than other pools. There are daybeds all around and cabanas along the walls. They were playing EDM but not crazy loud. That was quite helpful since I went on Sunday morning and was still recovering from the night before.  Overall I had no trouble getting in and service was impeccable from the staff from our daybed. They have open bar for girls on Sunday from 1-2 when I was here in May. I would definitely return!
5	My husband and I come to Vegas every year and this has been our favorite pool atmosphere so far. The people tend to be in their 20's through 40's mostly and in pretty good shape. You have to get here early if you want a good seat though. They have misters that spray water on you around the pool which helps keep you cool. The music starts out pretty low, then around 11:30am they raise it. It's a party crowd later in the day, not the place for kids in my opinion. You can order food and drinks pool side which is nice. We love the hotel and this pool!
5	Although drinks are absurdly priced, if you're here to see a show, at least the tix are decently priced. I mean $16.50 for a Miller Lite tall boy or step it up to a Modelo for $18. Don't drink alcohol, no worries, they've "got your back" w/ $11 for a Fiji big bottle or $6 for a plastic cup w/ soda stuffed w/ ice. Okay so I think you get the point, drinks are pricey.Now what makes this venue awesome...first, tix prices are always really reasonable (imo). Second the sound quality is never a let down. They get some of the best bands and performers to come through. The venue itself is all around awesome. Tons of comfy seating throughout. There's also the pool side for you to kick off your shoes and get your toes wet, if they know how to swim. If not, now worries, there's usually a lifeguard on duty. When you walk all the way to the rear you get some of the best strip views, almost as good as from Chateau just not as high. There's definitely plenty of room to not feel confined. The eats ARE more reasonably priced. I like the grilled sausage (no homo). The Neapolitan Ice Pop shop, when open, is worth every penny. They have these real fruit and alcohol infused pops that are amazeballs. When allowed over there, there's another area w/ great views and more seating. There's a pool table over there too. If you're pool side on a regular day they also have foosball, a pool table and TVs w/ game consoles hooked up. Definitely a chill spot to kick it. The service is good and the employees at the pool are always friendly.
4	There is nothing better than a morning or afternoon by the pool to cure the ails of a Vegas night out. Although, if that pool is a party in itself, equipped with promoters, no food, $20 drinks and bottle service, it is not exactly therapeutic.For guests of the Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas, the Boulevard Pool is the perfect balance of low-key party and sun-soaked  rejuvenation. Chaise lounges rested in two shallow pools, cabanas lined the perimeter with views of the Cosmo, Bellagio Aria, and the Strip, and a recreational area was set up for foosball fanatics or those interested in watching the world cup final in style...IMG_7045And the FOOD! We ordered Big Eye Spicy Tuna Tartare which was generously piled on crispy rice (picture at the top). These little morsels were quite fantastic! To round-out the clubwear-conscious brunch, we shared garlic spiced edamame.IMG_7049If the ambiance and food haven't sold you on the Boulevard Pool, check this: YOU CAN BRING YOUR OWN DRINKS IN THE POOL AREA! My friend Bobby and I schemed an "Ocean's Two" style mission to bring our mixed drinks from the room into the pool area; however, we were stopped by the attendant at the door.Busted!...Or so we thought. As it turned out, the Cosmo was more concerned that we were bringing a Daylight club-branded container into the pool area than the alcohol itself. He pulled out two Cosmo cups and said, "Just put the drinks in here and you are good to go!"Such a good attitude and a classy operation -- The Cosmo in a Nutshell.
5	Helpful, attentive, and friendly staff.  A great mix between casual and upscale pool.  The area has couch and cabana areas for rent, plus free loungers. Drinks are reasonably priced for the location.  Has areas to get out of the sun if necessary.  Pool tables and televisions are in the open to use.  Great place!
4	Very clean - but gets very crowded on hot summer days.
5	My review is regarding an evening summer concert; specifically Dilated Peoples/J5 on July 17th. Let me preface this by saying that I haven't been to a hip hop show in a very, very, VERY long time. Most of issues with these shows have to do with how cramped things can get, shitty attitudes from overly aggressive attendees, and not being able to see a damn thing (GA seating is unkind to those who are 5' 2"). With that said, this venue seemed to present itself as the beacon of hope for what can be. The Boulevard Pool was very easy to access. Those going straight to a show should park in the East Tower (or stay in the West Tower and make my life easier). Sidenote: It's perfectly located on the third floor near all the restaurants that have Happy Hour on weeknights, making for perfect pre-show festivities. The venue is on the third floor just past the restaurants. It was very quick and easy to get through security and I was surprised to find the stage practically in front of me when I got in. That's the first counter to my issues: elevated stage. It didn't really matter where anyone stood because the well elevated stage and very large screen made it possible to see everything. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=U76UBeGjN4GfRFr4y7fgLg&userid=5DFshFQlbQiQTvtzH7qwlAhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=OZip5SOFEo0OJxukKLku1w&userid=5DFshFQlbQiQTvtzH7qwlAThe rooftop venue was phenomenal. I remember thinking, "wow, I'm watching live UNDERGROUND hip hop on a ROOFTOP." There was a wonderful breeze going through so it never felt stuffy or cramped. What was cool was the the pool area remained partially opened for use. I don't know if the prior lent to the crowd but the audience was great; positive, upbeat, and energetic despite it being a weeknight. Now, getting out of the venue is another story. The parking lot was quickly backed up and almost stalled but the staff worked quickly to direct traffic. I love the venue and look forward to attending more shows!
4	One of the most swanky casino hangouts on the strip.  pure sexiness.  Even the parking lot is cool.
2	Located on the 4th floor of The Cosmopolitan and thus laden with the hotel's typical douchebag crowd of bros wearing sunglasses at 8pm it was much to my dismay that I found myself standing around waiting for Interpol to begin at 9:45 on a Thursday evening, the stage set far above people who seemed as though the cared far less about the music about to begin than taking selfies and smoking pot while admiring one another's skin-art...though in the end, perhaps this was appropriate given the piss-poor quality mixing and glare from Aria as well as pH as sounds from the strip echoed into the night air.Truly a shitshow and undoubtedly the worst venue I've yet to experience in Vegas suffice it to say I'll not be back soon and no matter how much I've loved Interpol during tour stops in New York, Detroit, Columbus, and Cleveland one must question why on earth they'd have considered playing such a show in the first place - has a band that once filled Radio City Music Hall twice in one year really fallen this far in only 2 years?
3	It's fun to watch movies here. The drink prices are outrageous though. I saw one concert here and I didn't like it for that kind of venue.
4	I've been to the pool a few times now, for 2 concerts, and then the Margarita festival last night.  I'm going to write the review based on last night's experience, since the concerts were a while ago.We arrived early, and the security guards outside the pool were super helpful and friendly.  They directed us to will call, and then chatted until the doors opened.  The layout of the pool is great for events and concerts.  Last night there were tables set up ALL over the place with drinks, and a food station too.  Everyone that we encountered that worked there was polite, and kind.The crowd was chill, and really fun...we made a ton of new friends last night.  I will come back for more events here, if I have to opportunity to do so.
4	I've seen a number of shows at the Boulevard Pool at the Cosmopolitan, and I have had an excellent time at each one. The venue is in a great section of The Strip, with fantastic views of the city all around. The sight lines are clear from any angle, and regardless if the size of the audience, you'll have an unobstructed view of your favorite act. The sound quality has always been very good. You can't go wrong seeing a show at this venue. I don't venture to The Strip often, but I will always be up for a show at the Boulevard Pool. If there is a drawback, it's the drink prices. In a word those are crazy. I tend not to drink much at a show, so that has had little effect on me.
4	Went to a couple concerts at the pool and the venue is ok.  I went to a less known band on a Thursday night and had a wonderful experience.  Smaller crowd and it was a lot of fun.  Conversely I went to a very popular band on a Saturday and didn't enjoy it at all.  Too many people... drunk people... that made seeing anything or really enjoying the experience nearly impossible.
5	Cool place. We came here to ice skate during the Thanks Giving holiday. My daughter's love to skate and had a blast. They have hot chocolate and a few other things for you to eat and drink. It was very comfortable and relaxing. During the holidays get away from the casino for a while and enjoy some outdoor ice skating.
