5	Everybody knows Pho is the best cure after a night of obsessive drinking...and in Vegas I know almost everybody be getting drunk so read this and check em out!Pho Vietnam is located on Spring Mountain Rd. in the "Asian District" above Sam Woo.  The place is clean, service is polite (Vietnamese servers are so much nicer than Chinese/Koreans!) and the food is bomb!Their pho broth comes out piping hot and the taste is clean and soothing like it's made from real beef broth and not just water and MSG (which is still good hahaha).  Their meat is not paper thin but big and thick and comes out rare, make sure to dunk it under the noodles.  Order the crunchy eggrolls!  If you got room order the french bread w/ bbq pork or beef!  They bake the bread fresh and it's crispy and perfect!I know it might sound weird to be eating Pho in Vegas but this is the place to be after waking up w/ a hangover =)Bonus!  The prices aren't that bad- compared to the $13 pho at the Venetian and Rio Hotel!
4	A friend took us here after a long day of climbing at Red Rocks. The food really hit the spot, especially the egg rolls! omg, they were so good, you must order them. Freshly made and fried, and they come with a plate of veggies to wrap it in. I had a grilled and shredded pork plate for dinner and it was delicious. The grilled pork was really tender and they gave a fairly generous portion for how cheap the dish was. There's a Chinese restaurant next door if you're not in the mood for Vietnamese.
5	I woke up with a pho king headache from partying too much in Vegas. I need pho, pho king fast.Quick yelp search of 4.5 stars and I am reunited to the pho place that I came to as a young child. I came here with Robin and her family and her family knows how to pho. Oh yeah!If Robin and her family brought me here when I was 16 and it's still here with 4.5 stars... It's gonna be good!I order the wrong item on the menu because my head is spinning, I tell the waitstaff of my error and they bring me what I wanted, FOR FREE! They didn't charge me for my error. Woo hooo!Freaking awesome!Bowls of pho are around $8. Sandwiches are around $3. They have rice stick bowls, which are dry rice noodles eaten with veggies and meats.Perfect for hangovers!
3	Wowzers, is it just me, or is pho expensive in Vegas?  About $6 for a regular bowlof pho tai.They cooked the noodles to order, I think, but they hadn't finished cooking yet :P  They were slightly hard when I got them, but I let them soak in the soup for a bit and that helped.  Plenty of rare steak, yay!Service was friendly enough and the place looked clean. The Pho broth was good, but something was missing; it's less rich than others I've had.  And Even though it's a bit more, I still think it's pricey for what it is. It was nice to have a comfort food so far away and I don't regret choosing this over a dinner buffet... but frankly, I think LA does it better.  Yay SGV!
4	I like this place in Vegas.  It is sooo much better than the 1st Pho place on Spring Mountain Road (aka Pho Little Saigon).  That place... bleh.  This place... good.It is good since the food is tasty, the egg rolls are crispy, and the service is acceptable.  Also, IT IS NOT effen busy like Pho Saigon.  I guess since it is upstairs, above the 99 Ranch Market, many people either don't know about it or don't care about it.Well, now you know about it, so go here next time!
4	my wife is a sucker for all things soup-noodle related.  she loved it here, and i found it pretty satisfying.  their peanut sauce with the cool spring rolls is fantastic, the soup broth is good although it could have been served much hotter, and we ordered a plate of tung choy that is hard to come by in AZ restaurants.  overall a typical pho place.
3	This place is friggin cheap for lunch, and you should definitely go here if you have a car and want some quick Asian food. The funny thing is that this restaurant is half Chinese & half Vietnamese.Their Vietnamese menu consists of pho (at $6.35-$7) and spring rolls ($3.95 for 2) and their Chinese menu consists of small dishes ($4.95-$8) but come with soup/white rice on the side.Nothing fancy, nothing special, just straight up Viet/Chinese food. The restaurant was actually good, but maybe because we went here at 1:30PM for lunch when it died down.
3	The pho here is pretty average. Good service with reasonable prices. Not the best place but will do.
5	My husband and I stopped by for a quick to-go order of spring rolls and french style iced coffee.  Loved it.  The coffee was way bigger than I expected and super strong.  My husband got his beloved spring rolls and told me they were the best he'd ever had and big to boot.  I can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu.
3	So I went back to this place to try something off the rest of the menu.  My husband and I both ordered the pho with well done beef.  While I was impressed with the freshness of the sprouts, the soup left a bit to be desired.  The beef was really fatty and the noodles were really over cooked.  I know asian places are not known for their customer service but when I ordered a drink with a number instead of the name, the waitress about crapped herself.  She yelled in shock as if I was trying to order two entrees.  At least the gentlemen who work there were friendly.
1	I used to think this is my favorite pho in Vegas but now I'm not so sure.  I recently went and ordered the dac biet with extra tendon.  The broth is pretty good, it's not as sweet as Pho Kim Long and not as salty as Pho Saigon 8.  The extra tendon I ordered was way undercooked - so it was yellow and a little chewy.The worst part of the meal was that my server decided to sit at the table next to me and start clipping her finger nails.  I was so worried that a little piece of her nail was gonna get in my soup that it ruined my dining experience.  She had her back to me and I'm pretty sure it was her fingernails she was clipping, but I kept worrying it was her toenails.  Either way f'ing disgusting.
3	the food is okay. but coming from the bay area where there are tons of vietnamese restaurants, it's not quite up to par. we had pho, and goi cuon. both were decent. i would not come back here if there was another vietnamese restaurant.
3	If you're looking for some bomb dot com pho, run away now.  This place offers mediocre pho for higher than normal prices.  The noodles are too soggy and has a weird industrial after taste, if that makes sense.  Haha... I had a couple bites and couldn't eat anymore.  Fortunately, I had milk tea boba from the Volcano Tea downstairs so was munching on the boba balls the rest of the time.My friend got the beef chow fun and that looked, smelled and apparently tasted yummerz.  The spring rolls were average.  And I heard the rice dishes were good.The best part about this place is that it used to be a separate pho restaurant but then it knocked down the wall and joined forces with a seafood chinese restaurant next door so you get twice as many choices.  I guess with the variety, they can't really specialize in anything and therefore, it's a hit or miss with the dishes.  I would've hoped for better synergy.It's in a long Asian strip mall so you have many other choices.  I guess if you want quick Asian food and are in a big group of people with various cravings, this place isn't too shabby.
3	Easy to find on Spring Mtn Rd lots of parking and lots of other options within the same strip mall.  The food is not bad here, wouldn't say spectacular, but if you're looking for a nice bowl of pho or some spring rolls you'll be pleased.  Prices are very reasonable.They have two menus, one vietnamese and one chinese, so its kind of like two restaurants in one.  Service is decent.  You order your stuff, they bring it to you, and then they leave you alone.  They're definitely not there to be your friend.One thing to keep in mind, the aircon is cold, the bowls of pho are large and wide meaning that you need to eat  fast or else your stuff is going to be cold in no time.The value and convenience keeps me coming back time and time again.  Don't forget to load up on supplies at ranch 99 afterwards.
2	Pho w/beef, brisket, tendon and tripe. Broth was ok, beef was good and the trip was good too. I was a little unhappy with the tendon....it was a little fattier than what Im used to. Shrimp spring rolls were very good and super fresh. Place was pretty dirty. There was about an inch think of dust on the window and shelves next to our table. Decent prices and average service.
1	Ugh, I can't even begin to describe how disgusted I feel about having been tricked into eating at this restaurant. I have a strict policy to avoid any restaurant that touts serving a combination of cuisines (e.g., Italian and Mexican, Vietnamese and Chinese) since it's obvious that specializing in one is challenging enough. But it wasn't blatantly apparent from the outside that Pho Vietnam (Vietnamese) and Capital Seafood (Chinese) were one and the same entity.Craving pho, my boyfriend led us to the door in front of the Pho Vietnam signage even though it clearly read, "Please use other door." (We were suffering from denial at that point in time.) After confirming that the Pho Vietnam doors didn't open, we resorted to opening the Capital Seafood doors. I was beginning to fear what was to come. My fight-or-flight instincts started kicking in after I saw "Vietnamese restaurant" written in Chinese on the front of Pho Vietnam's menu. By the time our waitress carelessly tossed the Capital Seafood menu in front of us, I was ready to bolt for the door.Resigned to eating here, my boyfriend ordered the pork & shrimp spring rolls and a bowl of pho (total = $12). The spring rolls were fresh and seemed okay, but the lukewarm pho just wasn't right. It was missing cilantro and lacked the level of green onion I would expect, the beef was tougher than I was used to, and the broth seemed like it originated from a chicken rather than a cow. Blech. The verdict: This amalgamation of two restaurants validates my phobia of establishments that serve two or more cuisines. But at least it wasn't an expensive lesson. I just never want to end up in one of these places ever again.
3	hey hey now...i take offense to people sayin chinese people cant cook viet food! there's tons of chinese-viets who r perfectly good cooks! }:( that bein said, it was kinda weird this place was viet on one side and chinese on the other...kinda like that costume where u turn one way and it's the bride and u turn the other way and it's the groom! hahah....*anyways*! egg rolls and pho str8 up decent. i like how they serve egg rolls with lettuce and stuff. i would say *that* is pretty viet authentic! fish sauce for dipping not bad either. i think the pho noodlses were a lil soggy. pretty much the same quality as pho kim long i think.
3	I've been to Vegas a dozen times, but I never went off-strip to find Asian food til this last time.  I found the "Chinatown" on Spring Mountain Rd.  So many choices, all in one area!  I kind of randomly picked Pho Vietnam and tried it out.  It's a little out-of-the-way, being on the 2nd floor, but it's next to Ranch 99 so you can't get lost.  From the outside, I thought it was a small place since it was so quiet, but it's actually quite big.  Then I realized that it's only half Vietnamese food.  The other half was Chinese.  Then I noticed the staff yapping in the middle of the restaurant in Cantonese.  That was a bit distracting - it felt like eating at relatives' houses haha.My pho turned out alright.  It came fast - like within 2 minutes.  The food was pretty good.  Can't say it was the best pho, but it was fine and really hit the spot.  Next time, I'll probably try the other Vietnamese places in the area.  Wouldn't be disappointed going back there though.
5	I got their Vegan tofu and noodles dish (served with no broth, because the broth is beef stock) and for under 7 dollars, I had an amazing, wonderful, and authentic Vietnamese dinner!I recommend this place, and that dish, for anyone who is looking for a healthy dinner.
2	Attached to the Capital Seafood restaurant. This place is a pass. $6.35 for pho, $7.29 for a large bowl. The noodle wasn't good, the broth was ok, and the place was uninspired. Go to another pho place.
2	THIS PLACE IS PROBABLY THE WORST PHO PLACE THAT I HAVE EVER BEEN TOO SO FAR....either that or I just got a bad bowl. The prices were average...and sounds about vegas price. I ordered the beef combo (the largest bowl on the menu), the service was fast and the workers were all very kind, so far so good. When the food arrived, it looked amazing. Had my extra side of white onions + lime + chili garlic...I was ready to go to town. A thing that I realized was that the soup was pretty dark....pretty dark brown...never have I had a pho broth that was so dark...but it was fine. The noodles were fine, but the MEAT...was horrible! Im pretty sure that I chewed on the rare beef for about 5 minutes for me to swallow, and the tripe was super chewy as well too. Pretty soon, my jaw got annoyed and tired and just disregarded the meat all together. The broth was good though!This venue is probably one of my favorite nightclubs, and the nightclub that I go to most. WHY? Cuz I love house/trance music. Area is very big and very well ventilated as well. The SKYBOX is awesome, as well as the tv screen and light visuals.  If you love electro music, this is def. one of the spots to hit up. Saw Paul Oakenfold, Armin Van Buuren, ATB, Markus Schulz, and some other DJs here as well.UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
4	In the past, breakfasts in Vegas for me meant huge buffets or overpriced Starbucks meals... or it was an especially rough night, overpriced room service. However, this last visit to Vegas opened a whole new world for me. This was the trip where I realized that pho, my favorite morning after meal, was available to me even in Las Vegas! Pho Vietnam is located in a huge, sprawling Asian plaza with a 99 Ranch and Volcano Tea. It's a combo pho place and Chinese food restaurant, which would normally make me wary, but my friend the pho expert vouched for its delicious broth. I ended up going with the bbq pork and egg roll bun, my favorite selection when I'm not feeling like soup. It was a huge serving for about $7, with deliciously crispy egg rolls and lots of veggies, including pickled carrots and radishes, which I'm not typically used to on this dish. I did think the pork was a little bit dry but still very flavorful. The place is really simple and straightforward, like most good Asian places tend to be. The tables were filled with fellow hungover partiers who know that pho heals all bad decisions. Definitely a new go-to during my trips to Vegas!
2	So after a night of partying and drinking, we decided to have some breakfast at this pho restaurant. I've never been here and my friends picked this place as they usually come here when they're in Vegas.There are two areas to this restaurant, the nice side and the not so nice side. I'm assuming the nice side was for the dinner crowd and the other was for breakfast and lunch. The side we got seated in was, in my opinion, dirty. The floors looked like he hasn't been mopped in weeks and the tables looked like they have been there since they first opened.Service here is quick and they speak a multitude of languages. We all ordered the pho and the wait for it wasn't too long; less than 10 minutes.They brought out two different vegetable dishes for us; one with the thai basil, lime, and sliced jalapeno peppers while the other one had the cooked bean sprouts (they lost it's crunchyness from being cooked... i was wondering why they didn't just bring out the raw ones like all other places and cooked being requests).The broth was pipping hot and clear. It had a hint of flavor but not too much, it was more on the bland side. After a lot of hoison sauce and plenty of hot sauce, it was fine... it was passable.The iced coffee here is not good. It's like they used Folgers coffee. It was bad.
2	I hope, I hope I hope I don't get food poisoning after eating here.  I ordered what I thought was rare beef and well done beef pho, and got rare beef and raw uh, something?  I wasn't quite sure what it was other than it was completely raw, like it had come directly from the fridge to the bowl.  I let it simmer in the hot soup hoping that it would cook in the broth but even after twenty minutes, nothing had changed.  I picked around it, ate the rare beef and prayed to God that the soup was at least hot enough to kill all the bacteria.To counter this hot mess, I ordered a rice dish and got something I wasn't expecting.  It was white rice with cooked strips of pork over the top instead of mixed in.  It wasn't great, really nothing here was.  Not even my beloved iced coffee tasted right.  Another not so great thing that seems new here is a twenty-five dollar minimum to use a credit or debit card.  I guess that's not too hard to do with two people, and the place doesn't have to even take them if they don't want to but, for a pho place that seems kind of high.  The service was actually decent, but not enough for a return visit.  It's too bad I really liked this place.
3	if you don't feel like eating the pho at treasure island and you are in need of a massive hangover cure, i would definitely venture out here to have some authentic pho.the pho at pho vietnam wasn't the best i ever had and the cha gio (eggrolls) were oddly pale even though they were fried.  the iced coffee came already prepared rather than from a slow drip.  this is a good place to come if you have a large party and you don't want a wait.  it's also in the same plaza as ranch 99.
4	Anytime you crave it... It's close to the strip and never packed...
3	I was always here whenever I needed a pho fix and let me tell you.. I've experienced better. I was always here a lot when I was pregnant because it was the only thing that I craved for during the last two months of my pregnancy. The pho's pretty cheap. Around $7 a bowl AND they were pretty huge servings. That's probably the only good part about this restaurant. Other than that, the service was pretty slow on refills. It took them awhile to fill up my empty glass of water. Awhile as in.. A LONG WHILE. I had to ask the waitress THREE times for a refill. Their pho is mediocre. Nothing really amazing about it. Despite all of that, I'd still go and order.. I'll just probably bring my own bottle of water.
3	CHEAP MEALS CLOSE TO VEGAS can be found in the vegas "chinatown" where the asian food resides!!I was skeptical that this restaurant would be mediocre because it was a vietnamese & chinese fusion restaurant BUT i ordered my ~$3 banh mi regardless... lots of bread! it was just okay ... the EGGROLLS on the other hand were surprisingly delicious!! ANOTHER vegas budget meal for those gamblers who've lost too much money at the tables!... but beware, you get what you pay for
4	We have been to this restaurant a few times every time we visit Las Vegas. Their Pho is great I love their Seafood Pho it is delicious. The price range is reasonable. My kids love their Pho Meat balls & spring rolls.
1	Expensive and nasty!They've raised the price $2-3 dollars/ item in less than a year! I'm so pissed at this place. My hubby and his friends usually come to this spot everytime we are in vegas. but this time really irked me. I came here with my family and my hubby on our trip to vegas. my family ordered pho ga, pho combo, and my the beef steak pho. I ordred the beef stew over rice. My beef stew? What beef? i got cubes of beef that were the size of a dice! no joke. and only mayb 6 itsy bitsy pieces of it! are you kidding me? $10 for 6 pieces of dice sized beef, and the beef stock it came in? i would of rather just paid for a bowl of combo pho!! and when asked about it, the reply i got was "it use to be less than that" are you kidding me??? you inflated the price over the last 8 months and i'm getting less for the value? and I havent even BEGAN speaking about the taste of my order! it was bland! blame and simple! it was so tasteless my 3 year old would of did a better job making it. the one good thing i could say about it was.... NOTHING! my experience was a disaster, the food was nasty, and the price was expensive for what it was. i could of paid the same price and went to another Pho house and actually been satisfied!
1	Went here when we were in town on a recommendation from a friend and boy was that a mistake. The service was slow and this was before noon, didn't have the beef and asparagus (said that they were out of asparagus), and had to request for water four times before we actually received it. The food was mediocre, ordered pho and a sandwich. The broth was warm and not hot.
1	04/04/2012I just had to write a review after eating here last weekend.I ordered "com tam bi cha thit nuong"OMGthe "cha" tasted like it has been frozen for 2 months and reheated in the microwave before serving it to usthe "bi" did not have any tastethe "thit nuong" was not palatable
5	We order House Chow Neon H.K Style and Pho. The serves was outstanding and impressed me very much so. The waitress interact with my 2 year old and my 5 year old. We were going to take out but they convicted my husband it better if we ate in the restaurant and they were so right As for the food it was delicious but everyone has they're opinion bit as myself and family hand down good. We well be coming back base on good serves and good food
3	Not as packed as the 24 hour pho that everyone knows about down the street, but still sufficient enough to get you on your way to sobering up!Service can be worked on, but other then that, the food is okay. I ordered the Chicken Pho and it was quick & delightful. Soft chicken, good flavored broth, can't complain about it.
2	Meh... nothing too special. Flavorless food with slow service...
1	OMG. this place is awful. i'm sorry..straight to the point:- hot as hell inside. it's VEGAS turn up your AC. no one wants to eat pho in the heat. it was 104 degrees outside!!- slowest service ever. took forever to take our order took forever to bring out the food. - the noodles were still hard. YUCK- the only good thing about this place was the the beef was actually good.won't ever come back here again!
5	Wow, I don't know why this place is rated so poorly.  My friends and I had a great experience here.  The service was friendly and they refilled our waters without needing to be asked.  The food was also very good!  Or at least, mine was =dI got the satay beef noodle, a special that day, and it was SO.GOOD.  It was definitely the best satay noodles I've had to date.  It seems all the other places I've gone, they've been too liquidy.  It's so hard to get a good satay with a nice thick consistency and a strong peanut flavor but this place definitely delivers =d  It also had a nice amount of heat to it.  Mmmmm I hope it makes an appearance on their permanent menu =dWill definitely come back to try something else!  Maybe even something from their Chinese menu? :O!Also, it's a minimum charge of $25 for a card.  Or was it $20?  I think it was $25.
3	It's connected to the Capital Seafood sitting in the 99 Ranch plaza.Had the special of the day, satay noodles (soup w/ noodles) with shrimp.It was just aite.. but we were craving Asian in Vegas so.. meh I probably wouldn't come back though.  Everything was laden with MSG.  It definitely had flavor.The lady was bussing a neighboring table, and water splashed all over my feet. She got me some napkins.They brought out the wrong order, beef instead of shrimp so had to flag down the waitress to bring me the right order.  Earlier I was trying to flag down the owner because none of the servers were around and he just waved back at me, as if my uncle was waving to me.  No uncle, I'm not waving hello, I'm asking for service please.It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great, and you gotta be down with down-to-earth Viet food.
2	First I had to figure out how to get upstairs to this place.  When I walked in I was immediately confronted with a one of those room dividers, except is is installed so close to the door that I can't imagine some fire code isn't being violated.  I didn't find the servers to be particularly friendly. I was getting take out and no one advised me about where to go to place my order, where to wait for it, etc.  After waiting a while I finally sat down at a big empty table. I was soon joined by a couple of of the staff eating during their break. I couldn't tell if they were annoyed by my sitting there, but I stayed seated until my order arrived.The pho was fine but a bit pricey. I liked that they separated the noodles, basil and bean sprouts so they could be added to the broth separately.  The flavor was all right. I'm not itching to come back here when there is a better pho place down the street, though.
4	Simply put: one of the best bowls of pho you'll get in Vegas.
2	It's amazing how well developed Las Vegas' Asia town is, yet the pho is mediocre.  This place isn't the easiest to find along Spring Mtn Road, but just know its in the 99 Ranch plaza upstairs. And oddly enough, this place has a Chinese cuisine menu and a Vietnamese food one.  It's almost like they do it all.  In my opinion, this is just too much.  And when the food came, it was ok.  The soup is nothing spectacular for a #1 special and the meat is whatever.  If you want to go for pho and Pho Kim Long is a 45 min wait (ridiculous), this would just be less bang for your buck alternative but enough to get you outta the area sooner.
4	I see mixed reviews but I come her for Pho and love it. Compared to food on the strip this is very cheap and compared to Chicago where I'm from the prices are pretty standard. I love the Pho here but it's LA and Chicago that have the best beef broth. Adding fish sauce that they have on the table as a condiment really helps make the broth tastier. The bean sprouts and basil are always fresh and the beef served in the broth with tendon and tripe is my favorite and very tender and juicy. I also like the spring rolls they serve. Very fresh and good amount of pork and shrimp so they are not skimpy with that and is not overloaded with noodles like in some restaurants. I would highly recommend this place for Pho.
4	chinese... vietnamese.. durty knees.. look at DEEZZ   hjahahah    jk... good food.. no wait.. yes please!!
1	DO NOT EAT AT PHO VIETNAM!!! 1 hour to bring me a bowl of noodles and soup! Everyone else on my table was done eating by the time I got mine.
1	Stopped by at lunchtime on a Sunday for pho & spring rolls.  The broth was flavorless and the spring rolls were dry.  Waitress who took order & brought out food was polite and helpful, but the man who brought out the bill was just plain rude.  Picked up credit card, brought it back for signature, and picked up signed receipt, all without eye contact or a word of thanks, despite being thanked each time he came by the table.
1	The only reason I'm giving one star is because the potstickers were amazing. But that is the only good thing about this restaurant. The service we horrible. The waiters throw things on the table and don't  check back and the check was never brought. The cashier was highly disrespectful and rude. Do not eat here. There are other Vietnamese restaurants in town. Find a more friendly location.
1	This place doesn't even deserve a star. I have never in my whole life been humiliated like this before. This is my experience and I do hope this review stops people from going to this place. It is cruel to even say this but it is what I think this place deserves.my family and my gf were in Vegas for two days to see what the famous Vegas has in store for us. It was our last day and we were hungry. Came to China town and chose this place to eat because we were too tire, hungry and was in a hurry to find food so we can drive back home before it's too late. Got in, and got served one pot of hot tea. Asked them for a cup of water and we never got it. The price was really really pricey. One plate of stir fry veggies w/chicken was $13 dollars. If you ever gone to cheesecake actory then you'll know how expensive their food is. We stuck w/ with pho since the price was ridiculously pricey. The food wasn't even all that compare to pho in fresno. My pho broth wasn't even hot. Just warm.  Quantity was small (my uncle was actually hoping he wouldnt get hungry in the middle of his 6hrs drive back home, which I think he did because I saw food being microwaved when we were unpacking)When we were done eating me and my gf went to pay. We did half and half on our cards not that we didn't have money but because we like to help each other out. We did not tip them from our cards because we thought our family would tip since they left the table while we were paying. We went to the restroom and when we came out, the "owner" stopped us right before the door and said his waiters & waitresses said there was no tip. He said it so loud I can feel my face burning from embarassment and we could tell other customers were looking at us. He wouldnt let us leave without tipping. We didn't have cash either and my family was already out of the restaurant. So we told him if we can tip them from our credit/debit receipt. He gave us our receipts and by now my gf was furious (thank god she kept control of her temper) tipped him $4. The owner expected me to tip too so he kept saying "she (me) can tip herself on her receipt." Since she was mad and humiliated she told me out loud so that he can hear  I already tipped don't tip. Humiliated, mad, and actually threatened by this man I tipped him $1 just so we can hurry and get out before they shoot us or something. We walked out and was like "wtf was that?"  Not once did they check on us after we got our food btw. My family was thirsty because while we were stuck in that restaurant they were downstairs buying something to drink.The thing with me and my gf is we started working in restaurants so we know how or what kind of crazy customers they get. We're the type of people who still tip even with rude waiters/waitresses and we had always respect everyone around us no matter what but this kind of behavior from a restaurant is ridiculously out of this world rude. We were all dressed decent, respectful the whole time but we were treated like we couldn't afford food even after we paid $70 for our foods. Actually he made us look like we were diner dashing on him. I would never ever come back here because of the way we were treated. Ive always support people on their businesses but to support this business is to say it is okay to act the way they did when its not okay. I encourage others to stay away also unless you have money to blow on food that will still leave you hungry and on tips.  And unless you want to get treated the way we did. For those of you who wants to try it out, good luck and don't forget to tip or else they will fry you.
3	RIchard Pro here with another review.Pretty average pho restaurant. Your servers speak mandarin. I got the supreme large bowl of pho but it really wasn't that big. However, extra noodles only cost $1 and they give you a ton if you order extra.Nothing exceptional or memorable. If it was a dedicated vietnamese/pho restaurant I'd probably rate it higher. Instead, this place is like a cantonese place combined with a vietnamese place so you have the decor and service of a chinese restaurant. Decent food but not necessarily presented authentically or professionally.3 stars.
3	Ok.  This has been our go to spot when we're in sin city.  Nothing that will blow your mind but it's good food at good prices.  Right in the heart of Chinatown.  Service is good and there's a chinese restaurant on the other side which makes it an unusual setup.  Two restaurants in one. The table next to us actually ordered food from both menus. Best of both worlds....chinese and vietnamese food in one spot. I only wish they had more than one egg noodle soup on the menu, but it was pretty good.
5	This place is awesome! The pho was so fresh and I also ordered a sandwich, and I must say that it was soo good! some of the best bread I've ever had. Will make this a regular for viet food!
1	A friend recommend this place.  Got there and was caving some banh coun.  Waiter point to a table for me to sit. It was dirty.  He cleaned it with a frown. I don't think he likes his job. Ordered and they brought out the banh coun in 8 mins.  As soon as I bite into it I realized it with premade and then heat up in the microwave oven. It worth the worst I've ever had. Mushy, cold, and falls apart when you try to grab it with a chopstick.  I told the waiter it was no good, asked for the check, paid and then left. I had only took one bite.  There was no apologies.
5	Favorite Pho joint in town!
3	I came here with my friend for dinner late at night. The service was meh. A lot of screaming and the bust girl was pretty much throwing dishes into her bin (very noisy). I ordered a veggie noodle bowl, which was actually quite good. My friend, however, couldn't even finish his dish because it was too salty. When he complained about it, the waitress told us they wouldn't charge for the meal since the cooks already went home and they couldn't bring him anything else. I don't know if the service was slacking because it was nearing the end of the day, but overall I give the restaurant 3 stars.
1	My husband and I walked into this restaurant for lunch and we were not seated in the main restaurant, but in an empty dining room by ourselves. We hoped it was just because the main room was busy, but we felt segregated from everything else. My husband and I are not Asian, was this a factor? Several other parties of 2 that came after us were seated promptly in the main dining hall. We ordered food, but after waiting 25 minutes for our pho we gave up. We asked the waitress why it was taking so long and why were we sitting in a dining room by ourselves? She did not apologize and had an excuse for every question. Clearly they didn't care about our business and saw no problem with the way they had treated us. We promptly left and went to a different pho place down the street. I would give this place zero stars if I could.
1	The service like most viet/Chinese restaurants here in Vegas is bad. They forgot our order and then made us wait and then never got it. The food was inconsistent. One fry rice was good and the was bad. Their food isn't bad but it's pretty average at best. The ambiance is ugly.
5	First time in Chinatown, walked around to find a restaurant to eat and options was chinese, korean all you can eat or this. We decided to try this joint. It was connected to another chinese restaurant on the side. Ordered the combo rice plate and the vegetable roll, very enjoyable and they were quite busy, the server was attentive a d listened to my requests promptly. Food was excellent and not too much msg I will definitely be back next time for this.
3	We just landed at the airport and wanted a quick bite to eat before checking in the hotel and comfort food sounded good!  The pork cake and meat platter dish were good and chicken pho, seafood egg noodle soup and egg roll and grilled pork bun hit the spot but we were hungry a few hours later.  I am sure there must be other places which rate higher but for us it was ok.  It is now part of the Capital Restaurant
2	The holidays are upon us which means I run screaming away from my family. No joke. I ended up a Pho Vietnam on Thanksgiving afternoon when a few friends didn't have plans until later and I got skip out on the family.Since it was Thanksgiving, we decided to head to China Town and we all decided on Pho. Entering the complex, we spotted Pho Vietnam and headed up the staircase.The restaurant is large and has multiple large tables. This was definitely a place you came to with the whole family. The restaurant was busy, spaced a little tightly, and was nothing pretty or noteworthy.We were sat right away, water and tea arrived shortly after, Vietnamese Iced Coffee, Pho, & Spring Rolls were ordered. I was bummed the Iced Coffee isn't steeped at the table. I love watching and smelling it brew, then swirling in the lightly sweetened condensed milk. Also, how long was the premade iced coffee been sitting. Answers I never got; nonetheless, the iced coffee was delightful.Our Pho came out, it was a decent portions, and a decent price. For me, a great pho has an amazing broth. A simple, yet complex flavor profile. I don't like to add anything other than veggies and spice to my Pho. I had no choice but to try and spruce this up. The broth was less bland than the time I tried instant Ramen. Meh. Our waitress disappeared and our spring rolls were MIA. I made eye contact with another staff member at another table, she rushed over, grabbed our spring rolls. The Spring Rolls were deep fried and that's all I can tell you about that. They were fried, you couldn't taste the vegetables inside, which were just mushy and off color. Not even fish sauce could save it. It was, for a lack of a better term, gross.I won't return to Pho Vietnam: poor service (which doesn't deter me from the dankest of the dank), lackluster flavor profiles, and a menu with nothing that you wouldn't find at any other hole in the wall Vietnamese joint.
1	Dont come here. Broth is plain.nothing special. Very poor service.. we forgot to tip and on our way out the door..the boss and waitress started  yelling at us and giving us dirty looks for not tipping! Very RUDE!!!!
