2	In the interest of full disclosure I got a message from the owner of Hometown Classic American Eats via Yelp asking me to give them a try. My first attempt to do so was on Monday but they were closed. So I went back yesterday and decided to try them for lunch. Parking despite being at the corner of Lake Mead and Water St. is not bad if the laundry and c-store next door are not busy. Once you step inside you'll find a place that's decorated in a mix of country kitsch and 50's diner styles. There was a TV on the West wall playing classic movies to watch while you waited to give your order. The service here comes with a smile and is very helpful. But right off the bat I found a misprint on their menuboard. They don't have roasted chicken sandwiches. But they did have turkey sandwiches and you get a choice of bread: white, wheat, rye, or sourdough. I chose sourdough and added fries and ice tea. I had a seat on the hard, eat it and beat it style seating and waited. Once my food arrived I snapped a picture of it with the Yelp app and then gave it a try. The sandwich was ho-hum. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. The fries stole the show, and if it wasn't for them I would have left hungry. The tea was kind of flat but after ordering it and seeing the Lipton label I lowered my expectations on it. Maybe my taste was off but it didn't taste good and sugar didn't make it better. I ended up leaving slightly hungry so I went up the street to Chef Flemmings bake shop to kind of balance out my experience. A 5 Star European bakery makes any day better and while there I told them what happened. The staff there said they had good luck with the hot sandwiches, in particular the French Dip and the breakfast plates. I trust their opinions so with that in mind I'm going to have to give Hometown Classic American Eats a second try. But the first impression was not good. At all.
4	Two cheeseburgers with Mac and cheese bowl $8. That is all I have to say!
3	I really enjoyed this place. Even though I can probably make the same type of food in my home, sometimes I just don't want to. This is a solid choice for breakfast. My daughter enjoyed the biscuits and gravy while I enjoyed the egg sandwich. I love the location and I also love the idea that they are a local choice.
3	Let's not kid ourselves, this place looks like a dump from the outside. In fact, I was hesitant to even try a place that is right next door to a laundromat. However, to my surprise, the inside was clean and inviting. The prices are reasonable, and the food is average.I chose the 2 egg breakfast with sausage and hash browns-Mediocre at best!. My wife had the breakfast sandwich -which she really enjoyed. My older daughter had the biscuits and gravy -Bland!. Although I felt that we could have cooked a better breakfast at home, sometimes you just don't want to.I don't know if this place will make it or not. I would guess that nothing is made from scratch inside this restaurant. Because of that, I won't be in a hurry to come back. However, this place does serve a purpose. When the wait is too long at Denny's or IHOP, you can come to this place and leave marginally satisfied.
5	I have eaten here about 10 times. The service is great and the food is great too. The meatloaf sandwich is amazing.
1	We had a HORRIBLE experience at Hometown Classic American Eats!! There was only one server. He was overwhelmed. he told us several times he would be with us before he actually came and took our order, then the drinks took FOREVER to arrive. I heard him apologizing to everyone in the restaurant over and over. Our food took FOREVER he repeatedly told us "they are plating it now" or "we ran out of biscuits we r making them fresh ". This created an expectation of fresh hot food. When the food finally came the biscuits were nowhere near fresh and the gravy was ice cold. Regardless of the claims that they were making fresh biscuits, I expect my food to arrive hot especially when I've waited way longer than it should take. When I told the server it was cold he offered to take it back but at that point I just wanted to eat , The server than pointed out the owner to me, and THAT'S WHEN I GOT PISSED. The owner (who I thought was a customer) was sitting at a table drinking coffee and reading the newspaper. Really??? If I can hear the server apologizing to everyone, I'm sure the owner did too. He should have got up off his ass and been helping with drinks, orders, refills, etc. At the very least he should came over to our table and pretended to give a shit about our bad experience so we will come back. Then I noticed our server had his jacket on and was then gone without telling us. So we then sat there FOREVER (AGAIN )waiting for our check. We should've walked out. Right at about this point a party of 10 or more came in and the owner jumped up to help them. I guess a party of 10 means more to him than a full restaurant consisting of a lot of small parties. Waitng for the check I had my head cocked completely around and made eye contact with a staff member and the owner several times, they never came over to see if I needed something. If I have to get up to get my check why am I tipping u? Also our table could've been turned a couple more times if we didn't spend so much time WAITING. Every step involved a lot of WAITING. To the owner: If u want to drink coffee and read the paper, do that shit at home. If u want a successful restaurant get off your ass and act like your customers matter to u. If you are not happy and willing to the grunt work for your business, you will fail. You could've turned the whole situation around by helping. If u would've helped we would've got out sooner, and left happy and you could turn the table again. Restaurant 101. Also everyone in the restaurant business knows, when there is a problem(or several) the manager or owner needs to visit the table. Also everyone in the restaurant business knows as a server when u leave, u let your customers know. You introduce then to the new server, you don't just leave. Did u even want a tip? You should take your staff to the Peppermill on the strip on a Sunday morning and sit at the counter and watch these people work. We are never coming back.
4	It was a Sunday morning and time for breakfast foods. My dad and I had never been to Classic American Eats but decided to give it a try because Coo Coo's was closed. We were seated promptly and ordered quickly. I ordered pancakes and my dad a ham and cheese omelette. It did take a while to get our food, as others have noted. They were very apologetic, but need to get rid of their lie "they're plating it up for you right now" because they said it to us twice. They weren't plating it at that time, but once the food arrived, it was really quite good.Pancakes had a nice flavor, as did the crispy bacon. My dad enjoyed his omelette, but thought the portion was a little small. I reminded him that what he was served was actually probably the portion size recommended by the USDA, but that's another subject not really apropos for this yelp review. I would like to come back to try the various specials. It may look frightening from the outside, but it is a cute little spot and I enjoyed it.
3	First of all, this is a 3.5 star review.  Can't give it 4 just yet, but it's more than 3.  We had a late lunch here, arriving around 1:30.  The place was empty, save one person waiting on a to go order.  But, as we sat there, 3 more tables came in.  Service was quick and friendly, we had no issues other yelpers mention.  Our drinks were never close to empty, our food came promptly, as did the check.  No issues at all with service.I had the meatloaf sandwich.  This was a sloppy mess.  The meatloaf was solid and had good flavor, and it's a good amount of food for $6.50.  But, it simply couldn't be eaten as a sandwich.  I would eat it again, but I will get the meal on a plate rather than in sandwich form.The wife had the blue plate special, which was beef stroganoff.  This comes with a salad, which was a typical diner type salad.  Just fine.  The meal was large, covering an entire dinner plate.  Served with an excellent roll.  Crispy texture outside, dense and warm center.  Really good roll.  The beef was clearly homemade, as the chunks were not perfectly uniform in size.  She only ate about half, so we will get to try it again at dinner.We will hit this place up for breakfast.  I'm mad at myself we haven't been earlier since it's so close to our house.  Maybe after breakfast I can move the review to 4 stars...
4	Hometown Classic American Eats is well-named.  It's a classic diner in old town Henderson serving up simple and well-prepared egg dishes and American comfort food.I'm sold on this place for breakfast.  When testing a diner, I start simple.  2 eggs over easy, bacon, home fries and toast.  It's deceptively simple and a test for a diner's attention to detail.  Good job on the test Hometown.  The eggs -- perfectly over easy with crisp white edges and a runny center yolk.  The home fries -- seasoned and crisp with sauteed fresh onions and green pepper.  The bacon -- quality salted pork product, cooked into crispy strips.  The toast -- buttered-down bread with crispy edges.  Thumbs up all around.The Breakfast Burrito is simple, but good.  I went with a vegetarian and she ordered it without meat.  Again, they did a nice job.  The kitchen prepared a great balance of egg, cheese, and seasoned potato.  And the green pepper and onion were fresh and crisp.  Green salsa on the side was tangy and tasty, but not too spicy.  Not the greatest breakfast burrito I've ever tasted, but a solid effort and a real improvement on the vegetarian breakfast burrito from the flavorless offerings of Roberto's.The customer service was super friendly and inviting.  Other people have complained about speed of service, but on a Sunday morning, they were quick and turned the food out lickedy split.Based on the quality of our visit, Hometown Classic American Eats has earned a spot in our breakfast rotation.
3	Had breakfast this morning, another solid, but not fantastic meal.  I had the chicken fried steak, which is one of the better versions of this dish I've found in Vegas.  A crispy yet not thick crust, and a steak that you needed a knife to cut, which is not a bad thing.  I'll say, I think the steak could have benefited from some more tenderizing.  But, that dish was a winner and one I'll check out again.  The breakfast potatoes were good, but I ordered them extra crispy and they weren't any different than my wife's.  Next time, I'll let them know I want them crispy, because I really think they could be good with some more color on them.  They are diced potatoes with small peppers and onions, kind of a semi-home fry situation.  I'll say my toast was dry and cool.  They clearly did the toast first, then finished the rest of the meal.  So, not using butter made the toast seem even drier after sitting.My wife had the biscuits and gravy.  This, like my meal, is a LOT of food for the money.  Excellent value here.  But, both of us agreed the gravy was missing a final seasoning that would have made it 4 star.  Good consistency, but lacking a bit in flavor.  Overall, another 3.5 star review, but not quite 4.  We'll be back.Sort of a pet peeve here:  Hometown Classic plays some really good music, sort of classic outlaw country.  Willie Nelson, Cash, etc.  But, today, they kept messing with the music, and not letting a song continue to the end! Normally, this would not be an issue, but it happened several times just when we were getting into a song.  The final time was when David Allan Coe was playing "Long Haired Redneck," one of my favorite DAC songs.  If they just let the music play and quit playing with it, it wouldn't have been noticeable, but changing the song so frequently got pretty annoying.
4	We've passed this restaurant multiple times & finally stopped! We're glad we did.The service was great, prices reasonable & the home fries outstanding! I had an omelet, hubby the breakfast sandwich & we enjoyed it all!
4	Gotta bump this one up to 4 stars.  First of all, they left the music alone, which was an annoyance of mine in my last review.  So, great classic outlaw type country being played, which is right in my wheelhouse.I got the chicken fried steak again.  This time, the meat was more tender.  The potatoes were crispier.  And, the gravy had more pepper in it.  Just a fantastic breakfast, and all for $6.99.  Very glad I found such a good chicken fried steak so close to home.  I'll definitely get it again.
5	Great food reasonable prices. A little piece of americana food diner style. The service is great. The owner is a very nice man and the staff is equally friendly. I recommend the french toast breakfast or the french dip.  The food is very fresh and restaurant is clean. I eat here once a week. It does get a little busy for lunch so if you dont have time to wait a little probablly not the best selection. They also deliver on there less busy days.
1	Since I've moved to Henderson/Las Vegas I've searched for home cooking but dang you can't find it here. ***There was another sentence here discussing other places but the f'ing owner got confused and wrote an idiotic comment, so to not confuse people that he associates with I removed it. *** I was REALLY hoping that since this place just called themselves American and it was a hole in the wall that I would find something great. Now keep in mind, I didn't have the breakfast so maybe that's a whole other story.I went in sunday looking for a little comfort food. When I looked at the menu, I didn't have a great feeling about the selection. Most everything was done as a sandwich. I finally decided on the meatloaf as at least I'd get mashed potatoes on it and also ordered a side of mac and cheese.Mac and Cheese - seriously, just throwing cheese on cheap noodles should NOT count. It just didn't seem like they tried at all. I wasn't looking for gourmet but dang.Meatloaf Sandwich - Yeah, I barely remember it. The food didn't seem like it had a lot of love and everything was just smooshed together. The bread on the sandwich was pretty good, but I don't go out just for a hoggie roll. The place was ok, but a little dingy. Two very fat rednecks, oh wait that's most of Henderson, were telling some other table about coming there ALL THE TIME and LOVING it. Well you can tell they weren't ones to push away from the table so I doubt their taste was that picky. Really I think they were more excited about the list of food they named off, "For only 19 dollars." I doubt I'll go back. I think my search for good home cooking is still on.***Also the owner is apparently a redneck prick like his customers. Telling me I'm being small for calling fat rednecks, fat rednecks is a crap way of doing business. Apparently he can't take the criticism that his dingy restaurant was mediocre. Seeing that I've eaten everything from cheap diner food and loved it to $700 at Nobu, he may want to read through all my reviews before telling me that he isn't corporate and "details matter." You're right. They do matter and yours were terrible. ******Update: Owner went on Facebook and complained about my review saying that he "Called me out." How ridiculous. He also personally messaged me to insult me. Any "decent" restaurant/business owner should be able to take criticism. Oh and I'm not important, i.e. my review wasn't important so for fellow yelpers, this guy doesn't think our opinion matters***
3	Looked like a little hole in the wall sort of place so I decided to check it out.  After the meal I will review and let you know if it's any good.Ok, so now the review.  This place was average.  The food was 'OK' but nothing too special.  I liked the Bacon Cheeseburger and the fries, but the ranch tasted funny, almost like it was old ranch.  The place seemed pretty clean inside which surprised me because I kinda expected it to look dirtier simply because of the location and look outside.  The service could have been better.  I asked what sauce came on the burger and was told it was a special sauce like thousand island or something, so I said no sauce.  Later he asked if I wanted Mayo so I was like "sure", and the burger came with mayo that had relish mixed in it.  I cannot stand relish so I had to wipe all the sauce out of the burger.  Would have been nice to be told, that the mayo was not just plain mayo.
5	I  passed by them a number of times when I was in town -- this trip I was staying next door so I went in for breakfast. Got a great traditional ham/egg breakfast - better than most. Where I was really impressed was that my coffee cup never got more than half way down -- the server (didn't name) - Hispanic fellow was on it.I was there for breakfast three days in a row and it was awesome each time. There is a young gal there, petite, brown hair and she also never let me run out of coffee.It's the little things, service that being a traveler that count the most. I will be back next trip for another hot turkey san -- had that on my way out  ...
5	Great mom n pop shop. Fresh ingredients, fresh food, great prices, good variety and daily specials. Only complaint would be when they run out of homemade French fries they serve frozen store bought crap with no notice... Other than that a real gem.
5	Amazing Fried Chicken and mashed PotatoesThey are amazing. Great food...  the also own the hotel next door and it was a great stay since we played a block away at the Gold Mine Tavern.
4	Great place to bring the family on a budget.  Our family of 4 eats here for under $20 and everybody walks away full.  We even order drinks!  Don't let the location or looks from the outside fool you - the place is always very clean and the service is very friendly.  Don't expect a 5-star dining experience or out-of-this-world amazing food, but if you're looking for consistently GOOD food and you're on a tight budget, I highly recommend Hometown Classic.  The cheeseburger combo (fries & drink) will cost you $5 and is served on a warm, toasted bun with all the fixings.  Kids meals are available for under $4 and include a drink.  We've also tried breakfast here and it was very good for the price as well.  The service is great - fast and friendly.  It's our go-to place when we just want to eat a no-fuss meal.
3	I am way too lazy with writing reviews. Terminal procrastination syndrome, I believe is the official term. BUT...today, whilst searching Yelp for somewhere new for breakfast, I ran across a review that inspired me to get off my lazy ass and start typing. Furiously.Krista H. wrote such a nasty, inaccurate review of this restaurant, that I had to add my own review as well as my Yelp pet peeve rant.  We'll begin with the rant. Here goes:Ok. I love Food Network too. I also happen to know food and cook my butt off. Many of us do. THAT DOES NOT MAKE US "IRON CHEF" OR "CHOPPED" JUDGES!!!! Go into a restaurant as a normal patron and judge your actual experience. Were you greeted warmly/promptly? Did the atmosphere match the restaurant's theme? i.e. Don't expect a diner to be Le Cirque. Was your server (or counter person in a casual establishment) helpful? friendly? quick? And most importantly... How. Was. The. Food??? Up to par? Above average? Mind blowing culinary orgasmic? Or was it Bland? Greasy? Dry? Raw? Re-heated? Outsourced? Stingy portions? etc...  Tell us the facts, and don't try to be Simon Cowell and Gordon Ramsey all rolled into one. No one will think you're clever because you're an asshole. Spell check!!! This isn't a text or a Facebook post. Spell correctly. Grammar doesn't hurt either. Proof read. A well written review makes readers want to check out your other reviews. A poorly written one has the opposite effect. It also undermines your credibility and renders your opinion moot.Krista slammed the establishment, its patrons and the entire city of Henderson. "Two very fat rednecks, oh wait that's most of Henderson, were telling some other table about coming there ALL THE TIME and LOVING it. Well you can tell they weren't ones to push away from the table so I doubt their taste was that picky. Really I think they were more excited about the list of food they named off, "For only 19 dollars." " How is this necessary? What does it have to do with the restaurant? She also called the place dingy. Does she know that equates to dirty and grungy, which this place is most definitely not?  *** "Also the owner is apparently a redneck prick like his customers. Telling me I'm being small for calling fat rednecks, fat rednecks is a crap way of doing business. Apparently he can't take the criticism that his dingy restaurant was mediocre."***Now for my review. First, kudos to the owner for the very respectful, well written reply he gave this asshat. She was not deserving of his courtesy.My husband and I have been there twice, once for breakfast and once for lunch. My apologies as a lazy reviewer...it's been easily 18 months since those visits. The restaurant itself is bright with diner style decorations, spotlessly clean. You order at the counter and they bring it to your table. We ordered from the owner who was very friendly. He was also patient, as my husband got a call while at the counter that his debit card # was being frozen as the bank suspected it had been jacked. He waited while that was settled and told us not to worry. We both had basic bacon and eggs type breakfasts. Now this may have changed, but I didn't care for eating off of paper plates with plastic cutlery and salt and pepper in packets, nor did my husband. It's a diner, not a hotdog stand, and white restaurant plates are in order, as well as basic cutlery and S&P shakers. The breakfasts were ok, not super special. The bacon was on the floppy side which I don't care for. (I have a kid that loves it that way) The eggs and toast were just fine. We went back a second time for lunch. I don't remember what sandwiches we had, but there were no complaints and the fries were very good. There were store bought (Costco?) cakes on the counter, which there was no way we'd buy. I really think those should be made in house, or brought in from a proper bakery. (Chef Flemming's Bakery is walking distance from there, and Little Brown Sugar is one freeway exit up the road) I can't see paying for a piece of cake from a grocery store.Inspired by Krista H's ridiculous review, my daughters and I (3 Henderson rednecks, I believe she'd call us) are headed there today and will update this review promptly.
4	Been here several times since they opened.  I always mean to order something other than breakfast but then I'm always so happy on a late Saturday morning to still be able to get breakfast that I end up with breakfast.  Its very reasonable, usually 4 of us all eat for a little over 30 bucks. So less than 10 bucks a person.  Their hours for the summer are: Closed on Monday, Tuesday and Weds 7 am to 5 pm, Thurs and Friday 7 am to 8 pm, then Sat and Sun 7 am to 3 pm.  I always get the 2 eggs (any style), home potatoes (which have green peppers and onions in them), toast (which they do butter!! At lot of places here in Vegas don't butter their toast anymore.  Who doesn't like butter? Come on) and I add bacon (3 strips) all for 5.99.  My mother-in-law gets the sausage patties (which is always cooked well and she gets 2) for the same price.  They also have 3 egg omelet, french toast, pancakes, biscuits and gravy, chicken fried steak (which my friend loves), egg sandwich and breakfast burritos.  The most expensive of those breakfasts are 6.99.  They also have hamburgers and various hot dog configurations all for 4.99 or less; however, they don't come with fries.  But for another 1.99 you can add fries and a drink.  Fabulous deal you can get burger, fries and a drink for under 5 bucks.  Then they have hot classics, which I have yet to try, although they look delicious.  There is pot roast, pulled pork, french dip, thanksgiving turkey and meatloaf.  All of them are 6.49.  They have two types of specials.  I think they start after 11 for 7.99, ones called a blue plate special, which is a daily homestyle meal (today was country fried chicken, mashed potatoes, cream corn and a roll.  There is also a south of the border special, which today was some sort of burrito looking thing.  And finally there are some kids meals for under 4 bucks, and that includes a drink.  This is a great place for a sit down homey meal.
4	I really love free standing mom and pop style places. This isn't a chain restaurant, it's not in a casino and its on Water St. I love to support local places and the food is really good. I hope this place is around for a while.
2	I really wanted to like this place as I prefer to support local owners when I can, but it was just so-so.  My husband and I had breakfast here about a week ago.  The service was really slow. We were told to seat ourselves, and then it took a long time before anyone came to take our order.  Our server was very nice, he took our drink order, brought those, but then it took another long amount of time before we got to order our meals.  We ordered breakfast plates, I had the biscuits and gravy meal that came with eggs and a meat.  I chose the ham steak.  The food was just your standard breakfast food, it was good but not great.  However, my ham "steak" was just a thin slice of ham. Maybe I'm wrong here, but I was expecting a thick piece of ham.  The prices were okay, at $6.99 it seemed expensive for just an average meal.  My husband said the same thing.  I don't intend to return to this place.
4	Blink and you might miss it.  This clean, wholesome local favorite is a treat.  Service is all family and you can tell they care.Everything was great and a really good value.
5	What a gem. Located on the corner of Water St and Lake Mead Dr. Owners are friendly, food is good, and the establishment is super clean.
3	Service was cool, we got our food pretty fast.  It must be a really popular place because almost every table had people at it.  The food was ok, nothing interesting to talk about.We went here because he said he had a great lunch there.  I don't see me wanting to go back here for breakfast.  We might go back for lunch someday!
5	Very good breakfast.The potatoes are very good.Not the frozen fried tater tots they serve at Egg/I....Yuk....There breakfast omelet was loaded with fresh ingredients.Very friendly service....We will be back to try out there lunch.......O by the way.....the remark from Krista H was totally out of line,regarding Rednecks......There are a lot of wonderful people that live in HENDERSON....Shame on her.....
4	Super friendly staff who make themselves available but are not annoying hoverers.  Tried a couple different items today: chicken fried steak and eggs breakfast and then the Mexican dog.
5	I found this place only because of fellow Yelp fans . We went today around lunch time walked in and we were greeted immediately the restaurant is very clean and smells real good . We decided to have breakfast for lunch a very tough decision since the special was salsbury steak and mashed potatoes and gravy . My wife hade the chicken fried steak and loved it! I had the French toast with eggs and sausage Yummy! And two ice teas. We can't wait to go back a great staff and great place all around.
5	Great food , reasonable prices , really nice service staff. Quickly became our families favorite spot.
5	As a fat redneck, let me start by saying I love Downtown Henderson. This place is small, but has about 7 booths, tables in the middle and seating at the counter which faces the kitchen. The owner is usually doing the cooking and greets every guest from the kitchen as they walk in. The servers are young and nice and rarely let your cup get empty. The restaurant has cute country mixed with Route 66 type decorations throughout and a large tv on the wall that usually has football on.Food is great. I've tried just about everything on the little neon tri-fold menu and must say that my favorite is their homemade chili. It's loaded with veggies and is just spicy enough to make you warm. The french dip is yummy and my husband loves their chicken fried steak. The prices are so cheap, I wonder how they stay in business...then I look around and realize every seat is full :)  On average, out entire meal (3 people) totals about $23 and that includes tip! Don't expect super fancy meals here. The menu has simple items on it that you are perfectly capable of making at home. It's a great small business to support and won't disappoint, especially if you're on a budget, but too lazy to cook, like me.
4	This restaurant has a nice classic American decor; kind of American farmer, Route 66ish decor..very quaint. The food was very good and the service was really good too. Family owned, you can tell that they really care about their customers.  We will definitely be coming back.
5	Glad this diner is close to my folks house and on Yelp. Went twice in three days and both times had great service and good home cooked lunches. My favorite diner in the Vegas valley.
4	Good solid diner. Smaller menu if compared to a typical diner but fits the place. 2 specials a day. 1 is traditional diner food, the other is Mexican. For instance, today was 7.99 for either Salisbury steak or enchilada style carnitas burrito. I had the Mexican dog for 3.99. If you're getting a drink, just make it a combo for 1.99. You'll get the drink and fries. I did not get the combo and was still hungry. So if youre not big on fries, get 2 hotdogs.Menu looks good. Service was attentive and friendly. Busy atmosphere at lunch on a Thursday.  It says pay here at the counter, but if youre eating in, you pay your ticket at the end as you do in a regular diner.I was here once in the beginning when they were new. There were hiccups in service then but they have all been ironed out. Its just a friendly, quick and casual blue collar local diner now. Small and intimate.I'm conservative in my reviews and fair. Its four stars for now but I expect it to rise to 5 as I work my way through the menu over time.BTW, also ordered the carnitas to go for later and it came quickly. They put my drink refill in a to go cup as I waited.
5	Good, friendly service.  Cheeseburger is good and prices are fair.  If you can't get to Texas for CFS, then this gem in Henderson is your second best choice!
1	This is the first restaurant we've been where we ordered the food and leave. The reason was because of their bad service and long wait. We've waited more than 30 minutes after our food order but nothing came. With about 7 tables with people, only 1 table has food in front of them. The waiter was rude. When he sees us being impatient sitting, he just yell far from the cashier that the food will be ready soon.
5	5 stars for: good honest classical American breakfast fare, cleanliness and general ambiance.1/2 star deducted for slightly lukewarm food, and the coffee wasn't totally great. 1/2 star added back for the very friendly service.
4	Very friendly service. It was packed on a Saturday morning, but we didn't need to wait long to be seated. Definitely a good first sign of good food!The service was great! Two of us ordered the cheeseburger combo, which was delicious. My husband ordered the chili cheese dog, and although he is picky about chili said it was pretty good. Overall for the price the food is good and we will definitely be back!  Try the cheeseburger - so good!
5	Yelp directed me here and it was a winner. Small and authentic. Great breakfasts with awesome homemade biscuits. Friendly staff with plenty of coffee refills.  Prices are inexpensive.  We will be back!
4	We found ourselves somewhere between Henderson and Lake Mead on our Chicken Fried Steak mission.Get the chicken fried steak, eat the breakfast burrito specials, and drink their coffee.  You might have some leftovers. You might leave and write a review 4 months later because you remembered that it was a straight up darn good place, especially for its location.
4	Food was good and cheap. Small place and small menu.. We had the bacon burger with fries and the pulled pork. Fries were fresh cut...yum. We would go back.
5	Tasty food! Great price! The best thing to get would be there chicken! Service was very good. Can't say enough about this place!
4	Cheeseburger combo deal so good!! Starving and came upon this cafe the decor was incredible very classic America country next time ill have to try the pies
5	One of the great hidden gems of Henderson.   They serve breakfast all day, so we get breakfast almost every time we go there.  The chicken fried steak is excellent, and it comes with two eggs and breakfast potatoes.  My kids love the French toast and the breakfast burrito.  They also have different specials every day in addition to the regular menu, so there is always something new to try.  Everything on the menu is less than $10, so it's a great place for a family meal without spending a ton of money.
3	Found this place on yelp. Im staying in Vegas due to my wife's employer having a training here. I wanted to get away from the strip and get some real food. With real people. So I did a gps search and off I went. I wasn't too difficult to find. As u walk in the decor is like that of an old country home. The menu is pretty big. With lots of selections. I ordered the biscuits and gravy. It comes with two eggs, two sausage patties and home potatoes. I also ordered coffee. The coffee tastes like it had been ran through a rag that had been used to clean furniture. At first I thought "oh it ain't that bad". I took another sip and said "hell no". So I told the young man that was the server and he promptly got me another cup of coffee. That was better. But marginal. The good arrived pretty quickly. I want disappointed. It was tasty. Most of all. It wasn't too much food. It's was jst the right amount. If say yes if u asked me if this was a good place to eat. It wasn't the best breakfast I ever had. But it's was decent. I'd also have to say. I'd eat there again.
5	This really has to be one of my favorite little diner! The staff is always friendly. The food is home made, and it's fantastic... Get the brisket sandwich!
3	So the family and I decided to try this little restaurant one Saturday on a whim. We were seated promptly by one of the servers and began our wait for beverages. It was not very busy and made us wonder why no one was taking our drink order. When we did get to put in our drink order, we waited a while to receive our drinks, two diet sodas and an iced tea. When the drinks finally arrived, our daughter took a sip of her iced tea and instantly a terrible look came over her face. She stated that it tasted very weird so I took a taste and yep, it tasted awful. We waited to see if the server would come back to take our food order so we could tell him about the tea but we sat in wait so our daughter got up and took her tea to the counter and asked to exchange it for a soda. When we got to order our daughter asked for a cheeseburger with fries, wife ordered a thanksgiving type sandwich with turkey, stuffing, gravy and such and I ordered the chili burger. When I was ordering I asked if it was served open face with a bunch of chili on top or served like a normal burger with a small amount of chili, I was told not to worry its a knife and fork burger! That made me happy because I love open face chili burgers. Well when the food arrived guess what, normal burger with a small amount of chili on top, not open face, so I was instantly bummed. All in all, the burgers are very pedestrian, nothing to go crazy over. The wife's turkey sandwich looked great, Big with lots of turkey and stuffing! Then tragedy hit, her second bite in she found a big ole piece of hair in her sandwich and that instantly ruined her appetite. I will give our server credit, he felt horrible when we told him about the hair and offered to make her another sandwich and took her entire meal off of the ticket.I don't know if they were having an off day or what but we always give locally owned places a second chance and plan on going back for breakfast in the near future and will adjust the review accordingly.
3	Well after seeing that episode of Pawn Stars where "the old Man" sends Chum Lee to get him a Chili Burger from Henderson, I had to give it a try.I walked in and right away they are trying to present a 50s style country diner feel to it, but you can tell the signs are reproductions and didn't quite set the mood for me, good try though.It was just after lunch time and there was the young guy behind the counter and a few patrons dining at a few tables. The counter seating needed to be bussed up, since there were used cups and dirty dishes laying around. No one seemed to be in a hurry to clean the dirty dishes. The music was upbeat and playing some oldies from the 50s and 60s puts you in a good mood, nice to hear music that fits the decor.I ordered a chili cheeseburger (ala the old Man from Pawn Stars), fries and a drink to go. I didn't like the sight of the french fry cutter on the wall in the back room, because it meant that they were using fresh potatoes like they do at Inn and Out (which I don't care for). As I was driving home, I took a bite of one of the fries and sure enough they are soggy and limp, they were in the styrofoam container for only a few minutes so they can get that way from condensation, but in this case they were soggy from the beginning. I got home and ate the burger and it was just OK, nothing to get excited about. You can tell the burger patty was homemade and not factory preformed, and the chili is also homemade with hand cut tomatos and such as was the soggy french fries.  Even though they do things by hand, the flavors are just average.So overall this place presents a good vibe, but could use a little help in the food preparation department, not that it wasn't good, but it wasn't nearly anything to get excited about. I'll drop in again to give it another go, but not really expecting very much more that what I just experienced.
4	Very good food both times I've been there. Their lunch special for 6.99 is good, the burrito is very popular. I enjoyed the meatloaf, but not loving the gravy, had to add catsup but thats my preference for meatloaf. Nice folks working there. I'll be back, especially since a friend works nearby. Not a classy neighborhood on the corner of Lake Mead Parkway & Water Street, but nice & "kitschy" old diner feel on the inside. Clean, good peeps, good food, good prices; don't let the location deter you from trying this lil gem out.
5	I really liked this place. It is small friendly and the food is really good. My coffee cup was never empty and the staff was super nice. Good size portions. I had the biscuit and gravy combo for breakfast. It was really good. I will be back for lunch sometime. I'm glad I found this place. :)
3	I've been to this place a couple of times. They have really good prices and both times that I've been there, they weren't very busy, so I had good service. I've had the cheeseburger meal and an egg sandwich from this place. I liked them both. My only complaint is that there wasn't a diaper changing station in the bathroom. I like this place though. It's clean and the people running it are very nice.OH! I forgot. They deliver! But only if your order is $15 bucks or more. And fifteen bucks will probably feed a whole family. Like I said, good prices.
5	This is an amazing place outside of Vegas.  Awesome food. I especially enjoyed the Thanksgiving turkey.    It was so succulent the meat melted in my mouth.Worth going off The Strip.  Will definitely return.
4	Periodically I go in search of a good local diner for just a good meal. This place is the perfect small town cafe. It's not fancy, the chairs don't match it's just a simple cafe and I love it! The food is great, service is quick and friendly and the price is good! I will be bringing my friends and family here from out of town after a night of too much fun.
5	There are so many things on the menu I've been wanting to try, but my tummy keeps ordering the same thing! Can't go wrong with their pancake breakfast with egg, chicken fried steak, coffee and chicken noodle soup - In that order ;-). I'm here AT LEAST once a week... It's so affordable for food this delicious - #HappyGirl!
2	Breakfast review now....well it's not really very good. The "ham steak" is very thin and about the thickness of bologna, so they should not describe it as a ham steak. I don't know why but I am burping egg over and over, yeeech! The chicken fried steak is tough and the batter does not adhere well to the meat, the country gravy is very bland and watery. Home fried potatos are not very good either, just chopped up potato morsels. The place is popular so just keep going there if you like it, for us it's our last time.
3	The first time I ate in there, I had the Chicken Fried Steak breakfast and it was great.  I hadn't had a good CFS since moving here from Texas.  And it didn't disappoint.  I went back a couple of weeks later and got the same thing and it was tough as a boot.  I could barely eat it.  The service isn't great.  And the first time I went in there, a guy was fired and there was fighting among the staff.  I'm willing to give it one more try based on my first meal there.  However, if I get another bad meal or the service is the same, I probably won't return.
4	From the outside, it would be easy to dismiss this place.    If you did that, you would be missing a treat.  The food in this diner is very good and very inexpensive.  The wait staff are friendly and helpful. In addition, this restaurant is pleasantly  decorated in an Americana motif. So I recommend you give it a try;  I think you will enjoy it if you like good inexpensive diner food.
5	I go here all the time. Rex and his crew do a spectacular job. The crew is ver friendly and make you feel like part of the family. Try their pancakes or French toast. It's just like mom makes on Sunday morning :)
5	LOVE this place. Staff if always very pleasant. Every time I go it's a positive experience. The breakfast was great. It tastes like mom's home cooking. The burgers a great. It was $4 and some change for a cheese burger and fries. CHEAP for good a quality meal. I look forward to trying new things on the menu.
5	Nothing fancy here, just some good hometown cooking. Excellent selection of meal options and friendly service. Very clean. If you're looking for a simple breakfast or lunch, this is the place.
5	Super nice family that owns this restaurant and boy can they cook their buns off!  Perfect place to eat on weekends for a great breakfast at a great price or stop in for lunch for one of their killer bbq sandwiches with yummy french fries!
4	The menu is all the basics which works in my favor, less time for choosing and more time eating!If you're in the mood for a classic meal and in the Henderson area this is a good place to try! Decent food and very affordable pricing.The service was speedy and welcoming, Maybe it was just me but they genuinely seemed happy that we stopped by :)
3	First time here ordered the BBQ bacon cheese burger , pretty good. The fries are bland but  the burger was pretty tasty and not greasy. Their prices are pretty affordable here and the place is nice and clean. Will probably try it again for breakfast.
3	Food and prices are great.  Getting them when they are open or have time to take your order, not so great.  Might just be a coincidence but almost every time I try to order or stop by they are closed.  They are always closed on Mondays.  I got that down now.  But they are closed other random days too.  I have been a few times and there is a sign on the door that they are closed.  I call first now but half the time they don't answer.  You never know if they are closed or just busy.  I called this weekend to order a breakfast burrito to pick up.  I was on hold almost the whole drive there.  So long, I thought he forgot about me.  When he finally got back on he told me they had a rush and he couldn't take my order, to call back later.  Really?  I want one breakfast burrito.  You could have taken that before I was put on hold and the burrito would have been ready by now.  How long would it take to write down the order, my name and number?  30 secs?  I'm sure I will try again at some point.  But I am in no rush.  They don't deliver anymore even though their website and menu says they do.
5	Great American Food coupled with great service. I feel better going here then some chain restaurant for breakfast.
3	To start, one of the waiters pissed me off. We were waiting for a booth, and the friendlier waiter with the glasses said sure, no problem. Once a booth freed up about 5 minutes later, we were just waiting for it to get wiped down, the other waiter came up to us and said, "Were you waiting for a booth? Ohhh, we like to save booths for parties of 3 or more. We can make room for you at the bar?" I said no, we've been standing here (mind you there is no real waiting area, so we were awkwardly standing in front of the women's room 2 feet from a table of people), waiting for a booth, so we want a booth. He made a face, then said ok. Asked us what we'd like to drink, we ordered waters, then he walked away. Keep in mind, the booth we were waiting for had 2 people sitting in it, the one in the opposite corner also had 2 women, and when they left, an elderly couple replaced them... WTF???!!!When we sat down, the rude waiter brought us our water, and after sitting there less than 30 seconds he asked us for our order. I told him we had no idea, we've never been here before. Then I asked him if the other waiter with the glasses could help us (Because I was still pissed). He was by far friendlier, asked us if something happened with the other waiter, after I explained, he apologized and took our order. While waiting for our food, the "rude' waiter came by to tell us our food would be right out and refilled our waters. He then apologized for earlier, which I appreciated. He also mentioned he was just doing what his manager wanted him to do.Note to Management: I think this is an opportunity to coach your staff and be clear about seating preferences. When a customer walks into your establishment, one of the first things they see is a black sign stating "PLEASE SEAT YOURSELF", if you are telling your staff to try and reserve booths or larger tables for parties, it's contradictory. You can't have people seating themselves and have staff concerned about what tables are being taken without running into issues like the one I had today with my Husband. Please rethink your seating policy and speak to your employees. Now what you're probably wondering about: the food. My husband liked his chicken fried steak, but didn't care for the mac and cheese. (Which came our after we were almost done with our meal), It lacked flavor and was runny. My pancakes were fluffy and yummy, I liked my sausage patties and the eggs were ok, nothing fancy but a solid breakfast.Overall:-Be wary of seating. They're busy and the tables are small.-The women's room is directly in front as soon as you walk in, and only a few feet from eating patrons. You may want to hold it until you get home if you catch my drift.-They have a very cozy country diner feel with country music playing. -The waiters are young and mostly friendly.-The food is good, solid, but nothing really stood out.-Great for breakfast or brunch.-Not good for groups larger than 4.I'd maybe go back. Maybe.
4	Used to work on Water Street and loved to eat hear. My only complaint was they never could deliver even though it said Delivery. It would get tough because we would get so busy and couldn't leave, but every time I could get here I enjoyed it. Burgers are perfect! I haven't had anything else and don't know if I could bring myself to because I just love the burger! Sometimes great burgers are hard to come by but this place is worth a try.
4	This place epitomizes good, but not great.  Don't misunderstand, I recommend checking it out and for the price my complaints are minimal.I've been to HCAE a couple times with my wife.  It's a small unassuming establishment with Old Vegas decor and vibe; very diner-esque.  The menu is simple classic American, hence the name.The service has been good, not great.  It seems to be service by committee so you catch a variety of personalities through the dining experience.  The food, also good (not great).  I enjoyed my egg sandwich with bacon and side of sausage, my wife was less thrilled with the french dip, but she ate most of it.  Our bill came out to less than twenty dollars, which seemed very reasonable for the overall quality of the experience.It's not Hash House, but it beats the hell out of Denny's or IHOP, all day.  We will be back, but it's not a once-a-week must have.
1	All I can say is.....don't waste your time going to this dump!  I don't imagine it will be in business very long.  Especially with an owner that is a complete and total jerk!  This pompus fool doesn't have a clue what decent food is.  We ordered 2 French Dip sandwiches with fries and drink...What we were served was something I've never ever seen before.  I wish I had taken a picture for the reviewers on here.  It was a cold sub roll with about 3 tablespoons of tough stringy leathery "shredded pot roast" in about 3 inch strands...with a small piece of cold non-melted cheese.  And lets not forget the so called Au jus you're supposed to dip it in.  This gross au jus was a yellow orange oily substance of some kind.  I have no idea what it was.  It kind of looked like chicken grease.  This sandwich was the most disgusting thing I've ever been served anywhere!So.......we called our server to the table and asked if we could get something else.  We told him we ordered two Frech Dip's and this is clearly NOT a French Dip!  The waiter asked what else we wanted instead....and we said just give us a couple cheeseburgers.  We figured that hopefully they can't screw a burger up too badly.  So after a couple minutes, here comes this old gray haired guy storming to our table where my mother and I were sitting.  He looked furious!!!!  He said "What was wrong with "MY" French Dip?"  We were startled at his approach first off.....then we proceeded to tell him that the meat was tough, stringy and not edible.  He raises his voice and says "I cooked that meat for 5 hours!!!"  And I said..."first of all it was shredded in long pieces that you can't even chew."  He hollars " I shred the meat instead of slicing it!!!"  And he storms off back into the kitchen....where he definitely does not belong!  Turns out....this jerk was the owner.  The other customers sitting around us was in disbelief of what an unprofessional jerk this guy was.  This place only has 12 tables in it....so everyone can hear everything.  So after that ignorant seen this jerk made....my mother and I immediately decided that WE are not going to give this fool one single dollar of our money!!! So we told the waiter to cancel the burgers we are leaving.  On the way out four people sitting at 2 tables said..."Good for you....I'd leave too!"  And "We aren't coming back here either after that behavior from an owner!"  I was floored at what a moron this so called owner was.  Usually when you send something back...it's for a reason.  An owner shouldn't come running to your table in a rage yelling "What was wrong with MY sandwich!".  Clearly this owner has NO CLUE what a French Dip is!  It's SUPPOSED to be THINLY SLICED ROAST BEEF on a TOASTED FRENCH ROLL.  The beef and roll should NOT BE COLD!  And the beef should NOT BE 3 TABLESPOONS OF LEFT OVER LEATHERY POT ROAST SHREDDED INTO 3 INCH STRANDS!  And SHOULD NOT have COLD CHEESE on it!!!!  The Au Jus should be BROWN IN COLOR....WITH A BEEF BASED FLAVOR!  NOT AN ORANGE & YELLOW OILY SUBSTANCE!!!!!!  My god!  What planet is this idiot from?  He has no business owning and cooking in any restaurant!  Which is why this place will fold up and close in the very near future.  My first clue should of been...that they close at 3:00pm.  Obviously they don't have enough business to stay open like "normal" restaurants.  This place doesn't even deserve one star!  It deserves Negative Stars!!!!  So don't waste your time or money at this dump.
4	Everything you would expect from a family owed diner. Good food, super reasonable prices. Place doesnt look like much from outside but inside is clean with open kitchen. Menu is limited bit good. Nice hole in the wall. We will be back.
4	Service is shaky. Young kid waiter was worthless. Food is great. One of the best chicken fried steaks and egss you can get in town.
4	This is a weird little place, but it is good and cheap!It's in a little strip mall next to a laundry mat, doesn't really look like a restaurant from the outside.  I am sure if you live on this side of town you have driven by here a million times with out even knowing there is a restaurant there.We ate breakfast there.  They did manage to perfectly baste my eggs almost as good as my moms! It isn't blow you away good, but it is good solid diner style food.  The prices are super cheap!  The place was clean and the service was friendly.The place is kinda like a quick service place but they do have wait service.  I would go here for a quick cheap breakfast or lunch anytime.
5	This place is a wonderful place to eat! They don't make us wait too long for our food and I enjoy how the food tastes. I like their pancakes and i love their bacon, they have wonderful prices and great service! I look forward to going there again.
5	Absolutely amazing food! I love the home feel to the place. It takes me back to sitting in my grandpa's kitchen as he made very similar breakfasts for us! My all time favorite breakfast joint. The biscuits and gravy or chicken friend steak are the best!! Highly recommended and keep up the good work guys!
3	Been here about 6 times total. I like the food here and the prices are good. The staff is nice and have never had a problem. My only two knocks are this place is closed at random days. It's a pain to drive over to find out they're closed when they're normally open on that day. The second thing is three out of the six times we've been there they were out of things. One time they were out of bread, tea and meat. How can you run a restaurant if you consistently run out of food? The turkey meal is really good and for breakfast I like their biscuits and gravy.
4	In Vegas for the weekend and looking for off the strip eats. This little restaurant is located off Lake Mead Pkwy and Water in Henderson, NV.  Decor is small town cafe tables and chairs with lots of metal tin signs hung on the walls. The food does not disappoint with generous portions at a great price. I opted for the French toast with bacon and over easy eggs while my son had a breakfast burrito with chili. We enjoyed both dishes and neither of us could finish the portion size. Recommended for those looking for a small local restaurant when in Vegas.
5	A nice small restaurant off of water street. I have to admit I've only ever ordered one thing from the menu, the chicken fried steak and eggs. Since having it the first time I cant bring myself to get anything else because its so good. Most places throw a nasty frozen brick in a fryer and pull it out and call it chicken fried steak. Here you can tell they have some pride in their food because its cooked the right way, breaded and fried with delicious gravy. The eggs have been done correctly every time and the potatoes are always good with some bell pepper mixed in with them. So while I cant speak for the rest of their menu, if you want chicken fried steak, come here.
4	Probably the best chicken fried steak in the las Vegas area. Honestly have not had a bad meal here. Prices are very reasonable,  and the food is good. The only reason they don't get 5 stars is the service is lacking. A couple waiters are average,  one is horrible. These are probably training issues,  the management needs to step up their game in this department. I recommend based on the food though.
