5	I haven't checked into YinzBurgh BBQ yet, but I can give an honest review after eating the food here. Let me explain, fellow  vegan and good friend, Jamie had gone here a few times and raved about the smoked Tofu with the greens and black eyed peas as sides. So we had made plans to meet and order some flicks at his apartment. So after his shift at Shadyside Hospital he went to YinzBurgh and picked up dinner and I went to 99bottles and got a couple sixers for the feast. I also stopped at Walmart (still sucks by the way) and picked up a can of Bush's grillin' beans and headed over. The timing was perfect as he pulled up the same time I did, so the food would be good n' hot, all we had to do was throw the beans in the nuker and feast. I popped open a Dogfish Head 60 minute IPA , which goes great with a vinegar based BBQ sauce. I added the tomato based sauce to the baked beans to give em a little home made touch. The green were delicious and the black eyed peas equally good but the smoked tofu with that sauce was outstanding. Nice and firm, and just the right amount of smoke. yinzBurgh's tomato based BBQ sauce took a can of baked beans to new heights too. This is a great place that even caters to vegans and vegetarians who happen to love BBQ.
5	This is perhaps the best BBQ I've ever had.  I will be going back soon and regularly.  Wow.The couple in front of me were caterers, and claimed this was the best BBQ they'd ever had.  Their other claim was that "these black eyed peas are good enough to start a fight"... and yeah, they're damn awesome.Everything is smoked here; nothing is fried.  The meat is tender, flavorful, and plentiful.  I tried the brisket, ribs, chicken, and all four sides, and thought that everything - absolutely everything - was top notch, while being cheaper than takeout from any other restaurant.They had three sauces, let people sample them, and could expllain each the style of bbq the sauces were from.  The sauces had a bit of kick; none were at all hot sauce, I'd call them 'medium'.  A red tomato-based sauce, a yellow mustard-based sauce (awesome on the chicken) and a thin vinegar-based sauce (perfect on the pulled pork).The sides were collard greens, black eyed peas, cole slaw, and mac 'n cheese; all were great, probably the peas and greens being my favorites, and the slaw being my girlfriend's first choice.Two tables, no seats.  Fine to eat standing up, or as takeout.  The wait is about five minutes, plus 3-5 minutes for every person in line in front of you.  If you're driving by, and there's no one in here, stop now, even if you're not that hungry.
5	This is the best addition to the East End in recent memory.  Everything is smoked to tender perfection, all three of the sauces are delectable (I'm partial to the mustard), and the cole slaw may be my desert island food of choice (I'm a slaw fiend).  It's really clear that they care about the food here.I've sampled the brisket, the ribs, the chicken, the pulled pork, and all of the sides.  The only thing that fell a little flat was the mac & cheese -- which has a lot of nice black pepper, but is a little dry.  But everything else is amazing.  The staff is really friendly.  It's mostly a takeout joint currently, and would be well served with some bar stools in the seating area (stand up dining only)...but don't let the location and ambience dissuade you...this is the real deal.  Great food, reasonable prices...Pittsburgh needs more places like this.
3	I don't want to rain on this parade of generally positive reviews but I feel the need to weigh in with a dissenting view. It's not all bad: it's a mixed bad. The staff is crazy friendly and the decor looks like it was pieced together from scraps left behind by a local and not particularly successful amateur theater troupe. It's low-key to the point that you question whether you've actually entered a building certified to sell food. Behind the counter however, you can see the kitchen at work in a glorious bustle of brining and dry-rubbing that lets you know, yes, what you are eating is, in fact, genuine home-cooked barbecue that presumably meets all health and safety standards.The owner is a really friendly guy; when you walk in, he asks if you've eaten there before and, if not, delivers his spiel on what he does: dry-rubbed barbecue, sauce on the side, have you tried the sauces by the way? The three varieties are sweet red, sweet yellowish, and sweet with vinegar. I get it, you can't have barbecue without sweetness but he may have driven the point home a little too thoroughly.I got the pulled pork sandwich (priced at 8.50 including a side) and it was merely alright. I picked the coleslaw and carolina vinegar sauce because, really, that is the only way to eat a pulled pork sandwich. The bun is store-bought, slightly sweet, and thoroughly mediocre. Without the slaw on top, the bun and the tender pork would have been too uniformly textured to enjoy especially when doused in sauce. The pork itself tasted like smoked pork that had been dry-rubbed (surprise). I wouldn't call it bland, but it would've benefited from more salt. If you need smoked meat (don't we all), this is one of the few places in Pittsburgh to get it. The price is alright and the food is passable, if not great, barbecue.I'm not writing this place off; I still need to try their ribs before judging them completely. I like barbecue but found my sandwich boring. Maybe the portions are better for the non-sandwich options but I could eat more for less elsewhere. I'd also like to explore their sides more. The black-eyed peas were fantastic.
3	The best BBQ on Baum Blvd!  Haha.  I've been staring at my screen toggling back and forth between 3 and 4 stars.  The  sides are really, really good.  Excellent collard greens, nicely flavored mac and cheese, great cole slaw, and flavorful black eyed peas.  Southern cooking.As for the meat?  The dry rub on the ribs is quite good, and it was soft and tender.  The 1/4 chicken didn't have crispy skin and was a bit dry.  The pulled pork didn't have seasoning, which I didn't know if that is a style or not.  I agree with the other reviewer that the buns were store bought - and if not, they certainly tasted like a bun you get from a summer camp bbq.It's hard not to root for the store and owner, who clearly has pride in his food.  He dissuades you from calling in an order too far ahead of your arrival, lest your food not be as fresh as possible.  And as described, it's not a sitdown place, with only a few tables and, well, no place to sitdown.I can't compare this place to others in the 'burgh - Union Pig and Chicken and Showcase BBQ -- as I have to fit these meals into my P90X nutritional program.  I think this joint is worth checking out, however, of you're in the area.
3	Very friendly.  Was told about how the meat is cooked and about the dry rub. Made sure I understood and tasted the 3 sauces.  Tomato based red (a little tangy, enjoyable flavor), the mustard based honey mustard (to sweet and overpowering mustard), and the vinegar based  Carolina style (Like).Menu has most of the typical items to chose from.  Ordered the ribs with the vinegar sauce and sides of slaw and black-eyed peas.  Meat definitely had that southern smoked flavor and was moist and feel off the bones.  The slaw was OK but be sure to get the black-eyed peas...delicious!Their are two small stand up tables and a short stand up counter on one wall, so get take out.
4	Reconnect with traditional, primal cooking, let the subtle flavors of smoke and meat tickle your pallet unencumbered by over salted rubs and sugary sauces.Warning: BBQ snob here who has been burned more than a few times by "awesome pittsburgh BBQ" places. If this offends you stop reading now.Finally, real BBQ in Pittsburgh.  BBQ is a process not a sauce people! It involves cooking with smoke! If there is no smoke it's not BBQ (cough) smokey bones (cough)The last time someone from Pittsburgh raved about a BBQ joint to me it was Clem's Hardwood Cafe... Terrible- so much heavy handed use of sauce ... i think it might have been pork i was eating? Not really sure, could have been tofu, all i tasted was the sauce.Now enter YinzBurgh BBQ:Good BBQ does not come out of a crock pot and is not covered in sugary sauce.  In fact, I won't be surprised to find out that this place gets a few bad reviews for not having enough sauce.  Develop a pallet people!Anyway, the smoke flavor is nice and assertive. The rub on the smoked chicken wings is quite excellent.  I can't comment on the bread as I don't eat much bread myself and am perfectly content to chow down on a plateful of meat.Some have complained that the meat is served too plain, however if you are a backyard BBQ enthusiast then you will appreciate the smokey flavors, which don't require heavy handed use of sauces and rubs to mask inferior cooking techniques.If you want to sauce your meat he has a number of homemade sauces available, however this place meets my #1 criteria for BBQ: Does not require sauce, although I did enjoy dipping my meat in a bit of sauce. My one complaint would be I would want sauces on the table so I could try a little of everything.The staff: Super friendly and we exchanged backyard BBQ tips including foiling, brining, cooking temperatures, gear... I mean this guy loves BBQ and knows his stuff and is happy to chat you up about Q. Had a great time. I hope that they are able to be successful and get into a location with some seating and of course BEER!UPDATE:I have revised my rating to 4 stars down from 5. If they get squeeze bottles with their sauce on the table vs forcing you to choose just one sauce then it'll go back up.
4	You'll find some serious southern hospitality here!As soon as we walked in what I suppose was one of the owners greeted us with a sweet southern accent.  She asked if we had been there before, and when we replied no, she immediately started to describe what they were all about.  How nice I thought!  She also had us sample each BBQ sauce to pick up which one we liked best.I thought I'd be all about the vinegar based one, but man that was potent!  I liked the original BBQ but I opted for a kicky mustard BBQ.  So with southern style BBQ the owner explained that you put the sauce on last.  I never realized that, so it was interesting to know.  So I dumped a healthy helping of mustard sauce on top of my pulled pork sandwich.  The pulled pork was awesome, very tender and not a dry piece in the mix.  I knew as soon as I saw the side options I wanted to try the coleslaw.  Now, you never know whether a slaw is going to be good or not.  The wrong amount of seasoning, or not enough, can leave it boring or just plain gross.  This was delicious, a true slaw winner in my book!  Just a note, there's not much of a "restaurant."  There's only two benches and two high top tables with no chairs.  I suppose it's just mostly a take out spot.  They also serve delicious (and local!) Red Ribbon soda!  At $18 for two dinners with sides and drinks I would say it's a cheap/fast dinner option on the go!Can't wait to try some other BBQ selections!!
4	I LOVE barbecue. But as many will say, Pittsburgh is hardly a barbecue mecca so I don't get to indulge often. I went out of my way to head to Yinzburgh and try it out last week.I got pulled pork with the tomato-based sauce, plus macaroni and cheese. The pulled pork was really good. I really enjoyed the sauce, it has a little spicy kick to it. I also tried the mustard sauce, which I don't normally like but it was pretty darn good! I would say that next time I'll ask for extra sauce, one little cup of it simply isn't enough.The macaroni was decent, had that homemade-by-grandma feel about it. Husband had a brisket sandwich, and he said it's the best brisket he's had in a long time, although for the price they ought to upgrade from the tasteless Giant Eagle hamburger buns they use; we have a lot of good bakeries around, they should get some good quality bread!We will definitely be back.
5	Stopped by again. Owner remembered us and was just so friendly, that's the kind of service I love. EXCELLENT food, great sauces. Tried the smoked chicken wings this time, and ooooooh the meat just MELTS right off the bone. The smokiness is so good. Best BBQ in Pittsburgh!
5	I'll echo the "finally good BBQ in Pittsburgh" sentiment, albeit with less experience hunting after the first few "rave" reviews I read on other places came up with disappointment. Never again will I miss BBQ in this town! Yinzburgh just does it right by the meat - this is meat that tastes like meat and not like sauce. You can tell they are cooking with love because the favors are all there and the staff is clearly proud of their product. I'm solidly hooked on the honey mustard sauce, but all three are downright tasty. Do yourself a favor and at least give them a try - you won't regret it and I can bet you'll be as hooked as I am!!
3	Doug and I eat alot of barbecue south of the Mason Dixon line, so it's not our first choice when we're home. And let's face it...most Yankees know next to nothing about real barbecue. Some folks may be offended by that last comment, but my opinion is based on suffering through many bad meals at barbecue wanna-be restaurants, both locally and in other Northern states. The people who run this restaurant are bona fide Southerners, however, and the reviews had me feeling optimistic, so we decided to give them a visit for lunch today. This is counter service, with a couple of bar height tables for standing at and some benches for waiting. The woman behind the counter could not have been any nicer, and offered samples of their various barbecue sauces, explaining that they use a dry rub on their meats and serve the sauce on the side. So far, so good. I deeply appreciate a place that doesn't smother their meat in sauce. The red tomato based sauce was a little too herby for my taste, with noticeable amounts of cumin and chili powder. I didn't love it. The North Carolina vinegar sauce was spot on...simple and, well, vinegary, with lots of black pepper and a hint of sweetness. Their South Carolina style mustard sauce has honey in it, and was a little too sweet for my taste. I'm not put off when I don't like the sauces that an establishment offers, however, as I can go without if the pork is perfect. The only other thing I'll say about the sauces is that I wish they kept them at the table in squirt bottles. The little plastic to go ramekins are a waste if you're dining in. I got the combo with chicken and pulled pork, and Doug got a full rack of ribs so we could share. We both got sides of collard greens and black eyed peas. I noticed right away that the pulled pork was dry. It had no discernable fat in it, and was pulled into very small shreds, which only further caused it to dry out. I doused it with the NC vinegar sauce, and, while the flavor was good, the dryness was disappointing. We talked to the pit master and he went back to check on the shoulder, and came back saying that it did indeed have very little fatback on it, so it seems the pulled pork was dryer today than it usually is. I would give it another try, as it was tasty otherwise. The chicken was very moist and delicious, with a nice smoky flavor. The ribs come with a very assertive rub that didn't fully dissolve into the meat...maybe this is where a little sugar in the rub would have helped caramelize things...so you got mouthfuls of dry rub in every bite. It eventually overwhelmed the flavor of the meat and became tiring to the palate. While the ribs themselves were not dry, they were chewy and lacked that succulent fall-off-the-bone quality that I look for. I've had ribs like this in the South, so they're most definitely a certain style, and were not bad for what they are. Just not my fave. The knock outs today were the sides. The collard greens were simple and tasty, and the black eyed peas were wonderful. I could make a meal of these two things alone any day of the week. We drank water with our meal as they only had bottled Nestea, which I detest, and I don't drink soda, although the local offerings in that category are a nice touch. I like fresh brewed tea with my barbecue, and was assured that this will be coming in the future.
3	I have to preface this review by letting you know that I write a BBQ blog and that I have eaten more than my share of BBQ around the country.  I have a lot of small and not so small things that I didn't love about their food.  Some are personal preferences.First, I have to commend the owners for their hospitality and menu.  They're eager to educate people about real BBQ and are very interested in what you think about their product.  We ordered chicken, pulled pork and ribs.  I thought the smoke level was really quite good.  The pulled pork was very dry.  I liked it with the vinegar sauce.  Which, by the way, was the best of the sauces they had to offer.  I also tried it with the mustard, which I liked in moderation but thought it was too sweet and too spicy.  Everything was too spicy.  BBQ isn't spicy.  We got the 1/4 dark chicken and it was moist and delicious.  I think the rub is ok.  The ribs were a little dry.  They might consider a fattier St Louis style rib.  I definitely think ribs should be moist and succulent.  Fat is flavor.  The rub is grainy and adds a mealy grainy mouth feel if you don't finish it on a grill or use enough sugar to turn it into a caramelized coating.   The red sauce hasn't cooked it's spices in so it's really grainy and again too spicy.  I didn't like the chili powder overtones either.  The stars were the sides we ordered.  The black eyed peas were really good, again didn't need to be spicy but nonetheless delicious.  The greens were very nice and tasted of their vinegar sauce.  I thought they could have been cooked a little longer but I really did like them a lot.  They need to allow you squeeze bottles of their sauce if you are dining in.  There's no sense in wasting the little plastic to-go cups or not allowing you to try multiple sauces at will.  We didn't finish what they gave us so they were also wasting sauce.  Everything is served in plastic and I really don't like the waste.  We took some of it with us to recycle at home.  A squeeze bottle will cost them a buck.  I liked the people quite a bit and hope that they find an audience here to support them.  I am on the fence with the rating, it's 2.5 stars for me.
2	I was craving BBQ tonight specifically brisket, so I rounded up my wife and dad. I Decided on this place, not a very good choice.. The meat was cooked very well, it was juicy and tender. But had very little flavor. Not sure what this place is thinking about their homemade sauces  taste like someone just mixed a few things up so they could call it there own homemade blend. The owner was very very nice but definitely needs to work on making new sauces or my suggestion in this case buy some store brand stuff even just to keep as an option for people (we would have taken that instead). THE next final kicker was the portion size I got the big combo platter for $28 for my wife and I...it only came with 3 ribs, a small leg, about 3-4 slices of brisket ( barely enough to make a sandwich) , and the pulled pork was tender and juicy but barely enough to make a sandwich). So very overpriced it was like a kiddie sampler plate at the full grown up price.Plus good thing I ate there half my order was missing. My hotel is 30 min. away imagine getting home and only having half of your baby meal!I feel bad to say this but all the great reviews here probably never have had real great BBQ. Well I will continue to search Pittsburgh for good BBQ during my 2 month stay.
5	A copy of the review from my blog:Last night before the band played a show in Bloomfield, my wife & I stopped with some friends at Yinzburg BBQ on Baum Blvd. in Bloomfield.  Last time I was in that building it was a Roly Poly, and it's certainly a different place now.I'm a huge fan of BBQ and I have been reading great reviews about the place online, so I was very anxious to check it out.  (Also, I've been in a BBQ mood lately.)  Of course with the whole shellfish allergy thing, I took a look at the menu online before we went down.  My mouth was watering at all of the delicious prospects.  Thankfully, there is no deathfish present on the menu.  I've sadly gone to places before that have had daily specials or menu revamps that aren't online... so I decided to send them an email.  I was met with a quick, friendly & inviting reply from owner & chef Richard.  His philosophy seems to be summed up in his email signature:    1. Barbecue is a cuisine; Barbecue sauce is a condiment!    2. The sauce is served on the side.    3. The love is in the rub!When we walked in we were greeted by a woman with a sweet southern accent who asked us if we had ever been there before.  We indicated that we hadn't & got a lesson in the 4 main & 2 hot barbecue sauces.  I liked the vinegar one & the signature red...  And, I liked that you could get 2 different ones with your meal.  Next time I might get the mustard sauce.I had the brisket & pulled pork combo with the signature red & vinegar sauces (served on the side, so you can apply or dip however you like), the coleslaw, and a root beer from Natrona.  I tried both meats sans sauce, and they were incredible.  I found myself having a hard time deciding which sauce I liked better with which meat.  The coleslaw was creamy and flavorful.  I also had a sample of my wife's mac n' cheese (she got a delicious looking half chicken), and our friends' collard greens.  The mac n' cheese was nice & creamy and the collard greens were delicious.  I've sadly never had any until now.  We even had a very satisfied vegetarian in our midst who seemed to really like the smoked tofu wrap.  It's not every day you find a BBQ place that serves vegan and vegetarian items.There were two 2-seater tables outside, and 2 tables with standing room only inside.  We stood as we dined,negotiating around the mountain of food in front of us.  Halfway through the meal, I was already planning what to order for my next visit.  Next time it's chicken & ribs... maybe the black eyed peas on the side.  Next time will also be soon!  They asked us to tell our friends... and if you're reading this... you're my friend, and you need to go check this place out!I was so enamored with the food... I forgot to take a photo to upload... oh well, maybe next time!
5	Just visited for the first time. I loved it! The owner's sister, Debbie, was working and let me sample the 5 sauces, all tasty. She was very friendly. I got 2 pulled pork sliders and sides of mac 'n cheese and black-eyed peas. $12 total, I ate it all and was very full. The meat was perfect, smoky and spicy, on the soft and sweet buns. The beans were amazing while being vegan. All the sides are vegan or vegetarian, and they have a tofu wrap, too, so you can go there with all your friends! Good, quick service. I'll be back!
5	OK first off this is a BBQ place that has not only Vegetarian options but also Vegan ones, that to me is amazing!  After reading so many yelp reviews I decided to swing by one day with DH.  He ordered the pulled pork (no sandwich) and I got the quarter chicken.  We had to have a few sides of course, so we ordered the black eyed peas, collard greens, and macaroni & cheese.  First off the Yinzburg Afterburner sauce is to die for, its sweet, hot, and tangy all at the same time, and is a perfect complement to the lovely smoked meats.  The star of the show was the black eyed peas.  It reminded me of a special north Indian dish I frequently cooked called Lobia, except without the kicked up spice.  It totally hit the spot.  The owner of this fine establishment was friendly, and willing to explain the process he uses to smoke the meats, and the tofu.  The only thing I was disappointed to hear was that they use to offer smoked paneer (Indian cheese), but no longer do.  They were not getting enough orders, so they ended up throwing it away every night.  How about we all start a revolution to get it reinstated, what do you say :)?
4	This is my kind of place! Run by super friendly people and serving up some pretty delicious food.We walked in, and were instantly greeted by the owner and what I'm assuming was his wife(?). Both were incredibly welcoming. Upon hearing that it was our first visit, he walked us through a sampling of all of their homemade sauces and explained each. Perhaps we were there at a slower time, but it was great to have a nice conversation with the owner. He discussed his cooking methods and preferences for BBQ. He even let us try the black-eyed peas and collard greens - both were good...and both were vegan, which was a nice surprise for anyone perhaps looking for vegan options (they also have BBQ tofu options).My wife and I walked out of YinzBurgh with chicken, ribs, brisket, pulled pork, collard greens, mac & cheese, and cole slaw; a decent sampling, to say the least.Overall, I really can't complain about anything. The pulled pork was excellent, the brisket was good (though maybe slightly dry), and the ribs were good. Note, that this isn't the type of BBQ that comes smothered in sauce, and honestly, you don't need much sauce - if any - to enjoy.Add in the fact that all of the sides were good, and it's hard to provide any reasons not to go back next time we're in a BBQ mood!
5	I went back here again to try some more things. The pulled pork was as delicious as last time, only more moist, no doubt in response to feedback commenting on dryness (though I thought it was tasty before too). Got the tofu wrap, with the honey mustard sauce, for my vegetarian boyfriend, and he said it was great. This time, in addition to the unmissable black-eyed peas, I got the collards and coleslaw, and both were delicious. I hope they keep it up!
5	Great BBQ. Had Pulled Pork and 1/4 Chicken with the vinegar and tomato based sauces both were delicious. My Girl friend had the summer special of pulled pork and ribs. The ribs were fall off the bone tender. Even if the food wasn't great the service alone was worth it. The ladies behind the counter were so friendly and helpful. I will defiantly become a regular.
4	This place is so unassumingly cool! The super nice Southern lady at the counter had us sample all of their sauces before we ordered, and she described each one in a totally understandable and non-pretentious manner! I'm no BBQ snob, so I really appreciated it!Which sauce did I choose? They were all so good it was hard to decide! I ended up going with the spicy Kansas City sauce which was just spicy and just tangy enough. I put the sauce on a brisket sandwich, and the meat was very tender and smoky, although a little less fatty than I like. I also prefer a hard roll to a soft roll (I hope this isn't sacrelige in the BBQ world?) but it was definitely satisfying.As far as sides--the creamy mac and cheese is the bomb and I loved that the greens had whole garlic cloves mixed in. We got our food to go and took it to the pool--so perfect!
5	The food is the best BBQ I've had in Pittsburgh.  The meats fall right off the bone and are just so juicy and seasoned well.  They have 5 or 6 diff types of BBQ sauce all with a little kick.  The best side are the black eyed pees - amazing!!!  Don't eat inside- take it to go...
5	Very very good! In my group we had the brisket and pulled pork, both excellent. The variety of sauces was great, along with the description and taste of each. Side dishes were all good: cole slaw, collard greens, cornbread (not sweet, which I prefer). While you can eat in, the dining area is very basic - much better to get a LOT of take out for a crowd. I'll definitely be back!
4	The sauces are amazing especially the mustard! Pair that with brisket and the best coleslaw I've ever had and I'm a happy camper.Their greens are not my favorite.....which is the only reason I'd say 4 stars instead of 5. The owner and his wife are also incredibly nice and make a real effort to know their customers.
5	Their coleslaw and black eyed peas are AMAZING! Been back twice..will keep going
4	This place has an awesome name. I think the lady said she was from West Virgina and she lets you try all the sauces and pick a few with your meal. I got the ribs. Eat up.
3	Very cool experience.  I wasn't expecting to have to try the sauces before hand but it wasn't bad at all and I also got to choose the sauce I liked.  The food was really good but in my opinion a little pricey.  The owner was really nice and you could tell he really cared about the product.  I would recommend the ribs they were really goodAs far as the cons go.  I would prefer the owner not bother us so much.  He came out a little more often than I would have preferred.My biggest complaint I had is he kinda made me feel rushed to order.  Also he asked me if I want a quarter or half rack of ribs.  The half was not nearly enough so I got another quarter.  After that he told me most people just get the whole rack because it's the best deal.  Well why wasn't that an option at the beginning?   That was honestly really frustrating and the main reason for the 3 stars.  Don't get any ribs except the whole rack
4	Don't let the outside of the place fool you. This place has excellent BBQ! It looks like a chain from outside, but they have really nailed authentic southern barbecue. Excellent meat with your sauce on the side. I went with the Carolina Vinegar - the first place outside of eastern North Carolina that I've been able to find someone that does Eastern Carolina style correctly (hint: it doesn't involve mustard in any way!).There are some downsides. It's a little pricey, the coleslaw was boring, and there's really no room for seating (my group of 5 was split between 4 stools and a regular chair).That all said, this place will definitely be a regular stop.
3	2.5 stars. I took out the 1/4 slab rib plate with mac and cheese and spicy Kansas City sauce for lunch (get take out, it appears no one actually eats here). The meat fell off the bone but was a little dry and needed something more - maybe salt? -, I guess why it is accompanied with the sauce to mask this. The mac and cheese was okay though you could tell it was pre-packaged. When I took it out of the container, the mac and cheese was a little cold and held its shape from the container. The sauce definitely made this meal good but if I can enjoy my BBQ without any sauce it is my preferred way (and add sauce to supplement the flavor). However the woman who was taking my order was incredibly sweet, loved to talk about her business, and was plentiful with sauce samples.
3	The owners (and as a matter of fact all the staff my wife and I met) are super friendly, and so passionate about their craft that they'll be ladling out samples of their sauces before you've even had a chance to absorb what's going on.  The meats are all very good, although the pulled pork can be on the slightly dry side from time to time.  Portions are of average size (an anomaly in a city where sandwiches are routinely as big as your head and are stuffed with french fries), and they have some interesting local soft drinks.It's on the pricy side for what it is, and some of the sides (e.g. the mac n' cheese and the cole slaw) are merely average in taste and execution.  That being said, there's something to be said about super-friendly dudes (and dudettes) who are so passionate about BBQ that they felt like they had a moral obligation to open up a restaurant.  For crying out loud, one of the times we went in the guy decided he was going to give us a (truly entertaining and engrossing, by the way) lecture on the origins, makeup, and philosophy of use for the individual sauces he'd created.  It was amazing, terrifying, amazingly terrifying, and terrifyingly amazing all at once.Last note.  We went there when they first opened up shop, way back in the fall of 2012.  Things may have changed since we last went there (although from the looks of the more recent reviews, it doesn't look that way).
4	Of the many cuisines that are underrepresented in Pittsburgh, BBQ has to top the list. Fortunately, Yinzburgh has arrived to help fill the void. I picked up a rack of ribs to share with some friends for lunch today and I was not disappointed. The meat was well-seasoned and very tender without being too fatty. Not as good as what you can find served from the average roadside truck down south, but very good by Pittsburgh standards. The exceedingly friendly owner allowed me to sample all the sauces and take 3 with my order; the vinegar was my favorite by far. I also got a piece of cornbread, which was decent. I look forward to returning and trying some of the other meats - if I can resist ordering the ribs again, that is.
4	Excellent, very authentic carolina bbq...owners are very friendly and are from the south and have brought their skills up north.  It is so hard to find good bbq up here.  big portions.  well worth it!
5	This place is astonishingly good. BBQ is served in true Carolinan style with sauce on the side. I'm normally a fan of delicious sauciness, but the dry rub and smoke is so good that you almost don't need the sauce... if the sauce wasn't so damn amazing. I'm a real fan of the Afterburner red sauce for brisket, and the Hot Honey for the pork ribs. My husband really likes their vinegar based sauce for pulled pork as well.We recently tried their new menu items, their Chili-Q (side) and smoked Kolbassi. Both weere amazing. The Chili-Q is the love child of baked beans and chili and my god is it ever delicious (and I don't even like beans all that much). The smoked Kolbassi is basically smoked sausage (so good). The "sandwich" alone is not a lot of food, so make sure to order extra sides!
4	While my Partner In Cuisine (PIC) and I were wandering aimlessly around Shadyside looking for a place to have a late lunch yesterday, we decided to take the lesser traveled Baum Blvd. instead of the usual Centre Ave.  The more upscale local places weren't open for lunch so those were out.  We vetoed Ritters (not quite drunk enough to eat there), the hot foods section at Market District (avoid grocery stores the day before a holiday) and the various chain restaurants that adorn the streets of Shadyside (because chain restaurants suck.)  Tired and hungry, we walked and walked when all of the sudden in the distance, I spot a sign.  "That sign says Barbecue,"  I said.  To which the PIC promptly replied, "We are eating there."  We were so excited, we didn't even go to an intersection to cross and took our lives in our hands by crossing the four lane highway a'la "Frogger" to get to YinzBurgh BBQ.  This is not an easy task since most Pittsburgh drivers are completely psychotic (especially the PAT bus drivers.)So we get to the restaurant and are greeted by the friendliest business owner this side of the Mason Dixon line.  Richard, the owner discussed our barbecue and sides options at length while he educated us on the "whys" and "hows" of authentic barbecue.  We got to sample the sauces and the sides before ordering, which was an extremely smart idea on his part because we ended up ordering WAY more food than we intended.  I got the ribs and pulled pork with a side of mac and cheese and the PIC got the chicken and brisket with the side of Chili-Q.  Both of us selected the signature red afterburner sauce.  Each and everything we had was excellent and we ate until our hearts content.  Of our four meats, the brisket and the ribs were the winners.As a side note, for those non-carnivorous folks out there, there are also a plethora of vegan and vegetarian choices.   The reason why I give four stars instead of five was the lack of seating options.  If I wanted to go out with a group of friends for a good old fashioned barbecue dinner, the restaurant would not be able to seat more than a few of us.  I suppose one could get take out or delivery, but sometimes a person just wants a nice sit down meal.  Lucky for us, the day we stopped in, the weather was cooperative and we got to sit outside and dine.  If they had better seating, I think they would go far.  I also agree that the owners should just allow customers to squeeze their own barbecue sauces and try them on their meats as they eat.  In the long run, I think there would be far less waste.
4	I'm extremely enthusiastic about YinzBurgh BBQ's contribution to Pittsburgh's culinary scene--and not just because it's close to my apartment.  YinzBurgh has scoured the country for inspiration in assembling its offerings, which manage to be mostly traditional yet pleasantly eclectic at the same time.  Like any good barbecue place, they take their meat and their customers extremely seriously.But more than that, YinzBurgh manages to go beyond importing styles and sauce types from various barbecue meccas--they take the first steps toward defining a unique identity that may someday be known nationwide as "Pittsburgh barbecue."  It was exciting to sample their offerings, and I'm excited to see what they do next.I'll get to some of the meats in detail, but let me say that the side dishes are where YinzBurgh BBQ begins to define Pittsburgh BBQ.  The collard greens are simple and elegant.  The black-eyed peas are one of the most flavorful vegan-friendly options I've ever had at this kind of restaurant.But what really sets the menu apart is the "Chili-Q"--a proprietary combination of chili and baked beans created by the owner himself.  It's truly a wonderful blend of traditional experiences, fused harmoniously into something utterly new yet comfortingly familiar.  In lieu of a detailed description, I'll give it my full-throated endorsement and urge you to try it.And now, the moment you carnivores have all been waiting for, the meats (and sauces):-The chicken is flavorful, roasted on the bone (and practically falling off of it).-The ribs have excellent flavors, a bit like you'd find in Memphis.  They're hands down among the best I've had in this half of the state.  This meat also tends to fall off the bone.-The brisket is a little reminiscent of what you'd find in Hill Country in Texas, though a touch drier and noticeably smokier with a surprising amount of flavor.  The brisket would pair well with literally anything else on the menu.  It's great by itself on a fork, in any of the sauces, on a sandwich, or mixed with other meats.-The pulled pork is a bit harder for me to come up with a succinct and accurate description for, but let's just say if your companion offers you a "bite or two" (as mine did), you can expect to take a polite normal-sized first bite and an enormous bordering-on-rude second bite based on your initial experience.-They have barbecue sauces, spicy and mild, from all the major traditions.  Tomato, mustard, and vinegar bases ensure there's something for everyone.  I highly recommend the spicy tomato-based on sauce; it goes well with pretty much everything (it's perfect for dipping).[The primary downsides revolve around access.  It's a small place without much seating, so it's not great for big groups.  There's limited parking if you're driving, and the delivery is done through a third party, making it pretty expensive.  Having said all that, YinzBurgh is relatively new.  I see plenty of room for growth, expansion and improvement on all these points if enough Pittsburghers taste the food and then keep coming back--as I certainly will.]
5	The best thing (for me) about Yinzburgh BBQ is that it is vegan friendly. Seriously? A veggie-friendly BBQ place? Why bother? Well, I love BBQ sauce and all the sides that go with it, so I really appreciate this place. They have a smoked block of tofu, a tofu wrap, and tofu salad, plus veggie sides like collard greens and Mac and cheese. The tofu is amazing. It is dry-rubbed, like all their meats, and it's delicious. You get your choice of sauces with your meal-their signature red sauce is the best.  I think the Mac and cheese is also amazing-I watched them make it the last time I was there and it's all from scratch.  The place is really geared toward take-out; there are a few tables and chairs and a tv. Parking is available across the street at Einstein bagels.
5	It's been a year or two, and I still think these are the best ribs in town.  While Union Pig & Chicken has upped their game on most of their menu... yeah, YinzBurgh wins on the ribs.  Would gladly eat here daily if my family let me.  :-)
5	Excellent BBQ, enough said.
5	This is the best BBQ around!  The brisket falls apart, the pulled pork is juicy and tender, and the sides...mmmmmm.  They are the best I've ever had.  Seriously.  You'll start with a quick tasting of the sauces, along with an explanation of the differences - there are at least 6 tasty sauces to choose from and each one was better than the last.   They complement the meats perfectly and the result is a truly wonderful BBQ meal.  The restaurant is small and cozy and in good weather there are some seats outside. Everyone is super-friendly and helpful.  All in all, YinzBurgh BBQ is a very welcome addition to the Pittsburgh restaurant scene and my new favorite place for good time BBQ!
5	This place is AWESOME !!!!. We went there for the first time today. The moment we walked in we were greeted by the owner who is very friendly. The food is incredible. My wife and I got the pulled pork sandwich. I got a side of mac n cheese which was delicious also. The sandwiches were  loaded with meat. They were awesome. What's nice is that you pick your meat then you pick the sauce that you like. They let you sample each sauce to see which one you like. They are all tasty. The only drawback is that the seating area is a little small. But overall, I will definitely recommend this place to everyone.
5	The owner is clearly very passionate about his food.  He makes sure everyone gets the best possible meal.  He had us sample all of the sauces so we could pick our favorite, and gave us some background on each one.  He was very friendly and very kind.The food itself is fabulous.  Both the beef brisket and the pulled pork were incredible.  We will definitely be going back.
4	If you haven't dabbled much in the world of BBQ, Yinzburgh a good starting point; the owners can / will school you in the art of 'que.That said...the BBQ I had was average.  I went the day after the 4th of July, and I'm betting that much of what I had was re-heated from the day before.  I have competition BBQ friend and he's educated me on what good BBQ is.  The brisket had good flavor but was way overcooked, and fell apart before I could pick it up.  The pulled pork was good but lacked any good bark chunks.  We liked the smoked chicken.  The sauces were all good but nothing knocked my socks off.Overall this is a 2-3* in the South, but Pittsburgh is lacking in this market so it gets points there.  Plus, I may have been here on an off day, and I'd encourage you to go back and check it out.
5	I had the pulled pork and it was GREAT. They let you try all of their sauces before you pick, which was a really hard decision for me as all of the sauces were really good. Also, their sides are all very tasty! We were able to taste them all and were really impressed, even with the vegan ones (coming from a non-vegan).  There are so many things there that I want to try between all of the meats, sauces, and sides. The service was also super great.
5	Small new BBQ place in Pitt! The owner who was very very nice and attentive to us, gave us a little history Behind why he chose to open up this place, he also explained his way of cooking all the meats! EVERYTHING made here is fresh and prepared family style and ala cart. He also let us taste all the different BBQ sauces he had which were all homemade and different from your normal everyday BBQ sauce! Unique is what comes to mind dining here.  I had the Brisket sandwich with Mac and cheese, cole slaw, Collard greens and corn bread! The meat was like butter and full of smoked BBQ flavor before adding any type of BBQ sauce! The Mac and cheese was prepared beautifully with some black pepper and was amazing .. Cole slaw was different but like I said this place is UNIQUE! The corn bread was grainy but very tasty! Over all this place will succeed because the ppl behind the counter are passionate about the food prepared and are wonderful and the food is simply on point !
5	A group of us visited YinzBurgh BBQ on a Sunday afternoon, after a short debate on which Pittsburgh-area BBQ place we should visit. YinzBurgh was the closest we haven't yet tried out, so that settled it.Arriving, we didn't know what the parking situation would be, so we parked on side streets around the corner, but in their front door they have a sign indicating that customers are allowed to park in the Einstein Bros. lot across the street in the afternoons - convenient! Walking in the restaurant, the barbecue smell hits you, and it smells amazing. The cheerful woman behind the counter asked if it was our first time visiting the establishment. When we told her it was, she offered samples of all five of their sauces, which is great because I would've just ordered one based on the description and the one I'd have picked definitely wasn't my favorite after the taste test. I ordered a beef brisket sandwich, while between all members of my party, we had a great selection of different meats, probably almost if not all of them. Another point - they do have vegetarian options (we didn't try them), but that's really cool to see a BBQ joint offering options for non-meat-eaters!Now, our biggest problem - there were six of us but the seating area only accommodates four. Totally our fault for not realizing this going in and choosing to eat there instead of getting takeout, but they do actually have a pretty good sized space and I hope they offer a few more seating options as they continue to grow in popularity.Onto the food: amazing. I got the beef brisket with their hot mustard-based BBQ sauce on the side, and it was without a doubt the best brisket I've had in Pittsburgh. The meat itself stands on its own, but I'm still into throwing a bit of sauce on. I managed to sample pretty much everything between what others in our party had ordered, and everything was great. The mac and cheese as a side was delicious, as was the cornbread (and a huge helping of it to boot). As we finished up, the cook (and potentially owner?) came out from the back and ensured everything was good, and was delighted to hear we enjoyed our meals.Our whole experience here was great, and I'll definitely be back for more!
5	After many months of passing by YinzBurgh BBQ, my husband and I finally picked up lunch today and all I can say is WHY DID WE WAIT SO LONG!? The food was absolutely delicious and the owner was  friendly and helpful. He gave us an explanation of the restaurant, let us try samples of the sauces, and even gave us samples of all of the side dishes (which we loved so much that we ended up ordering all of them). I had the smoked tofu wrap and my husband had the smoked pulled chicken sandwich. Both were perfectly cooked, flavorful, and we were able to add as much or as little spice as we wanted. The black-eyed peas were my favorite side - so delicious and flavorful. The collared greens and mac'n'cheese were also phenomenal. I wish this restaurant were open in Squirrel Hill - I would probably go every day! I cannot wait to go back and hope to take advantage of their catering services soon. If you haven't tried this place yet, run there now!
5	Overall: Great food and sauces. The owner and staff are incredibly friendly and helpful. Parking is available across the street at Einstein Bros. after 2:30 PM otherwise there is street parking. They accept cash and cards for payment. If you are new, let them know and they will get you oriented and introduced to their food and sauces available. They will walk you through the flavor and origins of the sauces, which I found quite interesting. I had the pulled pork sandwich and a side of macaroni and cheese. I was between that and the brisket sandwich but being my first time to this place, I had to try the pulled pork. The pulled pork was not dry at all and was wonderful when paired with their "afterburner" sauce. Their meats are cooked with dry rubs and not sauces. All of this was pulled together with an IBC root beer. Ill be sure to try their brisket the next time I go   Make sure to take the time to chat with the owner and staff. They are extremely friendly and will give you good advice about what to get. I definitely plan on going again. Five stars for sure.
3	Perhaps because a friend of mine talked it up so much, but I found this place only good. The pork and brisket were okay. The chicken was disappointing and a little gummy. The mac and cheese was excellent, as were the collard greens. The sauces were unique and tasty.There is no good barbecue without good cornbread, and the cornbread was horribly dry and not very tasty.I would get it again, but it's not my favorite. As well, I got it for takeout. I don't know if that makes a difference.
5	For bbq, I give it a 4. For bbq north of the mason dixie line, I give it a 6. This is good stuff. Between two people we had chicken, ribs, brisket and pulled pork, with most of the available sauces, collards, chili, and coleslaw. For me, stand outs were the pork with vinegar sauce and the cole slaw, but everything was good enough to recommend. I will be back any time I'm near by.
4	I've never actually been to the physical location, however I've had their catered food on numerous occasions. I'm not generally a huge fan of barbecue style food as it tends to be a bit heavy and meaty for my taste, but I make an exception for YinzBurgh! This place is crave worthy.Excellent pulled pork, macaroni and cheese, beans, coleslaw, and hot sauces. I definitely look forward to occasions when I get a chance to eat this, and one of these days will actually check out the restaurant itself.On the other hand, avoid the salads. They're pretty sad and seem like they were just poured out of a pre-mixed salad bag. The meat on top is still good, but doesn't make up for what's underneath.
5	Excellent, the "real deal". Very friendly owner, took the time to explain the sauces and gave samples to try. Will definitely go back
3	Good ribs. Decent brisket and pulled pork. Not my favorite chicken.  If you want some BBQ ribs - come here and get that; 5 stars in that department.
5	If you are looking for great traditional southern bbq, this is the place to go. Their ribs and brisket are great. I am a southern BBQ lover, so I appreciate the fact that my meat was rubbed only and I could sauce it myself. Owner is a very nice guy; typical southern hospitality with a noticeable drawl, and provides a mean plate of BBQ. Odd hours, so make sure to check before going.
4	I definitely enjoyed my experience here. You can tell the staff is passionate about BBQ in their willingness to explain the menu and patience in allowing customers to try all of their housemade sauces.The sauces are more spiced than sauces typically found in Pittsburgh which tend to be creamy or ketchup. They also have spicy (hot) versions of a couple of the sauces for those who like an extra kick.As for food, I ended up trying the pulled pork, the beef brisket, the baby back ribs, and the mac'n'cheese. All of the meats were juicy and the ribs fell off the bone.Overall, Yinzburgh does not fall short on flavor.
5	I'm not an expert, but I do enjoy barbecue. This place is good. The sauces complement the meat, not overpower it. I'm not a vegetarian, but I really liked the smoked tofu block. The side dishes are spot on. Great for a crowd because everyone finds something they love. I eat here every time I travel to Pittsburgh. And did I mention the staff are friendly? Great place.
5	I wish that I could eat here every day. The food was out of this world. There are so many positive reviews for Yinzburg.  I am happy that Yinzburg is getting the positive attention that it dissevered. The greens were so yummy .
2	I really wanted to like this place. The owner was super nice and helpful. All of the sauces are amazing. The BBQ was just not good. The pork was dry and not very flavorful, the chicken was fair and the brisket was on the fattier side.
4	Great food friendly staff. Sampled some new additions along with the chili q. All delicious and the Mac n cheese is awesome! I love my cole slaw finely shredded and not in big chunks which is exactly how theirs is!! I like salt so I added more but you most likely won't need any! Will be back
5	Excellent little restaurant. Slow cooked, dry rubbed meats with fantastic sauces for pairing. The selection of mains come in all different sizes, and with a bunch of sides to choose from you can have quite the smorgasbord. The pork was fantastic paired with the vinegar based Carolina sauce (I believe it was Carolina), and the ribs were great with the mustard based sauces. The whole meal was enjoyable.Will visit again, for sure!!
5	Best BBQ I've found in western PA, better than most of what I've had in the south. They make their own sauces and you get to select what you want, when we went they did a sampling for us. Got some brisket, pulled pork, and half a chicken. Also did the mac & cheese for a side, which my gf really liked. Will be back for sure, this place should be packed but never seems to be.
5	I love the pulled pork here. This is a take out place and the owner is always hands on.I highly recomend this place ..... you must try it.
5	Great!
5	This place is amazing.  They made their own sauces, which were offered to us for sampling as soon as we walked in.  They were really passionate and serious about their stuff.  Brisket was our faverite, tangy collard green paired nicely with all the meat.  The kids devoured their mac and cheese.  Overall this was an unexpectly nice dining experience considering this was a take-out.
5	THE RIBS HERE ARE AMAZING!!! Fall-off-the-bone deliciousness. The meat was well-seasoned and NOT drenched in sauce. The pulled pork and brisket were also very good...but the ribs were what really stood out. I also highly recommend the coleslaw ad chili-q. Prices are reasonable, and the people who work there were really nice!
3	When it comes to BBQ I think Pittsburgh is really lacking. I'm from the south so I know my BBQ and that makes me a tough customer in this department. I went to Yinzburgh BBQ and had a pulled pork sandwich and a side of mac and cheese and everything was good. So why just the 3 stars? Well I just wasn't impressed. It was good but the place is a shoe box with very little seating and you will eat your food with a plastic fork out of aluminum foil or styrofoam while sitting in their lifeless dining area. I felt like the proportions you got for the price was a little expensive for a place with no atmosphere. You might as well take your food with you and eat in a more comfortable environment. I would rather buy BBQ from those guys that pull their trailer smokers into the gas station parking lots where $10 buys you enough BBQ to two people and it's beyond delicious. Too bad Pittsburgh doesn't offer stuff like that, not like in the south.
2	Mediocre takeout barbecue at full-service prices.  I don't know why I keep trying to eat yankee barbecue, because I have yet to find any that's very good.  YinzBurgh's is okay - tastes like it was done in an oven and finished with smoke, definitely not like authentic 'cue cooked at least ten hours over low hardwood heat.  I'd have given 3 stars, but not at these prices.  Really world-class places like Arthur Bryant's, Sweatman's, and Lexington charge significantly less, and they have actual seating.  (Yes I know YinzBurgh has some seats, but not enough.  If anyone else is there, you'll probably be s.o.l. on finding a place to sit down.)  BTW, I'm judging based on their pulled pork.  I'm from the Carolinas, so that's what I go to for in 'cue - can't comment on their brisket (Texas) or ribs (Memphis).The sauces are okay.  The variety's nice, but none of the ones I tried were great.  The sides are average, too, but the lack of pork in the collards is pretty noticeable.  For a pork fix, YinzBurgh will suffice, but anyone who knows good barbecue is going to be left wanting.  Your best bet in the 'burgh is still to learn how to do a passable pork shoulder at home (and bring back sauce from your next trip to the South).
5	Holy amazingly delicious! I read an article about this place not long ago and decided to try it out. So glad I did, the food was amazing! I got the pulled pork and ribs and by boyfriend got the brisket and ribs, and everything was fabulous. The owner greeted us when we entered and asked if we had been there before. Since we hadn't he gave us a little chat about the kind of BBQ he did, and allowed us to try all 5 (6?) sauces, all made in house. Our favorite was the after burner - very delicious! Then while eating the owner brought us over a sample of the smoked short ribs that would be on the menu for the weekend. All we could say was wow! I was surprised to learn Yinzburgh BBQ has been open for 2 years, and I hope they are open many more. We will be making many returns!
5	As a person with a diet that does not include red meat, I find his cooking to be amazing! I first tried Richard's food over 5yrs ago. I just recently had the pleasure of trying a few dishes at his new (open 2yrs) restaurant on Baum Blvd. When I heard "BBQ", I certainly didn't the Vegetarian or Vegan. My coworker tried a Brisket & Bean chili and said the meat was delicious & tender. But, he has a great selection of foods for vegheads & vegans to enjoy too, and specifies them as "Vegetarian" "Vegan" & "Gluten-Free" on his menu. I tried the "Hoppin John" with Black-eyed peas, baby spinach & seasonings and it was to die for! I would HIGHLY recommend this place. I can't wait to try the Mac & Cheese next.I plan to bring friends to this place, and I've already told many about it.
5	Really awesome, falling-off-the-bones BBQ and the owner is really personable and he takes time to answer any questions you might have. He is so friendly and he always makes me feel like he really appreciates me trying anything from Yinzburgh BBQ.  I love the Afterburner sauce. I could just drink it I also like the Hot Honey. I've tried pulled pork, chicken, and ribs and they were all so delicious. As sides I've tried cole slaw, collard greens, and chili-Q. Chili-Q is something in between of baked beans and chili. It's so flavorful. The only thing for me is that it is somewhat pricy for a poor college student like me. So every time I go it's such a treat for me.
5	As a Georgia native, I didn't think it would ever be possible to find authentic BBQ in the northeast- boy did this place prove me wrong! Yinzburg BBQ not only has the perfect friendly, small town atmosphere any southerner loves, but they're sauces, sides, and (especially!) meats blow practically any southern joint out of the water. My only regret is not getting more to take back to Georgia!
5	I literally love their Mac and Cheese.  If I could swim in it, I would.  It's just so damn good.
4	The ribs are tasty & literally fall off the bone. As mentioned, they let you sample their sauces. We ordered some ribs & the mac & cheese. I literally live 2 blocks away and have to stop of myself from eating dinner here daily.
3	I had high hopes for this place based on all of the great reviews, but it didn't quite live up to my expectations.  First the positives: the sauces are pretty good, especially the mustard based sauce; also, the staff is friendly like others have pointed out; coleslaw was decent.We got the sampler, which included pulled pork, beef brisket, quarter chicken (ie, read leg), and a few ribs. The ribs and chicken were probably our favorites; however I didn't think they were great. They both had some good flavor, but were a little lacking. The pulled pork was very bland and the fattiest pulled pork I've ever had; however, it was really moist. The beef brisket was very bland as well. I was expecting it to have a crust of seasoning.My final complaint is that the portions are a bit small for the price. I would try this place again, but I know there is better BBQ around.
5	Ahhhh!! Real-life Southern barbecue!! Oh me oh my. I felt like I was taking the pork right off of a big ol' pig on a grill and listening to bluegrass with my barefeet in the grass.Now I'm not talking delicious-super-fancy-hoity-toity delicious, I'm talking about authentic, good, solid, food.I would have gone with 4 stars except the service is amazing. The owner -- he's friendlier and better with names than I am -- talked with us in detail about which sauce we should choose, and let us sample his sides before choosing one.I don't normally go to too many restaurants more than once or twice, because my budget doesn't allow me to eat out much and I like to try new things. But the owner's friendliness has put this on my go-to list.I had pork sans sandwich with the Georgia-style honey-mustard-based sauce. Mmmmmm. So good. So filling. The coleslaw is purple :)
5	OMG - THIS PLACE CATERS!!!! Avoid the panic and work behind the feeding of a crowd of friends. And this is authentic GEORGIAN smoked barbecue, not the stuff from Kansas and Texas slathered in red sauce and fat. The pulled pork and beef brisquet -- next time I'm going for the smoked tofu block --  arrive warm and moist in oven-friendly tin pans - yet sauce-less because the cool variety of flavors and types are presented on the side - the party folks loved to experiment this way. The meats are accompanied by two sides - they arrive warm in plastic containers for easy transport with tin pans on the side should re-heating be necessary. Although the greens and beans are to die for, the coup d'grace is the "Chilli-Q". Trust me, this is yum yum yummy. For a party crowd this summer, order two meats and two sides, make your own cornbread/coleslaw/macsalad the night before, and share a fabulous no-mess easy cleanup finger licking dining experience. You are sure to repeat such easy entertaining endeavors!
4	I originally visited YinzBurgh in Nov. with some friends, and was there more recently again with someone else.  On my first visit, I ordered the 1/4 chicken, the cornbread, and the macaroni and cheese.  Not being familiar with BBQ, I appreciated the owner's willingness to let us sample the various sauces, as well as some of the less familiar side dishes.  I chose the mustard sauce for the chicken, and found its tanginess really enhanced the flavor of the chicken.  The texture of the chicken itself was pleasantly tender.  The macaroni and cheese was creamy and flavorful, and was one of the better versions of the dish I've sampled in PGH (rating: 8.5/10).  The cornbread, on the other hand, was rather dry and flavorless, unfortunately.On my more recent visit, I ordered a small pulled pork with the vinegar sauce and the black-eyed peas.  (I wanted to order the collards, but they were out as of 5:30pm.)  While the sour-sweetness of the vinegar really enhanced the flavor of the pork, I found the pork to be rather fatty, as another reviewer mentioned.  Though I don't have any other versions to compare them to, I enjoyed the black-eyed peas as a side.  I washed it all down with a cherry Red Ribbon soda, whose sweetness complemented the savoriness of the meal perfectly.Overall, while a bit inconsistent, the quality of the food here is good.  As others have mentioned, the owner is quite friendly and loquacious, and enjoys sharing his passion for BBQ with customers.  I look forward to returning to try the ribs and collards.
4	So nice to find a local bbq place.  As one who spent most of her life in the deep south, it was very refreshing to walk into YinzBurgh and see that this place knows and loves barbecue.  They were even familiar with my hometown barbecue spot!  The staff is incredibly friendly, and I did appreciate the short sauce lesson and explanation of the menu.  Though the pork was a little drier than I would like, it was still a good tasty meal.  I will definitely be back.
4	After a ton of hype, I have to say this joint lived up to my expectations.  I tried the Brisket and Pulled Pork.   The Brisket was moist and broke apart so easily, very succulent.  I drenched in their signature tomato based bbq sauce which was my favorite part of the meal.   The pulled pork was good as well but the brisket was so much better.  I felt the bun on the sandwich could have  been toasted more as it was kind of dry.  I will definitely be back to try their ribs, the customer service was excellent.
5	Amazing. The meat was tender and juicy - between the two of us, we had the brisket, ribs and pulled pork. i hope they patent the sauces - sooo good. Loved the collard greens too, as they were full of flavor.Southern cooking (and hospitality) at its finest.
4	I had a city dining card for a free hoppin' john and I heard nothing but good things about this place so I figured my boyfriend and I would give it a whirl. It was an awesome experience. Right when we walked in the door we were greeted by one of the owners. He asked us if we had ever been there before (which we have not) and then proceeded to explain their southern style BBQ and let us taste test all of the home made BBQ sauces. My boyfriend and I loved the hot mustard and spicy tomato based BBQ sauces. I also really enjoyed the tang at the end of the Carolina vinegar based sauce. I ordered a pulled chicken sandwich, coleslaw, Mac and cheese and the hoppin' john (rice, beans and collard greens mixed). My boyfriend ordered coleslaw and the beef brisket sandwich. Both of our sandwiches were tender and delicious. We both added the coleslaw on top of our sandwiches, which gave them a nice twist. The Mac and cheese was delicious- not too creamy but with a lot of flavor. I loved the coleslaw- it was processed very thin and was packed with flavor. The hoppin' John was delicious as well- I probably wouldn't have ordered it if I didn't have a card for a free one though-I'm not a huge bean fan. The collard greens gave it a nice southern twist. The customer service was great, the food was awesome and I LOVED that they serve vegan and vegetarian options- what other BBQ joint in the burgh offers smoked tofu? My only issue was the bun- it fell apart pretty easy making the sandwich a little difficult to eat. Other than that, it was an awesome experience and I would definitely go back!
5	I was travelling to Pittsburgh and contacted the owner in advance to ask about allergens and gluten. I have celiac disease and eat out with great caution, and he (Richard) answered all of my questions with friendliness and ease.I had a bit of a journey home (5ish hours) and when I came in to order, Richard and his crew packed everything accordingly and gave me instructions on how to re-heat. But that's not all.When I got there, I asked again to double check which things were safe. I follow a strict gluten-free diet, and I'm also a vegan. I was also picking up food for my travel companion (TC), who follows a strict gluten, dairy, egg, and soy-free diet for a disease-related reason--not out of choice.Richard let me taste the sauces that we were able to have (some have dairy) to see which ones we might want. My TC got ribs, chicken, black eyed peas, and collards. I got tofu, black eyed peas, and collards.It was amazing. The tofu...? I never wanted it to end.The black eyed peas were so smooth and rich, and the collards literally melted in my mouth.TC's words: "The chicken and ribs were out of this world delicious, so flavorful and tender. The collards, black eyed peas and dipping sauces were one of a kind. The only negative thing I have to say is, I wish I would have ordered a double order of each! If we're ever in Pittsburgh again, you'll be first on our list.  Keep up the good work!"Seriously, folks. Unlike anything I've ever had.
5	Excellent barbeque, traditional and creative sides; owner prepares with love and skill. Accommodating of food aversions and allergies; many vegan and vegetarian offerings (not just the sides).  Gluten free offerings.  Great ribs, pulled pork, smoked chicken.  Salads are huge, with generous serving of the meat ordered (or barbeque tofu).  My husband is a very picky barbeque fiend and he loved it.  In fact, it was the first taste of real food he had after leaving the hospital and it reminded him he still loved food (just not hospital food).  Orders prepared swiftly, so be ready to head over quick if you phone your order in. We got medium portions of several meats, three side dishes, some cornbread for three people and still had leftovers we ate for two days after.  Got all three sauces, liking the Carolina Vinegar on the pulled pork (which didn't need any, but it was a nice extra kick of flavor), their Signature sauce was not overly spicy, but quite tasty with the chicken or brisket.  The ribs needed nothing added -- fall off the bone tasty.A pulled chicken salad on another day was just huge and so satisfying.  I loved the Honey Gold mustard sauce with that one.Their coleslaw is possibly the best I've had anywhere, ever.  A friend had their smoked tofu and loved it; she never thought she'd be craving anything at a barbeque joint!  It's one of my short list of go-to places when in Pittsburgh/Shadyside area.
5	Ordered the beef brisket and it was amazing. I recommend all the sauce they have on the menu!!
2	I would rate this BBQ 3 stars except for the prohibitive cost which lowers it to 2 stars. I paid $22 for a large entry of Pork & Mac&cheese. It was simply OK. Not as good as I was hoping by the reviews.
5	Loved this place! The owner is super nice and very friendly! The food was amazing! My husband ordered the pulled pork and I ordered the brisket and both were delicious. The sauces are really good too! I am really glad we yelped this place and will be coming back soon.
2	So disappointed! I ordered one meal + sides for pick up...the total should've been around $26 according to their online menu. Somehow the total came to $39?!? The prices were completely different...not to mention the markup because they were out of chicken and substituted brisket. Unfortunately the food didn't make the increase worth it. The ribs were fatty, cornbread was dry, and the pulled pork was bland. One redeeming item was the Mac n cheese. I'm kicking myself for not questioning the pricing when I picked up the meal, but it's water under the bridge.
5	Wow. It really doesn't get much better than this place. I'm from CNY where we have a pretty well regarded BBQ joint (Dinosaur) and my husband is from North Carolina and grew up eating tons of southern BBQ. We were bound to be tough critics. Part of my deal is I haven't eaten meat in over 10 years so my recent history with BBQ has been, well basically non-existent. Holy cow was I pumped when I found out how vegetarian friendly this place was. BBQ places in Pittsburgh are quite rare but one that has vegetarian options...shut the front door. It was too good to be true. My husband and I, hungry for lunch and settling in for a night of drinking, thought it was as good a time as any to make our inaugural trip to YinzBurgh. We're sad we didn't go sooner. Upon walking in we were asked if it was our first time there. We confirmed it was and we were given a detailed tasting tour of all the sauces. I'm a pretty picky eater (I know right, the vegetarian is a picky eater?! no one saw that coming) but I legitimately loved all of the sauces. I really am easily annoyed when talked down to but the owner did such a great job of giving us tons of information without talking to us like we were stupid. It was a treat just tasting all of the sauces. We then placed our orders. I went with the tofu block and mac and cheese. I got to pick three sauces that went with the tofu. Seriously, delicious and fun! As our food was prepared we talked a bit with the owner. Such a nice friendly Southerner, really enjoyed him. We got our food home and dove right in. The tofu was seriously amazing. I went with the KC sauce for it and holy crap, it was out of this world. The tofu was moist and flavorful. And the KC sauce with it was amazing. So much BBQ deliciousness in my mouth. It was heavenly, I inhaled it. The mac and cheese was sooo good. It was cheesy and rich. It was the ideal BBQ mac and cheese. I ate way too much of it. It was a touch on the pricey side but it was worth every penny in my book. I'd go back as often as possible. Especially recommend for vegetarians, not very often that we're able to enjoy the smoky deliciousness of BBQ. Go eat here!
5	Amazing place. The owner is extremely knowledgeable and passionate about his bbq. Very very vegetarian and vegan friendly. Definitely recommend the tofu.
5	Hands dow the best BBQ I've had! The owners are some of the nicest people I've ever had the chance to talk to. They really take pride in their food and sauces.
5	This place always delivers. The staff is very friendly and helpful, and the food doesn't disappoint. I usually get the ribs and the hot honey mustard sauce. Check it out.
5	Delicious barbecue reminiscent of states down south. Smoked in house with a selection of house-made sauces diverse and delicious enough to please anyone. While other places think BBQ ends at slow-cooker pulled pork slopped on a bun with FMV sauce, this place knows what real BBQ is.
5	Yinzburg BBQ is one place my husband, a meat-lover, and I, a vegan, can always happily agree on! The tofu q-rito is excellent. It's a generous serving, and the leftovers make for a great next-day lunch. My husband loves the chicken and the macaroni and cheese. The homemade BBQ sauces are so delicious, I really hope they start bottling them someday! This place truly has something for everyone.
4	Absolutely amazing. Meat speaks for itself. Friendly service as well. Definitely stopping by again next time I'm in the Pitt area.
3	Great pulled pork, but very pricey!
