4	Word to the wise.  Don't bring your Meg Ryan-like friend (who's allergic to seafood and nuts) to Roy's.  That small detail didn't occur to me at the time, until perusing the menu and realizing that almost everything includes seafood or is cooked in coconut oil or offered with a peanut sauce.  Oopsies.  But on the bright side I had most of the appetizers (sushi, satay and grilled shrimp) to myself.  Meanwhile my friend loaded up on rice and edamame and drank most of the bottle of chardonnay (in an ice bucket, btw) -- which funny enough made him pretty drunk by the end of dinner.I really dig this Roy's and Roy's in general.  It reminds me of a fancy version of Kona Grill - more uptown, sedate, but not stuffy either.   And of course, I dig the dramatic entrance to the Marriott Desert Ridge and lofty lobby and staircases.  Very classy, but again -- not stuffy. The open kitchen is a nice touch.  Something about open kitchens in restaurants always get extra points with me -- suggesting that the restaurant has nothing to hide, perhaps.   I ordered the grilled salmon and ponzu sauce with was grilled perfectly and the sauce giving it added flavor and oomph.  If you're a chocoholic or a dessert person, be sure to order the chocolate lava souffle in advance and save room - supposedly it's out of this world.
5	I have never eaten at Roy's before, and I was NOT disappointed!!!For dinner, I had the blue cheese encrusted Salmon with white and green asparagus (as did one of my dinner companions), and the other had the Mahi-Mahi.  We were all very pleased.  My friend and I who ordered the salmon found ourselves wanting to lick the sauce off the plate.  The salmon was perfectly cooked with a slight crispy edge.For desert, my friend had a chocolate martini and I a hazelnut martini.  Both were yummmm-oooo!Plus, between the 3 of use we ordered the pineapple upside down cake, served with coconut ice cream, the chocolate souffle served with vanilla ice cream (the gooey center of this souffle was finger licking good), the creme brule, and the fruit tart with blueberry lavender ice cream (this was AMAZING ice cream).  You practically had to roll us out of there because these were all the next best thing to great sex.Service was excellent and all was well worth the price.GOOOOOO!!!!
5	Wow. Wow Freakin' Wow.I have never, ever had such a perfect dining experience from the minute they greet you, learn your name, cater to your every need, and give you FABULOUS, beautifully prepared food since...well, NEVER. I must say I did do my research, so I did know what I wanted to try and even though I kind of expected the JW Marriott to be more of a snooty place, I felt it would be closest to my house and wanted to find out for myself what all the hoopla was about this Roy person and his fish.I went with my friend Amy who was visiting from New York. She had been to Roy's before and is a fellow foodie. We got to the restaurant early and went outside on the immense patio area to sit and have a drink. It's December so a bit chilly but the HUGE, soft patio furniture was extremely cozy and we sat and had $20 martinis (LOADED with vodka. Warning: We had to ask for more fruit juice! And we are major drinkers - just gotta throw that in there.) Our waitress on the patio could not have been more accomodating and she even brought us new martinis even though we drank quite a bit of our strong ones. I am a people watcher and it was nice to see that there was an assortment of people sitting on the furniture, some of them looked like they could be relatives of mine, enjoying the late afternoon, reading, conversing....well, if I HAD any rich or classy relatives, that is. It was very nice and relaxing. Plus the Mariott property is stunning and I wish I could have looked around the property more than we did.When we meandered inside for dinner, the hostess greeted us by name and our server showed us to our table. She was very competent, could make recommendations, and was pleasant without being clingy. We loved her. She reminded me of Joan Cusack. Sounded just like her!The complimentary appetizer of lightly spiced, steamed edamame was delightful and even though they gave us warmed wet washcloths we were complete heathens and ate with our hands without ever using them.We shared the Roy's Canoe for Two, which had Lobster potstickers, Beef Satay, shrimp on a stick (not its real name), and Tuna Sushi Rolls. I must say - the Lobster potstickers - better than sex. The Beef satay was basically this ultra-tender beef on a stick, lightly flavored and grilled. Fabulous. But the pinnacle of perfection here was the Tuna sushi rolls, which absolutely knocked our socks off. I have never, ever had such an amazing piece of sushi before that moment. I think our  server, Joan Cusack (Not her real name) thought I was choking because as I ate it, my eyes were rolling back into my head in ecstacy.  She bustled over and once she got closer she could see she was merely interrupting a very intimate moment with me and my tuna roll and she went back to her post after giving me a thumbs-up sign. For whatever reason, these tuna sushi rolls were encrusted in what may have been macadamia nuts and it was completely divine. I re-live that moment over and over. MMM.But you know, the showstopper was STILL yet to come. I could not believe my luck when my Roy's Trio was placed in front of me. It was a piece of Hawaiian butterfish in Miso sauce, a piece of Seared Ahi, and a piece of salmon. The poor salmon! It was the best salmon I ever had out, but next to those two it was like Cinderella's ugly stepsister. Just upstaged by the butterfish, which is melt-in-your mouth decadence, and the seared ahi - which surpassed the tuna roll I just got done fantasizing about as the most perfect piece of sushi EVER.Amy got the butterfish. We licked our plates clean. Amy tried my Ahi and declared it, like I did, the BEST seared Ahi on the planet.For dessert, you KNOW I had to have the molten chocolate souffle. How good was it?? Brad Pitt could have walked up naked to our table and I would not have looked up long enough to stop shoveling it into my face.Amy ordered the 3 creme brulees - one had a Hawaiian orchid on it, and they were not only lovely but they tasted amazing. The coconut one was so fresh and it made me think that THIS is what every coconut cream pie in the world needs to taste like. I think the other flavors are vanilla bean (very good too) and maybe rum? (also very good) It may not sound like I am doing the dessert justice but when you've been kissing George Clooney for an hour then along comes Rick Springfield, which one is better? They are both amazing, but by the time Rick comes along, well, you're kind of spoiled already.Roy's could not have been better - this entire experience was an A++ through and through. The staff was extremely helpful (someone walked me to the ladies room when I merely asked where it was) (Oh and need I mention the corwn molding in the bathroom stalls was nicer than the crown molding in my house???) (And you know you are in a classy joint when a basket of tampons and maxi-pads is out on the marble bathroom counter, like party favors for down under)THUMBS WAY UP!!!
4	Celebrated my birthday here with 16 of my closest friends & family. Not only were we late for our reservations, but we were pressed for time because my aunts had a flight to catch right after. The staff was superb in meeting our needs, the food was delicious, the ambiance was beautiful (especially overlooking the pool area of the resort) and my young niece & nephews were well taken care of. The prix fixe menu is a good deal, the bowl of corn chowder easily serves 2-3, and the chocolate souffle was to-die for, like always! They were even so kind as to write "Happy Birthday, Jennifer" in chocolate on the rim of my (complimentary) bday cake plate.
4	I suppose I am a little biased when it comes to rating Roy's because I am a huge fan of fusion restaurants, but Roy's still takes the cake especially the one in Phoenix. The menu is created daily and is always very creative. The chefs do an amazing job of combining different flavors so that they complement, but don't overpower, each other. The only reason I am giving them four stars instead of five is because the quality at the other locations hasn't been quite the same as the Phoenix one. But for anyone who loves fusion, I highly recommend this place.
5	I'm not a chocolate person (I know there must be something wrong with me), but their chocolate souffle is h-e-a-v-e-n-l-y!!!  I go there now just for that and their martini's....oh and the outdoor resort atmosphere!!!  Pair that with great company (**wink wink**)...and you have the perfect evening!!
5	Great food, incredible service! The waiters are like magic. You never get below a half of the drink in your glass. High priced, small portions but amazing quality and flavor. Have to try at least once. Don't forget to try the chocolate desert!
5	Roy's defines all that is good about fine dining. In fine dining it is about more than just good food. It is the entire experience, which I have everytime I go there. The food is magnificent, the Lakinilau roll (I doubt I spelled that right) is to DIE FOR! The entrees are always magnificent, they have the best sushi chef in the valley. The desserts are amazing, try any of the special creme brulee's or their signature chocolate souflee.Besides the food, the staff always makes our night memorable and delicious! The service staff are on top of everything and the management always make every attempt to keep us happy. Many times I will just come in to sit at the bar for cocktails (yummy Hawaiian Martini) and appetizers!I love Roy's!
3	Food was very good and consistent with the other times we've eaten at Roy's in other cities. But the wait for the food took a LONG time! This restaurant is located inside the Marriott resort. Beautifully decorated with indoor and outdoor seating.
5	Roy's is a perennial favorite on my hit parade.  When restaurant week occasioned itself upon us, I saw Roy's on the list and said let's go!There are two things that make for a great restaurant:  1.)  product (the food), 2.) process (the experience).From the moment we walked in the place, every single member of the Roy's team went out of their way to make us feel like royalty.  Secondly, the moment we sat down, a very deliberate system came into play that leaves you feeling very well cared for.This is what the experience should be like!  The setting was beautiful, and the food was out of this world.And....of course...the chocolate souffle.  If it were possible for one's mouth to experience an orgasm, Roy's chocolate souffle would be the ticket.Great job Roy's!
4	Technically, Roy's is outside the northern boundary of which I would drive for a meal, but since it was to be a free meal and I wouldn't be doing the driving, how could I say no?  It is a chain, but in Roy's defense, the majority of the menu items are created by the local chefs with only a portion of the menu available at all restaurants.  Roy's is billed as Hawaiian fusion, but my first thought was "oh no, there's sushi on the menu, I won't like this place."  I am happy to say I was wrong.  Don't let my husband read this.  He thinks I'm never wrong.My husband also always says I'm stuck in the 80's, so I ordered the 1988 cocktail (grapefruit and pomegranate with a grapefruit vodka and lychee liqueur).  Since I was the lone drinker, I stuck with one, but could have easily had 2 or 3 more of these, especially with a little Duran Duran background music.  We started with Roy's Canoe Appetizer for Two, adjusted for three.  It includes lobster potstickers and teppanyaki shrimp, both of which were really good.  Also on the boat were Thai beef satay and spicy tuna roll, neither of which I tried.  My husband vouched for the tuna roll, however.Next up was the grilled endive, apple, and bleu cheese salad with pomegranate vinaigrette.  If you're a salad lover, you would probably love it.  If you're a salad hater, you would probably love it, too.  For my entree, the pancetta crusted Alaskan halibut with tomatoes and chevre, mushroom ravioli.  This, too, was fantastic, although there was a little too much oil on the plate, maybe from the pancetta??  But the fish was nicely prepared and the ravioli was excellent.My husband insisted on the chocolate souffle which must be ordered at the start of your meal, but due to a glitch with our pregnant server needing a bathroom break, it didn't get put in early enough.  We waited and were given a starter dessert on the house, and both the server and the gal who forgot to put the order in both profusely apologized.  Hey, I would gladly welcome another screw up if a second dessert was involved.  The souffle was lick your plate good and the blueberry tart (I think that was the name of it) was incredibly good as well.  So good, I may have to break my driving rule and have dessert there again.Probably 4.5 stars, but I'm feeling stingy today.
5	When it comes to eating at restaurants owned by famous chefs there is a chance of being let down. Maybe it's the high expectations, the even higher prices, or just the wait that comes with going to a high profile restaurant.  I'm pleased to say that this time the experience matched the expectations and I had one of the best meals I have had in years. My mother is in town from Oklahoma and we sat on the patio and with the weather starting to cool was great. There was a fire pit, many torches, and a guy playing acoustic guitar which set a nice relaxing atmosphere. We had the bento box, and the California roll for appetizers. the roll was good and the crab meat was fresh. but the bento box was great. It has braised short ribs, pot stickers, a couple pieces of spicy tuna roll and shrimp skewers. The ribs had a nice balance of teriyaki and smoke and came right off the bone and were delicious. My mom got the butter fish and I had the Roy's trio which had butter fish, salmon, and tuna. All three fish were excellent and well seasoned but that butter fish was amazing. It was my first time to have the fish and it was buttery, had zero fishy taste and was just delicious. for dessert we shared the blueberry tart with lavender ice cream. Again, just great. the blueberries were ripe, the ice cream was creamy and refreshing, and the presentation was superb. in conclusion, i have nothing bad to say about Roy's. I think if I had to use a word to describe the food it would be balance. Everything plays well off of each other. My mother said it was the best meal she has had in years and I have to agree. The bar was set high, but Roy's knocked it out of the park.
2	Never in a gazillion years would I expect to take people to a Roy's and have a bad food experience - pigs are flying. I took some employees and their spouses out for a year end thank-you dinner. While the lobster potstickers and spicy tuna appetizers were great, that's where the good part of the meal ended. My butterfish, usually mouth watering yumminess was so-so and served with white rice. Other dishes at the table like the swordfish and petite filet were dry and flavorless.I'd prefer not to delve more into the embarassment that was this dining experience....needless to say I have since eaten at the Chandler Roy's and had my faith restored - but I pressed my luck at the JW location and pulled up a big Whammy.
2	My DH & I  went for our anniversary last night, 03/27/10. The staff were friendly when we arrived and told us "Happy Anniversary", we received a card, as well. We went with their winter 3 course menu for $35. I got the lettuce wraps, tiger shrimp, and chocolate souffle. My husband got the rock shrimp tempura, salmon, and guava tart. Both of our appetizers were ok, nothing special. The entrees were about the same, nothing special, the shrimp were overcooked, and the salmon had too much sauce on it, you couldn't taste the salmon, the ingredients were good, but the way they prepared both entrees, were not very good. The highlight of the evening were the desserts, they were both good! We've been to Roy's before, and we enjoyed our experience, so this was a complete disappointment.  Last year we went to Noca, and the food and experience was much better.
2	My husband and I recently went to Roy's while staying at the JW.  I had read the other reviews on Yelp, and thought it would make for a nice evening.  What a complete disappointment!  The food was NOT good, and the price tag only made matters worse.  I had the blackened ahi, which was served with a lump of flavorless, cold white rice.  My husband, who is not a fish eater, went for the chicken breast, which was also cold and remarkably bland. Luckily, the meal was preceeded by a nice, strong martini, and excellent service, which is the only reason this review is landing two stars instead of one.
2	Roy's is suppose to be good. And being my first experience here, it was just TERRIBLE. It was a fusion of untasteful flavors that was just disappointing. Starting with the drinks, the fruit drinks tasted very off in flavor...chemical flavors, man! Our entire party thought the food was mediocre and quite below par. I ordered the Szechuan Peppercorn Salmon dish with garlic rice and bak choy. My expectations was a very spicy and tasty dish. But instead, the berry toppings were overcooked and the salmon tasted like something I could make at home. The appetizer platter we tried had a sweet and sour sauce, but it tasted more sour than anything. Eww! Maybe that evening's head chef didn't feel like cooking, but man the food was just bad. Would this deter me from another visit to Roy's? No. But if I experience it again, Roy's will be off my list.
4	We went to Roy's for a special occasion dinner and started at their Aloha Hour. For $5 each, we got lobster pot stickers (3), Beef Skewers (3 single bites) with Kimchee Cucumber Salad. I had the 1988 with Grapefruit juice, pomegranate and lychee...YUM. My husband had a Mai Tai and wasn't overly thrilled with it. It was all yellow and not overly tasty (just pineappley). We each ordered a glass of wine to take with us for dinner ($5 vs. $15 on the dinner menu...getting it there was much more cost-effective). The staff was very friendly. They surprisingly got very busy all at once, so there were some delays in service but we were in no rush so didn't mind. The seafood was very tasty. Portions are on the small side though. One item in my seafood sampler was not as it should have been (stuffed shrimp arrived empty!). The waiter asked the chef about it and tried to convince me it was really there but just on the outside which was irritating because it clearly wasn't. So, the chef gave me a blob of stuffing on the side. A little odd, but at least some effort was made to make it right. The Chocolate souffle is certainly worth the $10.50 and 20 minute prep time. THE BEST. If you want a little tropical getaway, it's a great place to go. Expect it to be a bit pricey (if not doing Aloha Hour) and portion sizes a little small, but the tastes are very large and worth it and they do make special occasions special!
4	For starters, the crispy rolls were great. I also enjoyed the steak. Go at night and sit outside - the tiki torches give the place a great atmosphere!
5	Awesome
4	I have now been to 3 different Roys across the country.  I did enjoy my meal at this Roys.  Probably one of the better places to get fresh Hawaiian based seafood in the middle of the desert.I partook of the Swordfish off the main menu this time along with an appetizer and some dessert.The lobster potstickers were excellent.  The lobster meat was tender and succulent with a crisp wrap.  Probably the best seafood potsticker I have had outside of a specialized dim sum restaurant.The swordfish was dense and meaty.  While good the artichoke filling (different from the web based menu) was not to the quality I was expecting.  Although maybe this is just regression to the mean taking effect.The pineapple upside down cake was excellent, but needs to be ordered during your meal so it is ready.  The cake was a nice tight crumb and dense enough to support the pineapple without being dry or gooey.  The pineapple was juicy and flavorful with a sweet sauce surrounding it that highlighted the flavor.I did enjoy my dinner but have had better meals at another Roys, this maybe due to the swordfish comparing to the misoyaki butterfish.The service was good with friendly and quick staff.  i would return to this particular Roys without hesitation and Roys in general.
3	The food here is great... so long as you are getting the proper service to go wtih it.  When your service sucks, it tends to leave a bad taste in your mouth which doesn't make the food very appealing.We've been here a couple of times and even gone to the one on the Big Island in Hawaii because we like one thing so much... The Lobster Potstickers.  I'd give Roy's a 5-star just for those because they are sooooo delicious.  The first time we came we fell in love with that appetizer by itself and just enjoyed the other items we ordered (sushi / steak).The second time we went there, the service was absolutely terrible to the point where I complained about it to the manager and he asked, "so what do you want me to do about it?"  Needless to say that if I were a different person I would have walked out on my meal and told him to enjoy paying for my meals but I swallowed my pride and paid our $150 tab and even gave a tip.  I just won't be going back anytime soon...*high five cocky manager*So great food... terrible service 2/3 times I've gone.
2	Apparently I am not getting this place. The service was eh (my younger friend and I didn't look like we were flashing dough I guess, despite a large bill) and really, I've had better food MUCH MUCH cheaper elsewhere.My friend and I went there recently. We had a giftcard and she heard it was a great place. It was gorgeous, I'll give it that. The prices are outrageous for the portions. It is very arty and portions were tiny. I am a small person who doesn't eat alot, but I left hungry after a $30+ dinner!!!I had the scallops, which were good, but there were literally 5 scallops, 2 TINY breaded mushrooms and a cake of rice, about the size of a half deck of cards. WTF?  The only thing appealing about dinner was the basil strawberry margarita. Sorry, I just can't recommend that you come to this place, unless you love spending tons of money on tiny portions!
4	I HATE chain restaurants.  No matter how much people tell me how great they are, I feel like I'm getting something ordinary.This is soooo not true with Roy's.  Each restaurant carries the vibe of the city it's in.  The SF Roy's pulls you in from Mission street with the copper topped bar and two level open dining room.  It pulsates with the City vibe, but has just enough of the Hawaiian undercurrant to remind you where you are eating.  The Phoenix location has FLW influenced touches and feels both contemporary and familiar.The same goes with the food.  I've had a half dozen dishes on the menu, and while I hate to say it, everything is good here.  I'm partial to short ribs and their's are the version I compare others against: fork tender with a rich sauce, not fatty or tough and resting on a bed of mashed potatoes that manage to be creamy without being dense.  Seafood is a specialty.  Their seared tuna comes with a wasabi and a mustard sauce and both complement this delicious dish.  For a great value, order off the seasonal Prix fix menu. On my last visit, we ordered one prix fix and two appitizers for my husband and I.  There's was more than enough food and we were able to try a wider variety of dishes.  Oh, and the shrimp risotto app came with two monster shrimps, perfectly cooked, of course.  We also got the seared scallops, divine in a lemongrass cream sauce.Service is a standout here.  No matter what you ask for the staff are attentive without being overbearing.  I always feel like a welcome guest when dining here.  And just to be clear, we are not big spenders, but I feel like a high roller no matter what we order.Bottom line; Roy's is one of the best chains around.
5	Can we say LOVE at first bite? Oh yes we can.My parents and I recently visited Roy's while visiting Phoenix. I had been to the Roy's in Anaheim, CA and enjoyed it very much. However, this experience was worth writing about. My husband made the reservation for us and indicated that we were celebrating my graduation. Although we were late, we were seated promptly and had excellent service. We were given edamame and it was just wonderful. I ate it all myself and really enjoyed it, I would say it tops my edamame list for sure. Then I had the short ribs with mashed potatoes and they were heavenly. They basically melted in my mouth and the short ribs were just so tender and perfect. I did not want my meal to end. After we were done, the waiter (who was excellent) brought out a small dessert for me with congratulations written in chocolate (which made it even better) and it was excellent. The staff then offered to get a picture of us and returned promptly with a copy (which actually is a very good picture).Overall, I really enjoyed the experience at this Roy's location. From the food to the service to the ambiance, it was just fabulous.... even though there were a few crazy drunk people at the bar!
5	When my husband and I were thinking of a place to celebrate our wedding anniversary, we thought of Roy's, since we were married in Hawaii. It was one of the best decisions that I have ever made.  This was one of the best dining experiences that I've ever had.First, their Aloha hour drinks are delicious! I could feel the warm ocean breeze as I sipped my Hawaiian martini and my hubby drank his Mai Tai (for only 5 bucks! Everything on the happy hour is only $5).  We dominated the happy hour. Everything was delicious, especially wagyu sliders and the ahi roll. YUM.For dinner, I had the sea bass which was AMAZING. The husband had surf and turf- lobster tail and filet mignon. It was cooked and seasoned to perfection.For dessert, we had a rich chocolate cake that they brought to us for our anniversary. We had the best time.The service was outstanding. We sat at the bar and had a wonderful time with our bartender Larry. Since this Roy's was inside a hotel, it had a great, relaxed atmosphere.We've since been to other Roy's locations, and they were NOT as good (even the Roy's in San Fransisco!). I can't wait until we can go back!!! If you get a chance, come here for Aloha hour. You will not be disappointed.
4	I'm a slacker and didn't get any reservations in to the local restaurants I've been wanting to try for Arizona Restaurant Week. However, when I gathered some friends to decide on a night out, Roy's still had plenty of openings (not necessarily a good sign, but they have a large dining area). Now, I've been to Roy's a few times and they never disappoint, but I've been VERY spoiled with local, fresh, non-chain faire lately, so I wasn't expecting much.The choices for restaurant week were quite good. I started with the scallops, which were a bit bland, but good quality scallops and veggies. I also had a Cucumber Basil Collins... the cucumber basil combination is my current favorite for cocktails and this held up quite well. My petite filet showed up and everyone commented "oh, it's so cute!" That's code for "it's tiny!!" However small the steak, the poblano mashed potatoes had a balanced kick, the red wine sauce brought the filet up a notch, and I was perfectly satisfied. What was supremely killer was the flourless chocolate souffle. I had remembered that Roy's does dessert like nobody's business, so I ordered a little glass of extraordinary port (Justin's Obtuse; I was excited to see it on-hand!) and went into fully food-induced orgasm mode. One touch from the fork and the souffle exploded with a flood of chocolate goodness, which went perfectly with the ice cream and drizzle of berry sauce... only to be elevated by the richness of the port.Food aside, what impressed me most about Roy's was the service. Every member of the staff greeted us as we entered and departed. The host graciously offered to have the bar tab transferred to the table when our entire party arrived. Our waitress was full of personality and provided incredibly detailed descriptions of each dish. And when dinner wrapped up, they even offered to have our valet cards validated and our cars brought around front for us... nothing tops off a beautiful evening like having your car waiting out front when you finally decide to meander outside.While I'm a confessed food snob, we'll certainly visit Roy's again... and it may become a special treat for happy hour now that the weather is nice; the cocktails are top-notch, their specials are a good deal, and the patio at Desert Ridge looks divine!
5	Haven't been to Roy's in years and what was i thinking?  It was sooo good.  We went for restaurant week but added on some items.  Started with their speciality Hawaiian Martini, very pineapple, good but liked the wine list and the choices more!  We had the calamari as an extra app before we did the pre-fix menu.  YUM!  Then had the scallops, so good but very small, maybe b/c of the restaurant week special.  My mom had the tomato and aspargus, simple but good.  i then had the petite fliet cooked to perfection!!!!  Mom had the trout said it was great!  She kept thinking it was Salmon though....i stole some of her cous-cous, sooo good.  We finished with the flourless chocolate cake.  So rich but so good.  I bet if i could have the ice cream with it it wouldn't be so rich, but who cares!  Over all a GREAT meal.  Mom said best she had all restaurant week.
4	We were staying at the Marriott Canyon Villas and went to Roys for Happy Hour.  Between 4:00 - 6:00 Roys has a great Happy Hour.  $5.00 drinks, including their Hawaiian martinis and $5.00 appetizers.  We had lobster pot stickers, tuna sushi, and California rolls.  All were delicious.  I've never eaten a meal at the restaurant but if you want a nice little buzz and a pretty full stomach in a lovely environment on a pauper's budget, this IS the place.  Don't miss it if you are nearby.
5	Although Roys are everywhere, I never had an opportunity to go until recently when we were vacationing in Arizona. I love this place!  When we arrived, we were early enough to catch the tail end of happy hour which means that for $5.00 each, I got to try the Hawaiian martini, lobster potstickers, and cucumber and cilantro martini.  Everything was so damn good!Once we sat down, we received edamame, compliments of the chef.  I wasn't a huge fan of the seasoning on it.  I kind of prefer rock salt.I ordered the surf and turf for dinner.  Again, it was amazing, although the lobster was lobster claws, not a tail, which was kind of disappointing.For desert, we ordered the molten lava cake, which was phenomenal.  I would definitely go back!
2	I always enjoy going to the JW Marriott Desert Ridge so we decided to stop by the hotel and have a drink by the fire after dinner.  We found a spot outside Roy's patio area.  Their outside firepit area gets a "5 star" but it's hard to give the staff that waited on us any type of compliment.  We waited at least 10 minutes before anyone even noticed us and there were plenty of servers outside.  Our group had to flag a waiter down to wait on us only to tell us, "he would find someone".  After another 5 minutes we had to just about "beg" someone to take our drink order.  When the waiter finally took our order he acted like he was doing us a favor.  The cosmos were good but servicde is something to be desired.
4	I was told that Roy's at the JW Marriott has a great HH (Aloha Hour) so we decided to check it out on Monday. I was surprised of the drink selection offered - all mix drinks including Roy"s signature drinks were $5.00 each and selected beers are $3.00 each. In addition, the AHH selection of food had a nice variety. I started off with lobster potsickers, lobster roll and salt and pepper calamari. I ordered a pomegranate mojito with patron tequila which was delish. I then ordered Wygu sliders with sweet potato fries and the ahi crunch roll and another mojito. This is one of the best HH I've been to, we left totally full and satified.I really recomend Roy"s for Aloha Happy Hour you can't go wrong!
1	We had a pleasant time for Aloha here on Monday so we  attempted to have dinner here on Christmas eve. The maitre d said we would be seated in 15 minutes or less. We waited a good 25 minutes before she informed us the table had not been setup yet and she could only seat us outside or wait longer. OMG! Sorry young lady, located  at the JW Marriott which has several dinning options we got up and walked out! Maybe this is one of reasons why they have closed down the Scottsdale location!
5	I have never been disappointed when I eat at Roy's. The menu has pretty much been the same for years, as it should be, because it's perfect. If you have food allergies, they are probably the most accommodating of any place I've ever been to, which makes it all the more worth it. They have a huge drink menu as well, but the 1988 Martini is fantastic. Sit out on the patio if the weather's nice, it's very relaxing. The appetizer canoe is the best way to start the meal: the Szechwan ribs, lobster pot stickers (from what I remember before I found out that I'm gluten intolerant) and the seared ahi are all awesome. From the entrees I've had over the years, I can say that they are all delightful. The sauces are what really make the dishes stand out, which is probably why Roy's is known for having really great sauces that compliment the dishes well. The molten hot chocolate souffle is to die for though. My family goes to Roy's only once a year for my parents' anniversary, and that souffle is what I look forward to all year. I just had it on Friday, and I already want another one. The service is great too. Our waiter was very attentive to us and we had a great time.
5	Super amazing service and an absolutely delicious menu!
5	Excellent happy hour! Having just moved to the area I have been searching for a location with quality food and tasty beer options with reasonable happy hour prices. Found it!! $5 apps, which I tried 4 of the 6 and haven't decided which I liked the best, as its a tough decision. Kona brewing co. Fire Rock pale for $3... yes please, and may I have another. Check it out! And maybe I'll see you belly up... pull up a stool!
4	I took my wife for Valentine's day, she had the Hawaiin snapper, and I had the butterfish. Both were fresh and excellent. The appetizers were crab sushi roll and Kobe beef. The soup was lobster bisque. The dessert was molten chocolate cake. All were fantastic. They only had a fixed price menu, and my total bill for 2, including tip, came to $185. I had one glass of wine, and coffee. This was the most I have ever spent in a restaurant, and while the food, ambience and service were supurb, I don't think I will be returning soon, since I don't have money to burn. However, if cost is no object, I highly recommend this place!
5	Definitely a gastronomic delight. Ciopino was a surprise, not much broth but lotsa flavor. Save room for the to~die~for chocolate souffle.
5	We are never disappointed!  We've been to 5 Roy's so far and have told many of our friends and family who have come away with great reviews!Many love the butterfish, shortribs, lobster gyoza (potstickers),  and souffle! Many more!!!  On this trip, this group had a convention.  So as usual, we made reservations for the one night, we could take our friends.  We ordered drinks, two bottles of wine, and a 'Canoe' with all the favorite things I love to eat there!  For dinner, 2 of us ordered the butterfish and the other two ordered the ribs!  For dessert, I asked the waiter, if he could start a souffle and mentioned that one of our friends had a birthday coming up.  So he brought a very tiny (two bite piece of cake) with "Happy Birthday" scribbled in chocolate on the plate!  Oh, a candle of course!Always onolicious!  Mahalo, Roy's, for the great kaukau!
5	We have been here several times and each time has been excellent. Our first time was in Hawaii and we were happy to see one in phoenix.         Me and my Fiancee had a four course Valentine's day dinner here. Dinner was great.  Food was timed right and our server was on top of it.   Our server sent us a personal handwritten post card thanking us.  Dinner came to be a little over $200 with drinks, so yes its pricey, but my fiancee and I loved it so it was worth it.
2	A few coworkers & I were in Phoenix over Valentine's Day, and we paid a visit to Roys that night. I will preface this review by letting you know that my individual bill at Roys was over 90$ and I didn't even order a cocktail. The restaurant is fancy, upscale, expensive, romantic, etc. The type of place people might visit on a *special occasion.*I fully understand the type of offerings this restaurant has and nowhere in print has this restaurant claimed to be veg-friendly, however I was extremely disappointed at the response I got when I requested a vegetarian meal. I was offered pasta & artichoke. (This may not sound cliche if you are not a vegetarian, however if you are you know that hotels and restaurants OFTEN offer pasta due to a lack of knowledge and/or creativity) Do you meat eaters and chefs think that's all we eat? Bunny food?While my co-workers thought that food was decent, delicious, I was borderline miserable. With a claim like this...."Chef Roy has created many signature dishes that have become international favorites through the years. Many of these are featured on our menus throughout the country in addition to the uniquely designed offerings created by our local Chef partners, each of whom has been trained under the tutelage of Roy Yamaguchi himself.".....you'd think this guy could come up with something more than just pasta for someone who doesn't want to eat seafood.....
5	Another trip to Arizona and another trip to Roy's. Certainly a different experience than I had the last time. Friends were talking about the "Aloha Happy Hour" from 4 to 6 pm so we stopped by. Their outside patio is probably one of the nicest spots in town. Everything on the happy hour appetizer menu is $5 and trust me my party tried them all. They also have a special 'cocktail" menu (everything is $5) if you are looking to expand beyond wine and beer. Happy hour can include anything from crispy lobster potstickers, lobster spring rolls to mini burgers or tenderloin tips. All delicious and certainly enough to fill even a hearty appetite. Our server "Rebecca" was not only very attentive but also very knowledgeable and helpful in making our menu and drink selections. A sure "winner" and probably one of the best deals in town.
2	We have been a fan of Roy's for many years whether it's been one of their restaurants in Hawaii, Chicago, or elsewhere.   We have also been to this Roy's at the JW Marriott twice before and have never been disappointed.  However, we went with friends last night and the food was terribly disappointing!  One of their best dishes has always been the butter fish and we looked forward to it all day .... so much so that  3 of us ordered it.  The sauce was too salty and lacked depth and complexity.   It tasted like it was made by an amateur and not up to par with an entree that costs $31.  In fact, it tasted very close to the overly salty teriyaki sauce you get in bottle at the grocery store with cornstarch added to it.  Even the presentation was sloppy.  The cuts of fish were not uniform and thinner than we remember.  Then it was just plopped on a messy glob of Japanese rice that was saturated with that terrible sauce.  The single stem of Shanghai bok choy was lacking a leaf portion.  We know it's only one dish, but it's a signature dish of Roy's and should set the standard for the other dishes.  Hopefully, this  is isolated to this Roy's and not indicative of their other restaurants.
2	It had that look of a hotel restaurant and the two sullen girls at the hostess station couldn't seem to decide who would least like to seat us. Finally we were shown to the smallest table they could find in the half-empty restaurant. And from there it went downhill. it was not what I've come to expect from Roy's.The drinks. My son enjoyed the Hawaiian martini. I had the mai tai. Unfortunately, I know what a mai tai is supposed to taste like. And this one lacked the real fruit flavor and the proper liquor counterpoint. It was too sweet and syrupy. They remade it for me and it was equally as bad.The appetizers. The pork ribs were a little smoky for me, but were meaty and well cooked and the glaze was tasty. But I don't know what they were trying to accomplish with the short rib bi bim bap. The short rib itself was over marinated and had an awful pasty texture. The confusing and ill-conceived combination of ingredients bore little relation to the wonderful texture and seasoning of a properly made bi bim bap. A deconstructed fusion gone wrong.We each ordered Roy's trio, but can only give them one out of three for edibility. The salmon which we ordered medium rare was overcooked and not all that fresh. The blackened ahi was cold in spots and warm in spots. It may have been prepared in advance, frozen and partially thawed. That's just a guess. I'm not sure exactly how they screwed it up. The butterfish was tasty and had good texture. That said, the sauce was so cloyingly intense I could not have eaten a full portion.We didn't risk dessert. Roy, you need to visit Phoenix and see what they've done to your food and your name.
5	First found Roy's in Maui and then on Kauai, and then... WOW... Phoenix. Always enjoyed the one in Scottsdale and the one here at the Marriott is closer and great. Almost a feeling of Hawaii.. but not. Food is always great, the service is professional and the best. And now at the Marriott in San Diego on the Bay...great outdoor patio, drinks and food.
5	Food, service & ambiance is never a disappointment. Is a little pricey but you get EXACTLY every pennies worth. I always look forward to the different menu items and the smiling faces.
4	I took my family to dinner here last night and had a good night. They actually had a kids meal, which surprised me because I don't believe the one in Scottsdale had one. My son ordered the same meal that I did but a miniature version(short rib). It's about $13 for a kid's meal. They get to take their cup home which is a small pineapple cup. There was a bit of a wait for our food so the server's brought each of my kids a quesadilla plate which was nice. I wish that my short rib was just a little more tender. But my husband's filet was great! My daughter had chicken strips were okay. The server was very nice, but the bus boy seemed to be irritated that night.  Otherwise, it was a nice night with good food.
5	Lobster pot stickers, divine Butterfish, seared Ahi , chocolate lava cake all to die for!!
4	We had a problem with the service last week, but I can't express how impressed I was with the way Roy's and the managing partner handled it afterward.  That is why I recommend Roy's and keep coming back.  Everyone stumbles--it is how you acknowledge the fact and then fix it that matters.  BTW, Roy's is great with food allergies and gluten intolerance.
5	We love Roys. The service is usually outstanding and the food is wonderful.The ambience is nice and usually pretty hopping on a Saturday.  My water glass is constantly being refilled because the people Roy's employ are totally on the ball. We have dined here 8+ times over the past 2 years and have never had a mediocre meal. They also have a delicious vegetarian menu if you ask your server. The wine list is comprehensive and they are known for their creative cocktails.We have dined here on both special occasions and regular Saturday nights. It is kind of like being on vacation when we go since it is located in the gorgeous JW Marriott. ...definitely in my top three Phoenix area restaurants.
1	I have been eating at Roy's from Coast to Coast for 12 years and this was the WORST experience ever.  The server was rude, impatient and very unorganized.  Someone in my party asked her for something and she said "Remind me later."  Really?  Then the guy filling water litterally spiled water into my Dad's lap TWICE.  The expediter, when he brough our food, told someone at out table with a shellfish allergy "don't worry, none of our seafood is fresh.  It's either frozen or canned."  Then, the busser clearing empty plates dropped a dirty, sharp knife right in my lap!  What a comedy of errors!  Our bill was over $300.00 for COLD food, out of a can and it was for my birthday which of course was runined.  If you plan on spending this kind of money...Go to Flemings.  Way better everything
5	This was our second stop for restaurant week.  I wanted to go to a chain restaurant after the experience we had at Noca.  ( i know its sad to say I wanted to visit a chain)  I had a feeling we wouldn't be disappointed.  We had a reservation at 6:30 and arrived a little early so we decided to have a glass of wine in the bar.  We were greeted immediately and our  wine was great!We were then whisked away to our table.  We had a really friendly server and we ordered our meals right away.  I had the clams with chorizo.  It was delish!  Will had the pork and although it looked to be undercooked it also tasted amazing.  The main entrees we had were the steelhead trout and the flank steak.  Both were awesome.Then came the dessert.  Will was in an adventurous mood so we ended up having 5 desserts.  Our two favorite by far were the pineapple upside down cake, picture posted soon.  (worth the 20 min wait) and the chocolate souffle cake.  All in all great food and great service!  Would definitely go back for a second visit.
5	went to roy's last night! O.M.G.!!i had the roy's trio & it was great! the cocktails were awesome too! u have to try the 1988 its so awesome!
4	Excellent food.  Excellent ambiance. Slow service.Reservations are definitely recommended. Drinks: Basil Cucumber Collins. --Highly recommended.Mai Tai --Very good. The basil cucumber concoction is definitely better than the mai tai.Complimentary to the meal is edamame, lightly salted. Absolutely delicious. For main course, I had ordered the Roy's Roasted Macadamia Nut crusted Mahi Mahi. It flaked upon touched, melted in your mouth with every bite, and had the most savory buttery mashed potatoes. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal here. For desert, I ordered the Roys' Melting hot chocolate Souffle. You MUST try this. The souffle is served with vanilla bean ice cream. Overall, a very good meal. I would definitely visit again .
4	We were staying at the JW Desert Ridge and decided that we didn't want to ride out to look for a restaurant after a long day, so we went with Roy's, a no brainier since all we had to do was dress up and go down stairs.When we arrived we asked if we could sit outside, good decision, it was cool this night and they had the fire pits and torches going, great ambiance under the stars. My wife and I had the salmon and the Mahi Mahi, these were both  great choices. Don't remember what we had for desert but it was something chocolatey, this was suggested by the waiter, and very,very good choice.I have to say this was up there with some of our favorite restaurants in Phoenix.
4	We had such a great date night here! I recommend a booth as its dark and quiet. Our waiter was great and gave recommendations that helped us. I had the mahi mahi and it was yummy. My hubby got the fish trio sampler and the butterfish was amazing. Drinks were great and the upside down pineapple dessert was great to finish the night. We will come back.
4	Aloha hour is the best! How can you beat $6 apps and drinks?! We had a feast. We got the wagyu sliders, beef skewers, calamari, and lobster potstickers while I sipped on a pomegranate mojito. The service was great, very friendly, fast and attentive. And nothing beats the views of the Desert Ridge Marriott!
2	melon salad needed a little salt to bring out the flavor, if you don't have salt on the table you need to get it right,  had the fish trio the portions of ahi and butter fish were very small the salmon was a bit bigger, all were cooked correctly and tasted good, the rice was served on a seperate plate which made mixing with the sauces akward, the bok choy side consisted of one leaf, must be running low.  Dessert was ok they did a great job making scratch creme brulee taste like instant and the pineapple thingy was the high light of the evening, if I was headed home from a winning time at the casino and my car broke down out front I would think about stopping in for a bite
5	This is one of our favorite restaurants when we visit AZ service was outstanding, no wait for our table, the hostess took our picture and gave us a copy thought that was nice.  I had the prixe fixe meal which you can never go wrong with.
4	Very good - the food was as pleasant to look at on the plate as it was to eat.  We sat outside @ the JW Marriott Desert Ridge - a cool night, and the fire pit we sat by was perfect - romance was in the air.  Ordered an excellent Moet Chandon bottle of Champagne and luxuriated in the taste, the smells, and the exquisite mouthfeel of both the bubbly as well as each other's necks as we sipped our drinks. Our appetites soon got the best of us, so we ordered a beautiful appetizer made up of four of Roy's best creations - the whole thing was perfect.  We decided this was heaven - sitting outside, cool temp's, warm fire, cold Champagne, and a lot of cannodling - what a fantastic memory - you cannot have my friend as your companion, but you can try to replicate our experience - go to Roy's @ Desert Ridge - now - and have fun.
4	My original opinion was that Roy's was one of those obscenely expensive, tourist trap-like hotel restaurants that suckered in hotel guests who were either too lazy or too drunk to venture off the property. Wrong again. I went here with some business colleagues and enjoyed an excellent experience. Had the seared tuna (and I'm not a fish-in-a-restaurant guy) and it was very flavorful and accompanied by a wasabi sauce I wanted to take a bath in. Service was excellent, although we were a table of 10 with an expense account. Perhaps they smelled blood, or at least this week's grocery money. My favorite part of the night, and I'm sure it's standard fare at high end places, was that they brought out a selection of reading glasses when I needed to read the small print of the menu. Call me rube if you'd like.
4	Excellent happy hour special!  Drinks & appetizers.   Dinner was very good.
5	Had my Birthday dinner here while staying at the Marriott and the service and food were exceptional. you have to get the lobster potstickers and sushi for appetizers and the butterfish and short ribs for main dish! so yum!!
4	Great service and even better food. For starters the calamari was tender and tasty, not overcooked as in many places.  For the main, we had the Ono fish, flown in daily from Hawaii as well as the butterfish.  Both were great as was the s'more -type dessert.
5	Ok, I'll admit it our family has been a fan of Roy Yamaguchi for years.  We eat at the Kahana location as the big dinner of our family trip.  When Hubby and I saw that we were staying right next door to this location, it was a no brainier.  So being familiar with nummy stuff on the menu.....appetizers all around!Ribs, spring rolls, pot stickers.  All well-paced, hot, yummy.  I have a weakness for the ribs and they are a treat; good spice level, nice tooth, well-seasoned.Our waiter was happy to realize we visit other Roy's and we talked locations and recipes.  Kind of like going to a place you've already visited.For dessert, Hubby had a pineapple cake to die for.  I had the chocolate lava cake, which is really like chocolate porn.  Eat it, roll in it, either way is good.All in all, a nice dinner at Roy's is a very tough act to follow.
4	It should be no surprise that the ambience and service at this restaurant located inside a 5 star resort is impeccable. What is heartening though is that the food is good as well. What was even better of course was that i wasnt paying for it:) (business dinner) We had crab cakes and pork ribs for appetisers which was delicious. For the main course i had the Ahi with the mustard sauce that was so flavorful. My colleagues had the shrimp and butterfish and they liked their dishes as well. For dessert we had the upside down pineapple cake. I really enjoyed my  experience here and would recoomend it to those who love seafood and want an evening of fine dining.
4	Location is great, food is fantastic and service excellent.  Nice atmosphere, of-course not cheap.  I was with a group of nine visiting from California and we had a memorable evening.   Pleasant reception and very good waiters.
3	They ROYALLY messed up our order here. We actually were seated in the bar and expected to have to wait a bit for food, but I think the waiter forgot to put our order in. Everyone around us was served before we were. When we finally asked you could see the lightbulb go off and up comes the manager. "There was a mix up in the kitchen and your food will be right up, please order a desert on us". The reason I am giving this review 3 stars is simply because the food (eventhough it was probably prepared in a hurry with a cursing manager wagging her finger at the chef) was absolutely perfect. The butterfish is so great and the pineapple upside down cake was a pleasant but not over sweet dessert.
4	I don't usually visit Roy's in Hawaii because their locations tend to be in shopping centers - not on the ocean. But here in Phoenix, I have found it to be a challenge to get really good, fresh fish and Roy's is my "go-to" spot when I am craving something coastal or Hawaiian. Our most recent visit was for an anniversary dinner, but despite reservations.....we were not seated for 1/2 hour. My husband was told the earliest reservation he could make was for 5:30, but when we arrived we not only waited, but noticed the patio and restaurant was quite busy with customers seated well ahead of us. The fact that this was a rough start was soothed by Roy's always-fantastic food. We split the lobster ravioli as an appetizer, and the restaurant really should put this on the menu as an entree. It was "ONO" (Hawaiian for delicious). Speaking of Ono, how could I pass that up as my entree?? I didn't even read the rest of the menu! I went straight for the Ono, and I have no idea what the buerre blanc was, but it was roll-my-eyes-omg wonderful!. I have family members moving here soon, and this will be our special spot for many occasions in the future.
5	James Monte works here.Enough said.5 stars.
5	Roy's is never a disappointment. And everytime I go there (any location) I eat and eat and eat. I mean everything is excellent. This time I tried their Jalapeno margartia and it was excellet. I need to learn how to make that! Had the boat of appetizers which includes the shrimp, short ribs, lobster pot stickers and dim sum. It was all perfcet of corse. I mean seriously I may get flagged for this review because it might sound like I work here I like it so much. But I DONT, its just that good. Got the Ahi tuna which was awesome, the mustard sause was too spicy for me (and I like spicy hence the jalepeno marg) but I think it had wasabi in it. Then for desert the coconut cheesecake was devoured in 3 mins. Went away full, happy and wanting more.
5	I actually enjoy going here....My kids like it also.  My kids get the short rib.  You should get it here also.....Go during happy hour, I personally love the Kona beer and lower prices on the happy hour menu.  Great outdoor seating, when its not 100+.  The servers are excellent and we almost where going to the point the servers remembered us?  Happy hour prices with excellent food.  Lobster potstickers, Kona beer, and maybe some tuna tartar for lunch?  great refreshing ambience and great food. Can't get Lobster potstickers anywhere else I have been thus far.....I had to give it 5 stars, because I have gone here so many times......great food always brings me back....
1	Over priced with horrible service. Steer clear of the red headed waitress. She is rude, condescending, and lucky to have gotten a tip. The drinks were very sweet, the meal was fine, prices did not justify the quality or service.Note that this restaurant is independently operated and not at all linked to the hotel. Its unfortunate, as this place clearly doesn't reflect the impeccable service of the Marriott.
3	I've eaten at Roy's in several different locations (New York, Philadelphia, Hawai'i) and I pretty much know what to expect and I had high expectations since the other locations were always very good.This location did not disappoint but I do have one major complaint.The service was good.  The hostess that greeted us was friendly, but one of the waiters was hanging out around the hostess stand flirting with them and quite frankly was annoying them and me.  Our waitress was friendly and efficient (she was not the red headed monster as some reviewers previously described).The food was typical Roy's - very good.  I had the butterfish (of course) and it was excellent.  The portion was a bit small however and left me wanting more.  My wife's scallops were good, but she was a bit disappointment with them - a tad bit too overcooked.We sat outside and it was perfect weather.  The lighting was very poor but they did give us little flashlights to read the menu by.The major complaint I have is that this location is overpriced.  While I understand that you are paying a premium because of the "Roy's" name, I found the pricing way out of line for a restaurant in Phoenix.  The pricing was more in line with a New York or San Francisco.  Not cool and I would not go back to this location for this reason. I'd give it 3 1/2 Stars if I could. The Marriott Hotel that the restaurant is inside is stunning by the way.  I definitely recommend staying there.
5	Yes, I am a fan of Roy's. You can never go wrong with Roy's Canoe Appetizer for Two - Grilled Szechuan Pork Ribs, Kalua Pork Dim Sum, Seared Tiger Shrimp Sticks, Lobster Potstickers & Crispy Spicy Tuna - all of which are simply fabulous. For my entree on this visit I had the Roy's Original Hawaiian Blackened Island Ahi - and the Spicy Soy Mustard Butter Sauce was absolutely amazing.On top of the food, however, the service was amazing. There was a hockey fan at our table who was interested in the final Kings game (where, yes, they beat the Devils) and since there was zero cell reception where we were sitting a trip to the bar to see the TVs was the only fix available. Of course the game end was coming as the main course was being delivered and who I assume was the manager asked us almost immediately if we needed it placed under the heat lamps for a bit. To extend this good gesture it was brought back at the same moment the game was over and they were ready to enjoy the meal -- without even asking for it.Then, if you have never been to a resort before in the Phoenix area get ready to leave the desert for a brief moment while you take in the surroundings of the Marriott location.
4	Fire Grilled Filet Mignon with White Cheddar Mac & Cheese was amazing.  Great food / great service.  Finally try the molten lava cake....what else needs to be said.
4	All I have to say is- start with the pineapple upside down cake with coconut ice cream.  If you eat nothing that night this is a MUST!!!!!!Everyone was nice- I was disappointed that my drink glass not only had chipped rim in many spots but there was a huge crack that was ready to go. My girlfriend had chips on her rim glass too.  Split the sushi appetizer- it was perfectly seared Ahi Tuna- perfectly cooked- but it's spicy. I am not a huge spice fan so I cut the edge and then was able to tolerate it.  Had the bass- just as wonderful as I though. My girlfriend had the halibut- yummy. The oven roasted tomatoes on the halibut plate were AMAZING- but only two little slices. When it's that good you want a bowl full.  The setting was a bit dim and low noise level. We were getting tired just being there. They need to turn up the lights.  I would go back without a doubt- but I am not kidding when I say probably THE best dessert I have had in my life- and I know desssert!!!!!
4	We had a fantastic experience here.We started out with the Aloha Happy Hour outside, enjoying the tunes and the service.  Dixie was our server, and she was outstanding.  The drinks were great (I love the skinny margarita), and the apps were OK.  My only complaint on the apps were that they were not on the healthy side.  Fried/tempura sushi rolls, and we had the beef tacos and they were very greasy.  They need to add an appetizer that is a version of the butterfish for Happy Hour.We moved inside for dinner, and of course, we ordered the Roy's Classic Trio, and the Seafood Trio.  You cannot go wrong with either one of these options.  Dixie was also our server here, and her service continued to be rock star.We were consistently greeted by management staff, and the rest of the wait staff was truly wonderful.
5	Had a fabulous dinner here.  Service and food was great, enjoyed the surf & turf, which was incredibly delicious and very reasonably priced.
1	Worst birthday experience of my life. There were eight of us who came from the resort pool to the patio for Aloha Hour, then dinner. First we were told that the patio was closed (on what had to have been the most gorgeous evening of the summer.) That's fine. Inside, it's a little too fancy for our pool-wear, although all but one of us had coverups. So we are decoding what to do, when a server tells us we are dressed inappropriately. We say that we know...we were going to eat on the patio and now we are just standing there deciding what to do (ps the restaurant is completely empty except for about five servers who are glaring at us.) We go back outside where my elderly father needs to sit down for a moment. Normally after a chilly reception like that I would have left immediately, but my dad can't walk very far, the rest of the party is hungry, and we had really been looking forward to Roy's. The server comes outside where we are standing (except for my dad who had to sit down) and confronts us. I explain that its my birthday, that we have been loyal Roy's customers in Hawaii and here, and that we just want to have a nice meal.  I explained that we weren't trying to offend anyone and that there really aren't any other customers to offend right now any way. She tells me that I'm being rude and that she is letting us know about the dress code because she doesn't want her manager to see us and come confront us (so instead she does the honors, I guess.) I am so astounded by how outright MEAN this woman is. It baffling. She looks like she's early 50's or so...you think she would know how to handle a dress code concern better. So the manager comes out, tries to smooth things over, tells us we're all dressed just fine except for one of our well-behaved kids, who needs a shirt with sleeves. Reminds us that there's a sign that says that too (expert managers always point to the policy) Tells us that we won't have that woman as our server. She'll give us "Debbie, who is fantastic like me." Okay. Ha ha. Come in. We get $100+ worth of appetizers and drinks because the full menu is not available yet. Debbie the server is fine. We watch the sun go down through the window. The only good thing about sitting inside is the fantastic live music by Jared Blackstone.  There is also a a very nice server named Tanner, who had brought my dad some water while we were standing on the patio. He comes over and apologizes to us because he has witnessed this whole thing. He's a class act. Kudos to him and I hope he can get a job at an establishment that values service as much as he does. The manager never came back by our table. We didn't stay for dinner. Instead we walked across the resort to The Blue Sage, where we enjoyed a great meal on the patio on a  gorgeous night. The experience at Roy's was one of the all-time worst I have ever experienced in my life.
4	butter fish is great!
4	We went to Roy's for a midweek dinner & it was so crowded we ended up sitting at the bar. No problem, they serve the full menu.Until the end of September they have a combo plate available that features both the butterfish & beef short ribs for $30. It's the perfect amount of food & a great choice to be able to try an option from both land & sea. I got to try a bite of the mahi mahi which I will definitely order next time. Very good service & a beautiful restaurant!
4	My hubby and I have been fans of Roy's since our first time at the flagship location on Oahu . . . and we've watched him expand to the mainland. Our experience with the mainland Roy's have been hit and miss, but the Marriott Desert Ridge location pretty much knocks it out of the park! We went at the tail end of Arizona Restaurant Week. We really liked the menu options for this special week, and the warm chocolate souffle cake is always out of this world . . . If that was the only thing that tasted good, then we would feel we got our money's worth . . . but we didn't have to worry about it because everything was perfect from beginning to end.We had an adorable server who had a great personality and excellent people skills. She was unassuming and let us linger between courses. As I am a stickler about food coming out too soon after just finishing one course, this was just perfect! And so relaxing. The ambiance on the patio, which is where we chose to sit, almost felt as if we were on one of the islands, not in the middle of the desert . . . with the tiki torches lit and the sound of the babbling water features throughout the resort, it came pretty close . . . it was just missing the trade winds.  The resort had a band playing as well . . . they were pretty good, a few ups and downs. I would have loved if the music was a little more subtle than the pop-jazz mix they were playing . . . oh, but I have digressed. My hubby and his daughter chose the restaurant week menu. Hubby had the Grilled Szechuan Spiced Pork Ribs Smoked & Glazed in Roy's Original Mongolian Sauce. A bit cliche, but they were finger lickin' good! My step-daughter and I shared the Crispy Spicy Ahi Sushi Roll with Ginger Wasabi Beurre Blanc -- it was huge and almost a meal. The rolls were fresh, crunchy, and had a little kick . . . not too spicy. It was a good thing I agreed to help her with it! For entrees, my hubby had the Roy's Original Hawaiian Blackened Island Ahi with Spicy Soy Mustard Butter Sauce. It, too, was an ample portion of tender ahi that was complimented by the sauce but no overpowered by it. My step-daughter had the Roy's Roasted Macadamia Nut Crusted Mahi Mahi with Maine Lobster Essence. Another nice portion of perfectly cooked Mahi.  We all were starting to feel the aloha spirit . . . I had to be the exception by ordering off the regular menu and chose my most favorite entree of all . . . the Hawaiian Style Misoyaki Butterfish . . . Aah, what a delight, so melt-in-your-mouth delicate . . . I was in island heaven.Desserts were total home runs -- the melting hot chocolate souffle is mandatory for any chocolate lover. In fact, it tastes the same at every Roy's we've been to . . . it never disappoints. A total surprise . . . and a delightful one . . . was the chocolate coconut cheesecake which came with a side of mango sorbet . . . or did she say it was pineapple sorbet . . . whatever . . . it was the perfect accompaniment to the light and fluffy cheesecake.We also ordered a bottle of Newton claret which was a modestly priced wine and as my husband said as he swirled and sipped it . . . "I know my wines . . . " Having to always be the exception, I ordered the he Original Hawaiian Martini, which was what I considered my dessert. It was a juicy combination of Maui pineapple, vodka and coconut rumMMMMM!It was truly a beautiful evening from start to finish. You may be asking why I didn't give it five stars then if there were no misfires . . . that five star is reserved for Roy's Hawaiian restaurants that really do create the aloha experience with some special touches only that can only be enjoyed there!
3	I've heard great things about Roy's before but I wasn't super impressed.  I sat at the bar where there was little ambiance.  The butterfish tasted a little metallic but the miso sauce more than made up for it.  The lobster maki was delicious but the rice had far too much sake in it.  Overall, it wasn't worth the price for me.
5	Sunday nights are not overwhelming. I doubt this place is ever empty, but at least it wasn't packed! Great service. Thanks, Bruce! As good as the butterfish is, I loved the lobster!! Served in the shell, butter poached, the best I have ever had!! Get the surf & turf, it is worth it! Filet was cooked perfectly!!In general, I noticed how the servers were very knowledgeable with what temperatures the meat & fish should be cooked too, and the chefs prepared everything with excellence. Lobster california roll was nothing special. Hibachi salmon was good, macadamia nut mahi mahi was good.Interesting spice on the edamame.The portions are not huge, but they are reasonable and enough food. Pricing is appropriate for what you get as well. Nice plus is that if you don't prefer what the meal comes with, you can sub the sides and there was not an additional charged as I had feared. (subbed rice & bok choy for truffle cream corn risotto-it wasn't for me, but it was prepared very well.)Definitely a great place for celebrating.$5 valet with validation. It's the JW Marriott, not Red Lobster, so we were happy to have someone bring us our car.Service=5, Ambiance=5, Quality/Taste of Food= 5 StarsI greatly look forward to going back!! I had my eye on those lobster potstickers!
4	While I initially was disturbed by the Los Angeles prices for dining in Phoenix,  i have to say I thoroughly enjoyed my meal. Parmesan crusted swordfish was cooked to perfection. The risotto upon which the fish sat was outstanding. I was even pleasantly surprised by the seasoning on the micro green salad served alongside the main course.  The starter salad with creamy herb dressing was fabulous.  Service was impeccable and the restaurant manager visited with us to verify as much.  My dinnermate remarked that the pork katsu was delicious and fried perfectly.
5	Butterfish and chocolate souffle are pure heaven!
4	Good finish after a rocky start - our steaks were all way overcooked.  Our server had our orders re-made beautifully and then comped our wine, salads and dessert without being asked.  The manager on duty was very nice and concerned and we ended up having a great time.  The hit of the evening was the pineapple upside down cake with handmade coconut ice-cream - OMG!
5	On our last night on vacation, we ate at Roy's. It was very busy due to a large corporate event in the hotel but we had no problem getting a 7 PM reservation and were seated promptly. Service was polite, efficient, not rushed. We ordered the appetizer for two item (included lobster pot stickers, pork ribs, shrimp, tuna roll, and more) and then, an add'l order of pot stickers. All was excellent and presentation 4-star.
4	I've been to Roys before but this was my first trip to this location.  It's premium price but their food is solid and the service is outstanding.We had some questions regarding the menu and wine pairings.  Our server was well versed and provided sound guidance.  We ended up with PEI & lobster apps.  I went with the Ahi as a main dish.  All prepared with skill and wonderful presentation.I prefer the hidden "hole in the wall" but this is a great place to have in the resort.
5	Always original and wonderful. Be sure to have the chocolate dessert!!
4	Birthday dinner with my mom at the Roy's was delightful. We enjoyed food, the outdoor seatings, and the beautiful surroundings. - Crispy Karage Calamari -  This was definitely one of the best calamari I had! It was indeed crispy, and more flavorful with the thai basil dipping sauce, yum!-Misoyaki Butterfish - This white fish was light and somewhat creamy, so soft that could just melt into your mouth.-Brown Butter seared Salmon - A bit towards to the sweet side if you are not expecting, the fish was just a little bit undercooked for my mom, but it was a good combination with warm potato salad!-Pineapple cake/pie (?) - if you like sweet, definitely worth the wait to have this warm dessert. Yay for a piece of birthday chocolate cake with a little candle :-)Our server was very attentive but somehow not so knowledgable about the food, I was expecting that she could tell us a bit more than 'this is a thai basil sauce'... One reason to take off a star was that even though we made a reservation and showed up on time, we still had to wait for about 10 mins to be seated although no one was in front of us. Also, yes, the outdoor seating was great, I wish they could have laid out the seating with some more spaces, the chairs between tables are almost hitting together...I wanna go back for some more calamari!!
5	Wow!  It really was very, very good.  The server was a little weird but overall everything was peachy!
5	What an amazing blend of flavors! I love Roy's and will definitely make it a regular stop whenever I can find it. Definitely try the chocolate cake dessert, and the rockfish. AMAZING!
2	I found myself sadly disappointed with Roy's.  The hotel and restaurant are beautiful and the service was very attentive.  I ordered the Mahi Mahi, which I was told is one of the signature dishes.  When it arrived, both my friend and I (who ordered the same thing) looked at ourselves while we chewed and had the same reaction...WTF!  We felt like we were eating the tablecloth.  It truly had zero flavor.  Luckily, a Manager was walking around greeting everyone, and when he asked how the food was, we couldn't hide our disappointment.  I seriously consider that they may have forgotten an ingredient??  They offered us spicy mustard to add some taste....I don't consider myself a picky eater, and I love seafood.  The Manager did end up comping the dish, which was appreciated.  The drinks were tasty but pricey which is expected for the setting.I'd love to say I'd give them another shot as I've heard good things but not likely.
1	Times are getting better, much better. But we're still not back to where we were in 05' 06', so when my wife's birthday rolled around we thought it would be a good time to use the Roy's gift card we'd received as a gift from a family member. My wife, daughter (16), son (19) and I slipped into our goin' to town duds and we were off.  Considering the generous amount on the gift card, we thought we were in for treat. We used to be Roy's regulars at the Scottsdale location, but that was quite some time ago, and we were in for some surprises.  My wife had been thinking of sushi all week, but except for one quasi-roll, Roy's no longer serves it, so that's what my wife settled for. My Daughter ordered the short rib, and my son and I splurged, or so we thought, on the surf and turf which was billed as a petit filet and half a poached lobster. I understand petit, and I didn't expect an Aussie tail and an 8 ounce filet but what we got was shocking. If our filet's were 4 oz's I'll eat my hat, (which is about 8 oz). 3 bites and it was gone, the lobster would have been a decent sized prawn, 3 slivers of asparagus, a tablespoon of potatoes. I kept expecting Ashton Kutcher to pop up and tell me we were being punked. Again I didn't expect a Texas steak so big that "If you eat it it's free" but this was beyond the pail. I've eaten all over the world, I'm somewhat experienced.  I moved what little there was around my plate and then pretended that I was full from the calamari appetizer. I gave my son half of my steak, (1.5 bites) and all of my lobster tail. It was just appalling. My daughters meal was wonderful and my wife enjoyed the roll, we both had a glass of wine and we still had to cough up $140. on top of the $100 Gift Card. I left the place feeling like Clark Griswold after those Arizona Mechanics emptied his wallet for those 4 bald tires. Totally screwed. It was my Wife's birthday so I kept a smile on my face as we strolled around the beautiful Marriott grounds after dinner, then drove us home and made myself a sandwich.
5	Had to write another round of kudos for this great chain. One might think that now being affiliated with the Outback Steakhouse Group would diminish it's dedication to quality - WRONG. The chef, the people, the quality and service.. ALL THERE. And.... it's not just Sushi :-)I've written about this and other locations before but the consistency is there and it's always a great experience. This time it was the perfect night to sit on the patio and enjoy a couple drinks, some wine, a great dinner and great AZ weather.The hanger steak was perfect, but what has always made Roy's the tasty experience you want is.. the sauces. They must have spent decades (OK maybe hours) making these sauces that add so much to everything they serve.With that in mind, the Asian pork ribs for an appetizer were THE BEST. When i was in San Diego a few weeks ago we ate there and they were nice enough to make the appetizer portion into a dinner for me - WOW... i love those ribs. My client had the crusted Mahi Mahi (also my dad's fav) and it didn't disappoint - cooked perfect and again, the sauce reduced enough for flavor but didn't overwhelm.The drinks are great, even their own house wines are good for the price. (Hey, after a couple great Mai Tais who needs a $20 glass of wine?)The only issue this trip was that the Chocolate Souffle lacked that yummy runny explosion of chocolate sauce when you break it open BUT... seeing that, our waiter insisted on a new one for us. Hence.... 5 stars.The service was professional and knowledgeable as usual and it's a pleasure to go somewhere once in a while where the waiters aren't "almost helping you" in between texts and meaningless chatter with the dishwasher.Their reservation system actually works and automatically applies any promotional discounts to your bill. Nice to see efficiency.Bravo again to Roy and his well trained people and well conceived concept. Try any of their locations and there's a 99.8% chance you won't be disappointed.How do you say Bon Appetite in Hawaiian? (Roy's i guess)http://www.roysrestaurant.com/index.asp (PS - I don't work there... I just love the place)  :-)
4	Butterfish is pretty amazing.
4	Food was a mix-bag while the service was great. I had scallops, my fiancee had ono.  Scallops were excellent the ono, however, was very dry.  I was a bit disappointed that this Roy's location has the 'standard' menu. I was expecting it to have the more frequently adjusted menu items since it's located in a fancy resort.
3	Roy's is conveniently located within the JW Marriott, right outside the pool area. A few of us went to happy hour here after spending the day at a conference. There was live music that Friday night, and the weather was perfect for sitting outside on the patio. We took advantage of the sushi and drink specials- $6 drinks and apps! The Big Island Ebi Roll was pretty good and not too spicy, while the drinks were nice and strong. Great way to end a long day of sitting at a conference!
3	I've been to other Roy's locations and crowed about the one in Chandler.  Wanted to try the Prix Fixe menu and took a friend who lives nearby as my guest.  Despite the waterside outdoor tables and attentive adjunct serving staff, this location didn't do it for me.  Our shrimp and papaya appetizer was fabulous, my dining companion's chicken with jasmine rice and red curry was adored by his palate, but I found my hanger steak wanting.  It's a very flavorful cut of beef but it was overcooked from my requested medium rare, and the presentation was monochromatic.  Brown beef on brown sauces with purple sweet potato fries (which means they darken externally to a brown black after frying) in a black ramekin, covering up the sauteed or grilled? fresh garlic stems that are akin to scallions.  One expects a pop of color on a plate from Roy's, and this one did nothing to whet my appetite.  The dessert was lovely, we both opted for the bread pudding with macerated strawberries.  Our server was amiable and the adjunct staff such as hostess and the food runners were attentive, but our server had lapses and the beverages took longer than usual to arrive.  This might seem like so much harping over nothing, but when you are being charged five dollars to park after validation for the privilege of eating at a location, you expect the service level to be ramped up on every detail.  Lastly, I don't know if it was attributable to the resort location, but I thought that thirteen bucks  for a signature cocktail was a wee bit excessive.  Maybe I seem petty, but it is my money.  My server was tipped in excess of 23% or thereabouts, I was still kind to him, but overall I've had a better experience in more pedestrian Roy's locations.
5	This place is the best!  I worked for this establishment 7 years ago and I am not being biased in any which way or form.  I have been to the Oahu locations, Vegas, and Rancho Mirage and everyone of them exceeds my expectations in so many ways.  Everything about this establishment is legit.  Even the owner Roy Yamaguchi himself made a couple of surprise visits and always took a liking to what I was creating during my first job as a line cook.  They really do have that Ohana spirit and starts at the Top with Roy and his Executive Chef Mako Segawa.  They have a passion for what they do and all of our ingredients are fresh and prepped all day long and you taste it every night at service.  The location is beautiful inside the JW Marriott and very comfortable.  The staff is incredibly knowledgeable at every location and they seem to really care.  I remember going to Oahu and I told the staff I worked for Roy's and without blinking an eye they gave me a free appetizer.  I could have been pulling their leg for all they know and yet they still gave me the Ohana spirit.
3	Aloha hour is where it's at!  $6 menu with assorted signature cocktails and apps!  Loved the Mahi Mahi tacos.  Only downfall is there are no kid friendly items available during Aloha Hour.  Makes a bit of sense it is Happy Hour (adult friendly) but it is located at a very family friendly resort.
3	I really wanted to LOVE Roy's, but it just didn't do it for me.  It wasn't great, but it wasn't bad either.  I left feeling very "meh."My husband and I were staying at the JW with a Travelzoo deal, and we had been wanting to try Roy's since we live very close anyway, but never had the chance.  So we figured why not.  We were greeted and seated right on time in a very private booth indoors.  The weather was nice enough to sit outside, but everyone was outside and we wanted a more romantic dinner rather than having to listen to everyone else's conversations and screaming kids.  Our server was really great - knowledgeable, attentive but not overbearing, and I wish I could remember his name.  We started with our drinks...my husband ordered his typical Jack and Diet and I ordered a glass of wine.  I wasn't impressed with the wine menu, however, as I was trying to decide between two different glasses, our server brought me tastes of both options, which was a really nice touch.  We had the lobster potstickers for an appetizer, which I really enjoyed.  However, as others have mentioned, the portions are very small for what you are paying.  I rolled my eyes at those reviews before I dined here, but having experienced it now, I can confirm that really, they are small.  It wouldn't have bothered me if I paid $15 for 3 bites and those bites were the most amazing flavors I've ever tasted, but that was not the case.  Moving on to dinner - I ordered the Roy's Trio, which included 2.5 oz servings of the salmon, mahi, and butterfish, and some rice.  Again, very small portion.  Although I was satisfied with the amount of food, my husband was not.  I like the butterfish very much and wished I had ordered that as my entree.  The other two were just "meh" as far as flavor for me.  My husband had the Ahi and he liked it but didn't love it (story of the evening).We finished with the chocolate lava cake.  Great decision.  It was soooo good.  We aren't big chocolate people, but it just sounded good that night and boy are we glad we ordered it.  SO YUMMY.I would have really liked Roy's if they had been priced just a little lower - I don't think my entree was worth paying more than $25 or so.  I have spent the same amount of money on the same amount of food (appetizer to share, entrees, dessert to share) at much nicer restaurants, which is really what is holding me back from liking Roy's more.  I would tell people to try it for yourself, but for us, it was fine but just didn't live up to expectations.
2	We came here on a Saturday night for a birthday celebration with 3 other couples and spent over $700.  Service was great but the food was terrible.  appetizers were small and overpriced.  We had the calamari, loco moco,  canoe and ribs.   the only appetizer everyone raved about were the ribs but the rest were horrible.  We ordered several entrees including short ribs, butterfish, salmon, pork shank and curried chicken.  Other than the fish entrees, there were alot of leftover foods and no one wanted to take home any because no one wanted to eat any of the food twice.  We skipped desserts, no one wanted to try any.  Drinks were great and again, service was great.   Not a good nor memorable experience at Roy's for us unfortunately.
2	First off, my first experience at Roy's was followed by a 5-star review.  The food, service and atmosphere were all a home-run.  That was the Vegas Roy's, and there, we ate strictly off of the Aloha Menu.  The appetizers were $5 each, and we kept talking about the tasty food for days, even months since our visit.Here in Phoenix, we decided to try some more food, not from the happy hour special pricing.  I was expecting greater portions, or even sides, but it seems like Roy's is expensive for the sake of being expensive.  One appetizer, one entree, no drinks and our bill was $60.  Let me explain.We wanted to try the largest appetizer called "canoe for two".  The food was rich in flavor as always, but I was surprised that for $30, you only get ten (10) pieces of food. Two ribs, pieces of chicken, shrimp, potstickers and sushi rolls.  Again, only two of each....as in two ribs with a little bit of meat on them, and two pieces of shrimp!  I'm not a "cheap" eater, but for $30, I would sure hope for more food than that.  I mean two pieces of a sushi roll? give me a break!  I know this choice is under "appetizer", but in today's food world, that doesn't mean "miniature"...especially for the price. (funny they don't mention "2 of each" on the menu)The main course was a hanger steak that was cooked nicely with..wait for it, four pieces of sweet potato wedges...small wedges.  No veggies, nothing substantial.I guess what I'm getting to is this:  Why does it seem like Roy's rations food to an apocalyptic portion?  Is the world out of shrimp, rice or chicken?  Has supply and demand multiplied a hundredfold?  Sure seems that way when dining at Roy's!
5	always a great time and great food. Love this place !
4	Before I knew anything about Roy's, we dined at the Kauai restaurant on our honeymoon years ago. Since then, we have frequented Roy's at this location maybe once a year or so, including a major wedding anniversary. This place is not cheap--that's no surprise. Portions are not huge, but again, that's standard for this type of restaurant. I LOVE Roy's. It's a special occasion place for us (though their happy hour seems very enticing). The appetizer sampler for 2 is oh-my-freakin-goodness amazing. It really does just leave you wanting more. And, though nothing too far out of the box, the butterfish is something I crave on a regular basis. So succulent, so delicious. Mouth is watering as I type. On top of the lovely food, we have always had outstanding, personalized service. Especially if you have a specialty occasion, Roy's goes out of their way to take the experience to the next level. This location in the J.W. Marriott has an elegant atmosphere that lends itself towards after-dinner strolls in a sophisticated environment. Oh, and did I mention that the martinis are well-made and scrumptious? (The 1988 is my absolute favorite!) Now I just need to check them out at the happy hour price!
4	We stayed at the JW with a bunch of other families (12 adults, 14 kids) and wanted to have a private adult-only dinner.  I contacted the restaurant's group coordinator (Kaleb) and he was awesome in helping me plan.  Since we were dining on a Monday night, we was able to book on of the private rooms for us with a pretty low F&B guarantee ($900).  I had preordered 4 canoes (appeitizers).  We we arrived, we were quickly escorted to the back room.  At 8pm, the restaurant was about 75% at capacity.  The back room was nice.  There were sliding doors for privacy and we were able to control the thermostat and music easily.  We had multiple waiters and servers there to help us and never had to wait on anything.  Our drink orders were taken right away and the canoes came out.  The highlight of the canoes were the pork ribs and shrimp skewers.  The cocktails were good and better priced than Meritage ($8-12 vs $12-15).  One of the girls didn't like hers and they quickly exchanged it.  We ordered some beet salads and hanger steak loco mocos.  The salad was a hit as well as the loco moco.  Some of them came out with the fried egg overcooked.  The waiter apologized and quickly had them fired up some new ones.  Not a big deal.  The loco mocos were very very good.  I could have probably have eaten that for the entree.The one thing that really impressed me about the restaurant was that they were so willing to make substitute and customize our menu.  Most of us elected for the Surf n' Turf and that (the hanger steak) could have been paired with pretty much anything (lobster tail, butterfish, mahi mahi, shrimp, etc).  I paired mine with the butterfish and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The Hanger steak came out already cut and was tender.  The flavor was just ok.  However, the butterfish was awesome...just melted in your mouth and was very flavorful.  Everyone loved their food.  Only complaint was that the surf portion was small...can't have everything.Dessert included the pineapple upside down cake and the chocolate souffle.  The pineapple cake was very buttery (a tad too much) and the souffle was great.  We had a great time and really enjoyed dinner.  Roy's is a perfect place for a group.  Very convenient access from the hotel (literally outside the elevator).  If we return to this resort, I will be calling Roy's again.  You can't be the food, service, or value.
1	The mystery of the disappearing server..First, we waited and waited in the empty restaurant...on the edge of our seats. Would we get served? Oh please! Then, there she was!Then, she she disappeared again, for long stretches of time. When she finally reappeared I asked her if they had Lafroiag Scotch.She said no, then I saw it in the bar as we were leaving. Maybe her memory disappeared also.  She didn't ask my wife if she wanted more wine, nor refill my soft drink. Of course, one wonders how she could ask, since she was never there. Maybe we were supposed to do it ourselves, like buffet style. Of course, this is Roy's so you would expect someone to act like they gave a damn. Also the manager never made an appearance like they usually do in these places. These places that are interested in not going belly up. Maybe they're hoping the hotel will keep them afloat? Who knows. Maybe he was were she was....Where do they go, when they disappear? Maybe I should have asked her if she saw my missing socks in the zone? Do they have Lafroiag there? Maybe the angel's share, that evaporates from the aging barrels when they make Scotch is there? One thing I know, you don't have to do your job in the zone.The food was good though. But we won't be back. They didn't completely wreck my wife's birthday, but they sure didn't help.
5	We took a stay cation.  Roy's was the place we finally ended up after trying out 2 other bars at the resort and getting no service.  The food selection, drink selection and prices were excellent.  The server was great but his Polo cologne was a little over powering.  Everyone knows polo when they smell it.  Sushi was fresh and cocktails were yummy
4	Restaurant with average  bill per person of more than $50 and the can't even bring three appetizers out at same time, and the chef can't distinguish  medium and well done. Even if the flavors were on point, itDoesn't deserve more than three stars. However, the way management handled the situation was impeccable. They took off the dishes that were unsatisfactory and the desert saved the day! I hope that next time I go, I will be able to give it 5 stars.
5	Amazing restaurant!  Staff was friendly and helpful -- This is the kind of place where they place the napkin in your lap!  We ordered the Canoe for Two, which consisted of two shrimp, two crispy spicy tuna rolls, two lobster potstickers, two Shanghai short ribs and two chicken katsu, all with their corresponding sauces.  This gave us an opportunity to try some of the different appetizers on the menu.  I ordered Roy's Trio (a trio of fish -- Hibachi Salmon, Macadamia-encrusted Ahi and Miso-Soy Butterfish) with asparagus and macadamia-pesto risotto.  The butterfish was my absolute favorite -- it didn't fall apart on the plate like some fish does, and it was cooked perfectly! My husband ordered the filet mignon with poblano mashed potatoes and asparagus.  His filet had a demi-glace that was divine.  The steak was cooked just as ordered and was a joy to eat.  We ordered cappucinos and we each ordered dessert -- I had the hot chocolate souffle (delectable!) and DH had the pineapple upside-down cake (delicious!).  Both were served with ice cream.  Our server was Melissa, and she did a fabulous job!
2	Great atmosphere, but food not up to par. My wife had the Mahi Mahi.  Overdone, dry.  My filet was .... Well, ehhh, okay, I guess.  The wasabi mashed potatoes were .... Well, okay, I guess, not much texture or taste.  Two stars is being generous.
1	Food was okay, service was bizarre. Numerous people swarming the table to retrieve plates and cutlery, infrequent visits by our server. Our server was completely disinterested. We ordered an appetizer, two salads and two entrees. Appetizer never came and the waitress never mentioned it. When she finally appeared we were almost finished with our entrees, I told her to disregard bringing the appetizer. She blew it off in such a weird way that I asked my husband if she heard me. He assured me that she had because she mumbled something about being sorry and then went on to talking about desserts. Very strange. It took forever to bring the check even after we asked for it twice. The food was good but not great. The lobster meat was so small it looked like a scallop and the salads were a joke. Not going back. Overrated just like the hotel itself.
5	Delicious
4	The Butterfish is phenomenal! Great for special occasions.
2	Roy's is in a beautiful setting. We enjoyed eating out on the patio on a pleasantly cool October evening. Unfortunately the food was not that great. I had Roy's trio with a salad and my husband had the Ahi with a salad. There seemed to be something wrong with every dish: their simple salads were completely one note and salty as can be, the bok choy with the tuna had no flavor except strong mustard, my mahi mahi was the driest I have ever had, the salmon was fine but nothing special, the butterfish would have been delicious except they put a little pico-de-gallo like garnish on top that didn't go at all--I'm still scratching my head over that one. Really I would like to give Roy's 2 1/2 stars for the nice ambience, tasty butterfish, and nice sauce that was served with the dry as a bone mahi mahi, but for the price we paid for mediocre at best food, 2 stars is what they get.
1	We have eaten at Roy's all over...IL, AZ, CA,  HI. Since Outback has bought them, the food has denigrated to average to below average to poor. And the waitstaff has become inattentive at best. Ate at the Roy's in Desert Ridge at the JW Marriott in Phoenix. Sat outside where it was a beautiful evening. Had to ask the waiter for any specials. Wife and aunt ordered seafood trio of butterfish, mahi mahi and salmon. Butterfish, their signature dish was mushy and tasteless, not dry and flaky. Mahi was dry. Salmon not cooked thoroughly.I had the scallops. Three sea scallops over something non-descript. Not even any rice or veggies. Delicious, but a small portion for over $30. Usually, midway during the meal the server asks if anyone wants a lava cake or upside down cake, as it takes time to prepare. This time nothing. After finishing the entrees, server comes over and asks if anyone wants dessert, then omits the upside down cake from the offerings. I had to remind him. Eaten at Roy's oodles of times before, but now its a very pricey Outback. Awful and won't be returning.
2	I have had good food at Roy's before, but the quality reminded me a bit of a snooty Applebee's this time.  The pot stickers had been under the heat lamp way to long.  The Ono was promised at medium and served at well.  Service was ok.  JW Marriott deserves a better on property kitchen!  11/21/13
5	Otherwise known as "my happy place" I absolutely love this place BASED ON their happy hour alone and only when I'm sitting outside. Located in the beautiful JW Marriot Desert Ridge the drinks are always great and consistent each time I visit. For a happy hour menu there are quite a few appetizers to chose from. The service is always great! However I've never joined them for dinner and don't think I ever will. The dining room is always empty (granted they are located in a hotel)  but the outside is to beautiful to be stuck inside! Definitely recommend for their happy hour! I bring all of my out of towners for a drink!
5	Add another location to my favorite Roy's Restaurant. This Roy's is located in a beautiful resort up in North Scottsdale, JW Marriott Resort and Spa. Hawaiian cuisine that you can never go wrong with.They usually have a price fix menu on Monday's, which is always worth it!
3	My coworkers and I are here for a convention and came here for Dinner last night. Our waiters Scott and Adele were quick, attentive and really nice. We have the pork belly dim sum as an appetizer, which was phenomenal! For my entree I had the hanger steak. For the price, I expected a bit more to it. When it says it includes carrots and peas, they meant one carrot and one pea :p But the steak was cooked perfectly ad tasted amazing. The rest of the group really enjoyed their dishes as well.  Margarita tasted good, but was a little weak, I stuck to beer after having one. Per my coworkers they had a great Pinot. Had a really nice time :)
5	the food was amazing, the service was great, and the location was beautiful!
5	I love the J.W. Marriott, how could you not?  If you're staying at the resort,  and do not want to leave the beautiful property, this restaurant is a must for dinner! The next closest dining option off the property is Ocean Prime at City North just outside of the Marriott grounds.   The food here was very presentable. I really enjoyed my Arizona night out on the patio by the fire. The hotel had live music going out on the patio lounge area of the resort that could be heard at our table.  The attentiveness at the bar was very welcoming and our dining service was spectacular.  I enjoyed the kale salad and calamari as appatizers and the sampler fish trio for dinner. Everything turned out Very nice, but would remove the calamari if I could for another option. I thought it could have been lighter In the breading. If you come to dine here for during your stay or just diner, It's a great choice.
5	We are staying at the hotel and decided to take advantage of the happy hour. Since it's tax day, it's HH all night. The folks here are really nice, accommodating and the food is fab. I think the manager himself is Roy of Roys because he is so friendly. 5 star service for sure.
4	Great food, I had the swordfish (Roy's speciality), perfectly cooked and the sauce was great!! I do not give a fifth star because:  1. They do not have a good beer selection 2. The ambiance could be better (cheap materials and smells fish all around) But it is a great spot for a nice dinner!
2	Met friends at Roy's on Saturday for Happy Hour and although the food was okay the service was below par. Our first complaint was the overly loud music which the waitress commented that he is known to be loud and plays there only on Saturday's, we then asked if we could eat outside and were told no because it there had been a little rain on Friday and the marble could be wet, hello this is Phoenix! It was 92 degrees on Saturday! The busboy must not have been properly trained because he almost spilled soy sauce on my husband's white shirt and then poured reg water into his sparkling water which we had paid for and then when we told him he didn't make any adjustments, no offering to replace his sparking water or even apologize. I complained to the waitress about our busboy and she went directly to the manager and no response from him either! I doubt we will be back.
4	Overall very tasty and the ambiance was nice.The fillet and lobster was cooked perfectly. My dynamite ono dish was super yummy and the trio was ok as well. A bit less spectacular as the first two dishes, but still tasty. The lobster potstickers were OK... Can't really tell the lobster part, so not very worth it. The calamari was OK, too... but it had this weird mushiness texture in the inside that I've never had with other calamari dishes. The wait staff was super attentive... The food took about 25 minutes to come out after we got our appetizers. It was my mom's birthday, so they provided a yummy chocolate mini dessert.At the end of the dining experience, we found a spider that had drowned in my dad's water cup. We didn't complain about it though because we figured it may have landed in there recently... or at least we hope it was just recently. Never can anticipate when and where you'll find spiders....
5	We were staying at the JW Marriott so Roy's was an easy choice and a good one.  We went to Ocean Prime later in the trip and that was $15/person more and not half as good.Beef short ribs were outstanding - you can cut them with a fork they're so tender.Ono was outstanding.The meatloaf, yes meatloaf, was better than any other meatloaf I have ever had (don't tell my Mom).We didn't do happy hour but saw the menu and that looks like a good choice if you aren't looking for a full dinner.Best Roy's location of the several I have dined at.
1	Horrible dinner   The butter fish that they recommended was oily and slimy and cold. I sent it back and they brought ahi instead. It was barely edible. They apologized and said they would take the butter fish off the bill but they charged me the full price for the ahi.  Never again. Too many great fish eateries to waste time and money on this.   very disappointing. JW
5	Can not say enough good things about this place, great food, atmosphere.  Total package, always have a good time here!!
1	Really bland food, really overpriced.  Menu has your mouth watering, but you should eat the menu because all the preparations are dull.  No bread, edamame,  I like it but others don't.  Asked for salt and got it half way through the meal.  Fish was good quality but really for the price it ought to be.  Tempura was very oily, I have had much better in no frills ethnic places in Chicago a million times.  $220 for 2 of us, and the wine was not that pricey.  Save the money, go to Red Lobster....
4	Roy's is a chain that I've been going to for years.   We like to try different places but sometimes you want that place where you know what to expect and still want quality.   It's really my go to place for any occasion.  The fish is always the star for me however I've had a lot of different things on the menu including the filet mignon and the seafood dishes.  The menu changes often, but they always have Ahi tuna and the chocolate souffle is a staple at Roy's.  On Valentines or New Years they usually do a prix fixe. The service is good and the ambiance is just right.  Not too casual but not too dressy.  I can wear jeans, the Mrs can dress up and we are blending.  I don't really care it's a chain either.  Some of my favorite places are technically chains.  Is Roy's perfect on every visit?  No but you can tell that they try to be top notch.   They do enough and the food is good enough to keep me coming back over and over.  Isn't that really the sign of a good restaurant?
4	Great food in a very nice hotel. Good service but I did feel rushed. Not many people as I was in early but I am not a fan of being asked about dessert when I have not finished my dinner.
2	So slow! Waited 30 min between courses. Entree dish was barely warm- the manager removed the charge for the dish. Food was good, not the service I expect at its price point. Disappointing.
5	We ate there during our family vacation.  The experience was great for the whole family.  Our meal was fantastic, swordfish and sea bass.  Our kids, 7 & 10, were taken care of from the time we came in.  They got special glasses, an appetizer plate of quesadillas, apples, and veggies as soon as the drinks came out, and a personalized sundae for dessert.
3	Very Average And Over Priced - Went to this restaurant while staying at the Desert Ridge Marriott. We were greeted by the hostess who obviously needs a lesson in phonetics, as she asked me 3 times how to spell my last name. And why do they need my last name you say? Because the waiter wanted to greet us.Once seated, we were annoyed by 3 couples who were intoxicated and very loud. The waiter re-seated us thankfully. We ordered the dinner salad that was very bland and small. The entrees were good (mahi mahi and shrimp) but not exceptional, but very pricey. Although the experience was tainted by the loud blowhards, we still felt that the experience was much less than expected, and we regretted our choice.
5	My second visit to Roy's left me impressed once again! They are extremely accommodating to your needs. Service was spectacular and the chef even sent some free items over.. I ordered the kimchi fried rice, Szechuan green beans and scallops for my dinner. Very tasty and presentation was beautiful.. I love eating outside when the weather permits. They have a beautiful fire place and the live music can be heard at the table.
5	Where do I start?  The mai tais?  The ono?  The lobster potstickers?  Everything was so delicious.  We were celebrating a special occasion and we got a card and several "drive-by" congratulations from staff.  Be forewarned that this place is spendy.  It's also an "experience" aside from just having dinner.  Although we haven't done their Aloha hour in a while, it's a super deal. If you don't feel like dropping some cash on dinner, do Aloha hour.  It's an excellent value and is a great preview of their entrees.
4	I have been to several other Roy's locations and they have always been absolutely fabulous. Everything from the service, to the attentiveness of the staff, to the delicious food, and gorgeous ambience inside the restaurant. Every staff member you pass greets you- at my home location in Los Angeles (where I celebrated my birthday) every staff member I passed even wished me a happy birthday! Mindblowing stuff. The lobster gyoza are wonderful and I am a huge fan of Roy's Trio, with the misoyaki butterfish, macadamia nut crusted mahi mahi, and teriyaki salmon! The flavors make the food just melt in your mouth. My boyfriend got one of the Chef's creations with Hawaiian ono that he said was amazing as well. We celebrated his birthday and the staff took the obligatory picture and brought out a complimentary and truly delicious dessert for him. It was all lovely and my boyfriend had a fantastic birthday dinner.My only complaint, and the reason I don't give this location five stars, is that the restaurant was large and not that busy. There were tons of open tables in every room. Despite this, we were seated at a table that was literally situated a foot from an open booth nearby (that had a family with young children in it). My chair was the one closest to the booth and I felt not only that I was being intruded upon, but that I was intruding on THEM since my left arm was practically resting on their booth table! The staff couldn't have seated them ANYWHERE else? We were seated before the family was and there was no reason to have us camped next to each other cheek and jowl. It did detract from my overall dining experience, and this place is pricey already to begin with. If I'm going to enjoy a nice $35 entree with my $15 cocktail, I would like to not have a family of four shouting into my left ear.
1	I am not reviewing Roy's for their quality of food but for their customer service.  We loved Roy's. We have been there on numerous occasions and the food is always delicious and unlike a lot of the chain restaurants in our area. This is a "special occasion" place for us (or should I say WAS).As we were being seated, the hostess accidentally knocked the wine glass over and it shattered all over the floor. I realize this was an accident and accidents happen all of the time. I truly felt bad for her. What was not okay was that they haphazardly cleaned up the glass because they didn't want other customers to notice. I still saw several large chunks of glass on the floor near us and scattered nearby other tables. I expressed my concern because there were some young children in flimsy sandals nearby, however, I was dismissed. Our waitress said not to worry, they would be doing a major clean-up at the end of the shift.Toward the end of my meal, my second glass of wine was delivered as the bus girl was simultaneously clearing our places.  She bumped my wine and the entire glass was spilled down my shirt, onto my skirt and onto my sweater. I was completely drenched and freezing. (cold white wine) They offered to replace my wine but my husband politely declined and said we needed to get home so I could change my clothes.The manager came by and asked if I had a glass of wine spilled on me and laughed it off and apologized.  I was standing up, sopping wine off of my clothing and my booth.Next, the waitress brought our bill and apologized and said they would be covering our wine for the evening. One glass for my husband and one glass for myself (as I was wearing my second glass).Seriously?? I find this hugely disappointing as our evening was completely disrupted due to the glass-shattering incident (which rattled us a bit) and being covered head-to-toe in wine.In summary, if you want delicious food at a big price, enter Roy's with caution. People are human and make mistakes but they are not sorry or willing to take accountability and keep their patrons safe, comfortable, or happy.  They were much more concerned with not bringing any attention to their mistakes as I felt both incidences were dismissed very swiftly and without concern for our discomfort or dissatisfaction.
5	Came here for a friend's surprise b-day party.  The manager and staff was so awesome.  They put us in the a private room in the back.  They took our cake to the back. Let us set up the area a little for the b-day girl.  The service was excellent.  The food was great too.  I got the mac and cheese side dish & roasted macadamia nut crusted mahi mahi.
3	Food and service were good.  Prices are reasonable.  The decor/ambience doesn't help them at all.  Felt like I was sitting in a hotel lobby from the 80's.  Recommend that you sit outside and benefit from the hotel grounds.
2	Once again I am completely "under-whelmed".For the price point you'd believe it would be fantastic. Not so much.Ordered the butter fish which is a Roy's classic and received a "new" version on the presentation.The fish was flat and a tad overcooked and the rice was in a shaped triangle.Where was the version atop the forbidden rice?Took two colleagues there for a dinner after a meeting and the bill was right around $300.I am quite sure for $100/person there are better choices in the valley.It seems on more than one occasion at the 2 Roy's in the valley the service has been off. Not, bad per se. Just not what you would expect for a place of this "expected" caliber. A good example would be; the waiter in a clueless fashion interrupting speakers in a business meeting to ask "how the bread tastes?"Why? because your server just started at Roy's last week.Perhaps they have issues with employee turnover as well.Over priced, unprofessional, simply just not that good.
2	Living in Texas the past five years prevented us from visiting our favorite restaurant, Roy's, where we have happily spent many an Anniversary and/or Birthday.  Now back in Phoenix, we went to the Roy's at the Marriott where we have been before.  The food was very good.  My wife had Salmon and thought it was the best she had ever had.  I had the Ono and it was good, if not a bit overcooked.  The service was way, way below par.  Normally at Roy's you are showered with greetings from everyone as you walk to your table.  This night....crickets.  We sat outside and since our last visit (6 years ago), they have formed a large, informal seating area to augment the dining tables.  So, as we are beginning our meal, about 8 people plopped themselves down - all having just come from the pool.  A few were very loud and instantly, Roy's became a Pub.  They ordered pool-side food and the atmosphere was shattered.  Roy's invited this by setting up this seating area.  We finished our meals and the plates sat on the table for nearly 10 minutes as the wait staff disappeared.  This is 180 degrees different from how Roy's used to be.  I spoke with the manager and reminded him that we were there to celebrate my wife's birthday and that we wanted to move indoors to have our dessert and coffee.  They obliged us and were apologetic.  So, all in all, the food remained good, if not overpriced, but the attention, service and outdoor atmosphere took a big bite out of the experience.  Sadly will think twice about returning.
5	Absolutely loved it as always.   The food was great although the Cesar salad was a bad luck for me.   The waitress Alex was fantastic.   Love this place.
1	From the hostesses to the waitress, everything was just wrong. This was my first time in this location, and it will be my last. They need lots of training in customer service and guest satisfaction. They think they got it, but leaving someone standing at the entry without acknowledging, and sitting them next to dirty tables, and waitressses that look at you all weird and managers that respond like if they are so important that they cannot have "bread" because they are too "elegant" is not really nice service.... It is not!
4	Had the grilled fish combo...it was amazing.  I also tried a friend's rib-eye steak.  It was cooked perfectly and all it should have been.  The fried rice was a great side to try as well.  We went with a big group and it was the perfect atmosphere for us.  The service was great.  I have been to other locations and had the same experience.  Love the food and great atmosphere.
1	Had the red dragon shrimp with a side of the Korean spicy chili rice.   Shrimp was bland.  Rice had not flavor and no spice.  Very mediocre meal.  Had an apple desert where they fire roasted the apple.  Was nasty.   Didn't eat it.   Dinner for two was $100 with one glass of wine.  Was worth maybe $25 max.  If your desperate for Asian food and stuck at the JW Marriott order delivery and avoid this place.  You'll save money and have a better meal.
1	I agree with previous review. Butter fish was awful.  Onion rings tasted like cardboard.  Thank goodness it was happy hour prices otherwise we would have let the mgr know how awful the food was.  We will never return!
5	Took the wife and daughter for a belated birthday meal and it was WAY more than we ever expected it to be.   Service was impeccable and the food incomparable besides to the islands themselves...looking forward to our return visit, my mouth is already watering!!!
