4	I can't go near central Phoenix without a visit to Baiz Market. They have everything from fresh baked pita bread to string cheese to Middle-Eastern pastries to a full grown grocery and meat section. Their selection includes foods from the Middle-east, Europe, Africa, and Asia. There has yet to be a spice that I have not found there. My favorite part is the small cafe with fresh food and loads of garlic. You can watch your food being made and pulled from the hot oven. I've had just about everything  but my top recommendations are: chicken shawarma, falafel, and manaeesh (both the za'atar (thyme) and cheese (jubna) varieties are excellent), I have not tried the meat version.
5	You can find all sorts of fresh Halal meat and chicken here. The butcher, Hassan is friendly. They prepare everything like you want it. There is also a restaurant up front which only serves halal food called Al-Hana. The beef shawarma is awesome and so is the rotisserie chicken served with a Garlic sauch which is to die for. And of course it is all halal which is great! We used to live in Tucson and we still would come to Baiz market to purchase all our halal meat because they keep it clean unlike the other so called halal meat stores we have visited. The store is pretty big and they carry indian masalas, European cheeses, a variety of spices and canned goods and also some cutlery and pots and stuff to sell. You will also be able to find a hookah here. They have the best and most fresh pita breads too. Plus they have a large variety of fresh vegetables. The prices are very reasonable except for the halal meat and chicken.  Awesome place. Neighborhood is a little shady and you need to know your way around downtown. There are no other shops around this place so when we go here, we just go to this shop and back home.
5	My ethnic experience isn't rooted in the middle eastern culture, but my fiancee's is, and she goes nuts in here buying some awesome, interesting, and delicious gear like tahini, chick peas, za'atar, feta, etc for making things like hummus, za'atar bread, and the like.  I picked up a half-rack of lamb chops and a side of couscous for prepping ($12) together.  Their butcher is awesome and far different from retail grocery chains in Phoenix.  They have a mountain of hooves, FYI.  Typically, the prices are inexpensive-to-reasonable, but sometimes the rarer items are a bit elevated in price.  That is totally understandable considering the unavailability of this type of product nearly anywhere else in the valley.  They make you put at least $10 on your debit, so be aware, though they have so much good stuff that this fee is easy to surpass.
5	This place is FANTASTIC!! Its not only a market, its also a restaurant, their Beef Shawerma is UNBELIEVABLE! and their service is great, If you shopping for mid-eastern arabic food you can find almost anything there, from Tahini to Molokhiya *traditional Egyptian food*The neighborhood its in is not very good but thats ok!again TRY THE BEEF SHAWERMA!
4	Today's lunchtime quest was to check out Baiz Market. The place is like a mirage. It sits on a barren residential stretch of 20th St. near the intersection of the I-10 and the 51. Don't worry about the car; there's abundant parking and little potential for destruction and mayhem.This is actually a business-within-a-business. The restaurant inside Baiz Market is called Al-Hana, and it's a clean, well-oiled machine. Al-Hana takes up about an eighth of the market's floor space. A young woman was taking orders at the counter and two white-uniformed cooks were models of efficiency. You can see everything being prepared as the aromas of garlic, sumac, and roasting meat fill the air.I had a small order of hummus and a chicken shawarma sandwich. The hummus was enough for four small people or two large people, and it came with a mountain of freshly house-baked pita triangles. It was delicious, but next time I think I'll ask for a slice of lemon on the side. The chicken shawarma sandwich was a miracle of industrial design. It was a perfectly shaped torpedo: juicy chicken, pickles, onion, and garlic sauce wrapped in a perfectly heated piece of flatbread. Make no mistake -- this thing is easy to eat but it's also impervious to collapse. It's the perfect thing to eat in the car (not that I eat in the car), and at $3.99 it's a bargain. For non-carnivores, the menu has grape leaves, taboulleh, falafel, baba, the famous thyme pie, etc. Did I mention the garlic sauce?After lunch, I strolled the aisles of the market. Picture the market side of places like Haji Baba or Middle Eastern Bakery and Deli, but about 10 times the floor space. Spices, bagged pitas and chapatis, green and roasted coffee beans, a full produce section... it's like being in a supermarket from a more interesting place .Definitely check out the glass cases in the back, where the meat guys reign. There are halal meats available and the staff is friendly. Personally, I locked in on the case to the left of the meat counter. Olives. An armada of olives, floating in fragrant oil. Next to the olives, red pepper paste (the ultimate condiment) beckoned. I wanted it all.Head to Baiz Market / Al-Hana for some fertile crescent-y goodness. One tip: as other Yelpers have mentioned, there's a $10.00 minimum for debit and credit cards.
5	Kalamata, Feta, Baklava oh my!  Pita, Hummus, Baba oh my!Just a few of the items that made their way into our cart as we enjoyed our first shopping trip to Baiz Market.  This place is a great resource for hard to find middle eastern ingredients.  We got a nice block of Feta much cheaper than the grocery, for example.There were many items I saw that we didn't get this trip - we'll save them for our next excursion.  Like European Style Ovaltine.  What?  European style?  I was a big Ovaltine fan as a kid - just imagine how much more worldly I will be if a drink European Style Ovaltine purchased at a Middle Eastern Market!  Sprechen sie Global Citizen drink mix?We ate at the little restaurant in the front.  Fabulous!  Four of us shared a plate of baba ganoush, a chicken shawarma wrap, a falafel wrap and of course an order of fries.  The kids insisted they needed the fries because they probably wouldn't like the middle eastern food.  So everything was delicious including the  fries and some serious haggling took place over who got how many bites of the chicken shawarma.  We washed everything down with a pomegranate juice drink, 2 waters and an orange crush.  Perfection!So glad we stopped here!
4	Once upon a time... when Cher was still Cheryl... I sat in my auntie's old El Camino happily eating my strawberry shortcake when my auntie stopped at a red light on the corner of 20th street & Van Buren when out of no WHERE a crack head with a gun tried to car jack us. My auntie yelled and threw an half empty bottle of tequila out the window as she sped threw the intersection. This was more than 10 years ago and things haven't improved much since that day in this neighborhood.When I read about Baiz Market it was from my fellow yelper Jim W. who ranted and raved and even encouraged me to check it out. The other night not having much to do, my friend Ree & I decided to go to Baiz Market which is just north of the intersection where my auntie & I almost got car jacked and check it out. We both have love for middle eastern food and know how to take on scary neighborhoods. When we walked up to the counter of the deli inside the quaint grocery store we were excited and a little scared of what to order. The cashier was SO patient and VERY nice about explaining everything to us! I really must give her props on that. There was a cab driver who was very helpful in explaining the different dishes and even recommended a few items. I listened to Tarek S. and chose the beef Shawerma it was delishous! My friend chose the chicken toolawoosh (is that spelled right?) sandwich which was very good with it's bell pepper, pickles and tomato fixins. We also chose to sample the small spinach pies which weren't that good btw and cheese pie which I could make at home with pizza crust & some cheese and the yummy yummy hummus that came with some pita bread. We also got a bottle of water and a can of imported orange soda. ALL this for only $27! Can you believe that?! The dining area was nice and quiet with mellow middle eastern music on in the background. Everyone kept to themselves and was nice to us even though we backed up the line. After our meal we wandered around the candy aisle in the grocery store and found lil heart shaped boxes of chocolates which - ummm wasn't that great! lol. We wanted to spend a heck of a lot more time going threw every aisle but unfortunatly they were closing so we had to leave. We will DEFINATLY be back! And prolly with a few more in tow. And no, no one tried to car jack us on our way out... but we did see a tranny hooker get questioned by the cops. Maybe if she went to Baiz Market for some baklava instead of walking the streets she wouldn't be in that situation! I'm just saying. To my yelpers, I say go! and when you go, order the beef shawerma and avoid the spinach pies! Oh and get there before 4pm so you can have time to really enjoy your meal without the rush!
5	I've found a new grocery shopping destination...and I think I may be in love. Sure, I don't know what half of the items on the shelves are used for, and I don't really care for dates, but there is just so much goodness in between the mystery items that it doesn't matter. I'm hooked. The produce is cheap and much better than the comparably cheap Ranch market nearby, and you just can't beat a package of freshly made pita for fifty cents. The spice array is dizzying, and I really want to find out what one does with Pomegranate syrup.  One distinct advantage Baiz has over other markets is the meat counter. Where else in town can you get fresh lamb and goat? Baiz market is so great that it now has a place in regular rotation on our grocery outings. As a bonus, the Al-Hana restaurant inside is a great place to grab a cheap but excellent meal during the trip.
5	This store is awesome. They have a great selection of Middle Eastern groceries and products, teas, rice, spices, meat, bread, olives, boxed and canned items, juices, sodas, it is an amazing array.The produce is great, fresh and really inexpensive. There is an on site butcher, something you rarely, if ever, see anymore. There are great deals on fresh, yes fresh, chicken, lamb, goat, beef, fish and more.The restaurant/bakery has an array of amazing and tasty items like hummus, flat bread pies, shawarma, falafel, amazing pitas, small pies, all fresh, made on the spot for ridiculously low prices. The small pies, similar to a turnover with either meat or vegetables, are less than a dollar each and good enough to eat a dozen!If you are a fan of Arabic and Middle Eastern food and/or products, this is the place to go. Or, even for the cultural experience, Baiz Market is well worth the trip.
5	I ventured to Baiz Market with a few of my my friends and boy was it worth the trip!  Al-Hana, the restaurant inside, is the ultimate hole in the wall!  The hummus is so good I could seriously bathe in it.  I had the Chicken Taook which was amazing especially the garlic dip that accompanies it!  I also tried a meat pie for only $.69!  How could I resist?Because we went on a Tuesday night things were pretty quiet.   We wondered the grocery store after dinner and picked out sweets by the pound when we were done with dinner, this only added to the charm!I would definitely recommend checking this place out!  Make sure you have time to peruse the store and order the hummus whether you think you like hummus or not!
4	Baiz Market is a wonderful ethnic experience. I went in for lunch to satisfy my curiosity and was very impressed. The market portion of the store is huge, the produce area was well stocked as were their meats (you can buy an entire goat). I wandered through the isles for quite a while taking in all the exotic spices, they had not only Middle Eastern, but also African and Asian items. There was tons of tikka sauces, red pepper pastes, hummus and baba spreads. The bakery was awesome containing date and fig breads, 50 cent pita packs and little meat pies. They also carried hookahs, tons of shisha and every accessory you can think of to go with them. After my shopping was finished I stopped at Al Hana, the little restaurant inside and had the beef schwarma (as recommended in several reviews). I am hoping it was just an off day, because the schwarma was very dry and grizzly and the pita it was served with was hard. I also ordered the baba ganoush and it was pretty tasty. I washed this down with a rose water (actually tastes just like it sounds but super sweet). All in all this was a great experience and I will definitely be back.
4	Great, authentic middle eastern grocery and super cheap to boot. Don't miss the bakery or the little restaurant. The food is great and you can eat right there. I would recommend the flatbreads. Don't expect anything fancy- very casual atmosphere- but the nice staff and great food will keep you wanting more.
2	I decided to check this place out a few weeks ago considering I heard so much talk about how this is the mother of all middle eastern markets in phoenix. To be quite honest, I had much higher expectations- considering Ive visited middle eastern markets in other large cities across the U.S.They are stocked up on just about all the middle eastern staples like dried nuts, beans, couscous, pickled lemons and various spices. At the mini restaurant in the market I tried the shawarma- the thing is if you cant get a proper shawarma down right then lets not go any further. It was okay, nothing spectacular or I'd drive out of my way to eat.I guess if your in the area and need some middle eastern staples pass by.
4	Can't wait to go back for more discoveries.When I was in Jordan last year, I picked up 2 lbs (or whatever their measure) of assorted baklava for $6 and ate it (with a little help) in five days, while losing ten pounds. Got all that? The baklava diet. Gotta love it.So I went to Baiz hoping for some more amazing baklava. Bought the 1 pound assortment for $16; two weeks later, still some left.  It's delicious, pricier, definitely not dietetic, and not quite the same as Jordanian baklava. Still yummy.Also had the hummus, baba ghanoush and pita. Loved the hummus and pita (very fresh).
4	What a great little market! I was excited to finally find a new ethnic shop to use, and man did I hit the jackpot!  The restaurant, Al Hana, is really great as well. They have a great butcher in the back of the store, all the pastries you could ever want and even a huge hookah case, if that's your bag. If your looking for a great ethic shopping experience, this is it!
4	My husband is the cook and I love when he visits this market. He arrives home with a bag filled with amazing items and money still in the bank! If you are planning on a new meal, you must add this place to you list of errands. Go there during lunch and grab a bite before you shop, mouth watering food!
4	If you need goat or lamb meat, you can get it here. This wasn't the reason for our trip to Baiz Market this weekend--we went for Al-Hana dining, which was delicious. However, the walk through the grocery portion of this place was great. We picked up some produce and feta cheese [I think they make their own: Confirmed, they make their own!] and overall had a great experience.I can't wait to go back and take more time to discover some wonderful products and new foods.
4	Baiz Market is part Middle Eastern market, Lebanese cafe and pita bread factory. We found out about this little Middle-Eastern gem through a friend and headed over there for lunch. The cafe serves everything from shawarma to tabouli along with authentic Middle Eastern refreshments. We had the chicken shawarma, tabbouleh and hummus. All were fantastic and reminded me of dinners with our Afghani friends. The The market carries a wide-selection of Middle Eastern and European foods along with fresh meats, vegetables and a bakery.Baiz is a little off the beaten path, so to speak, but worth the drive to find it and enjoy some wonderful Middle Eastern delights.
2	I was excited to try this after my friend told me what great reviews it had on yelp.  I was not overly impressed.  The employees were kind and helpful.  I ordered a falafel sandwhich, stuffed grape leaves and babaganouj.  I did not care for the falafel as it had a cinnamon type flavoring in it.  I have eaten lots of falafel and this is the only one I have ever had that I didn't really care for.  The stuffed grape leaves were edible but tasted exactly like the ones I get out of a jar from Trader Joes.  The babaganouj was DELICIOUS though.   If you go I highly recommend you order this eggplant dip.  Yum!
5	I'm moving in. The end. This is the most authentic shop (of any variety) that I've seen since I moved to Arizona. It reminds me of the mercados I used to hit up in VA in that it has everything, hookahs to religious art, and of course food. The bakery was a mystery to me. I pointed at a few things, have since tried two of them, and I have no idea what they are. But I like them. There is a huge section devoted to turkish delights, as I sadly found out after making my purchases. Great cheeses! Massive quantities of dried fruits, nuts, olives and canned meats. If you see me brushing my teeth in aisle 4, please don't mess up my cot in aisle 2. Thanks.
5	Wow!  I only wish there were more convenient locations for a tasty shawarma like this in town.  This place is a diamond in the rough but worth the trip off the beaten path.  Praise God for their tasty shawarma!
4	First off I cannot comment on the Restaurant, as I only went here to buy grocery's. That said I am excited about the products this place carries. First off, the Meat counter had Goat, which makes me very happy. It is rare to find Goat in most places. I really liked their selection of meats. Almost as amazing as Ranch Market.The Baklava was OMG AMAZING!!!!!! I had to hide it so I would not continue eating! My only complaint was it was kind of pricey, but it is probably best for my diet that it was pricey, ya know what I mean?They had some interesting produce you don't see most places, although as a whole there produce is limited.Their selection of spices was vast, they probably have anything you might be looking for. Looking forward to go back and try the restaurant...oh and don't forget to pick up some more Baklava.
5	My daughter found this Phoenix gem. The little restaurant inside has the best falafel, chicken shawarma and hummus in Phoenix. It beat Mazza in Salt Lake, too, according to my daughter, and she said that would never happen. Now I find any and every excuse to stop by for a falafel sandwich. New hope for the global future of Phoenix.
5	Although I would like to take the credit for finding this awesome little market and restaurant on my own, I can't... Tucked away on a side street just outside of the heart of Downtown Phoenix, Baiz is one of those kinds of places that I just would have never stumbled across in my usual wanderings had I not been clued into its existence by my good friends over at CenPho.com.With so much awesomeness crammed into such a small place, it's a little hard to decide where to start... Since it is the primary part of Baiz, I guess I'll start with the market... From the first second that I walked into the doors, I was washed over with a feeling that I've missed from my days of living in San Francisco where I would routinely go shopping in a variety of small and authentic ethnic markets. The shelves were fully-stocked with a huge variety of Middle Eastern and Mediterranean products: a multitude of tasty fruit preserves and jams, spices galore, tahini by the jar or bucket (and every size in-between) and even hot ajvar (a condiment that's held a special place in my heart ever since I discovered it in college).But for me the real shining star of the market was the deli and baked goods section. With a glass case filled with an assortment of different kinds olives and cheeses (some of which I've never heard of before) that includes a variety of fresh feta cheeses, it was like love at first sight. But looking just left of the olives and cheeses made me even happier: stacks of fresh, daily-made pita, rows of baklava (honey-drizzled pastries), slabs of halawa (sesame candy), a bin of turkish delight (jellied fruit squares) and pans of mamoul (fruit-filled cookie bars) all seemed to be calling my name... Must... Resist... Temptation... Onto the restaurant.So I know it's not exactly the most culinarily-complex dish to choose, but the epitome of good Middle Eastern fare for me is a falafel sandwich. And while it's not quite up to the level of my all-time favorite from Falafel Drive-In in San Jose, CA (pretty close, though), Baiz definitely makes the best falafel sandwich that I've tried so far in the Phoenix area (and I have tried a few). The falafels were flavorful with a great texture (crunchy on the outside yet tender on the inside) and served with lettuce, turnips, tomatoes and tahini inside a fresh pita (I like to add in some hot sauce as well)... A quick side note: you'll be hard-pressed to find a better deal for lunch in the Downtown Phoenix area ($3 for a wonderfully tasty and filling meal).Although I haven't yet had the opportunity to try too many of the other dishes that the restaurant has to offer (dolmades, hummus, savory pies, etc.) due to the fact that I'm usually too full after the sandwich, I have tried the baba ghannouj, spinach pie and cheese pie. The baba ghannouj has a wonderful smokey flavor and great taste without being overly-infused with garlic. The "small" plate was definitely big enough for 2-3 people to share. The spinach and cheese pies were also great. Made fresh there at the restaurant, all their savory pies are handmade.So if you're ever in need of some tasty Middle Eastern/Mediterranean  ingredients or feel like chomping down on an awesome falafel sandwich, check out Baiz in Phoenix. I think you'll be happy you did.
3	Found this place thanks to yelp. I was excited to try my new hole-in-the-wall finding especially given all the great reviews. I was hoping to be amazed and wowed, but.... alas.... I really wasn't. This review is based solely on the meal itself. Serving size was very generous, but flavor was missing from the chicken. The garlic sauce stuff is amazing though, I will give them that. I'm not quite sure what was missing, but something was. Don't get me wrong, I'd go again if in the area, I just didn't think it was super super awesome. Just as an FYI, the restaurant is within the store itself, which is found in a fairly ghetto part of town. Didn't bother me a bit, but you never know who's out there reading these things.
3	I wanted to love this place but I'm going to have to give it three stars only. The market itself is superb, with pretty much every possible ingredient, an outstanding butchery selling every part of the lamb (and whole lambs), industrial sized blocks of feta cheese, etc.The restaurant is a small kitchen area with maybe ten tables.  The staff is very friendly and accommodating, but frankly, the food we had was good but not great.  The hummus in particular was not garlicky at all. The roasted chicken was a bit dry and the fattoush was, well, to me at least, it was a nice kind of sweet salad, not a proper fattoush.  It was basically lettuce with a bit of tomato and olive.  No cucumbers and no dried pita bread, which is kind of odd since they have a fabulous bakery and the bread was the highlight of the meal.We bought extra bread to go and I'd go just for that.  But as far as the food, I'd go in the neighborhood but it's not quite the mecca of mezzes that I was hoping for.  And if you want to buy a whole lamb, this is the place.
5	Baiz Market makes me happy to be alive. Seriously.Great Middle Eastern grocery items, a full selection of great mediterranean drinks, and an awesome restaurant  to boot (See Al-Hana under Restaurants).I believe this is the only place in town where you can find a full wall of Hookahs for sale in an abandoned videogame case. Seriously.If there is some rare European or Mediterranean candy, snack, or confection that you haven't been able to find elsewhere, odds are you will find it here.  Oh, and you can buy a whole goat if you're into that kinda thing. yeah, just check out the goat-sized cooler by the produce section.
5	I grew up in the Middle East and I have been searching for a tasty shawarma ever since I left.  Finally, I found one at Baiz. I've had both the chicken and falafel shawarmas and they are sooooo good! They are pretty close to the ones I had overseas, but they could be perfect if they put pickles and french fries inside - - Yum! I've also had the zatar (delicious) and the cheese bread (ok, but not like I remember). The baklava, however, is a whole different story - it's absolutely delicious! I could eat their baklava all day long!It's really fun to walk around the grocery store while you wait for your food. For me, it's like a trip down memory lane. It's nice to know that when I'm feeling a bit homesick, I can always go to Baiz and reminisce :)So, if you want a great lunch...head here and order a shawarma, zatar and vimto with a couple of pieces of baklava for dessert. You won't be disappointed. P.S. They have great prices on hookahs here, too :)
5	This review has been waiting and waiting for me to get it out there, so here goes...Baiz market reminds me of Chicago. There are so many great Middle Eastern markets back there that I felt spoiled when I came to Phoenix and didn't know of many. If you think of Lee Lee as the goto spot for all of your Asian cooking needs, then Baiz is the place to go to for all of your Middle Eastern cooking needs. And, with Al Hana (check out my review for that too) right inside to satiate your hunger, Baiz is numero uno in my book! This place is fantastic, the food is fantastic, the prices are fantastic and being able to grab all the ingredients I need to make homemade baba ganoush while snacking on an amazing kufta sandwich, is pretty okay too! =)
5	I wish I was a good enough cook to be able to put all the exotic ingredients this place stocks to good use.   But even for an amatuer like myself, this place is well-worth a visit.  For under $10, I got: 1. dried apricots, 2. dried papaya, 3. baby carrots, 4. small deli container of delish green olives, 5. fresh ginger, 6. a bag of dried garbanzo beans.   Then I went to the restaurant and for another $3, I got a nice sized to-go portion of awesome hummus, which came with two big, fresh pitas.  Yumzo.  Not the most foreign selection on my part, but with prices like that, I will be a little more adventourous next visit.
5	Baiz Market is a "Mediterranean" type restaurant, or "Arabic" type food. Well, you could get confused and call it that. The fact of the matter is though, that this place has a very unique touch. This restaurant is a staple not only for groceries, but also its food. The owner is persian, so you can tell where the tastes are coming from. Its somewhat hidden in the heart of Phoenix, but that's ok, once you are there you will be glad you found it.This place is unique because they make their own bread! Are you kidding me? I only recently found out about this place like 3 years ago, and I've been living in Phoenix for 20 years. The chicken and beef shawarma have a special, authentic taste because of the fresh bread. One of the best parts about the shawarma is not only its amazing taste, but the pricing is very fair as well. I don't think I can stress this enough, but the fresh bread just sets this place apart from all the impostors in the Phoenix metro area. Why haven't the other restaurants caught on? I know of maybe one persian restaurant that makes their own bread, but their pricing makes them a different story (I'm talking about 'The Persian Room' in Scottsdale).I just don't understand how other restaurants can serve the bread that comes in plastic bags from a manufacturer hundreds of miles away. 'Good bread' and 'Arabic bread' are all good forms of pita that have great shelf life due to the ridiculous amounts of preservatives, but they just don't taste fresh.If you like the bread, head to the back of the store and there is a shelf of freshly baked pita bread, its baked throughout the day, I think. I can tell because sometimes my bread is still warm and the bag has a little condensation. Beware though, the bread gets hard and crunchy after a few days, so you really need to use it quickly. This isn't bad, its just I think they choose not to add preservatives to ensure the freshness of the pita.I usually just get the chicken or beef shawarma, but I decided I'd get a kabob plate one day because I also wanted hummus. The beef kabob plate came with hummus, bread, 2 skewers of beef kabob, and some pickles and onions. Wow. The beef kabobs were cooked perfectly, and were EXTREMELY tender. It was a tad bit on the lemony side, but I suppose that was necessary to make it so tender. Perhaps some of the best 'persian kabobs' I have ever had. The hummus was definitely good as well, I can't stand restaurants that crack open a can of premade hummus. This restaurant certainly did not disappoint with the hummus.I know friends in Tucson that make stops specifically at this place for shawarma, and rightly so. If you're weary of persian food, just check this place out. Its not expensive at all, food for two is like $15. The wide variety of ethnic foods is also interesting.
5	This market has the BEST lamb anywhere I have found in the Phoenix area and the prices are extremely good. I love the meat department here and would recommend it to anyone looking for the best quality meat at the best prices.
4	Yet another Central PHX gem that I have heard sooo much about and had yet to stop in at until this past Sunday afternoon.  So many of my Middle Eastern favorites.  But I came to find that you have to come early for lamb and goat as the selection becomes limited.   I loved the variety of cheeses and plain yoguart. The fresh breads and sweets lured my carb loving self to pick up some wonderful fresh goodies.  The menu at Al Hana looked very tasty but I didn't have the time to stop in for a bite.   My sweet tooth has assured me I will be back sooner than I expect, I am sure.
4	A very well hidden gem!  It was a chore to find this place (coming from the SR51), but once we did, we were happy to have found it!.  This place is hidden in the Ghetto, but the food is excellent!  My wife said that it was the best falafel she had had in a VERY long time.  The hummus was fresh and tasty.  The steak "sandwich" (which was a wrap)The pita bread was awesome...  They have a meat and pastry counter in the back of the store...the baklava was soooo yummy!...oh and the portions are LARGE!!4.5 stars!   -0.5 because of the location :P
4	Came here with friends for some Shawarma. Really good and affordable. The three of us each got one plus some other goods from the deli case all for less than $20.They have a seating area or you can take your food to go. Full market of international groceries which seem very reasonably priced. Lots of hard to find items can be found here.
2	We no longer buy our meat from this place because the quality of service and product has been going down and down over the last year or so. After having to throw away the ground beef for the second time, we finally made the switch to I-Mart for all our meat related purchases. When we would ask for extra lean ground beef, we would have to pay an astronomically high price AND it was still not extra lean. It was full of fat and seems like they were mixing in lamb with it too because it stank like hell. I was getting tired of being badly treated by the butchers who conveniently went deaf when we would ask for something (not in Arabic) but would be completely on their toes helping whoever spoke in Arabic exclusively with them. One time when I asked for a woman to repeat herself behind the counter, she literally stared and me for a few seconds and moved over and started helping someone else. I guess we are not good enough for them to help over there. We still like the Al-Hana restaurant and they do offer some good spices that we will go in and purchase but we will no longer be using their meat counter.
5	Don't let the slightly sketchy neighborhood put you off.  Baiz market has some of the best food in town.  The small deli (cafe?  Not sure what to call it) located in the market has all of the staples such as shwarma and falafel.  the prices are cheap, The service is snappy and friendly, and the food is exceptional, especially considering the price.  Wash down your meal with any one of many exotic drinks (or, just choose a diet coke) in the beverage cooler.  Even if you've stuffed yourself silly, wander on back to the bakery.  The assortment of traditional Middle Eastern sweets can't be matched anywhere in town.  Come early and wander around in the market to pick up your selection of hard to find ingredients.
3	Market = Five stars - they have EVERYTHING - including full size doner/kebab roasting machines, which is awesome.   Restaurant = Two stars.  I wasn't terribly impressed.  The seating area is gross, they were out of a few options we wanted to try, and the sandwiches we ordered were kind of bland.  Really cheap, though!
4	A friend and I split a beef shawarma, a chicken shawarma, and a couple of different types of baklavas. And a meat pie.  So we had a total of 7 items and it cost $16. Nice! My favorite was the chicken shawarma, marinated chicken and some veggies with a garlic spread wrapped in a pita which is baked on-premises. The baklava-type desserts consisted of flaky pastry with a custard-type of filling. Forgive me for not knowing the exact names of the ingredients as I know very little about the ins and outs of Middle Eastern food other than putting it IN my mouth! Some of the crusts could be a little oily around the edges. Only enough of a deterrent to remind me not to eat these every day! Service is fast and friendly; I will definetly return!
3	The store market seems like a great market that I'll need to check out at another time. But for my first visit to Baiz Market, I just went to the food counter to order some food.I could comment on the mediocre service, but I really didn't care. I had a chicken shwarma sandwich and a small side of tabouli - which became a large when I realized that I needed to spend more than 10 bucks to use my debit card...I hate it when that happens. The sandwich was plain - a lot of meat, little of anything else. I know that the chicken should be the main player of the sandwich, but I like having enough of the other things as well. The tabouli was also good, but tasted like it was missing something...what, I don't know, but  I've had better.All in all, I prefer other middle eastern restaurants in the valley, and so I'm not sure if I would choose here again for dinner.
4	Love this place.  I can walk the aisles for a long time just looking at all the goods.  They have groceries as well as kitchen supplies.  Everything is priced very reasonably, and the prices on some of their bulk products can't be beat.  The restaurant has cheap and yummy falafel pitas (pickled beets, yay!!) and super yummy spinach pies.  Oder them.  You shall not be disappointed.
5	The prices are super cheap, buy your spices here. Also, the restaurant is amazing. The beef shawerma sandwich with a yogurt drink is incredible. If you get fries, get the garlic butter dip.
5	This place is fantastic - full service grocery of Persian/Mediteranean products, delicious food ready-to-eat at the cafe.  Why pay more to go anywhere else?  Baiz has what you need!  Pita, Hummus, Baklava, Falafel, tahini, mmmmm.....
5	This grocery store/ restaurant has a really good shawrma. The other items on the menu are also good, like the Med. pizza and the small stuffed pastries. The store also has a vast array of Arabic bread and naan. ENJOY!
4	The baklava here is the best outside of the Middle East
5	What a GREAT place to pick up some snacks or lunch on the way into or out of the airport. We flew in and out of Phoenix on either end of a car trip. We found this place on Yelp on the way into town, and stopped there again on the way back out because we loved it so much. It's 5-10 minutes from the airport by car. We especially loved the meat pies, the grape leaves, and the spinach pastries. Don't forget to get a tray of baklava from the sweets counter in the back - they were the perfect snack for a road-tripping family.NOTE: the service is pretty slow. Try calling in your order 10-15 minutes before you get there. You might still have to wait in a line at the sandwich counter, but at least it'll save you a few minutes.
5	We were in the neighborhood and my coworker suggested we stop here for lunch.  I spent a lot of time in the Middle-East, so my expectation is high, and I have to say the food is fantastic!  I had a chicken schwarna and it was hot and good and quick and as good as any I had overseas.  I will go back any time!
5	Hummus, pita, dates, and Vimto!  Such a great place to add some variety in your grocery shopping.  Baiz really caters to the local neighborhood and provides great deals for fruit, veggies, spices, and pita!  Can you beat $.50 cent pita bread baked fresh daily?!There is also a tasty restaurant to pick up shawarma, falafel, and all honey pistachio treats.If you've ever been to the middle east....this will whisk you back to fond memories.
5	One of the best middle eastern market that I've ever been in. It's set up partly as a supermarket/grocery, halal meat/butcher, bread/pastry & prepared food eat in or take-out. Very good selection of middle eastern groceries, fresh pita bread & pastries and decent take out/cafe, especially the spinach pies! Also it's so convenient to the 51 freeway. Every time I'm in the area I stop in. By the way I've never had a problem with the service there, everyone seems to be rather cheerful & helpful.
4	The baba ganuj ("vinete" if you're Romanian) is good. Had a shawarma and enjoyed it. Plus, you can roam around the market and get yourself some European or Asian chocolate or candy.
4	This place ROX.  Cheap store-made Pita bread, and the cashiers are VERY CUTE.Excellent for this type of food.
5	Baiz is a great place for your Middle Eastern grocery shopping needs.  They are stocked with items such as imported mango juice, fresh pitas, a variety of feta cheese, yogurts and kefir cheese, frozen parathas, etc.  In other words, if you need some Middle Eastern grocery items, you will probably find them here.The prices are mostly reasonable and the place isn't the cleanest.  But, I still recommend Baiz as a top Middle Eastern grocery market in Phoenix.
5	Now I know how non-Asians feel inside Lee Lee's...and the best part?  They sold me pure fat for 0.99cents a lb (best to call ahead, though I caught them in the middle of a butchering and they happen to have a slab handy to chop for me immediately), which is wonderful for adding into your own homemade sausages.  I used to purchase the fat pre-pckgd at Lee Lee's but could no longer find it in the past year, so I am glad to have discovered this place!
5	I Loved this place! I can't say enough great things. The owners are the nicest people ever. The food..... To die for!! Prices are great and everything is fresh. I would eat here everyday. Lori P
2	Moderately good food. Less than I expected. Cash needed
4	In a town with arguably dozens of grocery options, Baiz is a unpolished gem. It's on an unassuming sidestreet and the exterior is a typical desert drab, but inside you will find high quality and very reasonably priced international groceries. Greek, Middle Eastern, Ethiopian, Indian and more. Most of the brands aren't immediately recognizable by Americans but that shouldn't be a deal-breaker. We're talking 99 cent hummus, 99 cent fresh baked pita,  condiments of every type and price, and great options for coffee and tea drinkers. This store is very awesome, and I would actually prefer to give this small business my bucks over national chain grocers. They also sell hookahs. Just saying.
2	I want to start saying that I'm new to Phoenix and I searched online and I decide to visit this place and my remarks about this place as the following: Restaurant: I have tried both beef and chicken shawarma; i didn't like the taste of their chicken shawarma so I wanted to try their beef shawarma; this is what I have to tell about their beef shawarma; They use the cheapest quality! Why??? Okay, here is why, I don't know if other people experience that, there is a lot of intramuscular fat in the meat which indicate that the animal stopped growing and they are putting way more fat in their body than what they need to. The more fat is collected in the muscle is going to be harder to trim, therefore the price of that meat is going to be cheaper because of the excess fat in the muscle tissues. This was the reason why I stopped buying that sandwich.
5	Fantastic!  I went to three different markets before I found what I was looking for at Baiz.  Very nice produce, good selection of spices and canned foods.
5	I've always been a fan of ethnic grocery stores, and now I have a new favorite!I stopped in today for the first time, just on a whim.  After wandering around the store and picking up a few interesting items, I decided to get lunch from their cafe.  I had a spicy meat pie and a lamb kebab wrap, and they were both phenomenal - I fear the meat pie may become a new addiction for me.I had a few random questions about some products I was unfamiliar with, and everyone was polite and courteous, definitely a refreshing change from some of the other places I've shopped.  The only challenge with the entire excursion was parking - they've got a very compact lot (and they're popular), so it was a challenge finding a spot that my truck could fit in.  On the upside, there's lots of streetside parking available.Baiz Market, I'm glad to add you to my list of regularly-scheduled ethnic food destinations!
1	I recently bought chicken from the restaurant for takeout and to my surprise when i opened it at home it was dry like a rock, filled with olive oil as if they are passing it as fresh chicken, we threw it away,  even my dog wouldn't eat it.  They were selling it as a whole chicken, cut up and I kind of suspected something when I noticed the cook was picking the chicken from some covered place and didn't see a whole chicken cut up in front of me!Left over chicken from the day before should never be sold to customers and pass it as fresh chicken, they should be glad I didn't drive back and throw the chicken in their face. I would never buy there again and I hope the health department looks into their practice. If you don't have fresh chicken to sell customers, just say that! Don't sell me something old, you won't feed to your own family, you just lost a long time customer!
5	One of the best middle-eastern markets around town second to Haji-baba.
5	Grab some grub before you shop, the restaurant inside Baiz is great, I reccomend the schwarma wraps and falafel. I love this market, the people are nice and sometimes you can find neat stuff for super cheap. "Yes sweetie I do need this banana slicer, you expect me to slice my own bananas? and it comes with an apple slicer, not JUST a banana slicer".
5	For the price, all of the following is true: Awesome butcher, awesome produce, awesome restaurant. Good selection of Middle Eastern and Mediterranean foods that you might have trouble finding elsewhere (ex. soujouk).  Recommended.
5	I adore this locally owned market tucked away on 20th street in central phoenix.  Clean and well organized, from the parking lot all the way through.  Mighty diverse  for its size, with its own bakery, butcher and a little cafe (where you can find the fresh hummus, pies, pita bread, kabob and gyros platters large enough to share..  International flavors with an emphasis on middle eastern.  Flatbreads, cheeses, baklava.  Their produce section is a little weaker but perfectly serviceable if you get a little picky.  I wish they had something besides shamrock brand milk (they do have a ton of yogurt drinks which maybe you are supposed to use the same way as milk - anybody know?). Here is the best part.  We went for lunch and the entire bakery aisle was full + there were about 50 whole chickens in the butcher case.  I returned the same night after 6 pm to do grocery shopping and found about 10 packages of flatbread remaining, with a sign directing customers to the freezer section.  Over on the butcher side the 50 chickens were completely GONE and the butcher was busy cutting more.  No doubt I got a fresh one and it is encouraging to see them doing such a brisk business.  Planning to make this my summer go to grocery store to keep my dollars local!  Sure they are missing some of the traditional grocery store staples but it will be fun to invent new dishes with what is here.  A perfect place to shop on your staycation and make ethnic food 'as if' you were there!Ps the parking lot has these faux log tree posts that made me smile and wonder what the heck this building used to be....some kind of western saloon or?  Reminded me of something you might see at the old knotts berry farm back in the days before roller coasters, when they were known for fried chicken, jam, burro rides and panning for gold.  If I see a burro tied to one of these hitchin' posts someday I wouldn't  bat an eye.
4	I love this market for Middle Eastern/Indian food supplies. Pickled turnips, cheap phyllo, spices galore! I'm in heaven. The pastries and pita for sale are equally delicious. I've yet to try the butcher, but will be back soon to hopefully get some high quality halal meat. The best part thus far--eating at the restaurant inside the grocery.If there was a 4.5, they'd win it...simple cafe inside Baiz Market. I ordered entirely too much food to-go and was not disappointed by the price or taste!! Large hummus, baba ghanoush, tabouli (entire package of house-made pita included) + falafel wrap and shawarma wrap = about $30 and is enough food to eat as leftovers for days. Best of the best was the baba ghanoush. You can really taste the roasted/charred quality of the eggplant and it is balanced perfectly with the tahini. I love the slight chunkiness of the puree that really highlights and respects the ingredients. (Grade: A+++)The falafel sandwich/wrap was also AMAZING! Great balance of pickles, tomatoes, tahini, etc. Cheaper than the other wraps (though all are super cheap given the quality ingredients, this is about $4) and the staff favorite. (Grade: A)I asked the gal taking my order what her next fav wrap and followed her suggestion of the chicken shawarma. This was certainly good, but I'll definitely stick with the falafel. (Grade: B+) Tabouli was also spectacular! I would have preferred a bit more lemon, but was pleasantly surprised that they didn't overload it with bulgar (huge pet peeve of mine). (Grade: A) Lastly, the hummus is flavored more strongly with tahini than other hummus I've tried from M.E. restaurants, but texture is fantastic and I'm a fan! I'd say it's a standard hummus that won't blow your socks off, but is still certainly delicious. If you are new to hummus, this is the perfect intro. (Grade: A-)All and all, everything was well worth the trip, money and calories. The large sides fill up an entire full-size to-go box.  I will be back for sure!!
5	8 different kinds of olives prices range from $2.69-4.99/lb, great deal because they are $8.99/lb in the regular grocery store.Pair them up with fresh feta and pita and you're set.
4	Great place. You definitely aren't going to find this place casually driving around town.   If your looking for ambiance this isn't your spot. If you want unique, great food, then this is your place.  You will leave full and feel like you learned a bit about different cultures.
4	While the restaurant inside this store is nothing particularly exciting to rave about (see my review), the store itself is the real gem.  Compared to Haji Baba --- in my mind, the only real compeititor in the Valley --- which has a small, but very good selection of Middle Eastern and other "affiliated" foods, Baiz Market is much larger and has much more to choose from.  They have a variety of cheeses and lebni (labna) in the dairy area that is unmatched.  They also have a good selection of frozen lamb, whitefish and other goods, which are uncommon and very difficult to find in the Valley.  Finally, we bought a medium tray of mixed baklava to compare to Haji Baba's offering and they're quite superior.  I have no doubt, that, although not in a good neighborhood and very "industrial" looking, this grocery store is THE place to go for all kinds of Middle Eastern products.It also doesn't hurt, that it's located in central Phoenix.  For those of us who live in the West Valley, that's a significantly shorter drive than trekking all the way to Tempe.
4	Great place to shop at when you're needing ingredients to make some homemade Middle Eastern food. They have several choices and brands of everything you could desire. Just pick out some tasty recipes at home and bring in your shopping list.Normally get the ingredients to make fresh Tzatziki, Hummus, and some Beef and Lamb Gyros or Kabobs. Last time picked up some Jordanian Green Zaatar. Saw them make it on a DDD show. Just mix it with some olive oil and add a little chopped onion and tomato. Really good on freshly toasted pitas or even English muffins.My favorite here is the amazing butcher section with all the different cuts of the lamb. Hearts, livers, kidneys, tongue, rocky mountain parts, and even the head. The Chicken case also looked nice and got my attention.Nice Pita Bread selection and then some. Had to pick up a few extras to put in my freezer. You can even use these to make personal size pizzas by adding a little sauce and some cheese. Cool project for the kids when they are needing a treat.Looking forward to trying their restaurant on my next visit. It always smells good and is packed with hungry people. Had several Yelp friends recommend it. Hi Guys!Kinda tucked away in a small neighborhood off the freeway. Place gets really busy and parking can be tricky. This place is like a top secret OASIS in the Desert. TOUCHDOWN!4 STARS
4	Al Hana, their restaurant inside of the grocery store is a total 5 stars!  This review is for the Baiz Market, the grocery store.  For us, this is a great "go to" place for some key items we need from time to time that our local grocer doesn't carry and/or they offer a better quality.  Some of the items we shop for while at the Baiz Market; ~the BEST place in town to get your pita bread!  Both white and wheat and in different sizes.  ~they have a fantastic selection of middle eastern spices especially curries.  ~they have some great butchers that will chop, slice and dice every part of a lamb, cow or goat.  ~they butcher fresh ground to 30/70, 20/80 and 10/90 ~a great selection of nuts, sesame seed and olive oils, curries~some great pastries Sometimes they have seasonal produce you may not find at your local grocer but you have to search for it.  Their produce is not one of their qualities.  It's a great place to pick up some groceries and have a bite to eat!  Maybe I'll see you there.
2	First Visit Expierienc4 star on variety of items on the shelves1 star on the beef shwarma in the restaurant-chewy, fatty, dry, tasteless little scorched pieces of meat on top of rice--Enough said!!Go shopping but skip the restaurant.
5	The neighborhood may be rough, but the market is really a hidden gem.  This is the Middle Eastern market you need to go to in Phoenix.  They actually have injera on sale regularly!!!The shish taook was wonderful.  My wife and I enjoyed the sandwiches.  If you can get over the neighborhood, it is a wonderful place.  The surrounding neighborhood appears rough.
5	Great place to find eastern Mediterranean and Middle East groceries. Love the cheeses, fruits and vegetables, meats and bakery. My favorite thing to do is order food from Al-Hana when I arrive (middle eastern cafe on site) and my take out is ready when I am ready to check out. I love the multicultural environment, people from the Caribbean, Muslims, Christians, Hindus...
4	I can't believe I've been shopping here this entire century and haven't written a review - well timed at least - this is my 100th.First and foremost - they make their own yogurt and labneh. Secondly, the spinach and herb mixture in their spinach pies is the best this side of lower Atlantic Avenue in Brooklyn. Now that I think of it, several brands in here I haven't seen since Brooklyn.Their fresh produce section is big, varied, and fresh. They butcher their own meat.  They have an excellent selection of honeys, herbs, spices, olives and flat breads. Best of all, on many Saturdays, I find I'm the only native English speaker in the place.
5	I love shopping at specialty markets like Baiz Market.  My quest was for merguez sausages which they sadly did not have, but I found a number of other unusual items for my cupboard whilst browsing here.  They have harissa (Tunisian red pepper condiment), very affordable fresh lamb meat, and super low priced fresh pita bread (79 cents a package... ridiculously cheap)!I also picked up some other items I was thrilled to find.  I bought Tamarind Syrup, which I intend to use in some Tiki cocktail creation (the Monkeypod, if memory serves). I also grabbed some canned hummus and canned baba ghannoush.  If these taste comparable to fresh, I may keep it stocked in my pantry at all times (to impress unexpected guests)!  I noted that they have ground lamb and beef kababs in the freezer section that I have to try.  I have fond childhood memories of an Egyptian friend bringing these to family barbecues, and have not been able to duplicate them since.I couldn't complete my shopping experience here without sampling something at the in-store snack bar (Al Hana).  I ordered a Chicken Schwarma sandwich (wrap) to go and was an instant fan.  I enjoyed it at home with my own bottle of sriracha at the ready.  This is a bit different from other Chicken Schwarmas I've had for one notable reason... the inclusion of pickles.  I think it was pickled okra actually, but for sure, the entire wrap was delectable.I'm coming back to Baiz Market for all of the goodies I spotted and for others I have yet to discover!
5	Been here a bunch of times. Great food and inexpensive. Everything is good, but chicken shwarma and falafel are my favorite.
4	Good quality halal meat which is hard to find. Also good freshly baked sweets.
3	I jus t went to the store it was iust ok. It didn't really cater to the food we wanted which was African food it was mostly Middle Eastern and I saw Greek accompaniments. They had no fresh hot peppers like habenero or plantains so we headed to Rancho Market which had lots of fresh ingredients. We did purchase goat meat. Make sure you "pull" a number otherwise you will be standing around like I was looking crazy.
5	Good food. Tried the lamb kabob plate and the roasted chicken. Both were good. The meat was tender on the chicken and the kabob had good flavor. Environment is good it's a mix of restaurant and grocery store.
5	This is the best place to find large, gooey, fresh dates! It is hard to get out of the door without a spinach pie or baklava.
5	Love this place. I discovered it a couple of years ago and go there fairly regularly now. Great prices on produce. Lots of specialty items that are difficult to find elsewhere.The restaurant is excellent. We fell in love with their chicken shawarma sandwiches and get them all the time. The pastries are fantastic too.
5	This is the kind of place that gives ethnic food lovers dream about.The market itself specializes in all kinds of ethnic, mainly Middle Eastern and Arabic, fare, Fresh and varied....the bread is freshly baked, soft and fragrant. People buy it by the cart load. The meat market sells everything from testicles to tongues...dont go near the butcher if you are squeamish!The Al Hana restaurant makes most things fresh to order it but they also keep a ready supply of things like meat pies in the cooler to serve you faster. Eat in or take out.The Babaganoush, Tabouli and Humus are about the best you can get. Take home plenty of Pita bread to scoop it up with.Hookah pipes and supplies line the walls near the exit.
5	Baiz Market is a wonderful Middle Eastern grocery that has everything you can think of. We buy all our meats here and the butcher prepares it for you right then and there based on your requests (very lean, no fat, etc.). Their pita bread is baked fresh everyday with no preservatives. It is also super cheap, about 89 cents a bag but good quality. We always buy 10+ bags at a time and just freeze them because we live about 30 minutes away. They also have a wide variety of fresh cheeses, olives, sweets, and a restaurant in the front that serves Arabic foods. Ask for Abeer if you need any help when you're there! She is very helpful and treats you like a truly valued customer.
5	If this place wasn't 10miles from my house I would frequent it all the time!! I went on the road trip here seeking Pomegranate Molasses...yes it is a thing.  They had 4 kinds to choose from!  Mind you I had been to Fry's Marketplace, Whole Foods and Trader Joes trying to find the stuff!  As a side note the Trader Joes 'guy' told me to come here after doing a bit of googling!  FYI Pomegranate Molasses is $27 on Walmart's website!!! At Baiz they have four kinds ranging from $2.49-3.99!  So they are extremely reasonable.  The vegetables section is very fresh with a great variety of vegetation.  If you are making anything from scratch Baiz has amazing ingredients and obscure items to make exotic dishes!  The customer service was very friendly; there were only two cashiers open and decent lines.  But really no big deal, I was tantalized by the yummy looking foreign chocolate bars surrounding the register, but somehow managed to resist!  Just being in Baiz Market inspires me to want to cook more!!  I will be back.
5	Love the food and the grocery store it is inside of. You feel like you've been transported overseas for a moment. They even carry that elusive Ethiopian spice berbere (spl?). Master Chef eat your heart out!
5	I was told about this grocery store/restaurant from a Coworker it's excellent across the board.  The meat section, baklava, pita bread, & restaurant are simply the best.  The meat is mainly Hilal which is similar to kosher.  Clean, clean, omg clean,  I'm sorry did I say how clean it is.  The service & politeness of the staff makes me feel ok about the grocery store prices.  Lately going to the traditional grocery stores makes me feel angry about my shopping experience first the customers rude & then the staff incompetent.  Age [40's] I know plays a huge factor for me now remembering excuse me & parents who made sure their children were well behaved.  At this store I was pleased with even the customers total breath of fresh air. Now the restaurant nothing fancy being a Tempe native this is Phoenix' Haji Baba; for those who know about that wonderful middle eastern restaurant/grocery store but the go next level with fresh meat & a larger store option.  I recommend a visit shop & do lunch or dinner.My food recommendations the chicken shawarma, grape leaves, & baklava; yummy.
4	Great market. I work downtown so this is a convenient stop before heading home. I can find what I'm looking for here, including bulgur wheat, pita bread, labne, molokhia, bamya, and more. I've bought some delicious chocolate wafers here as well. Don't really check out the produce or meat department, but the pita bread is fantastic, fresh, and frugally priced. Comes in white and wheat and two sizes: small for .79 and large for .99. Always busy with people when I go but I've always found a parking spot. I usually don't take a cart or basket and regret it when I'm trying to carry all of my items to the counter. Don't be like me, grab one when you walk in.
4	Pretty nice place honestly nice employees and great service def will be returning great food great people recommend it to everyone
5	This place is hands down the best middle eastern food in Arizona (yes, even Pita Jungle..).Go to the counter and order cheese bread and schwarmas.  Little area to eat and great place to people watch.  Very diverse crowd from literally all over the globe.  The rice is the best!
3	I wanted to find a chicken schwarma / hummus place closer to phoenix, seems that all the good ones like haji babas are in Tempe.  So we went here, the emphasis is mostly on the market.  The eating area is typically small, and the tables were a bit dirty.  You order your food at the window and pick it up.Overall the food was pretty good but I didn't like the thin pita bread compared to typical pita.  The schwarma and rice were good.  The hummus was ok.  I wish they had a plate that offered, schwarma, rice and hummus.  I had to order a full size side of hummus to try it out.There are no fountain drinks and only salt and pepper on the tables.  I was dying for some Sri Racha aka rooster sauce but they don't have any available.  My friends each ordered the boiled lamb and they loved it.  I would give this restaurant 3.5 stars.
