2	If you don't mind paying a ridiculous cover charge to listen to loud, live music you could hear just about anywhere else, and don't particularly care what you're drinking, this is probably a really fun place. The coolest things about it are that it's a huge space and they have coin lockers so you can ditch your backpack, purse or briefcase and have fun all night hands-free with nothing but your ID, cash or credit card and that orange key in your pocket.Would I go here again? No. Why? Because they don't have any whiskey!  I know it's a glorified All-American bar. But if you're going to call yourself Whiskey River, carry some bourbon I haven't already had a million times!  Wild Turkey (crap!), Makers Mark (crap!) and Johnny Walker (bo-oring!) hardly create an amazing selection of booze. Maybe I'm completely missing the point. But I'm a whiskey drinker and there's no notable selection of whiskey, whisky or even moonshine here. Call it "Swill River" and stock nothing but "well" labels and you won't disappoint.Also I have no interest in the electric bull gazing crowd. That's usually a half step from a strip club, with guys ogling and girls just trying to get in and out of the spotlight. But Whiskey River is a really cool looking bar with cow themed booths, lava lamps and seemingly friendly people just out for a good time.
4	At first thought, you're going to think a bar owned by Little E (Dale Jr), is a country music bar with a laid back atmosphere. But this is the complete opposite of that. In my few times here, I have yet to hear a country song & there is nothing laid back about this bar.The dance floor is huge & always crowded. The key is making it onto the stage area to the 2nd dance floor that's a little less crowded. The music is usually hip-hop & pop, & usually keeps the tempo upbeat. For me, it's a great place for someone that likes to dance to rap & hip-hop. But if you don't prefer the dance scene, you can hang out in the bull riding area to catch the willing getting tossed around. There are 2 main bars, along with beer tubs throughout. But if you have a card, expect to wait a good while at either bar to get a beer. And beer isn't cheap, so along with the $7 cover, expect to spend a good chunk of change here. So don't judge Whiskey River by it's name and/or owner, because you will be completely fooled by spending the night there. Expect loud music, lots of dancing, expensive beer, & a great time.
2	I was surprised and relieved to find that Whisky River is not a shrine to Dale Earnhardt Jr. Still, it's a haven for his adoring middle-aged fans and very much a tourist trap. There is even a stand selling Whisky River T-shirts, hats and other merchandise. If you're not into NASCAR, you definitely shouldn't go during a race, which dominates all 20 TVs in the bar. Whisky River is a private club, so if you're going for the first time, you'll have to go through the annoying process of waiting in line and filling out a membership form. You'll also have to pay a cover to get in.Unlike other EpiCentre hotspots, Whisky River's crowd isn't very dressed up. Most women wear jeans and halter tops; most guys wear jeans, collared shirts and baseball caps.  With three large bars and several beer tubs, there are plenty of spots to get a drink in the smoky, packed bar. And I'll admit that watching people (mostly women) tackle the mechanical bull can be entertaining. A big plus is that it's right off the light rail.
2	I'm giving this bar/club a 2-star bc of the intense amount of country music that was played in the first part of the night. True, I am not a Charlotte resident and I was there with a group of friends, just visiting for the weekend and might have made a mistake in going to a country bar. But nonetheless, I thought at least they'd play a mix of country and contemporary. Sadly, the contemporary dance music did not kick in until the dance floor was too packed to dance. Drinks are reasonable ($3.50 for a bottle of Miller Lite, $6 for mixed drinks) and there is a mechanical bull in the back near the exit, which makes for good people-watching.On the Sat. night we visited, there was some kind of fire drill which took out the whole place. One minute we were drinking and having fun, the next all the lights went on and we were ushered out into the bar for no reason. Or, at least not a reason my group could figure out. The group of bars in the area where Whisky River is located seem like fun, but the plaza is still under construction and it was a little hard to tell where things were located. We popped into Blackfinn too but it was v. v. crowded. Whisky River is prob. more geared towards the "just out of college, just want to drink and dance" crowd, and if that's your scene you'll enjoy it. If it's not, go somewhere else.
5	I gave Pat White a low five here after his 332 yard performance against the Heels. I tried buying him some drinks but he disappeared into VIP section.I love West Virginia Mountaineers Football (I mean, seriously, I live for it). Pat White is the greatest player in the history of WVU football.  This could have been the worst place I've ever been, I'd still give it 5 stars.If you're visiting from other cities, I'll give the analogy (to decide if you want to go). If you've been to Chicago, this is like John Barleycorn Wrigleyville, if you're from DC, this is like the Clarendon Ballroom or Tom Tom's. Meaning, don't go here if you're not completely inebriated.
1	Whisky River, where the whiskey flows like molasses on a cold day.You'd think that a place with a mechanical bull, costumed patrons and an affinity for country music would harbor a playful vibe.  But playful is not a word I'd use to describe Whisky River.Like others on Yelp have said, drinks are distributed at a snail's pace.  And they're expensive for a bar of this class.  Enforcing my claims about the horrible vibe at Whisky River, the space surrounding the bars is a mixture between the floor of the stock market where customers thrust fists of cash at bartenders as they walk by, and a mosh pit.  I understand that when a bar is busy, you have to expect the employees to be busy.  But maybe they could use some of the $20 they charged just to walk into the place for hiring a couple more bartenders?On the Saturday night I came here, the fire marshal could have had a field day.  It took approx. 5 minutes to weave our way from one side of the building to the other.  Literally, wall-to-wall, shoulder-to-shoulder people--and this place isn't small.And that doesn't help the moods of the patrons.  Everyone seemed aggressive and pissed.  The guy operating the mechanical bull pulled girls out of the line waiting to ride, selecting the girls with the shortest skirts and biggest boobs.  Mysteriously, the bull faced away from the operator for the vast majority of the rides, coincidentally facing the exposed posteriors of the riders to the leering eyes of the man with the joy stick.  At Whisky River, the bulls don't buck so much as they vibrate in a jiggle-inducing seizure.  And while I'm sure the following experience is a rarity, it is, in my opinion an ugly snapshot of the mood at Whisky River.  On our way out of the bar, walking down the sidewalk, someone threw a glass bottle at us from the balcony of Whisky River.  Is shattered on the handrail next to my wife.  Thankfully, it didn't hurt anyone, and the cops saw the whole thing go down and ran in to try and find the culprit.  But needless to say, I won't return to Whisky River anytime soon.
3	I can't give this place a lower rating, because my co-workers absolutely loved the "atmosphere" (we stood right behind the two scantily clad women selling beer out of a tub...and women were basically falling all over them since they look good and dress well).  However, I can't give it a higher rating, since a) they charge a cover, even on Tuesday nights.  Ugh.  b) it's a trashy, crowded club not unlike the ones I loved as a college freshman, which is not my scene anymore...Still, I had no problem getting served quickly by the bartenders (although I should note they were all guys), and I thought the crowd was more polite than I've experienced in similar settings.  Plus it was a 50-foot stumble from the door of our hotel.  So take the advice of another reviewer and go...as long as you are already in your happy place.
1	Hands down the WORST night club (or whatever you want to call it) that I have been to. I actually went way back in April, but didn't remember that I wanted to review it until recently.  Tank Tops, flip flops and "Don't Stop Believing" is not my idea of a good time! Don't make it to Charlotte that often but Will NEVER go back to this place and would NEVER recommend it to anyone else!
2	Yeah!  Bud Light specials and 20-year-olds!   If you're lucky you can get your drunk mug on Lazy Day!  Sorry just not for me.
2	When is bar first opened I was excited!  I thought the concept was awesome and it would be like a neighborhood bar.  Instead it is nothing but a tourist attraction for race fans with the need to do all things Dale Jr.  I've been three times hoping it would get better but if I want to drink overpriced beer with a mediocre atmosphere, I would not go uptown to do it..  And if you don't like Whisky River and trot down to Suite, it is also a total bomb... The only reason I gave it two stars is 1, it has beer, and 2 it has a bull....
2	I dunno, I was drunk when I got there.  It's amateur night there every night! They have a mechanical bull.  You might find yourself looking up at the sky wondering if it was 8 seconds.  Trust me it wasnt.
3	I enjoyed this little place and It was my second stop for the night, the bar tender (mark) was really great and very helpful. The atmosphere during the fall early evening is great and it was fun to hang out with the football crowd. The mechanical bull wasn't running but my boyfriend and I were told we should come back for bull riding night.A tad over priced and there was no cover charge when I went, however that could be seasonal. Good early night stop.
3	This is about as country as I will get! There is usually a 7-10 cover charge, but they have nights and times when you can get in free.I have been here many times with CLT friends and someone always ends up riding the BULL, which I must say is probably the only reason we go here. I am more of a posh lounge type girl myself.. chill, listen to bands..  lay back on big cushy sofas and drink smart cocktails.. OH.. that is NOT Whiskey River. This is the place to wear your daisy dukes and cowboy boots and listen to pop, r&b, techno and a lot of countryish DJ music while dancing, ordering drinks and hopefully NOT slipping on all the spilled drinks on the floor. If you want a get down dirty time, you will like it here. If you are looking to chill and be seen.. maybe Suite or Kazba is better for you in the same area..  there is also a great Piano bar above Whiskey called Howl at the Moon that is fun too..
3	Is it possible to feel old and have fun at the same place? Well that's how I felt last night at Whisky River. The part that made me feel old - The 20 something year olds sporting tight clothing and bumping and grinding on the dance floor. I became that gal who points at the drunken dance fools and laughs (only that used to be me just 5 years ago!). Also the DJ was schizophrenic and went from 90's hard rock to country w/o transition. OK. But every now and then there was a good song from the mid 90's that they'd play and we couldn't help ourselves but dance (part of feeling old and having fun). Plus the plastic bull ride in the middle of night club type of space is just plain hilarious and can only crack you up. So yeah, Whisky River had its good points and not so good points (don't miss having a 20 year old's butt hit my purse!). Still I'd rather do karaoke and that will be my next move on a night out in Charlotte!
4	I had the time of my life with my greatest friends during a road trip to see my WVU Mountaineers play in the 2009 Bowl Game in Charlotte. The whole venue played host to the winning Mounties and our crazy country antics! Nothing Greater after a BIG Win that Booze, Music and A Mechanical Bull to throw us around! my grls and I had an amazing time with our freinds whom a had worked so hard all season! Next time I'm in the Charlotte area there is no doubt in my mind if I will be back at Wiskey River....
4	Ok.. You ready for this... Please read the whole review and dont stop before the ending... hahaha.  We went to W.R. on the Snooki (jersey shore) look alike contest night.  ON ACCIDENT!! But it ended up being hilarious.  Girls came dressed up like her and there was a $300 purse to the winner.. Then Snooki, aka the Jersey whale, showed up out of nowhere sipping on a huge purple drink.. My eyes couldnt believe it.. Other than that, the place was so lively and had a huge bar.  Not to mention a bull that you could ride in the back for free.. That is something special.  All the bartenders are beautiful and it is a typical college esque bar.  Dancing and lots of drinking.. I would highly suggest trying to go for bottle service though.. That is the way to do it. -Ian M
4	Some new friends invited me here one evening and I really had a good time: loud but good music, big crowded dance floor, good mix of guys and women (though much too young for me) and plenty of cushy seats and staff serving drinks (at least in the VIP area). Lots of bouncers around inside but not sure why as all the customers seem to be drinking and having a good time with no sign of belligerent drunks. Not the place to go if you are on a budget but otherwise I would recommend it for a good time.
3	The waitresses and dancers are quite good looking.  The crowd is diverse (age, some race), with a mix of music that goes into the 80s/90s/00s.  The dance floor gets crowded.  I mean, like really really crowded.  Nice venue though.There's bull riding in an area.  Please, no guys (not a rule, but who wants to see a dude on a bull in a bar?).  Girls, sure!  =]
4	Had a really great time here, tons of people and really good music, and the thing I remember MOST clearly was that there was NO line for the women's bathroom! Maybe girls are just lower maintenance or more considerate than in NYC, but I was so impressed with the lack of a bathroom line.
2	Not my kinda place, but only based on my personal taste. Drinks were kinda weak despite the price, bar tenders weren't flat out rude, but not exactly customer service oriented, and if there's no band playing the only thing to do is watch the drunks ride a mechanical bull in the back of the bar. Sounds like fun at first, and I even gave it a ride, but after about 1/2 hour of watching the same attention whores hop on the back of a fake cow I would've killed for bar game of some type. That's probably my biggest whine about the place is there is not much to do beyond stand there or maybe cut a rug if the band is jammin. Not even a dart board or a pool table. If you're in to the meat market scene, you'll probably like it...just not my cup-o-tea.
2	Everytime I've been here, It's the same thing. Too many people, generally The same age as my parents. People drop their drinks and no one cleans up the broken glass. Bartenders kind of suck, but are at least nice when you pay them. It's just far too expensive to get in. Not really a fan
2	Calling all cheeseball 20 yr olds find your Ed Hardy shirts or your plaid button-downs tucked into your faded jeans.  Seriously.  Ladies dont get on the bull.  It just isnt hot.  Period.  I dont care how hot or drunk you are, it is just embarrassing....horrifying....if your mother could see you now...you would be in BIG trouble young lady!  The only thing I can say positive about this place is that they have my beer there and you get a lot of free drinks because the VIP lounge looks down on the bar by the dancefloor.  Just know what you are getting into when you walk in the door.  Ug!
3	Looking for a sub-25 year old party in the Epicentre nightly...here you go! Place is A-OK. You've got a few bars, a stage area for bands and a riding bull for the drunks to make idiots of themselves. You'll find some cheap specials from time to time, but also a cover charge most nights. A little pretentious in my opinion, but that's Epicentre for you. They play good music and when PBR is $1, dropping by fr a few is a must. Staff is always friendly too.
1	Don't waste your time. Overpriced, boring, and full of drunk grenades. Customer service is awful. My buddy and I decided we would go since they were offering free cover before 11pm. We arrived 10 minutes after 11, and although our whole party had arrived, they still charged 7 to walk through the door. We decided we would just go to Mez or Kazbah so went to leave. A friend came out and begged us to stay, so we decided to bite the bullet and pay cover (the last time we had went it sucked so we were apprehensive).We went to the line, and the manager said he wasn't letting people in for a minute. We had already been carded 5 minutes before but he decided to make us wait and be ID'ed again. 15 minutes goes by as they are checking in more and more grenades from the VIP line, and then we are finally let in. Within 5 minutes my friend and I had dropped over $30 on 2 drinks and cover. The wait at the bar was another 10 minutes. My 3 goals entering the bar was beer, shot, bathroom. I completed my mission at 11:50, 40 minutes into my one and only Saturday night of the week. What a waste of time.The music was awful, Rod Stewart, really?? I didn't hear one song that I haven't heard a million times before. We retreated to the smoking area, the only part of the place I found bearable. There was an amazing amount of girls that could not hold their liquor acting trashed out there. Not normal trashed, more like first-time-I-ever-drank-so-I-decided-to-chug-a-bottle-of-everclear trashed. Words of wisdom: No one wants to do you if you are a puke time bomb.We asked if everyone wanted to go somewhere else for a drink and dropped Kazbah as an idea and a girl walks up with the heaviest accent ever and says "Kaaazbuh? Eww, isnt thAt a PUURSHUN place?!" ...... that sentence sums up my recommendation. If you have an aversion to 'PUURSHUN' places, please keep the rest of uptown fun and go to Whisky River! Otherwise, don't waste your time.
1	Ew.  This place gives me the creeps.  I think of vomit, STD's, Jersey Shore wannabee white trash, and cougars when I think of this place.  I can always tell who is going to Whisky River when I'm walking through the Epicentre.  It's always the people already so drunk they're tripping over themselves acting like they're in designer clothes but really wearing the clearance rack from Wet Seal (2 sizes too small).  And can you really be VIP in a place that has a mechanical bull? C'mon.  I know it's the south, but how redneck can you get?
3	Mechanical bull...pretty great music...and definitley one of the more "happening" places in uptown Charlotte.  They have a lot of events and contests here, and it is definitley more of the younger 20 something crowd. I don't like going anywhere I have to pay a cover to get in and I do hate the amount of bachelorette parties that parade through this place, but certain things can't be avoided.  Because it is so huge even when it's packed it's not crazy like Blackfinn nearby ( which goes bizerk on weekends).  For the guys there is always something to look at...over 2 dozen hot young women in short shorts and cowboy boots man the beer stations positioned throught the dance floor while dancing with a ferocity rivaled by the Coyotes.  Not the best place before 9 pm or on a week night, but worth the adventure if you're bar hopping through the epicenter.
2	Don't remember all very well but I know it's more of a young relaxed crowd that frequent this club. Whisky River comes with a country vibe to it. I first came in here back in '08 or '09 with some friends in which I got us a table and had a fun time dancing and watching drunk chicks get on some mechanical bull they have in there yeah fun time.Now, move forward to 2011. After hanging out at Kazba which turned out to be a let down, I tried to get into this club with friends from NC.Got to the door and my friends were fine to go in but not me. The guy at the entrance didn't believe my Nevada ID was real. Informed him I was visiting from LV. He asked me what's the address on it and before I could tell him, he said no, you're not getting in with this... haha dude cracked me up!The trip to charlotte ended up being weird. I was in the twilight zone, what a bummer.
2	Not great.  I like that there is a lot of space and the cool fog machine shooter things.  Otherwise it is a pretty dumpy place.  The interior is industrial NASCAR garage /  cowboy / clashing things.  There is usually a cover.  The music is alright and there is the bull to ride.
2	I think my review is based mainly on the fact that I'm over the age limit to be in here.  We came about a month ago with some friends to go dancing.  We got all decked out, had too many drinks at home and off we went.The place is so crowded you can't move on the dance floor at all.  My husband is almost 6'5" and kept getting ran into by teeny tiny girls who had no regard for their surroundings or people around them.After about an hour of this we headed out to another bar with less people and more room.Bottom line - if you are under 25, or out on the town for a bachelorette party this is the place to be...ride the mechanical bull, dance in uncomfortable confines and shoes....regret it in the morning.  If not, head somewhere else!
2	A terrific place to measure how drunk you buddies are.  Would a self-respecting sober man ride a mechanical bull?  No?  I didn't think so.The amazing thing about this place is that you never know the type of crowd that may be there.  Football crowds, twenty somethings, thirty/forty somethings, rednecks, Jersey shore wannabe douchebags, bikers, accountants...whoever.The drinks aren't bad and the prices aren't outrageous...not great...but not that bad.  The music isn't something I'd particularly play...but it seems to keep the lemmings happy.
5	I've been to alot of the dance clubs and bars in uptown..this by far is the most consistent in terms of music and crowd and what to expect.  It's always a diverse crowd - all ages - but not that outrageous that you are wondering what Twilight episode you just walked into.  It's fun for a date night, going out with couples or the girls.  I'm not single..so I don't know if it's a good pick up spot.  The dance floor is crowded but it is always a lot of fun- after 10pm..I"m sure there are drunk people bumping into each other but your out in a bar!!  I will always pick this place over the others.
3	While in town on a work trip - we stopped by here for some free drinks with a local VIP. We were with a bit group and had a great time. Slightly odd that I got my blue moon in a tiny drinking glass because they had no regular sized glasses. i would have totally rocked the mechanical bull - if i wasn't with my boss and colleagues. next time whiskey river, next time!
3	This place is full idiots!   There should be a screening at the front door only allowing certain people in.  :)    That would make it a much more enjoyable enviroment.
4	They play good music and the staff is friendly.  One of the less snotty clubs in the epicenter.  The best part is the MECHANICAL BULL!!!  My friend rode the darn thing 4times while we were in town.  Its so fun to watch all the drunk girls get giggled around on the bull. Not to mention the guys! HAHAhAA i dont know what makes any self respecting man get on a mechanical bull, but hey i wasnt mad about watching.  I would totally go here again
3	I personally don't really do the club scene anymore but I had to go here because they have a mechanical bull that's free to ride. Besides that the drink prices are what you would expect in a club. They have a huge dance floor as well.
2	Not a fan. Crowded.. Can't get to the dance floor.. Some girl in the shortest, tightest shorts dancing the SAME grind while 60 year olds stare ... mmm??? Bathrooms in bars like this.. No words. It's a story amongst stories. The later the night gets.. the better it becomes.. Took me 20 minutes to get from point A to point complete in the womens restroom.. As I waited.. the random youngster runs past line.. holding mouth... random friend following youngster runs after her. Girl behind me bumps me..says some 'mf' stole her jacket while she road the bull.. Did I see? ( No cougar ville.. I saw ur butt tho hanging for the world to see while u tried to ride some mechanical bull... G O A W A Y).. attendant.. curses at puking girl.. I just want to use the restroom.. AND leave . Fast. NOT my place..
1	Terrible service. Very unprofessional would never go back. Chose a different location in the epicentre if you want a good time and to be treated well.
2	I feel like there are three things important for a club: music, crowd, and drinks. Whiskey plays decent music. Some days better than the others depending on the DJ. The crowd is alright too. I feel like if you go with a good group of friends, even the worst club can be super fun. The drinks are not bad, decently priced. It's pretty casual and it's a big space right in the middle of the EpiCenter. My advice: get a fun group of friends and you are all set!
2	Young hotties all around and a racket loud enough to burst your ear drums. If you're into that, then this is the place for you! Thumpa-thumpa-thumpa.$7 cover at midnight on a Saturday. I can't tell you how much the drinks are, because I didn't have any. I ended up here following a friend.
1	Waitress tried to rip me off for $200!!!!I was there with a large party at VIP table and the waitress charged with $200 extra for her gratuity.  First she gave me a final without a itemized copy.  I was asked for the itemized because it seemed high. I missed the extremely high gratuity charge as alcohol charge.  When I called the next day and email the receipt, I never got a response from management.  I guess they endorse this type of CC theft!!!  Thankfully, AMEX reversed the charge and took care of it.  I will NEVER return with management and service like this.
5	No cover, live band, and plenty of room at the bar.  Yay me!
4	riding the bull
3	I went here Saturday night with some friends.  We were visiting from Raleigh and knew that the EpiCenter was the place to go. I checked the reviews on this place and it didn't look too promising, but everyone else wanted to go ride the bull and dance, so I followed suit.  The cover is $7 on a Saturday night which in my opinion is WAY too high for a place that charges so much for their drinks. I got a vodka cranberry and my boyfriend got a beer, and it was $10.50. wow.  Thankfully because I checked in I got in for free as part of their check in offer. SCORE!Anyways, the place was absolutely packed, there were people everywhere and it took forever to get around. Fortunately they had beer coolers set up around the bar, and there was two bars with quick bartenders, so getting a drink wasn't too difficult.  We got in line for the bull first. Now I've ridden the bull in Raleigh at City Limits, and its a good time.  After seeing the way its ran at Whisky Rivers I decided to opt out of the adventure.  First off the man who is running it makes it very obvious who he thinks is attractive and who he doesn't.  The girls who he didn't have the hots for were thrown off after a few seconds.  The more attractive girls were up there forever,  the bull barely moving expect for vibrating, which of course made the whole experience look completely provocative. There were a few guys who got up there, although it was mostly just drunk girls.After exiting the line for the bull we went to the dance floor. The DJ was playing good dance music, top 40s with a few country songs thrown in here and there. I had a good time dancing to the music but it was difficult because there were people bumping into us every few seconds, which is to be expected at a place like this.Girls, the bathroom only had three stalls, they don't restock the toilet paper and the line moves very slowly. Be Warned.Needless to say this isn't the most fun I've ever had a dance club, but it was a good time. If you are looking for that crazy loud, crowded club scene, this is your place on a Saturday night.
4	We have come here a few times and have always had a great time. The free bull rides are great and the guy that runs it is really friendly. (if you want to stay on a while make sure to put on a show on the bull). This was the first time we've made it on the dance floor. It was packed. If you like being crammed in to dance then this is a great place. I personally don't like such a packed floor but it was still a good time.
2	I don't normally go to clubs with riding bulls but I must admit I've been here a few times.  It's a favorite hang out joint for southern folks.  I'm being nice by not using the term RED but I can because I'm from the south.  Last time I was here I had to do shots just to get in the groove because the drinks being made were pretty much pointless and watered down.  Being that this place is right in the Epicenter it's just and easy drop in during AA5 sometimes.  That's about the only reason I've ever even walked into the place.
2	In the interest of full disclosure, understand that I have a natural aversion to all things redneck. In fact, the second star is only because I try to reserve 1 star ratings for places that genuinely mistreat me, which they haven't done. Am I not merciful? AM I NOT MERCIFUUUUUL!?!?!?!?! Still, you can take the rest of this with a grain of salt. What I might hate about the place may be exactly what makes you a fan.Music: Over-played, asinine generic Top-40 and hip-hop with trite lyrics (usually about doing the sort of things you're probably doing at "da club", but on a tighter budget) mixed awkwardly with contemporary country, i.e. the worst kind of country. All of which is played at a volume that leads one to wonder if Dale Jr. has some bizarre profit motive for rattling vital organs out of his customers' rib cages. Drinks: Standard variety of beer and spirits you'll find anywhere people go to get hammered. I don't remember anything noteworthy enough for praise or criticism. The prices were a little high but no more than what you should expect for uptown.Amenities: This is where Whisky River does best. The dance floor is pretty large and the bar is long enough that you MIGHT not have a sea of humanity separating you from the bartender each time you go for another drink. The floor to ceiling window looking down onto Trade Street is pretty cool too. The mechanical bull is, well...a mechanical bull. If you'll forgive the lazy tautology, it is what it is, a means of allowing (or tricking) hot drunk girls to be sexually provocative. As a straight male, it's kinda hard to criticize too much.Clientele: Imagine a large group of out-of-town NASCAR fans of all ages who, in desperation for a big night out in an unfamiliar city, find themselves at a night club...on college night. Maybe throw in some townies in Ed Hardy shirts and pointy black leather shoes and there you have it.  So if you can stand a couple hours of ear-splitting T-Pain, Nickelback, and Jason Aldean without envying the deaf this place may be for you. However, if you need me I'll be at Connolly's or Belfast Mill.
2	okay look, this place look disgusting everytime i go in, everyone is like either sweating perfusely or the dance floor just randomly spray u with water. and its so packed that u are bound to get rub off on with other people's body fluids while listening to some over played music or country music which im not a big fan of.  the staffs seems like they all had a bad day before they go to work or went to their parent's funeral the day before whats their problem?  definitely not a place for fun for me, staff seems like they hate u with a passion, drinks are the same price as other clubs except the place is smaller doesn't have place where u can just have a seat and relax a little bit, so everyone are pretty much forced to go to the dance floor no wonder even the other yelpers are saying the floor is always packed, the bar has little glowing lights on the bar table which was the only thing that interest me in that place but im not going back to see it again considering the over all quality of the place.  but i bet u alots of those people who goes there actually like what most of the things that i just dislike and thats probably why they are there tho =_= cause if not, they would've been out of business 5 years ago.
2	Meh. I was here for a private party. It's a large space. Plenty of room to move around. The stage area was alright, but far from good. There were plenty of bars, so getting a drink was always easy. The beer selection was meh. The food spread was pretty awful. I can't say how it would be here on a typical night. However, based on my private party experience, I would go in with low expectations.
2	Meh. I've been here before but it's been years. Friends were in town and this is where they wanted to go, so we went. Didn't have to pay cover thanks to some hospitality passes, at least. Overpriced drinks, impossible crowds, blah music turned up really loud. This seems to be the place to go for your bachelorette party though, as we saw 4 or 5 groups. The bartenders were attentive and friendly, I will give them that. While we're on the subject of bartenders, I understand the purpose and desire of scantily-clad women bartenders, but I do think they have gone a step too far with the shot girls' uniforms, or lack of uniforms. When there's more cheek than pants, I think it's time for new pants. I've seen more cloth on cocktail servers at an actual strip club. And what are the male staff members wearing? Cleancut polo shirts and long pants.
4	Came on a Thursday night- No food yet. Just drinks- Ride a bull. - Small round tables. Big group friendly? Not really- Sexy Waitress. Pleasure pit status. - Cover to get in?! not on a Thursday :)
2	Went on a Thurs night when it was pretty quiet. The mechanical bull was on but it wasn't put to good use. Average sports bar. Average priced mixed drinks.
1	This place is a cluster f$@k and Dale Jr should be ashamed. Staff had no clue of what they had, there's no drink menu and no one working could actually tell you what they even had in the place. Ridiculous!
5	We were invited to come to Whisky River to be apart of their friends and family event prior to the Grand Opening of the restuarant that is opening before Thanksgiving.  It was actually my first time there, as I have never been to the bar/club before this.  My boyfriend and we were impressed with the service, even though most of the staff was in training.  Our server, Megan, was very sweet and personable and had great recommendations.  We had the buffalo chicken to start and it was amazing!  We also had the BBQ sandwiches and the sauces they have to select from are delicious!!!  And the desserts----WOW.....fantastic!  They have a fried candybar of the month that's going to be featured and even though we didn't order this one, I'm impressed by the option.  The manager, Chris, came over and inquired about our experience and was genuinely interested in how we felt about the food.  I'm excited for them to open because I think it will be a great diverse option to the other food choices at the Epicenter.  Kind of a gourmet, southern menu!
4	If you want a night out of drinking and dancing, that's exactly what you're going to get..  I've been here several times and have not been disappointed.  The bartenders are on their game.  I've never had to wait more than 2 minutes and that's when the place was crowded.  Always a party there
2	I almost didn't want to review Whisky River, but it popped up in the cue so I figured why not?  I've been here a few times for friends birthday parties, their choice, not mine, I can assure you. This place is what it claims to be, a place for people to get hammered during bachelorette parties and birthdays, and dubious cats to oggle scantily clad bartenders and waitstaff.  That pretty much sums it up. Throw in a mechanical bull-ride, and some cheesy Top-40 tunes and you've got the picture. Just not my kind of place, but it serves it's purpose I suppose...
4	Wings wings wings: if you don't get the Thai Chili then bury your head in the sand. They have great flavors (not typical) and their ribs are as succulent as I have ever had. Great music and sexy bar staff -big thanks to Annie and Mallie!
1	So my boyfriend and I were trying to find a place to grab drinks late on a Sunday so when we looked at the website they said they were open until midnight and last call was around that time. We showed up at 11 and were told by the guy at the door that last call was happening so grab a drink quick but in less than a minute the bartender told us last call had passed and we couldn't get a drink.  NEVER GOING HERE AGAIN! If they don;t serve alcohol until closing then say so on the website or at the door. The place had a good crowd therefore I didn't understand why last call was so early. Also the staff was rude. Don't go here!!!!
2	- "Cocktails" have so little alcohol my bartender friend started laughing when he saw  them and told us we got hustled. My $8 (pre-tip) LIT tasted and looked like it was all   sweet n' sour with an eyedropper of tequila. The Vodka Cranberry (difficult, right?) was even more pathetic. - My friend's shot of tequila had ice crystals in it, which means they had watered it down. - I don't like to pay covers to get into bars, but if I do I expect to feel like I got something other than the privilege of paying it. Positives:- The shot girl was dressed like a stripper (just short of naked)- There was the usual drunken circus outside when all of the bars let out- There is a 5 Guys a few doors down (and a Rite Aid if you want to get some beer   for the after party)- The opportunity to pay for parking, then cover, then weak full priced drinks and $4 beers- They help you avoid hangovers by watering down their liquor
2	Atmosphere was good, but I waited for 15 minutes and never got attended to at the bar. That's unacceptable. If in Charlotte, visit somewhere else if you want some drinks.
1	If you are reading this review and are on your way to this place TURN THE CAR AROUND.....The only association this place has with NASCAR is the fact that it is owned by "Junior".   More of a bar than a restaurant - which is evident in the fact that they recently added food to the place to be like the Florida location. Loud music that goes from Country to Rap to Pop in the blink of an eye.  A couple of TVs playing sports, a mechanical bull, concrete floors, floor to ceiling windows just make this a miss match of a place. Add to the fact that the food here is TERRIBLE!  If you are so desperate to look at some tits and ass (the waitress wear short shorts and bustiers) spare yourself the $20 and look through a Victoria's Secret Catalogue.
3	Was here for a private function and the bar staff wasn't terribly friendly but they were quick so that works for me.  I think I spoke with a manager for a bit and he was friendly.Strange band playing hip hop, country and metal cover tunes but I liked them.  The more than half naked waitress outfit is more than a little demeaning to women and they lose a star or that.Some of the younger women in my group loved the bull riding and the men loved watchng them.  It's that kind of place.
2	The place itself is not bad if you are into top 40, "college bar" scene mixed with tourists.  Do not give them your debit/credit card. I got charged again the same amount I spent but a month later and five months later my bank is still trying to get these funds back.  Stick to beer, because the liquor bottles are so watered down it is pitiful. I have lived in tourist destinations, that being said, I wasn't that impressed with this place.  I might be bitter about being ripped off, but if you stick to beer, don't give them your debit card, and are with friends. You can have a good time!!
2	They recently added food, so we decided to check it out. The food was OK, but not something I will go out of my way for. Went on a Saturday afternoon and it was mildly busy, but we got seated immediately. It's like a Hooters in the Epicentre. I actually felt bad for the waitress, she was basically wearing nothing. Although that didn't excuse her for the horrible service we got. She gave us the check well before we were done eating, which normally wouldn't bother me, but I didn't realize it was so she didn't have to come back to our table. We eventually had to seek her out to pay just so we could leave. So I got my first and last time at Whiskey River out of the way.
2	I admit I have not eaten here - however my brother in law is going to be visiting Charlotte for his 60th birthday and a fabulous gift for him would be a gift certificate to his idol, Dale Earnhardt's, restaurant.  So I email them for instructions on how to purchase a gift certificate.  No reply for 4 days.  OK, next I call mid afternoon so there was no lunch or dinner rush.  Whoever answered the phone didn't have a clue.  She asked two managers and they both said I can't purchase a gift certificate over the phone.  Pardon??   No, she says, I will have to come in personally and buy it.  Which is an issue as I live a very long way away.  What restaurant doesn't take a credit card over the phone to purchase a gift certificate??  Really?  Either they don't quite have it together or their staff doesn't, I'm afraid.  Super disappointed.  They may have good food, but we will never know.
3	My personal favorites were the appetizers (buffalo shrimp, buffalo dip, corn dogs, and jalapeno poppers), the mac and cheese, CORNBREAD, burger and fries, smoked bacon anything, and of course the entire dessert menu.With barbecue spots popping up all over Charlotte, Whisky has some stiff competition.  They don't claim to have the best barbecue in town, which is appropriate because their barbecue, while good, falls short of the competition.  I posted a full review on the blog, but these are the highlights.
2	This bar is in the Epicenter in downtown Charlotte.  I found the crowd a little too young for my taste.  But on the bright side, they had a mechanical bull.
3	Was in town for the NASCAR race and stopped in. We had a blast! Fun music, nice atmosphere and friendly bartenders. Definitely avoid the shots getting sold though by girls walking around the bar.?They were watered down, weak and terrible!
1	Went for an early dinner before a concert. Not crowded, but waitress too busy flirting with businessmen at the next table to take our order in a reasonable amount of time.We had to ask for utensils, and by the time we received plates for appetizers & our ranch sauce, we we already through. It was obvious from looking at our popper plate that one of them was missing. The wings weren't bad, but only got 2 small slivers of celery. The waitress really didn't have the body for the outfit she was pored into. Also, bathrooms were in poor repair and needed cleaning; at 5p.m.There are much better choices at the epicenter.
3	I don't go to Whisky River all too often. But have been going more lately due to the fact of the new restaurant - definitely head over for a meal. Everyone knows Whisky as the classic uptown scene of the buff bouncer, the crowded club (but great for dancing!) and the high-priced drinks on the weekends. But have you been to the restaurant? I highly recommend the buffalo dip. Creamy and a good heat - nothing too spicy so perfect to share with anyone. The BBQ sliders are good. They are served only with onions and on every table are four Dale Jr BBQ sauces to try. I dig the gold, nice and sweet with a mesquite hint. If you go, might as well try them all though!And hidden secret - ask for the mini pork tacos. Not on the regular menu, and can only be found on the happy hour menu, these mini tacos are served in a crispy wonton shell with pulled pork and topped with a slaw mix. Taste explosion in your mouth. Oooo and the pimento cheese balls! Only disappoint I've found are the salads... OK, OK, I know they are promoting themselves as a BBQ place, but I appreciate a good salad variety! I had the pulled chicken salad which was nothing special and the chicken was bland, no seasoning or marinade, which could have turned the whole salad around. And the service has always been friendly and helpful but at times quite slow. And seeing how I usually take my lunch hour to go to lunch, not always the best option. If Whisky would become consistent on getting the food to the table quickly, I would have awarded it another star. But the pork tacos! Delicious.
1	This place is awful on multiple levels. The music is ear splittingly loud. The beer selection is extremely limited. The bartenders have their butts hanging out of their short shorts. yes, the staff is attractive so this might be a plus for a straight male but as a woman, it made me pretty uncomfortable. I dont expect to see butts at a place that isnt a strip club. I need to be drunk to be at a place like this but since they dont have any good beer, getting drunk wasnt possible. perhaps this place would be fun if i were a liquor drinker. They also have a very bizarre dress code. Not allowing super baggy pants, I get, but what the hell is wrong with white t shirts and flat brimmed caps? You also have to pay a seven dollar cover to get in. There are plenty of much better bars in Charlotte that dont charge covers so its just not worth it. Only reason I paid and went in was because I was attending a celebration for a friend
1	My husband and I walked in, stood in the entrance for quite sometime waiting to be seated. Nobody approached us and the only staff we saw was one bartender. We walked away and will never return.
1	Not very impressive. Male bar staff unattentive to customers. Chicken tenders served for our non-profit fundraiser. We will be somewhere else next year.See Amy H. review (8-11-13), I ditto her reaction.
3	Fun place to go out in Charlotte, very popular so its always busy but its in no way a great place. Over priced bud lights, ok music.. i've experienced better. Of course its the crowd that makes it fun so if you're with a group of friends give it a shot.. oh by the way theres a cover charge. which sucks.
1	I was pretty disappointed with Whisky River - we were expecting an awesome bar with tons of whisky mixed drinks... they only had a small selection of whisky.  It was more like flavored vodka river - We didn't stay to eat after waiting at the bar for our table and finding out that it was more commercialized then specialized.  I'm sure some people will really like this place, but its just like your average Chilies restaurant.
1	This is probably a nice late night bar but the food was terrible. There is pub food and there is frozen pub food which I am sure we ate.  I am sorry I passed by Hooters. I met Jr. next day and If I knew him better I would have told him to get new kitchen staff.  I hope management takes note and makes changes.
2	Great service!  Carolina brisket tender but flavorless, coleslaw lacks any flavor at all. Onion rings downright bad, buffalo shrimp very decent. Sweet tea is good and always kept full. Buffalo dip not so good. Turkey platter bout as dry as you can get it, be sure to smother that baby in as much sauce as you can!  Mac 'n cheese is acceptable, add a little sauce to it while you're at it. Fried Milky Way on the way, but can't see how that can be anything but delicious. Great atmosphere, substandard food.UPDATE:....it's been 25 minutes waiting for dessert, although with just us and 4 patrons at the bar I can see that they may be slightly overwhelmed. Oh wait! Here it is, let's jump in and see how it is.....as expected, hard to mess up deep frying a candy bar. Not bad dessert.
1	Went to WR for a couple of drinks before the Bobcats game, I forgot my card there and picked it up on the way out after the game.  Before I got home, I had an email from American Express saying that someone had cloned my card and used it in my hometown 500 miles away and spent almost $2200!!  This is in less than 3 hours.  Not sure what they are doing there but I will definitely not be using my credit card at this bar ever again.
2	Digging the mechanical bull (it's a plus that it's free).  Packed dance floor on Saturday night. DJ spinning top 40s, which I don't mind but his mixing was pretty bad..played songs for like 1-2 min the switched. But it was really noticeable and killed the vibe for me. But bartenders were nice here. Also noise level is loud but tolerable. Ears won't be ringing when I leave here. Also $7 cover (ok but please get a better DJ).
1	We didn't eat, we didn't dance, all we did was drink a few beers.  Our bottles of beer were not cold enough.  Neither were the drafts.  It's my fault for not complaining because they could have accommodated us in someway.  But, even still, 4 different beers, 4 times not in temp.
1	Welcome to the river, where we charge full cover 30 mins before the bar closes. Come experience highway robbery close up.
2	Maybe it's because I'm from upstate NY and just don't know any better but I thought Whisky River was underwhelming.  First - is there an actual Whisky River that this place is named after?  Because otherwise their logo looks like someone spelled Whiskey wrong before they sent everything off to the printer and that just bugs the crap out of me.  We went there for lunch during the weekend of the All-Star Race, thinking it would be a happening spot - but there were only two other tables taken.It was dark in there.  Good for midnight I suppose.  Not so much for noon.Our server let us sit at our table for about ten minutes too long.  Our drinks sat on the bar for about five minutes too long.  Good bloody mary though.  However, being a bloody mary fanatic, I always ask what's in the mix.  If you're making them you sure as hell better know what's in them.  Our waiter did not.I ordered the Carolina Pork platter and what was delivered was a pile of plain pulled pork with those fries that are super crunchy with nothing inside of them. That's it.  No presentation.  No garnish.  No roll for the pork...wtf?  I liked the pulled pork very much and sampled all three of the sauces on the table which were all delicious and made the pork that much better.  The fries are just not my thing.  The side salad I ordered was the same as you would get at Applebee's or Chili's.I thought the bathroom was cool.
4	A group of my friends came here between 12 and 1pm, as one of several stops for a bachelor party. We quickly found our way to the bar where we received excellent service from the impressive bartender Victoria (5 stars). She provided some solid suggestions for our evening plans and was a delight. I gave whiskey river 4 stars since nothing here really impresses me but simultaneously nothing disappoints. Stop in for a beer and stay a while if it is for you. Didn't try the food but it looked good.
4	I'm sure this place doesn't survive on folks eating lunch there on the weekend. But I'm gone a few times during some slow periods - and the food was mighty good.The burgers can hold their own with anyone in town. Plenty of tasty fries, nice service. Watched some NASCAR on TV. A solid choice.
1	The music was great; there was never a line at the bar and service was fast. One star because some girl that worked there tried to get me kicked out for no reason. We were leaving the VIP area and she rudely told us to "move faster" I told her she needed to calm down and then a bouncer came over to me and told me to follow him, I did and he told me that same girl told him I had hit her. I immediately began to deny hitting her because I didn't and he said that he knew I didn't, he said that she worked there and he was doing this for "show." He took me outside, told me he knew I didn't hit her and to go back inside and join my friends.  Talk about a power trip to the lying girl who worked there. Rubbed me and the 6 other girls I was with the wrong way so we left; ended up spending a couple hundred more dollars at another bar. In the words of Julia Roberts "BIG MISTAKE!"
4	We went there for a quick bite to eat and to cross it off our list on the Bar Crawl we were doing for the Champions cup. The place was very large and pretty crowded but a great atmosphere. They had big projector screens showing the match and they even have a mechanical bull. We got the chicken tenders as an app and they were okay. They were thinner and flatter then the usual tenders I am used to but they were pretty good still. They had a $5 guiness beer special going on also. I would go back if I am in town again to watch some sports games!
1	We visited the Charlotte, NC location last week for dinner around 6:30.  It was not a positive experience.The whole place smelled like cow crap, but that might be by design.  One of the guys in our party admitted it might be hard to keep the food down with this stink.After being seated fairly quickly, we were told that we couldn't order any of the beer on tap because it "wasn't in the computer yet".  We asked if we could be served the beer while they put it into the computer, but no luck there either.When we received our food, which I admit was pretty quick, the brisket on Texas Toast was a mess.  It was a single slice of dry meat product between two slices of white bread.  See the picture I uploaded as an example.  I feel I'm describing it accurately here.The place was mostly empty so we paid and left pretty quickly, passing a really dirty guy that had his swollen foot up on the bar with a bag of ice.  Definitely not sanitary.  I saw this same gentleman the next morning yelling at people for change.I would avoid Whisky River.  There are better places with better prices all around the Epicenter.  We'll never go back here.
3	A sports bar the Epicenter. Drinks are reasonably priced, at least from the East Coast's perspective..! There's a mechanical bull that was loads of fun. The dance floor opens up later in the evening as well. There is a cover.
2	I had a supper around 5:15 at Whisky River there were probably 12 customers in this good sized place.   The food was traditional "pub food" and was average in taste.  The prices were great.  I had a cheeseburger with a drink and my bill was under $10.  The downsize was the service.  It took a long time to get waited on after server showed me the table.  I almost walked out after the waitress took my order because getting the food took what seemed like forever.  I actually had stood up and then say the meal coming so I sat back down.  Thankfully the server sat another group of people next to me so I asked her to find my waitress so I could get a refill on my drink.  She says "I'll find her for you.  They tend to be lazy sometimes."Bottom line - Ok food; poor service
1	Very confused about this establishment! My husband and I thought we would try it out since we had never been there before. I walked in and asked a young lady at the hostess station for a menu to look over quickly. She replied that they didn't really have any menus that night. I gave her a puzzled look. She saw that I was walking with a walker and stated that "All of our TABLES are reserved for West Virginia fans. You can only get in if you are wearing WV gear."  I bluntly asked "Are you telling me that I can't eat here?". She said "Yes." I said "Nice."  And hobbled away. Discriminate much?????  Unbelievable! I work across the street and you just lost a regular customer. Seriously, Management, you discriminate against disabled persons? You are idiots!!!!  BTW, I saw a a family on the patio and they were NOT wearing WV gear! So your host is a lying POC! Discrimination!!
2	I am giving this 2 stars, because I have to give it something. I am updating my previous review regarding the horrid treatment I received from the clueless hostess when I attempted to have dinner there last weekend. I did receive an e-mail from the manager asking me to call. I called him and he apologized profusely and asked for a chance to make things right. I plan on taking him up on his offer, because I really want to try this place out.
3	Well, can honestly say I have always wanted to visit this place ever since I heard Jr.(Earnhardt) owned it. Being a huge Dale Eardhardt Jr Fan, its only natural to want to check this place out, good or bad reviews.Finding this place can be fun, its located on the second floor of a shopping area right along side the charlotte hornets arena. Be advised you probably will have to pay 6-8 dollars for parking and walk to the place.First of all i went here for lunch so this place was not "hoppin", nor was it busy when i got there. The building seems to have two halves, a club side and a food side. THe club side was blocked off kind of and was empty. Walking in my first thoughts were kind of disappointing. Nothing really "racey" feeling about it, yes i know its not a racecar bar but yet kind of figured it would have some kind of feeling reminding you what the place was about or where it came from.Typical bar style room with the bar in the center and tall tables around it. Waitress took at least 10 minutes to come greet us after we were seated. Then our order took good at least 20-25 minutes to arrive, she kept saying she was going to check on the status then would walk over to another table. The more guest our waitress had, the longer we had to wait for refills and our check. All the female workers seem close so they focused on gossiping  more with each other while they walk past our table failing to notice my empty glass could use a refill.Food was okay, had the "Dale Q" i think it was called, was a burger with shredded pork on it. Really didnt have alot of taste to it, had to add the bbq sauce to give it some kind of taste. However i did order the waffle sweet potato fries and those were excellent!Overall i left kind of bummed, just guess i need to visit it at nighttime. It seems being open for lunch, they only run the bare minimum staff and that effects everyone as more guest arrive for lunch.Oh side note, dont get too excited if you see the mason jar they offer with your soda drink for 8 bucks, its plastic and a total letdown. Asked if they offer glass like it looks like in the picture and she said no.....only to find glass ones for sale at the spot to buy hats and shirts.....
2	The atmosphere was fun for football but the food was poor. Cold nachos and they are supposed to be that way? I won't be back and you should think twice if you are hungry.
3	As mentioned earlier it was quite empty.  I asked it the place was opened.  The food was about the same as most bars.  What I really wanted to do was ride the bull.
4	Had a VIP evening here for night 1 of my Brother in-law's bachelor weekend.  The service was good and there a was a real party atmosphere.
3	Went here today before heading out the panthers games. Our server was friendly but me and my brother had wings and they wasn't hot at all as in flavor. Was really looking forward to that more than anything . We used a groupon so not such much of a waste.
4	Went on a Friday night. Fun sports bar atmosphere. Mechanical bull riding was entertaining to watch. Lots of TVs. Good music, not too loud and was early enough in the night the rush hadn't started (yet). Clean bathroom with an attendant.
2	Went Thursday night for dinner before the TSO concert. I had read reviews before we got there. A lot of them were right. Especially about the service or lack there of. We were seated and waited about 10 mins for our waiters to grace us with her presence. She didn't introduce herself or anything. I asked for a drink menu and was informed they didn't have one. We ordered margaritas and they were actually very good. 20 mins later she came to take our food order. Ordered fried pickles, club sandwich and a spinach flatbread. It was ok not great. We were given our check way before we were ready to go. They wanted our table to "Reserve". It made our waitress made when we told her we weren't ready to leave. We stayed 20 more minutes and got dirty looks. We watched "less attractive" people being turned away after 6 pm. Even though the alcohol was good, we won't be back
3	Solo on a business trip to Charlotte. Nice little sports bar. Two hd big screens and lots of 40 inch TVs all over. Service the night I was here was excellent. Friendly servers, decent beer on tap. The food was average. Wings were pretty decent, but the burger did not come out the way I asked for it and it was sub par. I would go back to have a drink, but probably not to eat.
3	This place alright. I understand it known for bbq items but it wasnt that good. I ordered the beef brisket and it was dry. And I only got 3 pieces. They put more of my side items than the brisket itself. So it was alright for me. Not bad/not too good.
4	Fun night out dancing. Overpriced cover and drinks. Good mix of people of all ages. Dj was a bit odd - went on Friday night and he rotated playing half an hour of awesome music followed by 15 min of Ingrid Michelson, which of course cleared the floor because no one knew how to dance to it. I would go back if someone else suggested it, but might try some other spots first.
