5	I didn't have my ears pierced for the first 25 years of my life.  "Why?"  You might ask.  Because growing up, being a teenager, I never wanted to be given cheesy, gaudy earrings as a gifts from grandparents, aunts or friends.  Earrings were always the lame fallback gift that girls received when the giver couldn't think of anything better.  I wanted nothing to do with it.It was only after I felt I had battled the horrible earring scourge long enough that I went to Halo.I was so impressed by the professionalism of the staff and their eagerness to answer any questions I had.  The facility was immaculately clean and the piercer was very knowledgeable and experienced.  I would recommend them to anyone getting piercing done... I'm thinking about going back for some additional work myself.
5	I've heard from a few people that they don't like Halo because the staff is "mean" or "snobby." This may be the result of some unfortunate past choices as far as the receptionists go (which has been remedied - their current receptionists are awesome), but I think it's also because the staff at Halo is honest. Sometimes brutally honest. While other folks might be put off it by it, it's a good thing in my book. What I mean by "honest" is that the piercers at Halo will actually take your anatomy and health into consideration before piercing you. Some people might get angry at being told they just are not anatomically suited for a navel piercing (for example), but I think that's a sign of a higher level of professionalism that a lot of piercing places haven't reached yet.On top of that, they also have an amazing selection of jewelry, including cases full of antique and rare pieces that will make the cultural anthropologist in you drool.
5	The staff is honest to the point of seeming put-offish.  I know it sounds wierd, but it's true.  If your body isn't right for a particular type of piericing, they won't do it.  Most people may be upset, but I'd rather a professional tell me that something isn't going to work and not get the money for it then to take my money and in a few months have something go wrong.Once you get to know them, the owners are great.  They just don't put up with whiney frightened people who go in on a whim.Plus they're extremely clean to the point of feeling like a hospital.  They're extremely strict on policy as well, which again may be frustrating to some who want rules bent for them, but you can bet they know what they're doing.
5	I also think that Casey H.'s review is bogus.  I fear ex-disgruntled employee is fabricating lies.  No such suits were ever filed against Halo or it's employees, nor where they ever notified of such an incident.  It's sad that such a reputable business would have to suffer such lies!!!I have been a customer of the two main piercers, Glen & Kelsey, for 12 years now, and even worked for them for a brief time.  They have been piercing for at least 15 years plus now and still yearly continue their education as members of the Association of Professional Piercers.  They are constantly staying up to date with any new and better techniques for piercing, aftercare and sterilization.  It is "like a hospital" in there as one reviewer put.  They follow OSHA guidelines and are the biggest germaphobes on the planet.  As they should be!!  When you walk into HALO, who specializes in body piercing only, you know that immediately they are a force to be reckoned with.  Don't be intimidated by their knowledge, embrace it.  They don't tell you how it is because they enjoy hearing themselves talk!  They do it because they care about the general public and their well being and safety!!  There is NO certification, NO school, NO laws regulating the body piercing industry in the state of AZ.  This means that ANY Joe Blow can open up a shop and say they know what they are doing!  Now THAT'S SCARY!  Yes they have a lot of rules and guidelines to follow, but in the end it is all for your safety!!I would never and will never trust any other shop with my body and blood!!!  You shouldn't either!!  Just go into the shop, ask  1,000 questions and you will see for yourself!!
5	I can honestly say that this is the first piercing place I have been to where I was treated like a human being. Most other joints have employees that are too cool for school and don't want to give you the time of day if you don't look a particular way (or aren't a dude). Every single person we came in contact with during our visit was friendly and knowledgeable. We had three different people helping us, each and everyone of them were fantastic.We were so pleased with their service and quality, that we made a very large purchase without skipping a beat.We will definitely be back.
1	I have to say, I have always had a good impression of Halo, even though I have never used their services.  In June, I decided that I wanted to go get both of my ears pierced, so I went to Halo because it was the first piercing joint that came to mind. I thought surely they would do just a regular ear piercing, even if it was probably going to be significantly more expensive than the mall. Well, I was wrong. I spoke with this guy at the counter who proceeded to tell me that the shop doesn't pierce with studs. The conversation went something like this:Me: Why?Pin Cushion: Stud earrings don't exist that meet our strict guidelines.Me: What? (as I look in the case and see studs) Really?Pin Cushion: We only pierce with surgical steel hoops or rods, the APA doesn't allow us to use inferior quality studs.Me: Really? Oh no, so you're saying I have to go to the mall?Pin Cushion: I wouldn't recommend anyone go to the mall. Did you know that they can't guarantee every single piece of the piercing gun is sterile?Me: Huh?Pin Cushion: Yeah but if you want to whatever, I understand your situation. It's not rocket science, a 16 year old at Claire's can do it for you.Me: Ok...Pin Cushion: But you know it will take 3-4 months to heal, and it isn't sterile.Me: Um...Pin Cushion: Have you seen the training video for the piercing guns? They have kids doing it.Me: No, I haven't...Pin Cushion: I can pierce you with some hoops and you can take them out in 6 weeks and put studs in if that's what you really want.Me: Ok um, bye...So I was really frustrated, because now I was gonna have to go to a pink and sparkly store with kids hopping all around to get my ears pierced, in that chair right behind the window for onlookers to see. But I was definitely going to go there now, if not just to spite this guy who got all snooty with me over his marginally superior piercing methods.Bottom line, if they can't pierce with studs then they can't pierce with studs.  But his attitude over the whole thing left a very sour taste in my mouth, and I don't think I'd ever go back to get anything else pierced.  He was very snooty and condescending about the whole thing, and went out of his way to scare the bejeezus out of me about going to the mall, which I think was unnecessary.
3	Mixed feelings:  their selection of jewelry, both small and large gauge, as well as necklaces, etc. is amazing and gorgeous, and actually reasonably priced.  For those like me who appreciate one-of-a-kind, ethnic jewelry, it's Phoenix's best.However:The attitude really turns me off.  The whole over-the-top sterility shit really irritates me.  I mean, putting gloves on to remove jewelry from the glass case?  Hi, it's not sterile - who the hell cares?  And I would hope that jewelry is physically cleaned before anyone actually puts it into their body, making the glove show moot.Also, they refused to pierce my nostril and immediately place the tiny stud I wanted, saying I would have to heal around the ginormous stud for x amount of time until I could switch.  There was not a reasonable discussion behind the statement, it was more like a parent telling a child "Because I said so".  Knowledge is power, people, and doing a little non-condescending explaining wouldn't hurt.  And yes, I understand why you don't put a tiny stud in a fresh nostril - for fear of swelling and possible engulfment of the stud.  I'm a physician and can manage any issues myself had they arose - but the staff wouldn't even discuss it.  Kindness and respect goes a long way, and if I don't feel like those virtues are offered by my tattooist or piercer, I don't use their services.  End of story.
5	You know, anyone who has your safety in mind when putting chemicals on your head ( like a hair dresser) or holes in your body is my friend. Glen and Kelsey are cool, I run into them around town from time to time. They are great local business owners and really know what they are doing. They only do piercings, which is awesome b/c really, I dont want some guy who just did a tat putting holes in me.  I had my industrial piercing done there while I was in college in Tucson and it healed so nicely. Only sore for about the first 2 days. I get comments on it all the time!I wanted to get my eyebrow pierced, but they said it might look really funny 'cause I don't have much of a browbone. Now, I 'm so glad I didnt do it, they were right. If you want a deal on someone putting holes in your head- don't go to Halo:)Even if you don't want a piercing, check out their selection of jewelry. If you have a navel piercing thats bothering you, they have jewelry to remedy that- along with a really impressive selection of just about everything else.OH_ THEY HAVE COUPONS IN THE NEW TIMES....
4	I've had several piercings done here - the service has been great every time. Yes, I can agree with other Yelpers that sometimes the staff can be slighty condescending with their words of advice, but seriously? Get over it, they're just doing their job. Jewelry selection is fabulous and the prices are reasonable. I recently ordered a nose ring and after waiting several weeks for it to arrive, I get it home to find that it is way too big! I figured because all jewelry is a final sale an exchange would be hopeless, but I called and explained (and I think they were leniant due mostly to the fact that they recommended the size, but still) and they exchanged it for me no problem.
5	I just got my ears re-pierced at a 10 gauge by Jeremiah, it was a very pleasant experience, I'd definitely go back again... Amazing jewelry selection, a bit pricey but you get what you pay for, so whatever, right? I used to go to the one in Tucson, so it was no shock that they are probably the most professional at what they do, no dis-respect to any other shop of course, but it is what it is.The Staff seemed really friendly also, I didn't sense any condescending attitudes toward my questions or anything. And I would feel very comfortable getting anything pierced here, they've earned their reputation as the best...Looking forward to going back in a few months and getting some 6 gauge plugs, maybe something else too...
5	Piercing is serious business Jerry T. piercing guns are barbaric and hurt crazy bad compared to a needle. lol.  yes pin cushion needs an open mind that if you want to take the gun its your right. but also consider the fact you are going to a piercing place. i don't think a respectable piercer would use a gun, just on the basis its violent, and holy shit it hurts.to argue with him as why they dont almost begs for the elitist response you got. so take some responsibility for the exchange. Megan D. I'm glad your a physician, but lets face it. 99% of the customers are not. and it's the stores policy. so regardless you lose.on to the review.OK...so I'm new to Yelping or this would have been done along time ago.Halo is the best place to get pierced, they are no nonsense and take the shit serious. they are professional. this is not a tattoo shop piercing. 95% of my piercings and stretching were done at Halo; both ears at 10g and the following stretchings till 7/16s when i stopped, the stretchings of my septum (8g) and lebret (10g), my tongue and the following stretchings of it (8g). always top notch service. ALWAYS. Glenn and Kelsey are the best. I'm not sure on the new staff its been awhile since i have been there for service. but the new staff have been adequate for my questions. I'm not a noob. so i don't need to be reminded to not lean on the glass. lol.top notch jewelery. being sterile is super important, that's why they put the gloves on. when you buy jewelery its already sterile. it would be time consuming if they did it in the opposite order. waiting for the autoclave to sterilize your jewelery you just purchased. lol get real. that would suck.Love ya!! thanks for always a great experiance.
4	Ok, so you may have noticed from other reviews of mine that I'm anal-retentive about a lot of things. Especially researching things that I do to my body. I've been wanting to get my eyebrow pierced, as well as a few new holes in my ear cartilage. Figured that would help the whole "butch" image. Shut up, I'm shallow. I'm also incredibly needle-phobic. So what the hell am I doing at Halo? Confronting that shit head on, thank you very much.Decided I wanted to go with Halo on the good recommendations of fellow yelpers and friends. Decided to start small. I wanted to stretch my pre-existing holes. I figured that would give me a good sense of the shop, their staff, and their procedures. It wouldn't cost a fortune, and I'd work up the nerve to have real needles shoved through my face.One star for incredible jewelry selection. One star for insane, OCD appeasing sanitation standards. One star for a pleasant and streamlined procedure.One star for Jeremiah, for not laughing at me wincing over  a two gauge stretch. Also for letting me name the pickled punk on the shelf "Fredrick." *(You should really google "Pickled Punk" if you don't know what it is).*That final star is pending on how the piercing goes, and is not being withheld by any fault of the shop or staff. I'm beyond pleased with the new jewelry in my ears and the whole experience. I'm actually going to schedule that eyebrow ring sooner, I'm so pleased. Needle-phobia be damned.
5	5 stars. Halo get's 5 stars from me, and a happy five at that. Not only for my experience getting my brow pierced, but for the way Jetta R. was treated (a first timer). Ana had an incredible bedside manner, put us both at ease, was professional, efficient and charming. Yes, I find foul mouthed, authoritative women immensely charming. See also: Jetta R. I cannot stress enough how reassuring it was to get body mods from someone who so obviously LOVES body mods. Ana obviously knows her trade, not only as a piercer but as a piercee. My needle-phobia subsided in her capable hands/tongs. The barbell was not placed in a way I would have asked for, but I trusted that Ana knew "good placement" better than I did. And she did. It looks amazing. Jetta R.'s ears look amazing. Everything was amazing. I'm trying to think of other things I can pierce just so I have an excuse to go back. Surely there's more room on me...That's not healthy, is it?
5	All my life I wanted to be able to wear long, dangly earrings. Seeing as how I spent most of that life as a boy, however, I wasn't ready to realize this dream until, like,  yesterday, when I came into Halo to get my lobes done.Admittedly, this wasn't my first trip to Halo. I came here a couple days earlier with Misty S so she could get her ears stretched. I was supposed to get mine pierced that day too, but I froze up once I realized that I wasn't just going to be able to "flash my ID" to them and let that be that. They hold onto your ID until after you get the piercing done, which in the back of my paranoid and irrational mind meant that it gave them plenty of time to decide they want to "reserve their right to refuse service".Yes, I know I'm silly. And as long as The Man keeps using his bureaucracy and red tape to keep me down, the silliness shall continue non-stop. So don't judge me./self-pitying rantI sulked for a couple days, pondering. Eventually I came to the realization that it was either this or Claire's, and I was not allowed to let this simple procedure that I had romanticized into a sort of rite of passage be performed by an unqualified teenage girl with a piercing gun. So I inevitably returned with Misty S, who had by this time decided she wanted to get her brow done. I know, how romantic, right?Now that I wasn't trying to ignore the screaming voice inside my head, I noticed that I quite dig the feel of Halo. The staff is uber-friendly in a "gabba gabba one of us one of us" kind of way and if you think that's a Ramones reference I will throw my fucking shoe at you.I found it really remarkable that the guy behind the counter, who had no visible piercings to the naked eye, knew so much about piercing himself.He was actually able to talk Misty S out of something (she wanted a ring for her brow, but he presented a convincing argument as to why a barbell would be safer and easier to handle to start out with). Fuck. Even I can't talk her out of anything. Retrospectively, it might help if I actually stick with my "spitefully holding out on sex" act, but I can never keep it up for long. I know. I know.Our piercer was Ana, who we both absolutely fell in love with. Tall, tattooed (supposedly everywhere but her face and feet) and foul-mouthed, she had that perfect mixture of intimidating dominatrix and down-to-earth gal pal that really put us at ease over this whole "getting metal shoved through our faces while the other watched" bit, which I hate to admit was kind've erotic in its own way.Ana, while making small talk, went into a rant about how piercing externalizes something that we feel on the inside, and that we can't allow ourselves to be limited by what the world sees us as, and after I had a good laugh much to her confusion, I confessed that I knew EXACTLY what she was talking about.Ana took my revelation quite well, though I would've liked a little incredulousness. Nobody's ever surprised anymore.Apparently she has some  trans clientele herself and offered to do my "how's your father?" once I, you know, get one. So now when my surgeon asks me if I have any questions I can go "so yeah, I'm thinking of getting a piercing...how long should I wait..."Laying down in the chair, surrounded by pictures of scantily clad women in corsets with a tall tattooed Amazon in a medical mask hovering over me while my partner watched, I couldn't remember if I was getting a piercing or if I had just been cast in a medical fetish movie. And then she said "take a deep breath" before harpooning my left ear lobe. I winced a lilttle, I'll admit. See Also: Big fucking crybaby.Afterwards she did my right lobe, I cried a little more, and I got off the chair so Misty could hug me and tell me how brave I was.See Also: Lies.We both gave Ana a big hug and promised to come back (with chocolate, since apparently they keep pouring hard candies into her 'candy dish' and she can't fucking stand them) and went out to look for her car, which had a big sticker that said "Jesus Had A Guiche", just as she claimed it did. I wish I was wearing lipstick so I could've left an imprint on her door. But I'm glad I didn't. I would not be surprised if Ana would just kick my ass the next time I visited.Misty and I sat in the truck for a few minutes, looking at our fancy new piercings and drinking the Monsters that the guy at the counter had just given us for free without any real explanation. Fuck, some places won't even let you split a check, and these guys just throw free shit they've got lying around at you. That's class.It really, in the end, wasn't that painful. We just pretended it did so we had an excuse to walk over to Red Hot Robot and begin what I predict will become a crippling obsession with vinyl toys.
5	best jewelry selection ever. lots of custom pieces, along with gold and platinum.kelsey or glen have done all my piercings, some that i do not even have anymore - been going here for years and years.. they're the best around.
5	Halo is amazing. I have been to plenty of piercing parlors, and none has ever matched Halo, in terms of selection, intelligence, or cleanliness. God the cleanliness. I have been going to them exclusively since I got my ears done, 4 years ago, and the quality of the jewelery has only gone up.And as a note, Ana is the best human being alive.Go there!
5	What can a girl say who has a slight addiction to piercings...Halo ROCKS!! Jeremiah did my nose piercing which left me with no problems, pains, or anything. I found that the entire team was friendly, sweet, open, and very honest. I love the way the shop feels from the moment you pull into the parking lot to the time you leave. I would highly recommend Halo to anyone from a "virgin" to and experience individual. On top of the service, the character, etc...they have a huge selection of jewelry and are willing to order special pieces if needed. These guys and gals rock!!
4	I totally agree with another rvw: they really explain the piercing, area, pros & cons - if u go in asking 4 a certain place/area/piercing & it is not right 4 u, they will explain why & not do it - 4 good reason.  This is the place to go for those, um "unique" and, ah, "interesting" piercings.  Done right, done well, good service. (even if bedside manner not a hold-your-hand-i'm-your-best-friend-we-can-talk sorta thing :-)
5	I'd give six stars if I could.  This place puts the "it" in "legit" -- meaning, they want to see birth certificates of you and your parent and closest living grandparent, three forms of ID for you and your guardian, and two personal recommendations by people who are neither friends nor relatives.I exaggerate.  But you mosey in with your school ID and no parent underage, and shit's going down.That said, Halo is all about the safety, the aftercare, the sterility, pretty much everything you'd want but not ever expect in a piercer.  I just got my helix done, nothing hugely major, but Ana treated my piercing like it was absolutely special, unique, and NOT run-of-the-mill.Every time I've gone back, all the staff (including another guest appearance by the wonderful Ana) have been supremely helpful and consistent.  Ana even switched out my earring for a bar for free (no, I couldn't just do it at home with pliers, everyone else thought I could have, too, though).Halo will be there for you and your piercing for as long as you need them, and that is something you definitely cannot say for just anywhere.
5	I got my septum pierced at Halo a few months ago. my piercer was Ana, who I totally love! I find myself coming back to buy soap and I end up chatting with her for ten or twenty minutes each time.their jewelry selection is awesome. they have jewelry options for septums that I didn't know existed, and they can do all sorts of custom orders for you. I'm excited to get my 18k yellow gold clicker!anyone who has a problem with Halo's policies or "over-the-top" cleanliness should probably just remove the stick from their ass.
4	Halo rocks! I have gotten all my piercings there and would never trust any other piercing studio. They can be a bit snotty AKA professional at times. But this isn't  the type of place you want someone to lie to you. Be realistic and if you want professional go here.
5	I LOVE my new phoenix earrings!!!Halo not only has great employees they have a huge selection of jewelery. Halo is the only place I trust to pierce me. It is so bright and clean. Thanks Halo! You guys are the best!
5	I'll admit it... I don't have any piercings besides my ears that have been pierced since I was five. That said, Halo is one of my favorite places to shop. The jewelry selection at Halo is unparalleled! I have found amazing deals (like the fabulous skull necklace that EVERYONE comments on and I got for a steal) and gorgeous indulgences (like the awesome blood-wood earrings I put on to show off... mind you they were only an indulgence because I am a student and have a $0 jewelry budget.) I haven't broken down and picked up one of the glass bracelets I ogle every time I stop in yet, but it is just a matter of time. Though I haven't gone "under the needle" myself, I have accompanied friends to Halo to be pierced. Without a doubt it is the cleanest and most professional piercing place I've ever seen. The staff are always knowledgeable and I have even seen them turn down business rather than do a piercing they knew wouldn't heal and maintain well. I wish I could get integrity like that from some other businesses!Honestly one of the best locally-owned businesses in town (and I make a point to shop local whenever it is reasonable to).
5	This place is immaculate.  Not a speck of dust to be found.  The staff isn't the perkiest, but they are very professional.  I would go back just to buy new jewelry.  Their selection is good quality and vast.  Overall my experience with them was a positive one.
5	Sure a girl can get all pierced up at Halo (I have many times), but if you're not feeling pokey, you can still visit this awesome shop and leave with an intriguing piece of jewelry.  My story is this:I recently wore the super beautiful necklace I purchased at this fine establishment to my place of business.  I sell coffee.  Within my 4 hour shift I had three people not only comment on the piece but also was asked, "there HAS to be a story behind that necklace... what is it?"  To which I responded, "As a matter of fact there is!  I bought it for myself for my birthday [I NEVER buy myself jewelry.  This was indeed a treat... and btw, not expensive at all.] at Halo on Camelback.  I am a math teacher [my other career] and was instantly drawn to this necklace as it was created from the stones leading the pathway to Albert Einstein's place in Switzerland where he perfected the Theory of Relativity."I adore it and LOVE telling it's history.  Thank you Thank you Thank you!!!
5	Halo is the absolute best place in the valley to get pierced, hands down. They are fanatical about cleanliness, as well they should be. They also take the time to inform people about the piercing decisions they are making. The staff there is no-nonsense and they are quick to let someone know if they are making a bad decision. They are also quick to dispose of know-it-alls who don't want to take their expert advice. Some view that as a negative, but I think they need to take that posture to maintain their reputation.
1	I'm angry and this seemed like the most appropriate outlet to vent. FOR THE RECORD: This review is about my first piercing at Halo, the piercer Ana (whom everyone seems to love and I'm not sure why), and my initial customer service. HALO IS A 5 STAR PLACE WITH OTHER 5 STAR PEOPLE AND KELSEY HAS NEVER BEEN ANYTHING OTHER THAN HELPFUL, KIND AND GRACIOUS. THE STORY: So I decide I want to get my first body piercing, so I ask around. I was 19 and super involved in the goth scene and there were plenty of resources. My friend suggested HALO, other people suggested HALO and they all raved about the awesome jewelry and the awesome service. I was getting my nose pierced and I had to muster up the courage. Not only to go through with it, but to face my mother after. (See my mom made me sign a "contract" when I was 11 that after I got my ears pierced I wouldn't get any tattoos or put holes in my body.) Anyway, I don't plan on tattoos (though I've thought about it), but every time I come back with a hole in my face I have a bag of tears from her. So on a hot day in July I gather my boyfriend, my best friend (the one with the nostril piercing) and my courage and head to HALO. Apparently ANA was the only piercer on tap and I thought all piercers were created equal. Ana was suuuper rude to my boyfriend (if any of you Yelpers have met him you know that he in no way acts in a way to warrant rudeness.) She acted very condescending about the whole piercing process and if I had known what I know now I would have come back when someone else was there. But it's the first time "now or never syndrome." Well I pick out jewelry and she takes me back. We start talking about placement and at this point I have already paid. I tell her I would like the placement in the crease of my nose. I have thought about this part a lot. She asks me to flare my nose which I do and then tells me she cannot put the piercing in the crease because when and if I flare my nose it will not heal well. I continue to tell her that I'm sure it won't be a problem where I want it, but she refuses to pierce it unless I get it pierced where she thinks. So I go through with it. I took proper care of it, but my whole nostril swelled up and was so hard to the touch I could barely get a Q-tip inside to clean it. I went back in to HALO and spoke to Jeremiah and he offered some advice which combined with time helped. But it was so excruciating I thought about taking it out, or "Now the universe is punishing me for upsetting my mother." I found out from other pros I had look at it the flare up was most likely from the placement and, I have had other people say to me in passing, "Why isn't your nostril piercing in the crease?" Every time this happens I think back to that day where I get mad at myself for not knowing better and at Ana for giving me the excuse that "it won't heal right" when it didn't heal right in the first place. I even complained at the counter to the guy, but they don't give refunds. I think that they should have re-pierced the hole for free since I wasn't happy. And as you can see I'm still not happy. I have returned to HALO to purchase jewelry and had another piercer pierce my septum which I have been soooo happpy with. I was discussing getting a lip piercing with another piercer at the counter when Ana walked out from the back and decided that her two cents would be that I couldn't get the piercing I wanted because my lip didn't protrude enough.... No one else has told me this and there is no problem with my lip. I have no idea what is up with all this Ana love, but she is not touching my face ever again in my patronage to HALO.
5	I've had two piercings done at Halo in the past 5 years and both times were awesome experiences. They make sure you're comfortable and readily answer any questions you have without the snootiness you can find at other piercing places. They're super clean, walk you through everything they're doing as they do it, and aren't bad in prices either. My septum was $45 with the ring and my nostril was $25 in '06, also with the jewelry included. I would recommend this place for anyone getting a piercing. They also have a huge case with any kind of jewelry you can imagine including hand-made wood and glass products. Ask for Ana! She was brilliant. The reviewer below sounds like it was her fault, not Ana's, that the piercing got messed up. And my nose piercing was not "in the crease". Not all noses are created equal, I guess.
5	There has to be something said for a good business and and excellent customer service. In my previous review I mentioned my first time experience, but I would like to review my other experiences and my experience with the owners first hand. The unrest I felt that came in my previous review has been rectified and the owners took care of me and were gracious in rectifying my feelings about that particular incident. They do care about their customers well being, health and happiness. HALO is the only place I have ever purchased body jewelry from and all of their jewelry is unique and top notch. What you get is what you pay for. As to my other purchases and piercings I have been only happy with them and have recommended HALO to individuals who have asked about my jewelry and piercings. I will continue to do so.
4	I've passed by Halo numerous times, but due to my indecision, have never stopped by. From the outside, Halo is small box that you can't look into unless you make your way to the back. Inside, Halo is a spacious, clean, and quiet place. I was greeted by the cute gal Kelsey, and then introduced to my piercer, Glen. Mr. Glen was very helpful in terms of what jewelry would/would not look good on me. At first, his words of advice were better off dusted off my shoulder- he was rather blunt with his suggestions. But then I realized, THIS GUY KNOWS HIS STUFF, so I'd assume HE DOES KNOW HIS STUFF, and wouldn't suggest something horrid. Also, he has a handful of interesting stories to share while prepping.For my nostril, I declined the diamond topped stud, and went for a simple titanium one, instead of the ring that I wanted initially. Low and behold, it didn't look so bad, and I may return to get the other side pierced just for symmetry.
5	I am a forever fan of Halo now. I'm nearly 40 with no ink, mods or piercings except for single holes in my lobes when I was 12. Well, it's about time I changed that.  I spoke with Ana on the phone a while back and felt very comfortable. Today I went in to get more work done and the whole experience was awesome. Read other Yelps re: clean, professional, etc. They couldn't be better. But what made the difference was how straightforward and cool everyone was. In fact, I was so comfortable when it came time to pierce that I was worried I wouldn't have enough of an endorphin rush to help me!  I got through it (twice) and realized the hype was worse than the piercing. Ana predicted that I've started down a new path and that this wouldn't be my only piercing experience; she's probably right about that too.
4	I am a fan of Halo Piercing.  I have had 3 piercings over the last 10 years and 2 of the 3 have been at Halo.  Had I know about Halo earlier in life I would have got my 1st one there too.  The staff was very professional.  They talked me through the whole thing, step by step. The inside of Halo is cleaner than most doctor's offices and they take pride in their line of work.  The only reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 is that they do not pierce anyone under 18 years old.  This is unfortunate as I called Halo piercing to pierce my 3 year old daughters ears.  I asked if they would do it if I brought in my drivers license and her birth certificate so they would know I was her mother, and they still said no.  I hope that one day they change this policy.  But, I can also respect their professionalism.  I know when my daughter is 14, and goes into Halo to get pierced, they wont do it.   And, that is comforting.
5	I recently got my ear lobes (yes, just the lobes. Yes, I realize most girls go through this when they are 6.) pierced at Halo and had  wonderful experience! I was extremely impressed with how clean and sterile the environment was, especially since I always thought it used to be pretty dingy looking from the outside (before Frances and Smeeks came around there!). The staff obviously knows their business very well, which made me feel comfortable.  My piercer was the fierce Ana who has a habit of talking to you while piercing to keep you at ease.  And as someone who is afraid of needles, I appreciated her NOT doing that annoying "1...2..3...here we go!" kind of thing. I was a bit shocked at the price ($90 for both lobes - how much would this have cost me at Clair's?!).  But, when you consider that they used some insane, high grade of medical steel for the earrings and the overall professionalism of the experience, I would say it was worth it. I went back 2 months later when my holes were healed up and had Ana remove the earrings she had put in there (they are tricky for a beginner!), which was done free of charge. If I ever get another piercing it will certainly be at Halo!
3	I have not gotten a piercing done (yet?). If I do decide to put a hole in my body I'll definitely be coming back here with questions 1st, especially about price. Did 1 reviewer really have to pay $90 for both ear lobes to be pierced?!I was in here on a Fri a little after 6pm. The friendly/funny guy behind the counter said Fri's could be semi busy. I'll keep that in mind if I ever come back. Don't come here thinking you can be in & out.My first reaction walking in came from my nose. I couldn't help but blurt out, "Wow, now that's a smell." It smelled like major antiseptic. That's not necessarily a bad thing. It was just strong & a little unpleasant at first. I got used to it quickly.To me, Halo is a mix between a:1. Doctor/dentist office because of the smells.2. Library because it can be so quiet it's almost uncomfortable at times.3. Museum because of the glass cases of "jewelry".There were 4 people sitting on the bench & 2 others on chairs almost in the hallway. I asked how long they'd been there. Only 2 people were having something done. 1 girl said she'd been helped but had been there for about an hour. If you've been helped then why do you still have to sit there?!I know Halo has rave reviews, to say the least but the prices I've heard about & the whole waiting thing I encountered makes me pause before jumping on the band wagon (again, yet). I'm going to do my research on other places & then see how I feel.
5	Absolute professionals.  They run a tight, clean shop.  Jeremiah helped me stretch my 2 existing ear piercings and did so with astute professionalism and a wonderful, welcoming manner.  I'd recommend these guys to anyone!
2	Halo seems to be a very professional and very well ran piercing parlor....but in my opinion I think it's a little too high strung for what it is.I've also heard of people getting their ear lobes pierced for 100 dollars at Halo, which I think is insane. I've pierced my own ear lobes a ton of times. Go to claire's and get it done for free. It's not brain surgery. They are more than likely going to get infected no matter where you get them done.The pricing really isn't my biggest problem with Halo. I've been there twice and will never go back (unless I decide to gauge my ears again... they do have beautiful jewlery.) I have a bridge piercing and the reason I went was to get a new barbell. Each time I went in there they told me that they do not deal with bridge piercings, but they still would try to fit me with jewlery that just did not work at all. Going there actually made my piercing worse. I got a barbell that was too small that gave me an infection every two days (which can be really dangerous with bridge piercings). The next time I went back they gave me something that was too huge. I think...if you aren't really going to help someone out the right way, don't try to make a sale that puts your customers piercing and health at risk.
4	I've gotten 2 piercings here, my naval and my cartilage on my ear. Overall, their service is great. They are friendly and professional. It been a long time since I've been here ( I moved out of AZ a few years ago) so I'm not sure how things are now, but I when I went in 2005 and 2006, they were great. Recommended if you want good service and quality jewelry and professional piercers.
5	Halo,How do I love thee? Let me count the gauge. Or the piercings. Or the number of stunning jewelry pieces I have purchased over the years.I have recommended that so many people go here, and many have, only to leave as satisfied customers. Halo knows its business. They are detail-oriented, obsessed with cleanliness, and with impeccable taste--in short, everything you want when you are about to put metal, wood, bone, etc., into your body.The variety of jewelry is amazing. No, it's not cheap. If you want cheap (i.e.,  low-quality, tacky pieces), go to Hot Topic.
5	If you're reading this you're obviously looking for a place to get a piercing done, well look no further!  You're not going to find another place in the valley that matches the expertise and quality of service at Halo.  There maybe cheaper places in town but keep in mind that basically all you have to do in Arizona to become a piercer is to declare yourself one and you're going to get what you pay for.This place is as clean and professional as a doctor's office and the staff seems to be completely devoid of the arrogance and attitude I've often encountered at other tattoo/piercing shops in town.  As far as actually getting pierced I've only dealt with Ana and she was amazing.  Even as a man in his 40's I admit I still get a little nervous when sitting down to get pierced but Ana has an amazing talent for putting people at ease.  She is definitely one of the most interesting people I've ever met and I could sit for hours and listen to her philosophy on life.  Conversations with her are so engaging that I almost forget why I came there in the first place and before I know it it's done and she's giving me aftercare instructions.  I'm sure everyone there is just as good but if you're a first timer or a little nervous I would highly recommend Ana.
5	Halo is amazing.  I've been a customer since I was 18, (that's 10 years).  I've had all my piercings done there.  They carry a full selection of unique, high quality jewelry that makes you feel like you're eight years old at a candy store.Their piercing rooms are probably cleaner than your doctor's office and because Glen and Kelsey only hire good, clean professionals, you are always in good hands.
5	I just turned 18 and was ready to go get my first piercing alone. I went to Halo because of their natural jewelry and was amazed. I wasn't encouraged to just get whatever, even though it would have brought in money. I was cautioned against a lip or eyebrow ring for professional purposes and given really good information about what I wanted done. When I finally did get pierced, I got the procedure done for free because it was my birthday and I went into a very clean room, with Ana, who is absolutely fabulous. She did a great job of putting me at ease, and I barely felt a thing. Halo is just such a great place if you want a good piercing. The piercing prices aren't too expensive, it's the jewelry that's a little costy. But the value and quality is unbeatable.Halo is awesome!
4	Stopped in looking for some new 8ga and 6ga hardware. They have an impressive selection and the staff is very friendly and helpful. I overheard a conversation with a customer and one of the employees and the employee was very knowledgeable and forthcoming about the customers concerns. You can tell they are passionate and enjoy what they are doing.
5	Ana was so wonderful. I got my septum pierced las week and the healing has been wonderful. Ana took the time to let me know about the anatomy of my nose, was very friendly, and even let me hold her stuffed bat during the snout stabbage. Weenie move on my part, I know. But batty helped. :DI loved every part of my experience. Halo is absolutely wonderful!
5	I started going here a while back, before the other locations were opening up. I've gotten pierced and re pierced here. They have a great staff, knowledgeable and considerate. Good jewelry selection. CLEAN! Which is always a must. This is where I tell people to go, for lots of reasons.
5	Clean, knowledgeable and professional.  That's the important part.  I'm sorry I don't recall the name of my piercer, it was years ago, but he did a great job.
5	I've had a couple piercing done here, and I would never get a piercing at any other business! Ana (is she the one with red curly hair/british accent? I am awful with names) did my piercing, and she was incredibly nice, funny and professional. She definitely put me at ease, and she really knew what she was doing. Also, the staff really care about the maintenance of your new piercings, they will walk you through cleaning, changing out piercings, removing them, etc. etc. Very thorough. The whole shop in general is fantastic as well. I've never met a staff member I didn't like, the shop is exceptionally clean, and they have a very large collection of unique and rare jewelry. If you are looking for something unique or rare for any of your piercings, halo is the place to go.
5	I had my piercing done today by Ana & she is, by far, the best! I went to have my nipples re-done after 6 months without them. She found that my original piercings were off. She was excellent in sizing & helping me figure the right gauge. Now my piercings are damn near perfect in placement, size, & type of jewelery. I'm very happy with the service & professional manner that Halo provides. They even give you a card with all your piercing info so when you want to change, all you do is show them the card & they'll know what exactly fits you. I love it & highly reccommend Halo for anyone looking to get a body piercing.
5	After deciding that I wanted to get my septum pierced, I called Halo last week to find out about pricing since I'd read the rumors on here about expensive ear piercings. The receptionist  was very friendly and explained how the pricing worked, and even told me that there was a $10 off coupon on their website. Her helpfulness and pleasant disposition made me decide to go here instead of Club Tattoo, where I'd gotten my navel and cartilage pierced. I went tonight and it was the absolute best experience I could ask for. I was greeted promptly with a smile and was helped with deciding which jewelry would work best with my lifestyle/career. I don't remember the guy's name who was working behind the counter or the girl's who was arranging the display cases, but they were incredibly friendly and introduced me to "clicker" jewelry, which I can't wait to get. Jeremiah did my actual piercing and he made the process easy and fun. He cracked jokes the entire time, but was very professional with opening the sterile packages in front of me and explaining how to care for my new piercing. He did a great job and I was so relieved to see how good it looked when he was done. I was hesitant and nervous before I walked in to Halo, but these feelings were quickly erased by everyone's great attitude and willingness to answer questions. I regret that I didn't come here for my previous piercings, but I'll definitely come back for the jewelry.
5	This is one of the only places I will go if I want to get a piercing. The staff is very friendly and educated in there art. If you want to get anything pierced and you are in the phoenix area stop in here.
5	I had purchased jewelry at Halo for my tongue piercing and was always impressed with the cleanliness of their shop. The staff is approachable, knowledgeable about their product, and WON'T just tell you what you want to hear or try to upsell you on something that won't work for your body.A few weeks ago I decided to finally go ahead with the piercings that I had been thinking of getting for years and started to do some research (yes I'm a nerd... I research EVERYTHING). I toured Halo and other shops (including HTC in Tempe), and decided to go with Halo for two main reasons:1 - The piercer I met with, Ana, had a firm handshake and carried herself with confidence. She instantly put me at ease and I could tell that she was very precise and had great attention to detail. She gave me tons of advice and did not try to pressure me into getting the piercing done right then (I told her that I was just checking out shops at that point and wasn't ready to commit).2 - The smell!!! Some yelpers have complained that the shop smells like a doctors office... I happen to LOVE that smell and the cleanliness that comes along with it. Think about it folks... if you're paying someone to shove needles and jewelry into your body, don't you want the environment to be as clean and sterile as possible?? When I toured HTC in Tempe, it looked very clean but smelled like patchouli, which instantly turned me off. (On a good note about HTC, the gentleman I met with there said that if I was checking out different shops I should also check out Halo, which I thought was very cool of him to mention. That showed me that the employees at HTC aren't just there to make money... they want you to have a good experience with your piercing even if it isn't done at their shop)My piercings were done 2 days ago and with the aftercare advice I got from Ana, they're healing wonderfully and I could not be happier. IF YOU'RE THINKING OF GETTING ANY BODY PIERCING DONE, these are my words of advice (for whatever they're worth):- Do lots of research online... check out reviews of different shops, learn as much as you can about the jewelry recommendations and aftercare, and read others stories about their own experiences. Don't believe everything you read online though... you should always check with your piercer about anything you're thinking of doing, especially regarding aftercare instructions.- Visit 2 or 3 local shops (if you live in the Phoenix area I would recommend you visit Halo and HTC... they both seem like great shops, it's probably just a matter of individual opinion & comfort which one you decide to go with). When you visit the shop make sure you check out their clean room (including the autoclave) and their dirty room. Have them show you the room that you would actually be pierced in, and pay attention to the cleanliness of that area. Try to meet the person who will do your piercing and make sure you feel comfortable with them. Trust, confidence, and comfort are important! Trust your instincts.- Lastly, don't let price be a big factor in making your decision. $50 off from a random shop might *seem* like a great deal, but try explaining that to your swollen infected nipple (or lip, or eyebrow, etc.). You get what you pay for! Good piercers and quality jewelry are truly worth the extra money.Good luck, and have fun! Halo rocks!!
5	I have now 7 piercings, I received the others from another location, and while they were good... Halo was excellent!! Every minute of my visit from the time I came through the door to when I left I was treated like a "customer" and not some person walking in to get pierced for the first time, other places made me feel uncomfortable. I had my right nipple pierced, and ANA I LOVE YA GIRL!!! You rock!! the service, price, and the entire visit was fantastic, if ANYONE and I already had some of my friends on Facebook ask how it was, and every person was told by me, go to HALO!!!......Thank you again everyone there!! I WILL BE BACK!!!
5	Don't confuse knowledge with snobbishness! The people at Halo are perfectly friendly, and well-educated to boot. If you're looking for a quality piercing from a place with legit cool jewelry, go here. Ana -- red hair, tats -- did my tragus, and she was incredible. I don't live in Phoenix and happened upon this place by chance, but I wish I did -- I'd ONLY go here if I could!For first-timers and veteran mods alike, you can't go wrong.
5	I had read the reviews and wasn't worried about cleanliness as excessive attention to our health was the cause for several lower reviews. I was concerned that I would be tense as there was mention of a less than friendly attitude. Luckily I saw nothing of that. I called the day before I got pierced to see what prices would be. I was getting second holes in my ears plus cartilage top of ear. I was given the prices and a bunch of make sure you eat first and the person at the other end was friendly.When we showed up, the receptionist was incredibly friendly and answered all of our off topic gauge questions as well as overloading me with information that she handed to me in paper form as well. While we waited she showed us her favorite jewelry. My piercer was Jeremiah and he was fantastic. He made jokes through the entire ordeal. Some of them were even funny.Not once did I get the look or or expression of you are not cool enough to get pierced that I have gotten other places.If you use their bathroom, the light is a motion detector so don't stand in the doorway and try to feel for a switch on the wall. You won't find it and the light won't go on. That was the most uncomfortable awkward part of the entire trip for me.
5	The people at Halo are very patient, kind, and knowledgeable! I went in with a friend not really planning on getting a piercing of any kind. I talked with the staff, looked at the jewelry and then went in with my friend when she got her nostril done. I decided then and there I had to have mine done too. Ana did a great job of selecting the location that would look best on me and reassuring me. Her skills are FANTASTIC! I also love listening to her talk with that beautiful NZ accent! I've got a piercing or two that I'm considering having done and if I do decide to get them done ...?? I'll be going to Halo!
5	After my boyfriend had a positive experience getting his ear pierced by Ana, I decided to stop in to have my nostril pierced. After filling out some paperwork and selecting a stainless steel piece with a champagne-colored stone, I waited just a few minutes before Jeremiah called me back.  I have three tattoos, multiple ear piercings, and a pierced tongue, but I was still nervous about this latest piercing.  Jeremiah was a nice, calming force and explained everything he was doing.  Before I knew it, he was done and I hardly felt a thing.  Great experience!I had a few issues with healing after the piercing and returned to the shop a few times so Jeremiah could take a look and advise me on how to get things back on track.  It's been three months and my nose is almost fully healed.  I'll be stopping in again to select some new jewelry and my boyfriend will be back soon, too, to have his other ear pierced.I would wholeheartedly recommend this shop and its wonderful staff to anyone interested in a piercing.  Not only is the shop beautiful, well laid-out (love the remodel!), and comfortable, but it is immaculately clean.  You can tell everyone works hard to keep up the high standards the shop has set for itself.Thanks, Halo and Jeremiah!
5	OK, so it started with my desire to get a pair of snake bites forever so one day while having brunch at St Francis, I yelped piercing and chose Halo based upon other Yelpers experiences. Thank you I am now in love with Halo! I have been to Halo twice now for my body modifications and this is now where I will only go to from now on. My first experience was with Jeremiah who couldn't have been more professional and painless. He explained the process, what he was doing and schooled me in cleaning, aftercare and what to expect afterwards with the 16g snake bites. My partner also got his nipples pierced at the same time and agreed that it was a great experience. My latest experience was with Ana, who helped me when I stopped in because I lost part of my lip jewelry in the shower. When I inquired about ear spacing, again, she was a wealth of knowledge and quite the Kiwi character. I couldn't resist so I let her pierce both ears with 8g plugs, painless and again another great experience. Halo stocks tons of cool jewelry, extremely clean (aseptic, they use an autoclave I believe on all of their equipment) and I have never seen so many glove changes during the process. You need to check them out! What to get next?
5	I came in just to do some fact finding on getting my nose pierced, and man oh man did I get some facts! My brother and I hung out there over half an hour while they gave us a tour of the shop, and a run down of how they do things. I didn't end up getting a piercing, but I was mesmerized by all the super affordable jewelry, and ended up buying a $32 ring that actually fits my enormous fingers. I am so appreciative of the time they spent with me!
4	I will go here to get pierced by Jeremiah because I think he is one of the very best piercers in Arizona.The piercing prices really aren't any higher than most places, nor are the prices for standard jewelry. It's when people get fancier stuff that they see the price difference. They do not use ANY Korean or Chinese sweat-shop jewelry. Most, if not all, of their steel is American made, internally threaded, implant grade, and well finished (the finish is what protects the wearer against the metals that would cause a reaction). You can get a tongue piercing from Jeremiah for $53, or you can go somewhere else and get it for $50 with crappy sweat-shop, externally threaded jewelry of unknown material.However as I am extremely picky about who is sticking a needle in me, I will go to Halo for my favorite piercer.
5	Best place to get cool, affordable and one of a kind jewelry. Bought the best set of hoops I've ever owned in my life at Halo. Everyone who works there is awesome, so friendly!
5	My wife just got pierced by Jeremiah, and it was probably one of the most professional jobs I've ever experienced. So much so, that I'm trying to figure out something to get pierced just so we can go back and give them more of my money! The prices here at Halo are very reasonable, and the staff was extremely knowledgeable, helping her make decisions every step of the process! The shop itself is small but boasts a ton of unique jewelry, and the actual procedure rooms are spotlessly clean! The piercing has since been healing very nicely and was perfectly placed! If you're sick of the snooty folks over at HTC, it's time to make the switch to Halo!
5	I highly recommend Halo and there very professional environment. After a horrible scalpel experience by a piercer in California years ago, I had to have 2 surgeries to reconstruct my ears. I thought there was no hope of ever having them look normal again. I went in to Halo about a year ago to talk to Jeremiah about possibly piercing them one day when the scar tissue healed. You could imagine my hesitation to do anything to my ears again, but as the surgeries left my ears a little uneven I wanted to pierce them with simple studs to take the focus off. So, I finally went in a week ago to see about  piercing them. Jeremiah was very comforting through the whole process and the piercing was quick, precise and just what I had hoped for and more! They are healing better than any piercing I have ever had. I don't have to hide my ears anymore! I have also had a dermal removed there in the past and can honestly say you can trust everyone here. Great place to find some awesome jewelry too. Thanks guys, I will definitely be back!
4	I've been thinking of getting my nose pierced for a long time now and my friend recommended me Halo since she had hers pierced a month back. This place is just so amazing! I'm really particular when it comes to piercings but Jeremiah was really accommodating, he answered all my questions - I had a lot! Plus, their selection is so unique, and I really loved the designs! Good thing I had some assistance or else I won't know where to start.
5	I have visited Halo several times for piercing needs since I turned 18, and I have to say they are great!  The staff is super helpful and informed, the space is CLEAN!! and they have a huge selection of jewelry to pick from.  I have been thinking about getting my nose pierced again, so I stopped in a few days ago. Not only did they answer every single question I had (and believe me, there were plenty), but they also showed me a lot of different jewelry options and helped me figure out what I wanted to do.  I highly recommend you stop in if you are in the mood for some body modification.  (P.S. they also have regular jewelry like necklaces, rings, and bracelets, too!)
5	I've seen Ana 3 times for a total of 5 piercings. First my belly button in December of 2010. I'm an incredible needle-phobe and have been since I was a kid but through her incredible "chair-side" manner, she got me calmed down enough to bring my anxiety down to a manageable level. She was very calming, took her time and joked with me until my adrenaline was down. She was incredibly careful in lining up the piercing which was important to me since I've had friends who had crooked ones or ones that didn't heal right due to being improperly lined up. My ring fell out and needed to be replaced some months later and when I went to get one, the employee who sold me the ring just guessed on the size and sold me one that was wayyyyy too long. When I went back and talked to Ana about it, I was perfectly willing to pay for a new ring but Ana refitted me with a proper size and installed it all for free even though they don't do refunds or exchanges on jewelry as a policy. She accepted responsibility for the employee's mistake and completely remedied the problem. In July of 2011 she did 2 helix piercings for me which was a pretty specialized project. I wanted an industrial but she explained that my ear is the wrong shape to accomodate it so she worked with me to create what we termed a "faux-dustrial" where she lined up 2 piercings as she would for an industrial but put two separate barbells in the piercings, just lined up to look like they should be connected. She said that once they healed we could put a bent industrial barbell in to accomodate the shape of my ear. When piercing the top piercing, the skin on the top of my ear rolled and caused the piercing to be set at an awkward angle that would have caused problems later. Not only did she notice right away, she removed it and repierced it. She wanted it done perfectly so that I wouldn't have problems down the line. While I wasn't happy about having a third needle stuck through me, it was not her fault that this happened, it's just one of those things that happens and I'm grateful that she noticed and fixed it. She was incredibly compassionate about it and got me through it. I moved to San Diego this year but I came back to visit. I've been wanting 2nd piercings in my lobes and decided to wait for my visit so I could have Ana do them. I went in on Saturday May 19th, 2012 to have them done and saw Ana who, despite them being busy, took her time with me and as she has been before was excellent at calming me down. She never rushes and always makes sure I'm in the right headspace and calm enough before piercing me. It's both because of her skill as a piercer and how good she is at helping me through my anxiety that she's the only one that gets to put needles through me. She's amazing. Not only is Halo amazing for cleanliness and selection of jewelry but Ana is an incredible piercer in all ways. She understands that it's not just about putting accurate holes through people but doing so with compassion and helping them get through it mentally as well as physically. If the doctors and nurses who worked on me as a child had been even 1/2 as compassionate or had 1/2 the people skill as Ana, I might not have the phobia about needles that I have. If any of the medical professionals who have had to draw blood or give me injections since my phobia developed had been as good with me as she is, I'd probably be immeasurably better about it now. I never feel rushed or hurried through a piercing with her. And she always takes the time to talk to me about future piercing projects. This time we talked about the new jewelry possibilities they have to accomodate ears like mine. Barbells connected with hubs or ball & socket joints which would get me even closer to the industrial that I want. Sometimes I have a wait to see her but I never mind because I know that she's just taking the same time and consideration with another client that she does with me and I so value her for being willing to take that time that I'm more than happy to wait while she gives someone the level of attention and care that I need and want for myself. She's just awesome, I can't rave about her enough. Oh, and she has a kick ass accent that I LOVE to listen to and she always has awesome stories!
5	It's a rarity for me to feel inspired to write reviews of businesses. And yet - the folks at Halo have truly made such an impact on me that I had to! The staff at Halo were truly amazing as I got my first nostril piercing. My last time walking into any kind of body art shop was ten years ago when I got my last tattoo & I never got piercings so I was a newbie to the whole experience.Within moments, I felt welcomed. Halo provided an atmosphere of calm energy, professionalism, cleanliness, and a true passion for what they do. My time there was so postive, and my piercing was quick and easy. I left feeling that I had chosen a business that I would certainly visit again and refer folks to.An additional note - My friend was in town from Portland, OR and she got her nostril pierced as well. Ana provided her with additional tips and resources for ensuring the care of her piercing, including making sure to ensure that she connected with a reputable piercer upon her return to Portland. Thanks to Ana and Glen for such a great experience!
5	Have you ever played that dumb drinking game "Never Have I Ever..."?Now, when I play that game, and some dick wad says, "Never have I ever been poked by a dude..." well, guess who drinks now?! Or do I not drink? I can't remember how the game works.  Some asshole just walked by me at Lux with a goddamned bow tie. Man.Anyway, I got both nostrils pierced because one time when I was 16 tender years old, this girl I had a crush on said off-handedly that Lenny Kravitz was the hottest man on Earth, so I studied him and saw that he was indeed a sexy bitch. So I sought for the next 17 years to emulate him. First, when i was 16, I went and found the only man in Arizona that knew how to do dreads for the white folk among us because at the time he had beautiful flowing dreads. When you're trying to dread out your hair, you have two choices, tease it until you have full body chills from the pain, put wax in it, and pray. Or just don't shower. I took the first route and loved them with all my heart until they came out in the ocean about a week after I got them. The ocean is still on my "Fight on Sight" list. Ok... did you know that Lenny even had his pubes dreaded at one point. Gooooooogle it. I didn't have the cojones hairs to pull that off. Back to the story. He also had both nostrils pierced. This was a tougher sell. But after 17 years, I decided that's the only way I could ever live up to Lenny's legend in my own mind. So I went for a consultation. When I told people I got a consultation, they laughed like it's just such an easy decision that doesn't require any thought-inquiry. You know who didn't laugh? Those mother fuckers over at Halo. They were really helpful for about 45 minutes worth of questions. Now, I don't know if you've ever noticed, but I'm really fucking good looking. A veritable Adonis. And so I was worried about scarring my near perfect countenance. So I decided to do it after speaking to the Halos. Halons? Halites? So, Fate is ridiculously funny, and made my pet bird (Cotty, I love you!) attack my nose like the day after I decided to pierce it, after waiting for 17 years worrying about scarring. And now I have a scar on the bridge of my nose and two pierced nostrils, which I love soooooo much. My friend Parisa said "Only Ana may poke me." This made me curious. Jeremiah, hopefully spelled like that, pierced me and it was superly duperly legit. Can't recommend him highly enough. Professional. Funny. Clean. Talented. But he also said that I had to engrain on my subconscious that I had to sleep on my back with my hoop DEE hoop. And after about three weeks I started to get a little blastocarinostupidima bump. Inexplicably. So I went to see them again and this time I had Ana I she basically said, "My dick is bigger than yours. Shut the fuck up and listen. You're sleeping on your side you little maggot." All in a tough guy Australian accent. And I was forced to surrender the cool hoop for another stud and now i'm walking around with two studs and no hoop. Until it heals. Then I shall return and the hoop will reemerge victorious and I'll finally grow the balls to tell Ana what's up. Until then, trust no one. Else.
5	Excellent service.  Great piercer.  Would always recommend!!!!
5	Worth the drive from Kingman, Anna was Awsome!!
5	Stupid: wanting my nose pierced since I was like 13 years old and putting it off because I was afraid of how bad it would hurt.Stupider: getting five holes in each ear, but not taking the plunge on the nose.Stupidest: finally getting the nerve to do it at the ripe age of 29, only to find out it was less painful than getting my eyebrows waxed.My husband came with me the night I finally said f-it and spontaneously drove up the street to Halo to have my teen girl wish come true.  My previous experiences with piercing were at a doctor's office (where my mom took me as a kid), Claire's (gasp!) and of course the Do-It-Yourself Piercing Studio of my college dorm bathroom.  I had no idea what to expect out of a legit piercing place.  Halo impressed me from start to finish, so much so that I'm trying to think of other piercings to get just so I can go back there.  Ana did my piercing and her professionalism was beyond outstanding.  She explained everything very thoroughly, from the sanitation processes they use to after-care and everything in between.  I felt very comfortable with her and confident in her abilities.  Unlike the 20-something piercing gun wielding chick at Claire's or my own unsteady hand, Ana has expertise, skill, and passion for her work.  If you want it done right, go to Ana.This place is spotlessly clean.  You watch them wipe down the chair you sit in.  They give you the marker they use to mark where your piercing will go because they won't re-use them.  There is a lot of jewelry there, but I like very simple jewelry so I didn't really explore it that much.  I love the diamond and white gold piece for my nose and pretty much never take it out.The only thing I would offer as a criticism is it takes way too long to do anything there.  It took forever to get my nose done.  I don't want to rush the process and compromise on cleanliness or quality, but there were little things like the checkout process that I thought could be sped up.  I had the same experience when I went with my husband to get his ears done, and then also when I had to go to replace my nose stud because I lost mine after a night of drunken debauchery.  I guess the thing is, don't go in thinking you're just going to get something done and then head home.  It's like the nail salon.  You're gonna have to spend some time there if you want it done right.Now that I write this review I've reaalllly got the itch for a new piercing...
5	OMG!!!!  I should have gone here for my navel piercing!!!  I love this place.  I read all the reviews and I remember being recommended to Ana by one of my friends last year.  So I wanted to get my ears re-pierced because the hole I had was stretching out.  I was actually thinking I would have to get them stitched up by a plastic surgeon.  Went to Halo, met with Ana...SHE IS AN ANGEL!!!  She totally said that she could fix that problem by how she was going to pierce the ears...higher and a little to the side so no one would see the other hole.  (That's what I get for going to a mall at 16 to get my ears pierced...).  They are perfect!  And you can't see the other stretched hole AT ALL!!!  The staff was really friendly as well.  And the jewelry selection...amazing.  Ana really knows her stuff.  I did wind up buying another navel post and she was sweet enough to put that one in for me.  DEFINITELY go there if you are thinking about piercing.    Thanks Ana and the rest of the staff at Halo!!!  Emily
3	Service is proffesional and friendly and everyone is very knowledgeable. I only had one propblem. When I mentioned I was prone to keloids before we began the piercer questioned how I knew that and made me feel like I had to prove something before she would believe me. Whether its true keloids or not (and I have had it confirmed by several doctors that it is) I am prone to excess scarring and I have never had a peircer question me so much when I bring it up. I appreciate the knowledge she had on the different types of scarring that are possible with piercings but I did not like being made to feel like a child in the principals office.
5	This place is amazing. Very clean and they have amazing selection. Staff is very nice and knowledgable. Will be shopping here for a long time.
4	I considered having a piercing done.  I had heard Halo was a good place for it.  I went in and discussed what I wanted done and the ramifications.  They were very clear about how long I'd have to stop doing any heavy duty hiking or mountains until it healed.  I was not willing to give that up for as long as they said.  There was no pressure to do it after that.  I appreciated their attitude.
5	I have never had a bad experience.  I have brought friends here for piercings as well and they have all been extremely pleased.  DON'T GO ANYWHERE ELSE!  You will not regret your decision to use Halo.  I trust them completely.  Halo is immaculately clean.The staff is top notch.  Ana has ninja fast hands.  Truly.   Ana is the most professional, knowledgeable, funny, and friendly piercer.  She can make even the most nervous person feel at ease and has done my last three piercings.  Tish and Stephani are both super friendly at the counter.  Both gals are helpful about jewelry choices. (Just be careful....piercings are addicting. *wink*)
5	Based on the reviews here on Yelp I went to Halo to have my nose repierced. The staff was AWESOME and Anna was the best! Very knowledgable!!! Everyone took their time to go over the procedure and care instructions!!! It was a great experience and I HIGHLY recommend them!!!!!
5	I went to Halo with my girlfriend so that she could get her nose pierced and I walked out with my Daith pierced (inner ear). Anna was THAT amazing!! Walking in as a spectator and leaving as a player! :-)The entire staff was knowledgeable and friendly and the cleanliness and sterility was off the charts AMAZING!!! I managed to choose the one place that hurts the most and Anna was so gentle that I did not shed a single tear. She walked me through the entire process, helped me to focus on my breath and I walked out of there feeling great! I would highly recommend Anna and her staff to anyone!!!!
5	I'm over the moon with happiness over my new piercing. I couldn't be happier with it and with the whole experience of getting it done.Ana answered every question I had and more. She made me feel so comfortable and empowered. She is truly talented at her craft, knowledgable and professional to the core. She explained every step she did and was the utmost of sanitary, sterile and clean. I mean honestly, what a fricken rock star.Not to mention her sexy accent. The prices for the piercing and the jewelry were perfect, the shop is beautiful and clean, the staff are incredibly friendly and open and the whole process was swift and efficient.I seriously cannot express more positivity about this shop and my experience here. I will recommend anyone I know who is looking for a peircing or even just advice about one they already have.
1	If you have a medical fetish (no fu***** lie) then you'll love this place. The people here act very superior to everyone else, like as if they have phd's in piercings. I had to ask a cupple times to actually get someone's attention. Ended up not getting a piercing here, which good choice, go to HTC, people are better, environment is better, and not as crazy prices.
5	Halso has such a large jewelry collection, I would never consider shopping elsewhere for high-quality body jewelry. And yes, it is expensive, but it's the best you're going to be able to find.I had Jeremiah pierce my navel and he did everything possible to ease the tension (I'm rather afraid of needles.) He's an absolute riot and did a very good job.I've also had Ana help  me change my navel ring and cartilage ring many times, and Kelsey is wonderful at helping me pick out jewelry.I plan on returning if (when) I get my nose pierced.
5	I waited until I was 50 to get my ears pierced - went to Halo and had a wonderful experience.  Ana was the best -- I felt very comfortable and everything was clean, sanitary, and professional.  If I had it to do again, I'd definitely go back to Halo!
5	I took some bad advice, when I put a plastic backing on a nose ring and it got stuck. Ana didn't make me feel stupid, or scold me. She spent a significant amount of time removing the backing, and going over the health consiquences of adding to body piercings. This is TWICE Ana has saved me from my own stupidity - and fixed bad piercings. In the past, I got 00 silicon plugs stuck in my ears, and she painstakingly removed them piece by piece. Ana is a piercing Angel (and seriously sexy to boot!) She always makes me feel like we are old friends, and takes amazing care of me. AND Halo has the most amazing selection of jewerly. I get all of my nose rings from Halo.
5	Came down from WI and got my nose pierced by Ana, who is absolutely fabulous!!! Very clean and professional!!!
5	I cannot say enough good things about Halo. This is absolutely the most professional and cleanest shop I've been to in Arizona. They have a great selection of jewelry a little on the pricey side but that's what you pay for retail. Jeremiah was our piercer and not only was he super professional and awesome at what he does, he was a great guy to work with--hilariously funny and very personable. If you are looking to get another piercing or perhaps take your child in to get her first, this is the place to go. The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable and it's not one of those weird trendy places where you go in and feel uncomfortable. Everyone and anyone is made to feel welcome here. And for the teenage crowd remember at Halo you get 3 free piercings on your 18th birthday.
5	Well it has been over 2 years since I got my piercings done at Halo, and I'm still ecstatic. I've changed my jewelry out a couple times, and they are always wonderful every time I stop in. Recently I had an amazing experience where Kelsey truly went above & beyond to make sure I had the right fit for my new D-rings. She ended up putting something custom together for me since the standard ones weren't fitting well, and they are absolutely perfect! She just wouldn't give up until she knew I had the right jewelry & that I was happy. They definitely live up to the "Precision" part of their name. Customer for life!
5	I forgot to ask thier names names but the ladies there tonight were awesome. The piercing artist was honest and she cared. She was very clean and was willing to help me even though I want able to get anything done. I well be back!
1	Came here a couple of times to buy jewelry and once to accompany a former friend to get her nipples pierced. Their selection of jewelry is beautiful. I will be honest and give them that. Lots of ethinic jewelry, teardrop, anatometal, bone and organic jewelry. It's all showcased behind glass. The staff seems to be very knowledgeable at what they're doing and it seems clean and sterile. The issue I have about this place is the attitude and vibe I've gotten from the staff. Kind of pretentious, snooty, & stuck up. I understand being knowledgeable in your area of expertise but acting better & rude to your customers is unacceptable for business. According to some other reviews I've read here on yelp, I'm not the only one who has felt the same pretentious vibe from this place. I had my 18 year old daughter with me in my arms when my friend was going to get her nipple piercings. The moment I walked in I was kicked out because I had my daughter. She was asleep in my arms, behaving, not touching anything, and they told me she couldn't be in there because of the cleaners they used inside the place. It smelled no different than a doctors office and the door was wide open to ventilate inside. I have entered many clean & sterile piercing and tattoo shops before and never have I once been kicked out of such a place for having my daughter with me. I felt a bit discriminated against. They also did not go into detail as to what "harmful" cleaners they used that could cause damage to my daughter or how and why. I have a few close friends that work at tattoo and piercing parlors that find it weird they kicked me out because of her. And yes, the locations that they work at are clean and sterile environments because I have received tattoos and piercings from their job sites and they also have good reviews on yelp. Nonetheless I will not be giving my business to this place and will give my friends who work at their parlors my business instead. I will also check into HTC to give them a shot as well. Heard they are not as pricey as Halo and offer very good customer service and sterile equipment. What a shame for Halo because I was thinking about bringing my daughter to get her first ear piercings here but since this incident I have decided not to give them my money & business anymore. Sorry, Halo. You lost a customer.
5	I went in to get my very first piercing this morning, and although I don't plan on getting another one any time soon, it's not because I had a bad experience, but because I dislike pain very much!! However, Glen was amazing! He made me very comfortable and he was very personable. I would definitely recommend this venue as it is very clean and the staff is wonderful!
5	Great place and awesome piercers! Very knowledgeable about their craft. Went there to get my nose piercing put back in after an MRI. Bought a new piece of jewelry for it and got my brow pierced. My piercer was awesome. I would recommend going here for anything piercing related.
5	Just wanted to do a quick update on previous review. As I said before I appreciated the amount of knowledge everyone here had and that is why I went back. Every experience I have had at Halo since has been amazing. They are so knowledgeable and willing to answer all my questions and never get frustrated if I ask silly questions or want something reexplained. The quality of the jewelry, the staff and the business as a whole is amazing and I tell everyone I know to go here.
5	Best piercing establishment around!!! I will not go myself or take my daughter anywhere else to get pierced except here. They have always been straight forward and professional. The shop is well run with a wide selection of jewelry to choose from both in stock and available for special order. So, if you're looking for your piercings to be done right the first time and want to be guaranteed your health is at the forefront in everything the staff does, This is your place just as it is Mine :-)
4	I haven't been in a piercing store for a while. Actually probably close to eight years and prior to that another eight years.  Anyway, I had to remove dome piercings for surgery and made the assumption that I could put them back in at anytime.  Not True.  Hence bringing me to Halo.I was impressed; it appears to be women owned and the assortment of jewelry in amazing.  They offer some amazingly feminine earrings, belly rings etc.  I pick up 22K gold and diamond nose ring and some beautiful rose gold and horn earrings (pic uploaded).Pros: I thought that everyone was extremely friendly; the place is on point with cleanliness, knowledgeable, fantastic jewelry selection, customer service.  I also think it is interesting to see female dominated store versus my experience 18 years ago. Customer Service was great.  They actually have a no return policy (which makes sense) but the earring I bough I had not gotten to worn and the horn carved piece fell out.  I was able to swap them out and get a small upgrade because they were out of my particular style.  This alone and the select will have me going back.  I love that they offer designer jewelry and items in real gold.  Cons:  I knew I was going to be purchasing a couple things; I wish I could have paid in the end.  Instead I ended up running my credit card 3 times.  Once to pay for the stretching and purchase of the earrings, second while I was getting my nose done she mentioned gold and diamond nose ring (so then I purchased that) and third, I forgot Ocean Water on my way out.  It would have been nice to pay at the end for everything; however I am assuming that sometimes a less than stellar crowd has burned piercing owners. Last, when I went to return, the women running the counter doesn't seem empowered to return or really run transactions.  With the main women (assuming owner) running the back of the office (procedures) the front of the house needs to be able to operate solo.  Both days I had to wait for the women in the back to finish what she is doing to assist the front counter.  I will be back and often as I think this is my new favorite place for unique earrings and body jewelry as I don't know at this point in time I need to new piercings.  However if you are looking I highly recommend Halo.  I think you will feel comfortable and happy with the quality.
5	Best piercing place ever!! I'm addicted. Huge selection of jewelry.
5	The only thing I have pierced are my ears and I'm really not that cool. I love Halo anyway. They have a fantastic jewelry selection not just for those with plugs or exotic piercings. Everyone here is always super friendly and helpful. I've come as the hand holding companion for numerous friends who have gotten pierced. I've always been impressed by the hygiene standards and knowledge of the piercing staff.I also think their small museum collection of ancient piercings they've had over the years is pretty awesome.
5	Halo, is the premier piercing shop in Phoenix. I wish I would discovered it under much better circumstances. I had gotten my nose pierced over the holidays last November, unfortunately from a shifty parlor and I had started to experience post piercing difficulties. My friend introduced me to the shop and to Anna and she immediately made me feel better about the troubles I was having with my nose and my piercing. Halo has free walk-in consultations which is a service I utilize quite often. I considered it to be a check up for my nose and I go in periodically to make sure I'm on track with my healing.The entire Halo staff is beyond helpful and knowledgable. I have found every one of my experiences enjoyable. Even if my visit was concerning some degree of discomfort I was having due to my piercing, I was always handled with care.
5	Took my Mom here for a nose piercing for Mother's Day.  Ana was AMAZING!!!!!! She took great care of us!!!! The shop was immaculate and everyone was so nice, professional and made us feel so welcome!
5	I got my ears pierced by Ana about a year ago and have since gone back to Halo to get my jewelry changed and to buy more jewelry. I have experienced nothing but top-notch service. I was afraid to get my ears pierced after an awful experience at Claire's as a pre-teen, and Ana put my mind at ease. Kelsey and Glen did a great job helping me pick out barbells that are extremely comfortable. As a former medical professional, I am really impressed by how clean their shop always is and how seriously they take the health and well-being of their customers. I also love their unique collection of jewelry from indie artists.
4	I really like Halo.Their staff is very helpful, knowledgable, patient.Ive had quite a few piercings at this location and its always been a really pleasant experience. All of my piercings were well placed, professionally done and healed very quickly. My only complaint is they have a terrible selection of basic jewelry. They never have my sizes in stock. Basic sizes. Their jewelry prices are way too high. I buy my jewelry somewhere else.But I love the staff.. Go to Halo for piercings.. shop around for your jewelry.
1	I've never experienced customer service as tacky as I did today. I  was referred to Halo from a tattoo shop in the area that said they would definitely be able to assist me with my urgency on changing out some hardware. When I arrived, the attitude from the 2 female employees was disrespectful and unprofessional. Educated or non educated in piercing, you don't speak to someone in such a negative way. I will never return or recommend this shop. I know when I was pierced. I'm educated in the piercing I have. My piercing is a simple nose ring.
1	I feel like all these reviews are made up by the shops friends. Yes I will give that the shop is clean but the people there are incredibly rude! While you're looking at the jewelry through the glass casing they will move you to clean it, while waiting to get a piercing that I actually got turned down for, at least 4 people came in and got turned away. Bad business. And when asked if there was any other place to go to they said no and not trying to be helpful what so ever. Worst place ever! The only good thing about the place is it's next to Applebee's and Dutch brothers. Don't go there unless you want to be treated like crap.
5	Nipple piercingI was so nervous to get this piercing and had thought it through for quite some time. I had stopped by Halo a couple of times prior to ask questions, each time they were patience about my questions and never pressured me to do the piercing (they must get it a lot.)When the day finally arrived when I could wait no longer, I went in there and explained that I just wanted basic jewelry to start with. Once again, no pressure to upgrade. I waited for the person before me to get her belly piercing. Waiting here can be awhile, whether for questions or service, but I'm fine with them taking their time to service the customer correctly then rush through everyone. I was led back into the room by a colorful New Zealander. She was fantastic. She had me and my fiancee sit while she cleaned and talked. Very clean!! Finally she had me stand while she marked everything and ensured I was comfortable with placement. I was hesitant at first, thinking maybe it was just me, but she could tell I was pondering and kept telling me to let her know. Finally I did, and she readjusted the markings, no problem. Then the piercing. Yes, it hurt for a second. It hurt a lot. But it was just for a second and she was fantastic getting me to breathe and adjusting. The piercing didn't hurt at all after it was in and the barbells were screwed in. She explained care and we talked for a little while while they calmed down. I was very happy with this service (as many people on this site!!)It took me a couple days for them to not ache all the time. It was just a little and slightly annoying. Now its just if I bump them against something. I'll definitely go back here and refer everyone I know to this shop!!
2	I don't write very many reviews but after three days of thinking about it, I had to write something about our experience. First off I tried to convince my partner to go to HTC because it was much more conveniently located for us, but she insisted because she had her nose pierced at Halo and had an excellent experience. So off to Halo we went. Now keep in mind we knew very little about ear gauging so we definitely needed some information about it. We were met by a woman with very short white hair (adorable hair btw) and a mechanic shirt that had the name "Vincent". Unfortunately she was extremely rude and acted like any question we had was just plain ridiculous of us to ask. To say that it was a humiliating experience, would actually be an understatement. I wanted to walk out but my partner really wanted to go to the piercer at this location. So we continued to endure the rudeness and impatience from "Vincent". I would have given "0" stars if the experience ended then but thankfully we were called back for the piercing by Ana. She was awesome! We will never forget her wonderful smile, funny stories about her brothers growing up and some bodybuilding shows that she has competed in. If we had just met with her the experience would have been A+!!! So thank you for the great piercing. No thank you to "Vincent" who tried to make two RNs feel like the stupidest people on earth.
1	UGH.  I was so excited to come in when I saw they had a large selection of jewelry.  I just needed a replacement for my barbell.  I called ahead and asked if they had jewelry for nipple piercings and was told yes they all kinds.  When I walked in and said I had called a few minutes ago and had asked about nipple piercings I was greeted by who I can only assume is the woman all the other bad reviews are talking about.  Woman with short blonde hair.  She immediately had a disgusting attitude with me saying ''well there's just so much merchandise we can't display it ALL"  ...I didn't ask to see it all, I just asked if you had a specific area of nipple rings.  She then pulled out a box for me and I asked if I could take off the lid to see the jewelry, I got a very snotty ''NO".  I have had my jewelry for several years and have no idea what the standard piercing size is and maybe that's my bad but I asked her what was the standard size and she was like ''12 or 14"  and then gave me a really fake smile like I was stupid for even asking.  Like, she was making absolutely no effort at all to seem hospitable and it was clear she didn't want to help me out.  I was polite and nice to her from the very start so there was no need for her to act like a raging bitch, which is exactly how she was behaving.  This is terrible customer service, when people come in with questions don't you WANT them to feel like they can ask questions?  Don't you WANT the service?   I WOULD HAVE bought jewelry but couldn't bring myself to give her ANY of my money after the display she put on.  Her friends were there hanging out and they seemed nice enough so I don't know what the hell her deal is but its not a good example to set when you're representing your place of employment.  I will tell everyone not to shop here if they encounter her because, frankly, she pissed me off.  I'm a friendly person and I'm sure the other people who had troubles with her are too, but I came very close to telling her just how rude she WAS being.  Take a customer service class please!
4	I love this place. Ana pierced my nose, and she was so charming and knowledgeable. I knew I was in the best hands. She also helped me today because I blew that damn thing out of my nose due to allergies. One thing that was "meh", was the girl at the front when I originally went in there (9/21/2014). She was less than helpful. But! Today when I went in for my emergency-shove-this-effer-back-in-my-face (9/29/2014), the girl in the front was wicked nice and awesome. One other very important fact. ...... this place was eat off the floor clean.
5	Originally from Phoenix I left to LA and could not find a single person who knew of or could tell me where I could find Medical Grade Jewlery. I've been waiting for about a year to change out my nose stud for a nose hoop. I went back to Phoenix for a short visit and was helped by Tish at the counter as well as Ana the piercer. Both were extremely helpful. Ana is the best! She's skilled and knowledgeable and has an incredible energy. I love my rose gold nose hoop with bead closure. I've been going to this place since I was 18! I trust them and their jewlery. They take the cake!
5	I'd been wanting to get my nipples pierced for a while and I had my tongue pierced at Halo over 12 years ago so I knew the facility was clean and the people were courteous.I went in, filled out the paperwork, my friend and I went to the back and Kelsey was super nice, she cleaned me up, marked me with my own special pen "no cooties" and then let me check the position. Then she prepped perfectly...gave me instructions on breathing and talked through what she was doing. It was amazing how quick and stealth she did the piercing. I breathed in and by the time my breath was out, she was done! By the time I realized it hurt...it was over and barbells were in. We chatted a bit, she explained after care, laughed, made sure I was good and really...she was SO NICE! I was very pleased and happy with my piercings and the service! It was awesome!I can't wait to see how they heal...right now still a little tender, but it's to be expected. I joined their piercing club and am definitely going back! Thank you Kelsey!!!
3	Halo is very clean and has an excellent selection of jewelry. My experiences with them have been so-so. I agree with other reviewers about the receptionist with short blond hair. She has quite a flat affectand does not make a customer feel very welcome. The piercers are very knowledgeable but may feel like they need to prove something and come off arrogant. I've had 3 piercings from Halo over the years. Only 1 has healed well. I have followed all of the directions for care that I was provided. Sea salt soaks, no sleeping on the piercing, ect. Funny that the recommended care used to be to clean piercings with provon soap. I may have bad luck with some piercings but I've never had to remove a piercing that was done at HTC. Think I'll stick with them in the future.
1	INCREDIBLY HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. After reading the MANY complaints about the short haired blonde woman that works here I thought why not add another. I've been here twice BC after my first bad experience I gave them a second chance. We've all had bad days and sometimes its hard to give customer service when a place is busy or you have bad customers but this woman is ridiculous. First time I went in there were TWO other ppl waiting, who I assume both were waiting to get pierced since they were sitting. My friend and I started looking around, they have a lot of unique jewelry which was a pleasant surprise. We were in there for 20 min before the blonde woman even acknowledged we were there, I would of walked out sooner but I was looking for a gift and saw something that was perfect. She first scolds me BC I grabbed the gauges that I wanted out of the case, which was unlocked and half open. I wasn't aware they were suppose to be locked, assuming a mistake made by her, and not to be touched. Quickly she snatched them out of my hand and asked me how I got them out..... BC in the 20 min I was standing right in front of you I jimmied the glass open to steal your merch...ridiculous. I asked how much they were, since nothing is priced and why customer service is vital in a situation like this. She acted annoyed, like I was bothering her. They were WAY over priced but it was a gift and I tend to spend more on gifts anyway. After I bought them she never said thank you or even acted like she wanted our business. Best part...I get home and the size gauges I bought aren't even the size it said and there are no returns. Bullshit. Went back like 3 months later and walked around waiting for help AGAIN for 20 min with the same short haired blonde chick and ended up walking out. This could be a cool place but will never be going back or recommending to anyone. Word of advice for shop owner....hire a better receptionist with some actual people skills and you may retain some business.
