4	this is the perfect place for people who want to skydive, but cant afford it, or are afraid of heights.  for $70, you get 3min of "in the air" time.  yeah, that sounds steep, but if you think about in terms of an actual skydive which may run you $200 for 30 second of "in the air" time.  (i know actual skydiving would be hella cool)  it also includes dressing up in all the gear, i.e. parachute jumpsuit and the 20 min training class.  once youve been taught the basics of safety, and how to fall safely, you get to enter the super padded air-silo.  you look below you and you see the giant fan that will get you floating.  they have you lay on your stomach and a trainer stand by you to help guide you.  one thing to know...relax.  the more your body is relaxed, the more you can control how you float in the air...plus the more alone time you have in the air without the trainer.  my buddy was so stiff and nervous, the trainer had to keep turning off the fan.  if want to do another 3 min, they offer it for an additional $35, but only on the same day.  remember when you go...relax...
4	Also known as body flight, this is basically a vertical wind tunnel, with air speeds up to 120 miles per hour.  Put on a special flight suit, move into the air, and you're borne aloft.  Flyaway Indoor Skydiving of Las Vegas runs the show.Training took about 20 minutes.  Most of the time was spent on proper body position and, for those times when proper body position was not maintained, on the proper falling technique (tuck and roll).  Finally, it was time for flight.  The fan came up to speed, I jumped over the fan and...son of a gun, this thing actually works!  Air time is only three minutes, but it seems a lot longer.  I fell a few times, but managed to escape major injury.  However, I learned one lesson that they don't tell you: wear long pants and heavy socks.  I was wearing shorts and short socks, and during one fall got my feet too close together.  One shoe scraped across the opposite ankle - HARD - leaving a bruised, bloody patch that took months to heal. Nonetheless, I'd definitely go back.
5	Although it is a lot harder than it looks and it is frustrating because it is difficult to hit that sweet spot where you actually float [see photo] it is a really cool experience.  One time I found the sweet spot and flew to the top and that scared the crap out of me especially when I fell down from there.  Luckily they have spotters that make sure you have a soft landing.BTW a month later I went real skydiving. www.yelp.com/biz/ijYjuxqnQtHl3JJ7mrmhwQ#hrid:Id07_MosquEZNzhPkcj1bQ
4	I went to a tradeshow, and met a gentleman that looked like he had a sunburn and asked where he had been.  He told me about Flyaway, and off we went.  I highly recommend this to anyone going to Vegas.  A great venue for the day time hours in Vegas ...
5	WOW this place IS SOOOO FUN!!! it is a bit on the pricey side, but it was totally worth it.  the people who work there are SO friendly, and they totally made me feel comfortable.  its a good spot to go when you don't feel like gambling, getting drunk, or walkin' the strip.  totally recommend!!
4	you put on a fat suit sans padding. they turn on a fan.you get bounced around for a bit then you find the right position and you float. sounds lame, but for some reason, you just can seem to stop smiling. probably cause the hour it took to get here, do this damn thing and get back to your casino, you *saved* a few ks by not being on the bj table. anyone that WANTS to try skydiving, but just cant seem to find themselves doing it for whatever reason, try this out first. i hear they got a spot like this in the bay now too. gotta try that place out.
5	This is so much fun! Take a break from your partying and gambling to try this! I recommend going in the morning as it gets super hot and crowded during the day. It's harder than it looks, so if you live in the area, you should go a bunch of times to get good at it and go crazy like the guys who work there. Make sure all your hair is tucked under the helmet before you go, otherwise you will have one massive knot that you will have to cut out (luckily it was only my bangs)!
3	`~~~~~~~              ~~~~~~~~            ~~~~~~~~~~~~~                             .-'                  '-.                           /                           \                           \""""""""""|""""""""""/                            \            |            /                              \          |          /                                 \       |        /                                   \     |      /         = 'Real' Skydiving                                        0                                    +- | -+                                        / \_________________________________   cluck cluck                                ww                              ( ._. )                                \ \/ /                                                      __ / ~  \ __        = Indoor Skydiving                               ( ( ( ( \_ /  ) ) ) )                                      .                          _ / /   .    \ \_                                   .                                     .                           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~______________________________We did this not too long ago (less than a year).  Indoor skydiving is fun, really fun. But it can get expensive. For that price, we should have just grown some brass and jumped off of a plane instead.______________________________ Note:-You will get dry mouth; it is really hot inside. Keep hydrated.- Don't bother spending money on the video. I can't imagine family and friends getting too excited with the prospect of watching a video--- a video synced to Van Halen's Jump ---of 10 guys 'floating' INDOORS. -It's still pretty fun. But.....
5	Woooo!  This place was tight!  I had so much fun!  I have been planning on skydiving for a while and this was a good start.  The instructor actually recommended it before doing an actual jump.  The instructor was cool and knowledgeable.  Thanks IZ.  If you can get Izzy as your instructor do it!  The pricing wasn't too bad in comparison to other places, actually it was pretty good comparatively to the other indoor skydiving places in LA.  They offer packages and deals all the time so look out online and call ahead to see what's up.What are the requirements?  Max is 6 ft at 230 lbs.  I don't think there's a minimum height but you have to weigh at least 40 lbs.  They have kids pictured in the website.  Tight!  I wish I could have done this as a kid.  If you are over the Max call anyway to see cause they said they've had bigger people actually do it.  Don't get deterred.
5	So we came here for a uber cool company celebration event. The staff here was really nice although the downside was that we all had to weigh in. Sadly to say I haven't been on my scale in awhile and the fact that my fat jeans were feeling tight weren't a good sign either. Aside from that, we got to don these huge fat suits with slits cut into them. Following a short safety introduction video and signing my life away, we were ready to fly. I mean... everyone but me. The split our group into two groups of 4 and into the air tower we went. The instructors were kick ass and the experience was amazing. I was scared shitless at one point. I looked down and saw these huge turbine fan blades... all that separated me and the human mandoline was this wire mesh. Oh good God! Needless to say, I survived. *mentally plays "I'm a Survivor" Song* Would I do it again? Yes. But bring the chapstick and a hairtie. The 120MPH wind dried out everything. I think I have 3 new split ends to show for this experience. I think there was a video of this out there somewhere for all those of you who want to blackmail me...
4	What a fun experience.  You get all the benefits of simulated flying without the whole "falling to your death" thing!  I'm sure this isn't as exilerating as jumping out of a plane, but it can be just as fun with a nice adrenaline kick!The staff is fun and friendly, very quick witted and attentive to questions.  They'll even get a chuckle out of you from time-to-time, similar to traffic school instructors, but a little more edgy.  What you see in their promotional videos as you walk in isn't necessarily what you get.  You'll see solo flyers doing stunts and tricks... this is NOT what you'll be doing your first time around.  You will be with a group of people under very controlled conditions.  Tricks are only for the advanced and experienced.There were a few things I wasn't particularly fond of.  The suits you wear are designed to provide drag so you can be easily lifted into the air.  They are reused and recycled and don't have the best ventilation.  It almost felt like a pair of bowling shoes.... for your whole body!  Granted, they didn't reek of sweat and musk, they just didn't seem like the cleanest suits on the block.  Another thing is the actual air being blown at high velocity.  This is Vegas air... so it's hot!  Imagine turning on your heater, standing right in front of it, then turning up the flow of air to one hundred miles per hour!  That's what it felt like.  Combined with the parachute suit... I was literally swimming in my own sweat halfway through this event.  By the end, I was five pounds lighter and mildly dehydrated (over exaggeration).Overall, it was a lot of fun.  This is something you should try if you have no interest in doing the real thing.
5	This is really fun.  There aren't many places that you can do this, so having one just off the Las Vegas Strip is quite a novelty.  Try your luck at flight without jumping out of a plane!It was surprisingly difficult to keep your balance.  It was also tiring.  After 15 minutes 'over the fan' you feel like you had a workout.  Well worth the price!
5	Faaaaantastic adventure experience while on a bachelorette in Vegas this past weekend! We had Rob as our instructor and he was great! All 8 girls really enjoyed their experience and we had a blast watching the DVD upon our return! According to Rob I am ready to do tricks the next time I go (must be the gymnast in me..lol) so I definitely can't wait to go back and do flips n stuff! Highly recommended for anyone looking for Vegas fun in a non-typical Vegas way ;)
5	Just as fun as the real thing! I went skydiving for the first time 4 years ago and it was AWESOME, but you get 3 min. of free fall here. That's the free fall equivalent of 3 jumps. Our instructor was Lance, he was great. The staff is super fun. The only thing I can suggest is to clean the suits more often. The one I got smelled of the 10 people who used it previous, but even so the smelly suit was worth the experience. If that grosses you out, I'm sure if you go early in the day you won't come across the stinky suits.
3	This is tricky...It's HOTTTTT when you are in the middle air doing the skydiving part.When you are doing it - it does feel fun.. BUT you are only in there for less than 15 min (2 min x 3 times in the hot air with the trainer - the rest you are watching the other people) so is it really worth $65 for 15 min.. not really..  If you do go, at least try to be in a small group so you can get more air time.
5	Its definitely one of those things you have to try out once in your life.  Especially if you're not down with the jumping out of the sky at 15,000 elevation either.. Its at the end of the strip near Circus Circus and Encore so I was able to walk to it while taking a break between eating at Buffet and watching Zumanity at NYNY. You don't have to make reservations, just walk right in, they weigh you and make you sure you are under the maximums, you pay and wait for the next class. In the mean time you can go watch other people do the indoor skydiving in the observation area. Our instructor was named Chris.  Very nice, outgoing, informative.  This is how you spend your time there.. - 5 minutes to watch the training video that teaches you hand signals then sign your life away (you have to do this with anything pretty much) - 15 to get in your outfit, googles, gloves, and helmet- 10 to 15 minutes "skydiving" I was really afraid that I wouldn't fly for some reason but I totally did!  The air tunnel is blowing hot air at 120 mph so that was interesting.  I think this is the one step before doing the real thing! Should def try it- its 75 bucks but print out a 10 dollar off coupon from the website and its good for up to 10 people.
3	This place is worth experiencing once, but that's really about all I can say.At the suggestion of my parents, I got my girlfriend a gift certificate for this place last Christmas. Not long after, we went and checked the place out. Its was an interesting experience, if nothing else. First and foremost, the actual experience here is too pricey for how brief if is. You'll be paying about $75 per person for less than 15 minutes in the air chamber. And prior to entering, you'll be spending twice as much time putting on the equipment and watching a briefing video and the like. Again, I understand that this is all safety-oriented stuff and is a necessity, but it is certainly tedious.The actual "in chamber" time is something of a disappointment because you have to go in with an instructor, and the instructor pretty much dictates everything that is done. Again, this is obviously done so that idiots don't go in and hurt themselves, but it definitely restricts what could have been an "amazing" experience into something far less. One thing I will say though - our instructor was a great guy and did a solid job. Experience this place once in your life by all means, but due to the price and brevity of your time in the chamber, I can't really recommend repeat visits.
4	So our our bachelor party, we had to have the clubbing, the food, the strippers, and the gambling.  But what about during the days?We narrowed it down to indoor skydiving or shooting machine guns.  Well we finally chose indoor skydiving.  This place is pretty legit.  It came out to be about 75 bucks a person for their package which included a dvd and a couple of minutes for each person.  There is a video you have to watch before, then you gear up and are given pointers, and you're in the area.The guides seemed to be very helpful with fixing your flying situations. I had signed up, but at the last minute saw the warning, that if you have bad shoulders (2 dislocated shoulders) you should not be doing this.  I ended up trading out with someone else and watching them do it while I took pictures.  Our grouped enjoyed the experience and it was a blast seeing one of my friends fly across the room and hit the wall.
5	Great instructor, great for family. Well worth cost of $65.
5	Really enjoyed the experience! Would have loved more air time but I get it....Staff was great - very upbeat, friendly and enthusiastic. Hot instructor (Nick) didn't hurt! Definitely recommend and would go back again in a heart beat
1	When you go, you sign up, wait a really long time, get a 4 minute safety video, get geared up.   Then you go in with small groups of 4-5 people.  Just like everyone says, in your 1 hour session you get maybe 3-4 minutes of actual air time.  Its pretty fun but...not much time.  Most (98%) of that time the instructor is holding on to you.  Wife listed this as one of her top 3 events while in Vegas (and we did a lot).  As for me...I had fun but thought it was way not worth it for the little air time you get.A suggestion for the shop:  get a reservation system so we don't waste all our time waiting around.   Hint, don't go here unless you get a $10 off coupon in just about any vegas booklet.
3	As a skydiver, I thought this would be a wind tunnel experience that could help me improve my flying skills. Didn't happen here as the instructor would not let go of me for more than a second or too. Its a bit hard to get used to the tunnel when the instructor is constantly correcting everything you do instead of you being able to correct is yourself.  I can understand they rule on the side of safety, but that really took away from what I was looking for here. 3 one minute flight times was not enough time either. I think the only fun part was jumping from the sides into the fan.  The place is pretty padded so I think it would be hard to hurt yourself.  All the others in my group were first timers and they all enjoyed themselves. It was a bit warm while suiting up but overall not too bad. Unless you know the staff, I would not go here if you are an experienced skydiver.  I would recommend this for 1st timers though.
5	Passionate and experienced instructors. If you want to learn...Go there with the attitude that you're LEARNING TO FLY  this is something that you probably don't already know how to do. Be ready to listen and focus on the instruction.If you want to just have a blast and don't need to learn to fly on your own, tell them that! They can fly your ass up and down and spin you around all you want!I've been several times and keep forgetting to give them a write up!
5	We took my son here as his 13th birthday present and it could not have been more fun!! We had the BEST time!  I was a little nervous, but the staff was friendly and made me feel very comfortable.  Brett was our instructor and he made our entire experience awesome!  In fact, my son and his best friend said it was the most exciting experience of their lives!!  Can't get much better than that!
4	We had Tony for our experience, and it was a great time. I think he's got a really outgoing personality, and seemed to keep everyone pretty calm for what is a really intense experience. It was NOT exactly what I'd expected, I felt like a lot of what we did was to eat up time, and I was actually sore for a day or so (mostly pecs). Also, if it's a hot day outside, you're going to have 120mph hot air blown at you. It's going by so fast you won't break a sweat, but this is just a list of the things I was not expecting out of the experience.They don't seem to take reservations, but we showed up at 1030am or so on a busy saturday in Vegas, and we were in pretty quickly. Set aside an hour for the experience plus however long the wait is for the next opening.
5	Indoor skydiving at this facility was one of the funnest things I've ever experienced! The staff makes you feel so comfortable and make you enjoy your experience even more! If you're able to choose your instructor, I suggest requesting Justin. He was so hilarious and fun, and made my boyfriend and I's experience so memorable, although all of the instructors seemed fun from watching other peoples experiences! I would def recommend this place to any and everyone!!
5	I decided to come here during our Vegas stay through a program recommendation, and we thought it would be a great way to spend a few hours going through this.My girlfriend and I had a great time going through this experience, simply because it was something we always wanted to do. The instructors were well versed in laying out all the instructions so that our group knew what to do. TIP: Use the Yelp and foursquare promo deals so that you can save on your flight and your DVD of your flight experience (if you choose to get one)The great thing is that the instructor will guide you and take you through it so that you won't have to feel nervous at all.Trust me, by the end of the day, you're going to feel very sore from all the intense wind tunnel velocity shooting through your body. Overall, I'd recommend that you try it and see how much fun it can be!
2	I wouldn't necessarily say this is a bad establishment, I mean the staff is insanely nice and the building is kept extremely clean, but paying almost one hundred dollars to float in the air for 2 minutes just doesn't sit well with me. As you know by now, you're brought into a small room and forced to watch a 20 minute video that doesn't really explain anything. After that, you're brought up to speed by your instructor and then put into your flying garments. You're brought into a room and wait for the instructor to put his clothes on and then you walk into a large dome shaped room where you stand over a jet engine and begin your "flight." There seems to be so much down time that could be put to better use that it's almost disheartening, not to mention the fact that when you're flying, you haven't really learnt anything due to the video being so darn uninstructional! I'm a pretty average built guy, I'm not fat but I'm no olympic runner either. During the two minutes of flight time that I got, I would say half of it I was flying two inches from the ground and/or flying off in to the side walling because as my instructor told me, my arms weren't just right and/or my legs weren't bent at the perfect angle. Right on man, thanks for telling me as I'm trying to enjoy myself.If you have the extra dough and you want to impress someone, bring them here, but just be prepared to be disappointed.Oh yeah, I forgot to mention, I've been actual sky diving so the fact that I was told that my legs/arms weren't angled right is ludicrous. Next time, crank up the air and let me figure it out.
5	SO much fun!Yes, it's expensive, but where else do you get the opportunity to float in a wind tunnel with air being blasted at you at 120mph?  The staff are awesome, super energetic and clearly want you to have a good time. I would recommend getting the DVD so you can see how you did - the time does flash past too quickly, but the buzz lasted a long time!
4	Vegas Indoor Skydiving was a blast! It's definitely a great experience if you are not one to jump out of planes. It is expensive and the flight time is short but the staff are great and it really is a experience unlike, almost, anything. The flight room gets hot later in the day, so it's cooler if you go earlier in the day. Check in for a free DVD!
4	If you're looking for something different to do.....I think this is a great thing to do if you're too chicken to do the real thing like I am.  We paid for the "family discount" since there were 5 of us and then I used some discount from Yelp awhile back.  Also got the video as a cheesy souvenir for us.  Dad paid so not sure how much it was, but I'm sure it's cheaper than jumping out of a plane!   They supply the windsuits, gloves, and helmets. I recommend wearing comfy clothes underneath and I wouldn't wear a dress or skirt.  Then you watch some instructional video on what to do while you're in the wind tunnel.  But you'll have someone from staff directing you on what to do anyways. Basically the instructor will be in the wind tunnel with you at all times.  If you go with a group, the rest of you will be chilling to the side while staff works with one of you.  This was a lot of fun and I had a good laugh watching my sister and brothers flop all over the place in the beginning.  I looked like the biggest dork trying to get some wind.  But after our second or third try we were flying in the air and our instructor was spinning us around.  Our guy was hilarious,  showing us tricks too and telling us about the celebs that have gone here.  I guess Kendra from Girls Next Door did it and it was amusing to see everything but her fake boobies move in the wind tunnel.  Haha.....Good times, I'd do it again!
5	This is by far the best place to go in Vegas!  The staff is great!  The experience is phenomenal .  My kids loved it, it's something the whole family can do. And you feel such an adrenaline rush afterwards.
4	We LOVE this place!! I've been twice and both times were an absolute blast! The instructors are great and Brad (the General Manager) was very helpful with the reservation process. I made reservations and then had to make some changes and they were very accommodating! My only suggestion is to bring some bottles of water for after your "flight". You walk out and are VERY dry mouthed! I think for the cost, the company should give each person a bottle of water after they are done!
5	If you're going to Vegas to have a good time, make sure you stop by Indoor Skydiving. I could complain that it was expensive. I certainly wouldn't have minded had it been cheaper. I did get a military discount though, which was great. ($15 off). I went to Vegas to have some great experiences, so I didn't care much about the price.The staff was excellent. I guess I'd be in a good mood, too, if I could fly around all day. I was in a pretty good mood just having done it for a few minutes.The experience depends. You might go and get a couple minutes. When I went, it was just me and this awesome Australian guy. We had to wait for the previous group to go in and get out, but I ended up with way more time than I expected. Our instructor showed us some things, then brought us each out. He'd toss us back to the side and tell us to jump back into the middle. More often than not, you won't be angled right and go flying off course. Even still, that's awesome!The instructor will usually keep his hands on you. You'll spend most of your time about 3 feet off the ground. If he trusts you, he'll let you soar. And it's glorious. Certainly, the experience is over too quickly, but that's because I'd still be in there if I could. The Australian dude went back for seconds, which he got to do all by himself.Even though you're basically just floating in air, your muscles get a workout. You've got to hold your arms and legs at weird angles for a long time. I'm very in shape, but my butt hurt for a while afterward. You have to bend your body into a U shape, against the hurricane-force wind. If you don't do that everyday, you'll get tired. If you do, what on earth are your hobbies?At the very end of your session, your instructor will get to show off. He'll do crazy acrobatics that will provoke insane jealousy. All you can do, though, is go again or ask for an application.For the naysayers, Yes, the flying time is relatively short. I've been skydiving and it's awesome. You can squeeze a few extra minutes from the experience, plus there's more scenery on the way down. Skydiving, though, is no joke. If you're scared of heights, it might not be for you. You also need more training to go alone, otherwise you'll spend the jump strapped to someone else. It's also more expensive. If you want to have a great time during some afternoon in Vegas, definitely check it out.
5	Fun, Fun, Fun ! This is by far the funnest thing to do in Las Vegas! Put it on your bucket list!
5	We found a coupon for this in one of those magazine things that they put in all taxi cabs so we decided to check it out. Our instructor was soo amazing. He was very informative and outgoing. I can't really think of any tips as they will tell you everything that you need to know there. If someone is scared of heights or not really adventurous then this is STILL for you! My fiance is scared of heights and hates adventure type things but he had a blast. I saw children who were sooo small doing this so if they can do it anyone can! We had a great time and will do it again on our next trip to Vegas.
5	So Much FUN!!!  Went with a group of guys for a bachelor party and it was very easy for everyone to participate.  The instructor was awesome and so great with everyone.  The price wasn't bad at all considering I have jumped out of a real plane and it was a lot more money and time and anxiety!You get a good sensation of flying/falling without a person strapped to your back, and I think I'd like to start going more often to take advantage of a frequent flyer program so maybe I can get good enough to learn some tricks.Definitely a fun time and I reccomend it for groups or solo flyers alike!
5	This is the best thing ever...do it!! The instructors are funny and helpful..They do tricks with you while you are in the air which is really great...
4	This place is a lot of fun! They provide the training for beginners to give you a great experience and the time goes by real fast when you are having fun. This is cool for groups and it's cheaper if you plan on going as a regular flyer.
5	When we got to the location it didn't appear to be the newest or most eye catching. But we arrived for our flight time, watched the instructional video, then took flight with Josh as the instructor. It was so much fun!!! A one of a  kind experience for my wife and I. Had a blast!! Definitely try try this one while you're in Vegas!!
5	Request Levi as your instructor!!! He is AMAZING! He's got so much energy and has a great personality!!! We had a blast and wished we could have gone again right after our first session with him! This is a must do in Vegas!
2	I wish Las Vegas had a REAL indoor skydiving facility..  this one has a bad design and costs much more than the superior facilities in other states.You spend $85 for 3 minutes in the air.. most of the time you will be held onto or falling onto the metal net or running into your friends if it's your first time.  Tunnels outside of Vegas usually charge between $10 and $15 a minute.The design of the tunnel is very bad because it doesn't offer consistent airflow like most tunnels.  Most tunnels have glass around the whole thing and your friends enter through a small door when it is their turn.  The wind is very steady and even a first timer could possibly go off on their own and explore the whole 12-16 foot area and go up to 30 feet high.  The Las Vegas tunnel has seating around the airflow so when you go too high, the air gets weaker and can land on your friends or the padded seating area.I'm an experienced tunnel flyer so I wouldn't want to pay the ridiculous amount the Vegas tunnel is asking for a bad quality flight but I think most people could go and have a good bit of fun as long as money isn't an option.I would recommend buying more than just two minutes because it will be over before you can even think!  If you decide to go as far as 10 minutes, expect to be sore the next day in muscles you didn't know you had!  :)
5	Went here a while back and had a blast. Great instructors. Can't wait to go again. I recommend this if you like the real thing but are afraid of heights, lol
5	Great day indoors.  Our instructor, Rob, was great.  He was calm and patient and did a great job getting us all off the ground, we are flying in no time.  Yes it costs a little bit to get airborne but they do a great job ensuring you get great value by spending quality time getting you ready and providing a great instructor.  We'll be flying here again!
5	I have being going here for years and it has always been great,  but somehow they keep finding ways to make it even better!
5	FANTASTIC! Well worth the money, it was truly an experience of a lifetime! Staff were very kind and professional, taking into account my disabilities and still giving the whole group a great time! Would definitely recommend!
5	Great experience. So fun!!
5	Probably the best thing we did on our trip.The instructor was awesome as they get you ready for your 'flight'. And they genuinely seem to care about your health - they were really pushing one fellow who had previous spinal/shoulder injuries to NOT to proceed. The flight seemed too short but each of us got to float 3 times. It felt short because you are concentrating on not falling, which you totally don't need to because that's the instructors job.
4	probably the most fun thing I've done since moving here. At 1st I thought it was a bit pricey but w/the instructors & equip, and the overall rush I can't wait to go again.
5	Vegas Indoor Skydiving was an AMAZING time.  I'll be honest, I was quite skeptical about the cost and what appeared to be a small wind tunnel.  I was QUITE WRONG - it was one of the best things we did on our trip.  Katie, the instructor, was INCREDIBLE.  This was WORTH EVERY CENT!!! Even bought the video and pictures which, although seem high prices, were well worth it too to preserve this memorable event!!!
5	Amazing! Funnest thing I've ever ever done! Felt like a kid again. Definitely a bucket list kind of thing!
5	We had a group of four of us in this weekend. This was definitely our favorite thing we did! They entire staff is professional and SO fun. You feel very prepared and safe. I cannot recommend this enough! Levi was our instructor and he was absolutely fantastic. Definitely something different you need to add to your itenerary.
5	By far one of the best experiences I have had in Vegas! I have lived here my whole life and work in the tour and travel industry and customer service is important! From Brad checking us in to Chris Baker our instructor and all of the other people who worked there were AMAZING!!! I went with my whole family including my husband and our 3 children and I would highly suggest this to anyone looking for something fun to do!
5	Fun fun fun!!! Katie was so patient and fun. I'm a noob and couldn't wipe the smile off of my face for hours after we left. Highly recommend.
5	My mom wanted to take me to Vegas Indoor Skydiving for my birthday and I was pretty happy about that, but not ecstatic.  I thought it would be kinda cool, but it was infinitely better than I expected.  The staff is incredibly friendly and really make you feel welcome.  Tony was my instructor, along with five others in my groups.  Three or four at a time go into the wind tunnel and although the actual time flying is short, it was a blast.  I am very glad I went.Huge shoutout to Tony whose attitude was infectious.  He was very chill and excited so the entire group got excited too, and that encouraging energy made my experience better.  Thanks Tony!
5	Visiting Vegas with kids can be complicated because you have to keep them entertained, unless you want to add cranky, whiny kids to a hot, pricey vacation. We decided to have them try indoor skydiving and they had a blast! Their instructor was very attentive and professional. A memorable experience that will surely last a lifetime.
5	I have been to Vegas Indoor Skydiving several times now.  What a blast!!!  My first time I was a little skeptical on how much fun it would be.  But let me tell you, its GREAT FUN!  Doug was my instructor the first time an he is great.  I asked to be with him on my return visits now.  He is super nice and helpful. Being a local (ask for a local discount) and going a few times now I have gotten to interact with some of the other staff.  They are all friendly and cool.
5	We heard about Vegas Indoor Skydiving through Groupon.  At first we hesitated, because we thought it was expensive.  I'm so glad we decided to do it.  We took our kids and we all had a blast!!  So fun.  Definitely worth doing, a must-do if you're in Vegas.
5	Lets do it again!! There is a happy hour for locals too... So much fun!
5	Super Fun, just as everyone else described, thanks Tony!
5	Highly recommend this experience! Even if you are not into skydiving, the staff are super friendly, and are very helpful with giving pointers/tips on flying. 100% safe. For a cheap thrill! What more could you ask for. Totally worth every penny. So much FUN!!!
5	Excellent! A must do for anyone! Maybe would be best during cooler climate cause the fans blow the outside air but still a awesome experience!
4	I've gone multiple times and highly recommend this to anyone that goes to Vegas.My only criticism is that everyone's weight is listed on the sign in form after people check in so everyone can pretty much see everyone's weight that checked in prior. Also, during the instructional part, the instructor had the form face up in the middle of the room so, again, everyone's weight was on display.If you have no issues with your weight on display, then you'll be fine. For most of us gals, this is not a comfortable situation.
5	My son was turning 30th and he was afraid of the real deal (flying out of a plane) but this was so cool. He loved it and the instructor (so sorry I didn't get his name) was just the best.. If you have the time go, go, go......fun
5	First time here with my wife. What a great time. Instructors make sure you are comfortable and have a good time. No experience necessary. What a blast.
5	My 3 kids (12, 8, 5)  enjoyed this so much,  they wanted to do it again the next day and we took them back. Ask for the instructor Rob if you have kids, he treated my children like they were his own. When we returned for the 2nd flight, we had another instructor who was not the same. Kids still had fun though. It's a thrill and an experience being able to fly like a superhero, they wanted to do it again! When we return to Vegas, I guarantee we will be back!
5	YES ! YES ! YES !Fantastic thing to do with your mates or, in our case, the kids. Shocking to think that Thing 1 and Thing 2 are now 16, and Soccerballgirl is 9, but they are and this was one of the most fun things we did.Our instructor was Baker and he was fantastic - especially with Soccerballgirl as she was a bit scared. If I have one quibble it is that I think their weight scales are out of order :-)It caused great amusement to the Honey and the kids that ( unbeknownced to me) Baker blessed himself before he got me flying. One of the boys was able to ascend quite high, and Soccerballgirl really loved it.Totally, totally recommended.
5	Omg so much fun! Our instructor has been jumping for over 20 years and it really shows. We just did this for our anniversary and our was the perfect date. Can't wait to go again now that i get it.
5	Family and adult friendly. Safe clean and professional. A little pricey but for this type of activity its completely fair. Buy a second jump the day you go and jump another day at a low cost with no additional training time. We would go again. The longer and leaner you are the higher you fly. The shorter and thicker you carry your weight the lower you fly but you still fly. The weight restrictions are a suggestion not a rule.
5	My family and I stopped here on a whim during our vacation. It was an awesome time and a unique experience for sure. The staff was extremely friendly, and our instructor Lea was great! As far as the actual place goes, it is a little out of date and pricey. However, they do offer Groupon deals regularly so it isn't hard to find a cheaper rate. The 3 minute regular flight time may seem short to a bystander but in the actual skydiving simulator it feels a lot longer. I wouldn't recommend the 15 minute flight solely because the wind tunnel blows hot air and it becomes really hot very quickly. After the 3 minute flight I was sweating and felt that I had enough of an experience and didn't need more time. The whole experience takes approximately one hour and is definitely worth it! I would recommend this place to anyone looking for something fun, different, and out of the ordinary!
4	My boyfriend has gone skydiving but really wanted to do this so I took him for his birthday and we weren't disappointed.  Our instructor was thorough, the "training" was quick, the experience fun.  I am not certain I actually got 3 full minutes in the air but then (punn intended....) time flies when you're having fun.  I'd go back.  Watching the  instructors is almost as fun as actually participating, once experiencing it then realizing the effort it takes.  Definitely worth it.
5	The staff is very friendly, upbeat and above all very experienced. The anticipation before entering the wind tunnel is intense, but the instructors fully prepare participants of all the safety precautions and basic maneuvers to maximize the fun while being safe. It's a must try experience before you leave the excitement of Las Vegas and head back home.On a side note I've already experienced outdoor tandem skydiving and yet I was still anxious trying indoor skydiving.  However, I didn't need to be worried since the instructor is in full control and makes it super fun.  It makes me laugh that there are reviews of people complaining that the instructors are controlling the situation and preventing any serious injuries.  I bet these people also forget that they were tandem during actual outdoor skydiving so they didn't have a chance to just "figure it out" all by themselves.
5	We took the grand kids and they all wanted to go again!! The instructors are great! All the Staff has a "Share the Love" mentality.
5	Awesome experience ! Came here on my birthday and really enjoyed the instructor and the awesome vibe here :) everyone was really nice and make me feel comfortable...it's a little scary but they definitely made me feel at ease ! People should definitely make time to come try the indoor skydiving experience !!
5	This was the coolest experience !! Our trainer/instructor was awesome! A group of 5 of us attended during the bachelor party weekend out in vegas last weekend, and we definitely enjoyed every second of it! We booked easily thru LUCYVEGAS.COM Anyone should try this one, you wont regret it.
5	Great time. From the minute you walk in everyone is extremely nice & very helpful. Our instructor did a wonderful job and was patient. It was also nice to go in somewhere that didn't gouge you on the vending machine.  $1.00 is a very fair price for water & after being gouged at so many places it was one more reason to smile here.
5	Our instructor Bob was not only informative but made the experience fun and entertaining. He was patient with all the guests flying and made my cousin and I feel comfortable and at ease. Definitely worth visiting.
5	Amazing indoor skydiving!!! We had Zan the man is amazing!!! Seriously if you get the chance def go!! The entire crew ROCKS!!!I will def be back again and again!!!
5	Went here while our wives were at a work convention. Had a blast! The instructors are amazing! They let you go a number of times! Well worth the trip and $!! Highly recommend these folks! You wont be disappointed!!
5	This is a must when you go to Las Vegas!  My wife and I had a blast.  The instruction was exactly what you need to know to fly.  Very professional staff.  Pictures are a little pricey ($15 each), but we opted for the DVD ($25).  Well worth it.  Justin was our instructor.  He made the experience more exciting and more fun.  Next time we go to Vegas we will definitely do this again.
4	This review has been sitting in the chamber for quite awhile...but I've been in a rut lately.  This will go along with it's soon to be companion review at SkyDive Las Vegas.My buddies who were looking for a change of pace from the the boozing, partying, scoring, gambling, buffeting and uhhm other activities, decided to take my advice and try something different after everyone 'dried' out.  Well if 5 hours or so without drinking counts as drying out! We got a group rate and after u pay ur $$, sign the appropriate waivers and watch the dvd safety clip.....you're ready to go!!Jumbo airplane engine in the floor(or at least I think it is)...multiple cages above the engine to protect you in case you fall.  Spread those arms wide, bend those knees back and try to make yourself parallel/flat plane to the floor for maximum flight. I loved it!!Only two guys got sick after the fact... I completely loved this experience of simulated freefall and just further whetted my appetite for my actual first skydive jump. Walls with cushions will protect u if ur scared.
5	It was my first time skydiving, staff there were very polite and nice. I had really good time there. This indoor diving would be the reason that I come back and visit Les Vegas in the future.
4	Amazing experience! If you are in Vegas I would highly recommend this place. Fun, easy, and great for everyone! The staff is incredibly friendly too.
5	What a blast!!! I was worried about 45 minutes of preparatory videos and training before a 15 minute period in the wind tunnel, but I was NOT disappointed. Rob, our group's instructor, was kind, helpful, and very encouraging. You rock, Rob! You made our trip so fun! I'm sure that any other instructor would have been just as wonderful, as the entire staff was kind and relaxed! No age limit- as the staff knows how to make anyone soar, from tiny-tikes to my 53-year-old dad who got flying on his own within his second try! Pictures and a DVD of our session where available afterwards, and we can't wait to check out our whacky photos! This is a must visit in Vegas! Your reputation precedes you guys, y'all went above and beyond (pun very much intended)! Have a Happy New Year!
5	The only problem with this establishment is that it is too far from the Strip, however it is well worth the trip out there. You start off with a quick induction on what happens and how to try and control your flight. You then get a fully experienced instructor which assists you with "floating on air" as a massive hair dryer blows you through a big tube, performing tricks once you have mastered the art of balancing yourself. The instructors are absolutely awesome and have patience for even the most uncoordinated people like myself. Well worth the trip out here and much safer than jumping out of a perfectly safe & sound aeroplane.
5	The most fun you'll have on the Strip!We were looking for some adventure to balance out all the drinking and gaming, so we gave Vegas Indoor Skydiving a shot. My wife wanted to try it but gets nauseous in tight spaces so she bailed out, but I was all-in. So glad I did!Dave was our instructor, and he was amazing. He taught us all we needed to know so that we could maximize the experience, but he also made it fun and helped everyone feel relaxed. The whole thing was around an hour, and even though the actual flight time is only 3 minutes long it feels like longer and when you're done it's impossible to wipe the smile off your face. Definitely call to make a reservation, and consider allowing extra time afterwards since they offer a discount on a second flight (which I would have done if we had more time). I flew my first time and got great pictures to bring home (they even email you the pics so you can share them).I will DEFINITELY do it again next time.James M
