4	I spotted this place as we were having lunch at the new pizza place a couple doors down. Lil' Brown Sugars also just opened up a few days ago. It's cute little bakery/cafe.  Clean, brightly lit.  I was greeted by the nice lady behind the counter who thanked us for coming in and supporting local businesses and the young man who helped me today was friendly & helpful as well. There is a small variety of cupcakes and cake pops to choose from. You can also purchase them individually  and order some as well. They also have bagels and make sandwiches. One other customer was in there dining at their lil bistro table and commented how awesome the sandwiches were, but my tasted buds were set on havin' me some sugar!!  So my first visit I tried the Peanut Butter/Chocolate cupcake and Red Velvet cake pop.  The flavors of the peanut butter one were right on..the buttercream frosting flavor reminded me of a Reeses Peanut Butter Cup.  Cake was dense/moist and the ratio of frosting and cupcake was perfect..not too much, not too little.  There are some good combo of flavors to choose from.   I just dropped by and  I picked up a Strawberry Lemonade and Orange Dreamsicle cupcake and a Caramel/coconut /chocolate cake pop..just like GS Samoas cookies.   Cake pops are perfect size for me because they satisfy my sugar craving without sending me into sugar shock and they only set you back $1.60.
5	Gold Dust WomanDamn I really hate being THAT guy.  You know, the last on one the bandwagon...before everyone else has already jumped off because it's going down in flames.  Well, because of Lil Brown Sugar's Cupcakes, I officially jumped on board (feel free to exit the cabin at any time).Over the past 3 weeks, I've sampled probably a dozen flavors and all of them were absolutely spot on.  First of all, if you've read any of my reviews of cupcake places (if not, I will find you and tape your eyelids open), I don't like frosting.  Yeah, I'm odd like that, but my kids love that they get an extra dose of kiddy crack.  These are the only cupcakes where I absolutely cannot pass up the frosting.  They capture the essence of the flavor in the frosting, like how Jelly Belly does in a jelly bean.  Seriously!  Here's a rundown:1.  Key Lime - Hold your butt cheeks together otherwise you'll shit yourself.  The frosting tastes like a fluffy key lime pie.  Well, not "like" a key lime pie...EXACTLY like one.  I actually ate the frosting before the cupcake.  It so light and fluffy it feels like there aren't any calories, just angel dust.  The cupcake itself had a hint of lime, which was nice, but really, it was second fiddle to the frosting.2.  Butter Beer - I think this was butterscotch cake batter mixed with cream soda topped with butterscotch frosting.  I'm not a fan of butterscotch, but the flavors were so rich and flavorful.  The cake was a little too dense for my wife's taste, but exactly how I like it.  3.  Peanut Butter Cup - It was a chocolate cupcake with a Hershey Kiss baked inside, topped with peanut butter frosting.  I hate peanut butter, so this wasn't my cup of tea because it tasted exactly like a peanut butter cup (duh).  On the other hand, my wife and mother-in-law thought this was their favorite of all.4.  Strawberry Lemonade - One of my favorites.  The cupcake is a strong lemon flavor.  Not tart and not sweet.  Just easily identifiable as lemon.  The frosting was on the sweeter side, so I did scrape off about half, but it perfectly complemented the cupcake to the point where it really did taste like a mild strawberry lemonade.  5.  Orange Dreamsicle - Just like when Ego eats the ratatouille, my hanabata days memories of eating a Meadow Gold orange dreamsicle came rushing back.  This cupcake was like eating a fluffy one, and without the brain freeze.  Of all the flavors I've tried, this is the most subdued, yet highly addictive.6.  Chocolate Covered Strawberry - Exactly as described, a chocolate cupcake with strawberry frosting.  Not quite the most memorable, but not too shabby either.  The fact that the frosting is mixed with FRESH strawberries gets points from me.7.  S'mores - Dude.  Totally tastes like a s'more.  And nowhere near as sweet as a real one.  Chocolate (maybe it was Devil's Food) cupcake with marshmallow whip frosting, topped with crushed graham cracker.  My family still raves about this one.  8.  Thin Mint Cake Pop - When the lady behind the counter told me it tastes like a Thin Mint, she wasn't kidding.  Sans the snap of the cookie, this thing is choco-minty goodness.  Get two of these and you almost have a box of the real thing.  9.  Sugar Cookies - I buy these for my rug rats.  Haven't been able to taste them because they're usually gone.  I guess that means they're pretty good.10.  Red Velvet - Tastes like red velvet.  Although it is exactly as described, I would have to say this is the most boring flavor offered (this statement comes from a guy who LOVES red velvet.  I'm the guy who bought my wife a red velvet birthday cake because hell, if I like it, she better like it too (right?)).  I suggest you do yourself a favor and try anything else in the case.I would argue that these tasty nuggets don't contain brown sugar.  No, they must have been sprinkled with some gold dust because I'm ready to dig in with my silver spoon.
4	I was excited to finally try Lil Brown Sugar cupcakes after reading the reviews. My only disappointment was I did not go sooner that day! We arrived in the afternoon and the display case was pretty scarce. A lady greeted us (owner?) and explained that she had much of her supply sell out that morning. Of course, my first thought is "It must be good!" She still had some Red Velvets, Strawberry Lemonades, and one lonely Triple Chocolate Cupcake left. We request one of each, except the Red Velvet. Other items there were chocolate chip cookies, gooey bars, and brownies. How did the cupcakes taste? AMAZING! I can't remember the last cupcake that was as moist and tasteful. I'm one of those cupcake eaters who only like a tiny bit of frosting, however, this frosting was great. Not overly sweet and overpowering. She told us the Strawberry Lemonade was her most popular, and now I can see why. What was I thinking, just getting one?!?! I'll definitely be back to try her other flavors, including the red velvet. Even maybe for her gooey bar, which she let us sample.I highly recommend giving Lil Brown Sugar a visit next time you want an amazing cupcake :)
5	Finally, a cupcake bakery that not only lives up to the hype..they surpass it!  We've bought cupcakes there on three separate occasions and have tried most of the flavors.  The cake is moist and delicious, but the frosting is the star.  I know there's a lot of "hold the frosting" types out there...I like naked cake myself.  But not here.  Instead of tasting like a sugary blob, Lil' Brown Sugar's frosting is intensely flavored to compliment the cake.  My favs are the strawberry lemonade and the key lime cupcakes.  The frosting is so tangy and delicious, I split the frosting in half horizontally and do the same to the cake..then I have 2 short, but delicious cupcakes all for me.  The many chocolate offerings are just as good, but chocolate's not my thing, baby. (I know, I know) We got a cpl dozen for a party and everyone raved about the rich, chocolaty goodness while I guarded my Strawberry Lemonade cupcakes like a lioness guards her cubs.By the way...this shouldn't be an afterthought, but the service there is super friendly and the place is spotless.  Highly recommended!
4	Located 215/Gibson - Review from last week in June 2012Small shop in a strip center behind the Speedee mart. The shop is plain and very simple. They offer about 10 different cupcakes and I've been in a few times and they sure don't overstock. There's some of the same cupcakes each time but sometimes they don't have the ones I'm looking for. The good news is their cupcakes are extremely tasty and moist. Cake batter and cookie dough are fantastic and sweet.They also offer a couple different bars like peanut butter and lemon bars.We got a free cake pop with Yelp check in offer.The need to offer more items for sale and I see they added some bagels but I didn't try and wasn't getting the bagel feel.Great cupcakes and they offer 2 for 1 on day old. But don't cheat yourself, get the fresh ones and enjoy! Super cupcakes...I definitely recommend and will keep going here.
4	People here are super nice. They make very unique cupcakes. My only issue is that they put a lot of frosting on the cupcakes. We go back at least a few times a month.
4	I have been looking for really good cupcakes in Vegas for over a year now. I started watching way too much Cupcake Wars and have been looking for a place that will have cupcakes like the show. These cupcakes are the best I have found so far. I have only been there once and need to go back. We bought the key lime, peanut butter cup, red velvet and a chocolate cake pop. The key lime was amazing. I think it was my favorite. It has a very strong flavor. The peanut butter cup was good too. If you don't like chocolate then it is not for you. The red velvet was OK but not any better than any other place. We got the cake pop for my son who took a small bite and then stuck the whole thing in his mouth. I will be making more trips to the cafe to try some of the other flavors.
4	I think they've turn me into a Cake pop addict! Their chocolaty goodness has a nice balance of cake/frosting ratio.  Ideal for me since I cant go overboard on the sweets now.  The cupcakes are the star here though! Just looking at them made me ooh and ahh!..Too pretty to eat! Today I picked up Key Lime.  The cupcake sure lived up to it's name. The flavor of lime was strong throughout both the frosting and cupcake. Refreshingly light! Perfect served with my afternoon tea time!
4	I discovered this little gem when we were going to try the pizza place next door.  I walked in and immediately was greeted with a smile and a welcome. The clerk who was working gave me a few moments to browse their minimal selection (it was after 5, so not sure how much they have in their display throughout the day. Hubby and I settled on a Butter Beer (like butterscotch) Very Cherry and we also got the day old cupcakes (they were buy one get 1 free) that were plain vanilla with buttercream icing. We weren't expecting much but once we started eating our cupcakes (we shared) we both wanted more!! I love the simpleness of the cupcake without it being overpowered with sugar and other fake flavoring. To me,  the ones we chose had just enough flavor and we were pleased with our purchase!! About a week later I tried them again (wanted to see what flavors I could score with their buy one get one free) and I took home Chunky Monkey and Peanut Butter Blast. Once again, this cupcake shop did not disappoint me!! We also purchased a gooey butter bar and some kind of bar that had peanut butter and chocolate in it (like a brownie). Sadly, as of right now I'm trying to kick the sugar habit and probably won't frequent this place as much as I would  like to, but I will definitely be back when I'm ready to give in! I've tried several different cupcake shops and I will choose this place over others because I think the people that work here/own this place deserve to succeed. I give them 5 stars for customer service - something that seems lacking in so many other businesses.  Very pleasant, very sweet and proud of the products they are selling. So if you're in the Henderson area, this shop is off the corner of Gibson and the 215. Brand new to the area so give them some love!!
4	I noticed this place a few months ago, and today I decided to stop in. Let's just say my tummy is glad I did! I intended to only get one cupcake and my free cake pop for checking in, but all the different kinds looked so good, and the lady was so nice, that I decided to splurge and get two...next time I'll probably end up getting three! haha. In my opinion, the key to a good cupcake is the cake itself...if it's not moist, then it's not worth eating. I had the tres leches and smore's cupcakes, and both had very moist cake, and lots of frosting! I liked that each flavor had a little personality with the various toppings...they look good, and taste even better! My favorite thing, however, was the free cake pop. I could eat those all day! The one I had was chocolate cake dipped in chocolate and it was like a truffle in cake form...SO good! Next time you're craving something sweet, support this local business and get a cupcake + cake pop...you won't regret it!
5	After doing well on my exams this week, I decided I needed to reward myself, and Lil Brown Sugar's Cupcakes was where I ended up. I came here a few weeks ago for the first time, and liked the cupcakes that I got. I gave them 4 stars, but after my visit today, they've earned that 5th star. The service was just as good as the first time...friendly, attentive, and with a smile. The shop was clean, and the cupcakes were displayed nicely. The real reason, however, that I'm giving them that 5th star is for the cupcakes. They were even better today than I remembered them being the first time! The cupcakes I got this time were the Cake Batter and the Chocolate Covered Strawberry...and of course, I checked in and got the free cake pop! The Cake Batter was delicious. Not too sweet, lots of tasty frosting, and moist white cake...YUM! The Chocolate Covered Strawberry tasted exactly like the real thing. The chocolate cake was moist, the strawberry frosting tasted like it was made with fresh strawberries...the combination of the two together was perfect! Last, but not least, the cake pop that left me craving more last time...once again, it tasted like the most amazing chocolate truffle in cake form! It's a good thing I take a lot of exams because I see many more trips to Lil Brown Sugar's in my future...not that I need an excuse. If I could afford to go every day, I'd be waiting at their door for them to open! Whatever the reason, I highly recommend you check this spot out!Oh, and today I found out that you can give them your email or phone number, and they'll email/text you when they have new flavors out.
4	I met the owner of this store at a craft fair a couple of years ago. We were both selling greeting cards and our booths were next to each other. Instead of hatin', we decided to chat a little. She told me about a dream she had to open a cupcake cafe. I'm so happy that her dream came to fruition! I love the cupcakes and I hope the shop does well.
5	Outside of this place being a small 'mom and pop' type shop, which I am always in support of if it is good, this little cupcake cafe is delightful! I would recommend anyone to stop in and pick up a treat. Always friendly and alway good! So get out there folks and support this cupcake cafe so they don't go away.
5	The Ooey Gooey bars are super addicting.  Their cake pops are also wonderful.  You will find yourself craving these two things regularly!!!!
2	Maybe it was an off night, but we did not experience what others have been raving about. We went in about 5 o'clock and were met by a really nice gentleman at the counter. He was very helpful. We decided on 4 cupcakes... lemon, hot fudge sundae,  drumstick, and gingerbread. The lemon was the best of them all. The frosting was lemony and well balanced with the cake. As for the others the cake was dry and the frosting was somewhat gritty. The two chocolate based cakes tasted the same and the frosting alone created the differences between the two and the gingerbread frosting was pretty hard. I must say that the cake to frosting ratio had less to be desired... so little cake SOOOO much frosting. Pretty, but not so satisfying.
5	Taste explosion in my mouth!  I was looking for a cupcake joint in Henderson.  I have been to a few and haven't been terribly impressed.  I have purchased cupcakes for bday parties and such.  I like to make cupcakes at home.  My son thinks I should be on the Cupcake Wars, but I am not that serious with my cooking abilities.I was impressed by all the positive yelps and decided to treat my kids.  The small shop is in a strip mall with a yummy chinese food place.  So, I knew the area, but not gone into the store.When we arrived, the gentleman behind the counter was nice and knowledgeable.  There was approximately ten different options of cupcakes.  When I checked in on yelp, I got a free cake pop!  My daughter got the hot chocolate cupcake.  It had a couple of small marshmallows on top.  My son got the cake batter.  I got the caramel delight, which also had coconut.  WE also got two chocolate cake pops.  The total was less than $10.  Please note that there is a $.50 charge to use a credit card or debit card.  I let the kids eat the cake pops there and we saved the cupcakes for after dinner.  I don't know what I was expecting, but wow!~The frosting had a great consistency.  It wasn't too sweet, but perfect amount to compliment the rest of the toppings.  The cake part was so light and moist.  I didn't get to try my kids because they inhaled them.  Husband commented that the price of the cupcake was cheaper than going out for ice cream.  If they enjoy it as much, we will be back!
2	Hubby and I were in the area looking for a place to get breakfast/coffee one morning and came across this little cupcake cafe.  It's hard for me to pass up cupcakes at any time of day.  Pretty good service but a small assortment at this time of the day (or maybe they just offer a few select flavors every day?).  We noticed they were making fresh bagels so we each got a buttered bagel and opted for day-old cupcakes (don't judge; they were half the price!).  Holy highway robbery!  The bagels were really expensive!  The cupcakes were just OK, but maybe we would have been more "wow'd" if we had chosen the fresher ones.  The coffee was terrific.  The shop decor could use a little "sprucing up".  It didn't feel like a "cafe" to me as much as a store with a couple of tables.  I won't rush back but maybe if I have some room for cupcakes I'd try the freshly baked ones at some point.
5	I live in California so I put my trust in them to deliver cookies to my dad for his birthday.  They made sure to tell the receptionist to hand deliver them because he was unavailable they also texted me to let me know that it was delivered.  I am very pleased with their service.  My dad is LOVING his cookies.  Thank you for making his birthday special!
5	This place is hands down the BEST bakery in town.  Better than Layers, Freed's Bakery...all of them!  I live right across the street and I'm totally addicted already.
4	What a fantastic locally owned bakery!I was in the area to get a flat tire repaired, and who wouldn't want a little sugary treat if they were dealing with a flat tire? I was thrilled when I pulled in the plaza and saw Lil Brown Sugar's Cupcake Cafe just a few shops down from the tire shop. When I walked in the shop was empty other then a man who was sitting at a table helping his son with school work... Both jumped up eager to help me, the man introduced himself as the co-owner (his wife does the baking) and let me know that that if I was a Yelper, they had a check-in offer... Score!! He then proceeded to let me sample multiple flavors of the gooey bars while telling me about the different types of cupcakes. Even though it was after 5 in the afternoon there were still many flavors to choose from. I finally decided on a cake batter cupcake ($2.60) to go with my free chocolate cake pop, and a carton of milk ($1). Without even tasting the baked goods, I felt like Lil Brown Sugar's was at least a 3 star establishment. Sure, it's on the small side.. but the service was unbeatable. But who is going to go to a bakery and not taste the goods?! Not me, that's for sure. And everything I sampled was fantastic. I tried three types of gooeybars: red velvet, peanut butter and my favorite, lemon. I liked how they all had distinct flavors but it wasn't overpowering. The lemon was the perfect mixture of sweet and sour. The cake pop was probably the best I ever had. I am not a fan of the super moist cakepops that taste like there is frosting mixed into the cake. This was what I think a cakepop should be: A thin layer of chocolate frosting covering a round ball of not  too moist but not too dry cake. The cake batter cupcake was just like the cakepop... Not too moist but not too dry either, a little heavy on the frosting but not obscenely so. And it's a tasty frosting, the perfect consistency and not too sweet.If you are a cupcake fan, please do what you can to check out Lil Brown Sugar's Cupcake Cafe. This is one locally owned business that I really hope stays around for a long time.
5	I read a review here on Yelp and I was interested in trying them.  I live on the east side of town so it was across town to find.  I found it and was I happy.  The Gentleman behind the counter could not be nicer he explained how it was his wife who ran the shop who had to run out.  The selection of cupcakes for a Monday afternoon was impressive.  I ended up buying 4 and piece of the sugar cake square.  Everything was fresh, the store was small but very clean.  I even got the chocolate cake pop that was out of this world.  I gave it 5 stars because it was worth going too.
5	I've seen the sign posted on Gibson on my way home several times and thought another shop with overpriced goodies. Then I read the reviews and decided regardless of the price, I'm going to try a cupcake. I even bought a Yelp deal. I'm so glad I had gone! The shop is really small, cute and clean. When I walked in, I was greeted by the daughter. I then made my way over to choose my goodies, which was a little difficult because I wanted them all! I finally made my decision and went with Very Vanilla, Cake Batter, Key Lime, and Strawberry Shortcake. When I got home i cut each cake into 4 pieces so my family could try. The majority favorite was cake batter and strawberry shortcake.  My favorite was key lime. I'm not one for lime flavors, but the cupcake tasted really good! I was not expecting a such a pungent punch in my mouth. I usually eat the frosting then the cake. This definitely tastes good with both together. Strawberry Shortcake was good also. The frosting was not over bearing in way that it was too thick. The flavor and density were really good. It tasted like a strawberry puree which went very well with the cake. Cake Batter is always a favorite. I can eat cake batter for days if there wasn't such a risk. So eating cake flavored cake batter will have to do. It tastes just like cake batter and i think theres sprinkles or something in the frosting. Very good. Very Vanilla was my least favorite. It didn't taste like vanilla to me, but I still ate it. Frosting on the cake was very light.  My mom loves vanilla flavor, so she liked it. So my assumption of over priced goodies was wrong. The cupcakes are reasonably priced. When I bought mine, they were $2.60 each, which isn't bad at all. They also have cake pops (when you check in you get a free one). There are also bars like an ooey gooey bar that I'm going to try on my next visit.
4	I live in 'old' Henderson, which some people realize, the boutique style cupcake cafes are very scarce 'round these parts. I found this cafe by luck. I was meeting someone at the gas station in the same strip parking mall that this cafe is in. Imagine my delight when I saw CUPCAKES! Located on the edge of 'old' Henderson! My son tried a Cake Batter cupcake, I bought a Sundae themed cupcake, a cake pop, and a peanut butter cookie bar. It took me 5 minutes to get home, and the only item left when I pulled into my driveway was the peanut butter cookie bar. It probably would have been savagely eaten as well, but I was nice and bought it for my husband. Great tasting treats, friendly staff, and perfect location.
4	Very  cute place.! We tried it because we had a Yelp deal...and it happened to be my daughters birthday! Each of our children picked a cupcake. We also tried a cinnamon roll and a lemon bar. The lemon bars are really good. One of the cupcakes had strawberry icing and it was really good! I highly recommend.
4	Seems to be family owned and operated. The two women who work here are super nice. Not really much for studying or sitting down. I've tried the strawberry lemonade cupcake, and red velvet cupcakes. Both were good-but not amazing. Their cake pops on the other hand are to die for. Seriously amazing. And those are what keep me coming back week after week
1	Looking for a really good cupcake found this place on line store was cute and counter person was pleasant. Cupcakes were dry and to much stiff sugary frosting did not compliment the cup cake.  Save your almost 9 dollars for 4 of them they are the same as grocery store. Family must of reviewed this shop try one and see.
5	On my ongoing search for the best local bakeries in town, I came across the many positive reviews for Lil Brown Sugar's. Seeing that they were running a Yelp special of $7 for $10, I snatched up a voucher and proceeded to East Henderson at my first opportunity. The shop itself is nothing special, but the service was very friendly, and I loved that the owners (I think) 2 kids were there - 1 working the register and 1 doing his homework.  The cupcake selection was pretty good, with about 7-8 flavors available. They offered some of the standards: red velvet, cake batter, coconut, and a few more interesting flavors: cherry limeade, smores, drumstick, and a couple others I didn't ask about. I sampled the smores, cherry limeade, and strawberry shortcake, and they were all excellent. The flavors were spot-on for the names, the cake stayed moist until the next day, and the frosting was creamy. I loved the marshmallow frosting of the smore cupcake, but I did think the strawberry/limeade frostings were just a tad too sweet for my liking. No worry, I just scraped off a little of the extra.I also tried a couple of their other items - a gooey bar and a peanut butter bar. The gooey bar is kind of like a gooey cheesecake with a crust on top and bottom. It is extremely rich, and it took me 3 servings to finish it, but it's definitely good. The peanut butter bar was a chocolate chip cookie bar with peanut butter icing. I didn't realize the icing was peanut butter until they'd already bagged it for me (pb is not my fave), but the bar was still really good, even with the icing.On top of all that, they have an additional yelp deal - free cake pop with cupcake purchase. I've never been a huge fan of cake pops, so that item wasn't my favorite, but you pop lovers should like it.Bonus for reasonable prices - $2.60 for cupcakes and most items.
5	Tried the pumpkin bars everyone is raving about, and I totally get it now. I say this even as a non-pumpkin pie fan. Very cute shop, very good service. I hope more people catch on to this little hidden gem and support more small businesses!! Keep it up!! I will be ordering my bars for Thanksgiving and maybe a few more deliciousness I eyed.
4	Stopped in for a quick snack, there was a fresh tray of cinnamon rolls coming out of the oven.  Not only did they gladly sell us the warm rolls, but packaged them in such a way that we could take them on the go.This is a fantastic locally owned bakery which we can't wait to go back to again!
2	I really wanted to love this bakery because it is literally in walking distance of my home. Unfortunately that was not the case. I needed to order a birthday cake for my son and we decided we wanted to go above and beyond this year. I talked to this bakery, I forget her name, and she was super sweet and nice and we talked about what I was looking for. Well there was some issues with coverage and making the cake for when I needed, which I totally understand, but it was 5 days after I  wanted to order so it was enough time to figure out. Well it took days to get a straight answer if they could do it or not and I had left the topper there. I had to constantly call to find out if I needed to go elsewhere and didn't get a straight answer until 2 days before. I went in to pay ahead of time so that she didn't have to worry about it and confirmed what I was looking for and told her how important this cake was. She assured me that the lady decorating would be great with the design as she deals with kids my son's age. So I put my trust in them. Well I picked up the cake and it was suppose to be a sheet cake and it was round. I was a little annoyed that it wasn't what was said but that wasn't a big deal. The design is what upset me. It was as basic could be (something I easily could have done or u could walk into walmart and not even order and just pick up something that looked like it.) the figures were just placed on top and that was it. After all that I was soooo disappointed. The girl who took my order was not there as she was out of town. The woman who handed it to me did call her to let her know I was disappointed and I talked to her on the phone. Nothing in that call was resolved. I was told that she would get in touch with me when she was back in town. Well it's been a couple weeks and I never heard anything. On a side note the taste of the cake was not very good either. I wish I would have just made it myself. I'm truly saddened that this wasn't a good experience at all.
5	What a cute hidden little gem off of Gibson and HWY 215!!!!  They have the tastiest cupcakes, my personal favorite is the strawberry lemonade.  It tastes so refreshing and not too sour.  Another one of my personal favorites is the chocolate cakepop they make there, it just melts in your mouth...it is amazingly good!!  I would highly suggest you go check it out if you haven't - they have AMAZING goodies here!!
5	I stopped by this place on my way home from work. (my sweet tooth in overdrive) and this was just what the doctor ordered! I had the pumpkin gooey bar. It was incredible! Then I decided to give their cake pops a try, even though I don't like a majority of the cake pops I have tried, they just look so good! And these ones are soooo good! So now that I know it wasn't a fluke that they were good that first time I felt it was time for a educated review, even though my research is on going, (lol) nice place good service, just a general good vibe! Definitely a family business. I'm one that wants to support the little guy or gal! =) They may not stay little for long once people catch on! It's worth your time!
5	I can not tell you how many times we have stopped by this shop for our sweet treats!  There is something for everyone in the family there.  My personal favorites have been the amazing cinnamon rolls, right out of the oven..oh my gosh... and the gooey bars! (Lemon or the pumpkin will work for me!)  But when it comes to my 3 boys and husband, the cupcakes and the cake pops are it!  There is so much to choose from and they are ALL delicious :)  I love that it is a family/locally owned and operated business.  Cant go wrong with trying out lil brown sugars!!
5	Really great bakery.  The cranberry bliss bars are to die for!  Lemon's are fabulous too.  Every cupcake I've tried has been really fabulous.  Totally recommend it :)
2	I stopped because of all the positive reviews. I bought 6 cupcakes to try.  Was not really impressed with any of them... Too much frosting!  Red velvet was dry. Confetti was the only one we finished.
3	Cupcakes were ok, but the thing that I really liked were the red velvet gooey bars. They have other flavors too for the gooey bars. Price is very reasonable. We did go there at night so everything probably tastes better in the morning.
5	I used this bakery for a special idea I had for my sisters shower. Not only did the silhouette cookies I requested look AMAZING, they also tasted delicious! I have tried the cupcakes before and they look and taste great! I would definitely reccomend this bakery to anyone. Angela and her staff are not only professional and friendly, they are capable of making just about anything! Thanks again to them for making my sisters bridal shower even more special!
4	I always pick up cupcakes or cake pops here when I'm going to someone's house or a birthday and I need something to bring. The cake pops are super moist and delicious, and I like that the cupcakes aren't overly sweet. The last time I was in, a really cute little girl was doing her homework at a table and was super eager to help me pick out her favorite cupcake and check out while her mom (?) supervised. The prices are a tad steep for the size of cupcake that you get - you can easily get a much larger, also delicious cupcake at Sprinkles (now open!) for the same price. These are good, though, and near my house, and I am happy to pay a little extra to support a local business... also, it is fun when people ask me where I got the awesome cupcakes, to reply, "behind the gas station...."
5	This is little strip mall is dangerous to the waistline... there is Bistro pizza and a great cupcake place right next door.  The owners are super nice and down to earth and generous. The cupcakes and gooey bars are awesome. She also makes breads and cake pops, They ran out of pumpkin when we were last there. ( Someday!!!! :) Nice homemade taste. Nothing tastes like it came from a box, it tastes as if someone had been working very hard to please your taste buds. The efforts pay off, never been disappointed. Cute little place with a family friendly touch, some artsy fun gift items and aprons for sale too. Worth the trip, worthy of the treat.
5	Such a wonderful place! I stopped by yesterday in between clients and the sign said they were opening late today. I waited around and was glad I did. The owner and his wife were so nice. They got there a little after 1pm, so to thank me for waiting, they gave me a free cake pop (which was probably the most delicious thing I have ever consumed) and free samples of several other bars, which were equally tasty. I bought three cupcakes and wish I bought more. Wow... Were they good! The strawberry one was delicious! The prices are reasonable, too, about average for the cupcake shops around here.  The shop is small and in a strip mall. There are vacant shops around it, so I actually thought they were out of business or moved or something... So don't let the outside fool you.I ended up talking to the owner for quite some time and he was so extremely humble and kind. His wife is an amazing baker and I am so glad I stopped by to give this place a try! I am definitely coming back and bringing my kids! Awesome place!
5	So delicious. I'm totally a sweets addict. Tried so many of their options and still can't find one I dislike even a little. Drumstick cupcake is by far my fave!!!! Worth every penny and glad to have them so close to home. If you have a chance definitely give this place a chance.
4	These are THE BEST CAKE POPS you will ever have. I love that this place is here!!
5	I came here for a dozen of cupcakes late one day. The location is a bit hidden but once you find it and go in it has a great family ambience. The whole family was there and a young lady was there to greet me and answer any questions I had. The selection was low but only because I went in late. Luckily they had a dozen of cupcakes ready that were "a day old" I didn't mind if they weren't fresh out of the oven. I got key lime, drumstick, cookie dough and one Cookie Monster cupcake compliments of the young lady and her dad working there. These cupcakes were off the chain. They looked as good as they tasted. The gentleman working there also told me how his wife makes everything from scratch and that they were low at that time because they ran out of ingredients. (She was getting more) understandable. Another plus... My aunt and I were able to sample our favorite flavors and some cheesecake gooey bars! So moist and creamy. I'll definitely be going here for my any of my sweet tooth needs.
5	The best cupcakes in Henderson! Consistently moist and fresh! I don't usually like frosting, but theirs is always yummy! I also love their gooey bars (chocolate, vanilla, and pumpkin are my favorites). The owner and her family are always friendly! Love this place!!!
4	I am a sweets connoisseur. I love all things baked. So I though I would check out this hidden gem on the advice of other Yelpers!A small bakery located in Henderson, and I think it is one of Henderson's most well-hidden secrets. The staff was friendly and helpful, available to answer questions if needed. The manager, who was baking in the back, came out to answer a question of mine when the front counter assistant wasn't sure.I chose a chocolate cupcake, a gooey bar, and a cake pop (which was a free bonus when I checked in). I didn't want to go overboard, just in case I didn't appreciate the flavor of something. A cupcake is $2.80, and a dozen cupcakes is priced at $28.00, which is reasonable considering some of the cupcake competition charges upwards of $45.00 for a dozen cupcakes that aren't even half as good. I brought my goodies home and was pleasantly surprised. The gooey bar was sweet and tasted amazing. The top and bottom of the bar was crispy and buttery, while the center of the bar was moist and delicious. The chocolate cupcake was absolutely amazing. I have a love/hate relationship with frosting and this frosting was the best by far, including competition such as Gigi's and the Cupcakery. The cake pop, well, my 2 year old inhaled it before I got a chance to try it... But I can bet it was just as good as it looked! I would highly suggest supporting this small local business. The entire experience is a positive one. This place is awesome!
5	This place is fantastic!  My husband and I stopped by around noon on a Saturday.  It is a small shop, and we were greeted immediately as we walked in.  We decided to get a cake batter cupcake, drumstick cupcake, chocolate cake pop, and a gooey bar.  The cupcakes were great and very flavorful.  I found the balance between amount of frosting and cake to be perfect.  The cake pop was so moist, it was amazing.  The gooey bar was like biting into a piece of heaven.  Before we left we had to buy another cake pop and gooey bar, aloge with the chocolate chip cookie gooey bar.  It was all so good and with pricing lower than expected, I plan on visiting here often!
5	Loved my baby shower cake, cant wait to see my sons first birthday smash cake! Your the best!
5	OMG- ridiculously amazing! I have tried a variety of cupcakes that are way over priced but does not taste as good as the ones that I have tried today. The staff is friendly and were very accommodating to my needs. I sent an email at 8:00 am to place an order for a variety of different cupcakes and I was able to pick them up at 1115 am. If you like pumpkin, they have a delicious pumpkin cheesecake cupcake that tastes like heaven. I will definitely be ordering from here again.
5	This is the second time I have wandered into Lil Brown Sugars Cupcake Cafe. It was around 7pm when my husband and I walked in. When we asked the owner what time she closed, she said 6pm, but she's working late tonight cause they are super busy. I thought it was very nice of her to still take care of us in the midst of her baking extravaganza she was up to in the kitchen. We picked up a box of 4 Day old cupcakes: 2 pumpkin cupcakes, a strawberry shortcake, and an orange creamscicle were included in the box.These lil cupcakes are FANTASTIC! Moist, flavorful, and not too sweet! Delicious! Great service every time!
5	Great customer service from Angela and I love there cup cakes. Local business kick butt!
5	Absolutely love it here, I'm a regular and I've developed a few favorites. My favorite right now is the peanut butter bar which is really popular already! The people here are nice and welcoming and I've become friends with the staff. I recommend this place to everyone and I would like to add that I'm a very picky eater when it comes to pastries and I've found the perfect place! By the way they also do delivery and custom orders. :)
5	I know this is a cupcake shop, and while I often crave some of these delicious cupcakes, I love the sugar cookies! They are so yummy, perfect softness, the frosting isn't too over powering and always artfully piped onto the top of the cookie. This business is family run and I love the vibe in this place. The owner Angela is so sweet and helpful when planning and ordering cakes, cupcakes or cookies for special events.
5	Went to L'il Brown Sugars and in addition to the wonderful cupcakes, cookies and gooey bars, they now have the most beautiful decorated sugar cookies!  They are delicious and I would highly recommend them for any occasion you may have!
5	Family run bakery and the owner is as sweet as what she bakes.  EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE!! The cupcakes were beautiful and tasted DELICIOUS!  Now they also have perfectly decorated sugar cookies.  I will definitely stop in again!!
5	Delicious !!!!!!! Delicious !!! Best desserts /cupcakes I've had here in Nevada !!! The cupcakes are soooo good you could tell they are made fresh daily and made with fresh ingredients , I had the strawberry shortcake cupcake and wow it was like a bite in heaven !! You could taste the fresh strawberries the frosting wasn't too heavy and not too light it was perfect !! The gooey bars were super good too they are a mixture of many flavors!!! It's a nice little family owned shop I had the pleasure of meeting one of the owners and he was extremely nice you could tell him and his family really take pride in their business I will definitely be stopping again !!!
