5	Easily the greatest bar in Phoenix, the Bikini has more moods than any other place I've been to.  Up for a quiet drink on a Tuesday evening?  The big booths, cheap drinks and incredible jukebox will keep you happy.  Want a completely packed place with an eclectic crowd?  Go to the Bikini on a First Friday.  I've never seen a place where a more diverse crowd gathers to have a good time quite like the Bikini.  Gangsters, hipsters, drunks, yuppies...everyone is there and is seduced by the strong drinks and the miniscule dent it makes on your wallet.  $3 for a small pitcher of PBR?  $3.50 for a White Russian?  One of my favorite places of all time.
4	Urban hipsters, truckers, tiki lovers, and homos rejoice - you have your place, Bikini Lounge.Is it bad that I love Bikini, but that the drinks suck and are totally weak - or are they strong - and am I just becoming more of an alky?  Don't answer.  That is neither here nor there.  I've noticed the weak drinks the past several times have gone, and was hoping it was a phase, but no - it looks like a pattern, folks.  Be warned. Or one option could be to just forgo the liquor and go with cheap pitchers of PBR.However, the atmosphere, jukebox selection, diverse crowd, and "Phoenix institution" status are enough to warrant a 5 star rating, but the weak drinks are a drag.
5	The bar is a solid 4- 4 1/2 stars. Gotta love how everyone can just fit right in no matter what their outfit.  As long as you're willing to have a good time Bikini is willing to welcome you.  An absolute 2 extra stars for their DJ!  When we went on Friday, we were jamming to some awesome old school, 80's metal power ballads, blues, independent "chic" music and some imported editions.  All of this together blended perfectly to create the perfect background music - as diverse as it's clientele.  We went up to ask the artists behind a few of the songs because they were so good and he was more than willing to share information.  It was awesome how passionate he was about the music. I'm almost tempted to take away a half star for the drinks.  My friend got a Long Island that cost $6 and came in a super skinny glass with tons of ice.  She said it wasn't super weak or too strong, but it was too small for that price.  I told her they must be "Scottsdale" charging for the mixed drinks to make up for the cheap beer I'd heard about - and saw on everyone else's table.  Parking is a super pain - especially in this time of super construction  and/or if there is an event at Trunk Space.  Be prepared to be creative or do some walking.  It's worth the effort.
5	I'm biased. I love this place. I enjoy live music and like to live vicariously through artists. You'll find plenty of them here. This is the definition of a dive bar. Ridiculously cheap drinks. If you spend more than $20 for the night, you're drunk. Regulars and hipsters hang out and everyone gets along famously. Strange tiki bar theme. Bartendresses that will scream at you if you piss them off and a place where at last call everyone scampers up to get that last drink. Great jukebox and even better DJ on the weekends. The owner is always there and super cool person. It looks like crap on the outside, but at midnight it's packed. You'll likely be standing. Oh and bring cash. They take no plastic and the damn ATM so often never works that it's a running joke.
5	Monday nights are the nights to go. The pool is free and the owner orders a couple pizzas and some wings to share with her patrons.
4	I LOVE this place. I think it's because it's the first bar I visited in Downtown Phoenix. I lived in Tempe/Scottsdale for 7 years and never set foot in a Phoenix based watering hole.  I went to places like Axis Radius and Dos Gringos. I didn't even know places like Bikini existed in Arizona.The first time I visited Bikini Lounge it was hot and crowded. I think it was on a First Friday but it was back in the day when like. nobody went to art walk. (Circa 2003/2004). Anyway, within my first few minutes in the bar the bartender yelled at me for ordering a drink that wasn't on the menu, I was accosted by a crazy psychic and a tranny hooker stole my cigarettes. I think someone also tried to light my coat on fire. So basically it was awesome. By the end of the night I was drinking cheap beer straight out of the pitcher and dancing in a conga line behind the bar. A year later I moved to Phoenix and Bikini was the first place I went to celebrate.
5	My first experience with The Bikini was after a shoot in PHX. The crew rattled on for an hour about The Bikini and we all finally went. I'm Glad. This is one of those places that I've heard alot about and couldn't wait to stop and have a brew. It did not disappoint either. It is the, umm, hipster, artfag, freaks and geeks place? If your clothes rarely match by accident or design, this is your place. A typical dive bar with some great local art adorning the walls, kickass jukebox and a pool table. Now that I've also finally been to First Friday, it seems the two go hand in hand. I love when I get to go there. It's not in my regular bar list, but only because I'm in TempE and hate to drive, let alone drink and drive.
4	A dive bar without shuffleboard doesn't deserve 5 stars.But the bikini is good times as long as its not too crowded and doesn't have a DJ. I don't understand the people here who like a DJ at a dive, seems so wrong to me.They also have serious problems keeping their mixers carbonated. I've been served more flat G&Ts here then at every other bar I've ever been to combined. So I stick to the PBR.But I've got a lot of good memories from this place. Mostly when they stay open past legal hours. No better way to prepare yourself for family time at a Thanksgiving feast then to get completely trashed until 3am at a dive the night before.
5	First things first, to the reviewers who complain about weak drinks and stiff prices, you're probably not a regular. The Bikini is a place where everyone's welcome, but the locals get taken care of. I used to bounce and DJ there, and it's a neighborhood bar in Central Phoenix, so of course the clientele is eclectic.  Let's just say i spilled my share of booze & blood in that place, and it's got the most awesomely small dancefloor to shake away the blues when it gets crackin.  There's just one rule at the Bikini, be cool or go somewhere else, because odds are there might be someone there who's not gonna take that shit, and the later the hours go, the more colorful it gets.  Wesley and Dawn are two of the best bartenders you could ever want, and they've been serving booze in that neighborhood before you knew Phoenix existed.  Lastly, the little old caballero (spanish for cowboy), his name's Jose, and if you're gonna shoot some stick on that table, be warned, he's a shark.  Cheers.
4	So we found this place out of the tiki road trip book and when we landed n Phoenix we were on a mission: We were determined to go to the BIKINI LOUNGE.We arrived in Phoenix on a First Friday. As a Los Angeles native i was unfamiliar with this event so when we arrived to a rather bustling tiki bar, Bri and I congratulated ourselves on finding what looked like the place to be.I ordered my litmus test of drinks (gin and tonic) and ordered a malibu coke for my man. They were well mixed and only 4.50 a piece. Niiiiiice. I'm used to paying for 10 dollar drinks at the tiki ti.The locals were nice to us too....letting us sit with them and answering our many urgent questions about Phoenix. Pretty good vibes here I'd come again and regularize myself if I lived in the area.Good job Phoenix.
4	Are you a fan of retro surf garb and ass-kicking roller derby  chicks...oh and, PBR? Then you will love Bikini Lounge. I have to say..I like this bar, I really do. Should one expect a faint tinge of urine when first walking through the doors of a dive bar? Perhaps the aroma is added in case you weren't sure you were on 15th Ave and Grand and you have yet to notice the sticky floor. I'm not even complaining...if I wanted class and high dollar booze, I wouldnt go. I like to chill, and have some drinks that are so strong it burns my nose all while taking in the delightful mix of phoenix's weirdest and coolest parade through the door.
4	The Bikini during First Friday is a blast, hands down - probably the best place to hang out in Phoenix. A mish-mash of characters drink and chat merrily together without pretense...well, except for maybe the fake messengers outside track standing and riding in circles.At any rate, the drinks are stiff, the music is loud, and the decor is simply awesome.  I only fault it for being on the far end of the monthly festivities which essentially necessitates a car ride.
4	Quintessential dive with pitchers of PBR and Photo Hunt.  This is the kind of place that should just be exempt from the smoking ban, the abundance of quality breathable air almost detracts from the aura.  And though I loved the fact we were able to queue up a bunch of early 90's dance hits on the jukebox, that in and of itself is kind of weird for a dive.   I'm sitting at 3.5 stars for now and rounding up.  I don't think this is the best dive bar ever (I've been to better in other cities), its good for sure and definitely better than Shady's, but until I'm able to confirm if they serve pitchers of Kamikazes I can't give it "best ever" status.
3	I hate using this lazy phrase, but the Bikini is the quintessential "It is what it is" bar.  So, what is it?  Hit or Miss.I've had great times here ... other times completely bored and forced.First of all, my major complaint is the NO CARD policy.  Fine, i can respect that, though like everyone else under 35, rarely carry cash ... but dammit, can you make sure that your crappy ATM works?  So, the PBR is cheap and drinking a pitcher of it is fun.  I wouldn't touch a mixed drink here.  Their juke box is pretty ace, but alas, good luck getting a play on it.  Not likely if you're just passing through. So what is the distinguishing factor for the hit/miss aspect?  Come to think of it, the great times that i've had here have all come towards the end of the night.  That is to say, I like going here for about an hour before last call.  Its a complete mess in there and everyone's rushing to get that last pitcher in and the vibe is festive and chaotic and generally exciting.  Any earlier and I'm regretting coming all the way to the edge of the valley, which in my own mind, ends at Bikini Lounge.
5	This cool, swanky, text book definition of hole-in-the-wall bar is the best.The oldest bar interior in Phoenix, it has the original 1950-something Tiki interior. It is dark and cozy, but not stuffy.The patrons are a mixed bunch, local grubby older guys who ride their bikes there, local business people who know what is hip, rockabilly, punk rock, hippies, young, old, Mexican, American, you get the idea, it is an eclectic mix.The pool table is always being used, the bar nearly always full, but you can usually find a stool and a table or sit at one of the booths.The two bartenders are a little rough around the edges, but both women are real sweethearts. And the prices are lower than anywhere except home. But you won't get the cool Tiki interior or great people watching there.I like in a neighborhood close to the Bikini, so we frequently take a walk over for some drinks. The Bikini is always a good time. I recommend it if for nothing else, the experience and the nostalgia. Not much of what Phoenix was before the strip malls and subdivisions, so it is nice to have this little piece of history still going strong (quietly, but strong).The one thing I would recommend against is going on First Friday, unless you plan on getting there early, the place gets packed. Really packed.
2	This bar is a dirty, hole-in-the-wall, jacked up tiki bar that smells kind of funky. It used to be a favorite of mine because you could smoke inside. Now that you can't, it's lost a lot of its appeal. It's cash only, the atm's usually broken, and the ladies bathroom is... well... BUT (yes, there is a but) the drinks are always strong and cheap. It's also really good for people watching on a Friday night.
5	Considering the lack of dive bars left in downtown Phoenix, the Bikini gets 5 stars, otherwise it would get 4.We started going there about 6 years ago when we lived in the FQ Story district.  We love dive bars, and the best time to go is during the week or on a Sunday afternoon if you really want to get a feel for the typical clientele.  I love the wackiness of this place and believe it or not, they have cleaned up the place a bit.This was the very first bar that anyone ever bought us a drink for no reason.  The owner was hanging out with her CSI buddies and her boyfriend brought us over two beers.  In Buffalo, regulars and bartenders often buy drinks for other clientele, but we had not yet experienced this in Phoenix.  This man renewed our faith in bar etiquette.More recently, we spent NYE here and even though I was the designated driver, I had a great time.  We walked in and before my cohort could decide what they wanted to drink, we noticed that a gentleman had left his dentures in his hat on the bar while he was about 10 feet away playing video crack.  Where else does this happen but the Bikini?Later, my husband was outside smoking and some guy with no shoes came up to him to ask "Are you down for whatever?"  Again, where else would this happen?And, we managed to entertain ourselves throughout the night by sending boys into the restroom to purchase postage stamp sized porn from the porn and wierd condom machine. Hilarious.  Then the bar owner started handing out fringed squakers, hats and noise makers at about 11, which meant that for an hour people were making tons of noise.  I had a blast.
5	"It's the Tiki, Tiki, Tiki, Tiki, Tiki ROOM. It's the Tiki, Tiki, Tiki, Tiki, Tiki ROOM."I love how people complain about it being tacky, dirty and whatnot. For fuck's sake, it's the epitome of a DIVE. Dives are supposed to be that way! Remember: they are dark so that you can't see the 'roaches.I love this place! It's up there on the Top 3 Dives. I mean: kitsch decoration, missing toof women bartenders, great music, cheap strong drinks and PBR served in a pitcher -yes, you must drink it out of the pitcher- for $3. I MEAN, what more can you ask for?Not sure if it's still the case, but Tuesdays are great. It's pants off, dance off time!
5	Do you like trendy shit-music and half dressed plastic surgery queens gyrating all around you, while you pay twelve dollars for your appletini? If your answer is yes, don't bother coming here. Dive bars are plentiful in Phoenix, but the Bikini is in my 'hood. It's a dirty, unassuming place, with a couple of no-nonsense bartenders and a good jukebox. There are a couple of rules to follow when visiting the Bikini: 1. Bring cash. Cards aren't accepted, the atm machine is there for decoration only, as it hasn't worked in at least two years. 2. Don't make fun of the guy in the overalls and farmer hat. He's my neighbor. 3. Don't piss off the bartenders. Tip them well, treat them nicely, and don't order more than three dirty martinis. If you are nice to them, they will be nice to you. This includes, but is not limited to: the strength of your drinks, the price of your drinks, and whether or not you get a drink at all. They take no shit. If you can't handle it, stay away. The place gets crowded enough as it is.
4	I went here for the first time on First Fridays, yeah so what.  I promise that I won't hang out here all the time and ruin it for all you true Bikini lovers.   My mini pitcher was $3.50 and then 5 minutes later a chick walked up and got charged $6.00 for two mini pitchers, hmmm, male discrimination or they can't do simple math?  I'll only go back when it's 110 outside and want to put a buzz on early in the afternoon.
5	5 stars for bein the only bar in Phoenix where I was first scared to order a drink. but- thats why I love this place. That, and its near the Trunk Space.
5	Best Dive Bar in Phoenix!  That's all I have to say!But since everyone knows I always have much much much more to say....This bar has the best juke box, the bouncer on the weekends is the former commercial stunt double for Charles Barkley, they make me free(!)  Shirley Temples when I'm the DD or just not in the mood to drink.My night never ends with this bar, we always seem to meet new people and end up at some random house party afterwards.  I always know people in the bar too, which is nice!  So if I don't know where anyone is, I'll just head to the Bikini Lounge and find someone to hang out with!One night these two guys who just got out of jail were there, it was a slow weeknight and we befriended them.  They told us stories for hours.  I never wanted to go jail before, but after their stories I definitely never ever want to go to jail.
3	The Bikini ain't bad. It ain't great, either, but what do you want in Phoenix?Kudos to the Bikini for participating in the Idiotarod each year, and for providing cheap strong drinks to anyone lookin' to throw back a few.The juke box here is awesome, and the bartenders don't mess around. Extra points for being next to Trunk Space, so you can get a drink before or after a show.
2	I have been here - numerous times. I don't like it. I have quite a few friends who dig this place and are always trying to get me to meet them there... fuck. I don't wanna... ever. It's not that it's scary or anything - I feel pretty comfortable here usually. It's just that there's always something horribly stinky here - either inside or outside... It's either some person inside who hasn't washed - like ever, or it's like a broken sewage fermentation tank valve or something near the dirt lot you can sometimes park in. That's another thing - I'm pretty paranoid and OCD anyway, so leaving my car behind to go inside here means I'll just be thinking about people smashing the windows and stealing the radio or something all night instead of enjoying myself. I kinda feel about this place like I feel about the Rogue, except I don't hate it quite as much. Unless you're a regular here, you'll probably feel like you don't belong. It's somewhat of an "in-crowd" kind of place where being "out" is "in"... I don't know. I guess it's easy for me not to go here since it's kinda far. I hope when I do go there sometimes, they don't read this and decide to spit in my drink or put it in a glass they used to trap roaches until they died.
4	I happen to LOVE the Bikini!  Went here the other night after my gig.  It was pretty empty (Wednesday night) UNTIL 11:30 when the place got a crowd.  I was wondering "Who the heck goes out this late on a Wednesday night?"You know it's becoming something more popular when the parking lot is filled with Audis and Beemers.  The bartender lady was a peach!  I like the high-top tables.  Kind of retro-metal and they were clean.  You'd notice if they were dirty because of the sheen.  The booth we were in was HUGE and really comfy.  The jukebox is pretty good, though they didn't have the Pantera I was looking for.  I don't think that's a Bikini fault, though.I like the mixed crowd.  It reminds me of the old Jugheads.  All walks of life and really nice people to talk to.  When I can go up to a stranger at a bar and shoot the shit for a moment, it's a cool place.Yeah, it may be a little stinky, but it's a DIVE BAR.
2	Things that might happen at Bikini Lounge:You might watch your friends dance with a bum in front of the juke box.You might drink far too many pitchers of PBR.You might throw a fit when you realize it is cash only.The Bikini Lounge is quite possibly the crappiest place known to man. I mean it's in a shitty neighborhood where you might die, doesn't take credit cards, and has only bags of chips for food. So why do I keep going back? because eventful things happen here. Don't go if you want to have a quiet night with a couple of friends and go home and go to bed. Go here if you want to show up to a bar full of low lifes, order pitchers of PBR until you and your friends are all sick, then go outside and forget where you are and turn left down Grand Avenue only to find out you are nowhere near home when you get to the burned down church on 5th ave and monroe and a bum asks you for money. After that, you'll get in a bike taxi/rikshaw and tell the guy you can only pay him in cigarettes and then when he agrees, have him take you to another bar, instead of home, and then you will be further than you were to begin with. When you finally do get home thanks to a caring homeless guy that actually does have money (you find this out because he has a car) and gives you a ride home. You wake up the next morning wondering why all of your cash is gone, how much you drank, and where your friends are.If THAT is the kind of night you are looking for, Bikini Lounge is IT!
5	I give it high marks.    An outstanding dive bar.   I spent a weeks vacation there in December of 04.  I have fond memories of this place and the rugged female bartender.    If the Phillies play the Diamondbacks in the playoffs which is very possible I will make my gallant return!
3	I was voted "hottest girl in the room" here last Saturday night. No joke. A whole table of guys, after LENGTHY staring, made it known to my friend while I used the pisser. I'm not bragging. It was actually true.This is, perhaps, the worst condemnation you can give the Bikini. It does have some good sides. It's dirt fucking cheap, the booths are comfy and the music's usually decent. And don't listen to what anyone tells you -- it's not scary, inside or out. But if you're looking for pretty people, I might head elsewhere. Anywhere.Otherwise, this is the best you're gonna do.
5	Hey what can I say its the dive bar of dive bars. One minute you can have a bum drinking out of a pitcher cussing his buddy and the next you can watch the hipsters talk about their day. they have cheap beer and strong drinks. Dont forget the awesome tiki style
2	I like the hole-in-the-wall bar feel, but this place was a little too intense for me.  Plus, it's not in the greatest of neighborhoods.  Honestly, I would recommend going somewhere else.
4	The Bikini Lounge is a terrific dive bar, attracting mostly hipsters, bar-o-sauruses, sometimes bums and/or your occasional tweaker, and some slumin-it douches.  Honestly I liked it a little more before the smoking ban (seemed to have more ambiance) but it still is a good place for some cheap drinking.  What are you gonna do?  Times change.  Apparently some folks reviewing here didn't see the part about Bikini being a DIVE bar.  Yep, so don't expect this to be some neat clean place with where all of the beautiful people go and security guards watch your car in the parking lot.  It is what it is as others have said.Edit:  I have now realized that it has lost something - its dimness.  There is a huge light near the ceiling that, um, just makes it too well lighted.  Bring back my dark tiki bar!
3	if your looking for class, give this place a pass. the glasses are all etched from the years of service, and there is a weird taste to them when you drink.but for the price and atmosphere, it's kinda what you should expect.you can slam your pitcher of PBR, Punch a hipster, spit on the cripple on the bar stool by the door, and on your way out buy some crack from the guy on the corner.not that i condone any of the above, just giving an idea of what you will see there.the environment hasn't changed in the last 50 years. tho i was told there used to be a giant mural of something...and it's not there anymore. there is a pool table. but it's shit. felt is worn, and the glue that holds it to the slate is gone, so you can slide it around. but again it's a dive bar not a pool hall..so what does it really matter.the bathroom is slightly disgusting..the condom machine dispenses "novelty" condoms that are dry and crispy. obviously not for use. but i found them fun to open the packaging and shoot them around like rubber bands. there is also a vending machine that dispense naked pictures of chicks. sadly it had a poor quality picture from the 60's..probably current considering the last time it was changed.all in all the place is a shit hole. but it's the bikini and people love it.it sorta wins the "best dive bar" award by default since Kings, Newsroom, Emerald Lounge and Monroes have all been closed down
2	This is one of those "dive bars" that are not dive bars at all. Dive bars have local character to them--they're local bars. This place has become just dirty and embarrassing.I came here regularly 10 years ago as I lived within walking distance. Just recently I went back a few times. If you enjoy drinking with "ironic" hipsters who likely all drive in from Scottsdale to this "hip place", then go ahead. Expect bugs and sewer stench, because whoever owns the place now just doesn't care anymore. The old regulars have long gone and the cool ironic kids have taken over, ironically drinking shitty beer, and ironically becoming drunken assholes.Two stars for cheap drinks and good music, though. If you can stand the clientele, go for it, I guess. You're better off trying "that one little bar" near your house that you've never managed to go to, the place where there's charm and locals.Actually, a "No Hipster" policy would make this bar pretty interesting. Full of old alcoholics, hookers, and bums.
3	OK, so i went to the Bikini tonight and all i get is flashbacks of why i despise this place.the funny thing is. the place is still exactly how it was the last time i was there. Hipsters out the ass. you can't move around without bumping into a hipster. the only other place where white t's are cool is in the bay area.I'm serious. you can't swing a hipster around by their ironic opinions without hitting another fucking hipster.look bitches. if you look like everyone else. it's not exactly hip to look like that anymore. your just another trendy beatnick.on a more comical side, looks like the Bikini is for sale again. hmm how many times has this place been for sale?even with a packed house full of hipsters this place will never sell for the couple mill they want for it.if a buyer does step up. they cant change it. or the clientele will leave. and honestly. the decor isn't worth the money. if you invest that much into it. you kinda want to upgrade a little.one upside from my last review. looks like they got  new pool table. the felt looked taught. kudos. rock on kiddies.
4	I live walking distance from this place, but don't go there nearly often enough... Most recently I showed up and they were having a kooky robot party, where people were dressed in robot costumes badly made from cardboard. DJentrification was playing robot-voiced breakdance music. It was quite surreal. The drinks are cheap and strong. It's kind of ghetto fab. OK, it's a dirty smelly shithole full of drunk homeless bums, hookers, hipsters who drink shitty cheap beer, ugly people who are also soap deficient, and the occasional confused scottsdaleite slumming it. If you like that kinda shit, you will love Bikini.
3	Gotta agree with Paul R. on this one. There is a fine line between dive bar and just and letting yourself go. Sadly, I think Bikini has toppled head first in a bad direction... All things considered, gotta love the cheap PBR pitchers.
3	I have now been to Bikini 4 times, which is enough to get the full experience and discover what Bikini really has to offer. What is it that Bikini has to offer, you ask? The wonderful stench of urine. Ear piercingly loud and horrible music. Miserable bartenders. The inability to use credit cards which goes against all that is rational. People desperately trying to be cool. So, I don't really like it here, but at the same time, I have no problem going here. I guess you would call that indifference and Indifference is the essence of inhumanity.
3	Low on pretension, high on kitsch factor.  It's not a bad dive bar to hang out at on a First Friday (or any other friday, for that  matter).
4	This is a great place to knock back pitchers.  If you can get yourself a table at Bikini, you've got it made, buddy.  I like the diverse crowd of hipsters, grizzled old dudes, tough guys and the occasional homeless guy who comes in with a pillow, asking you where they have blankets.  That's a true story.  And then he started singing along to a Michael Jackson song, but didn't form any words whatsoever.  He sort of looked like N!Xau from "The God's Must be Crazy."  I'm gonna miss that guy.In the restroom, one of those miniature XXX things tumbled out of the vending machine.  A gift from God!  Or, so I thought.  Free half-inch in diameter porn!  The instructions told me to rub the chick's binki until it went away, but that didn't work.  I tried using a quarter like it was a scratch-off or something, but I just ended up mutilating it.  It was macabre.  In a weird way, I felt like Lenny from of Mice and Men.  I tried to be gentle, but I accidentally killed her.This place is great.  I always have a very, very good time.
5	Bikini: Where everybody knows your face. Or they should know it if you go there twice or thrice a week on average. And why shouldn't you? It's practically a tropical island oasis with flowing pitchers of delicious, cold, golden Blue Moon. Or Bud, Hein, or Pabst...if you're crazy like that. They painted th bathrooms recently. There are always christmas lights twinkling  in the eyes of the goddesses behind the bar. Aloha.
2	I realize that going to a cool-baby dive bar when you're not a weekend regular can be, well, not very fun. I've taken countless friends to Time Out and Palo and Yucca and they all hate it the first time, and I'm sure think "what's the big deal about this dump?"But Bikini was just downright boring when a friend and I arrived there around 8:30p on a Friday night. The two bartenders were the most un-friendly gals of all time. One younger (maybe early 30s?) and one older (weathered mid-50s, gruff and had def seen some shit in her time) couldn't be bothered with just about anything. As I sat there, I wondered, "am I having a bad time cause I'm not a regular?" and decided that no, my fave dives certainly have friendly bartenders at least... and certainly have music!When we inquired about the lack of any music, we were answered with a grunt and a nod at the (broken) jukebox behind us. We responded that we had noticed the jukebox .... And got back an empty stare.Ok fine, what's on the tv. The Barret Jackson auto auction? Boring! We asked if we could get a switch to the Suns game. The two leaned in and whispered before responding that "that's what the rest of the bar wants to watch." We look around, not a person in the place was watching it. So my friend polls the bar "do you care if we change it to the suns game!?" no one objected and the bartenders were annoyed but began the process of tracking down the remote and figuring out how to change the channel. Nice try.Finally around 9:30 things picked up, a DJ started and the bar began filling with the crowd I expected; young (really young!) hipsters - more specifically those who were coming from Trunk Space next door. Apparently there was a show going on but no booze there, so they trickled in and out between sets. The DJ was pretty good, I have to admit. The drinks were cheap ($4 for a well mixed drink) and there were about 8 beers on tap, including imports. and i will give a shout out to mini pitchers, they make me happy and make me feel 22 again.I don't know, maybe I'm too old to bother "breaking in" another dive. Maybe I'm too old for sassy bartenders in dumpy spaces. But I found this particular classic to be just a little overrated.
4	this place used to be way better, when we were single. now that it's considered the hipster mecca of downtown phoenix, it's just kind of boring.the drinks are still cheap, the bartenders are still nice, and the place is still a hole inside, but it's just not as fun as it used to be. still some good dj's like boris and alex and shane, but we're just sick of always seeing the exact same crowd.if someone gets murdered in or near this place, we'll probably start coming back. until then, we'd rather go to real dive bars, not hipster havens. during the day is cool, so just go there on a sunday afternoon for $1 pbr with all the local bums and crack addicts getting faced.also it pisses us off that they keep painting over the art in the bathrooms. mike little's murals were awesome.
5	1.) 2$ Small Pitchers of PBR.2.) REAL artists hang out here.3.) Pablo Luna, William Fucking Reed, Alex, occasionally spin here.4.) Tuesday Night after midnight don't think that everyone in the room isn't going to be your most intimate friend because the dance floor is skin deep in groovy peeps -oh wait, they DON"T HAVE a dance floor, thats why there are four people pressed up against you because this joint gets hoppin'!5.) If you are broke, there is always PBR, or someone elses PBR -everyone here knows you here anyway and we'd be glad to share! 6.) Trunk Space is next door. The first place I ever saw Thee Oh No's was at Trunk Space!7.) Yuppies never come here.8.) You can be yourself here.9.) Get here early and be prepared to make new friends because everybody shares booths and pitchers at the end of the night.10) The Bikini Lounge employs an actual Hawaiian ;-)oh yeah, and this place is open in the daytime, but nobody ever comes here in groups until after ten, so you can have the pool table allllll to yourselves!!! No waiting for somebody to get out of your way so that you can make your shot (pool is out on Tuesdays, buddy!)Don't wear anything that you mind getting martini and someone elses perfume on if you come Tuesday night!Update: I just read another review and WTF! They painted over Mike Little's Murals? Grrrrrrrrrrr!
4	Essentially, this place is "Party Foul light" during the week. Sure it's dingy and sure it's cramped, but that's just the spot. Love it or leave it.I was here the other night for my second time and I dug it. What to say about this place... cheap beer in cheap pitchers, a solid pool table, DJ's with choice taste, and a machine bolted to the restroom wall that dispenses pornographic stickers from the 80's. The interior looks like some sort of post-apocalyptic, bombed out Tiki hut. Sounds like a good time, and it is. The crowd here is pretty diverse, although it's mostly hipsters though (remember: Party Foul light). If you're lucky, you'll see some characters that look like they're out of a Bukowski or Hunter S. Thompson story and that definitely adds to the spice of the place. I saw a woman there that had to be at least in her late sixties that looked like she dug her way out of a halfway house with a spoon. Once the DJ played a Curtis Mayfield song she started dancing and didn't stop throughout the whole time I was there. Using that image as a metaphor best describes this place: an old soul that's still young at heart.
4	I love the Bikini Lounge.  For those out there that know me, you might find this hard to believe, because I typically require a modicum of ambiance, attentiveness from waitstaff, and clean bathrooms from the places that I frequent.And Bikini Lounge provides absolutely NONE of this!  But for whatever reason it works, and I don't wind up wanting to run out the door and jump in a vat of antibacterial solution...go figure.Bikini Lounge is the epitome of a dirty dive bar, complete with shady Grand Ave location, bitchy bar staff that looks like they want to cut you if you make the cardinal mistake of trying to pay with a credit card, and on the positive, a kickass jukebox.I was in there Friday night after a terribly stressful day and proceeded to knock back about 5 small pitchers of Bud Light by myself, and embarrass myself later on in the night, you know, typical Friday.But what was atypical was the fact that I spent under $20 and I even bought a couple rounds for friends!!!  Now this is what I call a recession-friendly drinking establishment,,,I really ended up digging the fact that no one there, staff or patron, gave a shit about me and how I was doing.  Strange, i know.  It was surprisingly liberating not having to worry about other people around me because NO ONE there was worried about you.Call me crazy, but I dug it, and I will totally be back.
3	Where to start with this "gem" of a dive bar. Parking: This can be a risky situation depending on the level of love you have for your vehicle of choice, which I have none. There is no parking lot per se. There is a small lot adjacent to the music venue next door. Other than that, you are on your own on either Grand Ave or whatever the closest side street is. On said side street appears to be some sort of mechanic/junkyard/chop shop. So if your car goes missing after being at the Bikini, look there first. The scene: I don't recall there being any windows in this fine establishment. This always leads me to the conclusion that they don't want people to see the inside until they are already in. The booths feel like they may fall apart at any second while you are sitting on them. The cushioning is nonexistent in them. Probably wore out some time during the Carter administration. They do have a pool table, but I am not sure there were any balls or sticks. So do the math.   Oh yeah, just check out the ceiling when you go and ask yourself if it is up to code or not.The bartenders: On the particular night I was there, the two female bartenders may or may not have had a full set of teeth between them. They both appeared to be in their early to late sixties and one or both may have done some hard time. With all of that being said. The beer is cheap. I have turned down my nose to Budweiser for a while now, but enjoyed a mini-pitcher of it recently. I mean $3 for a pitcher really can't be beat. If a friend should drag you here, go, if just for the experience and the street cred you will garner for saying you went to the Bikini Lounge one night... And survived!
3	Bikini Lounge is interesting, and we all know "interesting" can mean good or bad. I don't know that I've decided yet. You know your grandma's neighbor that lives in the un-restored historic home with 3 non-running cars out front? Yeah...that's the guy who goes to Bikini Lounge. Oh, and it's probably his wife behind the counter. But it works. It's small, cash only, and you'll probably get your beer in a glass that looks like it's straight from 70's (don't ask me how a glass can look like it's from the 70's...you'll know it when you see it). But who can argue when I can get a Blue Moon for $3 or a pitcher of PBR for $2? And bonus - they have a pool table. And it's impossible to write a review for this place without talking about the bathrooms. Make sure you stock up on quarters! Need I say more?
4	The last time I went to Bikini, I went up to the bar to buy an enormous, delicious, and miraculously cheap pitcher of blue moon. Beside me sat an old, drunk, and shady character. I tried not to look at him.He waited until the bartender turned away to fill up my pitcher, and then he leaned in and whispered, "You're cute. I had to wait for her (the bartender) to leave so I could tell you. You know, the creepy old man rule."As soon as she came back, he turned away and stared down in to his beer.That's right, folks. Cheap blue moon and the bartender enforces a "Don't Be a Creepy Old Man" rule. What else could you possibly want in a bar?
3	Bikini gets a 5 some nights and a 1 some nights.Over the past 3.5 years of the grandevelt explosion, I've been the sad witness to Bikini becoming a trendy dive bar instead of an actual dive bar.Some nights, this is still the hangout for downtown weirdos, misfits, artists, and random old grouches.  If there isn't a DJ, or if the DJ is the wonderful Matty Balls or DJentrification, you can actually carry a conversation or dance.Most nights, though, it's got an annoying DJ playing for people who really want to be seen - and it's got more of a club atmosphere than one of a place where you can go and enjoy a nice conversation and beer with old friends.I used to drop in here just to bump into friends from the neighborhood - now I avoid it unless I'm at the Trunk Space anyway.
3	this used to be my favorite bar.they also used to use their juke box.can you please tell me a night when i don't have to let a dj pick my music for me?also when did someone decide to put a thousand watt bulb on the decrepit celling? will it ever not smell like sewage in there?I realize we're in a recession but could you buy some more xmas lights and make it warm and cozy like it used to be?nice things..ohhh so inexpensive. such a good place to go when on a budget.the djs don't suck. thank god.
5	Lately, nights at the Bikini seem to end with the craziest stuff imaginable. I swear, it gets more absurd every time. I'm on a self-imposed sabbatical. Now it gets five stars.
4	My dream is to one day ride the bus to Bikini Lounge, get rip-roaring drunk, throw up all over myself and take the bus back home. Okay, so maybe this fantasia will never come to fruition, but a boy can dream. Right? Bikini Lounge epitomizes dive bar in a way that is beyond compare. On the one hand, there's something priceless about a bar where there's an over abundance of tackiness (Christmas lights let on all year long, wobbly bar stools, sticky floors, mini-porn photos in the toilet dispensers). But on the other hand, there's something to be said about its less than finer moments (urine reeking bathrooms--come on guys, hit your mark and not the floor, and some particularly odoriferous customers). Yeah, I'm a fan of Bikini Lounge. FWIW, the last time we were here there was a sign indicating the bar was up for sale. Hopefully, the new owners won't change a thing and perhaps one day you'll see me step off the 15 bus with a wad of money and a devious grin on my face. If such is the case, don't stand too close and don't offer me a ride home. Just push me back on the bus if I'm passed out and sticking to the floor in the men's john.
4	I always have fun here. Something wierd always happens. I saw the bartenders friend get hit in the eye with a piece of pizza crust. LOL
3	Okay. I freakin' love dive bars. LOVE THEM, so when my buddy sarcastically suggested the "best bar in the entire world".. I was so there.. It may not be the best BAR, but it is quite possibly one of the best DIVES I've ever been to. Skeezy as hell, complete with no windows, and no lights.. but rather, strings of Christmas lights illuminating the place instead. Bitchy bartenders who are more interested in playing the video bingo that is situated at the end of the bar rather than serve you, terrible bathroom conditions, a pool table that you cannot hit the cue ball into, because for whatever reason, it eats it, never to be returned until you feed it more quarters, a rockin' juke box that allows for hours and hours of sweet sweet beats, cheap ass pitchers of beer, you can seriously get yourself and 5 of your friends schnockered for under $20 and of course, health code violations galore.. hello exposed insulation! It takes a certain person to appreciate the shittiness of shit.. I certainly do, and for anyone else who isn't a snob about where you quench your thirst, absolutely stop in. OH, the parking situation is really terrible too and its cash only .. but they conveniently have an ATM for us plastic whores.Cheers!
4	After visiting this establishment here are a few of my observations. There's two doors, a bathroom, a pool table (why? I don't know), tables and a bar. Yes, it is that simple. But as we all know, personality can go a long way. The place is small and yes it is a dive. But the beer is CHEAP. When we go, we each get our own mini pitcher of PBR. CLASSY! The bartenders are not ever in a talkative mood, they will ignore you for a while and they won't ever say thank you. The people are cool, mostly. But I always get the impression like at any moment there could be shouting match between two hipsters accusing each other of being a hipster.On some nights you get a really cool DJ playing stuff you'll never hear anywhere else. I like that.I like it. It's a little far for me but I'm game if you are!
2	I came to Bikini Lounge with an open mind. I don't really visit many truly divey bars. creepy people well, creep me out. and I am a big believer in manners and some sort of bar respect.the first time I came here, it was crowded, and I was meeting up with an old friend. conversating over a cheap pitcher of PBR amongst wanna-bes and bottom feeders, digging the funky music they were playing, made for a good evening. the next time I came in, it was a totally different story. totally reeked of piss the second I walked in and over-crowded, "to catch a predator" show look-alike perverts loitering. fat greasy bum beast sitting at the bar, taking up two stools, not allowing me to get in and order. ten minutes of trying to get a brew, and we were out of there.a mangy wild dog stood under a street light barking at us and my friend wigged out and we sheepishly made our way to the car. not a very good part of town either. be aware of kujo on 15th avenue!!!
3	I want to like the Bikini Lounge, I really do.  After all, it has the makings of a legend: authentic tiki decor, (really) cheap beer, great juke box, interesting people... BUT, the place is filthy, even by dive bar standards-- if wiping the tables down once a week is too much to ask, at least go back to the dim lights!
4	"To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting."  ~e.e. cummings, 1955Bikini is a true dive bar. It is not a bar trying to be your local neighborhood dive, it in genuine; comfortable in it's own skin no matter how gross and disease infested that skin may be; not unlike the loveable PigPen from the Peanuts cartoons. Bikini tries to live up to no one's standards and despite the array of negative things one can say about the place, it is part of its charm and it's charm will win you over. My friend ordered a tequila the other night. "Do you want the Well or Jose Cuervo?" I was shocked so I made the inquiry. "Pardon me; out of curiosity what is your well tequila? What can you possibly have worse than Jose Cuervo?""Two Fingers. Some peoplelike it." --matter of factly in between loud bites of her greasy fish and chips from some near by establishment.  They don't give a fuck.Tiki stuff is posted all over of course, but not like Island's or Chuy's this is some real old looking tiki stuff. It somehow avoids the tacky factor and remains dingy. Flawless execution again WITHOUT TRYING. Even the bathrooms keep it real. Real gross so poo before you go. You do not want to touch anything in here that you can avoid touching.There is a front and a back door. I assume this is so that if your date's sheet metal worker husband comesin the front door you can easily bolt out the back. I assume this happens all the time here. Never seen it but it looks the type of place. I like that in a bar.The drinks are cheap and the drinks are strong."Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind."  ~Dr. SeussP.S. Other points of note-internet juke box-DJ every night at 10pm-Cash only. ATM charges $2.50 I believe.
5	Bikini, I love you. Love you love you love you.This is a REAL place, complete with all the things you would expect from a dive bar. It's what I think of when I think of a bar that has been around forever and has withstood the test the time. Plus you have Shane the Wonder DJ playing Thursday and Friday nights-he is THE MAN and has amazing music and knows how to make it all work. Shane is GOLD to me. Real people drink here, even though I would never come in on a First Friday because I don't do the hipster thing. Yeah, the bathrooms are grungy and it's not antiseptic. Go to Scottsdale if you need a McBar and for everything to be perfect and pretty. The Bikini ROCKS if you are a real, non-plastic person.
2	I struggle with the quantity of stars to bestow on this place. Maybe 2.5?I totally get that this is a dive bar. It is understandable that dive bars are suppose to leave residue on you when you leave. However, they shouldn't leave the lasting impression of scariness that this place does. I was greeted completely without any admirable candor (not that I should expect it). "What do you want?" doesn't exactly ring in my ears as an invitation of welcome. I guess I also picked this place when apparently no one comes in. There was one other dude there. He looked like Santa Claus' illegitimate child. So, I would hope a hipper crowd parades around when Trunkspace is rocking. I suppose my biggest complaints are the lack of welcome that the whole place vibed to me; the inability to judge based on clientele (given what was there, I would guess a village of elves); and the lack of any clean surface in the place. Perhaps I am hasty to judge, but I will sit on my 2.5 until a better experience can raise that. I will presumably be drunk for that to happen.
4	The only time I would ever even think of going to Bikini Lounge is on a Tuesday night, when Alex, Tararista, Matty P, or myself are playing music.  Cheap beer you can drink right out of the pitcher.  Its a place to go get shitty.  Who gives a crap that its mostly hipsters hanging out there.  The breed of hipster in Phoenix is much less worse than the hipsters you find in Chicago.  Also, they are coming and enjoying the awesome real music we are playing them, who cares if they smell.  They're more innocently doing the hipster thing, since its somewhat new here.  And thats just cute.   Hint for dudes:  tuck your shoelaces in or cut them off before you enter the bathroom because there is always at least an inch of pisswater on the bathroom floor.
5	i'll wax a few Bikini lines'bout Itsy, bitsy tiki divebar located fifteenth and grandavenue facade, a standof bamboothere since '46the down and outthe cool and hipsters hangin this old barbest damn divecenpho, by farwhere there must bea "tooth for one"drink specialbecause everyonewas missing'least a couple teethcanines, molarshit deletebut what the f*ckthey drink their lunchdinner toothe downtown drunksmixing it upwith those down therei call the light rail millionairesain't bankin' onthe rails arrivalBL won't need itfor survivalslingin' drinksfor sixty yearsso what, the LRdon't stop heregotta love coin-op, pool tablejuke box, willin'always ableto rock the houseidiot prooffeed it dollarsvoila, poofyou're a djcan't go wrongeven my momcould pick good songs'hood, bit shadybring your daringmeet the tweaked outmidriff baringhooker-esquegal, there beside mehow much mommayou to ride me?no, I didn't ask her thatbut there i wasand there she satsuckin' down  a glass of beeri am brave and I don't fearmuch, but whenshe turned and smiledhadn't brushed emfor a whileso cheers, Bikinikeep it realbeers are dirtdrinks, a stealgreat place to swizzle up 'ur noodle on the cheapget all bamboozledeven adored the rude bartenderjust wish i haddentures to lend her
3	Ok so this is a true Divebar...cash only gotta warn you. I wasn't ready for that. I just had gotten back from hawaii met two boys on the plane and they invited me and my friends, who came to pick me up, to this place. Parking is horrible....location is in the middle of no where...bartenders don't even try to hide the fact they don't wanna be there. Plus side though Cheap Beer and old ass tunes. It was fun to a point I was already smashed from drinking on the plane. Got even more drunk that PBR tasted like the best thing in the world! Then my inner dork came out as we all danced to songs that made us go "OMG THIS SONGS THE JAMMMMM!" It was a sad night for all of us. Woke up the next morning wishing i'd worn my chucks instead of flip flops and what looked like a mixture of ketchup and whip cream in my hair? ew.
5	The best bar in Phoenix. The Bikini Girls have experience. I've had some of the best nights up in that bitch. sexy.and PBR is like so cheap. Don't be appalled when you see all the dudes drinking straight from a personal pitcher, its one less glass for the ladies to clean.Also, JOHN MAYER!
5	Who does real time reviews?  This fuckin guy.  I'm at the Bikini Lounge, and it's so god damn baller that I pulled out my sweet ass iPhone and started typing.  I'm here with a bunch of yelpers, and I'm pretty sure they've all reviewed this place, so I know I'm just adding more stars to this joint.  When you live across the street from a bar, and not just any bar, the best dive bar on the planet, things can get dangerous.  But the fact that the fuckin ATM is always broken at this cash-only shithole keeps me from going completely bankrupt.  I'm surprised it hasn't been condemned, but that's probably cuz all the drunk ass people in here fight off OSHA with empty pitchers that used to contain delicious PBR.  Amber W. specifically asked me to mention the large group of over-the-top lesbians that are sitting in the booth next to us, so, yeah, they're here too.  And not shockingly, they're having a great time, cuz it's impossible not to here.  If you want friendly bartenders, get the fuck out.  If you want clean glasses, get the fuck out.  If you want bathrooms that don't have AIDS all over the place, get the fuck out.  But if you want a cold beer and a bunch of idiots dancing to a shitty song you've never heard, you've come to the right place.Ok, since I'm still actually at the place I'm reviewing, I'd better order another PBR before this bartender kicks my ass.  Word to ya motha.
5	I f*ing love this place! It strangely feels like home, hahaha.. What's not to love about this little cool ass dive bar? Cheap (CHEAP!!) drinks, awesome music (finally away from that top 40s bs).. Everyone is there just do get s* faced and dance to way cool songs only a few people (with great musical taste) will listen to and none the less know how to dance to hahaha. This place you can wear anything and go. They have a electronic gambling machine by the bar which is hilarious. The bathrooms are disgusting but whatever,  you'll probably be too drunk to give a s* :)
4	This is the supreme of all the dive bars in phoenix (im sure there are divier in S phoenix, but seriously, what little white girl is gonna go drinking down there and review it).Every movie youve ever seen where some shady character is in some run down, sticky, smelly dank corner waiting for the man is the epitome of this bar, and i love it.  A lot of bars in this town claim to be non judgemental and anti snob only to go and find out they are just as bad as any scottsdale bar.  This place could give 2 shits if you still have puke on your shoes from the night before, and everyone needs a bar like that sometimes.Cash only, dont expect the staff to kiss your ass, but do expect to get completely hammered for under 10 bucks.  If youre having "one of those nights" where youre aiming to black out, this is the place for you.
4	I'm really conflicted on how to rate this place. First off, there was no bikini's at the bikini lounge. What we had was this short and stout bartender who served us up a little pitcher of Fat Tire. See how I can be conflicted.. Fat Tire is good beer but this was no bikini server. Though, make no mistake, this is a dive bar. How do you exactly know?  Let's go down the check list:-Was it dimly lit, not because of choice but because some light bulbs just busted? Yes-Did your beer come to you in a small pitcher for five bucks? Yes-The corner has some creepy guy doing something you're not sure of? Yes-Did the bartender just not care you walked in? Yup-Was there a homeless dude sleeping on the floor right outside? YupSee, we went down the list and sure enough it's a dive bar. Did I feel like I was going to get stabbed? Not really. But my buddy sure did. It was pretty funny to see some Mexican worry that he was in the "bad area". Me, I've been to places like this before. The shady aspect didn't bother me so much as the fact that they didn't have as much neon lights on. What up with that? It could have used some more lights.. I mean, yeah. It's a bar. But it was really dark in the "is this place open?" sort of way. The people sitting near us also had that down and out depressed bar drinker look going. It was not one of much cheer. The sort of look that you have from spending a little too much at the dog track and not coming home with any winnings for timmy's christmas present. Which, I guess I'm not sure what's so wrong with that. This is a bar after all. Fuck it, I just drove a good 7 hours to get here and I'm expecting to drive another 6-7 back to L.A? Yeah.. pass me another drink. They're cheap enough! oooooooh, the glasses seem to be frozen. Plus for this place! Nothing like getting your beer ice cold. So my minus one star comes from the lack of bikini's from the lounge that is suppose to be of bikinis. Must have been one of those off weekday nights. Among the many awesome dive bars in Phoenix. Just needed more bikinis.
4	Visited this place from out of town and I'm glad I did. The scene was a good mix of people (it was a Friday night) and the service was prompt. The bathrooms were not as disgusting as some have stated ( I have experienced much worse) and I will definatly visit again. Also, the drinking out of the mini pithers was interesting, I think I spilt more on myself and on the floor than I did in my mouth haha.
5	Everyone always wants to call his/her dive bar the greatest dive bar. But my vote wins (for reasons known only to me). Bikini Lounge is truly the greatest dive I've ever been to. Pool table? Check. Cash only? Check. Filthy but comfy? Double check. Great DJ with Rock 'n' Roll music that you can't help but dance to? Oh yeah.I had such a great time at Bikini Lounge. Cheap beer, fun atmosphere, great people and good music is what I want. Is it required to dance? Of course not, but it makes you feel good to join in. No judgment, just good times. I'll be back soon.
5	you gotta love this place!! it's tiki themed, old, musty and has the BEST jukebox in town! not to mention the drinks are strong and low priced. I also like that they have local artists work in the place, i have bought art from here before. i always tell people about this place and have never been disappointed!!.
3	Does being in the ghetto make you extra divey?
5	A cozy little dive with cheap beer and bartenders who know what's up.This isn't the type of place you would take mom to for a holiday drink. Dingy, dark and mysterious because you never know what your gonna get.. perhaps the bartender will be wearing a Mickey Mouse sweater and playing crosswords? Maybe drunken men in there late 40's will be stumbling about playing pool? If you love to people watch and have a few good, cheap beers with your pals, check this spot out. It might just be your new favorite dive!
5	great place!!!
5	WES OWNS YOUR LIFE!This place is pure party time. Cash only, but the ATM is usually good to go.Babes galore, and if you're into dudes, then you can get a little of that, too. The crowd is pretty all over the place.Surf-rock, cumbia, hip-hop, vintage country and blues...I mean...seriously...
4	Finally a bar where I don't feel out of place! Lots of different mixes of people, not full of loud frat boys, very dim lighting, cheap!The bartenders didn't give a sh** like everyone has been saying, but I LIKE it. They aren't putting on any fake masks, just being themselves; which are super tough women. You gotta be that way based on the clientele present before all the young kids come in. Super cool place where you can be part of the crowd or just chat with a friend or two.
5	Bikini is everything I could ever ask for in a bar. Its a dive. Its has awesomely random and strange decorum.  Marginally sanitary bathrooms. Cheap whiskey sours. Sassy bartenders. Interesting clientele. Located in a janky neighborhood.  *but no hooks for purses under the bar* (still five star worthy though)  I was already pumped driving by Bikini... I could just tell it was perfect.  As I was arriving a guy was literally thrown out of a neighboring liquor store and stumbled into Bikini.  Interior not disappointing in the least. Behind the bar is full of decorative oddities for your viewing pleasures.  The bartender definitely didn't take shit from anyone *including some strange characters that chatted us up at the bar*.  Beers on tap were $2.75 I believe ... Fat Tire nonetheless! Starting filling up around 10pm with an awesome crowd.  I found myself in a conversation with some 'interesting folk' at the bar next to me about multiple universes and aliens... I didn't have too much to add to that one but you just never know who you'll meet there .... ideal.  A great dive with a diverse bunch of people and the possibility for some great stories if you stick around long enough or stop in often enough :)*** CA$H bar only***
4	I feel like the biggest hipster ever for writing this review but I don't really care right now. Bikini is one of my favorite bars in downtown... When I'm poor, I know I can run in and get a $5 mini pitcher of Pabst and be happy.I'm not sure what is up with the pool table and sometimes I wish they'd just remove it during peak hours on Friday and Saturday nights. Pants off dance off is SO much more fun, anyway :]Oh, and the bathrooms kinda suck, but I forgive you, Bikini. You are a dive, after all.
5	awesome little hole in the wall tiki bar, with no-nonsense bartenders who take good care of their regulars!! This place gets packed on Tuesdays and Saturdays bc there are usually a handful of djs spinning some sweet tunes! Oh and the pitchers are mad cheap! You haven't experienced the real downtown phoenix until you've been here!
4	This place is OLD SCHOOL great.  Classic tavern.  Cheap drinks and no fu-foo stuff.  Not a great selection of liquor but they have the basics.  Surprisingly they have Stella Artois on tap.  Of course many of patrons were drinking PBR the night I was there.  They have one pool table and just a few booths to lounge at.  I love the flouresnt, black light powered posters that hang high on the walls near the back of the bar.  And my favorite piece of art is the old and very large hula dancer that hangs over the back of the bar.  Another one of my favorite things about this bar is they have a juke box and they turn it up pretty loud. Love that.  Also this is classic. They have two small tv but no cable. What bar does not have cable TV.  I love it
5	Now lemme tell you a little story.Last time I was in Greater Phoenix, it was the week of St. Patrick's Day.  My cousin was living in Scottsdale at the time and after a week of nothing but family dinners, I was dying for a night out.  I ended up many places, with shiny people drinking Bud Light in Affliction t-shirts, etc.  This time, I decided to do some research.Enter Bikini Lounge.  After convincing my relations that this was not, in fact, a strip club, we made our way there.  *This* is what I was looking for.My favorite bars typically consist of A. a bar, B. two to six non-barstool seating options, C. colorful characters behind the bar, D. pool table/darts (optional).  That's all I need to get liquored right there, and I'm happy to report that I succeeded.  The tiki theme and the fact that the barmaid was a super-friendly Mexican woman in an Ozzy t-shirt were just the icing on top.
5	I love it Tiki and Dive bar combined! And old for a sense of history...zazz!
4	Reading your reviews, I expected a smelly, run-down dive that was all sorts of crazy. I saw nothing of the sort. It looked pretty clean for a dive, had some awesome seating, and a decent tap selection. It's such a small bar, but they do a great job of utilizing that space. The crowd is pretty cool, too. If only it weren't so inaccessible, right in the middle of an ugly part of town, with very little parking. I won't count the horrors of CenPho against it.Chug some PBR and wait for all the hipsters to migrate from Trunk Space.
5	I love the Bikini! It is my favorite bar in the world. The music is always way too loud, and the crowd is the best of any bar I've ever been to. The beer is super cheap, so make sure you just buy a pitcher...no one will judge you for drinking straight from the pitcher! It gets really busy on Tuesday and Saturday nights, so wear your dancing shoes, since you probably won't be able to find a seat anyways!And don't forget to bring cash! They are cash only!
5	interesting, fun, and CHEAP!!! seriously, $5 blue moon pitchers?! AMAZING!!! ladies, don't feel ashamed to drink out of the pitcher or that the bartender can't hear u...its ok...its only worth it! lol
3	This place is old school to the point that the school needs to be rebuilt... I think the crowd here on certain nights might be great, but the place itself is just too rundown. We visited on a Sunday night and were disappointed after all the positive reviews I've read. This Bikini is dirty, old, and stinky.
2	I hope you don't think that I'm too critical by the end of this review. But honestly I've been to better dive bars. The first thing that struck me was the location. Crap! It shares a wall the the Trunk Space, on a corner of Grand Ave and 7th ave I believe. Getting there, maneuvering the strange sharp turns, and then locating a parking spot definitely downs my drinking enthusiasm.  -1 for initial placement. Although, if you happen to be catching a show at the Trunk Space, this place is 5 steps away. When I first entered the place, I admit I was impressed with the interior decor. The whole tiki-style theme was nice and consistent. Except for all the stuff behind the bar. I mean a piece of paper with a note written with a marker saying "We have the right to refuse anyone service", just screams "low class establishment here" to me. At least the air conditioning and lighting were comforting.The service was decent. The lack of crowd allowed my party and I the utmost dedicated attention. I ordered a large pitcher of Blue Moon, which if you have a three person group, the price is pretty good. You get three smaller than usual frosted glasses which I liked. However, as a fan of Blue Moon, I was unimpressed by how bland the white ale tasted!! I'm sure it was flat. It was cold though. Ill give them that.Overall, I would come back again, but only if I happen to be at the Trunk Space. I see no reason to deliberately make this place my destination.By the way this place is Cash Only......
4	Odd dive bar. The place is well decorated for a dive, with a Tiki, Hawaiian theme...there's art on the walls and some books near the bathroom. Both bartenders were friendly and chatty in a good way. Happy hour featured small pitchers of PBR for 3 bucks with never-ending, well-salted peanuts... I went there on a Wednesday, early evening, and it was mostly empty. The regulars were all reading at the bar. At 6 they dimmed the lights and happy hour ends. It started to get crowded around then...The jukebox was on fire the whole time and has a good selection...It's a cash only bar, but there is an ATM...
5	Hands down my favorite dive bar in all of Phoenix! Cheap prices, great service, awesome music. They know how to pour drinks and have a good time!
5	Hole in the wall.....I love it! This place is amazing. $2 pbr, pool table, good tunes and awesome bartenders. I always have a great time when I come here.
3	This is the "cool" bar to go to. Super Divey (which really is a plus)... but is PACKED!I'll go here if I'm meeting friends. CHEAP pitchers (PBR is the best deal). The whole vibe is weird though... I don't know what about it is a turn off. There are better places in the vicinity... but if you haven't been... you HAVE to experience the bikini at least once if you're downtown.
3	The place is hidden, as you walk in you feel like theres some shady stuff happening behind the doors, but once you open the doors its a lot better :) The drinks are pretty cheap, the biggest plus and my second fav thing about the place is they have peanuts and you break the shells and trash them all over the place. Of coure its very dive-y, the music wasnt that great though when we went.
4	I like it.  Good lighting and nice triangular layout.  Good music and cheap drinks.  A pretty clean dive.
5	i love this place. very rarely do i get to go out and tie one on. when i do, this is were i want to be at some point in the night. where else can i go and request the cramps? i...love...this...place, it makes me happy. i suppose i should go on and on about what it's like, but i won't. go and experience it for yourself.
3	This is a place that exists.
4	This is not bar for the majority. It's a dive bar in tiki's clothing. There are no tiki drink menus as it seems the crowd that frequents this place does not drink them. However, the bar tender was game to use his app to make the requested drink and it came out well. High five, bartender!It is an eclectic mix of customers. There were metal heads playing pool in their bedazzled and ironed on denim jackets. There were first daters. There were drama friends singing along to the DJ's awesome mix of cover songs. Fun times were had by all.
3	Like Beer?  Drink here.  For anyone I know reading this, I've been clean and sober since 1981.  I ended up in the Bikini as I scouted the Luster Kaboom self-portrait around the corner on the Trunk Space wall.  http://www.panoramio.com/user/4447772?comment_page=1&photo_page=2 The more I looked, the more interesting graphics and art I found and chased on this corner of the old main highway to Wickenburg.  A friendly guy named Doug asked what I was doing.  In a minute he had me inside to take pictures of the Bikini art.  Lots of tikis, sculpture and two paintings of women just as Captain James Cook found them on his first voyage.  I found Nemo glowing bright in a dark corner under the palm leaf and bamboo overhang.  There's other art too, some for sale.  It's s neighborhood bar flavored South Pacific.  Tuesday night is DJ night and apparently rocks.  There's a single pool table, a long bar, and lots of seating scattered across the main floor.  Bikini washed waves of Snug Saloon memories to my frontal lobes.  At least what little I can recall.  I had an innocent, drunken, blast during my many hours, days and nights in that dim, smoky, peanut shell strewn room, with its 19th century bar, keg and cable spool seating, Harley tranny cover and other items hanging from the ceiling.  The Snug.Lest you think I got no class, I've rented beer from posh bars in cities like San Francisco, New York and Crescent Cities too.  Sandy runs the place.  Apparently the City of the Sun is planning some extensive urban renewal, with the mid town Grand Avenue corridor in its sights.  I do not understand how the city demands its past be torn down, crushed and piled east of Town Lake.  While the urban Central Corridor could use a transfusion, there may be fresh plans for a new Grand.  Club Bikini has faced its share of renovation demands and is WAY spruced up from a few years ago.I know, I am unaware of city or real estate politics, sign and zoning ordinances and requirements for proper plumbing, lighting and fire sprinklers.  A micro brew, swing dance club, student housing, market with veggies, mini library,mini micro business school and micro bank plus people enjoying the area on more days than one Friday a month.  Of course, our state population concentrations firmly  support and encourage exsanguination to former Class 1 Ag lands, Big Box dollars moving to corporate HQ, and other major shopping swept away from town on the green tide.There are some very interesting buildings on South Grand with architecture and character.  The Bikini's a real character.  Visit it before the tikis and Polynesians make their last voyage.  Or stand up for the area, a little more urban concentration, less time on video games and in home theaters.
4	Dirt cheap drinks. Internet juke box. Really random clientele. Dusty tiki decor... Great spot!
5	Awesome Spot. I was in town for Spring Training and happened by this place. don't ask me what I was doing in this part of town, I plead the fifth!
3	I like the charm of this place a lot.  It's a dive for sure, but a charming one.  The people who go here range from hipsters to straight regular old school drinkers.  Kind of random at times.  The beer is cheap enough and the tunes are usually decent.  However, they are kept from 4 or 5 star status by the incredible hot atmosphere in the summer.  It's sweaty and can be stinky.  I'm a large dude and that is a strike out for me.  During the winter, I'd love to head in there and grab a beer.
1	My first clue should have been that it is on Grand Ave. Dirty and moist. I felt like I needed a shower and a tall glass of Airborne after I left this place. The best thing, people watching. It's very fascinating to see who walks into this place.
4	I had few expectations of the Bikini Lounge -- I envisioned just a dive bar with a cardboard thick devotion to the tiki theme. I was delightedly surprised.It certainly is divey, as many of the best tiki bars are, and it has its insensate, day-glo tiki after-thoughts. But it also has aged charm and quirky appeal. Duane, the bartender (and member of the band Iconoclast, although I imagine they spell it differently), happily told us a few stories of the place, with many of the items dating back to its 1947 founding. The centerpiece hula girl painting behind the bar is said to be to have the head of the original owner's wife and the body of his mistress. While it was owned by a gay couple, the hula girl apparently had her breasts painted over and the grass skirt added, then the subsequent owner restored the bosom to its former glory. The New Times claims that this is the oldest bar in Phoenix.  Basically, it has an earnest quantity of tiki, and everything a you need for a dive bar of integrity, including the location in a dicey neighborhood. I don't imagine that I will ever go to Phoenix again without stopping in.
5	This place has been a favorite of mine since I started going to bars. Definitely a dive. Not exceptionally clean, but I also wouldn't say it's the dirtiest place I have ever been either. When I leave in the wee hours of morning, I don't feel as though I may have contracted some terrible disease or that I need to bathe in Purell when I get home. In the summer time, you can expect it to be a little moist inside, though they do have a few fans moving the air around pretty well. If you can't handle the moist wind whipping through your hair and up your skirt, better head over to a nice air-conditioned Scottsdale bar. They hit the nail on the head with the decor. It doesn't feel half-done or like it was an afterthought. Depending on what time you arrive on a Friday or Saturday night, you may not find a seat unless you can steal one away with a little eyelash batting. I usually come here on Saturday nights because they have an awesome DJ from 9 pm to 2 am, which gives me a great opportunity to dance to music I don't get to hear as often as I would like. (On that note, I would like to say that if you are a reasonably attractive young lady and you are dancing, you can expect to be approached by at least one guy that thinks he's got game and great moves. I can name several different times I have turned around to find a strange guy dancing right behind me like he belonged there, with a goofy grin on his face. Can't fault 'em for trying I guess.)Be prepared to meet some interesting people! One time when I was here with an old boyfriend, we met a gentleman named Mark, probably about my parents' age, who instantly decided to make our twosome a threesome (not like that, you pervert). He spent the evening playing pool with my ex (he had some difficulty remembering whether he was stripes or solids, but we kept him straight), repeatedly telling me that I looked like a character from Monk, and trying to drink said ex's pitcher of beer. The purpose of telling you about Mark is not to scare you off, but to illustrate that this place is full of characters. In addition to your average Joes and the obligatory barflies, you will definitely see punks, hipsters, metalheads, greasers, and probably people from any other subculture you can think of, not to mention old-timers that have been coming here for decades (sorry if I left anyone out, forgive me?). If your comfort zone is full of people that pop the collar on their polo shirt and end every sentence with the word "bro", you should probably go somewhere else. While these types sometimes show up here, I've noticed they usually dip out after an hour or so.The worst part of this place, for me, is the ladies' room. Not because it is dirty (which it generally kinda is), but because the toilet door doesn't lock and you have to rely on either the gals waiting to let people know that it's in use, or potential drunks recalling the common sense notion of knocking before entering. That said, I haven't been walked in on yet and I can't let this detract from my rating.The drinks are cheap and well-made (not watery). I'm not really a beer person most of the time, but they have plenty here I would drink. I usually do 3-4 mixed drinks and leave feeling pretty good, without spending more than 20 bucks including tips. Between both of us we can do well on 35-40 bucks depending on what we're drinking. Every time I have been here the bartender is the same older lady. I don't know if she works here every night or just on the weekends, but she is amazing. She may look a little grumpy, but don't be fooled -- she's really a doll.I highly recommend this place and hope to continue to frequent it for years to come. I love you, Bikini Lounge!
3	Definite dive bar, but I kinda liked it in a weird sort of way!  The bartender was friendly and the clientele was interesting...definitely good people watching.  Cheap beer too!
1	Not impressed by this place at all. The bartenders were not friendly at all and the place looked like a dump. Not suprised since it was off Grand.
3	What a great dive bar! Went to see a show at Trunk Space next door and dropped by here for a cheap PBR beforehand. The bar is dark and kinda dirty with tacky Hawaiian/tiki decoration. There's a juke box that has decent selections. The bartender is friendly- it seems as if she's been there for a while. Definitely going back next time I'm in that part of town.
3	This place must not come alive until after midnight. I recommend it for the cheep drinks and they have a pretty great DJ on Thursdays.
4	My cousin showed me this place a few years ago when I turned 21, and it was a place I would have never taken a second glance at. It's on Grand Ave, a shady area, so during the week you definitely get the odd/scary crowd. Mostly homeless people or day laborers. I avoid the bar during the week, but Friday and Saturday nights are where it's at!! They've been having the same DJ who plays an amazing mix of indie music, electronic, and even oldies that have a beat added to them. On the weekends towards the tail-end of the night this place is always packed! I usually hate bars that are super crowded, but this is one I actually like. It adds to the whole Bikini experience. Usually it's a bunch of young hipsters, drinking, dancing, singing, and not giving a f*** about what anyone thinks. Bikini is awesome because everyone is usually super cool, and the drinks are super cheap! Like $3-$4. The bartenders seem very moody at times, but it's not a huge deal to me. I love the neon pictures and totems, and the streamers hanging from the ceilings are very fun.
5	Best dive in town!
4	Major dive bar. If this is what you are looking for, which I was, you won't be disappointed. Incredibly cheap happy hour prices. No credit cards!
5	best place ever my home away from home
1	Ok here's the deal as so called "dive bars" go the Bikini has the right idea cheap drinks bartender was very on her game But the place has that Gay hipster feel Which isn't dive bar at all then you throw In the mustaches and the rave dj on Saturday Night I would steer clear of this joint itUse to be a great dive but those days are noLonger this bar is trying too hard too be the great Place it once was ..... Don't fix something that Isn't broke
5	I really like dive bars, there was good music, and cool people.
3	Don't be fooled by the 1950's dancing "girls" with bikinis on the tv, as some are girls and some are not. This makes for a fun drinking game, but also for some awkward moments. The parking lot is small, the location is a big questionable but inside is a tiki bar feel and affordable drinks. The music is a bit too loud here for my tastes.
5	Great Dive Bar! Make sure you bring CA$H.They have a bar of many spirits, and bartenders who pour em strong, all at the right price. The music is loud, the music is good, and the live DJ was a man at one with the beat. The tiki vibe isn't laid on too thick, just enough to give it some personality. The place is small, but there were two bartenders behind the bar when I went and the service was pretty good. The parking lot is the only real downside, you might get ten cars in with a crowbar.One tip, make sure you go out the back way on the way out for one of the best street vendors you'll find for some solid eats before you depart.
3	WOW.....not being from a large city I didn't really know what a true dive bar was, but after going here I now know! HOLY LORD!!! It was as scary as it was AWESOME! If you wanna meet someone that you don't want the world to know about, this is the place to do it. Dark booths, sketchy patrons, a pool table that has stains on it that you really don't want to know the origins of, and I am not even going to mention the petri dish that was called the "men's room".Now all that being said, I had a wonderful Hendricks's gin & tonic for $4.00, that drink ANYWHERE is $8.00 to $12.00. I would NOT recommend this place for "date night" with the little lady, but if you are wanting to meet your mistress, make some bad decisions, or go to a place where NOBODY knows your name, or wants to...This is the place for you.
4	I like your cheap beer and good jukebox.  Your bathrooms do not smell very good.
1	I came here to celebrate my birthday with a friend. 1. they do not take cards2. the bar tender was rude and did not take our order for over 15min3. she did not comp a single drink4. the service continued to be terrible all night, the bar tender talked back to my friend when she asked if she was going to take our order. Sad, b/c I've heard great things.
5	This is the coolest, funnest, down as fuckest bar I have ever been to in my life. Super fun crowd just down to have a good time. No attitudes or pretention like at the Palo Verde . Just a really fun cool diverse crowd dancing to some of the best DJs I have ever been so blessed to hear. Again, the best bar I have EVER been to.
4	Bikinis bikinis oh wait where my drinky!?Don't expect to see any bikinis at the Bikini Lounge anytime soon.  This place is a total dive close to the heart of downtown.  Overall, drinks are dirt cheap from what I'm used to and the AA (Affordable Alcohol)  club loves it here! 3 drinks for $10 total...wow I feel like we're back in the 90's again with these prices!  The place itself is full of tackiness, but not the cheap look.  "Bikini" clad girls and some naked on the walls.  Only cash accepted and a juke box.  Now that's your dive! - Enjoy
1	Been here many a time I'm sorryTo say my visit last night was extremely Not good came in early I was planning to Meet about 8 friends there for a early Holiday party and the old hag of a bartender was so rude I will never go backPeriod. What a difference in attitude at thisPlace I remember going in there 12 yearsAgo and now what a difference that place won't be open for long if they continue.To run away business
5	In the history of dive bars, there was one. It was called Bikini. This will be my favorite bar in Phoenix, always. The end.
5	Originally went to this place after reading a Yelp review from 2010 that was so funny it made me both cry and pee my pants.  Once I had visited Bikini Lounge, I Loved everything about it!  Here are some tips:   Watch out for the homeless guys eyeballing you, your car and your girlfriend in and around the "parking lot" -- They'll murder you and your date for fun, leaving your bodies in the abandoned motel across the street, then steal your car, eventually picking up hookers and blow with the spare cash you left in the console before selling your jacked stereo system to an undercover cop, fleeing the scene while being pursued by and opening fire on a police helicopter, eventually crashing your car into the Salt River, being arrested, and telling the cops that you're a demon and that you made them do it. Try to keep your hands off of the fucked up rusty ass metal front door that you'll probably cut yourself on.  I'm certain there's MERSA, SARS, Ebola and Bird Flu all over that thing.  Let your eyes adjust before getting too far inside.  I'm pretty sure there are only two lights in the whole place, one of which illuminates the front of the coin operated porn photo dispenser in the men's room (another story).   Do NOT ask if they take credit, unless you like to get punched in the mouth by your bartenders.  That lady will sucker punch you, then jump over the bar like some kind of quadruple black belt, flying round house kick you in the junk and then just throw you a beating until you die from it (see above thoughts about bodies being disposed of in nearby abandoned motel).  That said,  DO sit at the bar and leave your change for a $20 in front of you while you're drinking directly from small pitchers of sweet sweet PBR.   The non-bikini clad bartender will be more likely to keep your beer coming. If you snag a booth, don't concern yourself too much with what that greasy feeling stuff is on the upholstery.  The light is too dim for you to see what it looks like, no matter how hard you try.  DO NOT get your phone out and turn on the flashlight app!  DO NOT DO IT.  You will regret it.  Also, I advise against trying to determine what it is by smell.  Try not to touch it either and, if you accidentally do, get to the cesspool (see below) as quickly as possible to try and wash it off your hands.  Or pour straight Everclear from the bar on the affected area (do a shot while you're at it) to sanitize it.  If the greasy stuff gets on your clothes, just burn them later.  It will be best for all of us that you NOT take them back to Goodwill.    If the TV is on some garbage show and there's no music, DO NOT ask to change the channel.  You will not easily receive further sweet sweet PBRs.   Just go over to the BOMB ASS jukebox which has every fucking song ever made by every artist (except Bieber, they deleted that shit thankfully) and feed it dolla dolla bills y'all to drown out the shitty TV that's as old as some of the patrons.   Nothing like pissing off the natives!   If you happen to sit next to Santa (well, the older, sadder version at least), make an effort to chat him up.  Anybody who refuses to let a wheelchair and an oxygen tank deter him from getting shit faced has to be an interesting guy, right?Yes, when visiting the men's room, you can put money in a box on the wall, and instead of getting ribbed for her pleasure XXL sized condoms or a nice fake tat or a bouncy ball, you'll receive a photo with porn on it.  Fantastic!  Who replenishes the supply of porn photos?  Is this shit printed by somebody at home and cut into little cards to go into the dispenser?  Who the fuck knows, just do it.   After taking a moment to enjoy your wallet sized porn, BE CAREFUL.  When navigating the disgusting, vomit spattered, bacteria infested cesspool of a "bathroom", watch out for the drain in the floor.   I SWEAR TO GOD that accidentally stepping in that hole will cause you to fall A) to your death, B) straight to hell or C) to China.   And while you're on your way you'll pick up about 30 diseases and probably get shit on you.   Literally shit.    IMHO, all of the above makes this a dive bar worth checking out.   I mean, let's face it, there are not a lot of bars in town where you can be surprised at the stark lack of bikinis anywhere in the vicinity, easily be injured, infected, die and get your car stolen or molested all in the same night.   Add on top of that the approximately $3 PITCHERS of sweet sweet PBR that you just pick up and drink straight out of, that their 1940's era liquor license allows them to sell you booze to go (yes you can buy an entire bottle of booze there and take it with you) and the fact that the building is probably one microburst away from falling down, and you've got a winner in your hands.   BIKINI LOUNGE FTW!
5	My favorite dive bar in Phoenix!!  The first time i went, the older woman behind the bar was not exactly friendly, but not rude either.  The next time she recognized me and warmed up a bit.  Now i always look forward to Wesley's warm welcome.  She is awesome, pours the best drinks and keeps the randoms in check.  The place has probably not been redecorated since the 50's.  The crowd is a mixture of artists, hipsters and locals.  Everyone is friendly and there for a good time.  I have met many cultured, well read and well traveled people.  No pretension, no attitude.  Just fun.I love Tuesday nights there.  Djentrification plays a mix of all types of music and if you watch him at work, you will understand his amazing dj skills.  I have seen place packed with people dancing everywhere including the tables.  A blast!!I highly recommend this place to any music and art lover wanting to make new friend or to just dance the night away.
3	The music on Tuesdays is....interesting. The bathrooms are disgusting and the the bartenders aren't what you would expect. But give it a chance, good people frequent and the beer specials are on point.
5	Oldest bar in Phoenix. Been here sence '47. First had a beer here in Sept '72. Hip people, good vibe and live music on Sunday!
1	Service was horrific. Don't expect courteous bar tenders. They must not be working for tips because they couldn't give an ef less about any thing other than playing their own video poker or having a smoke break. You're more of an inconvenience to them than a customer. I'm referring specifically to the older woman and her daughter. Once again, horrific service! Blatantly bad.
3	The diviest of dive bars. Cheap drinks and good tunes. This place draws in everyone from hipsters to the homeless. I like the very cheap drinks but I don't like getting crop dusted all night so I don't come here too often. But great for a cheap night out!
4	If your looking for a great dive bar with character this is the spot.  Great beers, cheap drinks, live music, art from local artist.  What more could you ask for.
4	Great dive bar.  Complete with surly barmaid.  Awesome chintzy tiki decor.  The smell if stale beer hits you at the door and the stools are lovingly duct taped. Cash only. *muah*
4	It's a 50 year old dive bar. I have to say for being that old it's pretty clean. If your looking for somewhere downtown to have a drink go check it out. I thought it was closed when we 1st got there so don't be fooled. The bartenders been there 30 years. You can shoot pool for free.
4	Great place to chill and drink some brews with friends!The people who work there were great!They have good music and great atmosphere.Also they have a pool table! Which is a plus in my behalf. Definitely will come here again!
5	I desperately miss this place. I used to live right up the road from this dank, dismal, wonderful establishment but moved to Cleveland and just cannot find anything else that compares.I never saw more than one person working there, that one person being a short woman with few teeth and a hoarse voice from too many years of chain smoking unfiltered cigarettes.. She was never what I would call friendly but she poured a hell of a cocktail and I never paid more than $5 for a drink.Free pool on Sundays and Mondays and a jukebox that holds every song you could ever want to hear. Live music several nights a week. With Trunk Space being right next door there is a seemingly never ending parade of hipster scum but that makes for the BEST people watching.The entire building is as big as a 3 car garage and it probably hasn't been cleaned since the start of the millennium but really who cares.. You aren't there to rub your naked body on any surface (hopefully) so I mean, don't stick your fingers in your mouth and hover when you pee and you'll survive the night not having contracted Hep C.. If you were looking for clean and classy then you're on the wrong side of 7th ave.The beer is cold, prices are low, service is prompt. There will never be any dive bar that compares.
2	I dig dive bars but this spot is nasty.  Lots of fans keep the stale, something's not right here, air blowing.  My drink tasted off.  Worst of all, false advertising, no bikinis in sight.  Bar tender was pleasant and drink prices were reasonable so they get 2 stars but that's pushing it.
2	I'm a big tiki culture fan. Walking in side I got stoked the place looks like a tiki bar. I approached the bar asked for my favorite tiki drink the "painkiller" the bar keep didn't know what it was. I asked for a drink menu.  No drink menu. I asked if he could make a tiki drink. His reply was baffling "we're a dive bar bro" ok. So basically it's a tiki bar that serves beer. Weird right.  If you have the theme why not make the drinks? Just saying.
5	Ghgt
2	Ugh. Really? 4 stars? I've wanted to come here a long time... now I don't really want to come back for a long time. I wouldn't have a problem with this place if it were cheap, but I got their mai tai (out of a bucket) and it cost 6$. I can go to bitter and twisted and get a handcrafted cocktail for 6$ on happy hour (not like you can compare the bars, but that's the point). Further, my friend and I's drinks had barely any alcohol in it (you could see when looking at the jug'o'mai tai that most of the alcohol had separated to the top... not cool). Plus cash only? ugh. I can't see myself coming back here anytime soon.
5	It's a Phoenix institution. It's one of the last of the great and genuine American dive bars. I would put it next to Archie's in Chicago in that category. The cocktails are cheap. The ambiance is dark, red, vintage, and brooding, in the best way. This is an old school tiki bar, one of the oldest operating tiki bars in the country, from what I understand. In the afternoon and early evening this is a genuine dive bar, with the Moe's-esque clientele to match. Sometime around 7:30 it becomes a hipster bar(though you can still find a one armed pool hustler waiting for a game, if that's what you're into). If you like Pulp Fiction, you have to come here. If you don't, well, you aren't cool, and you wouldn't like it, so, ya know, step off. You've lost you're LA privileges.
3	I came here a while ago with two of my friends. It's a nice little dive bar with a great atmosphere. The booth seats were a little tore up but I guess that's what gives it it's charm and appeal. When we went there wasn't a lot of people but I can tell on Friday or Saturday it can get really cramped. The DJ that night started of playing really good music but then he started to experiment and it got way too loud and really weird. Not a bad place for a good drink with friends but not at the top of my list.
4	If you are a hipster and like PBR this place is for you. Bikini Lounge is the definition  a dive bar where you go there for the cheap drinks and not the atmosphere.   Also a fun place to hang out at after walking around First Friday.
3	There are times where you just can't seem to find the energy to get fancy looking for a night out, but you really don't want to stay in. If you're looking to relax, have a cheap drink, meet some down to earth folks, and play some pool then this is where you need to be. The bartender is the coolest little lady I've ever met. Told me all about the joint. I wish I could share but after a few drinks well I forgot! But go on in and ask for yourself!! Don't forget to bring cash!
3	Bikini is a nice little cash only dive bar with a long history.  The music is usually too loud to have a decent conversation, there is only one pool table and most the time I've been it's pretty packed.  If you're looking for inexpensive drinks and a very interesting mix of patrons give them a visit.
