3	A place called "Honey Pig," how can you not like it?!  We've been on a mission to try out this Korean restaurant after passing by and seeing heaping piles of food being grilled in the center of the tables.Last night, with a party of five, we finally had a chance.  We knew right away it was best to get a combo - so #2 Honey Pig Combo for $59.99 it was.  It's meant for about three to four people, so we figured we could add more later on.  It comes with Korean Pork, Beef Prime, Neck Flesh of Pork, Hot Baby Octopus, Seafood Bean Paste Soup, Fried Rice, and either 1 bottle of Soju or Korean Beer.After putting in our order, the waiter came back with iced Korean tea.  This was actually the first time I have ever seen the tea served on ice and it was very refreshing.  Something so nice needs to be served in tall glasses instead of small regular tea cups.About nine different banchan was brought over, which included cabbage kim chee, bean sprouts, cucumber kim chee, green onion salad, fish cake, tiny fish, raw garlic, sliced jalapenos, pickled daikon, a bean dipping paste, and my favorite - sesame oil with Korean salt.  He only brought over one dish of each, so we were soon requesting refills on just about everything.The raw foods were soon to arrive and the waiter laid out the beef and pork onto the hot wok-like grill in the center.  He also added some bean sprouts and cabbage to the middle.  As we waited for our meat to cook, we dove into the banchan.  We also asked about the rice, which he then brought over five bowls of steamed white rice ($2/each).As we devoured our meat and our grill became empty, we sat around wondering about our octopus.  It was sitting in a bowl on the next table, but we weren't sure what to do next since they had shut our fire off.  When we finally got their attention, they asked if we wanted our bill.  We asked about the octopus, and only then did he realize that it was still sitting raw on the next table.  So, he turned on the grill and cooked the octopus.  The BF asked about the soup, and only then did the waiter ask if we wanted our fried rice.  (Uh...yeah!)  We were quite bothered by this since they were already asking us if we wanted to pay and we hadn't received half of our meal still!  The fried rice was also added to the grill and we got two bowls of the soup to share amongst us.We really enjoyed the food - it was tasty, great flavor, and just a good meal overall.  4 stars for food.The service on the other hand is what makes me frustrated.  We were forgotten about, and I'm not sure if it's because we were in the corner or what.  We always had to ask about getting our tea refilled, and when we asked if we could just have the pitcher, they said no. (They only had one pitcher!)  I asked for more napkins, which never arrived until I asked again.  The different waiters would come by and shut the heat off before our food was cooked and it was just so hard to get their attention.  (One waiter finally mentioned that they were understaffed with only three waiters that night.  They just looked unorganized.)  We finally said we were ready for the check, which also took forever to come!  (Did they want us to pay or not?)  2 stars for the service.I'm used to getting shikhye at the end of the meal, but they didn't have it here either!  Argh!I definitely want to go back, but I can only hope the service will be a lot better the next time!  (And I'm sure we're going to bring a larger party the next time we come too!)Sidenote: They offer a 20% from 10 pm to 8 am.  Are they open 24 hours then?  I'm not sure! (You can find pics of our dinner in the business profile!)
4	Ok, well I'll try to be impartial even though this is my friend's restaurant.  The service is very friendly, however, just getting to order seemed to take a bit.  Yet from there, the service gets a lot better.  They're always on hand, and they were so kind to take our requests.  I have to say, there wasn't that many side dishes served like I read in Teri C's review.  The sangchu and pa (green onion and lettuce salad) had too much green onion in it.  It sort of wanted to make my eyes tear up.  The sam gyup sal (three layered pork, resembles a huge bacon) and this type of kalbi sal (the kalbi with the bone at the end) tasted really good.  They insisted that we eat the kalbi first though then the fried rice (actually it's fried bibim bbap) which we didn't understand.  Should be able to eat it at the same time if you wanted.  Well they cook it on a brazier.  They also serve beer here.  Plenty of room, and overall I was satisfied.
4	It's lots of Korean BBQ food that you cook yourself so since 20% discount after 10 pm, I went for the first time.  One meat dish was enough for 2 & was splendidly tasty & whatever the 2 of us didn't eat, I took home for the next few days.  They also serve you a family style salad, the small plates of pickles, lots of beansprouts & kim chi on the grill.  I declined the rice since it's too much carb stuff.   At that late time, they were about 65% occupied with sev'l large groups, some family, others friends.  The male waiter did seem absent minded & had no name tag.  (He who shall go nameless).
4	I've been jonesing for some korean BBQ since i got here so we decided to check this plate out.  This place holds its own, and the wait staff was slightly better than other BBQ's (i'm looking at you SSGS)  i've been to.  The side dishes were minimal, as we got fish, potatoes and radishes.  I guess not every place can be like SSGS and empty out the fridge and serve 40 side dishes.We ordered Honey Pig Combo #2 and an order of kalbi.  The bacon, prime beef and kalbi were all great.  But what surprised me was how good the vegetables were...the onion and the bean sprouts were awesome.  Piping hot bean sprouts was my favorite.  And i'm not gonna lie, i dipped it in the fat and leftover kalbi grease. mmmmmShots of sake were sprinkled throughout the night, so this review my be spiked with some cold sake.  What can i say, sake makes me biased.  I was disappointed we never got soup, but overall the place was solid.  Not the best i've had, but above average for sure.
5	I've been looking for AUTHENTIC Korean food ever since I arrived in Las Vegas three years ago....the other night I found it.I was sitting in my living room drinking Vodka and watching Anthony Bourdain travel to Seoul. He ended up in a barbecue pork restaurant and I got crazy watching. I've lived and worked in South Korea for since 1971 and sometimes I NEED some Korean food. So anyway, there was Bourdain drinking SoJu and eating pork and I just had to have some. It was about 12:30 am and I stumbled into Honey Pig. I left about an hour later a very happy guy.Honey Pig is authentic as it gets. So many Korean "barbecue"  restaurants in the US "westernize" their food that I'm often disappointed. There's great Korean in LA and NY but here in Vegas you never know what you're going to get.Give me pork or beef on a hot grill, Chi-ge and SoJu and I'm happy, happy, happy. When the food and atmosphere remind me of some of the wonderful late night places I've enjoyed over the years in Seoul and I'm ecstatic. I went back to Honey Pig today for lunch just to make sure I wasn't too drunk to really judge last time. I wasn't mistaken. The Nang Myun (cold noodles in broth) and Kalbi were delicious.If you're in Vegas and hungering for Korean food anytime of the day or night (they are open 24 hours a day) don't hesitate to try Honey Pig.
4	A satellite location to the one in LA. This place is your typical Korean BBQ joint that specializes in pork and pork by products! Hence the name "Honey Pig." So, if for whatever reason, you can't part-take in pork or pork by products, this is not the place for you. But for the rest of us who can! Talk about a nice change of pace in terms of the "other" white meat! Pork  at times is given such a bad name in terms of being called unhealthy, fatty, swine, and etc. It was really nice to see a place that specialized it this forgotten meat. The meat was pretty good! All of it was nicely seasoned and a nice variety given. There was thinly sliced pork belly, marinated pork short ribs, marinated pork rib eye, and beef short ribs/kali be. The side dishes/Ban-chans' were pretty good, with the most flavor going to the traditional kim chee and the spicy cucumber dish. And just like a traditional Korean BBQ joint, a mixed vegetable bi bim bop is made for you at the end of the meat course. ummm... goes perfectly with some So Ju!Enjoy
4	This place is open super late.  They do close depending on the season according to the people working there.  I can't really give an objective opinion about the service because we were the only ones there at 12am.  The service was good.  The food was very tasty expect for the fried rice which comes last.  When you order the pork (bacon), they fry it up in front of you.  It's serviced with different vegetables and soup.  Then at the end, they use the same "pan" to fry up some rice.  I guess everything else was so good that the fried rice couldn't stand up.  But the soju made up for what the fried rice was lacking.  This place is good for late night munchies.
4	Food is good they serve rice last which is odd, Typical asians usually eat the side dishes along with the rice. Over all service is good. Staff is friendly. .
4	so the place is open 24/7 seriously. thats awesome... i went with my family and we had a good time. the kids really enjoyed it as the big grill in front of us was filled with insane amounts of meats. pork belly, steak, squid, kim chi, .... i have no clue what else we ate. the party of 8 was fed to the max with good flavors and the fried rice at the end with the pan flavors was just nice. btw the soup is SPICY, i've warned you. i can totally picture myself dragging all my friends here when i'm in vegas with them sick of the high cuisine and michelin stars, this is a nice little spot, open late, beer and food. what more can you ask for? the combos seems to please everyone's palate and thats what i like. the service was nice and helpful. i also like that i didnt have to cook anything, they make it for you and you just stare and salivate.. but all in all a good experience. i'll be coming back. so eat pork and prosper.
1	I dunno... I loved their LA store.  This one in Vegas, though, is like the LA restaurant's forgotten (disowned) little brother with drug and gambling problem.  Where do I begin? The service was not rude, just nonexistent.  The food was overcooked (I couldn't help but think that the two are correlated).  We never got the refill of the tea despite the waitress' acknowledgment of our multiple requests.  The meat was tasteless.  And by God, it's the Vegas strip price at $28 per person. Remind me to never go off the strip in Vegas again.  Unless we're going to Rehab at the Hard Rock Hotel.
3	The first couple times we came here, we loooved it! We get the package deal that comes with beer/sake, pork, squid, soup, fried rice, etc for 4. A few times they let us substitute the pork with beef and YUM YUM. I think the pork is what they are known for, but it is such a fatty bacon. Once they no longer let us substitute it, we stopped coming here. We particularly like the sliced garlic with the bean paste to dip the meat in, and how they cook the kim chee and bean sprouts on the grill too. I love how they cook the fried rice at the end, it's so unique because I have never seen another place cook it this way. The fried rice is mixed with all the leftover meat so it gets extra good flavor. It comes to about $20-30 a person for a lot of food!
2	Open 24hrs. Came in @ 9pm on a friday night and there were 4 tables occupied. Parents&I ordered the B menu? I wasn't hungry so they just chose. Anyways it came with octopus and gogi, kongnamul(bean sprouts?), kimchi and they fry everything with rice at the end for you. I think the difference between A and B was that A came with chadol. I thought the size was a bit small for 2 people. I mean the Buena Park location gives you enough so you have leftovers but they were pretty scarce though I understand that times are tough. Anyways the workers are not very bright, so don't expect to be heartily welcomed and tended to. Food was OK. not great. Oh and some comfortable chairs would be nice.
5	I think it's funny how close the Yelpers around here come to running into each other we ate here on the 1st. I really enjoyed Honey Pig opposed to a couple of the posts I thought the staff was very friendly and accommodating. The food was really solid as Misti and Jae said it'sa great deal (5pm-10pm). I think my only gripe would be more variety of pickled goodies though by the time I thought to ask for more I was already deep into a Meat Coma. Well done Honey Pig.
5	WHY isn't this place 5 stars from everyone?  I pay taxi fare everytime I goto vegas just because the food is AMAZING.  The samgyupsaal here with the bokeumbaap is probably my favorite dish in the world.  Go here around 4 am and see the working girls come in with their "oppas" and other club girls that just got out of "work."  Who doesn't like entertainment with their food?  Everyone must go.
5	Wow... their food is really, I mean really good.I've tried their spicy cold noodles (BeeBim Neng-Myun), marinated beef ribs (LA Kalbi), soft tofu stew (SoonDooBoo), KimChi Stew(Jjigae), Pan-fried Mackerel (go deung uh).Everything was delicious and the server lady was very sweet.If you want an authentic Korean meal, this is a place to try~
4	A few of us went to Honey Pig last night and we had a great time minus the fact that it took our waitress 20 minutes to approach our table. We did the $20 AYCE of course and it did not disappoint. We didn't do anything too crazy... just the bulgogi, pork belly, short rib, chicken and octopus. Personally I think there just were not enough banchan and our waitress did not refill our bean sprouts even once. Also, I've been to the Honey Pig in LA and they serve the sweet rice at the end which I enjoyed quite a bit. Vegas Honey Pig didn't do that. Not sure if they generally don't or just forgot with us. My husband enjoyed Honey Pig and we will definitely go back again soon but not without taking him to the LA location first.Mmmmm piggies...
3	The food is awesome here, but the service is horrible.  I used to go here late night with my restaurant co-worker girlfriends after work and the ladies that work here are total byotches.  It seemed like they were annoyed that we were coming in at 3 am...but they are open 24 hrs, so what's the big deal?  Don't they want to make money?  They looked at me and my friend like we were insane when we ordered a soju AND beer.  They never brought the beer because that was just too much alcohol for two skinny white girls I guess.  Also, never order wine here...not sure what I was thinking...it tasted like pickle juice.  Stick with the Hite.  Anyhow, so me and my earlier mentioned skinny white drinking buddy went in here one eve with our gorgeous husbands and the ladies were totally nice to us, so the guys didn't believe our stories of rude waitresses.  Needless to say, I am a glutton for punishment, as long as the food is delicious.  I don't care about having good service as long as the food is cheap and great.  If it was expensive, I would expect a little more ass kissing.
5	UPDATE: 8/16/2010:I went there again this past weekend and just a side note on the fried rice served at the end.The first time I went, I had a friend who was Korean and I think we got the rice complimentary because of him. But this time, we had no-one with us that was Korean (or who spoke Korean), so I had to ask for the rice at the end of the meal. I think it is an additional cost, but well worth it. Remember to leave some room at the last for the rice!-----------------------------Korean BBQ... When I say that I think of the open grill and cooking all the meat I can. But Honey Pig is different. Honey pig gives you this large pot that looks like an inverted wok sitting over a wok style gas burner. What happens at this BBQ house is that the meat is cooked on this "dome".We just ordered the "all you can eat" choice, I think it was $20 per person (or maybe $25) I can't remember. You can also eat ala carte and they have a bunch of other menu choices.The AYCE choice starts you off with with kim chee dishes and kim chee and sprouts on the "grill" then the meat comes. We had pork and beef. Oh, they also give you a salad type item, but that is best used for a base to eat the grilled meat...You cook the beef and eat up, use the "salad", kim chee and sprouts as a base to eat with your meat selections and go to town! After you are almost full, tell the wait staff you are done.They will then bring some rice over and put it on the grill, anything left on the grill gets' mixed up in the rice and cooked. Leave the rice on the grill until it cooks up and gets a good crust on the bottom. I equate this to the burnt rice chinese grandma's make. Once the rice is ready, just eat up and fill your belly the rest of the way up. I think in hindside, we'd have ordered a little more meat and get it grilling before asking for the rice. (giving the rice more meat)... hee hee...Grilling the food this way still produces smoke, but not as much smoke as other Korean BBQ places you're used to going to...If you plan on going to this place before going out, don't wear your clubbing wear here. go back home and change. But if you're just going back to the smokey casinos, then come as you are.Enjoy!
4	All You Can Eat awesomeness for only $20 a head.  I'm from San Jose, CA and it gets pretty damn pricey for All You Can Eat Korean BBQ.  Being in Vegas, don't come here right before a night out or you'll smell like food the whole night.  Come here strictly for eating.  All you can eat is now for a limited time during the evening so make sure you check first.  But this place is still good to order off the menu.  But if you're hungry....go during All You Can Eat hours....SUPER worth it.My boyfriend and my homies came here this past weekend and I treated for Mother's Day.  It was definitely worth it at $20 per person because we ate A LOT.  We ordered like 5 orders of beef tongue, 2 orders of pork belly, 1 order of roast beef, 1 order of BBQ ribs, 2 order thinly sliced beef, and we even got the small calf intestines.    Everything tasted good.  All the meat was flavorful, was well marinated, and easy to cook.  They help you out in the beginning, but while you're sitting there, you get to finish off the cooking yourself. I don't recommend the roast beef though because its cubed.  I like thin sliced.  Faster to cook and tastes way better.The salad, kim chi, sprouts, and other side dishes were all good too.  Be careful though, they can make you full.  But the salad is yummy...no need for rice!Come here in a group.  It is a fun and interacitve  dining experience that should be shared among good people on a good night for good vibes!
4	Ohhh-Myyyy-Gaaaaaaaaaah.Forget "Pho Kim Long," this is the new must eat after drunken debauchery late night eats. Open 24 hours and all you can eat for $20. Are you effing kidding me???Sure, it isn't as fun as saying you're going to "pho kim long" after the club but, whatevers....you just spend $$$ at the club and you're hungry....this is a good place to save some money and eat your drunken little heart out on KBBQ.You feel fat, bloated, and hungover in the morning but, isn't that what Vegas is really about? YES, it is. Thank you!
4	I don't think their is a place where you can get Korean BBQ as authentic as this. It was very helpful to go with a friend that could speak Korean to the waitress. I ordered alot of meat ( Beef & pork ) and the grilled KimChi was really good too. The Egg soup was unexpectedly light and fluffy, different that anything that I have ever had before. Overall it was a great experience, great meal. I have been to the one in Annondale , MD but this was different cause it was at 10:30 at night and we were the only ones their so I didn't have to breath in cigarette smoke while I ate and we had the full attention of the waitress.
5	Went here for Memorial weekend with my wife and mannnnn we loved it. This was the best KBBQ pork I have ever had. My wife is Korean and she wanted to go here over the buffets in any casino. This is a must see, worth the price and open 24hrs!!!
3	This place was okay.  I've definitely had better Kbbq tho. The meat just didn't have very much flavor to it and it also had LOTS of fat (more than usual). The condiments were also pretty bland which I'm not used to.The only thing I really like about this place was the ambiance and set up. The service kinda lacked. It seemed like they picked out favorite customers and attended to them rather than everyone as a whole. They sat us in the back where the light was broken, so we could hardly see the food.The food was okay, but nothing I would come back again for.+3 for the ambiance-2 for the service and food quality
3	3.5 stars.  I prefer going here over Kaya or Woo-che for sure though if I'm doing AYCE on Spring Mountain.  My wife and I just get continuous doses of the beef tongue, pork belly (my fav) and the marinated beef.  I also love the grilled kimchi and bean sprouts. Wash that all down w/ Hite beer and there's a great Korean party going on in my stomach.I'm taking a half star off for the service but it wasn't that big of a detterant.  It just could've been better.
5	YUUUMMMMYYY IN MY TUMMMYYYY!!ook. so Woo Che has been on my #1 Korean food place for the last year. As of today, i must say Honey pig bbq is now my #1. I can NOT believe that i have passed by this place blindly for over a year and only now...just wow!!!First off, their food quality is AMAZING. I haven't had Kimchi Chigae (Kimchi stew) like that in over 7 years. Meat quality for yakiniku was good also. They do offer lunch and Dinner "All you can eat" specials. as well as ala carte platters for the grill. Don't forget to wash down that bbq with some SOJU! oh YUM YUM. Nothing better than some good bbq and drinks to end your day after work or to crave that hunger monster after a good night out on the strip and clubs!!! the best part???? OPEN 24 HOURS! what? for realS? OH YEAAA!
4	with less than 39 reviews so far as of aug 1 2010, this joint has to be categorized as a hidden gem because of it's value and quality. you're getting a 40 dollar combo dinner with pork belly, octopus, all the korean fixins, soup, fried rice and a bottle of free beer.  u can share that with 3-4 people, or 2 people but pretty much guarantee u wont finish.  also, the fried rice comes at the end and it's made on the inverse grill by the waitress, this is very good cuz the rice is mixed in with all the fat from the meats (kinda deglazes and soaks in everything into the rice)Just want to add that they're not affiliated with the honey pig in LA.  the one in LA is not as great (both quality and value).sidenote: you can cut and cook the meat urself but i would let the waitress do all the work since they're paid and tipped to do this.
3	For $14 bucks you can't expect any better quality. The reason why they did not get the 2 additional stars is because they did not have rice paper! When we demanded some, they brought out a small plate and said this is it. The second reason is because we didn't get the fried rice at the end. Granted, we already had 9 plates of meat between four guys, but still.. It's principle!  I'll be back tho. Btw, the owner needs more workers.. I felt bad for the only server there.
3	Definitely not the place to go if you're by yourself.  I came in just for soft tofu soup and their only choices were kimchi and seafood.  The server argued that seafood is better than beef or pork, but I will have to disagree with on that point since shrimp are not peeled in Korean style dishes (Honey Pig is no exception) and there is little other meat in seafood.  The taste of the actual soup broth was good, the price was about $10, and the ban chahn was sufficient (not generous, but not completely lacking).  I actually wanted some kalbi, but it made little sense to shell out $23 for one person.  The menu really did not have any reasonably priced a la carte options.
1	Wow the service here sucks. I really need to be Korean to get anything around here. I had to ask for my banchan to be brought......... really?  I thought it's gratuitously given without question.  Other than that, service was nonexistent for the rest of the night.  You are forewarned.  Don't come here if you don't speak Korean.Updated: Angry and confused, I left $0 tip for the sub-sub-par service with a note saying "Thank you for your service".  As I was leaving the restaurant, the waiter came running out screaming "Sir, you didn't leave tip".  I kindly asked him rhetorically "Well....how much do you think the tip should be?"  In a swift motion, while running back into the store he said "You can just keep it".  And so I did.
2	If I could, I would have actually given this place a 2.5 star. I've recently moved to Vegas from SoCal, the mecca of all really good ethnic food, in search for a good Korean BBQ.  This restaurant only offers pork (hence Honey Pig) and I think some seafood. My fiance and I have only tried the pork and squid combo. If you're in the mood for pork belly, pork whatever and seafood this is the place for you. Warning, the service can be slow and for those that like to eat rice WITH your meals (as do most normal people do), expect your rice to come at the end. And from what we were told, the beef tongue is not available during the weekday. Was I bummed, yes.
1	The bbq is very good, but the service is horrible. They won't tend to you if you're not Korean. I thought it was a figure of my imagination when it happen the first 2 times I went, but nope. The third and last time I ate there was for my dad's birthday. We walked in and was waiting 10 mins because the restaurant looked busy. Another group walked in after that (who were Korean), and the server finally looks over and I told her party of 4. She ignores me and takes the group of 8 behind me. I looked at her in disbelief confronted her that we were waiting first. She finally seats us next to the door. Then they made us wait 20 minutes before giving us a menu and asking what we would like to drink. I will never go back. JIN MEE's restaurant is way better!!!
4	Overall, I like Honey Pig.  I have wanted to try this place several times, but like a lot of the restaurants I eventually tried it is all about timing.Anyway, I went with a fellow Yelper to Honey Pig for dinner.  He wasn't too hungry and settled for something from the soup menu, but what we were hoping to order was some good olf fashion traditional Bibimbap (which was not on their menu). After debating if I was hungry enough to order AYCE or try to find something that appeals to me from the rest of the menu, I went for the dinner AYCE.There are 2 items that you can only order once (basically the short rib meat that has been filet, so no bones to deal with and some other cut of meat which I can't recall at the moment).  And they have everything you cam order from the lunch AYCE plus (....)For one person, I think HP's AYCE setup is not really to my liking.  You basically order everything by the dish (same arrangement as Tofu House), and not like Wooche or Sura (you get a plate and load up on whatever suits your fancy). And it is hard to finish everything on a plate by plate basis as a lone AYCE diner, unless you have a voracious appetite like mine. Even then it was really pushing it to try and sample everything.Hopefully next time I will be back with a group, so we can divide and conquer and try each and every item, including the 2 that were unavailable when I went.Pluses:  1) If you are lazy or prefer to have your food cooked for you, this is the place.  The waitresses can do all the cooking and you can concentrate on the eating.2) Very good exhaust system. No worries about coming out smelling like BBQ. Very helpful if you are here for lunch and have to go back to work for a few more hours.3) Reasonable price, food overall is good.4) The special metal pan used for BBQ is pretty cool, and food does not really stick to it.Undecided:1) Their Teriyaki Chicken does not taste like what you would think a Teriyaki Chicken to taste like (after it is cooked).  It is basically a spicy Korean interpretation, which is okay. I might like it more if it is called something else.Minuses:1) They were out of some items on their AYCE menu.2) 2 items are limited to 1 order.Location: Very convenient for those that can get to the Chinatown area on Spring Mountain. In the same strip mall as Pho So 1, WooChe and Big Lot.  With plenty of parking, although the closest ones may not be readily available when you go during mainstream lunch and dinner times and also on weekends.They are open 24 hours, but AYCE is only available during certain hours (for dinner it ends by 10pm).4 Yelp stars for me.  Looking to go back again, maybe with more seasoned Honey Pig veterans.
1	I am Korean and I came to this place and it sucks. If I can give this place negative stars, I would!! First, the service sucks. I came in with 7 people and ordered the 90 dollar combo. BEWARE!!! when you order from this place make sure you get ALL your items. First, the waitress tried to give us the check not even giving us all our items we ordered. I confronted her kindly about it, and she got mad at us. She told us fine it will come out and yells in korean to the cook to make it. I say, if you are going to talk crap in Korean, make sure the customer your talking crap about isn't Korean. After she gives us our food that we ordered she gives me the bill. FAIL AGAIN! She over charged me and so when I confronted her about the bill, she asked me if I had a local ID? I didnt know that if I wasn't local, I would be charged more? I showed a local ID and she fixed the bill. It gets better after this! She tells us to hurry and give her the check cause they are closing... UM.... I didn't know 24 hour places closed..... Maybe they should put the sign to say 23 hours or 22 hours?? And the front door clearly indicates that the place is 24 hours. So, Here comes the tip portion of my bill. First of all, I tip 20 percent if deserved. This ape of a waitress didn't deserve anything after being so rude to all of us. I was kind enough to tip 13 percent because we didn't believe that she deserved even 15 percent. Not only that, she was standing next to me the whole time watching me put the tip.She saw how much tip we gave her, and she told me to give her more tip. I was in so much shock that I didn't know what to say! She told me that she wanted at least 18 percent considering that she served all of us plus she gave us a "discount." I THINK NOT! i flat out told her that it wasn't a discount, its the menu price. You overcharged us and I asked to give us the right price, so technically thats not a discount. Oh and the place is a library atmosphere FYI. Apparently, we irritated her by talking too loud and to lower our voices. This is at midnight, and nobody is there except the waitress and a couple. What is more disturbing than ever was that after we ate, they thought that extra protein is a good thing, because we saw cockroaches on the floor as well. It doesn't matter if you are Korean or not, they don't discriminate on horrible service. If you want horrible service and not all the food you ordered, and loved to be pressured into giving tip, Come to this place! I know we are in a recession and going through rough times, but this place takes the recession to a whole new level!!!
5	I've been going there since they opened..everytime we go there, we have really good time and food!It's hard to find a good meat restaurant in Vegas but this place is always good to go.I like their combo specials..very good price and enough food for everyone..And even they have special happy hour price for after hour. $9.99 for crazy BBQ...which I think it's the best price for BBQ in Vegas.Good food! Good Time!
5	I love Honey Pig. I went there today with my boyfriend and my white/italian friend.(I wanted to see if they would treat us differently since I'm Korean but can't really speak Korean and people wrote so many reviews about them being rude to Non-Koreans).All three of us got the All-You-Can-Eat for dinner.We had:-Pork Belly (my fave)-Thin Sliced beef-Marinated Beef-Short Rib-Spicy Chicken-Spicy OctopusThe waitress was extremely nice although I was expecting the opposite. She explained how to order the meat (From non-marinated to marinated)to get the best flavor out of everything we chose.  So we started with the pork and sliced beef since those aren't marinated.The waitress gave us more service than I HAVE EVER SEEN in ANY other Korean restaurant. (By the way, just because you're Korean doesn't mean they always respect you as one, I've had been treated terribly at several Korean restaurants).She cut our meat for us and cooked it.She explained that most patrons that eat there aren't exactly sure when it's completely cooked or not so she would cook it for us and come by and tell us when it's done or almost done.She offered... OFFERED EXTRA SIDE DISHES, SALAD, RICE, AND SOUP. (It's rare to be offered, most of the time you have to ask for more)My friend absolutely looooved the food here and so did I.But my biggest reason for eating here is: The quality of meat is way better than other places I've seen, especially for the price.And I'm from Cali so I've had some of the best Korean food there is.. in LA and all over the place.OVERALL : A well-deserved 5 Stars
4	My boyfriend has frequent this place whenever he was in town with his crew.  He had finally took me to this treasure two weekends ago.I wish he brought me here earlier!We did the All-You-Can-Eat lunch for $12.95. We had pork belly [you have to get this.  HAVE TO!], pork neck, marinated pork, et cetera.  It was greasy Korean BBQ heaven! The meat was so fresh and everything was marinated to perfection.  Service was amazing and Honey Pig has ruined all Arizona Korean BBQ for me.  Although consuming all that grease before a five-hour drive back home wasn't the smartest thing I've done during my weekend trip to Vegas, it was well worth coughing up my lungs for three hours!
4	Noticed this place as I was leaving Pho So 1 (same strip mall, like 100 feet away). Plus, they had a banner advertising their AYCE dinner special for $20Came with a group of friends and family one night Really Hungry! Place was Nice, Server was very attentive and found us a table right away. We placed our orders and the server was prompt bringing their many side dishes (traditional korean). Also, brought us their Iced Korean Tea that was pretty darn refreshing!What got all the attention:Thin Sliced Beef: Super Fresh, Deli Slice Thin, Well marlbled and High Quality that you can Taste!Pork Belly: Thick Bacon Like Strips that had the right amount of fat and meat to give it that good natural pork flavorBBQ Ribs: Came bathed in Marinade, Quite Tender and was Pleasing*Server not only serves the meats/orders, they prep and cook the food for you table side! They have this dome, looks like an upside down Wok, placed in the middle of the table and thats where the magic (cooking) happens!A Great Place to have More than Decent Tasting Korean Food, Well Decorated Interior, Nice Servers and Fairly Priced for their Buffet Special..
1	I left cold, hungry and penniless.My friends and I were in the mood for AYCE Koren BBQ and this place was on my must try list.  Upon walking through the door, we were promptly greeted, seated toward the front of the restaurant, received a pitcher of water and a couple menus.  Within minutes we ordered the pork belly, spicy pork belly, kalbi and the boneless sirloin (I forget what it's called) all off the AYCE menu.The waitress came back with our four different banchan, the sirloin and put kim chee, sprouts and pork belly on the grill.  From there it all went downhill...slowly.  We devoured the pork belly, but the lady had turned the fire off so we kind of just sat there wondering what we should do.  Meanwhile, every time people came through the front door, it wouldn't close.  Which meant the frigid night air was blowing right on us and other tables seated near the front.  Without complaining, we kept standing up to close it.  You'd think that after about 20 times of doing this (along with the other table near us) some employee would have seen us and offered to fix it.  But you'd be wrong.  Finally, a nice waitress [the only nice one?] came by and we immediately bombarded her with requests: if she could somehow fix the door; please start the fire again; could we get more food, water and banchan; and we asked for steamed rice.  It took about 15 minutes before ANYONE came within earshot of our table.  Why on earth would it take 15 minutes to get water refilled, let alone more food?  This is a restaurant, right?  They serve food here, right?  Regardless, we were finally able to defrost and we finally had some food and water!  Woo hoo!  Warning: buzz kill coming.  About halfway through the sirloin, we started wondering when the rest of our food was coming.  And we kept wondering until one of my friends stood up, walked to the counter and ASKED for food: kalbi, spicy pork belly and more rice.  Shortly thereafter, the spicy pork arrived...but no rice.  Not so shortly thereafter, my friend had to STAND UP AGAIN AND ASK for the kalbi.  This time we tried to be smart about it and order three orders.  Nope, they said.  We could only have ONE order per table.  Um, hello, the menu does say one order, but it's one per person.  Regardless, we were hungry and tired of waiting so we took what we could get...but no rice.After finishing the one order of kalbi, we still wanted more.  However, having sat there for more than 2 hours and having only four small orders delivered, we were fed up of not being fed.  We were tired, frustrated, cold (they turned off the heat again) and the servers were avoiding eye contact with us.  In fact, they didn't even drop the bill.  We had to walk up to the counter and ASK FOR OUR BILL!!!  Talk about insult to injury!  Having been near the door, we could have just walked out without paying and no one would have noticed us gone.    However, being people of principle, we paid our $60+ dollars for the "food."  Then we left...to go eat somewhere else.  Despite having AYCE, we were STILL HUNGRY!!!
4	We end up here -- in a little restaurant tucked into the corner of strip mall at Spring Mountain & Decatur -- on the suggestion of local food critic John Curtas, whose website http://www.eatinglv.com/ is a must-read for all Las Vegas area foodies.The name of the place is "Korean Honey Pig BBQ," which I find absolutely irresistible in a way that I'm sure I'm supposed to be ashamed about.The 3 of us (Brother Juanito, Don & I) get seated at a small table, the middle of which is taken up by a "panchan," which is essentially a large metal convex cooking surface with a small lip around its edge to keep the food from falling off. Again, following Mr. Curtas's excellent advice, we order the "Honey Pig" package for 3 (total price: $59.99), which comes with a bottle of "soju," a drink which the waitress explains is "Korean vodka".The waitress brings our bottle, turns a tableside knob to heat up our panchan, and, in the time it takes us to pour a round of soju, she starts to pile on the goodness.Within minutes, slabs of beef and pork begin to sizzle as piles of kim-chi and bean-sprouts simmer & steam. Is there a better aroma than that of grilled meats? Small bowls of pickled cucumbers & seaweed, mushrooms, and some kind of slaw are brought as appetizers as we soak in a fragrant cloud of browning awesomeness. The waitress reappears, this time with a pair of tongs in one hand and a pair of scissors in another, and, in mere moments (the time it takes for us to swig another round of soju), our panchan is covered in goodness.We tuck in with gusto. And the flavors are incredible. In a single chopstickful, I manage to wedge a chunk of hot, carmelized pork with a strand of spicy, vinegary kim-chi, and the contrast of flavors makes my tastebuds quiver with delight. Then I try a chunk of barbecued beef coupled with an al-dente-but-sweet piece of onion, followed by a wad of hot bean-sprouts. Again, the flavors are staggeringly pleasurable. Once my eyes roll back into place so I can focus them again, I take another swig of soju and keep eating.Between the 3 of us (not one of whom weighs less than 200 pounds), the panchan is nearly cleared of food when the waitress brings yet more bounty: a pile of octopus that she expertly slices and places at the top-center of the panchan, warning us that "it's not ready yet!"At this point, I am swooning with such paroxysms of gastronomic delight that I forget to snap a picture of this last protein course. It, too, smells amazing as it fries. When the waitress nods to us that it is ready to eat, the 3 of us devour it like rabid dogs. The chewy octopus had been wonderfully marinated so that it is perfectly complemented by just the right amount of acidic, biting chili sauce.But that isn't the end of it! When the waitress (for purposes of this narration, I have conflated 3 or 4 different employees into a single character) notices that we are done with our mains, she turns off the heat and piles a mixture of rice and veggies onto the panchan for a final course -- a little something to stave off the meat comas we are in danger of succumbing to.The rice sizzles slowly, and I remember more advice from the sagely John Curtas, which I will now quote from his excellent website:"If you're patient, the rice will attain that crispy, browned underside that the Spanish call soccarat (when it sticks to the paella pan). Tossed with whatever meat, vegetables or seafood are left on the pan, it becomes something like the ultimate fried rice."I cannot stress enough the importance of following the advice of professionals. We do, and are duly rewarded. When the bill comes, it's for $59.99 and tax, a paltry sum for a meal that stuffed 3 fully-grown men and included a small bottle of vodka.Then comes the surreal climax of the night. As we enjoy the last few bites of this last course of our meal, I turn around in my chair to survey the room. And who do I light upon? The one-and-only John Curtas HIMSELF, seated a couple of tables away, enjoying a meal with 2 guests.We are awestruck, and, after settling up, as Don makes a quick pit-stop, Brother Juan & I approach Mr. Curtas and offer a thanks for the recommendation. He is gracious and very kind, even snapping a picture with us.Thank you, Mr. Curtas, for the recommendation and the warm greeting when we interrupted your meal. Thank you, Korean Honey Pig BBQ, for the incredible culinary experience. We will be back.
4	When my husband said he didn't mind eating Asian food two weeks ago....I totally took advantage of it! This rarely happens so I wanted us to try something new. This is actually the second time I've been to Korean BBQ but I will not count the first time. The first time I went with my friend, her husband and his friends. They were all pretty quick with the chop sticks so I ended up with one asparagus and a sliver of meat. It wasn't the ideal situation. I was intimidated when I first came here because I read in different reviews that we may get ignored because we were not Korean. When we walked in they were very nice and attentive. They put a bunch of different items in front of us that you can use to enhance your meal. I didn't know what half of it was so I tried different things. The waitress cooked our meat (short Rib and Brisket )sprouts, and Kimchee for us. They started us with some Seaweed soup which was a little salty for me . I tried mostly all of the items they put in front of me except for one thing I'm curious about. They looked like wet coffee beans I wanted to try them but didn't so I'll have to try it next time. The meat was really savory and delicious! I enjoyed eating it with steamed rice, the sprouts, and Kimchee. I also ordered some Korean fried rice which is a little different from Chinese fried rice. This fried rice had seaweed and it looked like pieces of romaine lettuce it was different but still good. In order to like this dish you have to appreciate the taste of seaweed. The service was great because they really took care of us and made sure nothing was burning. They also understood that it was our first time so they made the experience delightful!
4	We just got back from dinner at the Honey Pig.I usually require at least 2 meals at a place before I'll write a review, however they impressed me so much I'm writing it after one visit (I have a feeling there will be many more).We arrived at the Honey Pig at 10:15, I asked about the AYCE menu she informed us it stopped at 10, but went to the main counter, asked the manager, and brought us the menu.The AYCE is runs lunch from 11a-3p and dinner runs from 5-10p. There were a few language barriers, as we were the only non-asians in the place. Our server was friendly and ensured we never ran out of food.The menu included about 6 meats, and some sides. The Broccoli and salad were pretty good, and the soup was a nice touch on a cold evening. The meats however were the highlight of the night. We started with some beef, then moved on to pork belly, then the spicy chicken, followed by the marinated sirloin, a helping of bulgogi, and the meal was topped off with the Short Ribs.All of the meats were great, the pork belly, Sirloin, Short Ribs, and Bulgogi, were the highlights for me. The grills were a little small and we really only had one meat cooking at a time, but there was enough to keep us happy while the next meat cooked.I have been to a few KBBQ places before, but this was the first time we had a dedicated server who was cooking the meal (most I've gone to had buffet style meats and you cooked them yourself at the table). We also had a Hite which went well with the meal.I will be going back to Honey Pig, the menu is good, the staff was friendly (even with the language barrier), and the price is hard to beat.I may check out the lunch as it's $5 cheaper and the only things they don't offer are the tongue and the  short ribs.
2	A few friends of mine decided to grab some korean bbq after a night of drinking.  One of our friend suggested that we give Honey Pig a try while the others wanted to go to a different place.  Upon arriving at the store the workers greeted us with a positive vibe, they then proceed to sit us down at table with a giant grill in front.  We ordered their number two which cost about 59.99 or so with a few beers and sodas.  However, even with only three of us eating the food was barely enough to make us full.  I was still very hungry when we asked for the bill.  The check came out to be almost 80 dollars between three people without including tip.  I don't mind paying money for food, but  somehow I feel a bit rip off with they price they charged us.  I understand that if it were dinner time then the price should be a bit on the hefty side.  With all that said and done I wouldn't recommend anyone to go to this place looking for a satisfy meal if you are not willing to shred out 30 or plus bucks.
1	I use to go to K-town all the time in LA and still do when I visit so I know my Korean BBQ and this place sucks. So the service started out good, lady was nice when you walked in but if you are not Korean you dont' get any service, no steamed egg, no soup (don't think I want the soup either, saw a waitress taste one with the spoon and put the spoon back in then brought it another table). We got three sides and the kimchee smelled fishy, I have eaten a lot of kimchee and this is the first that smelled like that, they didn't even give us the soy sauce dip till we asked for it. Service at all asian places suck but this is below bad, what if you have never tried korean BBQ before, do you not get the banchan? As for the meat selection, it's a joke for AYCE, -One order of short ribs allowed, it was not good-One order of sirloin and it was chewy-Bugolgi was way too sweet and really fatty-Brisket,  only thing edible Did not try the rest, just stuck with the brisket since the rest was so bad. Towards the end we had to waive down someone to just bring us more ice tea. This was the first and last time for this place.
5	i was a little hesitant to come in after reading all the reviews, but after consulting with one of my bosses from my internship (i asked him about his kbbq spots awhile ago, and i needed a definite opinion on this place), and he said i had to check it out!!!19.95 for AYCE but the meat choices were definitely interesting. we got brisket, pork belly and an order of their sirloin. huge servings of kimchee and bean sprouts (which are my fave!). interesting though because they serve it on the grill, and i've never had either warm. but definitely yummy!!! she brought out the rest of the banchan, and sure enough - RICE PAPER!!!!!!! i was sooo happy!!! FINALLY a place in vegas that has rice paper!!!! and - our server (no idea what her name was because her name tag was leaning downwards) kept bringing more after i asked for more the first time we ran out.the meats were all amazing!!! we got so full we had to sit there for a minute to digest. we will definitely be back!!!![the only bad things was - this family came in with their baby and their kid, and the second the kid walked in he wouldnt stop screaming!!! a couple who came in after the family did sat, and they were clearly regulars because all the servers went to say hello, but minutes later, they left. even the servers went over to stop the kid from screaming, but he wouldnt stop!]note: has anyone tried the pork neck? sounded interesting, but we were so full!!!
4	I came to to this place on the good word of a friend and I can assure you the service and the food are excellent, make sure you try the specialty items on the menu. We tried the meat combo A which was phenomenal and it will easily fill you and a couple of your friends up, it also came with a large Korean beer that complemented all the great flavors of the meal. This place is great to enjoy with family and friends and for the price you can't go wrong. Enjoy
3	Okay, I asked if you hated buffets already, but this one is different.  Honey Pig is an AYCE Korean buffet, BUT (and it's a BIG BUT!), it's really not all you can eat...they place a few limitations on the amount you can request on certain items of the AYCE menu.  It's funny how the waitress helps you cook your food at your table and regulates your intake like a micro-managing boss!  I say funny because I'm not at all concerned or upset about their style of hosting us.  It's to be expected, so don't be alarmed.  Enjoy the fact that someone is watching over the cooking while you enjoy your company and conversations.The best advice I can give you for the Honey Pig?  For an additional cost, ask them to make kimchee fried rice once you are finished with your meal.  The leftover kimchee on the grill is what they use to make your To Go fried rice!  And it is OH-SO-DELICIOUS when you eat it at home the next day!  YUM!  All in all, everything there is memorable!  If you know what to order that they haven't served you yet, ASK!  They hold back on a lot of things.We dine here whenever our visitors from Hawaii decide that they are through with hotel buffets, and want something more to their familiarity (Korean food, yakiniku, something they are used to, and what have you).  Sadly, we went here twice last year during the time that the Honey Pig removed their AYCE menus, which is a very strange practice.  But, it was during some kind of convention that was in town that would have probably eaten them out of business!  LOL!  Well, at least, that was the vibe I got from the waitress...  And from this point, I shall conclude and post a new review on our back up alternative...Woo Che AYCE Asian Grill, next door.3-stars rating only because they are kinda selfish...I guess that's their interpretation of having "business-sense."
1	This was the 2nd attempt of trying to eat at Honey Pig for their all you can eat barbecue! However, each time that I go it is just such a huge coincidence that it is on a Sunday of a holiday weekend or a convention weekend/season.  Whoop ti ta....which means they don't offer the all you can eat barbecue on either of those times! Therefore, my review is strictly for their operation. However, I am still trying to eat at Honey Pig, so just like the name of the restaurant...I can enjoy being that!
3	Upon entering this place, I was a level of being amazed with Korean medley's.  A friend of mine told me that they had offered the rice paper thing with you're meat, and considering I just had the best Korean BBQ in Cali....this would satisfy the cravings.  But no, I was sort of disappointed. Our group of friends did the all you can eat menu, which was $19.99 for dinner.  We got a serving of:- Beef Tongue - which was good.  The meat was nice and tender when grilled, and it didn't shrink which was a good thing considering I got a big size.- Spicy bugolgi - Hmmm, this I wouldn't go with.  It tasted like they just made it, and the spices are a little weird.  I think it's a little to spicy for my taste.  There's a difference between good spicy, and spicy, spicy.  - Kalbi (short ribs) - My gosh, this has been one of the best kalbi's I had out here for yakiniku in Vegas.  The marinade is quite delicious and it compliments the rice very well.- Pork Neck - Hmmm, I thought ordering it would be interesting but the piece we got looked like a slice of pork chops. I was really disappointed with that.  - Pork belly - Always my favorite.  The slices were nice and thick, but kind of thin.  I think it tastes the same regardless of where you go.  - Sides - It came with some kind of anchovies and tofu, salad, spicy pickled cucumbers, and hot kimchi and bean sprouts.  I thought the idea of grilling the kimchi and bean sprouts were interesting, but unnecessary since I didn't even touch it.  Our group just kind of left it their to burn. I did like the type of cooking grill the used rather than using gas grill, they used a pot lid to grill our food.  We didn't even have to as for a grill change.  I didn't like the fact that they gave us tea without the ice, it was more like a cup of tea that was sitting in a bottle for a while.  It was warm and tasteless.  I considered this like every other Korean BBQ, nothing seemed different.  The service is the same, and so is their food.  Nothing out of the ordinary, just a good place to hit since their hours are from 5pm to 8:30 am.  Check it out you might be surprised with their combo meals, I just thought the AYCE is the usual.  Maybe I might try the combo meals next time.  It might surprise me. But I still do like Tofu-hut better.
1	This place is racist. Enough said.
3	I like how they got the upside down wok looking pan to cook on and not the in-table grill.  You can cook alot more with the upside down wok!  Overall, they do things here different than other KBBQ spots, let me explain....I was excited to finally try this place out, not only cuz I was with family visiting from outta town but simply because they were equipped with the upside down wok or whatever it's called and it was AYCE! The water they served to us was different, my cousin knew what it was tho, corn water.  I had it and it's best served cold. You can also request regular water.  I'm a meat lover and I just wanted to get crackin on the brisket already!  But then the server puts kimchi and bean sprouts on the pan first... Huh?!?! An then she started cooking our meat for us, little by little. That irked me.  So we threw ALL the meat on the pan at once to save our experience a little bit as we were a very hungry bunch.  The banchi sides were OK, not the best. No doubt it was AYCE but they should just let us be and cook it ourselves.  As for the meat quality, GOOD! Price, lower it just a tad bit and Honey Pig will be more crackin than a plumber bending down.
4	19.95 for all you can eat Korean BBQ meat?  You'd be a fool NOT to eat here if you love Korean food.  Downsides?  You'll probably eat 3000 calories in one meal here and you'll need to be on fiber supplements for a few days.  Otherwise, great place for dinner and even better if you can drag your ass here after a night of alcoholic binging -- did anyone notice they are only closed for 3 hours!?!
4	Honey Pig is a decent place for Korean food.You can trust me when I say that because...well I am Korean.Ok I'll be honest, I'm not saying that they have the best Korean food I've ever had or anything like that. But still, they have good variety of menu items you can choose from and besides, they have All-you-can-eat for a very reasonable price (14.95 lunch 19.95 dinner). What more can u ask for?Oh, there is one thing. Sometimes when I was there, the place was really busy. But it seemed like everytime, it looked like the place was understaffed. Ok, I'm all for cutting cost and all that fun stuff but this could possibly hurt the image of the restaurant. I usually get Spicy Chicken (30 dollars) which is enough food for 3~4 people (I went with two of my friends who also eat a lot and we couldn't walk out of the place). Good deal right? They are really spicy though so for those who like spicy food, I dare you to try it.Overall, good food, little bit overpriced but a good place to go for some Korean grub.
5	I love their Galbi Jim (or Kalbi Jjim).It's the BEST!!. I've eaten Galbi jim everywhere...from all over the Bayarea,CA, at my Korean friends' houses, even in Korea..but this place seems to make it the BEST!!!. I really suggest it..Oh,After all the barbecuing, the lady comes out with a bowl of rice and makes fried rice with all the flavors and drippings from the meats right on top of the grill. Absolutely delicious..!!..
4	The mister and I stopped in again last weekend when we were back in town.  Ah, so worth the acid-reflux...Anyways, there's this really pretty and young waitress working there now and she speaks English!  Yes!We were here for dinner so we paid $19.95 a person.  It doesn't matter if we were there around 3-ish and it was "dinner" because this place knocks!I want to tell you all about what we ate but I know there was a mixture of pork neck, pork belly, and other stuff.  The waitress was nice.  We only had four or five meats and she was enthusiastic about getting more for us.  We had to politely decline since my skinny jeans were getting increasingly tighter.  I guess guzzling a whole pitcher of barley tea wasn't smart either.  Oh well!Come here.  It's worth it.  I can't wait to go back!
5	I've died and went to meat heaven. My friends and I have been here about 3 times, and every time I leave the restaurant I swear to myself that I will become a vegetarian, because I swear to lord almighty that I ate at least half the worlds population of beef. MY BAD.Self loathing and deceiving oaths aside, this place is legit for meat lovers. One of thee best korean food joints I've been to in a long time. Everything is fresh and ohhhh is it DELICIOUS. Food aside, there's this one waitress who is the sweetest darling ever. She's always so happy and so so nice. I always give her a generous amount for tip. I'm sure it ain't easy being cheesy while working over a 300 degree slab of metal cutting up meat for 8 hours... Prices are verryyyyy good I almost feel bad because it's so well priced. But nonetheless, this is a great place with great food and great service.
4	I can see why non-Koreans have a problem with the service here.  Sorry non-Koreans, if great service is what you expect from a busy Korean restaurant in strip mall, this is not the place for you. If you don't mind the mediocre service, the food and price is outstanding. I put this place on par with the best places in Los Angeles. When you think you've had enough and can't eat another bite, they use your left over meat and kimchee to make outstanding fried rice. So damn good. So damn good. I will only eat here on my last night in Vegas in an attempt to not offend strippers and people sitting next to me at the blackjack table with my greasy garlic marinated bbq smell.
5	Been there 6x's. And meat lovers heaven.Freshly cooked. speachless.
1	Just came back from Honey pig. I was planning to go for lunch but was told they do not have lunch menu on weekend so we end up paying 19.99 for lunch. The Service was ok with the first 3 dishes of meats, but become harder to harder to get the waitress attention after that even thought there are only 3 tables in the there. Pork Neck and Belly is good, but we felt like we been screw over with the beef sirloin and short rib. It was suppose to be 1 order each, but we got 3 piece of short rib with 4 people. The sirloin was so little we probably have 2 piece each. I thought that was 1 or 2 orders but end up that's what they are going to give us with 4 people. The soju are expensive over  $12 a bottle. No Steam Egg or bean paste soup, only sprout soup. The quality of salad is worst I have in Korean BBQI only 1 word to describe them. CHEAP~ If you ever eat Korean BBQ at K-town in LA. You will go to this place. I wonder if it's just because we're not Korean.
4	Finally at last! I was able to walk in, sit down, lunch in and enjoy the AYCE. Meat is very tasty and RED. Pork belly and pork neck was also good but wished it was sliced a little thinner so it would have cooked crispier.  I did enjoy that they bring the meat and cook in front of you rather than you going to a buffet line and seeing all of the meat just sitting and waiting to be picked and barbecued.The side dishes were a variety of fresh items.  Whatever that I had asked for which I would normally get in a buffet line of other korean bbq, they would bring it to me.  The only thing that I wasn't too fond of is their bean paste which is very critical to me. It looked and tasted different.Additionally, I saw an ad on yelp that Honey Pig lunch buffet is $12.95, which is false advertisement because when I was in there today, the lunch was $14.99 which is apparent that the price has been raised. I did find the price fixing a little annoying but oh well....Please fix this....Thank you!
1	Worse place in the world !!!!!!! They made my friend tip them extra by actually forcing him write a different amount, and they still changed the final total. Also the services is rotten. The food is the same everywhere else and the prices were not competitive. The only reason we went to this place was because of a recommendation from a friend.
1	ok honey pig is always delicious. the pork belly, and marinated beef short ribs are soo good. always look forward to the kimchi fried rice they make at the end with all the leftovers mmm. SERVICE HERE SUCKS SOOOO BAD!!!!!. asked about AYCE which they advertise themselves on yelp. when we asked about it. they told us some BS excuse about how they dont have it because of convention time. wtf? isnt it always convention time in vegas? ok whatever we ordered a set meal and 2 other meats and it was all good. 10 min a group gets seated right next to us and we overhear them asking about ayce. the waiter gives them the same BS excuse but they complain and said they called to confirm and someone on the phone told them yes so the waiter brings them the ayce menu! wtf! i asked the waiter why they get it and not us and he said they called ahead and asked for it...basically more BS excuse. on top of that the waitresses who were suppose to cook our food for us did a poor job of ensuring our food wasn't overcooked and didn't really help to refill our drinks. bunch of liars and poor service means i wont be coming back here or would recommend anyone else to eat here. theres other places with better food and honest people. There's also a better honey pig in LA.If you are Korean or speak Korean I think they would be nicer to you but we didn't and we got some shitty asssss service...unfair.... :(
1	We were so excited to come here because the one in LA is really good and had pretty good reviews on here. But we were sorely disappointed in the customer service and AYCE policy.  The food tasted okay for the most part though. It is located in a plaza in Chinatown, not on the LV Strip.  We got here about 8 pm and there was no wait.  When we got to our table, we noticed this huge domed grill, it looked like a lid or an overturned wok.  It was cool.  We ended up with AYCE for our group of 6 at $19.99 each.  When we proceeded to order our favorites, we were told we can only order 2 items at a time.  We are used to limited items, but usually 4-5, which was fine.  After we cooked the first batch, they told us we had to finish everything before they would take our order for the next round.  Our grill was sitting there empty while we were starving & waiting for our food to be brought out by the wait staff.  Other tables had full grills most of the time, while we sat there with nothing on ours.  We ordered different items on the menu including:beef tongue - good, thin sliced meatspicy octopus - quarter sized when cooked, was okaykalbi (short ribs) - marinated fatty meat, not great :(sides - not so fresh, marinated cucumbers had a weird flavordipping sauces - did not look appetizing eitherspicy "bulgogi" (brisket) - kinda weird looking...  this did not look like our usual bulgogi, so we asked about it.  Us:  What is that? (as we pointed to it cooking on the grill)Waiter:  It's spicy bulgogiUs:  It doesn't look like bulgogiWaiter:  It's brisket with other meats all clumped togetherUs:  Huh?Waiter:  It has other meats and brisket mixed togetherUs:  (We still had quote bubbles with question marks)  I just looks like pork, didn't we order brisket?We would have tried other meats, but we were only "allowed" to eat so much due to being micro-managed by the waiter/waitress not giving us our food.After we got on our car and started pulling away, the 2 servers ran up to our car saying they charged the wrong amount.  Even though they charged the wrong amount, we totaled it correctly and made sure to tip.  I asked, did you even look at what we gave total?  He didn't and said, "oh, you paid the correct amount and tipped too?"  It made is feel like we were trying to not pay. Then complained we only gave $20 tip.I will give 3 stars for the flavors of the meats & sides, but need to take 2 stars off for service.I would suggest to order from the menu a la carte instead of AYCE, you'll probably be more satisfied.  We probably would have been charged half the price considering how much we ate, actually it was more like how much they wanted to give us.If you want to be micromanaged when eating, having someone tell you how much to eat at an AYCE place and getting a smirk for "only" giving $20 tip, then come here.  Otherwise, there are so many other buffets in Vegas that are so much more worth it.  The AYCE Korean BBQs in Los Angeles are SO MUCH BETTER, food-wise and service wise.  The waitstaff need to go to Customer Service 101 classes.Note:  This is my 1st less than 3 star review out of 80 that I've written.  Definitely not worth it for the service as others have said.  Disappointed!  :(
2	Sigh...I so wanted to like Honey Pig...maybe I just need to come back and do their all you can eat.We were here Easter Sunday, about 3pm, there was only two other tables in there.  I had a pretty big party- 4 adults & 8 kids, since their tables are kinda small, we had to split up and take two tables.We were there early but were told they don't offer the lunch AYCE price ($14.95) on the weekends, they only offer the dinner AYCE prices ( $19.95).  Well, with 8 kids ranging from 14 to 4yrs old, it was not worth the $20 bucks a person since it was a first time for Korean food for most of the kids and we didn't know if they would like it. So, we opted for the $99 combo which came with almost all the meats available.All the meats were good but because we split the combo for both tables, we got some things the kids didn't and they got things we didn't.  Overall, the pork belly and bulgolgi was great, the steak was melt in your mouth good, and everything else was just okay.  The salad, I've had better at Mother's and the banchan was a disappointment.  We really only got two banchans and the kim chee was put on the grill...hmm okay..The poor waitress was the only one working and she actually helps you grill but since she was the only one, she had to bounce around quite a bit since there was now more tables in the place.Since we had the kids at their own table, they ordered rice and drinks, while the adults waited and wondered if we were going to get rice..only to have the waitress make us fried rice at the end...hmm, I kinda wanted rice with my meat??Anyhow, our combo came with a soup that was just okay...usually I like my kimchee jigae.  I also asked for a japchae that never came so I don't even know if we were charged for it.  I know we were charged for ALL the kids rices!!Overall, it was still a bargain to feed all of us for about $120, but I think I'm going to have to continue my search for that place that serves up 30 banchans!!  Okay I can dream can't I??
4	Pretty good just like being in Korea.  Order the all you can eat.
4	Friend: "Write on Yelp that your friend who's a picky bastard really liked Honey Pig."Me: "Picky bastard? Okay I'll quote you on that."I went to Honey Pig on a Friday night with that picky bastard along with 10 other friends. Most of us are pretty accustomed to Korean Food but hadn't been to Honey Pig before.  Their grills were really neat because they were cone shaped so all the fat would be separated. We decided to do All You Can Eat for $20 so we can get a little taste of everything. And taste EVERYTHING we did. We went down the menu like a checklist. We had the pork belly first and unanimously agreed on how tasty and fresh it was. Each meat they brought out after that tasted just as good or better. You could tell just by looking at the color of the meat that it was fresh. I especially enjoyed how they grill the bean sprouts and kimchee. Most of the banchan (side dishes) were good but I missed others that I had at other Korean BBQs such as steamed egg and soup.Service was wonderful. Our waiter took the time to answer any questions we had and explain what everything was. Even with a huge group of 12, he cooked everything to perfection and made sure we always had enough banchan and drinks. They serve a rice flavored iced tea for free.My picky friend pretty much tried and loved everything except for the squid (which he claims to be allergic to) and that in itself speaks volumes. I would gladly go back to Honey Pig again because everything was delicious and at a very good price.
1	THE WORST Korean bbq I've ever been to. I don't know if its because we weren't Korean and I really don't even care. I noticed most of the bad reviews were for larger groups - there were 6 in our party, but again who cares about excuses.Maybe we should've known not to go since it was a Friday night and only 2 tables were taken out of probably 15. But the name is so cute and it had generally good reviews on yelp.So we went, had some overpriced $12 soju (retail $3) and everyone got all you can eat. The guy wouldn't let me start w kalbi and spicy pork - said no do the brisket because it cooks faster. That wasn't a suggestion he wouldn't let me start with what I wanted. They brought out the sides,like 4 things - more regular kim chee, radish, some kind of fermented fish and these cute little pancakes. The selection sucked I asked for cucumber kim chee she said we don't have that, soy sauce potatoes "we don't have that", more of the pancakes pls "you only get one" WTF! Brisket is done and they bring out another pile of kim chee and bean sprouts to cook. Its pretty obvious they were trying to fill us up with the cheap sh*t. They brought out kalbi finally when it was done we asked for more and we were told it was 1 order per person, which it does say in the menu. I told him no there are 6 ppl and the amnt you brought out was serving for 2 or 3. I didnt say it but F*ck that. He went to the back and brought out more. Yay....I asked for shik-hye for the end of the meal "we don't have that".Everyone on yelp said the best part was the fried rice they make on your grill. I was looking forward to this light at the end of a craptastic tunnel. The kim chee fried rice was ok, nothing special. We got the bill which wasn't itemized just a bunch of prices and a total, so we asked what everything was.  Those mofos charged us $4.95 x2 for that fried rice! Maybe this goes back to the not being Korean issue but I never saw a charge mentioned in any other reviews. We paid and left w out leaving a tip. Not something any of us normally do, but that really was the worst dining experience I've ever had. I almost hoped they would come running out asking about a tip like I've read in other bad reviews on this place. My suggestion - don't bother w honey pig! Go to woo che its in the same shopping center right off of spring mtn, its where we normally go for Korean bbq. Its cheaper, has other prepared food included, you pick what meat you want and cook what you want when you want it. Service is also very nice. This is what I get for trying something new
5	I love eating @ this place when they have the all u can eat!! Either Lunch or Dinner!! Me & my friends love going to this place anytime of the day because its open 24 hours!! From Late night after drinking to just plain hungry!! They have great service!! #1 spot to eat Korean BBQ for me!!
3	Just went here late late last night (aka early this morning) after work and what a great find... open at all hours of the night with a great set-up for Korean BBQ. We ordered the pork belly for $22.99 and I craved some soup/noodles so I got the kalguksu for $10.99. I actually would give this place 4 stars if I thought the food was incredible but to be honest, I will have to go back a few more times and try other items on the menu to get an accurate feel for the place. The kalguksu was nothing like I expected... the noodles seemed cheap and the seafood wasn't of great quality. Basically, it felt like I was eating instant noodle soup and not the authentic dish I had hoped for. The pork belly is a bit thick in a traditional Korean sense.... this dish usually comes out thinly sliced. The best thing about this restaurant is its originality. They put the kimchi and bean sprouts right on the grill with your meat, and after you're done, they fry rice on top as a complimentary service. The kimchi is fantastic off the grill and was probably my favorite part of the meal :). I love that this restaurant is not super stingy with their rice and foods like some other places in Vegas. The service was 5 stars. They were attentive, polite, and well-spoken. Their English is broken; however, because I speak fluent Korean there was no problem with communication. I am hoping to go back soon and be able to upgrade this place with another star because it really is a charming little place :)
2	not really a fan of this place. located in the very corner, you probably wouldn't notice they were there. i was hungry so loaded the grill with everything. it was taking too long to cook so i turned up the heat and you probably know what happened next. smoke out. they also didn't want to change or clean my grill so anything else i ate tasted burnt. there wasn't a big selection.
4	Good korean food for vegas. I really enjoyed the kimchi grilled on the pan and the pork belly. Good place if youre craving meat and korean food. The sevice was really good too.  No ajumas ignoring you when you ask for more food.
5	If heaven blessed a Korean restaurant in Las Vegas it would defintely be Honey Pig.  Great quality AYCE with perfecto service.  What more can you ask for?  The AYCE price is $20 and offers your classic brisket, pork belly, bulgogi.  To throw in some more quality meets they have pork should(amazingly tender), Kalbi, and Top grade sirloin and more.*special tip - ask them for lettuce wrap.  They're the only korean place i know in vegas that offers this.  Then put some orangy goody spread with garlic and meat and you have yourself a foodgasm.
1	Ok so I went here with a bunch of friends and we were all starving so you know that cardboard with some peanutbutter would have tasted good at that point.  So I was so excited to eat here just by the name alone.  We got the all you could eat special and boy was that a let down.  They just kept feeding us beansprouts and kimchee thaty was cooked on the grill and then in between gave us our meat dishes.  They seemed to be trying to fill us up with more and more cooked kimchee,  FInally we said that we didnt come here for the kimchee but came here for meat.  Then the soju was liked the most expensive I have ever gotten at a bbq place it was $12 a small bottle. So all I have to say ..it sucked
4	I've been dying to try Honey Pig forever.....As Honey T. had said, their "announcement" on Yelp is incorrect. It is $14.99 for lunch and $19.99 for dinner....HOWEVER, there is no lunch pricing for the weekend which we found out the hard way. We were already seated looking at the menu with our mouths watering and about to order from the lunch AYCE menu when the server said no lunch prices. OKAY then...we were there already and I had wanted some KBBQ. We decided to start with the Brisket, Sirloin, Pork Belly and Pork Shoulder. The meats all looked "fresh," but my favorite was the brisket. I was a lil bit bummed that there was no potato salad, but that was that. The pork belly was ok, pork shoulder was tough to eat. The second round was with some more brisket and kalbi.  Kalbi was very flavorful and tender.This AYCE meat galore for lunch was just a bit too much for me. I definitely think its worth the dinner price for dinner but not for lunch. Obviously, I favored the beef over the pork, but I definitely want to come back and eat some more....for dinner. Service was good, the lady didn't really speak English so that was a bit tough seeing how I don't speak Korean. It was nice that they helped cook everything too.
2	i wasnt really impressed by the meat or the selection of sides. i was expecting more and i was really excited to go since i hadnt had KBBQ in awhile. oh well guess have to go elsewhere. upside the decorations are awesome!
4	HONEY PIG?Are you kidding me?  Forgive the Koreans for not translating English too well, but you will forget about the silly name of the place when you taste the food at Honey Pig.Located just 5 mins from the Las Vegas Strip; it's definitely worth the cab ride.  Come prepared with an appetite and ready to DRINK!  This is a Korean BBQ place, no frills, nothing fancy, but damn good food, and shots of Soo Ju (a Korean Rice Wine served cold).  The server will bring out little side dishes that we call, "Ban Chon" (sauteed bean sprouts, spinach and the Korean staple, Kim Chi).  You can choose the different meats that you want to grill at your table.  I would recommend a marinated beef, an un-marinated beef, pork belly.  The food here is soooooo good.  It's probably the best Korean food in Vegas.   They offer a lot of different food and drinks that you wouldn't find at other traditional Korean restaurants, so feel free to ask your server for suggestions.  And in true Vegas style, they have an all you can eat lunch special for $12.95 and dinner special for $19.99Here's a little Korean saying that we have to make you feel right at home.  You'll need to pour a drink for everyone at the table except your own.  It is a Korean custom that you never pour your own drink.  Then raise you glass and scream, "Kum bae!"  and everyone will cheers you and take shots.  Repeat several times and then go karaoke.  Congratulations, you've been "Honey Pig"d.
4	My Kind Of Pig!So here is the thing, I consider myself a foodie for sure. I am in the food business and I love to eat good food.. I love to eat semi good food, I enjoy food - overall. Honey Pig wasn't my first experience with Korean food, Korean BBQ or Koreans :) That being said, I never really know what to order because I don't have alot of experience dining in such an establishment. I love the flavors, the style of the service and the concept altogether, but I just never had the chance to really enjoy a full Korean style meal until earlier this year. ALL of that into consideration.. I dug "Honey Pig". It's casual, good quality and delicious. At around $99 for 4 people with beers and much grub, it was also a nice deal. Im a big eater, all my foodie friends are - and we all were quite full at the end of our meal. Would I go again? Yes! Am I looking forward to more Korean-style cuisine... absolutely! Until next time!
5	Leaving Las Vegas, but I'll never forget Honey Pig!I have been to honey pig 6 times in the last 2 years, and have always loved every single thing I have tried there. It was my first experience with korean food of any sort, and will compare this restaurant to all others for the rest of my life. I have brought a number of out-of-towner's and local friends to this restaurant and have always had extremely positive feedback from all but one person (whose pretty surly so so I'll just say it's a character default!). In previous reviews, some people have complained about service if they are not Korean, but I have never had too many issues. The small issues that have arisen in the past seem to be getting non-existent each time I visit so hopefully they've worked out the glitches. Most recently I brought my out-of-town guests to the restaurant and we ordered the AYCE lunch which was great, but was soooo much meat that we weren't able to rally for the AMAZING fried rice that you usually get at the end of one of the combo meals. I plan on going one last time before I leave this town and ordering just pork belly and fried rice for one last delicious and memorable meal. :)
4	Love the food here!  Be prepared to stuff yourself silly!  The meats are all very tasty.  My favorite part is all of the side dishes that they bring out.  Be sure to ask for the thinly sliced pickled diakon circles.  They don't bring them out unless you ask for them.  I also like the barley tea that thy serve in lue of water.This place is a must for me anytime I come to Vegas!
3	TIME SPENT1 Daytime mealLAYOUTi've never been to korea, but this place's layout comes as close as what i see from korean tv/movies when i looked at their grills.^^   the A/C was not present as fans tried to compensate.daytime vegas heat and fans...  not great.^^;SERVICE/FOODprompt, attentive, friendly, almost homely with the owner (a nice old lady) cooked my party's food.the meats and side dishes were pleasing.^^   i ordered soju with my meal and completed my Korean daydream of being in actual Korea - but not.. LOLz.PRICINGaverage.^^  CLOSINGif YELP would only allow me to rate it 3.5 Stars...  i'm a fan of the wholesome experience, but i couldn't see pass the heat.
4	Honey Pig!  HONEY PIG!I have such a love affair with this place.  I'm at Pho So 1 twice a week so I have to drive past it, casting longing gazes for cuts of various meats, Barley Tea ("Chan"), and the savory sauces.  The first time I saw the place/heard the name I laughed so hard at the ridiculousness of an establishment called "Honey Pig."  Nonsense, I declared!  (And how I've eaten my words...)Honey Pig is a Korean BBQ chain that features the grill in the center of the table that you cook various meats, rice, kimchi, and whatnot to your specs, dip in sauce, and enjoy.  They are 24 hours, with all you can eat for lunch and dinner.  I personally consider them the best Korean BBQ for what Vegas has to offer.Now I suppose if you're from Vegas or areas in cities where various scopes of nationalities and food cultures are everyday, like most of the locals here, going to Korean BBQ AYCE is just another function of the day, such as getting a burger or going to Panera.  I just love bringing people here who are very much meat and potatoes or my family who happens to be VERY Italian and VERY WTH-IS-THIS regarding anything that's not pasta and chicken and are casting a dubious eye to this establishment.  This is such a great place to show off and be all, "HAHA TOLD YOU SO" because honestly, how can someone argue with you that they don't want to eat here or they're not into that kind of thing when the meat is cooking in front of you, all delicious and amazing?  It's introducing a different type of food without having to talk them into it.  Just get them to sit down and you're done.  (Okay, maybe they won't be all about the kimchi and whatnot but unless they're a vegetarian, they'll find something.)This place also has a certain amount of quirky charm that I like.  The girls uniforms with their little bowtie and the rows of piggy banks on the walls added a sense of fun.  And major props to the waitresses, I might add, busting it all over the restaurant from table to table.  Imagine you had to cook some meat on a grill.  Imagine you had ten tables to simultaneously prepare and serve meat to?  Granted, the real-deal Koreans were showing most of us up, cooking and preparing it themselves, so they weren't quite the burden that most of us were, but those waitresses must leave there exhausted at the end of the day.  The AYCE is stupendous.  STUPENDOUS I SAY.  It was just round after round of huge cuts of meat yet I was done by the seventh round, I couldn't do any more. This is a great place to come in a giant group and see who can keep going.  And the rice at the end, to cook it to the point where it gets a little stir-fried esque and is one of the best parts of the meal.The one thing that made me VERY pleased was that the first three times I ate here was with two other Asians, one of which was a Korean (Olympian, actually..), and our service was kind of great.  I was -terrified- of what some others have suggested on here, that showing up by myself or with someone who wasn't Asian in my party, would I get the same level of treatment?  Thankfully: YES, I did.  The service was consistently great every time I went, regardless of who was in my party, and the waitress last time personally thanked me by name after introducing herself and I couldn't have been happier.
2	Arrhhh ....I wasn't impressed. What Korean thinks this is great? This is coming from a S. Korean.  This place is fair. Maybe I had my expectations too high. We did the lunch buffet but since it was a weekend we were charged for the $20 dinner buffet. Typical buffet cutting corners on the quality of its meat. All the meat was fatty.  The side dishes were sparce. I would rather go to Yum Yum BBQ on Silverado Ranch Rd/Bermuda.
1	Save your money, do your appetite a favor and go down the street to Sura BBQ or Tofu Hut for your Korean BBQ needs. The prices there are over the top expensive, but worse of all.. THE SERVICE IS HORRIBLE!If you HAVE to go to Honey Pig to eat..  go ahead and do it because whenever someone tells you  not to touch the hot stove-- you have to do it anyways. But just remember when you're paying for the bill and calculating how much tip you should leave.. "I told you so!" When I came in with my cousins 3 days ago, there were 4 Korean girls working the front.  We asked for a table and sat down, checking out the menus.. but as soon as we sat down and looked around, my 2 cousins and I all noticed that 3 of the 4 girls standing at the counter were whispering to each other and kept glancing over at our table They were laughing and staring, making it VERY obvious they were whispering some crap about us. I ended up making eye contact with them and one of the girls didn't even bother to look away. She stared at me for a few seconds and then turned her head to finish working.. but the whole night she didn't bother to come over to check up on us. This happened a few more times during the night. They would not stop whispering and laughing and then glancing over to us every time we asked for a refill, or some food item! It was horrible, we felt so disrespected. Coincidentally, the  restaurant got busy about 30 minutes later.. with tables that were majority groups of men coming to dine and drink beer.  There had to have been about 7 tables with groups of men, and we were the ONLY table there with 3 girls. The whole time we were there, only 1 girl had the decency to come over and check up on us without us calling for them, while all of them would constantly check back and forth to all of the tables with the men. I'm not trying to be judgmental, but I swear it was so obvious that they were trying to please the other people (for more tips probably). The whole experience was unprofessional, and downright disrespectful for us.On top of bad service, as far as their menus.. it was ridiculously overpriced! Now, I am a really big food adventurer and work in a 5 star Japanese restaurant.. so when it comes to spending a lot of money on food, I'm not unfamiliar with. I don't mind as long as its good quality, or exotic. AND as far as Korean BBQ, I am a huge fan of therefore I have tried all Korean BBQ restaurants I know in Vegas. Honey Pig's all you can eat is $20 (which in the beginning, I thought was decent) .. BUT everything else was over $25 for a plate! Their single plate BBQ (just raw meat) started off at $25 for simple brisket.. Every other type of meat, including even pork belly was $25 and more!My cousins and I ended up getting the all you can eat, which was $60 + tax for 3 people. The meat was alright nothing different from the other Korean restaurants..but the thing that bothered us the most was how the waitresses portioned our servings. We had each ordered different items on the all you can eat list.. and when we told her to bring out a plate of everything so we can try each.. SHE LOOKED AT US LIKE WE WERE CRAZY. I mean, wtf? We're paying $60 for all you can eat! In the end, she DIDN'T bring us all of the plates, only the first 4 things we asked for.. and on top of that, the portions got smaller and smaller as we ordered more. It was unbelievable. It got to the point where my cousin didn't even want to ask for more food because the girl had come back about 4 times already. They were being so cheap with their all you can eat. They assumed  that we were 3 girls, therefore we shouldn't have be getting the same amount as a table full of men. There was no rice either, so none of us got really full.Overall, I DO NOT recommend this place if you're looking for quality Korean BBQ. It has nothing special. Like Tofu Hut (there AYCE is only $14), or even Korean BBQ in the Chinatown plaza (which is more expensive than Tofu Hut).. it's the same type of meat and style of cooking.. The service at  Honey Pig is absolutely disgusting. Even if you don't like AYCE, their combination dishes are ranged from $40 for 2 people and increase a good $30 after that for 3 and so on ... You're still spending an average of $25 there regardless. And for bad service too. I STRONGLY don't recommend.
4	good easy menu all you can eat 20 bucks and yummy pork belly go there around once or twice a month with friends
3	First thing I noticed about Honey Pig was the aquarium (probably because it's right in front of you.  It was pretty busy for a Thursday night.  The crowd was a bit older and it seemed nearly everyone dining was some sort of Asian.  The atmosphere was inviting.  Tables were pretty near from one another, but you still have plenty of elbow room.  It was pretty loud in there and I could barely hear anyone at my table.  I thought my hearing was just going bad, but 2 other members of my party had a hard time hearing me when I was talking (yay, I'm not going deaf).    The service was mediocre.  There were moments where I found myself searching for a server to change our unique, circular grill top (which is also used as decor throughout the restaurant) and to refill my water and Barley Tea.  The service could definitely be better (in my opinion).  The food itself wasn't bad.  We had the AYCE dinner ($19.99).  The lunch AYCE is priced at $14.99 pp.  I don't usually care for pork belly, but Honey Pig's pork belly wasn't too bad.Pros: *  clean atmosphere *  good food (I fancied the Squid most) *  decently priced *  they cut your meats for you... that's nice =)Cons: * slow service * bland salad * restricted to one order of Sirloin per personTips: * order two meats at a time, otherwise you'll be left looking for service * they won't refill your side dishes if you don't ask
3	This place was my first time eating korean food.  Although it was really yummy, the service left something to be desired.  It's also a little expensive.
3	I've eaten here one time & I made the mistake of ordering bulgogi without first checking the pricing (really, how expensive can such a common Korean dish be?).  It was good but it turned out to be $20+, not even including tax & tip.  Had it been around $17, I'd give them 4-stars, but at about mid-$20s it was way overpriced.
4	4 days in LV and haven't had any asian food. I had to get some Korean BBQ. Went to my favorite spot. Ordered the AYCE this time. Maybe it's just in my head, but meat never tastes as good off the AYCE menu. Still, the food deserves 4 stars. There are fancier Korean places that may give more side dishes, but cooking on that clay or stone pot thing makes the meat perfectly crisp. Combo dinners include the mixed rice cooked on the same pot. A must try. Left full and 100% satisfied. AYCE costs $20. Seems reasonable. Not sure why others feel this place is so expensive. Spent $20+ for the worst chicken salad sandwich and diet coke at the Mandalay Bay that very morning. Puts things into perspective for me. Warning - If you are not Korean, you will most likely get poor service. I am Korean, and still expect poor service. Go for the food, and nothing more. Ambiance = non-existent, Service = better odds on the tables, Food = damn good.
4	Came here with my parents. first time at this restaurant. parents have been to the one in LA. I personally though the price was a bit high, but im comparing it to the one in LA. The food here is surprisingly good. its your typical korean bbq eatery. they give you raw meat, you cook the meant, then you eat the meat. being called honey big, of course they only have meat from the pig. the grill is like a big lid for an ancient jar. when the meat is cooking, they put the kimchi and other side dishes on the edge of the grill so you don't waste all the flavor. towards the end they add some rice and make fried rice. pretty interesting. it is a bit cramped in there and of course gets really hot in there. i believe you have to ask them for rice to do the whole fried rice thing, if not you don't get it. its like if you know they do it they'll do it but if not they won't waste time.
3	The best part of Honey Pig is the name....This cozy Korean corner spot is nestled away in the same plaza as Raku and Pho So 1.  The decor is mostly wood and very nuetral tones, giving the feeling of being in someone's basement.  I wanted to satisfy my Dolsot BiBimBop craving and although  this is more of a BBQ place,  Bibimbop is a staple of Korean cuisine, so I thought why not?  They didn't have Dolsot (the hot clay pot) so I just went with the regular version of the delicious dish.  When my meal came out, I was surprised to see the rice was not in the bottom of the bowl, but rather in a small bowl on the side.  The rice was luke warm, as if it had been sitting for a while.  When I mixed all of the ingredients together the dish was bland, with vegetables cut to all sorts of sizes.  While it's hard for me to not enjoy Bibimbop, this was the most unenjoyable version I've experienced.  I'm not sure I'd come back to try the BBQ since there are many other options in town, and while I love the name Honey Pig, I can't say the same for the rest of the experience.
3	Its a pigout fest, if you order the all you can eat they will try to fill you up with kimshee, and bean sprouts but try and tell them to bring the meats. The all you can eat includes bulgogi, squid, pork belly,  lean beef, .  Almost no English is spoken so a lot of pointing at the menu helps.
3	-So yesterday I had my first experience at a Las Vegas AYCE Korean BBQ restaurant. Now, I'm from Los Angeles and I have had my fair share of delicious Korean BBQ from local restaurants there. When my boyfriend and I first entered Honey Pig, we felt a bit awkward since we were the only ones there. They quickly sat us down and handed us a menu which had some outrageously expensive prices much different from the $19.99 AYCE that they mentioned on the phone. After asking a few questions about it they finally gave us the AYCE menu. We did not have a choice on what we wanted to choose first , which was very different from the other places I've been to. They brought out small portions of Pork Belly (which was probably the best thing I ate there I might add) and brisket. -The unique thing about this place is that they actually cook the meat for you, which would be cool if they actually payed attention to the customers and how hot the grill actually is. Often times, the tongs were too far for us to reach so we had no way of actually flipping the meat ourselves and had to wait until one of the waitresses walked by. Lets just say I got used to eating overcooked meat that night. -Every time my boyfriend and I wanted to order more meat, we felt really uncomfortable because the waitresses made it very obvious that they were unhappy about it. I'm not sure if I would come back here again for the AYCE. I still have quite a few more places in town to try.
5	Totally enjoyable, every person that I have taken here is forever a fan of Honey Pig!The Beef Brisket and Bulgogi are sooooooooooooo good!!!
5	I love this place!!I go there so often that the waitress already knows what im going to order! I've tried different Korean bbq places in Vegas and some of them are good but not as good as Honey Pig. There are 2 big differences between Honey Pig and other places;  1. The meat is marinated better. Soooo yummy!2. The grill is bigger so you can cook more food. The only downside is that they don't have All You Can Eat for dinner and sometimes don't offer All You Can Eat for lunch so be sure to call ahead and ask.
1	This is by far the worst Korean restaurant I have ever been to.  No exaggeration we waited for 20 minutes waiting for a glass of water.  We also ordered a coke and soju and never saw either one.  The place was fairly empty on arrival but there were uncleared tables scattered throughout the restaurant.  The server touched the tip of the spoons and chopsticks with her hands and handed them to us, which was completely unsanitary since she just picked up the bill at the other table.   After our ridiculous wait and rude service, we decided to leave.  I would have felt bad if we ever got the water, but nada!
4	Skip the buffet one night and head here.  A good Korean friend knew about this place and recommended it.  I'm so thankful!We came here this past Saturday night.  Our Korean friend ordered everything for us... all our faves.  Everything is cooked right in front of you.  There's a ton of food, lots of meat, great kimchi.   With 6 total guys, the more meat, the better.  Pile it on please.We had soju and beer, of course.  These are the necessities for every Korean meal.  The name of the place is great.  I love what they cook the food on.  Definitely an experience if you've never tried Honey Pig.  I heard they have several locations in LA.  Bring it to NYC!
4	This is a good place to come if you are 3 or more people because you can split the bill because the portions are so large. We went there expecting BBQ but We werent able to communicate ordering BBQ in the american traditional sense, they didnt know what we meant when we asked for Barbeque, I think it is just a description of the bbq on the table and the way the food is prepared in front of you. The pork loin shoulder meat was delicious. The variety of condiments made each bite delightfully different in taste. Next time I will drink the iced green tea that is freely provided instead of paying 2 dollars for a can of coke.  I would go back here again and recommend.
1	That was my first visit and last ever.There was six of us for all you can eat. We gave $14 for tip for rude service and we were asked to tip more. It was offensive and inappropriate. We ended up give $5 more for forever-parting gift.Like I said, there was six of us. Only one pitcher of water/tea was on the table. Every time we begged for more water they will give us a pitcher full of ice. You have to be careful every time you pour or you will have ice spilled all over the table and your shirt, and at one point I have to get up and get water myself.Another thing about this place is they are so understaffed, and they want to give a half-ass "full service". The servers tried to cook the food for us and we always ended up a full grill of vegetables with minimum amount of "meat". I thought this is a BBQ place, not a vegetarian eatery.I strongly suggest if you want to be treated like a sucker and be served tasteless food, vegetarian if I might add, and wait 20 minutes for everything. please go give this place a try.
3	It was okay! It definitly wasn't bad I just don't think I would go visit again. I didn't really like their food choices or the way their menu was set up. It was also the most expensive Korean bbq in my opinion and was not worth the price.
5	Do yourself a favor and forget the rest of the korean bbq. Honey pig uses a "lid" for the grill like they did in the old days in korea. Waitresses are always friendly and ready to cook for you if needed. Make sure u get an order of soju (make that 2) and it makes the perfect companion for the sam gyul (pork belly) and garlic.
4	I can definitely see why most people say Honey Pig is the best Korean BBQ in Vegas. My trip to Honey Pig was only my second KBBQ outing in Vegas, and I was definitely satisfied.  I was a bit overwhelmed by the menu (every other time I've gone to KBBQ I've gone with people much more familiar with it than I am) but the wait staff was friendly and helpful when suggesting what to order.  We settled on the Combo A (brisket and pork belly) - this was PLENTY of food for two, and almost too much when the soup and fried rice are added.  The brisket was definitely the better of the two meats, but the pork belly was not bad as long as it was combined with some of the side dishes.  If you're a novice with KBBQ, make sure you are adventurous and experiment with all of the sides dishes; chances are you'll find a combination of meat + sides that you will really enjoy.  The meal seemed a bit pricey, but considering the amount of food that was split between two people (an amount which was essentially AYCE), it worked out to about $20 per person, which is comprable to most AYCE KBBQ places.  I will definitely be back to try some of the other meats.
4	Came here for dinner and ordered the combo "a" Which comes with thin beef slices and sam gip sal. First they lay out the Kim chee and bean sprouts on the bottom of the  hub cap looking grill . Then they put the pork belly on top of grill so as it cooks the oil from the belly cooks  onto the Kim chee and infuses it.Then at the end they come and make Kim chee fried rice on the grill which is flavored with all the good stuffService was great due to the bell, kimchee was good . Meat quality was goodReminds me of laI would come here again :)
4	This place has the best kimchi fried rice! the meats are a bit too salty for my taste.. I have been here twice i recommend it if you like Korean foods. They have the all you can eat menu. Servers are a bit snooty, but that do you expect from asian servers.. " im allowed to say that im asian" haha!
4	Another excellent meal at the Honey Pig. The $99 family combo was plenty for myself and 4 other family members. This has become our go-to korean bbq. We've been to many in LV before honey pig, and none after. The service was again sub-par, but I'm pretty sure I'd be hating life if I had to smell meat and kimchee all day, every day. Those wemen work their butts off. Left there stuffed and smelling like the kimchee frig.
5	Honey Pig rocks! We got the combo B for $59.99 which included 3 variety of meats (including pork belly), kim chee fried rice, bean paste stew, and a beer. It's more than enough to feed four people. For the price and the amount of meat you get, it's a great value. Would definitely come back on our next visit to las vegas.Yes service is a bit slow but the yummy food made up for it.
3	SERVICE WAS WACK!  Slowly every time I go back the service became slower and slower.  Orders are always forgotten and the waitresses need constant reminding to bring out foods.  I loved you honey pig its a shame I had to knock down some stars.
4	This is in my top two favorite Korean BBQ spots. The first time we came here, everything was spot on. We ordered Combo A. Our server cooked our food for us, everything was tasty and DELICIOUS. The fried rice at the end of our meal was AMAZING. The second time we came here they gave us some BS menu. "Convention Menu" or some type of BS. I was pissed. We ended up just ordering some noodles. Service was REALLY bad. I was not a happy camper and vowed to NEVER return after that visit. I ended up returning with another couple. This time we had AYCE. I didn't even KNOW they had AYCE! Everything was fantastic. This place was in my heart again.Whatever you do, DON'T let them try to bamboozle you with some BS "convention" menu! We frequent this spot now and I absolutely love it. Service is hit or miss but the food is always on point! PORK BELLY!!!
5	Great place for grilling pork belly. They will grill pork belly gimchee and bean sprouts on the hot grill right on the table for you. If you don't like that, they have bulgogi and spicy chicken. After half way through, they can stir fry everything left along with rice. It's like another meal. But my favorite there is gimchee stew. Yum
4	Had dinner at the Honey Pig tonight with a bunch of customers. Third, fourth, fifth time, not sure. The B order times 2 together with a side of spicy chicken carried us all through. A few bears, some Korean-equivalent-of-framboise which I forget the name of, and we were off to the races.Its a great meal, and super for conversation...but it can get a bit hot from time to time, especially in the summer. I will go back whenever I can and highly recommend it for anyone who likes Korean BBQ. My friend Sharnaz says maybe Korean BBQ buffer next time but i am not convinced, not sure I could each much more than this...
4	This place had several very good dishes, a few memorable, and a few not so memorable. I did really love the grilling, the onions were a nice touch - the servers put everything on for you which I'm nto used to and was also very nice. Classic soju and beer and you've got a killer group event.
5	Probably the best korean bbq in Vegas, the quality of meat and the seasoning of it is exceeds that of any other bbq place in town. I also like the fact that they grill their meat on top of a lid, it's unique. A lot of people complain about the ban-chan (side dishes) not being of the highest quality, but I like to grill mine, and I like the fact that if you do this with over fermented kimchi, it actually tastes better IMO than using a kimchi that is less fermented. Really great place comparable to some  places I've tried in LA or Northern VA.
5	This place is awesome. After being to some other places then here, then back to other places, my friends and I concluded that we got spoiled here, because they've got really large grills good for cooking tons of meats, kimchi, and sprouts. That way the wait time for the food to cook isn't too long, unless you're trying to cook some of that super thick bacon.The meats are all pretty good, except I wouldn't know about the chicken because I don't waste my time on that stuff. Even the pork neck was surprisingly good for what we were expecting.I'm not exactly sure why, but every time I've been here with my friends, we're the only ones in the restaurant doing all you can eat. And I don't see any other yelpers even mentioning all you can eat. Must be this little secret that only we know about, for a price of about $25 after tax and tip. This is also the only place I've been to where the servers will occasionally come by and stir the meat on the grill around or cut up the bacon for you in an all you can eat Korean BBQ dinner.There are times where the servers will overrule you. Once was when we were moving/flipping the meats around and they come right up, take the tongs and do it themselves. Another time was when I picked the kimchi off the grill right after the server put it on (because I like my kimchi raw) and she picked it off my plate and threw it back on the grill, instead giving me a different piece, still raw but less pickled, and it was amazingly good. Since they are the connoisseurs of Korean BBQ, I suggest you let them work their magic.I think the highlight of the night was when our oil drip tray was completely full and we had to ask the server to replace it. One of my friends cracked a joke about how she's never seen that much oil before that she needed to replace it. It ended with her spilling oil on her arm and the floor. Poor girl, at least the oil wasn't hot (I hope).It's not the cheapest all you can eat Korean BBQ in town but probably the best I've had.Edit: forgot to mention that for all you can eat, the sirloin and kalbi are limit one order, which was fine with us because those were probably the least impressive meats.
1	Dirty, flys all over, waitress brought 1 menu for party of 3 and she forgot one of the orders, food was just ok and expensive.  So many better Korean restaurants in town.
3	Pros: clean restaurant / restroom, fast service, decent side dishes, lots of selections, Kim chi fried rice, open seating, and they do most of the cooking for you.Cons: they don't explain the menu or offer AYCE, pricey, no fountain drinks, they put raw pork belly next to already cooked beef brisket, slippery stainless chop sticks. It was very hot, no AC and the fans were only directed to big groups.Overall, I'll visit again and give them one more chance... Maybe.
3	I have never heard of korean barbeque without lettuce!!!! They gave us some kind of salad that was bland. I just didn't enjoy the meat cause they were tasteless that i literally had to dip everything in the sesame oil to get some taste in it. Coming from a korean background i have tasted better and expected more from a Korean restaurant.
4	I love Korean BBQ and this place won't disappoint you. their food is very tasty and they offer different options for everyone. we ordered a "combo" for two which included a soda or rice alcohol drink (kind of strong) and 3 different types of meats.  They are also open extended hours. service: Fairprep time: 8 Minatmosphere:  relaxing, good place to enjoy with a group of friendsBest Thing: at the end of your BBQ meal you can enjoy some fried rice.worst thing: they do not offer a lot of the small sides that other Korean restaurants havePrice: one of the best prices in town
3	This is not the traditional "eat until you drop" Korean BBQ....if you are looking for a quality selection of meats and kimchi this is the place. I would go again if I was in the mood for Korean BBQ.  Not worth 4 stars, 3.5.  I was not a fan of the squid.
5	As many of my yelp friends know, I am still an activist for anti-discrimination of Asian-Americans. Many of the top Asian-American elitists who are members of our organization meet together once a month. 99% of the the time we meet at either Sushi on Rainbow or HONEY PIG. It's just become our spot to discuss business. Also, we consider the honorable Mr. Jake Lee to be quite a respected figure in the LV Asian-American community, so we eat here to show our respects to him. Mr. Lee is so respected that even the Japanese members of our agency see him as a great role model for their community.I'm a Yakiniku guy. But, HONEY PIG is the only Korean BBQ that I would prefer over Yakiniku(for those of you who do not know, Yakiniku is the Japanese variation of Korean BBQ). Yakiniku restaurants are known for using very high quality meats, but the beef at HONEY PIG is much more tender and higher in quality than even the most expensive Yakiniku joints in San Diego or LA.There are lots of really good choices here in LV for AYCE Korean BBQ, but they just can't compare to HONEY PIG. Sura is also a great choice, but it can't touch THE PIG.  Don't get me wrong, I love Sura and the service is really good but HONEY PIG just has much more superior quality meats and it's  always perfectly marinaded. I hate how at the other Korean BBQ joints in town, they rush the preparations and the meat does not have that full flavor of the marinade. You won't get that problem here at THE PIG.   Just to let you yelpers know, you can't satisfy Korean customers. You can bring your Korean friends to the best Korean restaurant in the world and they will still give it 1-star.  Korean's always compare restaurants to their mother's cooking and if it doesn't taste like Mom's kalbi then it officially "sucks" to them. So if you are Korean, then maybe don't come here. If you are Japanese, Filipino, Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese, etc then come on over.  Some yelpers are claiming that the staff won't treat you well unless you are Korean. That's just not true. Most of us are very visibly Japanese, and we get VIP treatment.  I don't know, maybe they just treat us good because we spend so much money.  I mean, if you are Asian-American and your household doesn't have investments and assets worth at least over 1.5 million, you probably should be pretty embarrassed to call yourself Asian.Mr. Lee does a very good job with his restaurants. I see some people wondering if the HONEY PIG in Los Angeles is related to this location, and the answer is that his brother owns that one. All I can say is that I got nothing but respect for Mr. Lee and his HONEY PIG. What a great restaurant to have here in LV.
1	Horrible service! Will never come back here again. All my yelp friends beware. If your ever in vegas don't come here unless you want to leave hungry!!! Have to put 1star rating coz I have to!
4	very good, but they don't always have the all-you-can-eat during convention dates.
4	Beef tongue and squid are a must!  But what the hell am I doing wrong when I order from the set combo meal that includes fried rice and both times I did not get it?!  Not that I could have eaten it because the amount of food you get is enormous. Still, I would have enjoyed rice fried on the same cast iron dome that the marinated pork belly was just on...   That's flavor country my friend....
5	Com here for lunch! Had lunch the today and absolutely adored this place!They have a lunch special, all you can eat, YES, all the Korean BBQ you can eat, for 15$. Come here with your appetite, because the portions are huge! We had the spiced beef and at our server nearly insisted that we have the pork belly, we also had another beef dish that the server recommended, all incredibly tasty.  My boyfriend also had the cold noodles, and tells me they are as authentic as the ones his mother made when he was kid, he nearly licked the bowl. All the food is cooked at your table and our server was incredibly friendly and helpful.
1	I'll make this brief. Found hair in my meat, there was barely any room on the table, and the service could've been better.. Ehh.. Not my cup of tea
4	So I've been meaning to write an update for Honey Pig. A few months ago I decided to give Honey Pig another chance, and I've been completely happy with the service since then! It has become my "regular" Korean bbq spot. Since I've been going there so much, they know me by now and are very much attentive whenever my boyfriend and I walk in. They immediately bring over the AYCE menu and the brisket dipping sauce that we love so much! (if you haven't tried it, be sure to ask for it, it tastes good with everything!) I honestly couldn't ask for better service. Also, their pork belly has defeated all other pork bellies in any other Korean bbq restaurant (for me at least). Last time I ordered pork belly at a Korean bbq restaurant in California, it tasted so bland and flavorless. Honey Pig's pork belly is so full of flavor that you almost feel like you just can't stop eating it. My boyfriend has even grown to love it, and he's not a big fan of pork belly.If you are in Vegas and looking for a great AYCE Korean bbq  restaurant, this is your place. AYCE is served until 10 pm, but as long as you get there before 10, they'll serve you past that time.
3	So I went to Honey Pig today after so many years of go to Pho So 1 and seeing Honey Pig Korean BBQ down by the corner.  It was a little weird I have to say.  My family and I always eat rice with meat and soup at Kbbq places.  This place serves it at the end. This was just different...but may be it's traditional I don't know I'm not Korean.  We walked in and sat down right behind the fish tank.  They got a pot of hot tea for us right away( we didn't ask, that was nice) We got combo A which came with brisket and pork belly.  I like the banchan and the service was really good.  The waiter came and gave us second serving of banchan which was great because we liked pretty much everything.  Since combo A came with 2 different meats only the banchan help filled us up.  There were 3 adults and one small child.  It came out to be $43.22.  It even came with 2 sodas that we splited.  It wasn't that crowed because it was 39 degrees out.  Overall it was good, the waitress came and ask us if we wanted the fried rice, we said yes.  She cooked it for us and we ate and it was very nice.  I have to come back and do AYCE because I didn't get to try all the other meats they offer. It might get 4 stars next time. BTW, if you're ever in L.A. there's a place that I like that they make porridge at the end of the meal.  The place is called Seoul Garden on Olympic & Alvarado, The 5 course meal is called Jingee-skan... it is so AWESOME!!! I MISS THAT PLACE!!!!!
4	The BBQ is really good and the service was terrific
4	This place jumps all over with me. Hit or miss. Was victim of some bamboozlement a few visits ago, but I think the last visit made up for it. If you've been here before and the menu seems a little fishy, demand for the LOCAL MENU!!! I'll leave it at that...Had some visitors from Minnesota during our cold front. Two were noobs and the other two were well experienced Korean BBQ specialists. We all jump on the AYCE menu. Banchan sides were set with a bunch of garlic and jalapeno peppers.                     (please forgive me if I spelled the food incorrectly)Round 1:Beef brisket (Chadol Baegi) and beef tongue (Gyutan). It's what's for dinner. Noobies weren't big fans of the beef tongue. Both tasted good, although I prefer the brisket over anything that can taste me back.Round 2, 3, & 4:Pork Belly (Samgyeopsal). This was THE BUSINESS!!! These cuts were GIANORMOUS!!! Even the noobies were in awe by the majestic slabs of pork belly staring them in their eyes. PORK BELLY GET IN MY BELLY!!! Round 5: Marinated beef short ribs (Galbi). We finished off the feeding with something marinated. Not that big of a fan, but it was good. I'll pho'ks with it. Honey Pig's brisket and pork belly got me hooked again. Only time will tell if they can stay consistent. We've been lucky to keep getting the same waitress which is on top of her game. I'll be watching for anymore bamboozlement. YAY! I'M A FAN!!!
2	This place food was not memorable to me.But I remember service was bad.The waitress kept insisting to cook for us, but the problem was that she didn't cook enough meat. My friends and I wanted to cook ourselves, but she refused to.It was frustrating.
5	Honey Pig! How I Love Thee!Let me count  the ways...- Staff, EXTREMELY Friendly- BBQ Grills, soo cool! With it's china man hat shape. Awesome!- BBQ. We got the biggest combo possible. It had EVERYTHING. Pork, Seafood, Beef, Chicken... and all the awesome other "stuff" that may scare people hehe. It was beyond delicious!- TONS of BanChan (little complimentary side dishes)- Soju... soo good- Sake. Unfiltered Sake to be exact. I can drink this til I'm silly its THAT GOOD- Beer. OB, can't go wrong!One word to leave this review with - AUTHENTIC!Honey Pig will now me a mandatory stop for me when in Vegas, even beating out my old favorite, Lotus of Siam.Side Note: I left my ring at the restaurant by accident and they held it for me, so kind!
2	This place food was not memorable to me.But I remember service was bad.The waitress kept insisting to cook for us, but the problem was that she didn't cook enough meat. My friends and I wanted to cook ourselves, but she refused to.It was frustrating.
3	tastes like the honey pig in LA.it's really busy and the kbbq was nothing special.I wish the fried rice was less soggy and more crispy.
5	Live and drink here
2	I am conflicted on how to rate Honey Pig. I liked the quality of the meat and the fact that they basically cook everything for you. What I am not a huge fan of is how understaffed they are, the upcharge on items without notice, the lack of kalbi during lunch, and the limitation of it on dinner. We rolled in as a large party of 10 and sat in the back. It took some time for the lady to get to us and start the grill. Half our party was eating while the rest of us were waiting to start. When we began, we were happy with the food for the most part. The meat could have used some seasoning if the sesame oil dipping sauce was not to come with salt. The marinated meat just tasted too sweet.Once we got started, the attendant started to loosen up. We didn't eat that much and asked for the bill halfway through. It threw her off and she kept offering to bring out more food if we needed. Overall, she was rather nice, but we all had to get to work or do errands. Honey Pig was decent, but I have other places I would go first if the need for Korean BBQ hits.
1	WAY OVERPRICED!!!! we paid $69.00 for 2 people and it wasn't even all you can eat!!! No lettuce, radish or rice wraps were served. Food was good quality but its hard to mess that up! I've had Korean BBQ 1000% better for $17 per person.  This was $35 per person.  I will never go again... Someone posted I should ask for the "Local" Menu.... You should never have to ask for the local menu...
4	Every time I want a delicious and fun meal with friends I think of Honey Pig on Spring Mountain. it's by no means the best Korean style food I have had (that honor goes to Mr. Tofu in my book,) but it sure is good and usually a great time. For as low as $50 for 3 people to dine, you can really have a filling meal. The girls that work there are so nice and attentive. The round table style dining is great for catching up with friends over a tasty bite of pork belly or grilled kimchee. I will be back again and again! Happy Eating!
3	This place has real potential, but unfortantely for them... weird policies and horrible service kills it. I've heard a lot of great things about Honey Pig, but I just don't see where people are getting from.Honey Pig is slightly different than the other KBBQ places in town. Unlike the other spots, the Pig has huge cast iron dome. They grill most of the side dishes and still leave space for the meats if you order AYCE.The AYCE has alot of catches. The menu doesn't indicate it, but you can only have one order of the rib-eye, which sucks cause that is usually my favorite dish. I found it odd because pretty much every other AYCE KBBQ joints has unlimited portions of Kalbi. The AYCE is limited to pretty much from 5pm - 10pm. So look to Sura, Woo-che, or Tofu for a light night fix. I found the Bulgogi to be incredibly sweet, seemed like it was over marinated. The spicy pork and beef tongue were on point. The side dish choices are limited and inconsistent. We went one time and they didn't even offer kim-che until we asked for it. WTF?The service here sucked. We came in for lunch were 1 of 2 parties in the whole restaurant but we still couldn't get decent service. Our server forgot our orders, messed up some of the sauces and we had to hunt her down for re-fills. The 2 times I have been here I have been disappointed, not sure if I can suck it up and come back for a third.
4	Stopped by here when I was craving some Korean BBQ. This place had decent AYCE Korean BBQ with a huge selection of cuts and meats. We had kalbi (one of my fav things to eat), pork belly, and short ribs. But the best part of the night might have been this corn dish that our server made for us. It was corn, mayonnaise and maybe cheese? and it was f-ing fantastic. The servers were fantastic as well. I'm pretty helpless in the cooking department (even in making KBBQ!) and they came around and cleaned our grills, flipped our meats and made sure we had enough of everything. This was a great place for Korean BBQ. Definitely will come back!
3	If you like pork belly, this is a place to try. There is a call button on every table. Bring a group to enjoy more food. 5 or more gets 18% included. all can eat dinner is 21.95 Enjoy!
1	The food deserves five stars. However, I can only.give one because of the poor service. I GET BETTER SERVICE AT MCDONALDS! My friends and I always go there on the weekends after 12am (since they are open til 8:30am) after work to be welcomed by horrible service EVERY TIME:- not ONE eye-contact- responds with her back towards us- maybe she thinks this is her house: serves us food, goes back to her area, sits down with her legs crossed, eats food, and watches TV. I am sorry to say but we all lose our appetite when.we see her. The only reason we keep going there on Sundays is because we are altogether off. I hope they change the waitress. Please..
4	Wow the short ribs were amazing!!! And the strawberry wine was not bad either...lol
5	We had one of our best meal here from this week! (first time to HP) We have been to probably more than 100 times to Korean AYCE restaurants. Here's my review:Food: 4 stars - everything tasted so good. They give you sliced up kimchi and marinated bean sprouts to put over the cooking pan. They tasted so good once they were cooked. The meats were all tender and the marinate on the bulgogi was tasty too. What a great concept! Lunch was $15.95 per person (kids over 4 years of age too..). And I believe dinner is $19.95? (not sure).Service: 5 stars - the lady that took care of us was so nice. She also gave my kids extra corn cheese on the house. She also gave us "GaeJang" on the house (marinated spicy raw crab). She made sure we have enough of everything and checked on us in a timely manner.Ambiance: 4.5 stars - a great place to go with your family or friends. The location is little tricky to find for a first time patrons. There's another AYCE restaurant  in the same shopping center so don't get confused. Honey Pig is little deeper inside the shopping center on Spring Mountain Road in the center corner area.I have been to numerous Korean AYCE in Los Angeles and Orange County. This is a good place to eat and you will not regret it. I will be back soon.
3	This was a tough one to review, and really could've swung from a two to four star at any given hour.Food -- 4.5 stars.  we had Korean BBQ,, meaning the meat is cooked at your table.  We had an excellent combo for $50 dollars or so that easily fed our table of three.  There was planety of Bancha (sp? side dishes) that came with the Order,, though kind of bland.  We received pork belly, pork neck, short rib, and bulgogi (a little sweet) and prime rib.  Unlike most KBBQ places, the servers actually placed everything and starting the cooking process.Service -- 2.5 stars.  This is definitely the achilles heel.  Having read a lot of review, we went at like 5:15 PM.  We had excellent service in the very early going.  However, as more people came in the staff was entirely slammed.  They were a good staff,,, but ENTIRELY understaffed.  They could have easily had two more food servers/runners and all would've been busy.  Drink 3 stars-- Reasonably priced but kind of a small collection,,, of course we had Hite beer.Price 3.5 stars -- The portions are pretty darn large.  For $50 our combo served three pretty strong eaters and we were stuffed at the end.I would certainly return,, and would like to try the hot pots next time.  It's a good place,,, but I will definitely be cognizant of the hours that I go.  To echo most thers,, definite potential for a 4-5 star,, but some problems for now that keep their ceiling low.
3	It was fine.   Service was good.  This place doesn't suit me. When it comes to AYCE Korean BBQ, I  prefer the self serve type so I can  take as much as i want and when I please and cooking my meat that way I like it.  Honey Pig offers neither.  The banchan was Ok, nothing spectacular.  I prefer Sura. I also thought ala carte dishes were kind of expensive.
4	I love all places named Honey Pig.  Great selection of food. Love their combo meals.  Love the meal where you take the rice at the end and put it on top of the grill mixed with the bean sprouts....  So delicious!  If there's every a Honey Pig nearby, I'd get going and be on your way!  So good.  Wish we had one in Seattle.
4	Honey Pig is good, recommended to my by a good Korean/American friend.  I've been twice, both times around lunch time, and we did the AYCE lunch.  I thought the food was good and the service was good as well...but it wasn't busy at that time so it wasn't a problem.  Based off my experience I would go there again, but may check out some of the other Korean places with high reviews here on yelp.
4	Any place with the beautiful word pig in it, is a place i shall go to!!  It was great!!
1	Family in town and wanted to grill some meat, so I decided to come back here. I forgot why I hadn't been back here for over a year. I was reminded why when I read the menu again.  The selection for AYCE is restricted to one plate of meat. WHAT A JOKE! So I laughed and told the waitress they should change the name to "One plate of each item" vs AYCE. She didn't think that was funny and walked away with a rude look. We all got up and walked out. Headed for SURA instead.  Stay way!!!
4	This place is like McDonalds for me. Its consistent good. It's not the best quality kbbq meat, but it's damn good, and good enough. The meat drippings fall onto all that kimchee and bean sprouts which they use for an excellent heart stopping fried rice at the end. This time my family of 4 ordered a combo for 3-4 and the blood sausage soup (best here). Didn't even make it to the rice at the end. Totally stuffed and completely satisfied. Amazingly, the male server was very polite and attentive too. He needs to teach those ladies how to do things.
4	This is our spot for Korean BBQ.  Really good quality meat and good service.  For $22 per person, you can order all the meat you want.  I believe some of the premium meats (i.e. Kalbi) has a limit of one per person, but the quality here is always great.Service is solid.  Quality of food is great.Sometimes they change their deal (i.e. If there is a convention in town they don't offer all-you-can-eat option).  I'm not a big fan of the plaza.  It's dirty and the people there are questionable (next door is a Big Lots).Anyways we 're fans of Honey Pig for Korean food,
1	I am Korean and have been to several of the Honey Pigs around California. Needless to say I really enjoy the food and atmosphere of this unique dining experience.  I was in Las Vegas for a conference and knew that there was a Honey Pig in town. I invited my guests from Korea as well as my caucasian customers locally.  As soon as I entered, I noticed something was very different to the other HP's I've been to.  I wanted to impress and ordered the top quality beef to start. As soon as it came out on the plate, I noticed that it looked different. Like it was still semi frozen. We started to eat and knew right away that the meat quality was sub par.  After only eating half the order, I thought we would switch gears and order the famous pork that is what draws people to Honey Pig.   I need to save a little 'face' with my guests and went with what made Honey Pig famous.......the pork belly.   Regardless of restaurant, the meat quality is bad here.  I asked the waitress if the owners were the same as the original owners from LA. They told me it wasn't, that they just paid for the name. No wonder, food quality is definitely not the Honey Pig that I know.  For Korean BBQ, I have been to better in Las Vegas.  Lesson learned. If your in Las Vegas and looking for Korean BBQ, don't get fooled with this knock off!
1	I've frequented Honey Pig on several occasions a few years back with my friends for some good food and drinks. Every time I was here though, I felt that the waitress would look down on me as if I was a 5 year old child and it wouldn't matter what I would say or want from her, she would simply ignore it. After these repetitious experiences, I stopped visiting until one day my family was moving. My poor father, sister, and boyfriend had worked up a sweat all day long without water in the desert heat and decided to come to Honey Pig since it was the closest Korean restaurant.When we walked in, the place was busy but not packed. We were asked to pick a seat and was given the menu and iced water to start-- hallelujah. We finished the pitcher of water faster than you can say Mississippi and asked for another pitcher of water. The waitress eagerly answered yes but did not budge from where she was standing. She continued her conversation with a fellow waitress and I kept giving her an evil glare, hoping that she'll feel my radiating energy but she didn't. When she finally moved to take our orders, I asked for water again and without apologies, asked her coworker to grab another pitcher for us. After waiting a good while for our food, it finally arrived. The bulgogi was a little dry and too sweet. Even though we had been moving all day and thus starving, we were hesitant to finish the meal. At one point, my dad asked for some more lettuce and jalapenos and, no kidding, had to ask 4 times before someone even pretended to listen to our needs. I ordered the naengmyun and I must say it's one of the worst I've ever tasted and let me just tell you, I'm a naengmyun fanatic and have had my fair share of good and bad noodles. It was simply salty and nothing more to it. I must have taken three bites before I put my chopsticks down and refused to eat any more.I've held a "tip-dependent" job since my freshman year in high school and I'd like to think that I know what good service is. Unless I am highly dissatisfied, I tip at least 15% wherever I go. However, at the end of our meal I told my dad that he should only leave a $2 tip because of the less than desirable food and even more horrible service. I guess if I was starving for a week without water, I'd rate the food as decent but simply for service, I would never come back. I don't know how I even entertained the idea of coming back here after such a horrible experience but I know now, never again.
3	We went to Honey Pig last night for my birthday dinner. The gentleman who was our waiter at first was AWESOME he didn't mind telling us what everything was and explaining what things were. He even brought us a special sauce that was his favorite.The food was awesome but the reason I give 3 stars is because after our waiter left at the end of his shift, the young ladies who were still working gave less than stellar service. We never had our water or tea refilled and they stood at the counter and stared at us for a good 45 minutes. The food is worth it though!
2	My two stars come from the food quality. I like the food. HOWEVER...Their service SUCKS! We came here expecting a nice lunch after attending my bff's daughters dance recital. When we walked in there was no one in the place, cool. I had to  use to restroom before we were even sat so I quickly ran off to the restroom, when I entered I almost busted my ass from slipping on the large puddle of random water sitting in the middle of the floor (no the toilet or sink wasnt leaking nor was there a mop bucket in there). Despite the puddle of water on the floor the restroom was clean. The over all cleanliness of the facility was clean. It was a Saturday afternoon (during lunch time hours according to their menu instructions) and we chose to get the AYCE for lunch. The waitress notified us that during the weekends they only observe the AYCE dinner pricing, AYCE lunch pricing was for during the week only. Okay, fine. Next she asked how old the child with us was, we told her she was 7, so she said that the child would only be half price. Cool! BONUS! Why a bonus? Because this child eats like an adult. Our initial food came out quickly. YUM! So being that there was a total of 4 bodies at the table, hungry bodies at that, you would think that we would be monitored by our waitress or wait staff to see when we were out of meat and veggies, but no we weren't. If we got more food it was because we had to flagg them down. Then when they would bring it out it would sit on the table holding the warm tee crap that was across from us. When it finally arrived at the table they would throw it on and turn the heat down. WTF? WE ARE HUNGRY! Why would you turn the heat down? It was cooking to slow. So every time I would make my cousin turn the heat up some staff member would come by and turn it down. WTF? Is this the way that they keep you there longer but not serve you AYCE because theres a time limit? I also had to ask twice for a drink. I was willing to let all this shitty service fly right over my head because the food was good, and never mind it until the bill arrived....1. We were told that the child would be half price. They charged us full price. I took my bill up to the front counter and notified the kid up there it was wrong and what it should be. After fumbling with the calculator trying to prove they had charged me 3 full price and 1 half price, he finally realized I was right and then proceeded to blame the cash register being incorrect because they just installed a new system. Whatever. I was able to figure out our total bill including tax on my phone before he was able to fix it in the system. 2. After he fixed the bill and handed it back to me I noticed that the sales tax rate was at 8.15% which I am pretty sure that the current tax rate in Clark County, Nevada is at 8.10%. After seeing this I decided that they could use the extra few cents they got from me on charging the wrong tax, as their tip. I didn't even bother asking him to fix this.Ya know I am a good tipper, a really good tipper when I get excellent service especially. I know what its like to be a household that relies on income that is generated from tips. And this place just flat out pisses me off (like you couldn't already tell).I will never return to this place. Dry the bathroom floor, fix your cash register, correct your tax rate and pay better attention to your customers! Get your shit together Honey Pig before another Korean BBQ spot turns turns you into BACON!
4	Delicious and not expensive. Perfect place to take your family or the big eaters you want to treat to a Korean BBQ dinner.
3	I think sometimes people may be a little over critical on reviews. Thankfully, despite reading reviews when you want something bad enough the best way to know for sure is to try it yourself.The food:  definitely not the best kbbq I have ever had, especially for the price. The choices are so limited and there are a few things you can only order once. Hello! It's supposed to be AYCE.  For the price you pay, you would think they would have more options on the menu.The service:  a lot better than I was expecting! Our drinks were refilled promptly, the food we ordered came out quickly, the staff was overall really fast and efficient.
3	I went here for lunch and didn't want to go for AYCE. I was just in the mood for some kimchi and Korean BBQ and Yelp kept telling me I needed to go here. So here I went.I walked in and the place was empty. Just two waitresses and they looked at me like I was crazy when I said it was only a party of one. My waitress sat me and gave me a menu but didn't ask me if I wanted anything to drink. When she took my order, she still didn't ask me if I wanted anything to drink. My food came out and she still didn't ask me if I wanted anything. I had to finally ask her. After that I never saw her again, until it was time for me to pay. So I think I can also confirm that the service here is spotty. Maybe they just don't care to be nice. However, my food made up for the experience. It was about $12 before tax and tip. I ordered a lunch plate with meat and noodles and it was good. I really did enjoy my lunch. I left satisfied and full but with the crappy service, I just don't know if I would return.
4	so good!
1	Worst Korean BBQ I've ever had. The brisket was fatty and tough, the Kalbi they did have on the Menu they didn't bring out until way later when they've tried to fill you up with the low quality stuff to get you full,   limited sides..... Will not be going back...
4	Finally getting around to writing my review. The meat is delicious, sides are sorta sparse with salad being the main veggies. It is also ridiculously hot in here!  Service sucks even if you are asian. So if you have anyone that speaks korean, make sure you bring them along so you get better service.
4	Some might say that the problem with Korean BBQ is that there is just way too much variety at your fingertips, with the millions of little side dishes and the 10 different types of meat you can order...well, I say unto those people, YOU CRAY.  I LOVE Korean BBQ because of this very reason. After a stellar performance by my little goddaughter at her dance recital, our little famished group decided to go pig out on some delicious grilled meats. When we got there, there were only two other groups there but as soon as we started ordering, the place filled up quickly. There was only one server and she looked like she was going to pass out from the pressure of serving 8 tables in this very very hot restaurant. She was running around like crazy and didn't remember anything we had originally ordered. FINALLY she called someone from the back to come and help her and things started running a little more smoothly.The food is definitely on point.  The meats all tasted great and I loved all the sides.  The bulgogi was lean and perfectly marinated, unlike some other places where you get an occasional fatty bite, which is disgusting.  The Pork Belly was sooooo good and one of my favorites. Next time, I'd like to try the spicy pork as that is always one of my favorites at all Korean BBQ places.At the end of your meal, they make fried rice for you on the grill, which I find to be incredibly strange because at this point, if you're not stuffed into food-coma status, then you're just a giant fatty who should stay away from AYCE anything...*Ahem Jenny D.* Overall it was really good. I wish the service had been better, but the food is worth it!  For $16 AYCE, there really isn't a lot of room to complain.
5	We were in LV for a trade show and usually, I go to Ginseng BBQ on the strip. Coincidentally, I got in to a taxi after dinner at Ginseng who is Korean. So he gave me two of his favorite places to try that don't use MSG. His #1 recommendation was Honey Pig BBQ. A few nights later, we went for dinner and wow! What flavorful food at really good price. For $21.95 each, we had the AYCE BBQ. We ate so well and we also got the kimchi jigae soup. Top notch food. I don't know what is the fuss with the complaints about their service. Every table was well serviced when we went. They were attentive and nice. Don't let those reviews stop you from trying this place out. It is a gem. I am super thankful I lucked out and got in to a taxi with a Korean driver. I scored! Oh and I should note that I travel a lot for my work and I make a point of finding good Korean food in every city, big or small. Trust me, this place is awesome!
5	This is the best Korean BBQ place I have ever been to.  The wife and I came with 2 friends at about 3 in the morning after a night of partying.  There is no all u can eat at this time. I don't remember what we ordered.  What I do remember was how good the meal was. The sauces, the fresh meat, the veggies.  All were fantastic.  One of the best parts of the meal is when they bring the rice out at the end and make fried rice with all the scraps on the grill.  Your usually full at that point, but you can't resist the rice goodness. I will definitely be back.  Especially for the all u can eat. I can't wait.
1	Korean person here and I will have to say our visit was terrible, we ordered nang myeun which was just ok, but our bulgogi was tough and not flame cooked like it should be, it kind of came out sukiyaki style which we didn't want. I should have said something when the lady covered up our cooking table, but some places will cook up the meat in the kitchen and present it all cooked and ready to go, not this time, it came out soupy. The banchan (side dishes) were old and sour! Now maybe they can get away with presenting old over ripe side dished to someone who doesn't know better, but what a poor example to give to someone that knows better. Maybe a off day, but I will never go back. Service was not that thoughtful, just drop and go. There was just my table and another one in the corner, and you could tell there were others there before us because you could see all the old BBQ tables sitting around with old food laying around with no one cleaning up the mess. Yeeeech! a bad example of Korean cooking.
5	All sorts of meat, Vegetable grills, Rice crisps afterwards, all equals to heaven on earth. With much confidence I can equivocally compare this meal to a last meal request before I die or execution, but that would be going to far I'd presume, or even kind of odd in a sense to come up with, anyhows, if you are in the area and if you like bar-be-que than come here for a great meal and some quality time with friends!!!
4	This meal was a wonderful surprise. I went with a group of friends from work to celebrate a birthday. I had no idea what I was in for. We all enjoyed the 'All You Can Eat' option, and it's a good thing we did! We were delighted to find an array of vegetables set out before us - some pickled, some not. (My favorite was the pickled radish.) The server brought round after round of delicious meat and placed it on the cooking surface. You take it upon yourself to move the meat around, flipping and moving it around the surface. There's a serving of Kim chi and bean sprouts on the surface the entire time. You are served seasoned brisket, pork belly, seasoned beef, a delightful bulgogi and spicy chicken.Take your time and enjoy everything that is presented to you - especially the things that intimidate you the most. They serve the most amazing roasted rice tea that will keep you requesting refills. It's a delightfully quenching and refreshing brew with a flavor that cleanses the palette in an beautiful way. My tips for you: - Put the garlic cloves on the cooking surface. When they are grilled, they are amazing.- Let the beef get a dark char on it, then let it sit in the sesame oil for a minute before eating it. - The pork belly is INCREDIBLE when you let it carmelize on both sides. It it wonderful with sesame oil on it as well. - At the end, after the chicken - request that the next round is bulgogi fried rice. Let the rice sit there until you think it's burning, then let it sit some more. The goal is to get the rice cooked onto the cooking surface. It will caramelize and create the most amazingly sticky sweet crispy goodness. You'll have to use the metal spoon and some elbow grease to scrap it from the surface. It's worth every little bit of effort. At the end of your meal, they will bring you cantaloupe to start the digestive process. I hope you enjoy this as much as I did :)
4	i drove all the way across the dessert to have... korean bbq. ive had the honey pig in ktown/LA and this place was very very comparable, with the bonus of having NO WAIT!what i ate:- pork belly: you cant come to a place named after a pig and not have any pork. pork belly was oh so tasty- beef tongue: yum- galbi: very well marinated, and very very tender- fried rice: i know youre full, but trust me when i say, ORDER THIS. your stomach will say it's full, but you keep putting your spoon out for just one more bite. and then another bite. and then another. and then you look down at the grill and realize that its all gone! oh noes! oink oink!*TIP* we ordered meat a la carte, but if you get one of the combos, the fried rice comes out as part of the meal and you dont have to order thispros:- no wait! im used to the LA branch where the wait can be atrocious (at least ~45 mins)- service was pretty good for an asian place. the ding dong bell on the table really helped- owner was so sweet. it was chuseok, or korean autumn festival so she gave us traditional sweet korean rice cakes for dessertcons: - small tables. the grill pan dominated the table leaving very little room for the banchan and other things to eat. but seriously this is such a trivial complaint.would i come again? if i was in vegas and craving kbbq, sure
1	For starters I'd just like to say I was really optimistic about this place in the beginning, but I was pretty turned off by a handful of things. Firstly, they have about 4 beverage options. Literally. Coke, diet coke, sprite and unsweetened tea. I'm not a fan of soda, so I normally get water or lemonade. Who doesn't have lemonade!?!Secondly, when the server was asking what I wanted for the AYCE, every time I told her what I wanted, she basically told me no. I asked for bulgogi, she said she will bring it later because "she likes to cook the non marinated meats first." Then when I ask for fried rice, she says she can't do it until the end... So I'm guessing I was supposed to eat the rice all by itself? Thirdly, the portions of the meat were very small and we finished them quite quickly and had to wait a while before we got any acknowledgement. Mind you we're literally the only people in the restaurant.Fourthly, our server was sweeping/ moping in the middle of handling our food without washing his hands. They use the same tongs to handle the raw meat and the cooked meat, it's only a matter if time before someone gets sick from that.So after one order of bulgogi and one pork belly, we left. We were in the restaurant eating for about 25 minutes total. I've never had suck crappy service. You get better service at mcdonalds. And no. I didn't leave a tip.
1	I had their AYCE for the first time. Very disappointed. I ordered 4 different meats right away, but they only delivered 1.  I asked again, where's my other meats? 15 minutes of waiting and finally she brought another one (yes, they brought one by one). By the time the fourth meat arrived, the grill already burnt. So I asked for the grill to be replaced. The server totally ignored my first request.  I asked again, and this time with a different server to have the grill replaced. She told us rudely that we should order meat without sauce first next time. I explained nicely that I ordered 4 meats right away, and I expected to cook the one without the sauce one first. But unfortunately, the one the other server brought was the one with the sauce first. I had no choice but to cook the one with the sauce first.Each of the plate we ordered has a very small portion. For example, the short ribs we ordered, it only came with 2 pieces. And if you need to ask another plate, it will take another 10-15 minutes. They also helped cooking the meat for us with the tong that they use for both raw and cooked food. Cross contamination everywhere. Oh, and the potato appetizer I requested, never arrived.. I wouldn't go back ever..
5	We loved this place! First time trying Korean BBQ and Becky walked us through the entire thing - she was amazing!Three of us shared the combo #2 and there was PLENTY of food! We opted for the chum churum for a drink (included) to share- loved it!!!Will definitely be back!
5	This place is an awesome hidden gem among the many restaurants in Chinatown. You must ask for Becky as your server, she certainly makes the experience top notch, epically for a novice Korean BBQ-er like myself.
2	"Hey, Sandy, so the other day I was at --""Stop talking! There's not enough time! The meat is cooking faster than we can pull it off the grill! HUSTLE!" Whenever people are trying out KBBQ for the first time, they always make the same observation: "So you're telling me I am paying money to cook for myself AND serve myself?" You are, indeed! The thing about Honey Pig is that the servers will actually place the meat on the grill for you, but the actual cooking is up to you. So if you are two people like we were in the conversation above, it doesn't leave too much time for conversation because you are too busy cooking, chewing, timing, grabbing, flipping, drinking, etc. Notice how "waiting" is not one of the above? AIN'T NOBODY GOT TIME FOR THAT. Since the servers are putting the meat (+ kimchi, bean sprouts, and onions) on the grill for you, there's not a lot of freedom to pace the cooking process. My friend and I opted for AYCE, so each round just seemed rushed. The only time anything was NOT was in the beginning, when we asked for water - they said OK, and then forgot - and at the end, when we asked for the check - they said OK, and then forgot. Hmm. So perhaps not the best first and last impression.
2	My boyfriend and I frequent this place.  We always order the brisket.  However the last time there was a hair in his food.  We did not complain. We still came back a time after that and everything was fine.  I think now I would chose a different Korean BBQ over this one.
1	It's was 12:00am in the morning, there was about 4 tables seated and one server. We waited about 20 minute before being seated, then about another 40 minute before the waitress came and ask for our order. Then my sister's boyfriend had a question about something on the menu,then the waitress said she didn't have time to answer his question as she was busy serving other diners and left us.After about another 10 minute of waiting for her to come back, we decided to do her a favor and leave as she was indeed busy.Whether or not the food is good we wouldn't know, it's not really the waitress fault but, the restaurant should consider hiring another person to help out as well. : /
5	Best korean ayce bbq I've tried in vegas. Food was great and plentiful. The servers cook the meat for you, but I'm sure you could do it yourself. We did have to request rice tho (which was included in the ayce price) and the ayce menu. Friendly staff, I am definitely going back.
5	Honey Pig is like a crossbreed between DJK and Sura BBQ.  You have the choice of AYCE, but without the buffet table.  All kimchee, meat and side items are served to you.  The food definitely settles well and the service is great.  You know what's so freakin' cool about this place?!?  The Red Button!!  You press the red button and the servers come with more food!  It's all about the red button!
3	here are call buttons on each table to help you get service quickly. The rice cake in hot sauce is excellent. Good for large groups- BBQs on every table so you can cook to your hearts desire. Woot
3	Food was Good.. The waitress really takes care of you and will cook for you. It cost more than tofu hut. But, the all you can eat choices are smaller than tofu hut. Most of the item that is there you can only do one order per person. No soup or boiled egg included and the salad isn't as good as tofu hut's. With great company and conversations, it's allll good.
4	Honey pig for the first time trying to get my Korean BBQ fix. This is a nice small restaurant with great friendly staff. Our waitress was very helpful helped us pick out our meal. The marinated short ribs and bulgogi was awesome! Plus we got to cook ourselves so it was a fun experience. I will be back for sure.
3	In the Land of Pig and Honey.In one word:  Uneven.I brought a friend who lives close by China Town and promised an adventure.  For the most part, Honey Pig delivered - albeit a bit of a so-so one. The place has been recommended to me by two separate friends.  I had fairly lofty expectations.  As you pull into the parking lot, trash flanks the place.  As my companion commented, it looked like fairly consistent trash.  Not something that just blew in with the day's breeze, something that had remained.  When we first arrived inside, the server (who I must say did a fine job manning the place all by herself - 10 tables) offered us a seat at a table that had a random used salad bowl and empty can of Coke sitting on it.  Me and my friend stared at the odd arraignment, but the server never acknowledged them.  They remained... almost like a centerpiece to our table until fifteen or so minutes into our experience when the server finally took them away unexplained.The food was good - Korean BBQ fair.  We ordered one of the combo's for two people, which came with two types of beef, fried rice, salad, soup, and bean sprouts and kimchi.  The strange part came in the order - salad and meat first, then kimchi and bean sprouts, and then soup, and then finally fried rice.  It was an odd arraignment but overall decent.The pricing also seemed a little off.  It was around $45 for the two of us for lunch.  Its not too high, but I guess when most of the cooking is done yourself and you do a whole lot of waiting, the financials seemed a bit steep.Would I take the adventure again?  Most definitely.  But I'd probably choose a table on my own without the strange centerpiece.
5	The top korean bbq restaurant in Vegas.  I am not usually a fan of intestines but even that was choice.  For a korean restaurant the service was great (usually korean restaurants arent exactly known for their service).  The kimchee is perfectly ripened and I would recommend the soon dubu gook.
2	Food was just ok and overpriced in my opinion for the quality. The sirloin was very fibrous and chewy. The pork belly was also below average.The service was also not very good but they were busy at the time and under-staffed. Waitress almost never checked on us and shot us a dirty look when we pressed the table button, which is completely acceptable in Korea. Had decent sides and good atmosphere. The alcohol was a bit pricey compared to other restaurants. Will not return.
5	This place is fcken bomb..  And it's open till 830am! Yes..  830am...  Wtf?  Om nom nom
2	I always saw pics from this place and it looked good so thought I would try it out tonight..unfortunately it wasn't as great as I thought it would be. The service was slow!!!!!! We got seated quickly because there were a lot of open tables. However it took them awhile to ask for our orders. Even when they took our orders, they forgot some of the items. We decided to do all you can eat and started off with bulgogi, short ribs, and beef brisket..they just brought out the bulgogi and forgot the rest. When we asked for the rest, the waitress said 'okay' and made it seem like we didn't order it from the beginning. We also asked for drinks but even after 15min, they didn't bring anything (not even water). The quality of the food wasn't all that great either. Didn't leave a good impression that I want to go back again.. Only good thing is parking! Since it's in a shopping complex there's tons of parking.
4	Craving Korean BBQ, my boyfriend took me here for our little date today.  We came in around 2 pm and it was completely dead inside, meaning there was absolutely no one except the waitress.  This suited me just fine because it felt like we had our own private room to ourselves and the waitress focused on us the whole time.  The ambiance of the place is nice, each table set up with its own personal BBQ grill and it feels pretty cozy.  Since it was our first time there, the waitress recommended that we share a combo meal, which we proceeded to choose B set.  As we waited for the ingredients to come out, the waitress handed us a pitcher of what looked like tea.  Since we asked for water, we were pretty confused but we tried it anyway.  It definitely was not my cup of tea, excuse the pun.  To me, it tasted like cold red bean water, yuck.  After that, everything was great.  The waitress kept bringing out different foods for us to eat, the majority of which I had no idea what it was but I was feeling adventurous and tried everything.  Believing that my boyfriend and I were going to cook our own BBQ, I was again confused when the waitress started doing it for us.  I'm not sure if she did it cause that's how this place operated or if it was because we were the only ones in there and she was bored, but we had our own personal chef and it was great.  She cooked it perfectly and the food tasted amazing.  Overall, I say this is a great place to go on a date or with friends.  However, the only other downfall that I could find in this place was that the prices were pretty expensive for a little Korean BBQ place located in the corner of a Chinatown mall.  The total for my boyfriend and I sharing that one combo meal came out to about $44.  I'd definitely come back again every once in a while for a nice date, but its not a place to come often if you're short on money.
3	Oh, Honey Pig! How could you? Raised your prices and shrank your menu?  Things that were free are now priced or have to specifically ask? So sad.  Woonam Jung stole your crown, I'm afraid!
3	This review is based upon my first time to Honey Pig based upon recommendations from a number of Korean friends I have.  I opted for the "all you can eat" as it was a better deal (about $25.00 per person) than ala carte items from the regular menu.  I had to actually ask for the all you can eat menu, as they only gave me the regular menu, and did not offer the other one.  That being said, I do like the meat choices offered in the all you can eat menu. They offer the more common items such as bulgolgi and kalbi.  In addition, they offer sirloin, spicy pork belly, spicy squid, chicken and a few others.  I really enjoyed the kalbi (short ribs), sirloin, spicy pork, bulgolgi, and spicy squid.  Everything tasted really good in my opinion.  The one thing I didn't like, did not have to do with taste, but rather, with the fact that you could only order the sirloin and kalbi once, despite it being all you can eat.  I also did not like that you have to ask for rice, as they do not serve it with the meal.  On a smaller note, they also cook the kimchi and bean sprouts on the grill--probably just a taste thing, but I preferred those items cold.  The side dishes were fair, in my opinion.  I've had more variety and quantity in side dishes at other Korean bbq places.  I have read about bad service in other reviews, but I did not experience it here.  Although we had to flag our servers down a couple of times, she was prompt and pleasant with whatever we asked for.  I had also read about service being discriminatory if you are not Korean, but again, I didn't feel that way at all (I'm not Korean).  Overall, good, I would recommend others here.
2	While the food here is pretty outstanding, the service is greatly lacking. My party did the all you can eat option - while they were expedient when it came to bringing anything that cost extra (soju, short rib and kimchi bean paste soup, etc) it took almost twenty minutes to get water, and that was after asking three or four times. I don't think they ever brought out the short ribs. Almost every time we asked for another dish, they either took their sweet time or had to be repeatedly reminded. This did not make for a pleasant experience overall, but the food really was amazing. I love the grill apparatus that they use - I actually wish that they used it at a restaurant that focused on customer service. The prices were very fair too - this place could be a lot better, if they would get a more competent staff.
4	I've eaten lots of korean food all over and this place is great. Kimchee fried rice they make you is delicious. 40 bucks for 2 with heaps of food and a bottle of soju. There was 1 server at lunch time with 8 tables and she didn't miss a beat.
5	Our party of five ate at the Honey Pig last night.  We ordered what our waitress recommended and she did not steer us wrong. We had a nice selection of beef, pork, and sides. She brought the food quickly and prepared it for us. Everything was delicious and we washed it down nicely with a few bottles of soju. No problems with service as a few others mentioned. Our server was attentive and super friendly!!
4	Great Korean BBQ... It's not a buffet style, which I'm thankful for. Great place to bring friends, lots of fun every time I go . I will definitely return again and again.
2	When a friend told me about the format of this place, I was excited. It's cool to have food cooked right in front of you with fresh meats and vegetables. Unfortunately, the service and food disappointed. There was just no flavor in anything, and all the pork they cooked was tough and stringy. I'm not sure if they need salt or seasoning, but everything was bland. Both my friend and I had to literally stand up and hunt down a waitress every time we needed a soda for five minutes or more, and the place was not busy at all. The price tag was pretty high and I have no intentions to ever go back.
2	Poor lady, she was by herself on a busy afternoon. She was the host/server/cashier. Where did everybody go?Anyway, the combo meals are on the high side but pretty generous for the amount of food you get. Basically, you cook your food on the grill on your table. The veggies, noodles, meat, etc. comes out one by one. One thing I did NOT like at all is that we had to eat our meals without rice because the server said we can only have rice at the end.Excuse me, huh? What? I'm Asian. I need my rice with my meal. I don't eat rice after. I eat rice during. She was also in control of what gets cooked, how it's cooked, etc. We asked things multiple times because she kept forgetting or she was just by herself and didn't have time to everything at once. I understood and did not complain. Actually felt bad for her. Ugh, I dont know if I'll ever be back. If I'm craving Korean BBQ, I'll just go to Sura. Or if someone suggests something better, message me! :)
1	Okay so I've been to other kbbq places and this is not worth the money At all! The service was the worst part of all of it! We saw the waiter twice and had to pour our own water! There was a group of us and we ordered one of the combos which was 120 dollars which was a ridiculous for the amount of food we got! This combo also did not include rice or bean soup! Stay away there is far better places for kbbq
4	I'm always up to eat AYCE kbbq and my boyfriend and I decided to eat here for a change. We went during lunch so it costed $17 per person. I like this place. One thing that stands out is the rounded grill that you put your food on. Most kbbq places have a regular flat, rectangle shaped grill. We ordered pork belly, brisket, pork neck, and bulgogi. The pork belly was thick and juicy and it was tasty. The brisket also tasted good. The pork neck was basically pork chop and there was nothing special about it. We also got a bunch of side dishes that came for free. I love how you get a bowl full of kimchi!  Everything tasted great. Our waitress was also very kind. She helped us grill and always checked up on us. At the end of your meal you also get a complimentary cinnamon drink! It's suppose to cleanse you because you ate a bunch of oily foods. This place is just as good as tofu hut if you're trying to compare it to other places. It's good, but Sura is still my #1.
2	Oh, Honey Pig. I really wanted to like you in terms of AYCE! The service was pretty good here, in my experience. Our server was really attentive. There was not that many people in the restaurant eating though! The quality of the meats and the bean sprouts were not to my liking. The sprouts especially had an odd flavor to them. I felt like there was a lack of flavor in a lot of areas! If you are choosing to eat here, I would recommend the pork belly and brisket. Those were the best tasting meats on the menu. The two things I did like was the pickled radish and the way they flavor their "water" with a weak tea, which I found very refreshing! Also, their grill is a very unique, round inverted-bowl shape, which allows for cleaner grilling practices. To be honest, I've just had better and for a cheaper price.
3	With all the competition for kbbq all in the same area, it's hard to stand out. In my opinion, Honey Pig stands out with their superior customer service. There was only one lady on the floor and she had enough time to go to about 6 other tables including mine. Not only did she deliver our orders quickly, she cooked our food and cut it up for us. The decorations and pig theme are pretty cool as well.As for the food, their pork belly was great. They were thick cuts that had a lot of meat and not too much fat. Aside from that, the rest of their meat was decent. They have an interesting circular grill, which is different from most kbbq places. I never had to change the grill and it never burned the meat, which was convenient . After your meal, they offer you a complimentary cinnamon drink which is great and soothing. It's supposed to be good for you after eating oily meat the whole time.They should probably hire at least one more person on the floor, because it looked like our server was trying really hard. Most other yelp reviews say the service here is bad, but for one person doing the whole job, I commend her.
2	May I just throw it out there..NEVER COMING BACK TO THIS PLACE.The service was super slow considering the amount of people that were in here when we went. And although the price is average,the serving was rather on the small side.There's so many Korean restaurants out there that will give you more food and better service. Even when you have to cook for your own food, I'd rather do that than sit down here and wait for 49 years to get served!
1	Super slowwwww service. It wasn't busy and they were too scared to bring out all the meat at the same time, so that was super annoying. There's a two hour limit for dinner and you'll most likely hit it because it takes 20 minutes for your small portions of meat to come out. That's before cook time! Food is good but definitely not good enough to come back because the service was way too slow.
3	This used to be my favorite AYCE Korean BBQ spot but unfortunately they've raised their prices and shrunk the menu :( You can't do both and expect people to still love you the same!! They have also cut down on the Banchan dishes that they give out as well as the salad. There used to be a variety of greens but now it is just lettuce. BOOTheir service is not to be praised or frowned upon. They will get to you in a timely manner and your initial order of meat will arrive shortly BUT you will not see them much afterwards. It does not matter if they are busy or slow. Their food makes up for everything else. Their pork belly is very good! Probably my favorite out of all the spots I've tried in town. After seeing that their prices have gone up and their menu has shrunk but service has not improved to make up for these factors...I will probably choose to go elsewhere if I am craving Korean BBQ
4	Well my girlfriend and I came here for dinner one night because she had told me that this place was amazing for the price. I have never been to a Korean BBQ place before, and from what I heard from the girlfriend and many of my asian friends, this place was the place to be at.When we walked in, it was fairly quiet. Many other patrons were quietly eating their food. It looked like Honey Pig was airing out the restaurant by opening all the doors and windows, and having the vents on full power. Honestly it sounded like a factory or something haha. No biggie though, I'm there for the nitrosamine foods, not the noise.My girlfriend and I got the AYCE, which included several different meats. In my opinion, everything tasted great, but I especially enjoyed the bulgogi and the Sirloin. The Ribs were delicious as well! There was squid included, but honestly I don't like the texture of squid. My girlfriend said it was good though, so there's my review on that haha.I was very impressed with the attentiveness of our waitress. She came by often to help us grill and also bring more meat out. Although there were times where she looked like she had too many people to manage, she never forgot any request that we had.That cinnamon drink at the end tho!!! I think I wanted to take a gallon home! Haha! Overall this place was great for the price. Would I come back? Yeah probably... I hear there are many great Korean BBQ places in Vegas so maybe I'll check all of them out also.
3	I came here like a year ago before and they had all you can eat Korean BBQ for like 20 bucks they didn't have that anymore so me and some friends tried the 100 meal, lets just say for the price we paid I expected wayyy more meat so I was pretty disappointed needless to say the food there is really good but they skimp on the portions, usually when we do korean bbq they bring all meat out at once but they were super slow with that as well theyre definitely understaffed if they hired some more people service would be way better.
2	Worst service that I've had in a long time. Food was average at best and way over priced.
2	Very disappointed in the bad service, tasteless food, and uncleanliness of the restaurant.
4	Came here on a weekday and apparently it was a day where they stopped AYCE ony for a couple of days though. Regardless, we didnt wanna leave since we were already there, seated, and starving.  We ordered the next best thing, the 2-3 person combo.  I thought we'd be still hungry, but it definitely filled us up (3 persons).Service - it was a little bit slow in the beginning, but eventually picked up.  The waitresses were extremely friendly.Food - good food, who doesnt like korean bbq (galbi, sahmgyupsahl).  the bokeunbap(fried rice) at the end was awesome.Docked one star for the AYCE fakeout.
3	Our dining experience was interesting to say the least. We ordered a dinner combination that featured: fried rice, beef brisket, soup and pork belly. All entrees were served as courses, first the brisket, soup, pork belly and lastly rice; if you wanted rice with your brisket your SOL. The serves was good minus some minor language barriers (which ended up costing us an additional $25). I rated three stars because our food was good and the staff took the time to grill our food and told us when it was safe to eat.
4	They have good seafood tofu soup and their  39$ combo was perfect for two. The service was great. They brought everything we asked them. We've been here twice already and We'll come  back again.
3	You have a choice of AYCE and ala carte. We opted for AYCE. Lunch AYCE is $17. 1 order of sirloin steak and all you can eat Bulgogi, Kalbi, brisket, pork belly, short ribs, spicy squid. Meat is fresh and quality is good. Food is cooked on a giant metal brazier, called panchan. I got 2 orders of salad to refresh my palate. Not a lot of choices for the banchan dishes. Overall food taste is good, however, I don't like an AYCE option without any fish dish. Waitress, Amy Ko, was very helpful, always on her feet and fast.Ambiance: so-so. can be better.
5	Let me start off by saying that I have been jilted by Korean BBQ places in the past, having gotten food poising I vowed to never step foot in to a Korean BBQ place again! Sooooo 3 years later here I am at honey pig with my boyfriend (who loves this stuff and took me to the place that got me sick). When we stepped in we were greeted and sat immediately. We sat for a few minutes before our waitress Becky came back to us.We got the AYCE and we're not disappointed Becky never left out sides again (well ok she did but she was always in sight). Cutting our food, giving us tips, answering my wired questions. In fact this place is in my top 3 most attentive places to eat (the other 2 if your curious are there sterling brunch and Texas de Brazil).At one point the owner came in and checked on every table, talking and hanging out with some. I leaned on the buzzer by accident and she hurried over to me with a look of grave concern on it! She was so nice and so wall all of the staff! I would defiantly come back In fact this place is going on our dinning list (for when we take turns to pick where to eat)
1	This place used to be my favorite.  But now, am very disappointed with the quality, service, and the portion, the three major factors eating at a restaurant.  I would go somewhere else, there are more options in Vegas.
4	Best Korean food in town! Service is great and I always leave full! All you can eat is great quality, but the price is a little high. Then again you get what you pay for!
5	Don't let the yelp ratings fool you! Definitely one of the best Korean BBQ spots in Vegas!!!  Service was superb! The owner personally came to our table and showed is some tricks.... Will definitely be back here...
4	Food was good. Service was slow. Grilled bean sprout and kimchi was delicious. Not many side dishes, but that could be because we didn't know how to order them.
3	One of the best things about this place is that it's open 24 hours. So if you don't feel like getting the obligatory steak & eggs after the club/drinking, then hit up this spot. It was very authentic, where I couldn't really read anything on the menu. My friend, a Vegas local, ordered for us. I know we got some type of brisket and veggies. The sides included your typical KBBQ sides and a bowl of salad. The meal came with rice, which was cooked at the end, but it didn't matter cause we tore that up, regardless. I enjoyed the tea that they served in the beginning, too. I thought it was dirty water, but it was tea, so don't be scared to drink it.  The thing that impressed me most was that our waitress actually cooked our meal for us. I haven't read any of the reviews for this place so I'm not sure if this was typical but maybe cause it was dead at like 3am? I don't know, either way it was good, drunk food. I'm sure it tastes even better when you're not intoxicated.
4	I think Honey Pig is my new frontrunner favorite for Korean AYCE. Mostly because I loooove their Kimchi, and they give you buckets of it.The AYCE is a little spendier than similarly priced places, but the superior cuts of meat more than made up for it. They have all our groups perennial favorites, including beef tongue, so everyone in our group was happy. They were packed, and packed with big groups on the night we were there. And everyone we saw looked like they were having a blast. We certainly were.Pros;- Great food at a very affordable price. - Great for groups up to 8. - So much Kimchi. So much warmed, delicious kimchi. I'll take a bucket, please.- Tons of sidesCons;- Can get packed, and when they get packed, service starts to slow down. - Can be a little bit hard to find your first time. It's in the back corner of the little strip mall. Look for that happy pig.
4	Ayce is only certain times of the day. The meat cuts are perfect. The flavors delicious, they have an option at the end where they make kimchi fried rice, we were too full to try it but definitely next time. The assortment of side dishes are about the same as any other Korean BBQ place.
2	I went here for AYCE with a party of 3.  The restaurant was pretty empty but we received bad service. I can look past the service if the food is good, but it was average at best. They also have a limit on galbi in their ayce, which makes it a worse kbbq option than the many others around town.
1	I came into this place expecting good service but I guess not. I came here with 10 family members but unfortunately we couldn't be seated on the same table. So our food came and my table consist on 2 kids and 3 adults. The portion of the meat at my table compared to the other table of 4 was tremendously smaller. Not only this but the service was really slow and I don't even know why it takes so long to take out raw meat. Another thing that pissed me off is when I was cooking the meat on the grill and everything was already set in place the employee came and TRIED COOKING For us but FAILED. When she left the meat was not set on the grill correctly so we had to wait even longer to eat our food. And lastly stop deciding whether or not you can give us less portions than other tables cuz the kids stopped eating and turning off the fire when we still have food still cooking.
3	not really great for late night AYCE but the food was great overall although a la carte pricing is kinda expensive
3	At the time we went, it wasn't busy at all. There was two other families in there. Service was slow. Lots of side dishes. It was ok. What bugged me most was how the lady suggested what we should eat first... Excuse me but we came to eat. Not to be bossed around.Nothing special unlike how some people we know described.Pricey for the service and food we received. I prefer a diff place down the street.
4	Our first time eating Korean BBQ .... Wow!  Great experience!  Becky was a great host and waitress.  The fact that everything is done for you at your table really makes for a great experience.  Yes, there's Benihana, etc... But for $45 plus tip, we had amazingly fresh steak and brisket plus all the side dishes that come with it.  This was a slow served 4 course meal... Which I loved so be I prefer to nibble then scarf my food.  And it comes with a large bottle of beer or small bottle of Soju.
1	Well...it's not that often that a place that serves AYCE grilled meat can disappoint me but I guess there's a first for everything. Where should I begin? We came in around 4PM to a restaurant that was not even half full and waited for a table for 15 minutes. When we got to our table we were left alone again for 10 minutes. We were pretty hungry at this point so we order a bit of food. The waitress gave us a stern look and told us it was too much in a more than your mother's naggy tone kind of voice. I assured her we can handle it. Classic rule of dining is that the customer is always right, even if they are wrong. I shrugged it off. This hasn't been out first time to a Korean AYCE style restaurant but after our interaction earlier, I guess our server took it upon herself to make up our minds on how we want to eat. We tried to keep it pleasant and light hearted but she kept on getting pushier and pushier as the afternoon went on. At the end of dinner we had paid and left her a decent tip (18%) underneath one of the cups. We made sure it was visible so it doesn't get accidentally get swept away during the table being turned over. We were in our car and about to go when the waitress ran out to our passenger door and knocked angrily on my car door. I lowered the window and asked her what was wrong. Our astute waitress, still huffing and puffing angrily, said we didn't even tip her. I calmly said we did and where it was. She then replied with an "Oh..." and then quickly ran back inside. We waited there 5 mins to see if she would come out and apologize as I thought we were entitled one for the way she was acting and for leaving prints on my car window. We will never return here. Never have I been so turned off at dinner by bad service. Had I known that that was the kind of service I would be getting I would have spent my money at an In and Out and got my money's worth and a smile to go with my chocolate shake.
5	"Mom, it's HONEY Pig, not HUNGRY Pig." This I said about 500 times last weekend after I took my parents to their first Korean BBQ meal. My Mom was so impressed with the entire experience she felt compelled to literally tell everyone about the hungry pig, the cabbie, the bell hop, the dealer etc ...I guess I can't blame her, we had a really great time and a really great meal! The service was outstanding (I guess we look like big tippers or out-of-towners) because the servers ordered and cooked our entire meal for us. Which was great because I did not want to explain bulgogi to my intoxicated parents and their friends.  The pork belly was exceptional, like imagine the best bacon ever and at 8p on a Saturday night, there was no wait at all. 5 stars all around for the hungry pig :)
1	There is not enough server so I didnt get help as much as I need and it is very expensive and air conditioner is broken
4	Awesome food, spotty service. My family and I have been coming to Honey Pig for many years and they have always had very authentic, high quality food. They get quite busy when there is a convention in town or on the weekends, and they don't offer AYCE during peak times (unless they just don't offer the menus to the guests...). I personally love their honeycomb pork belly, which is basically a THICK slab of bacon, and their beef brisket. Their kimchi and bean sprouts are bombbbb since they put it on the grill. Speaking of the grill, it's a giant round lid looking thing, so table space is a bit tight. It also tends to get extremely hot, but they have fans scattered around to try to relieve the guests, but just make sure you don't sit on the receiving end of all of the smoke that gets blown by the fans! Oh, and they should offer making fried rice out of the leftover meat and kimchi, but if they don't, definitely ask your server! Service is inconsistent since there usually aren't enough employees for the amount of customers, but there is a service button on every table which you should definitely take advantage of because a server will be at your table almost instantly. If you can overlook the spotty service and the slightly high prices, this is a fantastic, authentic Korean restaurant.
5	One of my favorites for Korean BBQ!  Pork Belly, Brisket, Gyoza....everything is good!
2	Total bait and switch. They advertise AYCE and they even tell us that the combination dinner covers food for the entire table.  The menu looks no different than any other AYCE restaurants.  But as it turns out, there was no AYCE.  We found out later as we wanted to get more meat, and this was during dinner on a Wednesday night, the place was only two thirds full at most throughout the night.Our first clue should have been to leave when we found out they didn't have chicken on the menu, but then they agreed to substitute the squid in the combo for chicken, so we decided to stay - big mistake.  If you have kids that only eat chicken, it is not enough meat for what they provide you.They did come over and help us cook, and they did refill our Korean style ice tea.  But when the bill came, a $69.99 combination quickly turned into $99.47, and we only had 1 beer.  Turns out they had added gratuity already, but we were just 3 adults plus 2 kids under age 5.  We had to ask for more salad as the bowl was rather small for our table.  Such a HUGE disappointment for a nice promising name like Honey Pig.  It was enough food for up to 3 adults, no more than that, plus we had to request the rice.It was like someone was laughing at us the whole time that night for staying: "Ah-ha-ha. Ever get the feeling you've been cheated? Good night"- John Lydon "Johnny Rotten" January 14, 1978
3	Ever since my first Honey Pig in California I've been dying to eat there again. Unfortunately this is in no way related to that small chain. For Korean BBQ it's just ok.
1	A big disappointment! The kimchi selection was pathetic, the service was slow and impersonal, and the food are over priced for the quality. Will never go back there again.
2	First problem....they wouldn't up charge us for the honey pig, instead of the Korean pork belly! This is odd because I was happy to pay whatever the difference was between the two! Next, I ask to switch the brisket for the bulgogi...this was also shot down! Both dishes are the EXACT SAME PRICE on their menu! So then I asked why this wasn't allowed...she said because it just wasn't allowed. Soooooo it's not allowed to make ANY CHANGES to a combo...even if it would make the combo more expensive? Smh...bad management! I'm trying to spend more money and buy more products from your business and you can't even explain why substituting isn't allowed? Every waitress in there was rude and acted as if they were slammed...lmao there was three occupied tables and three waitresses!?! It was Wednesday at 10:30pm....I'll take my business to Pho So 1 the next time I'm in that shopping complex!
5	This place has awesome food and amazing service!!! It was our first time visiting the restaurant and the servers were very helpful and friendly. We tried a combo that included steak and brisket for the grill, soup, kimchi fried rice and a beer (plus all the dipping sauces, the sides, besides the kimchi and bean sprouts). The meat and all the sides were very fresh and the servers cooked everything perfectly. The combo could have easily served 3 or 4 people, so needless to say we had a lot of leftovers. I'll definitely come back for more Korean BBQ and for their great selection of beers.
2	okay korean bbq. not enough options on their menu. I can cook my own meat. they cook for you but I can do it on my own. just bring my meat to me
5	Korean BBQ on Steriods! Traditional Cooking style! Must Try!
5	(AYCE BBQ Review)Make sure you don't stuff yourself silly and save some room for the fried rice towards the end of BBQ'ing your meats. I seriously save some of my grilled meat/ kimchi/ soybean spouts and wait to enjoy them with the fried rice. That is the best and only reason that makes honey pig a step above the rest of their competitors. The fried rice costs an extra $2.95 per person, but it's worth it! My boyfriend and I just ordered one portion and it was more than enough for the two of us to share.This location offers exactly the same dining experience as the California locations. The service here is amazing (and that's saying a lot for this type of dining), the prices are competitive, the meats are a step above most AYCE Korean BBQ places and not to mention they are conveniently open 24 hours. We did the AYCE dinner which is $25 per person. The only limitation we encountered - you can only order 1 order (1 rib) of kalbi (marinated short rib) per person. The kalbi meat was moist, slightly on the fatty side, but tasty and well marinated. If all else fails, order the pork belly! We were extremely impressed with the quality of the pork belly here, I mean c'mon, this place is called honey pig; the pig is where it's at! It was super fresh, buttery, juicy and melt-in-your-mouth good; we had to get a second (& third) round. We also tried the thinly sliced beef brisket (too plain and dry for my taste) and the spicy pork (seasoned well and tender) but my tastebuds wanted more grilled and glistening pork belly. It's soooo good. All of the banchan offered were basic, nothing overly impressive, but they were solid additions to the meal. Also, the salad that comes with the meal is pretty standard. You can request rice or radish wraps if you want to enjoy them with your grilled meats as well. I can't say enough amazing things about the fried rice at the end, they add seasoned rice with bits of leafy greens onto the same hot grilling pan and fry it in the meat, pork belly and grilled kimchi juices. The best way to fry your rice is to let your rice sit on the pan for a few minutes, without moving it, letting it get super crispy and charred. If you're smart, you saved a supply of some grilled meat (preferably pork belly), grilled and charred kimchi and soybean sprouts and fry the rice all together with those goodies. Before you know it - your fried rice is ready to feast on and it was soooo worth the wait!
2	- 13 ppl at one table & 1 server- there was only 1 other table there- server dropped pork belly on my friends hat. then put it on the grill. & didnt even say sorry, just laughed. He took forever to bring out our food too. meat came out one by one.- The sides were limited, not much variety- meat was okay. Nothing worth coming back for
5	The food tastes amazing!We were pretty much the only ones there at 4pm on a Saturday.  But the servers were good and the food was tasty!  I can only speak about the bulgogi and the spicy soup though.  Next time we'll try the pork belly!
1	Kimchi is loaded with MSGHad kimchi ramen . they used noodles from cups that you can buy at Walmart  3 for $1 ...The only good thing about the thing was that it was "double" boiled so it was good for my cold Please avoid this place ... I guess if you want quality stuff pay $1.51 more and have a ramen at Monta  or any other ramen joint in LV ;)This is what happens when you get curious or being cheap ...
5	Great place if you want "All you can eat Korean BBQ". Huge parking lot, fast seating, good atmosphere, great service and food. You will not be disapointed with this restaurant. All you can eat is until 10:00pm
5	Always a must eat destination whenever we are in Vegas. Never disappoints. The food is always great. The waitress during this visit was so accommodating. Good idea to go during lunch - cheaper price for the same food you would get for dinner.
1	We waited for 20 minutes before we left.  Nobody so much as said hello. Have never gone back!
1	The worst customer service ever ... Had to wait a long time for them to bring us the meat for the grill , we order $25 all u can eat menu and it wasn't worth it ..... I won't be coming back here ...
4	First time here, the 3 of us opted for the combo, which as it turned out was more than we could finish!! Great food, with some of my best friends made it a great dining experience. PLUS, I have lunch for the next couple of days!!
2	I have heard that lots of people are impressed by this place so one day I decided to try it out with my friend.We ordered Korean BBQ,but I was disappointed.I expected a higher quality of meat and service but I have to say the food and meat here are kind of under average.Good ambiance though.The service was so slow and not so attentive.I tried this place twice and I still do not like what I ate.The price is also high.I am not sure whether I will go back again.
3	Huge amounts of food. We did the Combo set B for 2-3 people. It realistically could have fed 3-5 people depending on how hungry people were. I liked being able to try new meat parts I hadn't had before (pork neck) -- my favorite was the sirloin. The ban chan and kim chi was yummy and free refills. We were so stuffed that we couldn't try the rice but it looked and smelled delicious when they fried it on the cooktop after all the meats cooked. The seafood pancake could have been crispier. Good value overall and great for groups who want communal style meals.
4	Service a little slow but food was great. I didn't like that I had to ask for the fried rice that was included in my meal.
4	Honey Pig was my favorite AYCE KBBQ spot in Vegas. I used to frequent this place but just haven't gotten to for no particular reason.From what I remember, $25 for dinner with an extra charge for fried rice at the end. Go for the fried rice. One order is enough for 3 people. Recently told that AYCE is only served til 10p. Better quality than Sura or Tofu Hut.During my visit earlier today, we opted for something warm. For the first time, ordered the mushroom bulgogi hot pot for $34.99. Prior to receiving our order, we were served salad and an array of banchan. Our server was Becky and she was amazing. Refilled our banchan without even asking her. Served us hot and cold barley tea. Everything was in front of us without even asking.The hotpot is more than enough for two people. Had a sweet flavor with mushrooms, cabbage, bulgogi, rice cake, and noodles. Served with rice. Becky asked if we liked things spicy and she came out with jalapenos, chilli sauce, and crushed red chilli. The crushed red chilli was my favorite. Add it to your dishes!I'm coming back to try their other hotpot offerings because it hit the spot on a cold day. Also saw a sign for honeycomb pork belly that looks enticing. Asked our server what her favorite is and she said spicy squid and pork belly.I'm not sure if others have gone on a bad day, but service was impeccable. To be honest, I don't recall ever getting bad service the times I have gone. Despite the mixed reviews, I personally think Honey Pig is one of the better Korean joints in Vegas and would recommend it to others.
3	11/17/2014  Do not come here alone .Bring some 3 or more for Korean BBQ. Out of 5 dishes we have orders.I only love salted grilled mackerel.The rice cake soup to sweet.And Seafood pancake is not as good I expected some seafood and crusted rice cake texture but this one was a lot of eggs.Service is typical Korean place not that fast because they expected you to sit down and grilled and eat.If you order a la cart will really takes sometimes ,
1	To be honest, around 3-4 am it sucks here. There's only one person that serves you, place isn't even clean. There's still food and plates out. It takes forever to be served
1	SERVICE FUCKING SUCKS ASS. Food is great but waiters are so slow with bringing out the food. If you get the all you can eat, you cant even start out with what type of meat you want. There's a limit of 2 hours for the buffet which is fine but the fact that they take so long to bring out food it's as if you're paying for one meal and just sitting here for nothing. To top it all off, the rest of the waiters are sitting in the corner eating while they see us waiting for someone to bring out our food. This place is ridiculous. I would give this place negative 5 stars if i could and thats just being courteous.
2	I used to come here when I was young because my dad knows the owner but I never came back until around 10 years later. I had good memories of it so when my family decided to come here, I was excited.First off, the service. I had to ask the girl server three times to bring us new plates because they were all dirty. Once is fine but really, when you're bringing back new plates, wouldn't you think to check? Whatever, I wasn't courteous enough to refrain from asking her again and again to bring new ones. All throughout, we asked them to bring the bean paste soup out as soon as it was ready instead of later on like usual and they said okay. Ultimately, they forgot over and over until I finally yelled at them and they brought us three bean paste soups to make up for it, as well as egg. Keep in mind, we had babies who needed the soup to eat since they can't be fed meat, so they ended up sleeping by the time the soup and egg came out. We were all already super full too, and the soup was super salty. The only time they stayed good on service was when we were ordering more alcohol.Now on to the food. The brisket was the worst I had, and even if we got premium combo and another additional combo, the brisket stays in my memory as being the worst. That's usual though, but I thought the more pricier meats would be better. Nope. The side dishes tasted decent and the usual honey pig's kimchi and bean sprouts were delicious, as well as the salad. However, because the meat was no bueno, this place is an ultimate no.Won't ever be back.
3	Mediocre food, mediocre service, and price is relatively too high for the food you get
4	We discovered it 8 years ago and have been visiting this place every time we visit Vegas. Good food, good service, and the price are reasonable. Visited there last night and they are still good as expected. 4-star!
1	The worst korean bbq i have ever had. Meats had zero marinade. Bulgogi was just meat, no marinade. Everything took forever to come. Meat was served with no rice. We asked for rice and it came after all the meat was eaten. Soup never arrived despite assurances it was coming. In top of all this, was overcharged $20. If you want slow service, overcharge, auto gratuity, and plain meat, you should eat here. Imagine eating any asian protein with no rice. Complete fail.
2	Food was alright but the service was horrible. If you don't mind horrible service it wouldn't be to bad of a place to eat. Couldn't get anything we ordered the first time we asked. I think it was mostly because of understaffed and it was during a Saturday night. I won't go again but maybe not going on a busy night would make a difference.
4	Honey Pig is still one of my favorite Korean BBQ joints in Vegas. The servers are super friendly and frequently check on their customers to see if they need anything. The seafood soon dubu here is one of the best you can order besides the restaurants in korea town L.A. I also recommend the honey comb pork and spicy pork which you can cook yourself on the table or have them cook it for you in the kitchen. All the banchan at Honey Pig is delicious, especially the soy marinated potatoes and fish cake. I believe they have raised all the menu prices not too long ago and it is a little overpriced in my opinion, but I still find myself eating here at least once a month!
3	Pork belly is super good. Joomooluk is too peppery for my taste, but the kimchi oh man. The kimchi!!!!! So so good. Service was meh. It was fine at first and as the restaurant got busier, our calls went unanswered. Sigh. Prefer the chain in LA.
2	Beware of 'convention' pricing where everything on menu is 20% higher during major trade shows.
