5	The Hostile Grape is a one-of-a-kind wine cellar at the M Resort.  It's seriously, one of the most innovative things that I've seen in Vegas in a long time.  So this is how it works - first, you have to purchase a wine card (there is a onetime cost of $5 to activate the card).  Thereafter you take your card and browse their selection of more than 120 wines from all over the world.  Once you decide on a wine, you insert your card into a slot and you can choose to dispense 1 ounce, 3 ounces and 6 ounces.  Of course, the higher the ounce the more expensive it gets.   Most of their wines are in the $2-$4 range for the 1 ounce, which isn't bad if you're into wine tasting.  But keep in mind there are some pricier wines, too.  There was a wine for $47 an ounce!  My favorite was their Dillman Riesling.  I had a coupon that offered to match $25 if I put $25 into the card - total of $50.  It worked out because me and 3 other friends were only able to get through $40 worth of wine before we got tipsy and decided to leave.  One of the employees told me The Hostile Grape attracts people from all (legal) ages.  It's not just a place for the old and the bougie.  Even if you're new to wine or an oenophile, this place is a must-see!
4	I go here quite often- usually a mix of ages but a nice crowd on weekends.  They now have cheese platters to go with wine - at first no food so this is a plus.  Very helpful service - Andrea is my pal and she is always helpful with wine tips and suggestions.  I got the $25 match coupon and got $50 of wine.  It is also in my wallet so when I am ready for a few glasses I can head down to the M and have a prepaid evening!  A definite try.  The wine cards work at Veloce Cibo (the tower restaurant on the 16th floor) for wine and sake by the bar while you wait for a spot.
5	We went here while visting LV last weekend and loved it.  I wish we had one in Dallas.  The concept is fun and great for a small group who might not like the same wine.  We bought one card and shared $100 - we all had 5 or 6 tastes and still had $20 left!  Plenty of choices in wine to please everyone.  We ordered a cheese plate as well to munch on and it was great.  The decor is really neat and this is a place I would return to sip and chat.
4	If you love wine, you need to give this place a try.  Just keep your budget in mind.  It is very easy to spend several hundred per person here.Very trendy location to taste and drink wine.  There are almost 200 wines that you can try ranging from simple quafers to very upscale boutique wines.  Per ounce tasting prices are on the high side (300% above retail on average) but you can always opt for a three or five ounce pour at a discount.Find a wine you love, and buy the bottle.  This is an incredible deal.  Prices this way are just about retail.  If you do what we did, taste first, look over the wine list, buy a bottle, lounge on the sofas and enjoy the live DJ you will have an incredible time.The staff is well versed in the wine they serve.  This extends to the "hot" cocktail servers who know enough not to overfill your glass.  If wine is not for you, there is even a full bar that has some wonderful scotches.Highly recommended as a way to unwind without feeling like you are in a typical Vegas bar.
4	The Hostile Grape is inside the M Resort, which is off the strip as far south as you can get without leaving town.  The place has a wine cellar vibe on approach as you walk down a couple sets of stairs.  As you walk in you feel right at ease.  Great low lighting to set the mood.  Cool mix of jazz and electronica at a volumes conducive to conversation.  I'm not a wine expert but figured I would check it out.  Hundreds of wines to choose from either by the bottle or the glass.  Grab a seat at the bar or get a prepaid card.  With the card you can go around to a couple dozen wine tasting stations and have at it.  I got a single glass of white somethingorother for $10.  There is also a wide selection of beer and cocktails.I can see this place as a rendezvous point to start or end the night.  When I was there post midnight on a Friday there were a few groups but no major crowd.  Bartender said it's crowded earlier in the evening.  The Hostile Grape closes at 2 on the weekends, earlier other days.  In a 24 hour town that's actually refreshing.  Only beef is that being somewhat subterranean, I got no cell phone service.
5	The "Wine Credit Card" is novel and a fun outing.  The huge selection of wine on tap....(Yeah, I know that sounds weird.).... is a great idea, giving you an opportunity to try out various wines.The atmosphere is cozy.  You go downstairs, hang on big couches, or mingle around the "wine cooler" like a day at work.  If alcohol were to be involved.  Even the music is casual, and it makes for easy conversation.The real winner?The jalapeno margarita.  I was skeptical, but its great.  Nice tequila kick, and spicy.  It gives the lips a tingle, but not overwhelmingly so.  I went back for another round or two.  I'd say the prices are fair.  At least they don't gouge you for what you get, especially the wine.It's a little out of the way for The Strip crowd, but I found it to be pleasant.  I've raved about the jalapeno margarita to friends, and now dear reader, you too share in that rave (without the glow sticks and pacifiers, sorry).
5	Nice place for locals if they just want to relax, have a good glass of wine and listen to some music. My husband and I went there on part of our date night after dinner.  The nice part is it's close to home.
5	For any level of wine connoisseur this place is great.  Nice lounge underneath the main level of the M resort that allows you to pre-load a "wine card" and insert it into the various outlying wine stations (I know :) throughout the lounge.  You can choose your serving size with prices adjusting accordingly and from there you can sit in the comfortable couches and listen to the live music or checkout their observation deck.  You also have the freedom to leave with your wine and visit the rest of the casino and just return whenever you want some more vino.  A+
5	Fine wine on tap... Tasting get's kinda expensive though since there is so much to try and you can't just have one.  It's a super fun concept and not hard to get tipsy real quick depending on the wines you choose.The cheese boards are a fine pairing also.Don't miss checking out the Hostile Grape if you're at the M Resort.
4	After having dinner at Marinelli's we ran downstairs to check this place out.  Great place, will be back soon!
5	Cool space, chill atmosphere, good wine. It wasn't very crowded on the Saturday night I went. The tasting card (like a debit card) costs $5 and you can put money on it in increments of $25, I believe. Great variety of wines, something for everyone. Whites are located along the wall and reds in the circular stations. If you're around the servers when they change out the bottles of wines from the enomatic system you might be lucky enough to get some free wine. They usually empty out a bottle into a glass and hand it to customers nearby. Here's another tip... the long, skinny metal racks throughout the place are for used glasses. So, when you're done just put your glass there and they'll pick it up.
5	Love this bar!!  Great place to sample a wide variety (and price) of wines.  The "wine card" is such a brilliant idea!
3	checked this place out on my recent trip to Vegas as im a huge wine lover, and i have to say it fell a little short of expectations.the space is awesome...  a few levels below the main casino floor and has a great, relaxing vibe to it.  darkly lit, comfortable, the pictures on Yelp! really show the Hostile Grape well.  where the excitment wanes are in the little things.my main gripe was with the tasting dispensers - they have no rhyme or reason to how they're organized.  it would have been SO much easier to navigate if say, all the CA Cabs were in one area, and then all Rieslings (even if it was domestic and foreign) were in another.  As it was, you could easily have a bottle of a $30 central CA Syrah next to a $200 Bordeaux next to a $40 NZ Sauv Blanc.  because of this, i felt less inclined to sample many wines as i would have liked because it made tasting from say, lighter bodied to fuller bodied, incredibly difficult without having to do multiple laps around the floor.besides this (relatively significant to me) issue, i kinda liked it.  we ended up doing a not so cheap (i know its Vegas, but you're 5 miles from Mandalay) flight of 3 different kinds of bubbly for $25, with obviously measured 2oz pours, of which the most expensive bottle in the flight probably retails for $35-40 normally.the Grape has a lot of good things going for it, but if the prices (on the flights and by the glass) were toned down just a tad, and it was better organized i'd be a much bigger fan.  as it is, the next time i visit M i'll definitely stop by to see whats changed, but i doubt i'll taste or drink anything there, which is a shame.
4	Had a BLAST at this place with my family on Christmas Eve. Basically, there are at least a hundred different wines "on tap" that you can sample. Each wine has a price that indicates each level of tasting (I think 2 oz, 4 oz. and 6 oz., but I could be wrong). Obviously, the more you pay, the more wine you get. I really like the concept because if you happen to find a wine that you really like, you can just keep ordering glasses from the bar. I would say there is something for everyone here. If you have a member that's not into wine, then there is a fully stocked bar as well. There was a great musician on the night we came, Bryan. We was singing all of our requests, from Elvis to Motown. He really made the atmosphere a lot more enjoyable.
4	Stopped by the Hostile Grape prior to dinner at Marinelli's on a Saturday evening. This is my new favorite hangout now. What a great place and very helpful staff.Got a $25 card and tasted a few wines. The selection is very impressive. I don't know a lot about wines, but I have had a lot of fun visiting the California wineries and tasting. But this tasting experience does not compare because of the huge variety at the Hostile Grape.I also ordered a few appetizers, such as the cheese platter, which included a nice selection to compliment the wines. It also came with those amazing M Resort breads that are baked on site and are served at all the M Resort restaurants.On your way back to the car don't forget to stop off at Baby Cakes for that amazing Costa Rican Chocolate cake....wow!!!!Hey ladies, come by and say hi Valentines day weekend.Also starting Feb. 16, Hostile Grape is having Tuesdays Social media happy hour and All You Can Eat Appetizers for $5.
4	Dude. I love this place. Wine on tap?!?! Although Hostile Grape can get a little pricey, it's worth it. You choose how much wine you'd like.. a tasting, a little more or a full glass. Once you start, you can't stop. Ok, at least I couldn't stop because I'm a total wino. All you can eat appetizers for $5. Buy one get one red/white wine (ehh I'd stay away from the BOGO wine) and two specialty BOGO drinks (key lime martini and a lemon drop martini I think). Again, it was all a blur. The music on Friday night was OFF THE HOOK. I remember hearing Soul 4 Real's Candy Rain, a little 2pac, 112's Only You.. needless to say, I was in heaven. The atmosphere is great. Dim lighting which can add to major wine goggles. Good crowd. I would say it was a 30+ venue and the people were great. Good service and gambling upstairs! I love Hostile Grape and the M. I'll be back soon :)
4	Great Happy Hour specials.  Beautiful setting inside the as beautiful M Resort on the south end of Las Vegas Blvd. on your way to Los Angeles.  The DJ on Friday nights is fabulous, playing a little something for everyone.  Staff is friendly and super-efficient.  Definitely sets the bar for Vegas.  Have found service lacking on the main strip.2-for-1 drink specials on Fridays after 6pm are great.  Ask for the Lemon Drop martinis...
4	This is a fun happy hour spot, because from 6-8 it's $5.00 for all-you-can-eat apps and 2 for 1 martinis or select glasses of wine. The appetizer spread consists of various cheeses, fruits, empanadas, hummus, pita chips, bread, and other finger foods. For five bucks its not bad. My friend and I decided to try the wine tasting. We each put $25 on the card and then had a really fun time walking around the wine cellar and using the Enomatic wine dispensers. I got to taste so many different bottles that I've heard of and never had the chance to try before. There was a live DJ who played house music, but their wasn't much of a crowd. This place has a lot of potential if only the M Resort wasn't so isolated. But, I definitely had fun here and plan on bringing other friends here in the future to check it out.
5	If you are a wine lover, then this wine bar is Valentine's Day.  This wine bar has the largest number of wine dispensers in North America.  It blew me away.  The decor is worth the visit.  Yes, it is south, but no, you will not be disappointed. WOW!  I would have never thought...,
3	Over priced.The space is really attractive with the glass elevator, wine barrels and the wine bottles everywhere.  The concept is definitely not new, but I haven't seen it as well exectued or as ambitious as this.Of course, with all this beauty comes a price.  And pricey it is.  Most of the wines, whether from the enomatic machines or by the bottle, were about 3 times retail.  $400 for a bottle of Termanthia?  $200 for Silver Oak Alexander Valley?  Really?  Those are prices youd see at strip restaurants.  Granted, however, we went on a friday and got 25% off bottles, so the gouging didn't feel too harsh. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful.  I ordered a bottle of 02 Balmoral and our server brought us one straight off the rack.  I asked for something chilled, but he stated it was at "room temperature."  I argued that it was too warm.  IMHO ambient temp of 75 degrees is not how you serve red wine.  Anyway, he took the wine back and shortly thereafter brought a bottle from the cellar that was far cooler than the first bottle.  Props to Eric, our server, for going the extra mile.  He even brought out the good stemware for us.  In all, its a great place to enjoy some wine with friends, but they need to bring the prices down a bit to encourage spending.
5	I love the M, it's absolutely fantastic. The restaurants are incredible, and it's classy.  I've been to the Hostile Grape a handfull of times and each time it has been phenomenal. The service is always fantastic, and the selection of wine is abundant. Upon arriving at M, finding this place can be a little difficult. You have to go down a flight of stairs, past the Spa and into a hallway to find this place. When you first walk in, its a dark, plush room filled with large booths in the center of the room with wooden tables, a large, stocked bar is off to your right and on the left hand side are tasting stations, straight out of a winery.  It's a sexy and grown up environment that is ubiquitous of class. The combination of those 3 elements are hard to find in Vegas. To find a place that is sexy, has great drinks, is more of an adult atmosphere, and classy? That's a needle in the haystack in this town. Vegas and class don't usually go in the same sentence, and i've lived in this town for 20 years. I personally love wine, and after bartending off and on for 6 years you learn to appreciate good alcohol. This past time our waitress, named Heaven (I think?) was attentive, great, knowledgeable and helped us pick a few cocktails and also enjoy their BOGO happy hour. We never felt rushed, it was an escape into a land of relaxation without the Vegas pretenses. One of my favorite places in Vegas to go to.
4	It must be coincidence that my ROTD pick is the place where I reconnected with Eric R. last year and is where he proposed to me last night!After a marvelous dinner at Shabu Shabu Paradise sitting next to Katrina M., we made our way to the M to "walk off dinner" and go to the wine bar.  We had 2 wine tastings, then I asked Eric if he was ready to go...he said no, he wanted more hahaha!  Well I went to the restroom and when I came back and sat down, he says he got me a gift in Texas, gets down on one knee, and asks me to marry him!Jay, the awesome Hostile Grape staff, took some pictures and brought us champagne!  I was in shock so I can't remember all of the details :)  There was a guy and 2 ladies next to us who also sent some wine over for us to celebrate.  We took turns going upstairs to call our parents and left tipsy and stuck together like stamps to a letter!Thanks Hostile Grape and Jay for the special experience, the champagne, and the memories!!!! :-P
4	I was only there for happy hour, so I don't know what it is like during "regular" hours, but the happy hour was great!!  The specials were only served at the bar, so that didn't include all the fun bottles set up around the room, but it was fun to hit the bar for a cheap two glasses to break up wandering those circular tables of fun.  There was an appetizer table set up for 2 hours as part of happy hour that cost $5/person.  Overall the bar was very unique and has a great selection of wine served up in a way you probably won't see anywhere else.I greatly enjoyed the happy hour and look forward to going again sometime soon.
4	While at the M, my friend recommended we check out the wine bar down stairs.  Being that it' s a tasting that offers different selections, I decided to check it.  Since me and the wifey aren't really wine drinkers we never buy wine since most of the bottle would go to waste.  I've never been to one before so I really cant judge it from others, but I think it would've been smarter to have the wines sectioned by types.  A lot of the wines here were mix matched.  Of course the white was on the back wall and the reds in the middle but grouping the cabs on one tower and the merlots and such on another would be easier especially if you have a preference on the types of wine you drink.So basically you walk in, load a card with credit and stick it into a card reader on top.  They have an abundant supply of glasses everywhere so that you don't have to use the same glass and you stick it under a spout.  There is 3 different buttons that offers different size pours at different prices.  The time that we went, one wall of whites wasn't working properly and being that my friend is into ice-wines and whites that are more on the sweeter side he was a little disappointed.  I rate this place four stars since the wall of whites wasn't working and no one offered to manually pour us a sample.  That and the wines were a little over priced for what they offered.  All in all I thought the place was good.  It's a great place to relax and sample some wines with some cheese and cracks.  Perfect to take a date.
5	This is probably one of the best kept secrets in Las Vegas... as far as wine is concerned. The establishment is everything I ask for in a wine bar. Its a bit secluded (which may or may not be a good idea for the bar if their objective was to get more foot traffic). I really think the seclusion helps, because then it brings in more people who are honestly interested in having wine, or for intimate conversations with friends. They offer pricing for tastings (flights), and they also offer this really great concept. They give you a gift card (which starts at $25), and they have these different spouts that give you a taste of the wine. Based on the wine, and how much you want... it deducts from the gift card. You swipe.. it pours. You can also add dollars on the gift card as much as you want. Also, the staff is very knowledgeable too. I am not a fan of Shiraz, and the server recommended this Shiraz blend wine, because he said that Cabernet lovers have actually liked that wine. He was very right! They also offer daily happy hours. Everyday offers something different for happy hour, so make sure to check that out first. This is definitely a place that I would drive out of my way for,
5	This place is amazing, it is so worth the walk from the parking garage. Fridays they have all you can eat apps and wine specials. I love tasting 2 ounce pours of various different wines and this place attracts pretty cool people.
4	This is a great wine bar where you can get self-serve wine dispensed from enomatic machines.  It's located in the basement of the M Resort.  You need to go down two flights of stairs to get there.  Just follow the signs for the Wine Cellar.For those who are unfamilar, the enomatic machines allow you to get 1oz, 3 oz, or 6 oz pours from a wine bottle hooked up to the machine.  You load up a card with money and insert the card in the machine to get the wine.  I think the cheapest pour you can get is around $2.25/oz and it goes up from there. I love the enomatic machines because they let you try a variety of wines in small portions.  It can get pricey.  If you just want a certain wine, it's probably better to just get it from the bar, which is totally allowed.The place was pretty dead on a Saturday night, which was nice because we had a large group and there were lots of comfy places to sit.  But I worry about the longevity of this place, so go!They also have some hard liquors hooked up to the enomatic machines.  My friend tried an ounce of Johnnie Walker Blue Label for $20/ounce.  Yeah, I know... a little pricey but whatever.  It's all for fun. My only gripe about this place is that they charge $5 for a card to operate the machine and they will only load the card in $25 increments!  I think they need to change to the system that Nora's has where you just borrow a card from the bar, get the wine that you want, give the card back to the bar when you are done, and they charge you for what you accrued on the card.  No fuss, no muss, no card to lose. Also, I'm picky about my wines and red wines do need to be served slightly chilled.  Nora's keeps the red wines in a temperature controlled machine.  But here, the red wines are all outside at room temperature (yuck) and only the whites are kept in a temperature controlled machine.  Nitpicky oenophile, I know.  But that's me.They do serve food, but I haven't tried it yet.  I'll definitely give it a try and do a re-review on that aspect.  Overall, it's a fun place and I highly recommend it.
3	Beautiful place. Fun premise. Overpriced.My friends and I were here last weekend for a little going away get-together. The other reviews have said it all. You get an electronic card that costs $5 and you fill it up in $25 increments. If you're in a big group, there's really no reason to get more than one card. You use said card at the various enomatic wine stations (thanks to Misti Y for edumacating me on the word "enomatic"). The machines dispense wine in 1/3/5 ounce pours. You can also just order individual drinks at the bar.Like I said, it's a beautiful place. It's dark. It's downstairs. It really does feel like a wine cellar. The seating is group style, so you'll probably be sitting with other people (we had nine or ten in our group and there was still room for other people in our table area).It's fun to go around to each of the enomatic machines (I'm going to get my mileage out of that word) and pick out wines. Well, it's fun insofar as there is a wide selection. It's not so fun in that you don't know if it's going to be any good. Sure you could order a 1 ounce sampling, but that would get expensive. In the end, I settled for getting 3 or 5 ounces and just going with it. After a few glasses, it doesn't really matter. Well, one of the glasses of wine I got totally smelled like baby poop. Not a good bouquet at all!Oh yeah. They have one machine dispensing from a bottle of Johnnie Walker Blue Label for $20 per ounce, which works out to about $500 for a bottle. I skipped it. Long story short, I've been planning to buy a bottle for New Year's Eve. I've never tried it before, so I was hoping Hostile Grape would be a good place to try a sample. Not for $20! I can find a bottle online for less than $200.
4	I've seen these new enomatic dispensers cropping up more and more lately but this place has by far the largest selection I've ever seen! The atmosphere is fun and it's a great spot for friends to hang out or for a fun date. The prices start at just $2 an ounce and go up exponentially from there. I typically spend $20 or so and feel like I got my fill. The best part of all is unlike a typical bar , this place is interactive and fulfills my love of all things techno-geek. 9 times out of 10 when I try a new wine at a restaurant I hate what I'm drinking - trying a 1 ounce taster is a low risk way to introduce yourself to new wines without breaking the bank !
4	I love the atmosphere down in the Hostile Grape. I say down, because it is literally in the cellar of the M Resort. I never even get an cell service down there! I have never seen the place crowded- which I appreciate. It's usually pretty quited, and laid back. The room is filled with long couches that you can kick back on. You usually find me with my shoes kicked off, feet up, laying back on my fiance with a glass of Paraduxx in my hand.I guess the best way to describe the way wine is poured here is by wine "vending machined". You load up a card with with cash, and then stick it into the machines. You can pour 1/3/5 ounce pours of any wine you want to try, and believe me the choices go on for days! I garauntee that you will find a whine that works for you. I wanted to get into drinking reds as I was exclusively a white wine girl, and asked on of the attendants, she was very helpful and lead me to quite a few wines that I really enjoyed. Don't hesitate to ask for help!The only reason that I didn't give it 5 stars is because it is really easy to go through a lot of $$ here, so we dont go nearly as often as I would like to!
3	I think they purposely put this place down 3 flights of stairs for the mystique of going down to a wine cellar, but damn trying to get back up those stairs after a few glasses can be hell!  Still I enjoyed it.Stopped by for a Friday night Rock and Roll Wine event.  Wasn't too crowded but the live music was a little loud for this small space.I like the idea of getting a card ($25 min) and tasting a few varieties but it can get expensive.They do offer a full bar for those not interested in wine.All in all a good place to chill and get together with friends.
4	Hostile Grape at M Resort. Ok so I am not the biggest wine connoisseur in the world however am always open to trying something new. Not that I don't like wine...don't get me wrong..maybe it is just the lack of wine knowledge perhaps? I don't even know how to drink it properly, I know you are supposed to sip and swirl and sip and swirl, some people even rinse? I don't get that sipping something and spitting it out? Huh? I would much rather just swallow and be done with it...anyhow moving right along. I drink more like a Sailor, I like the strong stuff, shots of Jack, Wild Turkey, Crown Royal, etc etc. I was not enthused about going with my gal pal "wine tasting" but sometimes we all do stuff we don't really want to or like. I love my friends and will accompany them pretty much anywhere. I know I know, I am just so fun to be around :) lololol I can't blame my friends. This turned out to be awesome we bought a tasting credit card thingy loaded with $20 bucks we split it and went around pouring, sipping, swishing, and swirling our sweet mouths away. We got a bit tipsy after awhile, man wine can give a buzz! I did not know that! After all was said and done we left with $5 bucks left on our card good for next time! Cheap and we were sampling like crazy! This cellar is gorgeous, nice and dark, sexy furniture to relax on and enjoy your spirits. The Hostile Grape employees rock! They are so knowledgeable and more than happy to educate and answer any questions regarding the wines and cellar itself. You can sample and then buy a bottle on the spot if wanting to take a nice gift home. I am a fan of this beautiful wine cellar with a sophisticated lounge atmosphere. Many thanks to my BFF Lorena for bringing me here! There is also a bar as well so if you are in the mood for a mixed drink or perhaps a beer you may do so! 160 Wines by the Glass. Experienced wine enthusiasts will revel in the selection of boutique wines and handcrafted cocktails, while novice connoisseurs may sample several wines in small pours using the Hostile Grape's innovative dispensing system. This system uses prepaid tasting cards that allow guests to enjoy pours of one, three or five ounces. Hours of Operation: Thurs. - Sun. 5:00pm - 1:00am
5	Great place!  There was live music when we went on a friday.  Lot's of wine to taste!  At least 6+ kiosks with about a dozen wines in each to taste.  I used the card and had 1oz tastes until I found the wine I really liked.Nice ambiance, lot's of great couches and plush chairs to enjoy.  Intimate enough to bring a date and spaced well so you don't hear neighboring guests.  Nice sitting area in the middle for big parties.
2	Decided to make a return visit with one of my gal pal's who was in the mood for some wine tasting. This night they had a live Alternative rock band performing, that was a new experience as my last visit there was no live music. They were a good band, I liked some of their songs, yeah I was rocking out a bit! Unfortunately the band was the only thing good about our visit. This visit sucked for me, and was a pure let down and disappointment to my friend who had never been and whom had been looking forward to it for awhile. I had been once before and thought it was cool as that experience was like night and day compared to this second visit! We both purchased a wine tasting card, $25 dollar minimum with a $5 charge to load the damn thing, really? OK $30 bucks for each of us to go around wine sampling and sipping etc. We noticed half of the machines had EMPTY bottles, others were just BROKE and not dispensing for whatever reason? Also one of the machines I guess the bottle was almost empty, instead of the dispenser not allowing for a sample it still took my $4.00 and spit a wad of nothing into my glass. That should NOT happen! This is something I will be taking up as well in my complaint call to Management. Last night was just not an option, was busy and understaffed, loud and just not the appropriate time to discuss my complaints. It was just a bad bad bad experience this time around. We noticed a lady that was seriously focused on making sure there were plenty of wine glasses, I mean back and forth with tons of glasses to fill the few empty spots. Was not necessary unless 200 people walked in at once to pick up a glass to use. I mean this is a small venue, there may have been 30 people. I felt ripped off, between the two us us we spent $70 bucks on about 10 partial wine samples? It is crystal clear, the main emphasis is on the bar and the food. The wine tasting they offer is the least of their worries it appears as the neglect of the machines is just out of control. We had way too many issues with something as easy as wine tasting, Seriously, you insert card, hold glass press button and taste. Why was something that is so simple and easy made to be a horrible and lousy experience? The experience could have been a lot better if they actually had someone walking around checking and refilling the machines as well as fixing the ones that were broken or not dispensing. It was not just one machine, it was many, we kept running into that problem that 1 out of 4 wine dispensers we hit up was an issue. NOT GOOD! They seem more interested in the bar and the food service. Yes they serve appetizers, we looked at the appetizer menu and passed. We just were not in the mood to pay $14 for some crackers and cheese I guess? lol Ridiculous. I will be making a call today and speaking with a Manager about our bad experience. I will follow up on the results of that in another review update. Unfortunately this was a bad night for the Hostile Grape :( Hostile Grape will go in my overrated stash of places in las vegas.The best thing that happened this night was that I came across a bottle of wine by the name of "Cockburns"Will I be back? HELL NO
3	This place has the unique "enomatic" machines, so you can sample many different wines, in 1,3 or 5 oz pours.  You buy and charge up a card, then use that card to purchase your pours from the machines.  The decor is really great and they offer a full bar in addition to the "sampling" wines.  The only downside is that the wine selection/variety can vary pretty substantially.  It can be pretty pricey too, where $50 on the card only gets you lightly over a handful of interesting tastes.  For the folks who want to try premium wines that are expensive for a bottle, yo can do that here, but the tastes aren't cheap either.
3	I can say that this place is unique unto itself. The M does a good job of hiding it down in a cubby hole to make you really feel like you're walking down into a wine cellar. But honestly, that walk is a killer if you're a lady in high heels, which I was. They should at least offer an elevator... for safety reasons. Wine cellar + drinking + stairs = hummm....Anyway, the atmosphere is exactly what I'd look for in a wine bar. Dark lighting, cushy seating, and a feeling of coziness to drink wine and have conversation. This place does all of those things. Albeit I was here on a Rock & Roll Wine night and did not actually purchase any wine I have heard the system of actually getting the wine is unique. Being that you purchase a card and then can go to each of the "wine stations" and get your own tastings. Personally I enjoy having my wine poured for me and brought to me, so I'm not sure if I'd actually go back and take part in the process. There is a bar here though, so you can sit and drink if you prefer. There is also food. Extremely overpriced appetizers. Seriously - if you're hungry, just leave, go to another place in The M and come back. Overall, this is an okay establishment. Definitely not one of the bests in The M for sure.
5	This place is amazing.   Views from every angle and reasonably priced drinks.  This place is well worth the stop before heading to the strip or on the way home.
4	I've only drank wine on a few occasion, really glad that I came here. The concept to using an automatic wine dispenser with a prepaid card sounds pretty cool because you get to taste a variety of different wines without buying the entire bottle or glass and wasting it if you don't like it. They 're a bit on the pricey side so you should go there on Friday night. They usually have a FREE sampling event on a Friday night which is awesome. The free sampling of selected wines was basically all you can drink in small increments of about a 1/4 wine glass full. Enough to sip on and enjoy the atmosphere and fill up some more. Each week they have a few different wines choices. They person pouring the wine was very helpful in explaining the different wines and answered my wine questions.They also had some live music and a bar with food if you wanted a break from wine. It's a pretty chill place to hang out and relax, enjoy wine, and music. There are seating areas but got full fast, you might just have to stand.
4	Cool little wine bar with a live band stage. Lots of wines to choose from. They have a free wine tasting event on Friday from 6-8pm which I went to because I don't know much about vino. The food seemed a little expensive when I looked at the menu. But the staff was very nice and friendly. And they had a live singer playing acoustic guitar which set the mood well.
4	Very fun, cozy little place.  With live music and great atmosphere this is a wonderful hangout and very classy.
4	The Hostile Grape remains the best place to sample a huge array of high end wines in Vegas.Wine lovers, set a budget and stick to it.  It is very easy to spend several hundred dollars especially when you have the chance to sample impossible to get cult wines (I was fortunate enough to sample two vintages of Screaming Eagle).Service is excellent.  All staff members, including the cocktail servers are knowledgeable of the wines offered.Tasting prices are scaled based on the size of your pour.  Prices are in line with most wine bars.  Full bottle prices are the best of any Vegas resort property at about full retail.  There is even a limited selection of  large format bottles.Stemware is excellent if you order a full bottle.Great place to chill and talk it up with other wine lovers (not wine snobs, its Vegas after all)!
5	Forget Napa, this is the best wine tasting method ever! I tried so many wines that I wouldn't normally order.  We had a blast! I felt like a kid in the candy store with a buzz!
4	Nice off strip destination.  Really like the M Resort, and this wine shop does not disappoint.  Cool sleek space, great labels.
4	Self serve wine flights here.The hotel it is in is quite a drive from the strip, but once you get here, it's a nice feeling.From the time you enter the hotel and the stairway to the Hostile Grape you'll be anticipating something great and the hostile grape can be a cool experience if the idea of self serve wine tastes sounds desirable to you.
4	Wine lover's paradise - if you're there on a weekend then it can get busy and noisy but FUN.  I love that it's kinda hidden - wander through the back of the casino by the pool and down the stairs.  Surprise!  LOTS of wine to try - be sure to keep your pre-paid card so you can reuse next time you pop in.  Live entertainment on the weekends really get this place jumping!Only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because the appetizer prices are a bit ridiculous - seriously, a cheese plate shouldn't cost that much.Don't let this keep you away!  Dark contemporary design and a maze of wine dispensers will make you giddy with happy thoughts of a pleased palate.  Stems up!
4	I love wine... and I love a great venue.After hearing about it for over 3 years, I finally made it to The Hostile Grape.This place is amazing. It is extremely comfortable and welcoming. It looks and feels classy, but the servers are casual and fun. You can sample some of the highest quality, most expensive wines in the world and not feel like you should be in a suit and tie.I was here with a 40+ head party. The staff did not miss a thing.I will be coming back soon for a date with the GF and we'll be starting with that AMAZING looking calamari. My impression from one rushed visit left me immediatly wanting to return for a long sit in on a Saturday afternoon.See you again soon Hostile Grape!!
3	I went to sample wine on a Thursday from 5-6 at the "Complimentary Wine Tasting" as listed on the M Resort Web site, every Wed.-Sat. Only one varietal is listed as the featured sample every day, so no surprises if you think there is more than one variety available to sample.However, ONE sample a "tasting" does not make!The bartender didn't tell me about the sampling, but I asked, and then he said they can give one sample. In my opinion, if you're going to advertise a "Wine Tasting", it's really not a tasting with only one type of wine! The Pinot Gris featured as the Thursday sample  was good and the Hostile Grape is a nice space with a nice variety of wines available at the pour it yourself stations.Years ago, they offered select wines for $2 a glass. It would be great if they'd bring this back and dump the "Complimentary Wine Tasting"!
3	This place has a nice upscale lounge atmosphere.  They have live bands on Fri and Sat nights that are a lot of fun!  I have some pic's on my blog if you want to see more.
4	I think the word my friend used to describe this place is classy.  It is that but also much more.  It's casual, chic, and contemporary.  It's almost exactly what you expect a wine bar should be.  There is something great about walking down several flights of stairs in the cellars of the M Resort to be greeted by some light music and mood-inducing ambience.There are several wine dispensers strewn about the place and all you have to do is use your pre-paid card, put your wine glass underneath your selection and the machine will pour the right amount.  It's a nice little modern touch to make you feel like you're in the future.They also have live music on Fridays and Saturdays.  It is far from the fast paced life of the strip but it's nice to leave that every now and then.
4	The Hostile Grape is such a creative idea. I'm a wine lover so this is like heaven on earth for me. The whole pre-paid card is the way to go. The wine is dispensed in 1, 3, and 5 ounces with the cost per ounce reduced when you purchase more. Hint: make friends with the bartender and ask questions about the wines. Our bartender let us finish 3 bottles that were low and needed replacing. SCORE! Free Wine =)If you wanna smoke then head out to the back door behind the stage and there is an exit that leads out to the pool. Quiet, gorgeous spot for some fresh air or a nasty cancer stick lol. We went for a Birthday party and called ahead and reserved a table which was free and they offered 20% off a bottle of wine. They have a great variety of wines and the staff is very informative and friendly.
5	I'll preface my review by saying that I have a limited tolerance for most nightclubs, which seem to dominate the Vegas nightlife. They're too loud, too crowded, and I'm definitely not a fan of being groped by drunk strangers. I can handle them to a certain degree (maybe for like an hour), but you could say that I'm definitely more of a lounge person. So with that in mind, I'd say that finding the Hostile Grape was a dream come true. It's an intimate wine lounge, with Vegas style flair and sophistication. It's quiet enough to have a conversation with friends, but still lively. They even have live music some nights. The crowd is more mature, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.The wine tasting is fun, with a lot of great options. The platter with bread, cheese, and fruit is also delicious. I get it every time...and end up over-indulging. I celebrated my last birthday there and had a great time.
2	I was really looking forward to going there as a date spot, but a little disappointed for several reasons.  One, they're not open very late, and even 90 mins before close there was no one in there at all.  Two, maybe it was because they were blaring some awful 90's mix music conglomerate of Britney Spears, Backstreet Boys and Abba that did not exactly set the mood I was hoping for. Thirdly, Next you have to load $25 increments onto your card, which is fine but I think for spending $50 on wine (and we tried a few more expensive ones but mostly the cheapest ones) it's barely 1 full glass for each person. You'd have to spend a fortune here to even have a couple glasses each. Couple that with the fact that the dispensing machine malfunctioned twice in a row, charging my card $7 but not dispensing any wine, and it took the bartender almost 10 minutes each time to refund me, leaving us standing there wineless, alone, and listening to awful 90's music.  I was just disappointed because its a great idea but in reality didn't pan out to be that way.  I probably won't go here again on a date unless I find $100 I just can't wait to spend on 2 glasses of wine.
5	This is the best wine bar I have yet to visit. They have 160 wines by the glass! Is there really anything else to say??? Love the concept of choosing which wine and size you would like. The only negative I can think of is the prepaid card you load with money for the machines. We didn't spend all of our prepaid amount so it will sit there until our next visit but it will not go to waste.
4	The complimentary wine tasting is no more but has been replacedWith other specials.One is a free T-shirt with $50 wine card purchase.  This is a great Spot to escape the heat and do some wine tasting!
4	Half price apps 7-8 daily. Live music on some nights. Classy warm and comfortable environment with great drink options. It can get very expensive with the tasting cards but its a great way to taste very exclusive wines and whiskeys plus they have a drink menu with a range of options without having to do the tasting. If interested, you can also order food from any restaurant on property- they have all the menus!
5	love love love this place. I hope it never goes away. Born and raised in Napa and my Dad has been in the industry for 34+ years, I have a high bar for wine bars :) This place has an impeccable selection and variety of wines by the sample on the enomatic machines. Sure, the tastes may be expensive, but that's because most of the bottles are $100+. I think it's awesome to be able to try some of these without the commitment of purchasing the whole bottle. I hear there is a HH on Thursdays that includes free champagne for ladies from 5-7pm. Seeing how I live down the road, you know I will be there soon! Cheers from a new fan.
5	I absolutely love love love this place! Great selection to pick out from!!! It's a must go. Also Great prices and service!
4	This is a great place to have a taste, glass or bottle of wine....with a lot to choose from.  The employees are both knowledgable and friendly.  You can also listen to done good music on the weekends.  A definite must check it out place - you won't be disappointed!!!
5	One of our newest team members moved to Las Vegas from Napa Valley.  When it comes to exposure in the vino industry, she's got a dad 34 years in! She appreciates the fine things in life and wanted to share that with our team by creating an impromptu team building event at Hostile Grape. I've heard some pretty great things about this place, but never have been there, so this was a perfect opportunity!The Hostile Grape is located on the bottom level of the M Resort. It's kind of a walk from the East parking garages, so be advised. On your way to the pool, hang a right and go even further down the stairs in the wine cellar. You will be transported to a European like hip atmosphere, intimate and and as modern as they get. The low lit purple line lighting and recess lighting makes for the ultimate date night or chill evening with friends. There are a lot of different types of seating: Bar tops, lounge chairs or tables. You have the choice to either sit at the bar for a drink or help yourself to the various wines and spirits offered. It's actually a cool concept. You buy a card with a one time $5 fee, recharge your card with $25 increments and choose any wine or spirit you want! The automatic pours serve 1oz, 3oz or 5oz pours with various prices. For my visit, I decided to sit at the bar and get a drink there. For the smooth vibe, I chose to go with a smooth drink, the Castle Rock Cabernet Sauvignon, Columbia Valley, Washington 2010 for $10 a glass. This was definitely a simple cab. There was a light oak taste, fruit forward with a very smooth finish. This cab can easily be paired with all sorts of meats and veggies, and would be great for cooking! After a couple of glasses, I felt like the evening was complete! There was a singer putting a light vibe to top Billboard singles. Although I don't live in this part of tow, I will certainly be back for another round or two. Whether you're looking for a great date night joint or a super chill evening with the friends, make your way down to Hostile. Trust me, it's worth visiting at least once in your life!
2	Decent selection and ambience.  The service is terrible and the prices are outrageous.  $15 for a small glass of mediocre wine is an affront.
5	This is a Hidden Gem. You go to the Cellar of the M-Resort and find this gorgeous Wine Cellar.  The vibe is hip and classy. On Friday and Saturday nights there is live music. Two locals are exceptional Tim Catching and Shawn Eiferman! It is clean, feels like you are in San Francisco or Manhattan. The staff is pleasant, it is fun and relaxing. A breath of fresh air away from the Strip! A great way to enjoy tasting and good conversation!  It is EXACTLY what a great wine tasting room should be!
5	Amazing evening! Mario our server took care of us like family for the over 2 hours we tied up a table. Even left the bar to get my wife coffee - serious top notch service. We did a table full of happy hour half price appetizers for under 40 bucks for dinner. All fair and tasty portions.  The wine card tasting concept is fun; but the only warning is it adds up fast. But still 2 hours of live music, good food, wine variety and over the top service can't be beat. I'll be back on my next trip to Vegas, definitely worth the drive out of town.
4	This is a cool little place and i really like the concept.You get a wine card for $5.41 and you can put as much money as you want on the card. Its very spacious with a large selection of wines. There weren't that many people but the atmosphere was great and it's a great place to go as a group or on a date. They also have scotch/whiskey in the back and I just wished they had a larger selection. I still have my wine card so I'll probably go back in the future.
5	Fabulous!!!! The wine selections and the service were great!!! From the moment I walked in (I was by myself and not one of the 'beautiful' people) the staff welcomed me and were particularly helpful as I navigated through the options: wine by the bottle or glass; or using the incredible dispensing machines so that I could sample a wide variety of wines by the 1-oz, 3-oz, or 5-oz pours..that was my choice. It was a little pricey, but I tried some really good wines. This is my new favorite wine-bar!!!!
2	WORST SERVICE IVE EVER SEEN for a nice classy place. I have always lived this place and was telling my friends how great it was. So one of my friends wanted to go. While the place is great and I love the atmosphere the service was terrible last night. My friend had never been to a wine tasting bar and had some questions. The employee literally ignored him and walked right by him. We went to the bar to get our wine card and ask a couple of questions. The bartender was super rude and acted like he didn't want us there. It was not busy at all and there was 1 server in the floor and a manager. Neither of them said a single word to is until we had been there almost 2 hours and were about to leave. We were actually there for 2 hours before anyone acknowledged us. I will likely never go back eve though I love the place.
2	Cool place with good ambiance but terrible service!  I have been here several times and no matter where you sit, unless you're at the bar, you get horrible service.  No one greeted us at our table.  Then when I asked for a server, the bar back looked confused and asked me if I wanted to go to the bar to order.  No one knew what kinds of cheese come on the cheese plate on the menu. Also, we bought a wine card to try wines out of the machines and every one we tried, 5 in all, were bad.  When I say bad, I mean they were old.  They were all good wines that had been opened way too long.  The one good thing about our experience is that the manager did open all new bottles of the wines we tasted that were bad and gave us another generous taste of each.
5	Excellent wine choice. Reasonable value for a Las Vegas wine bar. Good entertainment on weekends with a laid back vibe. Great place for couples.
5	Jackpot! My husband and I moved here earlier this year from San Diego and have been looking for a place like this. Off the strip, not overcrowded, classy but not pretentious. Those who say that service is slow clearly don't go to many wine bars. It's not a turn and burn kind of place. You choose your experience. You can buy the card for $5 (which you get to keep) and load it and taste or get a glass or bottle of wine and relax. I highly recommend buying a bottle. You get 30% off and the bottle prices are very reasonable. My husband and I stopped by to check it out after dinner and only drank half the bottle we ordered so we corked it and took it home with us. There was an amazing singer the night we were there who was a pleasure to listen to, without overpowering the place. This place will be a must for date nights and when we are entertaining.
