1	Update: After my somewhat favorable review, I've lowered the rating after staying here this past weekend. My friends and I decided to leave after one night b/c our room developed this "pee" smell -- which made us rename the place, the Imperial Pee-lace. However, I do need to mention our friends had the room next door and didn't have a pee-problem. The people in my room insist that no one peed on the floor, but now I'm beginning to wonder....Original Review: Okay, so the Imperial Palace is definitely not the swankiest, nor the newest, nor the funnest place to go in Vegas. But it has one kitschy, old Vegas thing going for it - the Dealertainers. Don't get me wrong, it's not for everyone, but I love it. After a while, all those new places start to feel the same, look the same. The Dealertainers are black jack dealers that are tier 2 (okay maybe 3) level impersonators. They all deal cards and take turns going up on the mini stage to belt out songs - mental note, look for the speakers and DON'T sit in front of them. I had the pleasure of playing cards with Tina Turner, Stevie Wonder, Debbie Harry, Louis Armstrong, Billy Idol, and someone who may have been a very bad Mariah Carey (it was unclear). Anyway, go there for a different twist on cards - they had $5 minimum tables on a Saturday night - which is a rare find on the strip.
4	I can only say great things about the IP. Not only do they have a section of card dealers that are dressed up like celebrities and launch into song every 15 minutes, but they also had the only $5 blackjack table that we could find on the strip. Important when you are planning to lose every dollar you gamble.I also have fond memories of this place because I stayed there on my first trip to Vegas for the Millenium New Years Eve when I was 20 and 11 months old. The Imperial Palace was the only place we could gamble by putting on our older friends wristbands. That being said, I can't recommend the actual hotel rooms. But it doesn't matter if you are out all night!!  Good on you, IP.
5	what brigid said.  the ip is where it's at for the cheapest gambling on the strip.  however, i hear that they recently got rid of the wheel of madness (tm)!!!   that sucks because there is nothing like getting blackjack and spinning the wheel of madness (tm). NOTHING.  it can cause you to stay at the ip until 5 in the morning when your plane leaves at 6 and you know that you did the right thing whether you make the flight or not.
2	This place is awesomely dumpy!  The only reason we even bothered staying here is because it was $25 a night.  It's also in a prime location on the strip so we could get the hell out and into much better hotels really fast.  We tried our hardest to spend as little waking time in there as possible.  If you want a real laugh, check out their karaoke bar.  Their dealers are forced to dress up as musical acts, I'm pretty sure that violates some cruelty laws.I'm pretty sure it's gonna get torn down soon.
1	I'm sure if you ended up here it was by accident. So, I'll forgive you.
3	So, yeah, it's not the nicest place on the strip, but seriously, I've stayed in worse. And hell, how can you not dig the Dealertainers! I had a guy from East LA dressed up like Ricky Martin at a blackjack table. Guy was hilarious.The hotel probably needs to be 'sploded and redone, but, really, it's cheap, and how much time do you really spend in your room in Vegas anyway?
5	The best deal on the strip. Why pay $300 a night for some place you're just going to sleep in? This place has all the location advantages as the ripoff hotels (Bellagio, Wynn etc) without the stupefying price tag. Trust me, no one's impressed that you can afford to stay at the Venetian. Stay here instead.
4	If one cannot appreciate the atmosphere of this hotel, they do not belong in Vegas. The accommodations are the right price. The gimmick within the hotel is cheesy, but it comes with the territory. The pool is small and not all that impressive. The buffet is pretty good (which one isn't?) The location is the key to this property. It is nestled in between Harrah's and something owned by the Flamingo. I heard that this place was bought by Harrah's, but I guess it will remain it's own entity. Anyway, I hope that you give it a chance. It won't disappoint.
2	We reserved a room here for 2 nights and left after 1.  There was no fitted sheet over the mattress and the sheet they threw untucked over the mattress had holes in it.  They also left a room service cart in our hallway for an entire day and the smell of rotting food wafted about.  I would not recommend anyone stay here - there are plenty of good deals about in other higher quality casinos.
2	this place is some what dumpy.  the room looks like it hasn't been updated since the 80's, but it was fairly clean.  the casino itself gets no ventilation.  positive thing is the hotel is located on the middle of the strip.  if you want a cheap room that is on the middle of the strip, then it's not too bad.  just don't hang out there.
3	Definitely not the fanciest hotel in Vegas. But, it is centrally located, right in the heart of the strip.   And it is cheap.  Vegas is not the kind of town where you spend a lot of time in the room, you know?  Get one person to stay at the Bellagio so you can hang buy the pool on Saturday (get there early), then go to Rehab at the Hard Rock on Sunday.   Spend your money on doing fun things, not your room.
1	I know, I know, nobody really sleeps when they're in Vegas, so the hotel room shouldn't matter much... well, I do sleep, I like to take naps! My friends and I booked a room here two summers ago because we did not have much money and we wanted to be centrally located on the strip. While staying at Imperial Palace, we tried our best not to spend as much time in our room because it just felt really dirty, with a stained-blue carpet, thin (not 100% cotton) bedsheets and the base of the beds are attached to the floor -- a FLOORBED!  If you do end up staying here, try not to touch anything. Let's hope they will renovate soon, but before then, I will NEVER stay here again!
3	You want $10 blackjack tables all night on weekends, dealers who make mistakes, and friendly pit bosses?  How about rooms under $100 on the strip?  Sure the place is a pit, the food is terrible, and they're knocking it down next summer, but enjoy it while you can.  It's Vegas, people, why are you in your room anyway?
1	This place is NASTY.  The rooms are disgusting,  My husband and I stayed here unbeknownst to the conditions... we were stuck here for a few days.  Yeah.... you won't want to sleep here... or unpack your bags  I wouldn't let my dog sleep here.  The bed was awful.  The sheets smelled like sex and cigarettes (non-smoking room).  My husband and I each rolled to the center of the king-sized bed from it being so worn.  They might as well rent out the rooms for 20 minute intervals.  Obviously all of the hotel's money goes to the casino and main floor remodeling.If I could give it zero stars, I would..
2	I've stayed here 4 times in a span of about 7 years.  Same old dive each time, and I've returned each time mainly because of unbeatable cost, considering its prime location in the middle of the new strip.  You know:  save bundles on room, splurge on meals.With the last visit, however, I think I may have exhausted my patience and tolerance for the fact that they have always booked me in a smoking room every time I reserved a non-smoking room.  And -- each time -- upon checking in, they insist that I reserved a smoking room.  Customer service skills are non-existent here.  They don't always service/clean the rooms daily.  The rooms are about par with a C-grade Motel 6 and always leave at least one lasting memory.  On my last visit, it was the greasy soiled fabric on the headboards.  Lovely.Then they charge you $2 for the phone even if you never picked it up?  WTF?? Is that now a universal thing with all the strip casino hotels?  How Vegas indeed.That's it, I've had it.
2	Never stayed here before, but we used to wander in here to go to theri 24 hour cafe for the 4.99 prime rib sandwiches. Alas, in the past trip we took, we were told that the 4.99 prime rib sandwiches were no more. :( still had a great 7.99 prime rib dip sandwich! =Pcheapest gambling place that i know of on the strip. the parking lot is miserable. we drove over from where we were staying in mgm and i was fearing for my life walking in from the parking lot. *shudders*
3	Rooms are not as bad as them seem from the street.
3	This place is caught up somewhere between 1979 or 1982.  It is really bizarre especially if you check out the Burger Palace.  Really weird.  Anyway it is a cheap place to gamble and upstairs there is a retro (not on purpose) lounge complete with a piano man.  We ate at Ming which was cheap and decent chinese food.
4	Seen some mixed reviews on this place but most of the bad ones stem from nasty rooms.  Stayed here this weekend but my room was clean and cheap.  I like to do vegas on the cheap and this is my kind of place, when i go to NYC, or LA I'll stay at a swanky hotel, and drink $15 drinks or do bottle service, but something about a guys trip to vegas demands that  my excess money be left on the tables, not spent on a nice room or a fancy club ( of course being engaged might have something to do with that).  So when I found the imperial palace, I knew I had a new favorite on the strip.  It's centrally located and the perfect place for beginning a bender
4	I just happened to pass by for a cheap margarita in a yard container that costs only $15.  I love the drink.  Nothing to comment about this hotel, it didn't really appeal to me.  But I might check that out next time.
2	they really should consider investing some money on this place and renovating the crap out of it. It's such a GREAT location on the Strip that i find it such a sad waste. i stayed here years ago because it was part of a really affordable package (also, for some reason, hotel only rates for this place can be pricier than you think i've noticed). the experience there was not horrendous, and found it easier to just laugh at the whole thing. the rooms are dank and musty, noisy since you have a lot of college meat running up and down the halls. and finding your room is a challenge, its a crazy maze of rooms on each floor. wear comfortable shoes. i tried my best to just fly by the casinos on my way out of the hotel each day. cesars and bellagio right across the street. once again, cant go wrong on the location. noticed a little bar downstairs called Tequila Joes...all i have to say is HAHHAHAHAHHA. I would not stay there again. in vegas, you literally get what you pay for.
1	Staying here reminded me of getting wasted and passing out in an outhouse and waking up wondering what the fuck went wrong.  Cheap and nasty - just be sure to stay out of your mind drunk when you are in the room so that all the germs covering everything will be sanitized by all the alcohol in your system!
3	Great place for vegas on the cheap. Hope they keep it as it is! The location and price are the key to this place, right near all the great dining, easy walk to ceasars, venetian, wynn, paris, etc. Right on the monorail so any monorail stop is a short ride away. Not really a romantic couples place, but good for business or singles trip.
1	This hotel is good if you come on X-Mas. Buy night, get one free. I would not stay here on any other time of the year. I would also NOT play in the casino. They have inpersonators of music icons like Michael Jackson, Madonna, & Rod Stewert.
2	A cheap shit-hole in the middle of the strip with the shittiest customer service I have ever had.Now where should I begin?Made our reservations through tripres.com (first mistake... but that's another story)So I get to the desk and they "don't have any reservations under my name"  I check my friends name and they "go look in back".  I was then informed that TripRes never sent over our reservation (They sure did take the money ahead of time though).So basically I tell the lady to make a new reservation which was better because they gave me a rate of $34.95 per night rather than the $57 I paid through Trip Res.Well, I go to check out the next day and we asked for documentation that showed that Trip Res never sent over the reservation.  We were going to fight the charge that Trip Res already billed us for, and take the cheaper rate.  Apparently this was a major problem for the hotel.  They would not and "could not" provide us with this information.  We were also told that as of that moment, our Trip Res reservations were still lost and there was nothing we could do about it.We asked to speak to a manager which was the biggest joke ever.  She proceeded to yell at us and wave papers in our face.  She told us that suddenly the reservations "magically appeared" and we now had to pay the full price.  We were PISSED.  What really happened is they canceled our room's cheaper rate and charged us for the higher rate.  They then refused to give us the cheaper rate.  We asked to speak to a higher manager who was "in a meeting".  After fighting with them for over 45 minutes, we left, obviously pissed off.  Haven't they ever heard of "the customer is always right"??  and to do something dirty like give us a room at almost half the rate, then go and re-charge us, after check out, the higher rate?!?!?!?We called the "higher manager" later that day and she was just as big of an asshole as the first idiot lady.At the end of the day, it was rude and horrible customer service.  How can you do that to a customer?  I have never experienced such shitty service in my life.It wish it would have been a good experience so I could have a cheap place to staying the middle of the strip for future trips.The highlight of the stay, my friend told the manager she was an idiot to her face.  She just looked at him and walked away.  Classic!
3	I stayed here because it was cheap and I had to book the hotel in a short times notice.    The first thing I noticed as I walked through the hall on the 15th floor was a smell of puke, but there was no evidence of it.  Well once I got to my room is was fairly spacious.  It came with a tub that could fit 3 people easily.  Above the tub there was a mirror and same went for above the bed.  One cool feature about the staff at Imperial is if you don't get housekeeping for a few days, one of the staff come by and check to see if anything is ok.  That is a nice touch I've never seen at another hotel in Vegas.
4	Ahh.. good ole IP.  The staging ground for every Vegas excursion for the last 3 years.  Can't beat the price..  "It's a VALUE bet".  Sure, the place is cheesy and I wince everytime I see them DEALertainers, but hell, it's on the strip and it's CHEAP.  That just means more money to gamble and booze away!  Disclaimer: I will state that this is establishment is perfectly suitable for a bunch of idiot guys at Vegas, but 'course I'd spring for nicer place with my wife.  :)
1	I give it  half a star each for cheapness and location. It did re-define my definition of redneck and white trash. Also my definition of grossly obese; for a fun time get a room that overlooks the swimming pool so you can check out the beauties drinking hard liquor in +110 degree heat as they start off the day.This is truly one of the most trashy hotels I have stayed in, and has  elevated the flea-pit/hotel/brothel I stayed in Tijuana, which used to be a personal low; much in the same way GWB has elevated the status of Nixon.But hey it is cheap, but if you really want to save money stay off the Strip and use the frequent and inexpensive buses that run up-and-down ($2 a ride). You'll get a much better place for half the price.
2	Not cheap, by any means, though it looks like it should be.  But that's likely because on 7-7-07 there wasn't going to be a bargain-priced hotel room anywhere near the strip.  This hotel has none of the flashy street presence of others centrally located on the strip - it hides behind a lounge of some sort.  There aren't enough elevators either - lines built up on every floor waiting for them.  The main casino floor seems really old-school, full of obese old people wearing flip-flops in a low-ceilinged space crowded by jangling slot machines.  Our room itself was fine, only made unique by the huge mirrored tub in the room.  The controls on the tub were pretty flimsy, but it was still fun to play with.  Checking in was no problem, but our checkout was marred by a lack of an ability to print - so, no receipt.  Hopefully there won't be any unexpected additions to the bill.
3	I got my rooms via expedia.com and got what I wanted two beds for three nights non smoking.... sweet deal. The room was clean, didn't smell of ass and had a decent view.  When I stay here I get lucky on the slot machines..so maybe this is why I love it..... I agree with Mandy.. if you are just looking for a place to crash and store... then this is it... 90% of the time I was out and about on the strip....which is a hop skip and a jump away....
1	Cheap and gross. Trashy people everywhere... I'm not just talking about IP, but Vegas in general. But especially IP. How did I ever let my friend convince me to come stay here? Awful!
4	I didn't stay here...just went to play Craps on a Monday afternoon.  The casino was pretty empty except for the Craps table...it was our first time playing, and as you know, Craps is quite a confusing game...everyone at the table was super friendly and very instructive.  I made $100 in 20 min on a $5 table...I like this casino, it's unassuming and friendly...and has impersonators...so, it gets four stars from me!
4	Ever had Elvis, J Lo, Michael Jackson, Mariah Carey or Prince as your Blackjack dealer?? Well...ya wanna??MAN~! This place rocks like no other~! I know it's ghetto, okay? But I mean the casino...not the rooms. I've seen the rooms, and I would not stay here but in Vegas you will see me in this casino enjoying the awesome Dealertainers. These dealers/entertainers are really talented. Everyone lets loose in this casino. Everyone is having a good time. Dancing and singing along to old school songs. It's worth checking out just for the entertainment.
1	Pimperial PhallusGot stuck with this joint after putting a bid in for a 3 star hotel in the center of the strip on Hotwire. Where to start? Parking here is horrible. The casino floor has got to be the saddest casino floor on the strip. The "dealertainers" looked burnt out. There was a woman dealer with jerry curls, a glove on one hand, and would scream out , "heee heeee!" everytime she busted. Which star is she supposed to be I thought to myself. I later woke up in the middle of the night with a eureka moment figuring out that she was Micheal Jackson.The Friday evening check-in was horrible. We waited in line for 40 minutes to check-in. We got stuck with one bed since we booked through Hotwire. Our room was dingy. The shower drain was backed up. Did not bother to check out any of the food places. The feng-shui is just off. Do yourself a favor...pay a little more and stay away from the Pimperial Phallus.
2	Are you people nuts?    You don't go to the Imperial Palace to stay or gamble.   You go there to see the CARS.    That is the greatest car collection that is available to the public.I have stayed here once.....and NEVER AGAIN.   I could only see purple for a week.    The room I had was in fair  condition.   Obviously these rooms were for those visiting vegas who never use the rooms anyways...and gamble the whole time there.
4	you get what you pay for right?? i didn't feel like that was true here. denise and jacob had a real nice, large room with a love tub and a bar and they paid close to nothing. it was about $90 for a night. i was impressed. i had a chance to crash there for a while, in between dinner, going to margaritaville and making our way to the rockhouse. the room was neat and clean. the tub was spotless and the bathroom was huge. there was a separate living room area. the sofas were large and just soft enough. the bar was near the door and had a real nice size fridge. i wouldn't mind staying there the next time i am in vegas
4	Went to Vegas for the first time for training and we stayed in the hotel (where the training was being held).  It was hard to be impressed with the much larger, shinier and more exotic casino/hotels towering and surrounding this little quaint joint.But all in all, a clean room and right smack in the middle of the strip and a very short walk across the street tot the Forum shops.  Seriously, a cheaper alternative to the "other casinos" and honestly, how much time do you spend in your room anyway?  Save you bucks and stay here and just walk, cab, or monorail to the other snazzier places.Oh, the breakfast buffet here?  Not so great.  Canned fruit and the fresh stuff was not ripe.The Teahouse was a better choice the second morning...but then again how many people wake up early enough while in Vegas to eat breakfast?  Unless you are just getting in around breakfast time....
1	FAQQ: LOL. You stayed at the Imperial Palace?A: Guess what? It's cheap, it's right on the strip, they have a great karaoke bar, dollar ice cream hour, elevators that barely work, a shitty pool, and it's right on the strip. Did I say it was right on the strip? While you dropped money on a "fancy" hotel, I saved money and drank myself to near-death.Q: But c'mon, the Imperial Palace?A: Walking distance to everything you need on the Strip. Caesar's right across the street. Bellagio nearby. Sure, the carpet was still from 1973 (a poor year for carpet fashion). Sure, the weird dancers in the middle of the casino was a little odd. If by odd you mean, well, sad.Q: HA! THE IMPERIAL PALACE!!!!A: Listen, fucker. I had a blast in Vegas. I'm not a high-roller. The room was cheap. The towels were worthy of being stolen. I didn't feel bad about spilling Jack Daniels on the floor.FYI ... Find that ice cream parlor with the ice cream happy hour (from 1pm to 2pm?) and you will thank me later.
3	First, a distinguishing note: There are the Palace Tower rooms and then there are the Capri Building rooms. First and VERY IMPORTANT: If you see the word Capri anywhere on your reservation - RUN!  This is unbelievable, seriously, its a motel building facing, no sorry, not facing, attached by its face, to a parking garage.  Literally..the rooms are 5 feet across the floors of the garage (open floors) so you get the sirens, the open car/close car beeps etc.  The "hallway" in the capri building is like a poorly lit prison corridor. Run!We didn't know and purchased the capri room for $60 a night -this is very very cheap for vegas and in such an awesome location on the strip!  However, once we walked into the room, let me rewind - as I was walking to the room, i thought I was in a practical joke. The first thing I did was pick up the phone and call the front desk. This is where  their three stars come in.  The lady at the front desk was very polite, and when i told her that there is a car siren going off in the garage and that I can't stay here...she transferred us to the tower for no extra charge.  The rooms are the same there - bland. However, they are clean and cheap.  1/2 star if no polite front desk lady.  Three stars for staying in the tower in an awesome strip location for only $60.If you are going to order a room from them, do it from their website - you get a few bucks off the priceline price with no extra fees.P.S. Eat elsewhere, play elsewhere...sleeping here is just fine thoughP.P.S. $65 for a basic pedicure - Are You Joking?!!
3	My husband and I went to Vegas for his birthday and we wanted a moderately priced hotel right on the strip. The Imperial Palace Hotel & Casino fit the bill.Getting into the parking area is a bit of a challenge. The entrance is right on the strip and the pedestrians DO NOT STOP. You almost have to force your way thru with your car. Very scary and I'm glad I wasn't driving. But once in, we took advantage of the free valet parking and into the Hotel we went.The Casino itself has had a major face lift and it shows. It still feels like old style Vegas and we liked that. Check in was a breeze and they let us check in a couple of hours early. They asked if we'd like an upgrade to one of the newly remodeled rooms for an extra $20 a night and we said yes. They gave us the King Luv Tub Suite and I really had no idea what this meant but was happy with a king bed.Our room was on the 3rd floor overlooking the pool. I was a bit worried because I didn't want to hear all the pool noise. Not a problem. There wasn't any. All the people at the pool were older (by older I mean over 35) and were calm and quite. We loved the pool area and it has its own bar. Very nice and spacious with plenty of seating for everyone. We were told that our room overlooks the luau they have and we would have great seats on our balcony. We didn't stay that long but next time we will.The room itself was very large. We were taken back by the fact that the "Luv Tub" was right next to the bed and not in the bathroom area. And it is HUGE. I decided to try it out and it took about 1/2 an hour to fill up. I was able to actually float in the middle of it without hitting the sides. One drawback (for me anyway) was all of the mirrors surrounding the bath. (It is also the shower). Mirrors on two sides and the ceiling. I just kept my eyes shut. When you shower, the mirrors fog up and it is better. Some people like all the mirrors ... we didn't.The bed was one of the most comfortable beds I've slept in. One more problem for me was the mirror on the ceiling over the bed. YEP! This is not a by the hour place but it felt a bit like that. A call for more pillows was answered by a knock at our door a mere 5 minutes later. Very nice. Also, we got some room service and it was delivered promptly and by a very nice gentleman.The TV was a bit small for the room but we didn't watch it much. I loved the decor and I've posted pictures so you can check it out yourself. The elevators were a bit slow but since we weren't in any hurry it did not detract from our pleasant stay. I have to say that I would recommend this hotel. It has a pleasant staff and comfortable beds. We heard nothing from our neighbors so it is nice and quiet in the room.
5	Do you want a cheap hotel with the most AWESOME location and 2 dollar blackjack tables at midnight?They you want IP (aka Imperial Palace)This place was our HOME away from home during my grad school days when we drove from LA to Vegas at least once every 2 months..Cheap rooms, cheap tables, cheap booze...Nuff said.
2	I stayed at the imperial palace for my 21st because my broke ass couldn't afford a "better" place. You really do get what you pay for here...the parking lot was RIDICULOUSLY hard to navigate through (i followed all the signs and still managed to go around in circles), and if you didn't get lost in the parking lot, you'd probably get lost trying to find the elevator or your room. oh, and someone on our floor vomited early in the night so we couldn't get to our room without a noseful of someone elses yak. needless to say, the smell didn't get any better the next afternoon when it was warmer.the teahouse [the 24 hour restaurant upstairs] serves okay food for reasonable prices, but make sure you have everything before your server leaves because it'll be another hour until you see him to flag him down. i think that's a trend with all 24 hour restaurants though...especially denny's, but i digress.the room itself was very spacious, and not as ghetto as i was imagining it to be. The location and price are unbeatable...and if you're a cheap college student, the vomit smell and dated furniture are forgivable.
3	I had no issues with the Imperial Palace. It was centrally located, rather inexpensive, and the buffet on the top floor was awesome. It's not the best casino hotel, but if you don't care about that, it's doable. The service was acceptable.
1	What a crap-hole.  This should be the next place to get knocked over on the strip.  It's dated and poorly aged design feel really out of place amongst the new and newish casinos that surround this dive.The hotel portion of the hotel is a freaking maze.  I felt like Timmy in The Shining sans a Big Wheel to roll down the extremely long vomit soaked hallways.Our room seemed clean, but the walls were obviously paper thin.  This is obviously Harrahs resorts red-headed stepchild.  Do yourself a favor and stay at one of the "fresher" places on the strip that don't smell like an old ashtray filled with puke.
1	So normally I would never even think of this hotel but I came with a bachelorette party and this is where the bride got us all rooms for supposedly cheap (we'll discuss that later). Omg. HORRIBLE!!! First of all it was impossible to navigate. No one would want to go back up to the room cause it would take 15-20 minutes to just find it!  THey were dark and really scary. Not gonna lie had some really creept unnerving moments looking for our room! Second the room was  beyond basic. Dated. Dirty. Ick. Thirdly, I have never slept on a more uncomfortable bed. It was so bad!!! Like sleeping on a board. I'm not exaggerating on that one. We had previously made fun of a girl in our group who brought an air mattress cause she is too OCD to sleep in a hotel bed. After the first night we all WANTED IN ON THAT BED!!!! All the restaurants were disgusting. And I found it really funny that in the pool area, there are signs everywhere notifying you of the Clark County law stating that it is illegal to have alcohol in the pool, yet everyone had beer bottles in the pool and the lifeguards and hotel staff didn't even  try and stop people. Now about being affordable. I ended up seeing a statement from the hotel and the room was about $200. I was shocked! $200 dollars for that:?!!?! If i had known I would have told the bride that much more reasonable prices can be had at much nicer hotels and casinos. I felt so had. Never ever ever go here. There is no reason to. Its truly absolutely awful.
2	So, yeah, the Imperial Palace is inexpensive and it's right on the strip, but nowadays, the other hotels have reasonable prices too.  Get slot cards from all places and USE THEM...  They'll get you good deals too.  But if you don't gamble, and just want a cheap place to stay then Imperial it is.
3	Imperial palace is cheap and ugly but it's on the strip. It's like your friend's ugly sister that you never talk about because she's got a mole the size of an apple on her chin, she's about 20lbs over weight, ratty clothes and an overall lingering funk of a musky closet, but you still bone cause she's a sure thing.
1	My Stay at IP was supposed to be a "Romantic" Rendevous in Airport Code: LAS.  This event happened in 2003.  It was a scorching Fourth of July weekend. I packed nothing but dresses and heels. Why I did not pack walking shoes I'll never know.BigD lives in Los Angeles/Inglewood.  We met in Cortina, Italy on a trip with the National Brotherhood of Skiers. He is a Snowboarder. After hooking up we decieded to have a long distance thang. This was just one of our meetings.His birthday is in July....so this was a party and meetup all in one.I called myself researching this hotel. He loves water, hot tubs so...I was looking for a room like that on the strip. I checked eOpinions, Travelocity, AccessVegas.com.  The IP got decent reviews. A few scary ones i should have paid attention to.  Caveat Emptor......  Buyer Beware.I am no newbie to hotels either.....  Here is some 411 on the IPImperial Palace is a 2,640 room hotel and a 75,000 square foot (7,000 m) casino located on the famed Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada. The hotel and casino were owned by Imperial Palace LLC until purchased by the current owner, Harrah's Imperial Palace Corporation a subsidiary of Harrah's Entertainment.From 1959 to 1979 the property was called the Flamingo Capri. In 1979, it was renamed to the Asian-themed Imperial Palace by new owner Ralph Engelstad. When Ralph died in 2002, the casino ownership transferred to the Ralph Engelstad and Betty Engelstad Trust. The casino operated as its own limited partnership, Imperial Palace LLC, under the Trust's oversight.Underwent a major renovation in 1988 which added an 18-story tower.On August 22, 2005, Harrah's announced plans to purchase this property. The acquisition was completed on December 23, 2005.During a conference call with investors on November 20, 2005, the Chairman for Harrah's, Gary Loveman, did not surprise industry analysts when he said that both the Imperial Palace and neighboring O'Sheas "are going to require very substantial modifications or complete tear-downs and rebuilds" in order to make room for a Harrah's and/or Flamingo expansion on the Strip. Address  3535 Las Vegas Blvd SouthLas Vegas, NV 89109Opening date  1979Previous names  Flamingo Capri, Best Western Imperial PalaceCasino type  Land-BasedTheme  Chinese/AsianOwner  Harrah's Imperial Palace CorporationNo. of rooms  2,640Total gaming space  75,000 ft (7,000 m)Permanent shows  Legends in ConcertSignature attractions  The Auto CollectionsNotable restaurants  EmbersMingFiresideCockeyed ClamYears renovated  1988 New towerWebsite  imperialpalace.comA Roach...and not the 420 kind ran across my toiletry kit...YUCK..The Comp package of Champange and chocolate dipped strawberries was laughable.  I did not go to the Auto Musuem or see the Legend's Show. I did have drinks at the bar. I ate no food at this hotel/casino. Thank God.The parking garage is scary. The elevators are slow. They should tear it down and start anew... The Polo Club is doing this. It is kind of dangerous as a pedestrian entering the Hotel/Casino from the strip.I hated it hated it. Had some good SEX....sorry hotel maid....Just Nasty Moldy and Funky....  I am staying at the Wynn next...
2	it's cheap ass motel that's in the middle of the strip. the size of the room is alright, but it's dark as hell in there, even when all the lights are on. the casino is scary. the furniture is from the 80's. but it is dirt cheap. if price is an issue and you don't really care, then this might be a good deal for you. but i'm never staying here. if i can't afford a nice hotel, then i'm not ready to head to vegas yet.
1	Ok, so here is where Yelp might have saved me, if I had seen this Before I stayed here.  But unfortunately I got the room through a bargain internet site, and didn't know the hotel I was reserving in.Ate in the buffet and was happy with the choices (there were veg options here, and that is not always the case in Vegas).  Had breakfast at the Tea House, and I don't remember anything too bad about that.  But then it is tough to screw up breakfast.I agree, the best reason to stay here is location and the cars.  But would I ever go back, NO, NO, NO.
2	Gross smell of chlorine in all the halls and roomHilarious dealers  working as bad impersonators (Elvis, Ricky Martin..)Eating there is definitely a bad ideaTrashy people everywhereTotally cheap, centrally located, adequateObviously a place just to crash, spend the money you save elsewhereOr, to sum it up in one word:GHETTO... but the good kind.
2	I really don't get how this place is still open. Just step outside and see some of the other casinos that surrounds it. Imperial palace just seems so old and out of place. The location is EXCELLENT though. Its seriously right in the middle of the Strip. So if you're trying to stay on the Strip, yet you don't wanna pay the big bucks, you MIGHT want to consider imperial palace.One other side note, one section of table games, they have the dealers dress up has celebrities and perform as well. Lets just say that I had a very very odd Little Richard deal me a couple hands of blackjack..
4	Honestly, I don't understand all these horrible reviews...  Granted it's not a 5* hotel like Wynn, Bellagio or Venetian - but then again it doesn't claim to be.  To me, the location - center strip, only minutes away from several of the 'big, destination' casinos - and the nightly rate (which can be hundreds of dollars less than its neighbors), are why I give this place 4*.  Add on to that the low table limits, the entertaining dealers AND the fact that unless its your honeymoon, you shouldn't be spending that much time in your room anyway!  Anyway, to each their own but I will continue to book the IP when I'm in Vegas... Besides, that extra $ I'm saving on an expensive hotel room will be going towards alcohol & table games.
1	There isn't much that can be said about the general nature of the hotel and casino that has not already been said: As KC D. put it "Ok, here is where yelp might have saved me."  Exactly. Why did I not get help from yelp when I needed it?Or, as Tatjana G. put it it, "Trashy people everywhere. Totally cheap, centrally located, adequate."The first room we checked into (room 507) was so bad, we laughed our asses off. We were taking pictures of the late 70's decked out wall paper, bed, lamp, TV from the 60's, etc. I could seriously not believe it. We paid as much (through expedia) as we could have paid at the Paris, NYNY, or the Stratosphere. While those were not four star hotels either, they have to be better than this.The bed was flat out broke. When you went to lay on the left side, you ended up on the floor. It was like a slippery slope down to the floor, not a bed. We immediately called and asked for a different room. They moved us (at a $20.00 per night charge) to a "completely renovated" floor, room 923. Apparently, to the Imperial, a renovation includes new wallpaper and bedspreads. That was the only different thing about this hotel room. Same terrible everything else. Anyway, to wrap this up: There are many other places to stay in Vegas if you need to save your cash for the slots. Others will treat you better, not be smokey and terribly dated, and basically be less of a pile.
3	If you want a cheap ass room in the middle of the Vegas strip, this is the spot. Who spends that much time in their hotel room anyways when on vacation? All you need a room for is to store your stuff, a place to get dressed, a place to preparty, and possibly a place to sleep if you didnt already on the street or found someone to share their bed with. I like how its called the Imperial Palace and yet theres no asian theme to it.
3	I have stayed here plenty of times over the years.  You really can't beat the prices at this place, especially for being right in the middle of everything.  Of course, I come to the IP without any expectations of grandeur, and it's all about the fact that you don't spend that much time in your hotel room when you're out in Vegas.  For CES, it's one stop away from the LVCC on the monorail which also makes it really convenient.As far as amenities and other parts of the hotel/casino go, there really isn't a whole lot there.  Oh, but if you're looking for low-class hookers, just sit in one of the bars in the hotel, and they'll be approaching from just about every angle.
1	I hate Imperial Palace. And it's not because of the rooms. The rooms are actually quite nice for the price you pay, and when you plan on partying and getting drunk all along the strip, you can't beat its central location. For those who are expecting something Vegas-extravagant, you'll probably whine and complain about this place. If that's the case, bust out your baller status and stay somewhere else. And it's not because of the casino itself. My friends and I were pretty lucky at the slots and tables here. And there's hilarious entertainment from dealers posing as singing celebrities.But the elevators! That dropped Imperial Palace to two stars for me (I'll explain the resulting one star eventually). You could wait up to 15 minutes for a darn elevator here. It was always a struggle to get into an elevator from the casino level, and it was such a pain to get an elevator on Sunday morning, when so many people are trying to check out and bring their luggages down. Luckily, we were only on the 6th floor, so we ended up bringing all our luggages down by taking the stairs. What a pain in the behind. So the resulting one star: well first of all, Imperial Palace doesn't have their own accounting office--you have to call Rio and tell them you want to speak to Imperial Palace accounting. Why did I have to call accounting? Well because I made reservations back in November, canceled them, and still haven't gotten a refund for it. I'm currently waiting for a call back because they can't figure out what's wrong with their computer system. Ultimately, if you're going to stay here, pack light, because there is a possibility that you may have to carry your luggages up/down the stairs. Or, be patient.  And, by all means, organize well so that you'll never have to deal with accounting.
2	I stayed at this hotel for my birthday weekend, 1/11-1/13, and wanted to find the cheapest hotel on the strip so I can get more of my friends to go.  Despite all the bad reviews, the hotel rooms were decent.  There were no holes in the wall, stains on the carpet, or a bad smell in the hallway.  However, it wasn't anything fancy but all I needed was a place to pre-party and sleep.  The monorail to MGM was really convenient because I watched Cirque du Soleil: KA the night I got there and it was only a 10 minute ride.So why the 2 stars?  The elevators SUCK and probably have never been upgraded since the hotel was built.  Tell me why there are only 4 elevators to gain access to the hotel rooms and you have to wait in line for them.  Worse yet, the elevators are the size of airplane stalls and come every 3 minutes or so.  When we checked out on the last day, the elevators were so busy that we ended up walking down about six flights of stairs with all our luggage and leftovers cases of beer.  Lesson learned: pack lightly and finish all of your alcohol.If it weren't for the crappy elevators, I would probably have given this 3 stars for its prime location and decent rooms.  However, the elevators dropped it down to 2 and it's enough to make me want to never come back.Good thing I had an awesome time and paid no cover for Tao and Pure to make the stay worthwhile.
4	Sept  11,  and guess where i was ???  watching it all from  my little room in  the Imperial Palace  ! only to realize  later  that morning that  everyone was stuck in Vegas  there was no air  traffic out   every thing was grounded ! but  the "IP" was nice  cut their rates  for us stranded folk  i spent two more days there    till i figured that  a bus ride  back to Chicago was  THE only way out of Vegas  at that time  and i was running outta money  fast !   any port in the storm !   and  yes i have gone back since  then   i like  the location  the best !   middle of the strip and  on the  monorail line too ! the rooms are comfy  -   OK OK so it is NOT  the Wynn ( but the Wynn was  not there  then !  on 9/11 LOL ) will review  more  ...later  !
1	One star for the location in the center of the strip. I didn't pay for my stay here, so I can't complain. Don't expect to sleep here. The food options were kinda lame. The pizza palace took 45 min to prepare 2 slices of pizza and the burger palace was ehhh. This hotel is a maze. Good luck finding your way from the parking lot.
1	I've learned my lesson, pay a bit more and stay somewhere nicer. It's so dirty and dated that I never went barefoot in the hotel room, not even in the shower. If you're a super poor college student, then maybe stay here. If you got a job, there's no excuse for you to stay here. It's got a great location, but other than that, it's got nothing. The casino has a horrible ventilation system as well. Oh yea, the pool was this green color when I visited in the late afternoon. Hmm...Blue pool + yellow pee = green water?
4	Ok so I was terrified that I was going to stay here after reading all of the reviews. This place was not bad at all. Seriously. We asked for an upgraded deluxe room and it was perfectly fine. I felt fine sleeping in the bed and usually hotel beds freak me out. We had an AWESOME view from our window but the bad thing is that there is a band that plays every night till about 3am. Since I was in Vegas I was out enjoying it and  I got back to the room around that time anyway and I was buzzing on some yummy Cabernet so I was out like a light. That is my only complaint. We didn't spend much time in the casino, just walked through it to get in and out. It reeks of smoke but so does the rest of Vegas. We didn't have to wait long for the elevators and  the staff was friendly. The tub did drain a bit slow but overall the bathroom was clean and didn't disgust me. I don't think they should tear this place down. Just update it. It's one of the older hotels on the strip and the location is wonderful. It's got character. I just wish they had made the rooms Asian themed since it is the Imperial Palace!
2	I stayed at the IP last week for a trade show I was attending at the Sands Convention Center.  I am not going to share anything here that the previous 85 reviews have not already said but maybe I can summarize.  -Friendly staff but in some cases understaffed.-Center Strip location.  Across from Cesar's, next to Harras and the Flamingo.-Monorail station attached to the hotel.-Older hotel.  Furniture and fixtures are from the early 80's-The IP does have an old, dingy appearance but from my experience it was clean.  Everything worked in my room. -Only a hand full of TV channels on the in-room TV. -Walking distance to the Sands Convention Center-Direct Monorail ride to the Las Vegas Convention Center.  -About half the cost of other hotels in the area. Let's face it.  You get what you pay for and the Imperial Palace is no exception.  I normally stay a places a bit nicer than this but on the other hand I saved $500 bucks over the five days I stayed there.  Overall It's a decent hotel in a very prime location.
3	I'll have to be fair to this hotel.It doesn't pretend to be anything that it is. It's basically a cheap hotel at a prime location. It's awesome placement on the strip makes it very convenient.CONS:- cigar smoke smell everywhere, in the hallways, even some of the rooms- some shady people: rednecks, black guys dancing on the sidewalk, you get the point...- horrible customer service I would have given the place 4 stars if it wasn't for the bad customer service. This place is a haven for people on a low budget who want to have a good vegas experience and don't care about the hotel since they're not in it most of the time anyway. This place doesn't pretend to be the Venetian, it's the Imperial Palace and nothing more. I have heard that for the same price range, you can go to the Golden Nugget which is considered a hidden gem in vegas so you might wanna try it out. Again, I highly recommend this place to college students or just those on a budget.
3	I said I wouldn't fall victim to you and your divey cheap thrills if I came into town again, but here we are...Your garage is sh*t and simply reeks of less-than-sanitary conditions, not to mention the exercise in urban-jungle-warpathing to find the room/casino/civilization after finally negotiating a parking space...Go down this elevator, cross this street, go up these stairs, leap this crevice, dodge the sketchy vagrants in the alley, cross this walkway, slay some orcs... then toss the ring into Mt. Doom...And once you find your room, well... you REALLY get the impulse to be on the strip.  Or off the strip.  Or anywhere, so long as its not in the room.  I can't even begin to delve into the misery that passes as lodging here.  I'd compare it to a multifloor'd Motel 6, only I'd hate to offend the Motel 6 people.Then there's the darned MaiTai bar, mixing drinks strong enough to bolster the already disproportionate bravado of the young ghetto-y long-shirts and older chicken-hawks scoping/skeev'ing on the women.Oh, and what might your theatric appeal be, oh, homage-to-the-Orient Imperial Palace?  Gimmicky celebrity look-alike dealers!  Your Michael Jackson was a woman wearing spotty bronzer and foundation for crying out loud!  Okay, gaudy as it is, it's pretty entertaining, given the previously mentioned Mai-Tais...  PLUS, your Stevie Wonder (who looked more like a heavy, dread-locked Philip Bailey from EWF) sang his mofo'in @ss off!!And my goodness, what an unsavory bunch that can be found in your casino.  Ah, the draw of cheap tables and cheap drinks.....still, I stuck around, because you trapped me with a $10 Pai-Gow table and a bootyliscious waitress who came by frequently, every 4th or 5th deal...To top it off, you put some friends of ours up, right on the Strip, for shy of $100...____________________________________... that first spring break was a long time ago when your cheap and easy accommodations were perfect for a less-than-discerning, no-money-earning college me.  I'm doing okay for myself now, IP.  Kinda into nicer things, ya know.  Maybe its about time we went our separate ways...... ah, who'm I kidding.  I'll holla next time around.  Might not stay the night, but I'll see you...  yeah, I'll be back again.
3	Some of these reviewers crack me up! Let me just get this straight.....if you want to stay in the hotel for your entire Vegas trip, then maybe you shouldn't stay here. I mean, come on....you get what you pay for (Char). And by the way...this hotel isn't just a "bit" cheaper, it's a helluva lot cheaper than anywhere else. Maybe you should leave your room more often, you are in Vegas!!! I have a job but the bottom line is....I need a hotel to provide a place for my luggage and a bed for me to crash out on. I am the type who goes on minimal sleep. I gamble, party, and go to shows much more than I hang out in the room. If I'm bringing my girlfriend out to Vegas (she doesn't like to gamble) then I would not stay here. I would stay somewhere with a better pool, casino, rooms, ect. But on this occassion (last week), I came out with my cousin and we had a blast. We played poker at the Mirage and Caesar's and roulette and blackjack at Oshea's, Bill's, Bally's, Harrah's, Casino Royale, ect. There are so many casino's near this place it makes it pretty darn convenient. So it depends on what you looking for. It's a great location with decent hotel rooms but not so great casino, restaurant's and pool. But just cause you're staying here doesn't mean you can't wander over to other nearby hotels and enjoy their amenities. Oh, and did I mention you will save a few hundred on a room that will be vacant for most of your trip. It's your choice....but this is one of the most prime locations and one of the cheapest places to stay in Las Vegas.
2	Imperial Palace is tacky beyond words, but I am guilty of staying here on multiple occasions. Going to Vegas on a college student's budget is never easy, so my friends and I always sacrificed the quality of our sleeping quarters in order to afford transportation, dinners at ridiculously expensive restaurants, and skimpy dresses. It's worth it. We barely spent any time in our hotel room (and if you're staying at Imperial Palace, you'll do ANYTHING to avoid spending time there). Also, the club in the front of this hotel is the FUNNIEST place I have ever been to. Don't ask any questions. Just go. And bring your pimp cup.
3	Yes this casino is in need of an implosion, but come on... karaoke til 1am every night?  On the strip?  That makes it worthwhile.  Oh, and one of the downstairs bars serves sake!  If they'd only comp it when playing video poker, I'd be in heaven.
2	Guilty as charged for going here, but wow, this place could use an update. I'd be willing to pay a bit more if they would update the place, but I guess they cater to a certain market they don't want to alienate. I'll respect that.It's a pretty tacky place, but the location and the price are unbeatable. You're literally right in the middle of the strip. That said, I think I'll fork out a little more next time to stay somewhere a bit nicer. We couldn't bring ourselves to go to any of the clubs or restaurants here.Unless you're on an extremely tight budget (which means you should probably ask yourself if it's a good idea to go to Las Vegas in the first place), I'd recommend staying somewhere else. The other places really aren't that much more expensive.
3	If you want a cheap hotel on the strip in a decent location (mid-strip OK for you?) then Imperial Palace should be among your list.Don't expect five star dining or service b/c this isn't that kind of property.  This is where you come when you want to still stay on the strip but don't want to pay 2x-3x more than you need to.The entire place could use a renovation but meh - if you're like me, you'll end up playing/eating at other properties anyway.  All you're going to do here is sleep (maybe), shower and change clothes (hopefully).Here's a tip if you stay here: Be prepared to cram into the first available elevator you can get.The elevators are the slowest I've seen anywhere.
3	I give this place three stars, only because I've never actually stayed here.  So, my comments are for the overall... tackiness of it all.  Every trip to Vegas, my husband and I make it a point to visit everything on the strip we haven't been in before.  So, I can honestly say that we've walked through every hotel on the strip, seen all the free shows, most of the pay shows, and we're working our way through the restaurants.  We've been in Imperial Palace once, and that was enough.  It's dark, really poorly designed, and just plain tacky.  I don't need to see the rooms.  Been there, done that, not to return (unless they do a major makeover).
2	Stayed here 7/7/07 for my friend's 21st birthday. We booked 2 rooms with 2 beds each. Because we expected a lot of people (and hey we're college - style) we were going to pack 13 - 15 people inside each of the 2 rooms. When we got there - they had downgraded us to 2 rooms with only 1 king bed each.  They were nice enough to provide a roll away free of charge. Other downsides .. checkin was hard to get to.  They had a checkin closer to the parking structure but it was closed.  Entire place smelled like smoke. At check out time good luck getting an elevator down, you're better off taking the stairs. For the location / price it's not bad but it's not good and it may have just been that weekend. If you're going to be away from your room during most of your stay then stay here.  Walking to Caesar's or the Venetian Pure or Tao and stumbling back to Imperial Palace is decent enough.
4	After reading all the horrible reviews about this hotel/casino I prepared myself for the worst. As it turns out, this is not that bad of a place. Obviously, it is old and a smaller casino but it is in a great location for a great price.We had no problems with smelling smoke or hearing other guests at all. I would highly suggest going to other restaurants though, we only ate at two of the five that are there and were pretty disappointed with them.I doubt I would stay here again though but that is mainly because I would prefer to check out other places when I return to Vegas. As for a first hotel to stay at for first timers on a budget, I would definitely recommend it.
3	I've never stayed at the Imperial but I have definately done my share of gambling there. It's definately the best value on the strip and full of character. In my drunken stupor I recall being serenaded by impersonators and am told that the dealers/impersonator break out in song every once in awhile. The best is the ice cream shoppe in the back of the casino, that's a MUST! This hotel is in dire need of renovations and I heard rumors that they have huge plans, but that was years ago. However, it hasn't changed a bit since the last time i was there.________________________________I took a star away from the IP because my favorite meatwad lost way too much money in too short a period of time. Respect!
1	Don't stay here.
1	I sometimes wonder how this place is still open because its such a dump and I'm aghast at how this place hasn't received a significant makeover like most of the other hotels on the strip.  Now that its part of the Harrah's chain, I figured something would have been done, but it still remains as the Imperial Dump.It only took one stay for me to realize I don't ever want to come back.  My hotel room had this eerie smell and when I had switched to another room, it still had some sort of a fish smell stained into the carpet.  This was something Fabreeze could never get out.  Bathrooms in the tub room were semi-disgusting and the closets always made me think there was a dead body somewhere in the walls.  The cleaning ladies told me they were aware of this, they even mentioned that nothing can be done.My friends got sick here from earlier experiences at the Emperor's Buffet, which may very well be the cheapest on the strip ($15 for adults on dinner!).  For the only Asian themed casino on the strip, its a shame MIng's happens to be the only Asian themed restaurant amongst the American burger / pizza joints they have in their collection.I know a renovation will be scheduled eventually.  It's in such a great location on the strip and the prices are too good for a lot of cheapskates to pass up.  But until the changes happen, it will remain as the Imperial Poophouse.
3	so we only stayed here one night, then we moved to the flamingo.are rooms were being compt because of our cards, so that was nice we could move. overall the casino was alot of fun with the fake celebs dealing and doing kareoke,but the rooms left much to be desired, very out dated, we stayed in one of those huge tub rooms.... i thought cool i will take a bath.... no it wasnt cleaned very well, so i did not go there. we probably would have stayed here 2 more nights because it's just a place to sleep anyway, but getting to our room was just stupid. we had to go from the lobby to the second floor, then get off and get on another elevator that takes you to the first floor and there we were... the room felt like we were in the basement lol. so we just didnt want to take that trek every time we went to our room, it was a pain in the butt. there for we moved hotels! overall this place is fun and it has cheap rooms, so if you want cheap stay here.
3	First, the cons: The IP shows its age. The rooms are unspectacular with the carpet showing wear and smoke smell even in the non-smoking rooms. I saw cooks make my pizza pie from scratch at the "Pizza Palace" restaurant, but it was rubbery and still ended up tasting like a frozen pizza. If you like to go to bed early, the strip-facing rooms will absolutely keep you awake. The Carnival Court is rockin' your world half the night, then checkout time is 11 AM instead of noon. Blaaahh. However, the IP has some things working in its favor. The staff was extremely nice, from the front desk to speedy valets to croupiers to security guards. It has what is possibly the best location on the entire strip. The room service meals are quick and delicious. It's nice to have convenient access to the monorail.Overall, the old place wasn't too bad. I wouldn't stay here if you're a light sleeper or a snob, but if you happen to be in town to go out with friends at night, you'll love where the hotel is at without caring much about the age of the place. If I found a decent rate, I'd stay here again.
3	Where shoudl I start? I despise the parking garage. If you're gonna stay here, do NOT park your own car. Get valet. The time it took to walk frm ur car to the hotel is probably gonna be like 10 minutes! I think my bedroom is probably nicer than IP's. There was a small table with ugly chairs. The decor is SO outta fashion. I didn't try any of the restaurants in the hotel. When I called for room service, the phone rang for hours. Noone wnated ot pick up I guess at 3 in the morning. The things i DO like now. I LOVEEEEEEE how it's soo cheap right in the middle of the strip! The location is perfect. So close to shopping and everything else. I feel like can actually win some money here. I played the tables and I did pretty good. I played wheel of fortune on the 5 cents machine, and you know how much i won?! like 720 credits! in one spin. This is the place! I don't like the celebrity impersonators though. So annoying. Other than that, i like this place alot! If you're cheap like me, stay here!
1	UghMy friend had a bachelor party in 2006.So a few people decided to book a weekend in Vegas...and it also happened to be on my birthday. So I was pretty excited about the idea of going to Sin City to celebrate. Then I get the call and its my friend all excited "we booked the package!"I'm like great..."where we staying...MGM?Venetian?Caesars?""Nope...Imperial Palace"Silence on the line...Oh...gee...greatNow I know its Vegas and its a bachelor party...so you will more than likely see no less then 20 minutes a day in the actual room since the time will be spent by the pool, gambling or drinking. But I can sometimes be a hotel snob, I admit it, and when I go to Vegas I want to stay in a great hotel. The hotel was awful...so dated...the rooms dirty and the terraces for the room, while nice to have, were just so ugly and didn't really make us want to hang out on them.Like I stated earlier...if it was a weekend with the wife, I would be more annoyed...but since it was time with the guys boozing, it wasn't bad, but the hotel still blew. We spent more time at other hotels than at this place. It is just a matter of time before this hotel is scrapped and updated.
1	Dooh!  I stayed here because of the location and price. I got a killer deal on a room on Hotels.com.Suffice to say, this is one of the last Casinos on the strip that hasn't been razed to make room for a more modern place. The rooms are dirty and in bad repair. The service was terrible as well. I spent all of my time in other places on the strip. I will never stay here again! Not even for free!
3	to put it simply: the IP is not the hellhole most people make it out to be.our room was clean and spacious, the bed was comfortable and unlike most hotels nearby (extra swank excluded), there was even a balcony overlooking the pool. the location can't be beat, of course. and sure, the casino may smell like old people, but overall, the kitsch works. i kind of got a kick out of feeling stuck in the 80s, and the only thing funnier than the "dealertainers" is watching the occasional super-awkward fan dance his ass off with them. the only "i expected better" moments: the elevators were indeed pretty slow and crowded, it really IS better to dine outside of the hotel, and the fitness room is a part of the spa - and therefore costs $20 a day (3 days without exercise to me is like 3 days without crack to a crackhead).i don't know what everyone else was expecting, but after reading all the reviews here, i expected dingy, moldy walls, cockroaches and muggings around the corner. in reality, however, i think that most people who hated this place were expecting way too much and are doing a disservice to a decent establishment. it ain't the wynn, but it's not pretending to be.
1	This place is straight from the pits of hell! My wife and I stayed here for a "free trip" to vegas that we earned from a timeshare presentation. The lobby was smokey, poorly decorated and filled with weird tranny's that were supposed to be celebrities. I guess that sounds like a general description of Vegas, but trust me, this place is especially bad. The room was pretty grungie and smelled a bit. My wife and I nicknamed this place the toilet store (e.g., "Where did you get those suits from, the toilet store?" - Brik Tamlind from Anchorman).      There was a luau outside the first night, which was kinda nice, but seemed pretty touristy as most are. However, the next morning there was constuction directly above us beginning at 9 am. The hotel denied that there was any construction, but moved us to a different room and gave us a comp breakfast at their sad excuse for a buffet. We couldn't wait to get out of here and jumped on a plane to Hawaii after two nights. The only positive was that it made Hawaii that much more enjoyable in comparison.
4	This is a older classic one of the almost original casinos in Vegas. Stay here once and had a wonderful time. Easy walking to just about everything down on the strip. Had a awesome room in the middle on the upper floor. The view looking out through the hotel to a desert plain was beautiful at night the lights from planes crossing the desert was outstanding. I think this is a must stay location.Thanks for listening...
1	This past December my honey's heterosexual lifemate (heretofore known as "Princess") decided that nothing would do but to celebrate his 30th in Vegas.  I have been to Vegas 4 times and the rest of the group, Princess included, were Vegas virgins.Princess decided that he MUST sing karaoke during one the the nights of our visit.  Sadly, Princess is not so much with the good planning and failed to realize that the live karaoke at the House of Blues in Mandalay Bay where we were staying took the month of December off.This led to my happy a$$ being dragged to the bar at the Imperial Palace for karaoke.  Princess assured us that this was where the "locals" went.This was the single most horrible bar I have ever set foot in.  So depressing that it made me want to slit my wrists the "right" way (Remember kids:down the road, not across the tracks!).  Drinks were week, waitstaff surly, customers alternating between scary, horrifying, embarrassing, or some combination thereof.The kicker was when the DJ refused to play a Tool song because it had profanity in it.  If we can get it played in our local dive karaoke bar in Redmond, WA; whose sensibilities are you shielding?  The old man grinding on the female patrons with his toupee askew or the girls dragged out of the Ladies room covered in puke yelling at her pimp?Save yourself this is like a Stephen King novel but less funny.
3	Let's face it, there are 2 ways to roll in Vegas. Baller style or Budget style. The times I've stayed here, I was definitely no baller, so you do the math. The Imperial is your average C-level hotel on the strip, but it's always been my theory that unless you are holing up in your room for some Circus sex and room service, it's really just a place to lay your buzzed and spinning head around 7am after being out all night. And for those conditions, the place is solid.As for the casino area of this hotel, well, it really attracts some winners. In the two times I've stayed here, I saw a guy at the poker table sniffing his arm pit. I've seen a woman mount a woman at one of the tropical casino bars (actually that was kinda hot) and one time, I even saw a fight happen. So for a cheap room and some quality entertainment, eh, it's not so bad :)
3	This is a good option if you are looking for a place to stay on the strip and on a budget. There is nothing remarkable about the rooms, but the hotel itself is situated well in the middle of all of the Las Vegas strip action. The fact that the monorail runs through the back of the hotel is a very convenient thing. The only thing I did feel made Imperial Palace stand out a bit was it's dealertainers. It's nice to walk out of the elevator and see James Brown or the Blues Brothers dealing black jack. Spontaneous performance by these celebrities is also pretty damn amusing!
4	My original feeling was to give the IP 3 stars - neither here nor there - until I ended up bleeding all over their escalator and floor and their great treatment of dumbass me merited another star.  More on that later.I was in Vegas for my first time for my first Roller Con, the international roller derby convention.  Yes, that exists.  Naturally, we needed someplace cheap, and IP fit the bill.  They dealt with 1000+ drunk and rowdy rollergirls/crew pretty well; of course some of the security was freaking out, but overall, I've heard few complaints from attendees.  You have to look at the hotel for what it is, guys.  I went over to the Bellagio and hadn't apparently comprehended before the trip that some hotels are palaces; the IP is utilitarian, generic brand. Do I have complaints?  PLENTY.  The layout of the hotel is unforgivable; nothing connects, some areas are incredibly far from the main part of the hotel and having a room there is like staying in the boonies.  You can't get from one end of the hotel to the other in any simple manner.  You're constantly going up and down elevators and escalators and getting lost.  Speaking of elevators, there need to be at least a dozen more; huge crowds would form around the bank of elevators next to the casino (which, yes, smells like an ashtray, but I'm also from CA where I'm not used to indoor smoking), and one time I waited for at least five minutes before an elevator stopped at my floor to go down.  Prepare to get snuggly with your fellow riders because people WILL pack in.  Friday/Saturday night enormous crowds formed around the elevators, a mix of skanked-out girls and drunken loud derby players, plus some unfortunate families whose children will never recover.  Karaoke bar is ok, I guess, but everything is more fun when you pack a couple hundred rollergirls in.  The pool is far too chlorinated, smelled funny, and hurt my eyes.  You have to pay for wifi.  The self-parking garage is way too small for weekend crowds.  Public restrooms aren't great.  Considering I was there for a convention, I spent a lot of time in the conference rooms, and those were pretty much what you'd expect in a cheap hotel: large rooms with no frills.  I appreciated that every conference room consistently had coolers of ice water and a stack of cups.  Apparently the IP is supposed to be Asian-themed, but they carry through so poorly that it was hardly noticeable.  Deluxe, no, workable, absolutely.  My friends ended up in a room with a love tub - a big tub IN the room, with a mirror over it and a mirror over the bed.  It was the kind of crap I'd seen on TV and I loved it.  FYI: having all your friends lie on the bed and take pictures in the mirror is fun.  I didn't find the regular rooms, showers, or closets as unsavory as some yelpers have, although I am still unclear why packets of butter were smeared all over my friend's room door/outside wall.  They've already been mentioned by others, but: DEALERTAINERS.  I laughed at the billboards on the way into town, but oh man, it is awesome to go into the casino and see someone who vaguely resembles Michael Jackson on the roulette wheel.  Other celebs I saw: Billy Idol, Britney Spears, Stevie Wonder, Madonna, Gwen Stefani, Freddie Mercury (that guy was great), Pat Benetar, etc.  And they take turns getting up on the little platform and lip syncing a song by their likenesses.  So great.  And the Dealertainers POSE if you point a camera at 'em!  LOVE IT.As I mentioned in the first sentence of this review, I ate it on an escalator (600% my fault, had nothing to do with the escalator/hotel, no I am not suing) and ended up with a large, deep gash in my knee that left me bleeding everywhere.  As an aside, keep in mind that a friend had stuck a large fake mustache on me immediately before the incident, so I extra looked like a dumb and potentially drunk rollergirl who had been running around for days annoying people.  The cleaning people saw my predicament and said they had to call security, then waited what seemed like a while to give me a paper towel or something, and security and an EMT showed up startlingly fast.  And they were all VERY nice to me.  The EMT cleaned me up and taped gauze on me, the security guard got all my info, they spoke to the lucky friend who got to take me to urgent care - hell, they knew where an urgent care was, not just an ER - and I never got the feeling I was being judged or condescended to.  Even the cleaning people who got stuck cleaning up the blood were nice, and coincidentally, one ended up cleaning the room I'd stayed in and randomly telling my roommate about the accident; my friend said yep, she knew me, and the woman asked my friend to send along a "hope you're doing ok."  THAT'S SERVICE.
1	I stayed here a few years ago on my 2nd trip to Vegas. We wanted something cheap and we got it. The bed had cigarette stains and holes in it. the tropical decor was so cheesy. We were not in the room very much but when you have the spins from drinking it is not fun to hear the cars in the next door parking structure. It gave me motion sickness too. I threw up in the elevator, which is tiny and all through the casino. I will not go back here, bad memories, but everyone needs one really cheesy nasty vegas stay I guess.Oh Yeah I guess they are planning on tearing it down for a new casino.
2	This place is straight slummin, but what do you expect for 50 bucks a night. Personally, I dont spend much time holed up in my hotel room when I am in Vegas so if I can scrimp money here and there to feed the ole gambling addiction or head out for a nice dinner, I would gladly do so. Just don't turn on the fan in your room because it will make the whole room smell like a NYC subway station. The TV's were also made in the same year of my mom's birth. But whatever, the location is great. It's literally right in the middle of the strip across from Caesar's.  So check into your room, get showered and dressed up, and don't come back until you've outraced the moon.
2	my grandma likes to gamble and gets comps all around vegas all the time. i ended up here with the hubby a few years back because we thought this place was too smokey for my sister in-law (who was pregnant) to stay at. we were nice and took this room over a room at harrah's. boy were we stupid! the bed was not comfortable. there were nasty stains on the comforter and the headboard had weird stuff all over it...ewwww!!! not to mention that our bathroom smelled like mildew...my biggest pet peeve ever! i swear to god i wanted to get lysol and decontaminate this place! i know their is worst out there....but don't stay here even if it is free! it was nice of the grandma....but i would nicely decline a room here again!
2	I personally like this place. especially if you're doing vegas on a whim or on the cheap. it has all you need, bed, shower etc, and is smack dab in the middle of the strip.id recommend this place if you're doing vegas on a budget, or if you're a rookie, experiencing vegas. test it out, see how you like it
1	For 175$, I got a motel room located in the parking garage (room #40), had a window view on cars and vans, and had to hear car alarms go off all night. If you are going to Vegas, pay an extra 25$ or 50$ and get yourself a decent hotel.  Otherwise, the Imperial Palace will just ruin your stay.
3	For all the people hatin on this hotel, I have 2 words for you......3-StarWith all the 5 star hotels around Vegas, expectations are high & opulence is at the extreme.....level setting expectations is the key to happinessWe were looking for a cheap-for-Vegas, centrally-located hotel, that we would spend NO time in....I don't want to gamble in your casino; I don't want to eat at your restaurants; I don't want to swim in your pool; I don't want to partake in any of your entertainment.....I want a place to sleepImperial Palace fit the bill perfectly.  Were there huge lines waiting to be checked in?  Of course, this is Vegas & there were millions of people everywhere - expect crowds wherever you goWas there smoke?  Hell yes - & every piece of clothing, whether worn or not worn, now needs to be washed to get the smokey smell out & we were in a non-smoking room but come on......Vegas allows smoking & it seeps everywhere - expect itOur room was quiet, the bed was fine; the bathroom sink & tub backed up when running even the most minuscule amount of water - but again, this is a 3-Star hotel & we were okay w/ itWe even actually liked the labyrinth-like setup of the hotel - seemed like an adventure every time we went out & aboutWe're in the direct middle of the Strip; we're right AT the Monorail stop & can easily get to other hotels & venues & this was the main reason we came - to explore & trounce about & NOT to enjoy this Hotel's amenitiesImperial is not a 5-Star Hotel & doesn't pretend to be.  It's a 3-Star Hotel so if you're expecting a 3-Star, you won't be disappointed ........PLUS, it streamed in 80s music all over the casino, the *entire* weekend which deserves bonus points for THAT alone!!!  Its neighbor Harrah's was playing Toby Keith....nuff saidSo for Sis & me, Imperial treated us just fine!  A-OK!!
4	Wow - either we got very lucky or people have WAY too high of an expectation from a room they got for cheap right in the center of the strip. We checked in on a holiday weekend for under $150 and due to the numerous bad reviews about this place I was nervous, but we entered our room with a king size bed, mirror on the ceiling and bathtub that could easily hold eight people and breathed a non-smoky sigh of relief. We walked out to our personal veranda that overlooked the pool as well as the Flamingo, Caesar's and the Rio.   Our room was quiet, large, clean, the A/C was cold and it had an old-school Vegas charm.  1/2 Modern Vegas meets 1/2 Old Vegas and you have the IP.  What was supposed to be a 24-hour trip turned into a 48 hr due to the fun we had here and we took advantage of all amenities --The casino had that dirty Vegas feel - from the Champagne Pit that had booty music blaring and dealers in fedoras to the "Dealertainers" (impersonators who perform songs and deal your blackjack hands) where I had the pleasure of sitting down with Missy-as-Dolly Parton who not only was immensely entertaining, she gave me great tips too and I won some $$! This casino floor was just some good ol' fashioned Vegas fun. Drinking, we did plenty of that  -- Super bonus star: The Geisha Bar's prices were insane, five dollar Bloody Marys (call liquor), actually, five dollar drinks period - now this is what you expect when you come to Vegas, free/almost free drinks, six dollar steak dinners, cheesy craziness.   We also indulged in some frozen drinks around the Shangri-La pool, but they were made with cheapy liquor and after the five dollar drinks noted above I was sticker shocked at 8.75 (how quickly we forget LA prices...)  Speaking of, the pool was great. This isn't "Rehab" by any means but if you are into just chilling out, getting some sun and dipping in the pool then this fits the bill to perfection. The only thing I didn't get was the tropical waterfall, I guess it was decoration but what we really wanted was for it to be a waterslide. Food, was decent, when we remembered to eat. I would give the IP the five star stamp but one of their restaurants (Pizza Palace) made us both ill and was just not good. Just don't do it, even if you are starving, just.....don't......The Teahouse wasn't bad for a 24-hour coffee shop, although I felt immense guilt as the must've- been-six-month's-pregnant waitress served us our shrimp cocktail and Reuben sandwich at 2:30AM. Well, I guess that's Vegas!  We also took advantage of room service which was fast and not too shabby, our Prime Rib Sandwich was a touch overcooked from MR but I can overlook this as the menu in general was super-cheap. (I think the most expensive item was fifteen dollars)All in all I absolutely fell in love with the IP -- the staff was really friendly and helpful, the maze of a hotel was more of an adventure than a hassle and the prices were some of the best you will find on the Strip.  Ol' Skool Vegas + a dash of the new flavor  = Imperial Palace.
4	****Review of the Casino Only!****My friends and I had the most wicked fun time gambling at this place.  I can't imagine a better group of people I would rather lose my money to!  We played craps and blackjack mostly so the drinks were free flowing.  Darina, our cocktail waitress, was so sweet!  Marie, our blackjack dealer in the Champagne Pit, had us singing and high-five'ing everyone at our table.  The craps dudes were all fun, gave good advice and were all around fun (well, except Glen...he was a bit of a hardass.)  I really had an awesome time here.  I won't be staying at the hotel anytime soon after reading the other yelp reviews tho I highly recommend going to throw your money down at the casino.
4	There are reasons why there are five star, four star, and three star hotels/casinos in Las Vegas.  Vegas caters practically to any budget, you to all o fyou guys putting down the Imperial Palace, it's simple, just go hit up the Wynn and the Venetian.My girlfriend and I were looking for a place to crash after sights and sounds, smells of cigars, cigarettes, and alcohol along the strip.  Not looking to be spoiled by amenities, although it would be nice from time to time.  Just needed a place to lay my head, use a clean toilet, and just chill out from the Las Vegas Night Life.Minus the deposit fees, it was really cheap and we got a nice king size bed, not really hating on the view of the other side of the Imperial Palace, but looking out to the strip can be overrated.  Blow dryer, Iron, and Ironing board, a necessity to look your best in the Las Vegas night life.Overall, our stay at the Imperial Palace was great, nothing to complain about.  The casino downstairs was actually fun.  I was playing roulette while Billy Idol, Michael Jackson, Christina Aguilara, Tim McGraw 'til 3 in the morning.  It's an overall great atmosphere.  And I would definitely would love to stay at the Imperial Palace again.  How can you complain where you are directly in the middle of the strip?p.s. the buffet at the Imperial Palace was great and reasonably priced, compared to the Flavors Buffet next door at Harrah's.
3	I stayed here for the first time last weekend, got a room for a three day weekend for around $70... gotta love that!  Right in the middle of the strip and everything!  Everyone told me this place was going to be ghetto and that it looks like a bad Chinese gangster hideout but I was entertained by the dragons on the beams in the ceiling and the random fake celebrities... We were able to sleep eight in a room with two doubles... ghetto fab I know, but it all worked out... The room looks pretty much like any Harrah's style room, same bathroom, with the same toiletries, tv checkout capability, and a tiny balcony that overlooks Harrah's pool next door... They use the Harrah's player card in their machines since they are owned by them, you can use your comps there, they have a slightly below average buffet there, we went to the Sunday brunch variety... I enjoyed the french toast and broccoli soup they have there... other than that the eggs were gross and tasted like pure yolks and our group of 8 had to sit at two 4 seater booths back to back... Overall their food was decent quality it's just those scrambled eggs that were the problem... The casino was pretty decent size, they did have slots on other floors as well but I only played those that were on the main floor...  the casino was always busy whether it be the slots or the table games and the cocktail waitresses were easy to come by but I'm not sure how fast their reaction time was because I didn't order any drinks from them.  Really, I had a great time and no complaints about the casino or the hotel and I would definitely stay here again... well comped that is =)  I wouldn't spend full price for a hotel I get for free otherwise...
4	When I rate the Imperial Palace with four stars, it is definitely considering the price. Don't get me wrong, I would WAY rather stay at the Venetian or Wynn but this hotel is a great place to go with friends for super CHEAP. Some of the best features include:- Did I mention that it's cheap?- Rooms are sufficient and they let you jam 6 girls into one room (not that they notice)- Karaoke bar near the front of hotel- Bar that sells "adult slurpees" in a variety of flavors and sizes... gotta love the yard that is a full yard of alcohol and icy deliciousness!- Cheap casino tables where I tend to be lucky...- Celebrity impersonator dealers in the casino- Great location in the middle of the strip near shopping, clubs, etc.Biggest drawback:- Pool seemed a bit sketchy to me... did not want to go into that water (you might be able to "visit" a pool at another, nicer hotel though!)
2	This review is based on my stay here last weekend, and if you really stress that your hotel room along the Strip isn't important, this place is for you. Hotel rooms are standard, so nothing special stands out at all. The elevators are crap because they take forever and theres a stop going down on every damn floor. Moreover, the elevators are small. The ice machines didn't work on our floor, and the bathrooms had no locks (a first for me). My friends and I basically had a rule that if the light was on, no one could go in unless someone knocked. The casino itself was alright, with the card dealers dressing up in costumes and such. Parking is alright, but the elevators take forever for the garage too. Book your reservations here if you want a cheaper spot and you know for a fact you're hardly going to be in your room. It is in the middle of the Strip though.
5	That little margarita place below in front of Imperial is amaaaaazing. An entire yard stick size container of your choice of margarita for 32 bucks with 20 dollar refills. You get to pick your flavor or flavors among 6 different choices which come from slushie-like machines. Extra shots mixed in with your margarita is only 2 dollars. Refreshing way to get drunk, just make sure to share this bad boy!
3	I don't mind this hotel.  It's not the greatest, but I can't beat the prices.  I obviously don't stay here for 5 star treatment.  It's really just a place to sleep.  But the staff is fun and I was having a great time at the casino.  The only thing is that I can't get shots of grey goose when I'm gambling.  What's up with that?!  Since I like to gamble, I may stay somewhere else next time cuz drinking absolut is kinda gross.
4	Ahhh the IP. I spent many a weekend here in college. If you know what you are doing, you can get 4 people in a 2 bed room for about $10 a head. Not bad! The cheesy architecture is hysterical, and was home to Allotta Vagina in Austin Powers. Every time I am in Vegas, I'm told the IP will be torn down any minute. 5 years later, it's still here. Located across the street from Caesar's shops, it's one of the few bargains located centrally on the Strip. That being said, I would bring my own sheets.
3	well i wanted a place at center strip. would i have gone for the flamingo for a little more money, knowing what i know now? yes.but... hey, can't complain. it was a little shoddy, a little dirty, and totally just fine. we had a balcony! which my sister's suite at the mirage did NOT! so there.the buffet was fine. nothing to write home about, but so far no food-borne illness, which i'm all about.so yes, it may not be much of a step up from the motel 6, but it is a step. a good deal at center strip. and if you're spending too much time in your room you're doing something wrong anyway!
2	stayed here march 08. for 3 nights.it was cheap and center strip. great location!  the line to check in was long. the elevators are really small and take a long $^% time to get there. the wait is maybe about 5mins. the room is an ok size. the decor sucks! its like stuck in the 70's. the colors are wearing off the comforter is really old. the curtains are tacky. the bathroom size was decent however the tub drain wasnt working that well. it took a long time for the water to go down the drain. we did have a balcony but it was over looking the roof atop of the casino area. the TV came with a N64 controller. i dont know why they would have nintendo in there....for the kids? why would you bring kids here!? the walls are really thin....heard a few things that i wish i wouldnt have heard...but they were not for too long and it was like 12am...by 1215 it was over :)  but i did like the "closet" lolthe casino area was ok. a lot of people and it was fun when an impersonator sang. beers were not cheap. oh close to the elevator there is a counter where timeshare people talk to you and where we got a 2 for 1 coupon for harrahs buffet.i would not stay here again.
2	Oh yeah, it's pretty dingy.  It smells like cigarettes downstairs and the elevators take forever, and it's got some weird esclator business going on.  What's awesome about it is that it's cheap and it's centrally located on the strip.  The hotel rooms aren't that bad either...except ours was close enough to hear (and feel the pounding of) the music from the hotel's bar (Rockhouse, I think it's called) so it was hard to nap in the afternoon.  Oh, by the way, there's a KARAOKE BAR!!!  Unfortunately, the wait was too long so we didn't get a chance to sing, but it seemed pretty fun...
2	Imperial Palace is not just outdated because it's old, dingy, and still has popcorn ceilings in the guest rooms. It's outdated because it has this non-specific, non-unique, pan-Asian decor that originated long before the now-common concept of Asian fusion. In fact, Imperial Palace was re-themed in 1979, when using the term "Oriental" was still acceptable. I'm pretty sure nothing has changed since then, even though Asian decor now conjures up bamboo, rich greens and browns, and soft fabrics far more than it does pagodas, blocky script font, or a blue and white color scheme. My husband and I have been inside Imperial Palace many times before to gamble, check out the celebrity impersonators/dealers (gotta love that Charro wannabe calling out roulette numbers!), and sing at the karaoke lounge (which used to be located downstairs in the little detached space in front of the main entrance and is now inside the main hotel). However, we had never stayed there, choosing instead to spend a bit extra (or on a good weekend, significantly less!) for a hotel that was a lot nicer (our favorites include Aladdin/Planet Hollywood, Bally's, and Mandalay Bay). This particular weekend, however, was Veteran's Day and also happened to be the weekend Madonna was in town for a show and the weekend of a massive bull-riding convention (always forget these kind of things exist!). Anyway, hotels were a lot more expensive than we were used to paying in Vegas and we were only planning to be in town for the night, so we ended up choosing the Imperial Palace. I knew from the pictures on the web site that the rooms were going to be hideous, but I could never have anticipated just how dingy and unappealing they were. The walls had a yellowish tint, the furniture was peeling, and the concrete on the patio was almost black from various, un-identified stains. We were also weirded out by the sign on the patio door that said "This door may self-lock from the outside." What a relief that we weren't planning to spend a second out there anyway!I agree that Imperial Palace is in a great location. I also know that most people (like my husband and I) will not spend much time in their hotel room while in Vegas. I also still think that IP is a true, character-filled kind of spot to gamble while you are out and about. However, unless you plan to be with friends (and not with a SO or spouse that you may actually want to be close to) and are truly not snobby about your accommodations (be honest with yourself, people!), you may want to spend a bit extra and actually stay elsewhere. If you do decide to take the plunge, bring some Febreeze and check your diva self at the door!
3	Cheap cheap cheap cheesy cheesy cheesy but it's on the strip. Kinda like an upgraded version of motel 6. I've noticed that there's lots of "older" people that stay here, so the senior citizen dating pool must be poppin if you stay here. Rooms are clean; standard amenities like tv, beds, bathroom.Live, Laugh, and LunchPatty
4	With the price and location it is a steal!!  Of course the beds aren't as comfy as the next hotel on the strip, but for the price, whose to complain?!I've always gotten a corner room so it's VERY VERY LARGE, SO MUCH EXTRA SPACE, and I don't have to deal with an extra set of neighbors for the weekend =P.Another plus is that RIGHT OUTSIDE is the place with the yard long margaritas!! JACKPOT!! =D
3	Looking for a bargain and great location has led me to stay at the Imperial Palace twice.  I particularly appreciate the monorail stop at the back of the hotel.  There was a lengthy wait to check in both times.  The employees were always friendly and helpful.  The casino was always lively and busy with a good crowd.  Cocktail service was pretty good, but drinks at the bar were a bit expensive for a hotel/casino in this price point range.The rooms, on the other hand, leave something to be desired.  They are small, sparsely and cheaply furnished, and quite outdated.  The beds are very firm, which I dislike.  The hotel corridors are maze-like.  The rooms were some distance from the elevator, with a couple of twists and turns.....kind of confusing.  The room served its purpose adequately, but wasn't comfortable.The only places inside IP that I've eaten at were the Burger Palace (pretty good), the Tea Room (good), and the Emperor's Buffet (edible, but not very good).The antique auto collection was fascinating to see.  Overall, a decent place to stay (primarily for its location, which earns it a third star), but if you are looking for comfortable accommodations and more up scale amenities then this isn't the place.
3	I'm not going to comment on the hotel portion, b/c we didn't stay here, so this is just a review of my casino experience.Due to location, this place is very popular for budget gamblers.  Along the center of the strip, it is the cheapest buffet and has the cheapest minimums in the poker room and on the black jack tables.  It is a dingy casino but always crowded.  We had to get on a waiting list and "not leave the area" if we wanted a seat at the table.We didn't have to wait long and paid for overpriced beer while we waited.All in all, I really enjoyed the poker room here, as it was cheap to play ($2, $4 Texas Hold 'Em limit).  I played for nearly 15 hours before finally leaving and played against a lot of cool people who made for good conversation and the dealers were entertaining, nice and never made too much of a fuss.I really didn't hate it, but it was definitely run down and in need of a make-over.I say if you are looking for budget friendly casinos, go downtown where the atmosphere is cooler and the people more mellow ...oh and it's WAY less crowded.  The strip is for 21 year olds or bachelor parties.  Old Vegas is for true gamblers and adults looking to get away from the idiots.
3	For some reason, in the 90s, my friends and I fell in love with this place.I think it was its non-intimidating atmosphere. Or maybe it was just the first casino we happened upon. We actually couldn't remember the name of it (even though we were inside it), so we affectionately nicknamed it "Pachinko Palace."I went inside in 2008 and I was amazed at how run down it's become, especially the little bar that is directly on the strip. It was disgusting actually.5 stars for the memories. 1 star for its present condition.
1	just avoid.......this hotellllllllperiod!!!!
4	What do the movie "Body Double" and IP have in common?  low budget fun, cheap sex, and both from the 80's.Wife and I booked 3 nights here in IP, I must say that this is one of the more interesting experience we can remember here in Vegas.  One word to sum up this hotel:  GHETTO There were heavy downpours here during X'mas (very rare in LV).  Upon arrival, I drove to the self-parking area and lo-and-behold there's a raging river running through the lower level of the parking structure.  The self-parking area looks dark and haunted and not a single car parked.  It took a while before i realized everyone parked on the upper floors.The room we got was the "deluxe room" but the room was small and dingy, bed smells like bleach (not the chemical variety, if you know what I mean), the floor is full of stain, bath tub and sink is VERY worn, and the furnitures are outdated.  We called the front desk and ask for upgrade so we paid $30/night additional and got the "Love Tub room".  While I like the idea of having this huge jacucci tub (fits 5 people) right next to your bedside, there is no massage jets, you get just a huge tub and nothing more.The mirror on the ceiling right above the bed?  should I get my camcorder and make movies too?  not going to do it because I don't  have a 10 inch dildoBut don't get me wrong, I'm not complaining.  The location is awesome, and it's great on your budget.  Call your low-life friends from elementary school and tell them to bring drugs and booz and let's party.
3	I only give 3 stars for the location.  had to stay here during a convention at an off strip hotel.  last minute trip so i stayed for the comp room rather than paying rack rate at the convention hotel.  that said,i had a room on the sixth floor facing the harrah's pool.  the music from the carnival court poured into my room day and night.  since this was not a happy 'let;s drink and gamble til i'm stupid' kind of trip, the music really bothered me.  but i'm not the type of person to make a big fuss and demand a new room.  i was comped and not even gambling so i didn't want to draw any attention to myself.  the room was clean and neat, fairly big and a balcony which is nice to have but there was trash on the balcony and the roofs below.  the overall design of the ip is weird, espcially the layouts of the hotel towers.  the elevators are slow and they are always packed.  casino for most part is just crowded by design, small walk ways.  i'm trying to go somewhere and one person is blocking the whole pathway.  probably wound't stay again since i can get comped at any number of harrah's properties in vegas.
1	I've read all the reviews before going and I have to say this place still sucks ass! And on so many different levels... 1. If you get the room on the first floor, you have to take a elevator up to the 2nd floor, walk down the hall and take another elevator down again to the first! 2. Same freaking problem with the parking, you got to take a couple of different routes to/from the garage. I felt like a rat in a maze! We were constantly lost. 3. Their celebrity dealers are scaaaaary-looking. They all look like drag queens with their get-up. 4. Their Burger Palace is a major ripoff! (please see my review) Do not take your hangover or sour stomach here! 5. This place is old and dated. Its on life support and needs to be put out of its misery...from what I hear it is very soon. Positive note: The staff is very nice and is conveniently located. Conclusion: If you're going to stay one night only, why not and save a few bucks. But if its a couple of days, I'll spend a few extra bucks and stay at a hotel that doesn't resemble a nursing home.
2	Let me first say that this is my spot when you want to stay on the strip, but you don't wanna bust your wallet while doing so.  The place reminds me of a bigger Motel 6 with a casino that happens to be attached to it.  The staff is pretty wack and do not have a clue at what they are doing sometimes.  I had to complain twice before i finally got a room that ok.  What you get when you stay here is a prime location on the strip.  The nicer hotels that you should have stayed at are all around you and are in walking distance.  Five stars for location and -8 stars for everything else you have read.
1	Never again. Decent location, but still never again. Horrible value for the price we paid. The pool closed early for some reason so we ended up having to sneak into the hotel next door to use the pool.The front desk staff screwed up our reservation - we asked for non-smoking and they put us in smoking rooms. We then proceeded to wait nearly an hour to get our rooms changed to what we reserved and paid for. The bed was horribly uncomfortable, the room was small and the bathroom was old. Pay the extra bucks and stay somewhere else because Imperial Palace, was more like imperial hell.
2	Good value for a prime location.  If you get a room facing the rear, you will experience the constant rumbling and idling of tour buses outside.   Just make sure you get to bed in decent time, they start around 6:00am. We got a Luv Tub which is in the room area, which is also your shower- it's difficult to bathe without affecting your partner.  The restaurant Embers was great, the massage was great, buffet was old -style but fast,.  There is also a good supply of cheap gambling.  The monorail is conveniently located outside.  There is a Wells Fargo ATM nearby.
1	Whadda dump! Dude, I fully expect a semi-awesome room (even if it is super basic) when on the strip in one of the big hotels.... but this aint it!Getting to the check-in desk from the garage is HELL.The casino is dingy.Reserved a non-smoking room only to be given a smoking room and was told there is no guarantee for such a request even though it was available when we made the reservation.Bathroom looked like it was for an army barrack.Too close to the garage where we heard car alarms going off all night.No free wireless access or coffee maker (I guess this is standard in Vegas, but it fucking sucks balls.)We stayed in the "Capri Building" and maybe that was the problem, but damn... the night previous we stayed in the Stratosphere for much less and it was a palace in comparison.Overall, this place was a serious bummer.
3	So here's the deal... if you want a motel quality room, in a prime location, and a cheap (for vegas) price... then this place may just work for you.Hubby and I stayed here for our Couple's shower because we could get a suite for $100 a night. While the room wasn't anything special, it was decent. The whole room was huge, there were mirrors over the bed (classy!), and it had the craziest shower/bath I had ever scene! The whole thing was surrounded by mirrors and glass. When it got fogged over it was a bit like something out of some scary movie however. Oh, and you have to be 5ft tall or shorter if you want to take a shower. Unless you don't mind knelling in the tub. But, they kept the room clean and it was in a great location.Room service was decent. However, I wouldn't waste money eating anywhere else in the hotel. Not a good food selection. The casino is well equipped with a variety of slot machines, which is nice for the slot machine junkies (like myself). The car show is worth seeing and pretty reasonably priced. Definitely something I would do again.I wouldn't recommend staying in the expansion on the back. A couple of my girlfriends stayed back there, and had to be escorted to their room by one of the guys every night. You know it's a bad location when you can smell the drugs walking through the halls and see a naked man running out of his room while arguing with his wife/girlfriend.Overall, an ok place if you are traveling on a budget. Just go elsewhere to eat and avoid the expansion!
2	Pros:- Tranny Shania Twain impersonator at the casino - HEYO!!- Relatively reasonable prices for being right on the strip within walking distance to Harrah's, The Venetian, Paris, The Bellagio, Caesar's Palace. - Easy check-in and check-out process.- Bartender with the heavy fist at the high-roller bar.Cons:- Pastel, colored-pencil parrot art/ hibiscus room decor.- Shower curtain missing the plastic sheet.- Emphysemic octogenarians and barb-wire tattooed Nebraskans playing slots and smoking cheap cigars.- Stunning view of the inside of the parking garage from our window.- The "hot tip" we got from the concierge about the killer breakfast around the corner......at Denny's.- Scantily-clad waitresses looking like they spent their last $20 on their Greyhound ticket to Vegas.The verdict:I'm gonna need to be a lot drunker the next time I stay here.
4	wani, at the front desk, is the shit.  the outdated feel of this hotel really isn't.  but hey...we were looking for a steal on rooms and we got it.  upon arrival we were told we'd (all 5 rooms together) moved to the bungalows which were not attached to this hotel.  now...if you look back about a year ago in my reviews, i once stayed at circus circus and they stuck us in the bungalows.  we had to RUN to our room which was situated in what looked like a run down apartment building about 200 yards away from our hotel just to avoid the crazies begging for money.  i was NOT about to do that again. wani said she'd move our whole party inside the hotel to the standard rooms which were rennovated about 5 years ago.  try ten.  at least.  don't get me wrong...a room is just for sleeping.  welllll....it's mostly just for sleeping.  and showering.  and i could have done both in the standard room...with the floral wall paper and framed parrot pictures...but if you're looking for atmosphere...you won't find it in the standard rooms. the deluxe rooms were $20 more a night and since we only paid something like $52 for the most expensive night we weren't havin it.  my bf mentioned it was his 30th and we got a nice suite upgrade to a NEWLY rennovated room.  it was GORGEOUS.  it had two rooms.  we were HAPPY.we didn't get to check out the pool or jacuzzi cuz they're both closed during the winter months.  the casino paid my bf pretty well.  the drinks were pretty strong.  overall it was a good experience.  would i return?  not for any  more than $52 a night...and probably not without an upgrade. wink.
5	My fav casino to stay. Really inexpensive( get rewards card and stay free) Right in the middle of the strip. Every room has a walk out balcony,Card good for many casinos.
1	The Emperor's Buffet is really a joke. I had great company, but the service was horrible and the food was worse than the worst dining commons food at Cal...and that was bad.  The cashier was incredibly rude and the selection of food was severely lacking. The Imperial Palace is run down and the buffet is no different.  For the same price, you can get a better meal at Circus Circus.
2	If you stay at the IP, I have four words for you: Don't. Flush. The. Cockroach. Should you find yourself staying at the IP, and should you find a huge cockroach belly-up in your bathroom next to the toilet (see my photo), ignore any sort of gut instinct you might have that tells you to pick it up and toss it into the toilet (after photographing for posterity, natch). However, the more my friend and I thought about it throughout the day, the roach incident became more and more irritating and funny in its ghetto-y clicheness (the shower knobs fell off later, revealing ragged, gaping holes in the wall a la "Escape From Alcatraz"...but that's a whole other story), so we decided to go down to the front desk and see about at least comping one night for us. Or something. ANYthing. This is where it pays to leave the roach on the bathroom floor. The clerk at the front desk pretty much just thought we were bullshitting her. She wanted to know "where the roach was now," "had we called facilities to take care of it," blah blah blah...and then when we remarked that we had taken goofy photos of it after we checked in, she basically accused us of trying to con the hotel. Lady, if I'm going to try and con a free room in Las Vegas, I'm going to be across the strip at the Bellagio or down at the Wynn. I am not going to be at the IP making a fool out of myself trying to convince you that yes, there was actually a deceased, 6-legged welcoming committee hanging out in our shitter upstairs. So no free room. Ok. But then they further punished us by giving us passes to their grotty buffet (see my photo). So again, the moral of the story is: Don't. Flush The. Roach. However...I am giving the IP an extra star for the awesome blackjack arena near the elevators featuring singing celebrity impersonators who rotate between performing and dealing cards. They even had Joan Jett.Now THAT is Vegas, baby.
5	The blackjack tables weren't nice but "dolly parton" was the most amazing dealer in vegas... Apart from getting her "bust" moving, she recomended some of the best places to eat on the strip!Love her and will go back to the IP just for dealertainers like Mindy(?) aka Dolly!!!!
3	Whenever Im in Vegas this is the hotel of choice. I know. Classy.Not my choice but more like a group decision based on price and room availability.Its kinda depressing being at this hotel though. Not a lot of eye candy and too many old folks.If you are high up and you look down at the pool, you'll see a huge I P logo in the middle of the pool. hahaThere is a great open face prime rib sandwich deal at the restaurant thats on the 3rd or 4th floor. I think it was about $5 for a huge portion.
3	it is what it is. i've stayed here twice and while it's definitely not a 4-5 star hotel, my experiences have been alright. i never had a problem with the room. it is the cheapest spot on the strip that's centrally located to everything else that's cool. anything cheaper would put you at the north strip which is just a sad sad situation with circus circus and the strasosphere. i digress, the imperial palace is good for a group of people going on a budget just looking for a place to crash when not out partying. the casino is on the smaller side and at times appeared to be understaffed as far as people coming around taking drink orders. it's cheesy but i like the dealertainers..they're nice people. i think the first time i stayed there i ate at their buffet and it's pretty standard and a bit mediocre. we did the harrah's buffet, which i liked. the "nightclub" at the imperial palace is also nothing to write home about. it's tiny and we went on an off night so maybe my perception of it isn't that valid. the decor is stale and dated but i kinda like that vibe when in vegas...it adds to the experience. don't make reservations expecting a lot and you won't be disappointed.
2	1) Shit box room, right above this circus tent bar featuring nightmarishly loud music played from noon-3am.2) Cheap Black Jack Tables with impersonater dealers/entertainers. Weird but fun.3) Prime Location! Right in the smack dab middle of the strip in between Harrah's and Flamingo, across from my fav, Caesars Palace.4) Shitty bars, with horrible service5) Still had a good time!Good or Bad? You be the judge.
3	HORRIBLE service at the bars. The bartenders are all like 80 years old and slow as hell.The rooms are okay for the price. I like that some of them have balconies. Also the location of the hotel is perfect because its almost in the middle of the strip. Its nice that its close to two of the cheapest hotels/casinos on the strip too if you don't have a lot of money to gamble with. (Casino Royale and O' Sheas)Celebrity dealer impersonators are AWESOME. The Michael Jackson is great...all of the other ones are horrible, but make for good conversation at the bar or tables.The casino its self seems kind of small.The burger palace is SO OVER PRICED and not very good at all. (It was just 5am and if I didn't eat something I was probably going to die, had to make a sarcrafice)We never got hassled for having 11 people in one room...The staff I encoutered were all very pleasant and nice.I've stayed here now 3 or 4 times and its really not THAT bad! Give it a shot if you are just in Vegas to get obliterated and party all night. The rooms in Vegas should just be for sleeping anyways!
1	They get one star for the great location.  I was a little scared when I walked into our room and saw a mirror on the ceiling above our bed.  I could live with that until... I noticed that when I flushed the toilet the sink drain started making noise.  That was a wrap.
4	Ok, ya, a lot of negatives about this place, dirty, filthy, old . . . considered the ghetto of the strip!  But hey, I don't discriminate!  Especially when it's late and I'm down to my last $20!  Probably the only place on the strip where you can find a $5 table to make up for my loss and hopefully put me back rollin' at Paris!  I gotta say though that the celebrity impersonators are really cool and fun!!  Their costumes are awesome and it's cool when they get up on stage and do a song and dance.  Props to them for keeping it fun in an otherwise dreary place!
2	Awesome location & really cheap... aside from that... there's not really anything else that's that great about IP. It's a little dirty, the tables aren't very fun, the bars are pretty lame, and it's just not a place I want to be in for more than the few hours I'm asleep. That being said - it's a good place to just crash for the night if you are strapped for cash (like many people in Vegas) and it saves you crazy taxi fairs because you're so close to all the good hotels :)
1	We looked at a lot of reviews before we left, so we knew it was old and run-down before we got there. But it was cheap - $65 and $75 a night - and centrally located. So we decided we would just put up with it.The rooms looked like there were straight off the set of the Golden Girls, but like a crappier more ghetto version of the show.The hallway was dank. It was obvious they'd had a pretty major leak in the recent past. By "recent" I mean possibly a year ago. It just smelled like a basement, and feet.Our room had a beautiful view of the roof full of air conditioners below. Our friend was lucky enough to get a room across the hall, so it at least overlooked the pool.The bar staff pretty much sucked. If you were playing the slots the servers took foreeeeeeever to take your orders, and then another millenium to actually bring you your drink. I'm pretty sure I aged a couple of years while waiting.If you happened to have spent your money by the time she got back or you just wanted to move machines, tough luck, you're not getting your drink! And she will make you feel like a turd for asking for it.Tired of the slowpoke service, we headed to the bar. The bartender was also a condescending a-hole. The rail drinks tasted like dissolved pills mixed with rad fluid. I'm sure they whole crappy service / crappy drinks scenario is engineered so that you just buy your drinks. Didn't work. We just brought down drinks from our room.Oh, and I'm giving one star because a) I have to, and b) the "dealertainers" are creepily awesome.
1	nasty old run down, the outise of it to- time to blow it up and remodel
3	If you are a broke ass and looking for a cheap place to stay in Vegas, you've found the right spot!  Imperial Palace would never be confused with a 5-star hotel or even a hotel with class.  The whole atmosphere and even employee outfits are very cheesy.  I came here about 2 years ago with a bunch of friends...we ended up here only because we found ridiculously cheap room rates @ this location.  I believe they had an Elvis theme going on at the time, so all the dealers were dressed up like him.  It was funny because everything inside contradicted the "Asian" appearance on the exterior.  This hotel features adequate gambling tables and restaurants, though nothing to get excited about.  They also have a swimming pool and hot tub (which should be expected at a Las Vegas hotel).  The rooms are unimpressive.  Aside from that, I can not say I had a bad experience.  I had a great experience actually!  Based on my experience, the people you are with is more important than where you are staying at...most likely if you are on the Strip, you spend most of your time outside of the premises anyway.  As long as you search for some cheap room rates online, this place ain't so bad!Another thing Imperial Palace has going for itself is its location--it is conveniently located nearby the likes of Caesar's Palace, The Mirage, The Flamingo, T.I., et. al.
3	It's between 2 and 3 stars...I kind of started making jokes about this place. It was like, I am Asian and I go to Las Vegas to stay in the Asian hotel. The Imperial Palace or "Welcome to the IP" as I was greeted on my arrival. I, however cannot complain completely because my room was almost free and for Vegas, you should be grateful for that shizz. Prices here are very cheap and for the location, that is to be beat.Facilities are really a bit dingy. I walked in and it smelled like Marlboro Reds and Jasmine Tea... just the smell of my uncle's house. Our shower while had amazing water pressure, it almost was falling apart. Plumming was near backing up. The only best service I got was on arrival: when I was greeted by the door staff. Otherwise, towels took about 30 minutes, bartenders (especially at the Mai Tai bar) were as slow as a 401k maturing, and I was told while tanning at the pool that I couldn't have my obscenely large strawberry margarita I had from the Rockhouse (which was a stumble away).So you take your pick. For the price you pay and the location you are asking, you could have it worse. But if you see a deal in that predicament, then you are going to make the best that you got. And it's Vegas, if you plan on sleeping normally, then what the hell are you doing there, anyway?
4	you get what you pay for right?? i didn't feel like that was true here. denise and jacob had a real nice, large room with a love tub and a bar and they paid close to nothing. it was about $90 for a night. i was impressed. i had a chance to crash there for a while, in between dinner, going to margaritaville and making our way to the rockhouse. the room was neat and clean. the tub was spotless and the bathroom was huge. there was a separate living room area. the sofas were large and just soft enough. the bar was near the door and had a real nice size fridge. i wouldn't mind staying there the next time i am in vegas ------------------------------------------------------------03/2009$80 for a four night stay, over the weekend too!! (Friday-Tuesday)You can't beat that. Just the rates alone make you want to go to Vegas!!
1	This Hotel is ghetto! I'm here on a conference and we booked at the Imperial Palace because all the flamingos were booked or so. First thing first, when you check your bags, the bell hop practically begs you for a tip, he will not stop bothering you about how he "checked 23 bags" til you tip him and tip him right! The rooms yell cheap motel quality all over! Their TV looks like its straight up out of the 80s yes I am talking about the 1980s. Square and fat, with the words MAGNAVOX. The beds were like bam, uneven parts hard parts soft. and sheets that dont even get you warm. But that's all forgivable until the next day, when I went out, they changed the locks on the door, on all the doors in the hotel.without prior notice! I mean it would've been at least courtious of them to tell you they would be doing that  especially if you just checked in the day before! Instead of going all around just to get new keys, talk about lost time!
4	Okay.  Maybe it's the shittiest hotel on the strip.  But we wanted to save our money to give away downstairs so we stayed here.  Oddly, this place had the best hotel housekeeping service I've ever seen.  Plus our room had a balcony that looks onto the pool and with a quality zoom lens you can really get your perv on.  They know what they're doing.Downstairs we ate this cheap ($13) breakfast buffet which includes a full salad bar and omelet bar in case you're not into the sausage bacon thing.  Further downstairs please go to the Geisha bar where Hector the bartender will become personally acquainted with you within minutes and they kept the drinks coming for sure.  Plus they have Blue Moon on tap.  Just steps away lies the pearl of the IP - the Dealertainers.  Celebrity impersonator dealers at the cheapest tables in town.  It's more for people who would rather play than just lose money.  Same old thing, just takes longer.  It's easy to make friends at the table because you're all losing together.  And the dealers are totally entertaining and fun.Whiskey River is the convenience store where you can buy a bag of Doritos at midnight to soak up the booze and temporarily distract you from your sorrows.  Trust me; I know.So while it's not the classiest joint around, it gets the job done.  Go IP!!  Good thing is it's just a hop away from the nice hotels where you can convince one of the guests to actually let you use one of the nice pools that you aren't afraid of getting sick from.
3	You Get what you pay for. It's an older place so don't expect anything too fancy. All you need a Vegas room for is sleep right? Plus it's right on the strip, Sweet.  We got an upgrade for 20 bucks, the luv tub room. The tub was right in front of our bed, pretty funny. It was huge too, we did a couple of laps in it. Our room had a balcony and a mirror on the ceiling :)All in all it was okay.If you're going to Vegas to have fun and not be so uptight about your room then come here. It's fine, you won't get lost!
3	This place is definetly A-OK! The location was perfect given I had a convention only a 3 minute away, and for the price, come on, it was worth it. For the price, I was pleasantly surprised. I have stayed here twice now and with the money I saved on the room, which I was hardly in, I could splurge on other amenities of LV.
3	Price, location and convenience are great about this hotel, just avoid the rooms facing the strip because they are very loud, the bar below plays loud music all day and night until they call for the "last call" it feels like the music is inside your room, otherwise I have no complaints, actually the front desk guys asked me if I wanted a quiet room or a not so quiet one with a view of the strip but he didn't tell me it was that loud, no kidding!
3	Yes, the hotel sucks.  Just about everything with an exception to location and price, Imperial Palace ranks last (or very close to).But you know what?  This place is cheap.  And the location is excellent, right across the street from Bellagio/Caesars Palace.  For those visiting Las Vegas on a budget OR those who don't care about the room because you only sleep 2 hours a day, Imperial Palace deserves at least some consideration.  Especially for the latter crowd, why not save $ on hotel and splurge at fine restaurant or maybe a show?5 stars for price/location and 1 star for everything else.  My flawed math tells me 3 stars.
1	The only thing you'll get outta this is a cheap as fuck hotel room right in the middle of Vegas. That is it. And that's fine if that's what you're going for. Trust me, I don't mind bumming it at all. I'll sleep where ever. And this place is basically where ever. The first (and last) time I came here, I couldn't even find the damn room. They stuck us in the basement somewhere. We literally had to take an elevator one floor up, cross over, then take it two floors down to find our room. Definitely not a good thing to do when you're slammered. So if you wanna do Vegas on a penny-pinching budget, and have no qualms about where you sleep, by all means, cruise on into this depressing toilet.
1	Methinks NOT Is an understatement! Screw this casino big time! We reserved a non-smoking room and once again we got a smoking room and this one smelled worse then the Silverton's double yuck! The only good thing about this room is it was on the second floor and it was pool side, the down fall to that was they close the pool at 5pm everyday but this past saturday they had a luau they were having and it wasn't free so we couldn't just step out our door to enjoy the party going on that sucked!! People now'a days are so fuckin' RUDE and so not courteous for any person who has a kid in a stroller. I'd wait and wait for the elevator being the only person there and once it finally had come there were so many people waiting too that they would all bunch in way before I could even have a chance to get in myself this happened every time I had to leave our room with the stroller otherwise id take the stairs!! That's another thing people in this world are so fuckin' LAZY!! My god you have two perfectly good legs that work just take the stairs people come on now your not going to die from a little exercise!!! The only thing that was entertaining for me at this casino was this guy my husband and I met at the Mai Tai bar who was there for the Patton fight. He had flown all the way from England to see the fight and was there for a week just to have a great time and enjoy his experience. He was great we taught him about Cinco de Mayo being that he was leaving the day after that we laughed so much this guy was awesome and his accent was to die for I loved it!!! Oh and the dealers that come dressed to work as famous people, that was fun to stand there and laugh at them because half the time we were trying to figure out who was who...................I think they need to get a new Shaina Twain she so didn't resemble the real Shaina this one was old and ewwwww! I will never ever stay at this hotel again! It's funny because it's considered a brand of Harrah's and I think they better spruce the place up because it so wasn't the Harrah's experience they pro-tray their casinos to be!!
4	Nick says we're going to Vegas and he says we're staying in the Imperial Palace. Who am I to argue with a man with a plan that sounds fun to me? Then he also says people often make fun of him for this. Now, I'm curious. But, after our 3 days in Vegas I can imagine that Nick likes the IP for all the reasons I do and here they are.1. Nick has been gambling in Vegas for nearly a decade now and he always stays at the Imperial Palace. This means he has some sort of credit built up with them, which translates to free rooms for our entire stay. Are these the nicest rooms in Vegas? No. But, I'm not going to Vegas to be a high-roller in a fancy hotel. Most of the time I'm in the room I'm sleeping so it doesn't really matter to me what the decor looks like, as long as it's clean.2. Sure, cool, free rooms, whatever. BUT! These aren't just any rooms. They have what is called a "lovetub." Yes, lovetub. (Isn't that fun to say? Try it out loud.) This is a bathtub bigger than most Jacuzzis I've seen. I'm fairly certain it seats at least 10 people, 12 if you're friendly. And it's not in a bathroom. No, no, my friends it's a hop, skip and a jump from the bed right in the main room. Additionally, it is mirrored on 2 sides as well as the ceiling, one side is glass, and the remaining side is just open to the room, with a curtain if you choose to close it. It has three steps to get up to it for crying out loud and once in a mimosa fueled near-accident I almost fell over the side and broke something.3. Location, location, location. It is right in the middle of everywhere you're going to go.4. Dealertainers. If you haven't been to see these please for the love of all things holy go and do so. They are the card pit of celebrity look-a-likes. I saw Michael Jackson, Little Richard, Ricky Martin, Alice Cooper, Madonna, Marilyn Monroe, Fergie, Christina Aguilara, Freddie Mercury and so many more there. These are your dealers. But, as they rotate one of their stations is a stage, where they get up there and perform a song by the famous person. Sometimes, it's real and sometimes it's lip singing, but it is always entertaining. I'm fairly certain that I lost more money here than anywhere else because I never paid attention to my cards. (Imagine the dealer saying to me, are you sure you want to hit? That's a 21.)5. When I walked into the IP at 8 am on a Sunday morning, bleary-eyed and exhausted from the LimoVan party the night before the first thing my eyes saw was the "Champagne Pit." Here you play Black Jack and, yes, drink glasses upon glasses of the sweet, sweet bubbly. It was then that I knew Sir Nicholas and I (and the Imperial Palace) were a match made in heaven.
4	I like this place for every reason other people hate it. -It's kind of old. Perfect! I think Vegas is supposed to be old. And almost smokey. -It doesn't have fancy fine dining or crazy bars called Tryst. Good! I like my casino no frills and full of gamblers. Real gamblers. -The Dealertainers are kind of crappy. No DUH! It's supposed to be that way, it's funnier when they look almost nothing like the celebrity. -The place is lowbrow enough that my free room here deluxe (with giant jacuzzi , etc.), compared to boring and standard at another hotel (like Bally's for instance) -I'm right in the middle of the strip! This means nothing is too far to walk. And I can go to Ceaser's Palace in the middle of the night, drunk, and gamble to my heart's content. Then stumble home with ease. -Finally, they serve champagne to my Ladyhawke at 8 am. See her review for more info. So in summary, The IP is the quintessential old-school Vegas casino resort, and it's right in the middle of everything. If you want to play laser tag with your 9 year old, watch IMAX and take pictures, go to the Luxor. If you want to gamble and really enjoy it, stay with me at the IP.
2	If you want to be frustrated and have a shitty time In SIN City Go here and waste your hard earned money. But if you don't want to have a Shitty time go some were else. The people here all have there heads up their asses and are very inconsiderate. You cant find any one to help you out if you have a question about anything. The elevators take for ever and are packed tightly, So if you have a stroller or allot of luggage then good luck. Most of the skinny bitches look at you funny and shove their bonnie asses against you arm and is uncomfortable. The only positive thing that the tiki bar had a crazy group of people hanging out and drinking. Some American , some English , and a Castro look a like. most English people don't no about Cinco De Myao. So in honor of the english guy we met Cinco De Mayo, my name is Sanchez , Dirty Sanchez. Just for that experience I will give them a second star.
3	Alright, so their hotel rooms are a bit retro with the mirrors on the bed ceiling and over the oversized love tub, but their casino is lucky!  There's this one dealer who loves showing off her boobs.  I'd say she's about late 40's to 50's, but her goods are pretty nice.  She calls me out every time I put a tip into the video roulette tip jar saying, "that was a bribe, huh?"  I like it.  The elevators in that heap-hole could use a lift.  Especially since the garage elevators are always out-of-order.  Here's a hint for you hotel guests -- the 3 sets of elevators hidden behind the main set of elevators are your best bet!  Good luck!
5	I LOVED the Imperial Palace!   I have heard so many bad things about this place, I just had to see it for myself!   And for three nights no less.  How's that for a gamble?   Hey, when in Rome...  Wait; that's across the street.   And for a lot more money.It was delightfully kitchy, which to me is what Las Vegas is all about!   I like the older hotels because they have sliding glass doors and balconies to hang out on.  We even lived dangerously and tried out the buffet which did not disappoint.   It had a  "vintage" island themed avocado green decor made to look like we were sitting in a grass hut in Tahiti somewhere.  Awesome.  But the food was good!  The prime rib in particular, believe it or not.  And much like the hotel rooms... inexpensive!I also should add... I collect casino pens and wanted one from here.   They don't have pens.   Golf pencils, folks!   It is a welcome addition to my collection.It's not as nice as the Bellagio, yet it's a clean place to stay on the Strip.  The decor is just older, that's all.  But I like that stuff.   It's location can't be beat and I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  It's sorta my new fave place to stay in Sin City.    Long live the IP!  :)
3	The Imperial Palace or IP for short was the very first place I stayed in when I came to Vegas like 4 years ago. It was cheap enough to lodge 4 gals - two in school and two working. It's not the cleanest hotel and it basically has the slowest elevators known to man. But it's cheap. Forward 4 years later and we stayed one night here in preparation for the weekend festitvities. For $34/night, you don't get much. Some of the electrical plugs don't work, the TV has like 3 channels and the rooms are not the cleanest thing. But you can't beat a cheap deal when it's only $34. One good thing about the IP - the pool is hoppin' with some young and many old. And note to some women - don't think you can get away with wearing that tiny bikini when I see some rolls coming out? Gross!Cheers!
4	I loved it here. My friends and I stayed at the Imperial Palace for 4 nights earlier this month. We arrived at the hotel around 9pm so as expected there was a 45 min wait to check in. No big deal. When it was finally our turn the concierge who checked us in was very nice. She was able to accommodate our request to have our rooms right next door to each other. The only thing that caught me off guard was the $40 per room per night hold they said they had to put on a credit card for security purposes. I didn't really appreciate not being informed about this sooner. Since I was the only one of us traveling that had brought credit cards I ended up having to put these $300+ holds on to one of mine. Still ok, but seriously if I hadn't brought my credit cards I don't know what we would have done.Onto the rooms, very basic. Clean,  2 double beds, not great lighting, like 4 tv channels... but still exactly what I expected from reading the reviews. I knew we weren't staying at the nicest place in Vegas. But since we were rarely in our room it didn't matter to me at all. My biggest complaint about the room was NO CLOCK RADIO! Doesn't everyone like to listen to music while getting ready?? My roomie and I solved this by singing the entire time. While our rendition of  Don't Stop Believing was quite amazing  a radio/I pod dock would have been greatly appreciated.As for the casino/rest of the hotel... yup, its old but I still thought it was awesome. Sure it's a little smoky but I didn't mind. The Dealertainers were great. Freddie Mercury was by far the most talented of the bunch! He was amazing! We all thought though that Elvis looked more appropriate for a Johnny Cash and seriously Mariah girl...dye your roots.Yes, there are long waits for the elevator. But if you walk around some you can probably find more elevators like we did.  DO NOT TAKE THE STAIRCASE DOWN. Or at least make sure your on the correct one with access to the lobby. I couldn't find the correct one and the staircase I tried to use was locked on almost every floor. I ended up having to go up past my floor # just to get out of  it.Oh another word of advice...beers in the little store in the hotel are $4 for 12oz!!! Hell no im not paying that! If you walk out of the back of the hotel, through the parking deck and to the right a bit you will hit a  little shopping center with a casino/store and Battistas in it. Booze is way cheaper at that store!!! Tall boys were $1.50. Hell yes! All in all I would stay here again in a heartbeat. I loved the location, the cheesiness of the casino., and the overall kitschy vibe. Plus, there was a karaoke bar in the hotel only a short walk from our room. So for me and my friends this place was perfect. We had an amazing trip.
2	This place is kind of disgusting. The furniture is dirty, nasty, and looks like it hasn't been replaced in 25 years. When you take a shower water came up to my ankles and there was crud in it. Grossss. The upside of this hotel is not the rooms, but the casino itself. Yes it is older and kind of ghetto, but the dealertainers were very entertaining, we even ran into "Michael Jackson" in the elevator and had a little chat with him. I wouldn't ever stay in a room here again, but its not a bad place to check out and play some poker with the dealertainers.
1	This place is dusgusting with a capital GAG! So my bf had been bugging me for weeks to go to vegas with him & his friends. I had been super busy with work so i gave him permission to go w/ the friends haha jk.  It so happens that early that friday i finished my long due project, he found out so i was forced to accompany.  Since it was last minute the place his friends were staying at was booked for the night, except for IP. We walk into  the 70's porn looking set  and are greeted by a cockroach, how nice. There's mirrors on the ceiling hehe. I slept in my clothes, with my shoes on and a beanie. there was NOWAY i waa gonna go nude and under the blanket yuck. The shower/jacuzzi was dirty and had mold. I'm going to stop now bc im loosing my appetite.
1	IP is pretty much one of the worst places you can stay on the strip which is unfortunate because its right in the center of the strip. They buffet is pretty gross and will most likely make you sick. The rooms are definitely get what you pay for, you will have a cheap room and if that's all you need is a place to crash you will do fine here. Id just rather pay a few bucks more and stay at the harrahs which is a little bit more expensive and way nicer. The poker room has some shady guys working there, I have seen multiple winning hands mucked that cost someone over 50 dollars due to a dealer mistake. Even when the mistake was admitted and a request was asked to check the cameras they don't use them for that. Pretty ridiculous.You can stay and gamble here if you want a sub par vegas trip but I wont be back and I look forward to the day this hotel is demolished.
1	Heres the low down...Pros: - CHEAP- In the middle of the strip (everything is close by)- Decent casino...Won a few dollars from them...Good priced Tables!!!Cons:-DISGUSTING BUFFET (I dont even know why I even bothered to eat here)- Rooms are extremely small and old. Feels like a motel- Our room was in the basement and our view was a wall of the parking structure and everyone could see inside our room- Not a clean hotel, oldConclusion: YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR! DO NOT STAY HERE! EVEN IF THEY ARE THE CHEAPEST ON THE STRIP! IT EXPLAINS EVERYTHING!
1	Ok, so everyone knows that the IP is gross. However, it's cheap and in a great location. I much prefer Bally's, which is a little more expensive, but much cleaner. If you are really on a budget, though, and don't care about your room, then stay at IP.My in-laws stayed there recently, and the shower drain was plugged. The water never really went down in the tub during their stay, and they were pretty horrified abou that.A few weeks ago, a friend of mine told me that she was pissed because she and her husband could not get a room at IP (?? i smell a lie) and that they would have to stay at the Luxor. I laughed out loud because I thought that she was being sarcastic (obviously) and that was a funny joke. Turns out she was serious. I think her hubbie just wanted a cleaner room.Anyway, if you want a decent room at a reasonable price in the middle of the strip, then try Bally's. I have stayed at 5 or 6 different hotels in Vegas, and Bally's is def the best bang for your buck.
2	The rooms here are pretty crappy. I would probably have given it 1 star if it weren't in such a central part of the LV strip, gotten the room for free and have actually stayed in the room for more than 5 hours in the first three days here. LOL! I didn't stick around in this Casino, that's for sure. There was only 2 elevators in operation out of 8 that they had going up to my room. LOL! I guess Harrah's is only really concentrating on the Rio and Caesar's Palace as far upkeep on their casinos.I had rooms here from Thursday until Sunday but was rarely here and only stayed in the room 2 nights at 2 hours each night. I did play some poker here for an hour or so though and did manage to win some money here. It was a small poker room and was pretty hideous looking as well. If a cheap room with a good spot on the strip is what you are looking for then I guess Imperial is the place for you.
3	ah the ip, the poor misunderstood stepchild which gets such a bad rap.  it personally holds a special place in my heart as it was my preferred hotel during my younger partying vegas days.i think the key with the ip is to know what to expect, which i suppose is the heart of most of the negative reviews.  the hotel really is for those on the cheap who are looking to party.  the hotel is smack dap in the middle of the strip and room prices are almost always affordable.  do not ever chose the capri rooms though.  you should never have to stay in a motel like establishment in the confines of the strip, made that mistake once.but the casino is dirtier and dingier but does have a fun vibe.  the cocktail waitresses are attractive and very, very fast as there are many bars in close proximity to the tables.  don't eat at the buffet (or really any of their restaurants) and your stomach will thank you.  the standard deluxe room is pretty motel 6 looking compared to most of the hotels on the strip, but most rooms do have a balcony which is virtually unheard of anywhere else.in all, an inexpensive place to shower and lay your head during the brief periods when you're not partying or gambling.
1	The shower drain was clogged....The rooms aren't that great, but if you're a poor college student or poor postgrad...then it's not that bad.  Great location.
1	Nastiest Hotel I've ever been to in Vegas. First room was dirty, the water smelled like shit, and there was a used condom under the bed. Second room had a broken AC and blood splatters on the side of the bathtub, and the 3rd room had no vent in the bathroom. NEVER AGAIN!!!!
1	Horrible check-in and check-out experience.  The lines stretched practically out the front door.  There were many empty check-in stations at the counter; management deliberately does not hire enough staff and makes their patrons wait.
2	Okay... there is this once phrase that kind of describes my stay at IP.... "you get what you pay for" haha. Anyways we stayed there a few weekends ago, I got this really good deal on lasvegas.com, but honestly I had never stayed there before. But the room was very functional, there were issues with the shower drain not going down all the way, the elevators sucked ass because they were slow and there was not enough. And basically... well the only reasons they got two stars is because the front desk decided to upgrade my room for free because I had a sour face about staying in the old building hahah
2	Considering I didn't have to pay for this room (my friend's mom did), it was cool. But... definitely not one of the nicest hotels in Vegas. Walking into the Casino, it kind of smelled like fish or seafood, which is weird considering there's no seafood restaurant of any kind in the casino. There are some rooms that are not actually in the hotel, but you have to walk on an outdoor walkway to get to, and those would totally suck to be in, considering the heat you have to go thru to walk to your room. Luckily our room was in the hotel, but you still had to ride a special elevator to get to it, because some hotels went on floors 1-7 and the other elevators only went on floors 8 and above, so it was quite frustrating in that sense.The room itself was also pretty crappy. There was no mini fridge, and there was minimal art on the wall, which led to a pretty dismal feeling upon entering the room. The beds were pretty comfortable though, although I would have like to have more pillows, rather than two tiny pillows that squished flat when you lay on them (and no, I'm not fat). Something that I did like about the hotel were the card dealers and the free shows on the casino. They were all very nice, and it was the only place I actually won some money on the black jack tables in Vegas!IP also prides itself on the classic automobile show. They don't advertise that they cost money though, so my group was pretty disappointed when we went up and found out it costs admission to get in.
4	Here's the rundown on the Imperial Place.....if the following applies to you, DO NOT STAY HERE-you require a bellboy to bring your bags to your room (although i believe they do provide this service if necessary)-you require a mint on your pillow every morning with your towels shaped like animals-you can't stand the idea of housekeeping using  the same bed linens that YOU slept in to make up your bed throughout your stay (they do this in their effort to be more green, but if you want new sheets, just request them)-you have really high standards, probably never went to a public school and socialize with people only like yourself-you spend a great deal of time in your room, admiring the decor, wall art, brand of iron, etc.if the following applies to you, you SHOULD consider staying at Imperial Palace-a hotel that is in the heart of the strip, across the street from the premiere hotels such as Bellagio, Mirage, Cesars Palace-very impressive "dealertainers" in the casino. They had a really good Michael Jackson, Charo, Billy Idol, etc-monorail station in the hotel to travel up and down the strip if you don't feel like walking all day-very good rates-cold a/c...kept it cranking all day long, so when we got back in the room, it would feel cool.-hot water in the showerI read through about 100 reviews before I made my trip and got a little nervous b/c people were just trashing this place, but i've learned that you just have to check out things for yourself b/c people standards are very different. I don't have really high standards. I just required the basics....a place to rest my head and shower. In 4 days in Las Vegas, I probably spent a total of 12 hours in the room. I don't understand what's wrong with some people. You go to Vegas to be on the strip, not in your rooms. Is the hotel dated? Yes. Is the hotel old, to Las Vegas standards? Yes...it was built in 1979, so the decor is gonna be kinda funky looking, but that's the beauty of Las Vegas. If you pay Bellagio/Cesars Palace money for a room, then you should expect that kind of treatment. I don't need a Fendi, Louis Vutton, Prada stores downstairs. I could go to my nearest mall for that. These are the two things that took away a star.-a half star b/c when me and my girlfriend were checking in on a Thursday night around 10:30pm, we waited for about an hour before we finally got checked in. The recession was definitely being felt across the board b/c they had only 3 people checking people in. Normally, this wouldn't be such a big deal b/c I work in a business where my patience is always being tested, but we had just got in town from a 4 1/2 hour fiight from Charlotte, so I was just more tired than anything.-a half star for the elevators in the hotel.....there were definitely not enough elevators for the capacity of people staying at the hotel. One of the elevators was broke the whole weekend. It wasn't really too bad though for me b/c we stayed on the 16th floor, so I would always get on the elevator empty (there's 18 floors) heading down. The elevators stopped on just about every floor, especially the 2nd floor. I was even a little blunt with some people that were in physical great shape that either got on the elevator on the 2nd floor to go down one flight or a person getting on the elevator just to go to the 2nd floor. There was just no excuse for that. I even walked down the stairs sometimes from the 16th floor. I did discover two additional elevators tucked behind the four that was up front. I thought they were freight elevators at first, but realized they were for passengers, so that helped somewhat b/c I don't think a lot of people knew about them.Also if you're looking for a show to check out while you're in Vegas, I would suggest checking out Australia's Human Nature. It's a group from Australia that pays hommage to the Motown greats (Marvin Gaye, Stevie Wonder, Commodores, Smokey Robinson, Temptations, Jackson 5, etc). They did a really good job covering the songs and would make those artists very happy. The show is at the IP.So.....if you're wanting to visit Vegas and don't wanna pour all your money into a room and perhaps spend it on drinks, gambling, etc, consider staying at the IP. I know I'll definitely be staying here again.
4	This place is awesome, and you know it! Ok fine, I know the issues. It's by far not a sexy place to stay. Kinda run down, kinda early 1980s feel going on. But listen you get what you pay for, and I paid very little (which makes me happy). The benefits totally outweigh the negatives here. IP is very inexpensive even for nigh last minute reservations. It's also got a great location on the strip. It's right in the middle of all the action. Mirage and Caesar's Palace across the street, The Venetian and Treasure Island a stone's throw away, and The Wynn and Encore on the next block. That's a serious money saver on cab fare or renting a car. The rooms aren't THAT bad. Ok, so the first room I got here had a pretty bad unwashed fat-guy smell going on. But whatevs, that comes with the territory of trying to get a deal. You'll have some occasional setbacks. I just went down, got another room, and presto, fat-guy stench no more. The room was decently cleaned and pretty spacious too. Also, the water pressure from the shower was strong, so thumbs up.One thing though, if you're bothered by loud music that could be a problem. We had an amazing strip view room, but it overlooked this live band that pretty much played until 4am. So, it's a trade off. But overall, I'd definitely come back if I couldn't afford anything better.
4	I dig the Ip!!! I've been comin' here since I was a wee lad and they have never done me wrong. Sure it's not as flashy or new as the other hotels on the strip but damnnit it's right next door. The people treat you well, the roulette table didn't let me down and I didn't get ripped off on the room rate! So much Passion for this place....I just got back today and I have memories man. Roller con weekend with a bunch of crazy girls...drunkenness....500 bucks won on an amazing heater at the roulette table...It's all there you just gotta look on the bright side of things and the Ip is shinin'!!!Thanks Ms. Martin!!!
1	Lodgings:  Stayed in a standard room for 2 nights.  Reminded me of  a Motel 6, except dirtier.  TV is way small, and you need to leave the air conditioning on a good half day before the room becomes bearable. Could've been worse, I guess.  At least I wasn't staying in the rooms inside the parking garage.  Oh yeah, and all the hallways smell like weed once you get off the elevator. Service: Soooooo slow.  Took a while to check in at the Diamond desk (can't imagine how long people in the other line were waiting).  Friends had to wait 30 minutes just for housekeeping to bring up a set of pillows.  This place is either way understaffed, the workers just don't give a damn, or a combination of both. Casino:  It's small, but IP is located right in the middle of the strip.  When you're a crosswalk away from Flamingos, Harrahs, Mirage, and other properties, there's no reason to gamble here... unless you like nostalgia maybe?  It's just weird watching Michael Jackson pitch cards to you. Pool:  The water was salty and the pool was small.  Gross.  They had some volleyball going and a DJ, which were welcome distractions.Conclusion:  Stay here if you don't want to spend a lot of money on a room and want a central location on the strip.  But, know that you get what you pay for.  Other than being a place to rest your head and store your luggage, there isn't much going for 1P.
2	Disclaimer: This review is only for the casino. Hate. Hate. Hate. The craps tables here. I was excited to finally have the chance to play here because I am by no means an expert at craps so the smaller the min bet the better. Well, the ladies who worked our table were total snots. They treated me and my friend like we were idiots and had no idea what we were doing. Just because I'm not an expert doesnt mean I dont know how to hold my own. I lost a lot of money at the table and I blame them and the stupid people who were playing at our table. It's rude to throw down a chip when I'm in the middle of a roll and then your chip hits my die and look, I rolled a 7. Thanks jerk. And if the stickman or shall I say stickwomen chucked the dice at me one more time I was going to scream. Just take your stick and push it to me. I'm glad I left when I did and went back to NYNY and won all my money back and then some.I will give credit to the Dealertainers though. They were funny and pretty amusing. It's too bad I don't play poker or blackjack otherwise my experience may have been a little bit better having them as my dealer.
3	SBC VEGAS SERIES: 16 of many reviewsSo I figure that if Rockhouse was good.. then IP must be better...Ok, maybe better was too strong a word. But it was definitely something interesting after stumbling through Rockhouse. Again not quite the best place on the strip... yeah, on the STRIP. Go figure. Yes, I don't think I would stay here with the tackier than normal tacky Vegas kitsch that can be found everywhere else. But they do have some interesting table side performances that apparently the typical IP clientele enjoy every enthusiastically. Ok, truth be told I had come here for a couple of drinks.. couple of very stuff drinks and a lot of people watching. And by people I mean to say the waitresses. And by waitresses I mean to say waitresses that do porn on the side. And by porn on the side, I mean that they probably could be very successful at doing porn on the side. I only wish that they would serve me while I sat at the bar instead of at the tables. What can I say.. I got my eye on the prize. ;D
2	Went to the Luau here which was over $100 for two people. We got the deluxe package but I didn't have a deluxe experience. It was OK but I can think of better ways to spend $100+. Much older crowd here and the place is saturated with cigarette smoke. The hotel itself is decent, better than Tropicana and The Last Frontier. Parking garage has a frustrating set up and I felt like I was trapped in the Twilight Zone trying to exit. The designer should be flogged in public. Every time I've gone to the car museum it's closed.
1	one of the worst places to ever stay in vegas.  they have shitty old rooms and when you check in, the line is like a line for a ride at disneyland. they are very inefficient there. you will end up waiting over an hour for them to tell you that they do not have enough rooms and you will have to wait even longer for a room to become free. people were sleeping on the floor while in line.  the money you would save by staying here is not worth wasting your time. you're better off to pay a little more to stay in a better place and save yourself all the hassle and stress this place will give you
2	Holy Ghetto-ness!First off there is nothing Imperial or effin Palace like about this hotel/casino at all! How dare the owners to call it such a name! I mean the balls they had to do so. It is rundown and there is absolutely nothing special about this hotel at all. When I stayed here they were doing construction. We had to walk through the damn construction and we can hear the construction workers from our room and all the work. For real? Dont you shut down the side of the hotel where construction is taken place out of courtesy for your paying guests?! I called front desk to complain and asked if we can be moved to another side of the hotel and I was told there is no other side and was hung up on!!!!  Went downstairs to the front desk to speak to the manager and I was given food coupons...lol. hmmmmkThe room is a basic room. Beds, tv, bathroom. No ambience at all. Pro:Cheapest hotel you can find smack in the middle of the strip!!I doubt you can beat the deals you will find at the IP. You get what you pay for.Never ever ever again!
1	wow what a trash dump....my friend had a black light with him and i dont even want to tell you what we found with it.  the room looked like someone was running a meth lab out of it..  there was blood on the sheats.. bathroom was horrible..smelled like pot and poop.. you get what you pay for with ip
4	Not bad for the price. Centrally located in the strip. A long walk to the parking lot to the rooms.
3	Yes, it old.....but you're in your hotel room in Vegas just to sleep and shower and for the price of a room at the IP, it serves the purpose just fine.  The shower and beds rock.  I had no problem with the room itself.  We stayed in the furthest back building you could possibly get, so it was a journey from our room to the strip and pretty much anywhere else in the hotel, except for the parking garage.  Overall, it serves the purpose and you save money so you can spend your money on the better things in life -- i.e. food & booze!
2	I've stayed here twice now, and it's definitely an experience for the books.  I mean....you get what you pay for.  Our rooms were basically free, so there's really no room to complain.  But really, there should be some standards.The elevators definitely SUCK geisha balls.  Seriously.  You wait for hours for an elevator, and when the elevator finally gets to you, 9 times out of 10, it's full.The casino is really tiny, and there were no open slots that even looked worth playing.The hotel hosted a "pool party" on Saturday, and it's definitely a college pool party.  There were NO families to be seen....except for mine.  LOL.  Complete with beer pong, a DJ, and some really bad contests such as arm wrestling...this is a college student's spring break dream.Except this was August.The only thing missing was the wet t-shirt contest.Trashy trashy trashy.Go for it geishas!Now, the only plus, is it's location.  It makes everything on the strip semi-walkable.
1	I would have given this place 2 stars... but just readon.I wasn't concerned that my room smelt like smoke even though it was non smoking or that all the creepers were also staying there, but what I was concerned about was this.The second and last night I was there, we ordered room service after getting back from the bars. This was a little after 3 a.m. Myself and a friend I was this ordered some omelets, and we were told that it would take 45 minutes max.. I mean.. how long does it take to make and deliver an omelet? An hour goes by so we call and see where the food is at and they said 5 minutes "we are busy". Ok cool. 45 more minutes go by and.... no food.  We call again. I should be on its way. Well the food finally shows up at 5:30 am. The food is cold, omelets looks inedible, and the server doesn't have change for $100. We call room service and tell them this and how we waited for 2.5 hours and that if we knew we would have to wait this long... we would have went and got it ourselves.  They told us to pay 50% of the bill.  The guy comes back at 6:30am with the change as we were struggling to stay awake.All in all, you get what you pay for and I'll never stay at the Imperial Palace.  Save yourselves the trouble if you stay there and DONT ORDER ROOM SERVICE.I guess the one pro is that it has a good location on the strip.Oh and this is not a place for children.
3	Ok, this place looks like nothing has been done here since the 80's, and it is a dump, BUT it is practically free to stay there!  Also it is in a very good location.    I have no idea what they are trying to accomplish with their theming.But as other users have said, who cares!  If you are young, and you like to party, you are not going to be in your hotel room more than 3 hrs a night anyhow.  and paying $25 a night is awesome.  The casino is not bad, the place is pretty clean, and like I said it is cheap and right in the middle of it all.  You can walk across the street to ceasars palace, walk 2 doors down for $1 drinks at casino royale, you name it.  I would not recommend this place for families or anyone looking for a resort like stay.  I would not recommend vegas at all for families despite their efforts to make it a family destination!  It gets ROWDY on the weekend with people from cali etc partying.  This place is unapologetically cheap and dated.  So why criticize it on something it is not supposed to be.  If you want to stay at the bellagio, you will pay 8x more the price.
1	***Imperial Palace has a good location and it is not that expensive, but it is rundown, a little dirty and kind of depressing***Sahara is the worst hotel I've stayed at on the Las Vegas Strip.  It is pretty rundown, and even worse, it is so far away from everywhere else so you forced to take the Monorail to get to the main action.At least, the Imperial Palace is conveniently located near Caesar's, Bellagio, and many of the other popular Las Vegas hotels.  The entrance is a little odd.  Even though the hotel is located right on the strip, you have to walk through an "alley-like area" entrance to get to the hotel.  The front of the hotel feels more like the back.For me, hotels on short trips are all about room temperature, comfortable beds, clean linens, and good showers/bathrooms.  The room temperature was fine, and the bed was comfortable.  It definitely wasn't the cleanest room I've been in; also, it was a little run-down.  While the shower was good, the tub floor was pretty cracked and was definitely due for a replacement (but I'm not sure if management truly cares based on customer service at the front desk).As we were leaving for the night, we got in the elevator.  It took forever to get one.  We were on the 16th floor.  There were several of us getting into the elevator on 16th so the elevator was pretty jam packed.  I'm not sure if anyone wanted to wait for the next one.  And because the other elevators were so slow (Who knows?  Maybe they weren't even operational), we stopped at each floor.  Several guests just laughed and said they would catch the next one.  But since we were in Las Vegas, several guests also said "screw it," hopped in, and made it even more uncomfortable.The elevator represented a pretty decent cross-section of America (many age groups, hometowns, ethnicities), and there was quite a sense of camaderie and even laughter over the "misery" of the heat, sweat, and claustrophobia.  Definitely a Las Vegas moment.
5	Thanks IP I love you!! Was supposed to go to Tokyo(been psyching up for weeks, not a good flyer). Checked the flight an hour before we left for LAX. Everything fine. Got there, flight canceled. By the time we got to the counter, all flights to Narita from United canceled for two days(Typhoon). Our window of opportunity shut at that point. So cuz of almost full refund from AMX, what do we do..... VEGAS OF COURSE!!!!!!!!!Four days at the IP 15$.(at the last minute)left the next day. Jet Blue, Long Beach, couldn't ask for more. Get your Rewards card!!!!Who stays in their room that long anyway. Oh ya and your sober, right.....You can catch so many free shuttles right next door at the Harrahs all over town. YES, The Palms and Rio too.
4	Some call it ghetto. I call it a great, centrally located hotel that always has affordable rates.If you stay here you needn't worry about taking taxis everywhere unless you're too drunk to walk. I didn't check out their illusive kareoke because I had better partying to do.I saw an asian J.Lo and other incredibly off-looking "celebrity look-a-likes." I guess when they hire their "look-a-likes" they go off of very vague similarities. Who am I to complain though? It was entertaining to say the least.If you are cheap like myself and looking for a decently priced hotel centrally located, I.P. is the place for you!!! ...boo to all the haters! HA HA HA!
2	Won't be coming back here anytime soon. 1) craps dealers were so rude and treated me like I didn't know a thing...not a fan of that. Sure, I'm not the best craps player but I do know how to earn a few bucks and have fun with the game. 2) it took FOREVER for any waitress to come by and offer anything. 3) the worst "dirty" players ever are here. I did give one more start for the impersonator dealers. Some were spot on and I found the routines funny,.
5	Most hotels in Vegas do not have windows that open, let alone balconies, due to the very likely possibility that one might splatter themselves all over Las Vegas Blvd after throwing their life savings down the craps table. No respectable hotel owner wants to squeegee innards off their sliding glass doors. It's just not classy. Does the elusive Imperial Palace abide by these depressing superstitions? HAYL NAW, GOOD SIR. (Exhibit A: My lady friend and I gettin' our dance on outside our room last summer.) This fact, coupled with the INSANELY low room rate considering its location on the strip, is a formula that gives this place an A in my book. ALSO, one time I saw this manatee-sized woman sit on, and then SHATTER, a table at the prestigious "Rock House" bar downstairs. (Exhibit B: The man friend gettin' HIS dance on with Frau Michelin two Summers ago) If my annual Imperial Palace photos don't explain well enough, let me clarify: I LOVE this hotel for being hilariously awesome in every way. Stay here for the laughs, if anything. Or else, stay here cause it's cheap as hell and centrally located. Also it's the greenest hotel on the strip cause they won't EVER CLEAN YOUR ROOM. My past precedes me: I love a good old fashioned seedy Vegas hotel. The. End.
2	Oh, good ole IP... .How I do not miss you one bit since we last departed a lil over a year ago.  Let me stress that the only reason why I wanted to review this place is because I think a lot of people share my same thoughts on this hotel, which is a cheap stay at a great LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION! My fiance, at the time, and I decided to stay here given the location and the ridiculously low rate we received at about $35/night for a Tuesday - Saturday stay!  We decided we could try and suck it up for 4 nights in order to spend more money on the tables.  Also, the location of IP is very very ideal...as it is basically located at the heart of the strip making it accessible to pretty much everything.  I think after first walking in and seeing the cheesy-themed casino, and shortly after seeing our room I knew we were in for the life of luxury, hahaha.  I can say after our stay at IP I will always fork out more money now to stay at other great location casinos, such as the Bellagio.  At the time of our stay, I absolutely dreaded coming back even for just a cat nap to our room.  The room was so rundown, maid service was a hit or miss, and the towels made me feel like I just couldn't keep clean!  I can laugh about it now fortunately.You may wonder why 2 stars....well if you are looking for a cheap stay(one star) and literally just a place to sleep at a great location on the strip (the other star) then IP might not be such a bad stay.
3	As others have said, this is a cheap stay and that's what you should expect. The benefit is the location - right smack in the middle of the strip. Even the penthouse didn't impress me here. I have seen better. One really fun thing is the dealer-impersonators. That was a treat, until I noticed that they just repeat the same performers a couple times per night. Still cool, though.
5	I can't find one thing wrong with this hotel.  My 3rd stay here.  $30 a night, our room and bathroom were spotless, we had a balcony on the 4th floor, quiet room, great maid service, great towels, large room.  I had great elevator service, I think it helps to stay on a lower floor, sometimes we just walked down the stairs, $5 card tables, shows, day and night, dealer tainers.  Nice pool, barbecue and drinks.  Did I mention $30 a night?  Our deluxe room looked just like the pictures in their website.  The only fault I could find was the TV was probably a 19".  Great free coupon book with check in, half price buffets at harrah properties and free eiffel tower ride.
2	I hate it here, smell, feel, parking, rooms, casino it all sucks ass, so bad.Two stars because it is, after all, in a great location on the Strip.
4	Great Place for the Price!I was scared to stay here after i read all the reviews on it ... but once i got there i was surpised at how great it was!I've been to vegas numerous times and have stayed at TI , Mirage, New York New York, Luxor, Flamingo and this time we stayed at Imperial. We were looking for a cheap cheap cheap hotel so we would be able to rent a car! Imperial Palace was great! Great view of the strip with a balcony! Music from the bar played to 3 in the morn which is extactly what you want when your in vegas! i felt like I was at the party even when i wasnt! Service was great, everyone was super nice! The actual casino was really really smoky but what do you expect! This hotel is great if you dont plan to hang out in it alot! I would totally stay there again!
3	Its a good place to stay if you're cash strapped and need to be on the strip. The personnel is nice, the room was basic but clean and they actually have windows that open. The location is key - right next to O'Shea's where the locals like to hang and not to far from Margaritaville.Nothing to impress a girlfriend - but a solid place to hang if you are there to party.
3	Dealertainers are the best reason to stop into this casino, in my opinion.  I have seen Michael Jackson, Cher, and a number of other celebrity impersonators dealing cards to the general public.  Classic!  One star for dealertainers!However, I am not sure I would want to stay here.  This property is pretty old and run-down, from what I can see.  I have also heard that the rooms are not very desirable from a friend who got stuck here during a conference.  The one plus is that the location is very central on the Strip.The car exhibit is interesting, but don't pay for it.  There are free coupons in every taxi in the city, as well as other places.I once saw a pimp fighting with his lady at the bar.  That was entertaining for a minute, but quickly turned to disturbing and uncomfortable.  I left shortly after security came.  I got the feeling this was an everyday occurence the way the bartenders were acting.
2	Ugh! I used to stay here about 4-5 years ago before it was acquired by Harrahs. It was an okay place back then. I've got about a 2,000 word rant I could go into, but I won't be staying here ever again, so I don't want to waste the time for a detailed disaster report. I paid a bargain rate of $25 for a one night stay and I even at that cheap price, I didn't get my money's worth...
2	The cheapest reliably safe and sane place to stay on the strip. If you just want somewhere to leave your bags and take a shower, fine. If you're getting the room comp'ed through your Total Rewards account, fine.But seriously, just use betterbidding.com to get a room at PH for 20 bucks more.
1	If anything I've ever reviewed deserved a 0-star it would be Imperial Palace. One of the oldest hotels on the strip. Our room was straight out of Miami Vice circa 1980s with white bamboo furniture and laminated dressers. Our experience was so horrific we checked out 1 hr after checking in! When we needed to go downstairs, the extremely slow elevators (which for some reason are back to back and not front to front making the openings on two separate hallways) were packed each time a car reached our floor. After 20 minutes (I'm not joking) a security guard patrolling the floors had to take the 15 of us waiting for an open car down via the service elevator!DO NOT STAY HERE!!! They should demolish this hotel!!!
1	If I could give zero stars I would. I'll start from the beginning...We opted to self-park and save a couple bucks, first mistake. The parking garage is about a mile from the actual front desk, through the casino, past all the rude people who don't notice or don't care that you're wheeling luggage behind you. Once in line we waited 30 minutes before checking in. We paid $15 extra for each day we stayed, to upgrade from a non-refurbished room to a "newly" refurbished room. I also requested a balcony. The lady at the desk was pleasant enough, though I had to repeat everything I said because of the language barrier. We were given our room key and told to go the 12th floor. The elevators took FOREVER to come and when they did people cut in front of us and crammed in before we could get our luggage situated. After 3 tries we finally made it on, and up to the 12th floor. Once there I realized that our room was NOT on the 12th floor, but on the 2nd. Again, the language barrier? I'm not sure. Once we found our room we were accosted by the stench of stale cigarette smoke. I expect it a bit, being in Vegas, but this was ridiculous. There were stains on the carpet, and somehow on the back of the door. I immediately went to open the sliding glass door that led to the balcony and was surprised to find myself staring out at a concrete slab that was actually the pool deck. It's November so the pool is closed, but our "balcony" wasn't even private, or secure. It was literally the concrete that surrounds the pool area, to the left was a pile of trash and discarded chairs and god-knows-what, and down below were the trash bins (which was lovely from 10pm to midnight when the trash trucks bang around for hours!!). Also, the bed was incredibly uncomfortable, and squeaky. The TV was one of those old school tube TV's, maybe 19inches. Basic cable, and a Nintendo 64 (for rent). Movies were $15 and most of their "Still In Theatre" selection was actually on DVD already. They charge $11 per day for internet access. We were going to order room service, but the wait was an hour and 45 minutes. So we went to the 24 hour burger joint inside the hotel. The woman behind the counter was rude, and refused to give me ranch for my onion rings, because I didn't order chicken strips. Had the brunch buffet the next day for $14 a person, not the best, but not the worst either. All in all I would say DO NOT STAY HERE. For $20 or $30 more stay at the Flamingo.
3	Hell yeah it's a dive - what do you expect for $35 a night?  Water pressure?  Hot water?  Comfortable bed?  Hell no!Location!  Free parking!  Lockable door.  That's all we wanted and that's what we got.Yes, everything written in all the reviews is true.  But you do get what you pay for.  I will stay here again for a pass-through to another location.  Never for more than 1 night.  It allowed us to have some extra cash to go see Love which was right across the street.  Nice.
2	Stayed here for one night recently on a comp and it was if was fine to basically sleep for one night and use the shower. I probably will never stay here again unless I am cash strapped or feel like using a comp coupon. My shower/bath was dirty (and being your typical guy I am not a stickler for that type of stuff but it was dirty) Called housekeeping and they said they would come fix the problem. I left my room and returned later and noticed nothing had been cleaned up. The best thing about the place is the location and most of the employees were very nice that I encountered. Harrah's corporation has been expanding recently but I think it's at the expense of their current hotels and staff. If someone wants a budget hotel/casino I would point them towards the Casino Royale just a short distance away. When you are a total rewards member like myself you can earn comps and food credits when staying at a Harrah's property, but they expire if you dont visit a property within six months (HELLO---can we say tough economy?)  When you stay at Casino Royale or join their  card club their comps/food credits never expire! Casino Royale also has dollar beers and margaritas, atm's that only charge one dollar vs $4.99 at Harrah's properties. Casino Royale also offers a free small business center. (Free internet to check e-mail or print boarding passes)
3	Things needed from a hotel in Vegas:-Bed-Shower-Door-Iron-Ice machineImperial Palace offered all of these things, and for $200 a week to be smack dab in the middle of the strip I find myself liking this place.That said, there are two issues that really hurt this place - uncomfortable beds and the worst elevators in which I've ever had the pleasure of being consistently froddaged on every excruciatingly long ride. I don't expect much when I'm not paying a ton of money, but I feel that there are basics that every hotel needs to offer.Will I stay again? Probably, but not if Harrah's or Casino Royale ends up being a cheaper option.
3	Bunch of haters on the Imperial Palace!  Granted, I have never stayed here and can imagine it would be an interesting experience to say the least.  But then, I usually have a free room at the Venetian thanks to work expense account when I come to Vegas.  However, just because I'm staying at a posh place doesn't mean I don't enjoy diving it every now and again.  As a matter of fact, dives are my fave.Just a few doors down from the Venetian you can find the Imperial Palace.  First off, this place has the karaoke club which I will review separately, but I love it.  Second off, they have cheap drink specials during football games - like $2.50 beers.  I wish I had known this before watching football at the Venetian and drinking $6 Miller Lites.  Travesty!  Additionally, they had $5 pitchers of beer.  Say whaaaaat?  Fill 'er up again and again!!  Mixed drinks are also cheaper than any other place I went and they were not stingy with the vodka!!  Score!  Tables are cheap to play so you don't have to break the bank when you aren't much of a gambler.If you are running low on the funds or you just want to kick it at a dive with cheap drinks, you could do a lot worse than the Imperial Palace!
4	Oh the IP! What a great introduction to Vegas! Cheap rooms & Great location! I was a little hesitant to stay here because a lot of the reviews I read made it seem grimey, old, and dirty. But my experience was fantastic. Nice room, not too small. Clean and had all the amenities we were looking for. The hotel was really crowded the weekend I was in town because of a roller derby convention. Random, I know. So while all the roller girls made the hotel and casino super lively and filled with lots of different people, taking the elevator was miserable. That was about the ONLY downside of this hotel.I really, really liked the IP casino. Probably my favorite. It's big, it has all different types of games and a nice Keno area which is a great way to get drunk for cheap. Also, the waitresses at the IP are super nice and attentive. Much better service from them than at the fancier casinos down the strip. Didn't eat at any of the food venues in this place. The night we planned on eating dinner at the buffet, they were having a luau and none of us were in the mood so we just walked next door to Harrah's.All in all, I have much love for the IP! I will returnnnnnnn!!!
3	This place is the ideal place for budget-minded travelers in Vegas looking for a nice spot on the strip. I got an amazing rate for staying at Imperial Palace (~78 for 3 nights) and it included other free perks such as free admission to its car show and Paris's Eiffel Tower. The rooms are pretty much standard motel-quality rooms. Our TV looked like it was made in the early 1980s and had a greenish tint. Our room had a patio and yet the door would not open. A big negative for IP was that our bathroom had a bad odor coming from it that made the stay less pleasant. However, with all that said we were smack dab in the middle of the strip across from Caesar's palace. You just cannot ask for a better value than this. Did not gamble much so could not comment on that part of the casino. I did eat at the Korean restaurant there (Gin seng 3). It was overpriced but sadly there is not that many Korean restaurants nearby the strip. Elevators were not that bad as other reviewers have made it. If you are going to stay here, ask for rooms not in Tower 4 as that is the furthest tower and is quite a trek to get there!
2	This place has the widest range of rankings out of almost anything I have ever rated.  And I think I know why...this place is what you make of it.  The hotel is right in the middle of the strip and is low budget.  This is obvious to anyone who is never stayed here so let me go beyond the obvious...this place has: really crappy customer service, a very standard hotel room for the price of a crappy motel room, is dead center in the middle of the strip, has free parking, and is not a bad place.  I really don't know what else to say about the good ol' IP...if you can afford to stay at Caesers or the Mirage, go for it.  If you are like me and can only afford to stay at the Circus, Circus/Stratosphere/Imperial Palace trinity, go for the IP.  The employees won't treat you well here but you will be right in the middle of things for $40 per night.  And in Vegas, who gives a rat's ass where you are staying...all that matters is whether or not it is in walking distance of passing out from the place you are drinking and/or gambling.
4	We stayed at the Imperial Palace from 12/20/09 to 12/24/09. We went to see Cher at the Colosseum at Caesars Palace.  We picked this hotel due to the location, and the really great price. The location of this property is one of the best on the strip. We were able to visit many attractions on the strip from Mandalay Bay to the Fashion Show Mall with ease on foot. We stayed in a Luv Tub Room on the 16th floor. It was quiet, spacious, everything worked, and the pictures posted on the website are right on the money. The tub in this room is HUGE. All the staff we encountered were extremely friendly, warm, and welcoming. Housekeeping always had us stocked with fresh towels, and toiletries every day. The casino is fun, easy to navigate, and is entertaining with the deaertaners, and  music make for a fun vibe going. The drink service in the casino was excellent.Over all we enjoyed our stay, and would stay here again.
3	This is a great location for it's price. There isn't much wow to the room however, but if you are going to Vegas, I doubt you'll stay in the hotel often. The room that we got was awkwardly shaped, but large non the less. Would definitely stay here again if on a budget.
1	If I could give this place a negative rating I would.  First off, they got my reservation wrong.  I asked for a 2 queen suite and they gave me a king.  I didn't find that out till I got to the room.  I confirmed over the phone with the hotel a week in advance that I had a 2 queen suite. All of my itinerary said I had a 2 queen suite including their website. It took 30 mins to get to my room because the layout of the hotel is horribly confusing and the employees have don't have a grasp of the layout either.  I got lost getting back to the lobby to get my new room.  The manager was a tool and wasn't helpful at all and he just wanted to argue with me.  He obviously hates his job.  The hotel looks dirty and dilapidated.  The elevators took forever, I have never been in a slower elevator!  It was at least a 5-10min wait  every time you had to use the damn thing.  The only redeeming quality was that the hotel is centrally located on the strip.  If you don't care about where you stay, don't mind dirty old run down rooms and you want a cheap room on the strip this is the place to stay.  I wont be coming back!
1	This is probably one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at in Vegas. Yeah, it's probably the cheapest place you could stay at on the strip, but "you get what you pay for" also rings a tune. But aside from that, my biggest grief about this place is that anywhere you go inside, it is heavy on smoke... like the entire building isn't ventilated! Hallways, elevators, non-smoking bedrooms, bedsheets!!!... I felt like I was suffocating... so much it made me sick my first and only time there. And yes, I realize this IS Vegas after all, but if you walk into any other hotel... it smells clean and only the casino areas are smokey... Imperial is another story.
3	Its decent.Groups rates were pretty good for our 50 people group. 4 people to a room. it was pretty nice of them to fix our problem with the booking. we had someone book it for us who was totally unreliable and retarded.they managed to get us all on the same floor and a few doors down form each other. this helped with the group separation problem that could have arisen. for sure this is no wynn, no CP, not even westin. but with its location right next to margarita ville, forum shops and in the middle of everything i can see why people can stand it. its like a motel but painted nicer.but. i missed my down comforter staying here for sure. sigh.. i'll bring my own next time.oh yeah, when you enter in the front. its effing hot. why.
3	If you want an inexpensive hotel right in the center of the strip, the IP is the place to go. Check in was a breeze, we found our room just fine (I guess if you're really stupid, you complain about getting lost in here and not being able to find your tower) but any monkey with an IQ over 80 can find the elevators. The elevators are small and rickety but they do their jobs. The rooms are nothing spectacular but you're just sleeping there, not spending the week in there. The monorail is convenient, there's a shuttle to the Rio next door at harrahs. If you plan on visiting the Hash House A Go Go, DO NOT VISIT THE ONE IN IMPERIAL PALACE. Take a cab to the REAL HHAGG on sahara. This one SUCKS. All in all a really good deal for the money. If you want a classy hotel, cross the street and check in at bellagio, as IP will not impress you.
4	I loved the Imperial Palace.. I mean seriously people, who stays in their Hotel room all day and all night when your in VEGAS! I booked here because I was looking for a inexpensive trip for the weekend of Halloween. and I was booking about 2 weeks before the date. luckily for me i found a room CHEAP. 3 people it only cost about $40 each.  the rooms are average rooms. pillows, comforters, sheets. and hey they even give you soap and a towel. GREAT location. i mean the center of the strip! You can walk everywhere!  I feel Sorry for all you people who want to spend $200 a night when you leave the room from noon till 6pm when you come back to shower and leave again till 4 am... I'm sticking with IP! no mint on my pillow needed
3	Not top notch, but its VEGAS!! How long are you going to be in the hotel room?This place is as plain and simple as it can get.  Everything you need to lay your head at night for a few hours of rest before you go out and make the most of your time on the strip! Not run down and dirty so this place is A-OK with me :PThe best thing about this place is the LOCATION!!! Smacked in the middle of the strip. Walking distance from everything, so you don't have to waste your $$ on taxi rides.  Right outside the hotel, they have a Margarita stand, where you can get a foot long Margarita, Pina Colata or pick from there other two concoctions. Feeling BRAVE? Take on the yard long challenge!! They literally have a neck bracelet to put the drink around your head because its THAT tall. For a buck more you can add another shot into your 'poison'. This is a great deal for drinks in VEGAS. Cheap, Clean and Great Location. What more do you need?
1	Desperation brought me here, not much else could bring me back.Positives:Cheap place right on the Strip.Due to the interesting placement of our room I was able to park right outside my door in the garage.Negatives:The place is just gross, dirty and crappy customer service (not even worth what they charge).Trying to get to the room was an adventure, the staff didn't even know where it was, had to get across the main floor to the back, go up a couple flights cross over a floor then down a couple more flights of stairs (no signs).I stayed there because surprisingly I couldn't find another room for anything and was to tired to start looking off strip.  Ended up in this weird set of rooms down in the back in the garage.  AC didn't work (it was a home window unit), the faucet handle came off in my hand, the carpet I swear moved and so on.  Maybe their main rooms aren't as bad but I am not willing to give them another chance.  I recommend just stay off the Strip if you cant get a room on the strip due to time or budget.  Dont waste your time on this place.
1	I didn't stay here so I'm just reviewing the casino itself. This place is super strange. The sports betting area is horribly outdated. There are old style monitors everywhere. It looked like the control room (although a lot less cool) from Apollo 13. The place is caught in a time warp and has not been updated. Nor does it seem to be maintained much at all.
2	Cons:- Complete dump- Cockroach motel- Insanely hot with the A/C units blasting into the non-existent hallways (you walk outdoors to get to your room)- Very confusing venue to find your room- Room is small and dirty- Bathroom has stainsPros: - BEST LOCATION on the strip for the price- Right across from Caesar's Palace- Relatively CheapOverall: If you're going with fraternity boys, this place is the best location to stay for the price. Do NOT go here if you're trying to impress your loved one or with your spouse. It will be an absolute disaster.
3	It's not even an Asian hotel! The Imperial Palace is a white-washed "Asian"  hotel. I hate that sweaty, dirty feeling as soon as I walk in. It's like one of the cheap motel rooms the Winchesters stay in "Supernatural"..just a bit more upgraded. Do they ever change those covers? It's like ancient creepy hotel.When I say this hotel is pretty dead, I do mean dead. Go up to the Emperor's Buffet floor and you'll know what I mean, about half of that floor is dark with 2 isolated slot machines. And what's up with the $1/day for phone service? Wake up, IP, we're in the 21st centuries; we use cell phones!I wanted cheap, but I didn't expect this cheap.
1	If you're looking for a centrally located place to stay on the strip, the Imperial Palace has you covered. If you love filthy rooms and decrepit conditions, the Imperial Palace has you covered.  If you're one of those people that think a hotel room is just a place to pass out in, the Imperial Palace has you covered.  If you enjoy the smell of a wet fart wrapped in an ashtray, then you're absolutely going to love the Imperial Palace.  Don't enjoy being clean or smelling good?  You'll be in great company at the Imperial Palace.  Are you're looking to relive those glory days when all the frat boys on your floor stayed up all night yelling drunken nonsense down the halls?  Don't worry, with room rates so low, drunk college kids can't afford to stay anywhere else!  The Imperial Palace is like a good prison rape, it's a sweaty, smelly pain in the ass and you just want it to be over as quick as possible.If none of that really strikes your fancy...you might want to spend the extra $10 a night and stay somewhere decent.
4	I stayed at IP for my 28th birthday. I was terrified of this place after reading all the negative reviews it got... (bed bugs and klepto housekeepers) But after getting there, I was pleasantly surprised... it's not that bad! The rooms were a little on the smaller side, but the balcony made up for it. The housekeeping staff were very attentive and polite.There were some things I was less than satisfied with: 1. The elevators suck! They are small, slow and rickety. We stayed on the top floor (18th), so you can imagine how much fun we had with that! 2. DO NOT EAT THE FOOD! It was literally some of the worst food I have ever eaten. And it's way over priced... Seriously, go somewhere else! The location is the best part about Imperial Palace. It is centrally located so you are within walking distance to all the major casinos.  It's got an awesome daiquiri bar, the RockHouse, that is literally yards away from the front entrance. The drinks are a little spendy, but worth it.All in all, I had a great experience at Imperial Palace and would stay there again.
3	Its cheap, true story.(4 people spend $90/each for a 4 day weekend) Its centrally located.. more or less. Also a plus. We went with the attitude that the room is there to hold our clothes and pass out in. Basically thats how it went down. Drinks at their bars are also cheap, thats a win right there. I didnt come across roaches, or bedbugs or klepto housekeeping so I cant agree with previous reviews on that. We had hallways(they were hot) soooo again i cant agree with being outside to get to your room? The elevators are out to get you. Heres the trick- THEY ALL GO TO ALL THE FLOORS. There is no need to get in a certain elevator for your tower. We went to tower 5 and came down in elevator 3. Although some of them do stop at random on floors with no one waiting. If this type of thing srsly bothers you, you need to lighten the hell up.Rock House, in front of IP has sweet drink deals. 2 for 1 beers, massive commemorative cups/guitars/boots etc... full of delicious drunkenness.We ate at Hashhouse and enjoyed the food. MASSIVE MASSIVE portions, beware. But it was cheap so we didnt complain. Our server was terrible however. Carnaval Bar next door is ridiculously loud so that was a bit of a downer. But, since we were in our room for only a few hours(literally) it really wasnt that big of a deal. heres my major complaint, seriously. We ordered room service and the WOULD NOT MAKE ME A GRILL CHEESE. Its not on the menu. WTF? srsly. its bread and cheese. thats what this drunk girl wanted. I did not get it. We got quesadillas instead.. did not satisfy.  Bonus, its near Harrahs and the Mirage so if you find a shuttle that goes there.. youre good. We went out to Rio for a buffet and hopped on a free shuttle to Harrahs. No taxi to pay for.. we like that. Id stay again. Save some cash for drinks and gambling.
1	Do NOT come here. This place is horrendous -- if I am going to pay $30 per night, I'd rather go to the Stratosphere or Luxor. It's LOUD, to begin with. I couldn't sleep properly. The whole room is NOT accommodating at all -- poor beds, outdated rooms... Expect the hotel to be very unkempt, compared to the other ones. Good location... but NOT worth it.
3	This hotel is not as bad as some people make it seem.  Its definately affordable and right on the strip close to all the good awesome casinos! We went with this one Cuz of budget and it was better than i thougt.  Everything in the room worked. And very convienent cuz u can catch the monorail rite from this hotel and go ne where you want.  Its a decent price and you'll get a decent stay.  In Vegas your hardly in your room NeWAy so what does it matter!!  I would stay here again if i was on a tight budget.  I'll be stayin at planet Hollywood in a few weeks. That review is soon to Come.
4	i paid $12/nt for this room. i paid $12/nt for this room!!! and that's only because i ran out of my Comps. the basics of IP (because it's all you get): - awesome location CENTER strip- the rooms are ALWAYS about 60% cheaper than most ON strip- you get 4 walls, a roof, a shower and a toilet - the pool has a lot of chairs - there is club right in the front of IP - O'sheas is next door- great sports book- they have balconies in the roomswe stayed here for St Paddy's/March Madness. a bros trip. you can't get any better than the rate we got (unless it was free). there's definately a lot  you can complain about this place. if you want to. i choose to take the more realistic approach. let me be fair, i wouldn't necessarily stay here on a honeymoon or special occassion with a SO. but, with a bunch of dudes, no worries. i mean, how can you complain with the price you pay. you get what you pay for. if it's better accomodations or better service or better amenities or  elevators that work or etc etc etc... pay 4 times more and stay across the street at Caesar's Palace.
2	Two stars.  One for price (less than 80 on a weekend) and location (heart of the strip).  Okay after that... -3 stars for elevators.  I mean really!! Sunday, check out day, 13th floor.  The elevator going down is packed every time. After 5 minutes of watching this, we saw patrons take their wheelie suitcases and walk down the 13 floors of stairs!!! We had to jump on a car going up, that was half full. And it hit EVERY FLOOR on the way down to a room full of groans after the car was full. On the 7th floor some lady half cried as she threw herself into the car, wedging between suitcases. It was lord of the flies in there.So if your cheap, get on the 2nd floor and walk down a flight, otherwise good lord help you.  Check out at 6 am.
1	this place is a dump.  and worse, it cost 180$/night to stay here!!they put us all the way in the back.  in a whole different building.  and made us walk through what we called chicken shit alley.our room had 2 beds that felt like the sheets were made of sand paper.  our toilet was one like in a public restroom where it didn't have a back part.  our shower didn't drain so none of us could use it.we asked for a cot when we check in, and clearly it never came.honestly terrible.
3	The location here is great, and it's probably the cheapest place you'll find on this part of the strip. Aside from that there's not much good to say about this place. It's pretty dingy all over. Rooms, casino, the works. Some places smelled like pure shit. If all your looking for is a place to crash at night (or in the morning/afternoon) on the cheap and then get the fuck out onto the strip then Imperial Palace has you covered. Anything more than that is asking to much.
1	Hmmmmm, I was only in the casino for 10 minutes......I'm all itchy.
3	Not going to lie, but this place is a sh&%hole. But you can not argue with the location nor the price. I mean..... when one comes to Vegas, the room is used for the three basics: shit, shower and shave. Granted, their could be a 4th S but that is only if your lucky.... :)Anyway, if you want to live large, like Vegas whale status large, but have a budget that can only afford you the parking lot view room across the street at Caesars, get yourself a Penthouse Suite at the IP! No really, seriously though, this suite is nothing short of pimp status... assuming you were caught in a time warp that transported you to a time when the IP was cool and shag carpet was in!The Penthouse at the IP ranges from either a one or two bedroom suites. After you take the elevator to the top floor of the hotel, you enter your room which has a small living area with bar. This opens up to the largest balcony in all of Vegas (well.... largest balcony that you can afford big spender) In the main bedroom, there is a platform bed that looks pretty bad ass.... and then there is the bathroom. In the bathroom, that is larger then most reasonably priced apartments in San Francisco, there is a tub that can fit you, your significant other, your friends, the significant others friends and maybe even a few strangers you may meet during your Vegas travels. If you have the funds and there is a room available, treat yourself to a penthouse at the IP. Hell.... do it just to be random or for shits and giggles, I did. LOL
2	went here for my 21st birthday...never will i step foot back in there... thank god we were in the separate rooms near the monorail thing cuz being in the hotel was even worse!!first off we were just excited to be in vegas and was looking for a spot on the strip that wasn't going to cost an arm and a leg and we found this place online! we paid 134 for 4 nights (we bought the room months in advance) in july and we were impresed with the price! then we got there...confusing as hell!! it took us at least 15 minutes to get to our room from the entrance to begin with...that wasn't so bad as the bathroom it self...DISGUSTING...no roaches, thank god! but i wouldn't have been surprised if i did see one...stains among stains, and this place in general looks like a gasoline stop bathroom anyway.... the beds were mediocre and smelly, not only that but very stuffy, i felt like i was being trapped in a box...the pool was okay, not very big and a tad dirty...the gambling room was DIRTY and  NOT fun...the impersonators that work there as the pool tables and/or poker tables were hideous themselves and did NOT look like anyone they were supposed to look like...the employees were rude and young, the only non-complaint i had was the front desk girl that gave us our room, she offered us to upgrade our room if we wanted with a small charge but we refused also she was very informative and told us about the hotel and things we can do there, but left out the nasty parts...i should have asked her if she has ever even stayed there herself...im thinking not....didnt see the car show, didnt want to...im a big fan of cars but we stayed away from the hotel as much as possible. the hotel is more like a MOTEL  than anything else...GROSS and DISGUSTING... BORING and RUDE...will be staying somewhere else for sure next time...
3	This is only a review of the casino -- I expect the hotel is a hole. It's worth an hour or two at the back tables with the impersonator dealers -- table minimums are 5-10 bucks and it's definitely a different experience -- and a lot of fun.
3	Ok, the itchy joke was funny at the time, but clearly this place serves a purpose. We went back at night to see Divas (actually very good, Penn & Teller was sold out at the ticket place, but I'm not complaining) and the crowd had changed, packed tables and serious looking gamblers from all walks of life. The show was good and the drinks were....less expensive. Would I stay here? No......I would stay off the strip if I was on a budget.  I may gamble here next time though, then pour myself back up strip.
3	The recurring theme to all the reviews of Imperial Palace has been and still is.....'You get what you pay for!'  That is so true.Really, for $15 a night, you can't really ask for nothing more than a bed to sleep on.  The room is about the size of a cubicle and you're treated to a nice view of more rooms.  And the elevators here are tortoise-slow.  You could be the only one waiting for the elevator to come down, but then by the time it arrives, it becomes a free for all.  The bottom line is that you're really staying here for the location of the hotel since it's literally at the heart of the Strip, with easy access to many of the nearby properties.Here's a tip with the elevator situation: There are actually 6 main elevators, but most people usually take the first three in the front. Go around them on the left and you'll find the other three behind them and you won't have to deal with crowded elevators for most of the time. You'll thank me for this, trust me!!!The casino is pretty campy, but it's pretty entertaining with their Dealertainers.  Some are actually really good!  They also have a Rapid Roulette table which is really fun to play when you're with a crowd.Would I stay here again, probably not, even at $15 a night.  But it's still a great place to play if you have some time to kill on the strip.
1	I stayed there with my Aunt. Based on what she's told me, it seems to be her hotel of choice when she's only flying out of Boston to Las Vegas for a one-night layover before road-tripping it to the canyons. When I was invited to a 2-week road trip with some family from the Netherlands, I was on board. I LOVED Bryce Canyon. I didn't choose the place or even know where I'd stay until I reached Las Vegas. I was only at the Imperial Palace for about 9 hours, but that room was just AWFUL. First of all, there were only two working elevators when I went (some were under repair) and they were always so slow and crowded that you usually had to wait for the next one and reenact the awful circumstances of sardines in a can. The hallways are paved with the kind of tiles you see in a dingy old bathroom.. and the place (specifically the layout of the rooms) is so huge and poorly planned that it's almost maze-like. When you step out to your TINY balcony, your view is of trash. I get that the location is "ideal," but even if I could get a room for as low as $30 at the Imperial Palace, I'd rather not. I've booked the Wynn/Encore/Venetian for anywhere between $130-$175 on Hotwire, the Treasure Island around $50-$75, the Hard Rock Hotel $40-$60, and the Trump $95-$115. Any one of those would suffice. Location + Comfort = WIN.Never again.
2	This hotel would be one of the greatest value finds in history except for the wreak of the smoke and little ventilation throughout the lobby and casino floor. I am currently staying here for a 5 day convention and I'm on day 2 and have some of the worst nose and eye issues going on. Even though I'm taking ample allergy medicine, the stuffiness and poor ventilation of this casino is killing me. All other casinos, even though they permit smoking, do not smell anything close to Imperial Palace. It feels like you enter a jungle with the humidity and lack of oxygen once entering the hotel from the monorail. Extremely stuffy warm, and you can almost feel the invisible cloud of smoke hovering above you. I really wanted to be wearing one of those masks the people in China wear. My clothes wreak of smoke and I have to shower before I go out again after walking through the casino each time. The lighting inside the rooms is poor with 3 small table lamps and there's only 2 extra sockets total for your computer or cell phone charger. The in-wall A/C blows nice and cool which is a great and also helps to filter out some of the outside noise since it has a pleasant hum.On a positive note, the price of the rooms are super cheap and if they found a way to clean up the terrible smoke smell and improve the ventilation this could be one of the best deals in down. It's proximity is A+ right by Harrahs and the Flamingo, but because of the nasty smoke, if I ever come to Vegas again I will not stay here. Service and staff is very friendly and accommodating and they have cheap entry table games.
2	You do get what you paid for.ThemeAsian with a love of green and brown.Good for kids?No, but the prices are good for people with kids.Hotel RoomClean.  Showers come in waves in both hot and cold regardless how I turned the knobs.  Sink stopper was broken (fixed by staff).  Electrical outlets could not pass code.  Bed was a C-minus adequate.  Extra blankets must be requested.  Climate control functional and loud enough to drown out the noise coming from Harrah's outdoor bar.Amenities and service45 minute wait to check in.  Turning around while in line, I was the lucky one.  Tip: If you can read this use the Express checkout and the WWW to get your receipt.    One night the ice machine on 4 separate floors were out.  Soda machines are at a reasonable price at $2 a bottle.  Parking garage is tight and perilous.  Smaller cars will scrape their underbelly entering and exiting the facility at the ramp.  One of the elevators broke down all day.  Then I discovered the secrets of the towers.  Two towers are really ONE.  Pick any elevator, it will get you there.ShoppesBlink and you'll miss it.  RestaurantsCurious, they have a little court tucked away on the 5th floor.  We tried out the Ginseng 3, a 24 hour Asian cuisine restaurant.  It was pleasant.  Not out of the world but not disappointing.  We ordered, they made, we finished.  They also have a Mexican and a Steakhouse restaurant there.LocaleUnlike the Venetian, there is no grand entrance.  You step out from behind plywood walls and you are out in the strip incognito.  You do have to navigate your way from the room elevators through the casino to get to the strip.  More work to get from the front desk to your room to the garage back to your room again.  SummaryIts a two-star experience in comparison to other hotels on the strip.  It doesn't have to be 21st Century friendly as in desk outlets, but the outlets should be working without having me feel I'm trying to plug my phone recharger into an exhaust pipe.   Want to save money?  Try here.  Been to IP before, try something new.
2	I guess if you don't plan to be in your room that much it is a good value. With the name Imperial Palace there comes an expectation that you are in the lap of luxury.  But for these rates I guess you get what you pay for.
2	Okay place to rest and shower.  Aside from that, I wouldn't recommend it.  They are doing renovations and it is at a great location, directly accross from Caesars Palace.  Harrah's should probably sell this property or do a property exchange.
1	I know it's a good deal on the Strip, but please give the place a new renovation, or upgrade, or something; otherwise, tear it down and start over. No maid service for 2 days, remote control didn't work. TVs are something from the '50s. Surly staff, horrible ventilation in the casinos. Loud thumping music at the pool so couldn't relax there. Staff very unfriendly....could go on and on. Great location, 2 shows there: Divas and Human Nature quite good, but you'd be better to stay at Flamingo or Harrahs for a little more and be more relaxed.
3	The capri rooms are non-smoking and functional with a bed.  What more can you really ask for when splitting a $29 room?  Sure they're a 7 minute hike from the casino, but so was my suite in the Bellagio and I paid a lot more there. Don't expect to spend ANY time enjoying the room, unless it's the hot water or the bed.  In fact, don't even bother staying in the casino very long unless you're getting lessons (the dealers were super nice to my n00bish group).  Do walk a few minutes north to Harrah's or the Venetian south to Bally's west to Caesar's...because you're freaking SMACK DAB in the middle of the Strip!LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION.
2	The Imperial Palace is super affordable for Vegas standards but there is nothing palatial about it! First tip: book at Travelocity. We paid like $30/night, anymore than that would have awarded the place 0 stars. Plus, you get a free 24 hour buffet pass good at any of the Harris hotels. Second tip: make sure your cab driver drops you off in FRONT of the hotel. Our cab driver dropped us off at the back entrance, not knowing any better we got out and then had to take two different elevators and walk a mile through the musty casino with our luggage to check in (which is located at the front of the hotel). Not fun. Boo, (curse you mean cabbie)! To get to any of the rooms you have to walk through the smoke filled casino. Gross! My BFF and I wanted to go to Vegas for our first vacation ever but were on a serious budget. Opting to maximize our spending power we went with the Imperial Palace. The rates are great and the nonsmoking rooms are truly smoke free. The hotel is centrally located on the strip, across from Cesar's Palace. The actual room was kind of Motel 6ish. Not horrible but most definitely not the nicest room I have stayed in. It had those scratchy blankets and sheets, you know the ones. There were plenty of towels and good water pressure which is a definite plus. The room had a tiny little "patio" but our glass door required the Jaws of Life to open, so we didn't go onto the patio much. There was a major wind storm so we didn't get to enjoy the pool (which was super far from our room) but looked decent enough. We stayed in Tour 5 which meant we went to sleep (around 4am) and woke up (around noon) to blaring music. I am still not sure were the music was coming from, but if you live in a city with lots of street noise it won't bother you. Overall, the place is super dumpy compared to all the nice Vegas hotels but it gets the job done. Let's put it this way, we had a blast but made a pact not to return to Vegas until we could afford to stay at the Venetian or better. The biggest negative is having to walk to another hotel to shop, eat, and/or party. At the nicer hotels you can do this in your own hotel (and with guest perks) maximizing your stay. If you just want a cheap, conveniently located place to crash this is your spot!
1	Location! Location! Location!  Sometime only location is not enough.  This hotel is in the middle of the strip.  But I can't find another good reason of staying there.  Everything is old and crappy.  Furniture, TV, bathroom, toilet, etc.  The room smells like old wood.  The "do not disturb" sign was missing the first night.  We were very tired and didn't ask for a new one and we went straight back to bed.  We DID lock the door with the deadbolt tho.  But obviously it didn't work because the housekeeper knocked on the door at 8am and came right in while we were still sleeping.  The food in the buffet is ridiculous.  It's much worse than Old Country Buffet.  We got a okay deal on our rooms, I thought.  Now we still receive emails from them giving us free room.  It's just so bad that I will never go back to this hotel even the room is completely free.  Oh remember to check out the pictures of this hotel in the Yelp website.  The pic of the dead cockroach is just priceless!  That picture pretty much explains everything.
4	I wanted to show my fiancee the trashy side of Las Vegas. If you want one of those old school porny hotel rooms with mirrors in all kinds of places? You can do that here for not a lot of money, but still get the conveniences (i.e. half-decent room service) of a hotel not half way to Needles.The Imperial Palace was awesome for it's central location and for what I paid for a hotel room half the size of my house with mirrors on basically every surface and an eight person tub.But this hotel is in dire need of a facelift and in fact, I'm pretty sure that it'll be the next hotel to meet it's maker on the strip. In fact, I think the poor economy is the only reason it's holding on as long as it has.The auto collection and the "dealertainers" were kind of cool too... though you can experience those while not staying at this hotel.
3	This place is a 2.5. It's definitely an older hotel but hey, at least it's on the strip and it's affordable. We called for addtional towels and they maids weren't super nice but at least they did their job.
5	Ok trust me I've been to super fancy hotels before and I even went and stayed at a Venetian suite right after a night here. So now that I've justified that I know what quality is I'll explain why I gave the place 5 stars. Simply put, it was an amazing deal. For 34 dollars on Memorial weekend in Las Vegas...that's right 34 I got a two queen room that was clean, spacious, and far far better than what I expected. The last time I stayed in a hotel that cheap it was not a pleasant experience (crack addicts, homeless, ect.) so the bar was set pretty low. This place exceeded my expectations and then some.The location is really good it's smack in the middle of the strip and when you've been drinking and have on high heels location is everything. Service was prompt and friendly, in fact, my only complaint is I had to go through a fricken maze to get to my room. It was literally a journey.So if you're a college kid, like me, looking for a clean, cheap room on the strip this place should definitely be your pick. But if  you're looking for that Venetian suite experience don't set yourself up for disappointment.PS. I split the suite with 10 other people if you thought I was lying or confused about me being a poor college student.
3	The only good thing Imperial Palace had this past Memorial Day Weekend was...well...Memorial Day!!!  After taking all my gambling (notice I called it gambling only) money on blackjack, roulette, slots and poker, I woke up and said "I am playing craps."So I slammed down the breakfast of champions and we all know what that means in Vegas, then I proceeded downstairs where the table was empty. Hilarious how I decided to roll left handed. First roll went opposite paths yet they ended  up in the same area after  a di splashed against the stacks of chips next to a dealer that was watching a woman instead of the game making him jump like a cat to the ceiling. I got into a zone until the table shifted and I cashed out.The room was small for 2 bed in the smoking section, but we had a balcony overlooking the pool!!! Carpets were cleaned making the hallways smell like roses that smoke cigarettes!!
1	I have stayed at the Imperial Palace before numerous times.  I use the hotel as a cheap filler for when I want to stay more nights in Vegas and don't want to spend a lot of money for a room I will barely be in.  This time I stayed at the Treasure Island Hotel for two nights then on the third night I moved to the Imperial Palace where my night of hell began.  First off I got food poisoning at the buffet and was stuck in my room from shortly after I checked in at noon, until it was time to check out the following morning.  I was placed in a room that smelled like paint thinner, someone was banging on something until after 9pm, and it sounded like there was an air compressor right above my room, in addition to the loud music from the Harrah's pool next door.  I tried to wait out the smell and noise, but finally had enough at 9pm and called down to the front desk to request to be moved.  The front desk did not answer until I had called 7 times.  When they did answer they proceeded to tell me that there where no more rooms available, I explained that I had been ill and that I knew that they had a few rooms available.  After going back and forth for a while longer they finally agreed to move me.  They did end up moving me to a room located in the parking garage.Meanwhile my husband was gambling all night and using his player's card.  He gambled about 6 hundred dollars between blackjack and slots.  He would come back and check on me and tell me that our room would most likely be comped as he was playing so much in our casino.  This was the only thing that was making me feel better.The following morning I ordered room service just to see if I could keep solid food down.  I ordered a waffle, eggs, bacon, hash browns, toast, water, coffee, and orange juice.  The total came to $45, which I was fine with assuming the food would be decent, and assuming that the $35 food and beverage credit (this is the room package I had paid for) would cover most of the charges.  When the food arrived 45 min later, they asked for cash.  I explained that I had a $35 food and beverage credit package and that it should be charged to my room, they didn't believe me and proceeded to argue with me until I dug threw my bag for proof of my reservation stating so.  In addition the food was terrible.  I don't know how you mess up all of those items.Finally it was time to check out, and I was glad that I was going to have comps to make up for the crappy experience all around.  However, when we went to check out they said we had $0 in comps.  My husband explained that he had gambled $600 the night before using his players card the whole time.  Then they told us we had $2 in comps, then they told us that our comps wouldn't be applied for 24 hours but we needed to pay for the room right now.  We asked about the comps from our previous visit which was less than 6 months ago, they said there were none (they actually screwed us on the players card comps last time too).  Finally I said whatever and left.This is a terrible casino and hotel, if you have $20 more dollars just use it and stay somewhere nicer.  It's not worth the trouble and suffering you have to go through with this casino. I can't wait until they knock it down, it has to be coming up soon.  It's by far the crappiest place to stay in Vegas.
1	Hmm I've tried to review this place for weeks but for some reason yelp won't allow me to give it ZERO stars and submit a review... so one star it is...The place is cheesy from the pit dealers parading as entertainers to the horrific rooms and bad food on property this place makes a motel 6 look palatial. The only redeeming factor is your a walk from Ceasar's, Bellagio and many other better establishments.... Other than that I would not stay here again if it was free and I mean that.
4	Okay, I know this hotel casino is ghetto, but hear me out. If you're on a budget, still wanna be on the strip, and don't mind some ghetto booty, this is the place for you!It's located right in the middle of the strip somewhere between Paris and Venetian!Now I've never stayed here, but I did come for midnight gambling and even at 11pm-12am where it's prime time gambling, you can find $5 minimum tables. Somehow, my siblings and I found a roulette table started betting (and winning!!) and out of nowhere, they started having imitiation singer performances!! I was able to see "Avril", "Beyonce", and "Michael Jackson" while winning monies!It was highly entertaining.
2	I stayed at the Imperial Palace hotel these last 3 nights.. (June 22 thru the 25th).Overall, the only good things about this place is the price...and that it's mainly only a good place to sleep and rest. There is not much else in my opinion.My pet peeve with this place is that every time housekeeping finished cleaning the room. There was always some weird ashy/charcoal thing left on my side of the bed. The first time I noticed it, I was like "meh.." and wiped it off the bed since it wasn't so big. But then the next few days, I noticed the SAME thing. I don't know exactly who to blame..but the only person(s) in the hotel room besides me and my family must be housecleaning.. so yeah. Very weird and annoying.I also didn't like the fact that on one of the nights, housekeeping (although they cleaned the room and made the beds) failed to leave any wash clothes, bath mats, and only left *one* towel to use. Maybe they just forgot? But still. It was annoying, and my mother kept complaining so I had to call housekeeping and ask them to bring up more towels, etc.Another thing I don't like is that the elevators up to the hotel rooms are very small. Granted, there are 4 elevators (there are more than 4 I think, but the other ones only reach certain floors) that can be used to access most of the floors, but each elevator is small and most of the time I was in there, it was just cramped with people coming in and out, etc. The last thing that could've been better in my opinion was the buffet. It's called "Emperor's Buffet" and compared to the other 6 buffets (using the 24 hour buffet pass..which was what I used these past 4 days), the other buffets were much better. Out of the 7 buffets, I've ate at all of them at least once.. except Harrah's, which hopefully I'll try on a later date. But yeah, the food choice at the buffet at Imperial Palace was very small compared to every other place. But the good thing about it was that there was no line and no wait to get in.. which was good because my fam and i were starving.Other good things about this place is that it is on the strip..and close to some of the other good places like Caesars, etc. Good walking distance which I like. I don't know if I'd like to stay here again though.
3	This is definitely not a place you go if you plan on spending time in your room or in the hotel casino, but, as a launching pad to the rest of the strip, its great. Our room was small and the furniture reminded me of a beach condo from the early eighties...but it served its purpose. Our room was in Tower 1, which provided a slight view of Caesars, albeit obstructed by Air conditioners. It seems that most rooms have a balcony, which seems pretty unique. Granted, the balcony is about three feet long and two feet deep, so you can't do much other than stand on it. But, its the thought that counts. From the strip, the front of the Imperial Palace is hidden by their Rock Club, so I'm not sure how anyone would even know it was there if they weren't specifically looking for it. At night the building glows a neon blue, which really sets it apart from the rest of the strip. Its a little disturbing as a color, reminiscent of that blue cleaner they have in airplane toilets. But, again, its the thought that counts. Overall, its inexpensive but has a good location...so if you don't need to be pampered, it will do just fine.
4	I know, I know.. it's a little rundown and not as glamorous as the rest of the hotels on the Strip, but I can't bring myself to knock this place. Found a Memorial Day weekend special - 2 queen beds at $80 for one night.. lookin good so far. My 3 girlfriends and I get to the hotel and the lady at the concierge tells me that they upgraded our room to the "love suite" since we're only staying one night. AND they gave us a free cot (would've been an extra charge). BOOYEAH. Love suite... this should be interesting..Okay so our room ends up having a hot tub andddddd mirrors above our king size bed...we are definitely in the love suite, HAHA! But hey, we'll take it! I slept so comfortably that night I didn't even know my two other friends were next to me--until I looked up at the mirror and saw them..Turns out the latest checkout time we could request is 11am, but for an extra $30 we could get a late late checkout at 4pm. As 4pm came around, the housekeeping lady knocked on our door and told us we could stay til 6! Thanks Imperial Palace!
2	If they didn't have their deal of $56 for two nights in a two-bedroom suite, with a free bottle of alcohol included, I probably would not have come here. Quite honestly, this is the "cheapest" hotel I've been to in Vegas, but when you're out celebrating with some friends and you're not planning to stay in the hotel for long, this is a good place to be.Come on, $56 for two nights? In Vegas? On The Strip? With free alcohol? That's an amazing plus! I was actually super satisfied with the location, since it's right across from great hotels like Caesar's Palace and Bellagio. It's also within reasonable walking distance from other hotels like Aria, The Venetian, and New York New York.On the downside, the layout of the place is confusing -- Mark S. and I had a room in Tower 4, and it took forever to walk there until we found out a shortcut. Even with the shortcut, it'd take forever to get to our rooms because EVERYONE was using the same elevator to get to their rooms on different towers. Yikes. Not to mention that the rooms are really basic -- just a step above Holiday Inn or motels. Pretty warm in the casino, too, in general. Customer service isn't the best, either.Still, you get what you pay for, and IP actually did go beyond my expectations for its incredibly cheap price. But if you plan to impress someone or if you want to "go big," look anywhere else on The Strip but this place.
4	This was my slogan for the Imperial Palace: "It's like Caesar's Palace, but minus the class and double the trash!"You know, for this hotel being considered one of the "dive" hotels in Vegas, I absolutely loved it! You cannot beat the price and the location. If you're going to sit in your hotel or the casino all day, then do NOT stay here. Now, if you're like me and you just need a place to crash after a full day of walking the strip and living the night life, then the Imperial Palace is AWESOME! Located right across from Caesar's Palace, you'll be in the middle of everything! Food, shopping, booze, casinos---it's all right there! Bill's Gamblin' Hall and O'Shea's are super close and have all kinds of affordable drinks and food. We pretty much could walk everywhere.I loved the pool! It was big and there were plenty of open chairs to throw your towel down and catch some rays. The music there is pretty loud, which I didn't mind, but if you want a quiet pool experience, look elsewhere. There is a limited amount of food offered poolside, but the pina colada I had was stellar!Everyone at this hotel was SUPER nice. If you're out there to have a good time, meet people, and be social then you'll like this place. All the guests there seemed very relaxed. So, apparently guests looking to have fun for the fraction of the price (much like myself) found their way to the Imperial Palace.Our room was decorated in 1980s pinkish mauve with some sorta microsuede headboard. Our balcony looked at other balconies, but we didn't pay to have a room with a view. The room was clean and the beds were comfortable. My friend and I had one complaint: not enough outlets to plug in a hair dryer, flat iron, and curling iron all at the same time (ha ha!). Unplugging the TV and alarm clock solved that problem. All in all, I am going back! Sure, I'd love to stay in one of the nicer hotels at some point, but the Imperial Palace exceeded my expectations (which wasn't hard to do since I stayed at Circus Circus last time).
3	Stayed here with people while we were canvassing for Obama during the election time. This hotel is exactly what you would expect from a cheaper hotel in Las Vegas. The rooms are kind of janky, Wifi is not free, and it smells like smoke everywhere!
1	There's no sugar coating it...this place pretty much sucks. Spent a weekend here celebrating a friend's birthday. Between the three of us sharing the room...our 3 night stay averaged about $60 a night...great deal huh? Well there's a reason that old adage "You get what you pay for" exists...it's cuz of places like this.When you first step through through the casino doors you are greeted with a whiff of cigarette smoke right up your nostrils. The common grounds itself are decrepit, and littered with beer bottles and stained carpets. Our room itself wasn't even located in the main hotel building. It was a separate building more reminiscent of a motel 6. Moreover, it was a trek to get there! We had to walk through the lobby...go up a flight of stairs 1 story...go through the arcade...down the escalator...exit the building...walk past the parking garage and dumpsters...and up another flight of stairs to finally get to our room! The only good thing our room had going on was that the air conditioning worked. Thank god cuz it was 110 degrees the weekend we were there. Other than that there was a lot to complain about our room...tub didn't drain...toilet seat had no cover, some electrical outlets didn't work, remote didn't work, nasty linen, slow housekeeping turnover. You get the point. The only place I've stayed in Vegas that was worse was Circus Circus...and don't even get me started on that dump.As you can see I've learned my lesson and will shell out a lil more cash next time for better accommodations. The major thing this place has going on for itself is its central location on the strip. Makes it very easy to get around.
4	If you have the money to stay at Caesar's or the Venetian, then stay there!But if you're like me and you're a broke college student, then the Imperial Palace is perfect! It's in the middle of the strip, the rooms are pretty cheap by LV standards, and unless you're some uppity rich snobby person, the hotel isn't as bad as many of the reviews on here make it out to be.The girlfriend and I stayed in one of the deluxe rooms during spring break, and it was about 70/night. We also got a coupon for the impersonators show next door at Harrah's which was pretty entertaining. The casino wasn't too bad, they have impersonator dealers, and each one of them goes up and does a little show every so often. The Freddy mercury one was the best!  Overall, because of the price and the location, I would stay here again on my next visit to Las Vegas.
1	Just reviewing the buffet and lobby area....I was on one of those 24 hour 7 buffet passes and had dinner there. It tasted pretty good but I could have done without waking up at 3 a.m. with violent stomach cramps and a less than pleasant exit the next morning. Also the building itself? Dark, old and sad. The bathrooms at my high school looked and smelled about the same!
1	First of all, when I got into the hotel, I noticed a ghastly long check in line that took me 50 minutes to get through.  Once we got into our room, my friends used the bathroom and noted tiny hairs decorating the bathroom floor.  To forget our hotel woes we went outside to grab a quick bite and when we returned we were greeted with a man lying on the floor with handcuffs on him and a dozen policemen guarding him at the entrance.  A few of the policemen then started a quick chase for a second culprit.  We had no idea what the crime was but I knew at that moment I was in safe hands staying at Imperial Palace.  The maids never cleaned both beds (only one for some reason), and wouldn't give more than one extra towel.  I really don't have anything good to say about the place except that we paid $96 for the room for 2 nights (after getting a $50 expedia discount).  The only thing I am grateful to is Expedia for giving me a coupon.  Imperial Palace is also supposed to be Asian themed but the room was decorated more like a cheap Hawaiian motel with pictures of parrots and palm trees on the walls.
1	Rule of thumb for Vegas hotels: Always upgrade.  Being the broke students we are, we opted for this place because it cost is around $30 per person for 2 nights.  Super cheap...for a reason. Right when I stepped in I was wondering if I woke up on the wrong side of the bed.  I felt like I walked into a cheap motel full of...forgive me...hicks.  It smelled like smoke, the interior looked tacky, and there was just obnoxious music playing.  It was not classy.  When I walked into other hotels like Wynn/Encore/Venetian I vowed to get rich or die trying.  The hotel room  was basic and yea, I did not expect anything glamorous.  But there were little hairs on the sink.  Ew.  The bed was alright...not bad but not great.  One of the lamps wasn't working.  The cleaning lady did not really clean.  The before and after of the room looked basically the same.  The bathroom looked a little cleaned up but that was all.  This was just horrible.  I'm never staying here again.  Prior to this we had stayed at Treasure Island.  Treasure Island is Heaven Island compared to this.
5	How dare you guys give this place anything less than 4 stars?This place is where ALL the action isI love everything about this place. The trashy singers. The extra strong cigarette smell. The fact that they never bothered to upgrade their hotel to fit in with the rest of the strip. Who cares?I like the fact that it is compact and you really can't get lost.This place is ABSOLUTELY, hands down, the best place to gamble.I've never stayed in their rooms but I can't wait to.
2	It is what it is right?  This place was CHEAP!  I mean, $25 on off nights, $60 Friday, $70 Saturday.  Shared between 4 people... CHEAP!Now, at the same time, I'd say Motel 6 is cheap, but at least it is clean and comfortable.  If something can be economy or skimped on in these rooms they are.  Here were my Top 10 Complaints:1) No toilet seat cover.  4 people in a small room, I was constantly afraid something was going to fall in the toilet.2) Toilet Flushing was scary close to the top of the bowl and drained REALLY slow...3) No thermostat.  Basically you had the option of  "sweat" or "freeze."4) Carpet hadn't been cleaned in....ever?5) The thin metal hangers were welded around the coat rack.  Can I hear a resounding "Ghetto?"6) The whole place is a rat maze.  7) Elevators were slow and constantly breaking.8) The casino air filters were terrible in comparison with that in most other hotels.9) They couldn't put us in a non-smoking room like we requested because they messed up and provided no compensation.10) The view from our "window" (if you can call it a window) was a parking garage...and the whole hotel was dark and dreary.
2	I hate this place. Right when you walk into this hotel, all you smell is a strong cigarette odor. It's unbearable, but they have cheap tables to gamble at. My friend was able to get comped rooms at this hotel. If I had to pay to stay at the place, I would have not stayed here. I think the only nice thing about this place was the area to the back where all the shops were. Our first night at the hotel, we didn't get our rooms cleaned until 10PM! What the heck is up with that? Well, housekeeping came at around 6PM, but we were resting so we told them to come back. I thought housekeeping comes to clean the rooms at like 11AM?? The next morning, we went to the pool and I was super disappointed. The pool was 4 feet deep and was very small. Barely any room to swim around, but I guess the volleyball net made up for the small pool. I'm giving this place an extra star because they have Hash House a Go-Go in here. It's quite amazing since this hotel is pretty beat down, so this restaurant gives the hotel a little boost. Other than that, I hate this hotel. It's old, it stinks, and the amenities suck.
2	What a dump!  But hey, it was free, basically.  I only had to pay for one night & the other 5 nights were free.  If you are only going to gamble, sleep & party, then this your place.  The pool isn't that great, the inside is old and dirty, but u get what u pay for.  I didn't even eat at any of the diners at the casino.  All in all, if your a single guy like me, it suits your needs for a cheap price.
1	HORRIBLE. A place so bad I cried in the hotel room!I had my boyfriend coming into town and were both short on money, so I found the cheapest hotel on the strip but since it was a Harrah's property, I wasn't worried. Sometime's you hear "You get what you paid for" quote, but I didn't believe that and I wanted the best for him. Check-In was 40 minutes long, and couldn't believe this was on a sunday. Guess everyone was going the cheap route like us? The hotel room was normal, and of course we didn't need much space so it was cozy but soon as you walk in, it felt like a freezer box! I ran right over to the a/c to turn it off. It was raining outside and Vegas doesn't get a lot of rain so letting the nice rain smell in would make this hotel room so much better but the sliding door wouldn't open, and we had to stick with the hotel room smell.  Staying the night with him, I couldn't get use to the chilly room so I turned on the heat and quickly turned it off when the burnt smell filled the room. I had to open the front door and let it air out for 10 minutes. Made my stomach hurt. When you park in the garage, it's a maze trying to find the hotel elevators. No signs, no arrows pointing you in the direction, and when you do see the sign, it's right on top of the elevator. So what was the point of the sign anyway, when you already made it there? One elevator was functioning so we waited 5 minutes for one and when it did come it was full of people, so we would have to wait for second one which we didn't and just found some stairs to go down. Luggage and all. One time in the guest elevators we were going to the lobby and had a full elevator of people. Once on the level the doors on the elevator jammed and they had to forcefully open them to get out. So the next night around 10pm we decided to take the stairs again without even trying to find the elevators, because we parked somewhere different everytime. We found some stairs that we thought were the one's, we took the first time but weren't and ended up on the first level with hotel rooms outside. It was sooo scary being on this level outside in a back alleyway! I was freaking out and couldn't believe this was the same hotel. We found an outside elevator that got us to the second level which had more outside rooms and a door near the stairs where you had to use your roomkey to get back in. Once in the hotel again, I was so angry that rooms would even exist on those ground levels. Who want that kind of danger!?? Vegas isn't a friendly place, and anything could occur back there with no security near. Once back into the room, I cried from being so upset I had picked this hotel for my boyfriend to stay in. I felt horrible, and I will never look back at this hotel.
2	Only reason we stayed here was because a friend got comped room from gambling. I repeat, this is the only reason you should ever be here. We arrived at 7am and were told we could not check in until 9am, which is understandable. There were 7 of us, so we tried to book an additional room for the day until we were told it would be $160 for the room, and could not check in until 4pm. This was ridiculous considering the quality of the hotel, and the fact  that it was a tuesday morning. (I called circus-circus and got a rate of $80). We ended up upgrading our comped room for the penthouse for $140. The interior decorations are cheesy and dated, with a tacky "asian" theme.  For some reason, I did not get the usual  feeling of excited anticipation you get when you press the PH elevator button in a las vegas hotel. When we got off on our floor, they were undergoing renovations and there were tiles hanging off the ceiling, debris on the carpets, etc. The room itself was okay. Spacious, with 2 bedrooms, a bar area, living room, and slept 7 comfortably. However, I've seen better bathrooms in a motel 6. Just a toilet and a tiny stall shower in each one. The balcony was a joke! it was made of concrete, quite dirty and overlooked the parking lot. In the end, the service is what bothered me the most. The staff was very lazy; we went  to the concierge to ask them to send some things to our room but she was too lazy to do it so she asked us to go to our room and call down! In addition, we wanted some hot water to make instant noodles and they wanted to charge us $6. Thats right, $6 for a thermos of hot water! Stay clear away from this place, unless you get a comped room. If that's the case then just stick it out and spend most your time at the other hotels like we did.
3	The goodRooms are cheap and the one we got had been renovated. Its on the strip and easy drunk walking from hotel to hotel. Gambling is cheaper so that was awesome. There is a club called the Rockhouse which is open till 4am awesome. The BadThe building is old. The elevator hands fell off. lolIt was very confusing getting around. 2 elevators to get into the hotel. 2 elevators to get to our room. Ice Makers were broken and you had to take 2 elevators to get to them. Lol Overall review is its a nice hotel for the price we paid. Totally worth it for men because you can stumble around the strip walking because its planted perfectly in the middle and its affordable.
1	You mean Hawaiian Palace? Worst service ever! There is a reason why it's Cheap...First of all the front desk worker was so rude when we were checking in. When we called the front desk to ask a question the person was so rude and did not fully answer my question and when I tried to call back it took years for them to answer the phone. The bathrooms don't lock. We thought that the toilet had leftover feces but it was just rust, which is worst coz the fact that the toilet had no seat cover, we might get tetanus from it being rusty. The carpet looked like it has not been vacuumed and shampooed for years. There were dried up boogers/mucus all over the window. When taking a shower, the water drained really slow...Good luck with waiting for an available elevator, it's too slow to the point it always get's packed. Therefore, you will have to wait for the next one, which will take about almost an hour. Don't even think about taking the stairs, coz it smells like someone urinated on all floors...I will never book a room at this hotel again....
3	Ok..I have stayed here 2 years in a row for RollerCon to hang with my derby friends for their convention.I made sure to get one of the big 2 room suites which is much nicer than the regular room...which are nothing great.We had a big living room with a bar with 4 barstools and and a table & chairs. The bedroom was huge with a bathtub that could fit 10 people..and yes I have pics to prove that. LOLIt was the best party room for sure. As for the hotel..its old and the elevators are horrible.I did like the dealer-tainers and we had way to much fun in the karaoke bar.The pool is small but it didn't matter cuz whenever you get 1000 derby girls there's a party.I was glad that RollerCon moved to the Tropicana in 2010.So if you stay here get a suite..I could give our room 4 stars..but everything else gets 3 stars.
2	This place has 2 things going for it. 1.) Location. It's on the strip, across the street from Cesar's Palace pretty much in the dead center of the strip.2.) It's cheap, pretty much the cheapest on the strip consistently.That being said, there is a reason it's cheap and has such a great location.If someone tells you it's been renovated then I'm just plain scared of what it was like before. The carpet is loose and bunched up. None of the freaking ice machines work and in hindsight I think that might've been a blessing. The toilets don't have solid covers on the top, the bowl is always exposed.The TVs are CRTs which I think it ridiculous for 2010 in Vegas but I'm told the Bellagio is the same. I guess they want you to have few reason's to say in but come on, it's Vegas.The furniture is old and tacky, the beds are antiquated and not in a good way.The place has a run down vibe, not necessarily dirty, but definitely run down.Now I understand that the economy is in a recession and that revamping these places is expensive but I think this place would pop with some changes. Give the hotel a face lift. People need to feel good about their hotel. Keep the Japanese theme but go with ultra modern, beds low to the floor or sticking out of the wall. Use the Japanese textures, rice paper walls can be simulated with a good paint job and some wall paneling. Change the frigging carpet for the love of god.As for the Casino, what a confused mess. First off, no karaoke! Or at least that I saw, advertise your shows better. Who cares about Frank Marino and his cross dressing man show?! Kick that shit over to the Flamingo or something. Ginseng 3...over priced Chinese food. Get an awesome sushi chef and have one of the best sushi restaurant's on the the strip! Have the cocktail waitresses dress like Japanese school girls. Have the dealers wear kimono's, and the pit bosses suits with sunglasses like Yakuza with the floor manager wearing a white jacket. There was a Sake bar which I never tried because it never seemed open. Keep the Hash House a Go-Go but change the name. Move the Car Museum or make it have more imports.The problem with the IP is it is so freaking confused that the confusion carries over to those who stay there. And it's only the people that stay there really that visit it, they need to dredge up more business off the street.The entrance is a disaster, most people can't see the actual palace facade at night because the douchey Rok Bar is in the way. Demolish it all, put in a gorgeous Japanese garden and make people walk over a wooden bridge with Japanese lamps, as they watch people pull up to the hotel...that's how it's done!Anyway, recapping. If you just want a place to pass out every afternoon that is cheap and right in the heart of the strip, this place will give you that.
4	I think many people haven't heard the old "you get what you pay for" quote. This is the perfect place to stay at if you're going with a bunch of broke college students (who shouldn't be spending money in Vegas but that's besides the point!). It's in the middle of the strip (right in front of Caesar's) and it's not as bad as many people make it seem to be. Remember, you're in Vegas, you're not going to be in your hotel room for much of the trip! I've stayed at the Mirage and the Venetian and they were a lot nicer than Imperial Palace but it seemed like a waste since we didn't spend that much time in the room. 35 a night (thu/fri) for a place to pre-game and to crash out is perfect! It is what it is, a cheap hotel that's in a great location. People in here must be disappointed that their cheap Kia doesn't perform like a Ferrari.
1	To sum it up.....you get what you pay for. This isn't a hotel it's a motel with a casino in the bottom of it. Maybe we are all suckers once in a while and will pay super low prices for places like the Imperial Palace, but you will leave wishing you paid that little extra to stay elsewhere. Where to start.....The rooms had no closet doors, the toilets had no seat cover, the shower had wear marks from where people's feet have been, the carpet had stains, the room smelled, the carpet in the hallways smelled like vomit and was torn in multiple locations and this was all after I paid an extra $15 a night to "upgrade". I would have actually liked to put money towards a fund to knock the place down.The elevators are the absolute worst thing about this place. Please remember my words and take the stairs, you will get to wherever you are going much faster.   What about the gambling??? The gambling is horrible due to 1. The type of people gambling 2. The dealers and 3. The overall environment. The ONLY good thing I would say about this place is the location. Imperial Palace is located almost dead center of the strip. But honestly, it's not even worth that. Try somewhere else and save yourself the irritation and filth.
1	Old stained rooms for the hotel, smell unfresh, paid in full for twonights, for some reason i was lock out my room on second night after drinking all night, had to deal with frontdesk and security to fix the problem with their screw up at 4am... I probably will never return...
5	Luck be a Lady Gaga tonight! This casino is right next to Rockhouse Bar and I love the concept of dealers dressed up like celebs. I got a pic with Lady Gaga and Rihanna and they were both really friendly. As with all other casinos, they are open 24/7 so if you feel lucky after going out, definitely stop in.I played my very first round of Blackjack on tables and the dealers (no, these were not celeb-ed up) were really helpful and taught me the signs for playing the tables.Also the price to play required pretty low bets. The first table I sat at was only $10 to play and the second was just $5 minimum.  I won $10 at the first table and then went to the second table, put in $20 and came out with $50! (And then after that, I made myself stop. Lol.) Next time I'll make sure to show my Po-Po-Po-Poker Face!
5	Just stayed at this hotel.$30 total for 1 night taxes included.How can anyone complain with that price?Vegas goes a little something like this... unless you plan to party hard and get pissed drunk in your room there is absolutely NO reason for you to pay over $100 a night (weekday prices of course). Seriously, you are basically spending 5-6 hours sleeping in a stupid bed so who cares which stupid bed in which stupid hotel it's in? If you are thinking "I want a clean hotel, in a clean room" sorry to break the news to you buddy, NO such place exist.This place is great because it is in the middle of ALL the action. I say all of this and Imperial Palace put my friend and I in this haunted a$$ looking empty basement. It was at the way bottom floor and I felt like I was in the movie The Shinning minus the fancy hotel. My only complaint is that you will have HUGE trouble finding your room. Once you enter you might not find your way out, we had a security guard take us to our room because we were lost.I guess what I'm trying to say is... when you go to Vegas don't lose your money paying for an expensive room, lose your money on the craps table like the rest of us normal folks.
2	Most of what I have read here is pretty accurate, and, yes, you get what you pay for,BUT- one really good thing about the IP is that for NFL fans, on NFL Sundays, they open up the theater and put MANY huge screen tv's up so you can literally watch EVERY single play of every single game all day long - great-looking waitresses serve alcohol and you can get cheap food, too.  Not a bad place at all to watch the games, especially if you have money on lots of games.
2	+1 star for location +1 star for priceThis place sucks. Its old, it's dirty, it smells funny. But it's $30 A night. Can't beat that. What can a poor...er, unemployed semi-recent grad do? We got a room with double beds, both of them were horrible, very hard to sleep on. The drain in the shower doesn't work at all, when my friend called the front desk they were quick to send someone up to fix it, but the problem was never solved.
1	If your goal is to simply get to Vegas and spend money everywhere but your hotel, then Imperial palace is your hot spot. The celebrity impersonators all look like heroine addicts and the elevators smell like vomit. Each floor smells of weed and all strip centered rooms are extremely loud and still bad. Your average motel six beats this place badly. The bars and buffets are so bad you wouldn't even consider them dives. If you need to do Vegas cheap go to Golden Nugget or Excalibur. NEVER STAY AT THE IP!!!!!!
4	The last 3 times i've gone to Vegas i've stayed at the IP and really can't complain. Sure it's outdated and not the most aesthetically pleasing of all the Vegas hotels, but it's center strip and ridiculously cheap. For broke college students/recent grads it makes trips to Vegas possible. We only use the room to pre-party and pass out so why should we pay $100 each to stay somewhere else? I have also had the sense to not bother going to their buffet or restaurants for food, or to the pool. We just go to one of the nicer hotels for that stuff, some, like the Flamingo or even some restaurants at Caesar's Palace aren't expensive to eat or drink and it's next door. If I decide to take a trip to Vegas with just my boyfriend, then yes we would probably splurge a little more to stay in a classy hotel. I would definitely recommend the IP if you're on a budget, the staff is very friendly and has always been attentive if we needed something.
3	This place has good things going for it in terms of prices and location, but if you're expecting a place that is not out-of-date, clean, and whore-free, you're in for a stunning disappointment.  Whores abound, piss and puke smells lurk behind every corner, and the staff has a consistent "mercy kill me asap" look on their faces.  The elevators are a nightmare, and if you stay on the wrong side of the hotel, you might expect to take a 20 minute walk to get to your lodgings.  The bar staff is hit and miss, for while some are very generous and courteous, the other side of that coin is rocking that "kill me" look and attitude most of the time.  If you're looking for a place to party your ass off and crash a meager 5-6 hours, and don't mind a room that looks like a place somebody would go to kill themselves, then this is your place.  No joke: it is cheap, and has great location on the strip.  Other than that, you might avoid so as to dodge the "kill me" sentiment that seems to bleed into its patrons.
4	Stayed here in August. The room was great. The view from my room was really good. easy to get around to the rest of the strip since it was on the middle. The staff was really nice. I would stay again
1	this place sucks! everywhere you go has the smell of cigarette smoke, even in your room! the ceiling was leaking water, ventilation was crap, floors in the room were stained and nasty, and it's a damn maze just to find your room.
3	Probably the best thing about this place is the location, it's very central on the strip. I have to say though I was disappointed that it didn't have more of an Asian theme, that would have been nice (even just some decor other than on the room doors).The floor was fairly active all night and the dealers were cool.The pool is not so great, kind of small and sad in fact.The rooms were fine and fair priced.
5	just stayed here again... got in about 0830a... too early to check in. the girl said to come back in an hour to see if she can work something out... we placed a couple bets at the sports book, had a couple drinks, played a little bit, came back... BOOM! room available, pool view, high floor. Excellent. now, i know i'm no high roller. i'm not expecting this same type of treatment if i were staying across the street, but, i definately appreciate the accomodation. OH! and i paid $0 for this room this time. YEAYAH! this is the best psuedo high roller place to stay at. i love it.
3	ok. ok. I'm a sucker for $3 minimum bet craps and really fast drink service +1 starOh, and the big wheel of fortune game is slightly wobbly and off-balance. ::COUGHbetonthetensCOUGH::
2	I wasn't too impressed with this place but it wasn't a horrendous experience either.  We booked this hotel as a part of our university group trip to the Hoover Dam and we stopped over in Vegas just because it was so close.  Since we were working with a student budget we decided to stay at the cheapest place on the Strip.  I was expecting the worst since a lot of these Yelp reviews are pretty negative but the room really wasn't horrible.  It was equivalent to a Super 8, I'd say.  The worst part was that I booked my group reservation through Harrah's entertainment (that was the page I was directed to when I went to "group bookings") and the payment went smoothly but when we got to the front desk of the Imperial Palace they told me that no reservation information was sent to them and I should "relax and go grab a beer because it was going to take awhile to key all of the cards".   I was told this when I had 60 people sitting on a tour bus who woke up at 5 AM to kayak in the Hoover Dam.  Unbelievable!  I realize this entire situation was not the Imperial Palace's fault but if you are going to outsource your group business to another company then you better be checking up with them to make sure you aren't messing up reservations for 32 rooms!If you're looking for a cheap place to stay and you only need one room, this place may not be that bad but don't bother if you are going to book a group trip...
1	JUST PLAIN GROSS! I was looking to book a cheap room on the strip, last minute for a relative who was visiting and wanted to go to Vegas. Since I was paying I had to get something cheap. It was only for the weekend, one night only. I figured, how bad can it be? Check in was a nightmare. Waited in line for about 45 min just to find out the room wasn't ready. Had to come back and make another line just to get the key. Horrible! The elevators felt like a death trap. On my way back I took the stairs. Not worth the risk. Walked in to our rooms and the floors creaked, the beds were very uncomfortable, and it smelled dirty. As if a homeless person had stayed there. Ugh!!!! The room has a balcony with a view of the very ugly pool. I'm guessing the balcony is for those who want to jump out because of the horrible rooms. Really no point in complaining because they don't really care. Just plain gross! Dirty, dirty, dirty. Don't stay here no matter how cheap the rooms are - sleep in your car . . . . you'll be much more pleased, I promise! Better yet, stay at a motel 6. The service has just as bad.The casino was just as bad. I didn't even feel like gambling here. Good thing there are several other casinos nearby. The only pro about this place is the location.
3	They say when you stay in Vegas it isn't about how nice your room is, its all about location.If that were completely true this would be a 5 star review.The good:The location is awesome!  Its right behind Harrah's and there is a Vegas monorail stop right behind the hotel.  A family member bought my wife and I a room here for our recent Vegas wedding....it was totally central to everything we wanted to do.They take change!  Most casinos only take lose quarters that they will exchange for cash but here at the Imperial they take all your change.  I do not know about pennies but they take everything else.  No having to pay Coinstar to count your change for Vegas money.  The bad:Most confusing layout EVER.  Seriously the escalators, stairways, pathways all lead a different place.  When you get off the elevator at one location it does not even look like it should be the casino level.  You know you have to go around the corner because someone has penciled in the word "casino" above the floor sign with an arrow pointing to go around the corner.  The hotel itself could be cleaner..the hallway carpets are gross.  I do not know, maybe they could use some carpet cleaning.  They are dirty and have stains everywhere.Our in-room air conditioner kept randomly not working.  It would be halfway decent for a while and then sometimes at night it would start blowing hot air.  Not the best when you are in Vegas.  When we were checking in we asked the woman for a view of the Strip and all she said was "oh thats really noisy on that side" and gave us a view of the air conditioners overlooking the pool.  I understand if you do not want to give us a Strip view but find a better excuse.  Vegas is always noisy...you do not come for the peace and quiet.  This hotel is part of the Harrah's family of casinos...I think it falls victim to one of my main complaints which is that the big chains should put a little money into their older casinos for a change instead of building new ones.  This is a prime example.:0)
1	i have no idea how we ended up here.  but i guess we had to be drunk enough to check into this place.ok. thank my boyfriend for getting the deluxe room which they ended upgrading it to the penthouse. coz otherwise it'd be HORRIBLE. the penthouse on the top floor made it bearable to stay for one drunk night.o gawd where do i start? the midwest hillbillies or the worst decorations from the 70's?? or the elevator which makes you feel like you're about to die on?you know what. this place doesn't even deserve me spending time to review in detail.but yeah. i'm not a picky person. a place like treasure island or mgm would do. but imperial palace made me feel so violated. i would never, ever stay here again.
1	This review is for the idiot valets. Imperial was our last stop before heading back to LA and what happens? The valet messed up all the stuff in the car and the small coolers in the back spilled over which got the seats all wet. The valet guy gets out of the car and says oh, there's stuff spilled over in the back. He says that we should be more careful about placing things in the back since the valet guys drive the cars like maniacs. SERIOUSLY? That's what you have to say?Ok. Whatever.Then he finally feels bad, brings over a towel to help soak up the water and ice, and then I notice that the towel has oil looking stains on the towel. GREAT. Now the seats have some weird stains on the seats which I'm sure were from the towels.Thanks guys. You suck.
4	what a steal. awesome room and location. right on the strip. cheap, cheap, cheap rates. it was very quiet..in the rooms. with all the halloween festivities, we weren't woken by any late night shenanigans. the staff was super friendly and attentive. all we needed was a shower and comfy beds (and silence at night) and Imperial Palace has all of it. why spend so much for a fancy hotel if you're gonna be out on the strip or gambling all day and night?and the Palace has 2 very excellent in-house restaurants (reviews to come) for a great price, so unless you're into simply blowing your money on things other than gambling and hookers, you absolutely cannot beat Imperial Palace. we didnt try the pool or spa or their buffet. but we did use the concierge...extremely helpful...and the bus boys were more than willing to go out of their way to accomodate pretty much anything else we needed handling. did i mention the location? absolutely killer!
3	Location - 5 StarsBalcony - 5 StarsThe room was clean and didn't have a funky smell (refer to my Flamingo review). AND - the room had a balcony! You know how awesome a balcony is in Vegas?! Location is amazing on the strip. Takes 2 minute walk to the elevators too. The room was super simple. TV was tiny.Other than Hash House A-GO-GO I wouldn't eat here. Casino ain't pretty either. Pool was basic. If you're looking for a cheap place to crash on the strip that doesn't smell bad, this worked for me and should work for you.
1	Would someone please buy this place and knock it down already. It's a dinosaur that's clearly just holding on to it's premium spot on the strip waiting for MGM or Las Vegas Sands to buy them out and put up a nice place to stay. If you like pretending your back in 1970 then this place might be for you.
4	In Las Vegas (to me anyways), a hotel room is a place where you lay your head for only 3.5 hours per night, so for me, it doesn't have to be fancy. The fact that this hotel is super cheap AND walking distance to; The Venetian, The Bellagio, Caesars Palace, Wynn, Encore, The Fashion Show Mall, Harrah's, The Flamingo, Paris, City Center, is MORE than enough reason to stay here.I called Imperial Palace to check room rates, only to find out that I'm eligible for the three free nights. WOOOHOOOO! I guess all that gambling paid off! No, but seriously, this hotel is cheap, it's close to all the action on the strip, it's close to cheap drinks and cheap eats (the hotel JUST to the south of it, O'Shea's), and parking is pretty simple.Imperial Palace is in the "Harrah's Family" of hotels, meaning, your players card works at all the hotels, which includes; Ballys, Caesars, Flamingo, Imperial Palace, Harrah's, Paris, Planet Hollywood, and last but not least, Rio. What does all that mean? It means you play at all those resorts with the same players card, and use those points towards comps and free rooms!We stayed in room 942 in tower #3, which, to my surprise, had a walk-on balcony, which I think was a first for me in Vegas. Our room was awesome, simple, and to the point. I'd even ask for the same room number next time, if it's available.I'm definitely a fan.
1	This place is depressing, the casino floor is weak, the rooms are crammed and smells like toilet water. If it was located in the "old strip" it would be pretty awesome because the rest of that place is shit too.
1	This place reeks of desperation. With our Buffet of Buffets pass, we decided to try their dining room. I felt sad sitting in their outdated facilities eating school cafeteria food. We lasted there a few minutes and then decided to hightail it out of there for a happier eating experience.
1	Disgusting!! I would rather stay in a Motel 6 then stay in this casino. First off the staff were really rude and unprofessional, second: the rooms look like they're from the 60's with stained carpets and grimed wallpaper, and last but not least the entire casino smelt like a convalescent home even in non smoking sections. I will never step foot in this place again and recommend you don't either
3	Starting rating 3 stars.  Plus one for central strip location, minus one for congested walkway through casino.  Plus one for monorail access, minus one for Rockhouse.  Plus one for cheap rooms, minus one for room design from 70's and never updated.  Plus one for cheap drinks, minus one for tiny casino. All in all this place is a wash, but until they knock it down I will continue to stay here every other time I come to Sin City.
2	Imperial Palace is part of the Harrah's chain of hotel casinos. This hotel was suppose to be demolished and re-built but due to the sluggish economy the renovation never happened.Imperial Palace is one of the older and more run down properties on the strip. It's so easy to get free comped rooms here that all you have to do is look at a slot machine.Don't play Blackjack here though. The limits are low at $5 but the dealer hits on a soft 17 and blackjacks pay 6:5 last time I was here. Unless you're not that bright and enjoy those odds, walk to a nearby hotel for a fair game.All in all Imperial Palace rooms are clean and basic. Anywhere else they would be a decent hotel, but this is Vegas. If your room doesn't have any glitz or at least a flat screen TV you're not having a real Vegas experience.I recommend only staying at the Imperial Palace only if you can't get rooms comped anywhere else and/or rates are through the roof because of a convention or something.
1	Thank God!! My wife and I booked two-day stay at this dump hotel. The room we book was a Capri with two double beds. The room we were assigned to by the hotel representative claiming to be one of the best Capri room on the fifth floor. When I opened the room door it had such a bad smell, Carpet had urine stains and had couple of used condoms near bed. It's a shame that the house keeping did not see this. The bathroom has mould stains. Finally, I called the hotel management and complained and demanded to be moved to a more suitable room or I would contact the Nevada Health Department with prove of pictures taken from camera. DO NOT STAY AT THIS DUMP HOTEL UNLESS YOU ARE HOMELESS. THIS IS ONE OF THE HARRIS CASINO PROPERTIES AND PICTURES ARE VERY DECEIVING. This hotel does not have a decent night club!!We finally moved after two days stay to Ceasers Palace, not too far from this dump hotel.
2	I've stayed here twice once in 2010 and once in 2008. I hate it, but location wise this hotel is amazing! It's in the middle of the strip so it's minutes away from the Venetian and less than 5 minutes away from the forums and fashion island (shopping). Ventilation in the older hotels are shitty since you can smell all the cigarette smoke, and that's defiantly the case here. I do however like the performance they have in the middle of the casino with impressionist dressed and singing as diana ross and elvis. Rooms are reno level and not vegas status, it's like 3 star hotel level. The only reason I've stayed here twice is because the rooms during New Years were only $50 since my uncles a high roller. If you stay here stay in your room as least as possible and just come back to pass out! Better yet stay somewhere else and do it big, I mean it is Vegas!
3	To start this off, I am a college student and decided to take a two night stay at the Imperial Palace with my boyfriend. After reading reviews from tripadvisor and yelp, the best advice I took (and would love to pass on) is to expect the worse and be surprised.Harrah's was running a packaged deal, where staying two nights include two buffet of buffet passes. After selecting the package online, I booked a Capri room for December 9th and check out on the 11th for a grand total of $130.19 -- not bad, right? It's like $25/night and $40 for the 24 hr pass (btw, my boyfriend and I ate at 5 different buffets within the 24 hr limit. making it less than $10 for a vegas buffet).Twenty days later, I arrive in Vegas (woohoo) after taking my last final and wait in line to check-in at 5pm [the line for a Thursday night doesn't seem that bad, btw]. During the check-in process, I considered telling the person behind the counter that I'm there for my birthday (lol, I just recently turned 21) in hopes to get an awesome upgrade free of charge. Just so you know, I didn't mention the occasion, but as she was giving me the key cards and directions to my room, I was given an upgrade anyway! In all seriousness, she said all the Capri rooms were full and moved me to a 'luxury room' =D. Being the person that I am, I did want to question the fact why I booked the Capri room in advance and wasn't given it =-\ (but why ruin the nice gesture, duh!)As I made my way to my room at tower 3 [location of the secret elevators], I expected a long wait to get inside the cage and for it to move super slow -- not the case at all. After following the hallway, I easily found my room. Unfortunately, when I arrived in the Deluxe room, housekeeping didn't service my room, yet. Not a big deal, I was going downstairs to play a few tables anyway.When I returned to the room with my boyfriend, the room was a typical standard room -- nothing special, nothing out of the ordinary. After he took his shower, I asked how well the water drain and he said it didn't flood at all. When I take my showers, I want to make sure the water is warm from the spout before I run it through the shower head. Surprisingly enough, the tub began to flood . . .. until I turned on the shower head (so that's a little tip for you, only run the water through the shower head -- running the water through the spout makes it flood)The room balcony faced an alley and a few hotels in the corner. With that being said, I didn't have the loud music playing 'til 4 in the morning. Overall, Imperial Palace is not a terrible hotel to stay in since you're barely in the room. It's been said by others and I'll say it myself: If you're looking for a place to sleep and shower, Imperial Palace is the way to go.To sum this up [based on what I experienced versus the reviews I read on tripadvisor and yelp]:1. Free upgrade possibility [true]2. Long wait to check in [false]3. Long wait for the elevator [false]4. Slow moving elevator [false]5. Small holes in bed sheets [true]6. Shower drain always clogged [false]7. Flat pillows [false]8. Confusing journey to find room [false]9. No lid for the toilet [true]10. Thin towels [false]I'm not saying what other people experienced wasn't true. It's more of the matter that not everyone will have the same experience. Especially since I went on an off season. So don't turn away from the Imperial Palace based on the bad reviews you come across.
1	When the building boom does start again in Las Vegas, I would guess that this place will be one of the first to be imploded.Advantage is it's location - pretty much central to the Strip and about the cheapest place you'll find to stay. The casino is nothing special, the rooms are the pits and in poor repair and the elevators take an eternity to arrive - and when they do they're often packed with guests.The incident that soured me on this place was when I used their "free" golf course referral service, which at the time required that I send a fax to the office that supported this program to confirm my tee time. All was fine until I discovered that the Business Center charged me $10 for the fax, and would not refund it. I had dumped a pile of money in their casino, and they choose to nickel and dime me with fax charges? Never again!
3	Honestly, it's an okay hotel.  The best part of it is that it is centrally located on the strip.  It's across the street from Caesar's Palace and next to Harrah's.The rooms are fine.  They are not the best.  The TV's haven't been replaced in a while and you can tell since they are not flat screen.The people cleaning the rooms were very sweet and gave me a new set of towels even though I had a "Do Not Disturb" sign up.  I met her in the hallway and made an exchange.  Towels for a few dollars tip which she thanked me for.I do want to try the buffet card you can get.  It's less than $50 AND you can go to 7 buffets under the Harrah's umbrella for 24 hours.  I didn't get to do it this time because I knew I had to go to dinner at a Cafe de Lux within the 24 hours I was in town, thus making the card less valuable.  But I'm going to be a fatty next time I'm in town and try to check out all 7.
2	Buffet 0.5/5Casino 2/5Dealertainers 3.5/5Divas show 4/5Set up of show room 2/5Clientele 2/5Overall 2/5
4	Okay, here's the deal. Typically when I go to Vegas, I stay at the MGM, Venitian, Palazzo, etc... you get the idea.  Randomly on a whim, we were invited to spend a low-key weekend in Vegas, so we decided to stay at Imperial Palace.  Our friends reccomended it for it's location and price, and despite some bad reviews, we figured we'd give it a shot.Perks:- CLEAN ROOM- despite negative reviews, our room was clean and did not smell like smoke or anything gross. Comfy bed, no issues with the blankets, pillows or sheets like other reviews stated-AMAZING LOCATION - we got a room on the 15th floor overlooking Carnival Court.  We wanted to party all night so we didn't mind the loud (and I mean LOUD) music playing til 4am.-BALCONY- our room had a balcony. Small, but great for taking photos, character watching, or smoking a cigarette -CHARACTER IMPERSONATORS- all of the dealers at the tables were character impersonators (Ke$ha, Lady Gaga, Slash, etc). Not only did they deal, but they all rotated shifts standing on a center platform and singing a karaoke song-COUPON BOOKS - upon checking in, you recieve great coupon books with awesome deals. Got their buffet breakfast for $8.  Not the best food in the world, but great for curing a hangover-REASONABLE DRINK RATES - prices were very reasonable for drinks.  They also serve cheap beer pitchers-FRIENDLY STAFF - the bartenders, security, etc were very friendly and accomodating. No issues there. -PRICE - We booked last minute the weekend before Christmas and our rooms cost $27 per night. Can't beat that!! Cons / Things you might find annoying:- OLD SCHOOL - if you are looking for one of the new flashy modern casinos, this is not for you. Your room is very basic, there is no fancy flat screen tv or granite countertops. IP is in need of new carpets and scenery, but that is also it's appeal. It's very low key and a great place to just cut loose. I mean, who goes to Vegas to stay in their room all night? lol-SCARY ELEVATORS - okay, I'll admit it. We got stuck in an elevator in tower 5 for 20 minutes! We were with a great group, and were carrying 2 drinks each, so we made it through the 20 minute 'shut in' and laughed it off. AND, I must say, the security people stayed on the phone with us the whole time and were really friendly when they got us out.Overall, we had a really great experience. We are definately going to go back and stay there again- on the 15th floor overlooking Carnival Court!  I wouldn't reccomend this for a one-on-one romantic get-away- but if you are looking for a safe, clean, inexpensive place to stay with an amazing location, this is for you.  It's a great deal. If you are a laid back funloving open minded person like me, this will be great.  If you are looking for a fancy club scene- then pay for it! lol
3	I had many reservations about staying here this past weekend, but my co-workers who are all boys wanted to stay somewhere cheap and in the middle of the strip so I took the plunge. Got a pretty decent package for like $35 a night for the deluxe room so that is much cheaper than what I usually spend.We arrived and got our ticket from the valet to wait on the check in line. I think we got in at around 9pm on Friday and there was a bit of a line but I don't think we waited for more than 10 minutes so it wasn't anything crazy. The girl at the front desk was super nice and told us that we could switch our rooms since the only available non-smoking kind was above the night club and could get noisy so we did. We were in Towers 1&2 (I did read on alot of reviews to stay away from the Capri rooms due to the shady location and noise level) - my room was on the 5th floor and I was very surprised. It was clean and no frills but better than a Motel 6 or Super 8 would be like if that is any time of help.One of the guys did end up getting a complimentary upgrade to a suite which was pretty decent for what we paid. All of our rooms had little balcony's if you could call them that.Tubs had poor drainage, and toilet seats had no covers which were weird. They did have a hair dryer which I was not expecting and alot of towels and even some toiletries. The heating and cooling unit is very old and dated and I noticed that I sneezed when I first got in there, one thing I learned from staying in so many hotels for work is those things don't ever really get changed so it's dusty. I forgot to bring my Lysol to spray it down but I just opened the balcony slider and it was fine, I didn't spend much time in the room anyways so you can't beat that location for that price.
5	Seriously.  The people giving this terrible reviews are just expecting way too much for what they pay for.We just stayed 9 nights (12/10-12/18) at IP.  We paid just over $300 for a deluxe room, just over $30 a night.  We got a strip view (could see Monte Carlo, Cosmopolitan, Bellagio, Ceasers, Harrah's, Mirage, TI from our 10th floor balcony (very cool).Our room wasn't much, but it was very clean and housekeeping did a great job all week.  They give you plenty of clean towels and washclothes.  The shower drained a bit slow at times but for the most part wasn't a problem at all.Our room was 2 doors down from the elevator (which worked just fine and wasn't slow like a lot of people are complaining about).The walking distance to both the strip and the Monorail from our room was virtually non-existent.The casino is small and didn't have many slot machines that my wife was interested in, but we weren't planning on staying around the hotel that much anyways.We did the buffet only once and it was breakfast.  We had a 2 for 1 and it was fine for what we paid ($14.03 for 2 buffets).Matsuri was awesome!You can't beat the central strip location for the price.Perfect hotel for what we were looking for.If you are looking for luxury, book a hotel with a luxury price, don't be stupid.  You aren't going to find luxury here, but you aren't paying for luxury here either.Would stay here again without hesitation!
3	Pros:- Cheap rate: $28/night for Wednesday and Thursday night- Location: Close to the strip, right across from Cesar's Palace. Walkable to the Bellagio, Venetian, etc.- Free parking- Clean rooms. Great job with housekeeping- Quiet- Staff was quite friendly, especially front desk staffCons:- Casino smelled horrible (more than just the second hand smoke floating around)- Stayed in tower 4 (Capri). A trek from the lobby to the tower and actual room.- No free internet (not atypical for hotel's in Vegas)- Very small TV (one of those ones you have in your dorm room because they don't take up that much space)
3	Definitely not the place to impress your lady...The rooms are standard and OK, not fancy, never had breakfast there..;there's a Starbucks around the corner to Harrahs... as I am only going to Vegas for CES and to work...i'm only going to my room to take a shower and sleep...so...for me it's OK.I onece spend one night in the Venetian...wow that's heaven compared to this...but ...it's 5 times more expencive..;fair deal
4	This place is great.considering the price, no resort fees, no deposit, no problems checking in..i would say A+but yes, the rooms are dinky. They dont smell as bad as i had expected either, and were pretty clean. The rooms also didnt have a coffee machine, fridge or safe. The staff was very nice.*Not the place to go on your honeymoon, thats for sure..but was a GREAT cheap room for the weekend!
3	So, my friends and I got this ridiculous deal on Expedia that included four nights' stay at Imperial Palace and roundtrip tickets from SF for $57 total. Yes, $57 for hotel and plane tickets! Anyway, since our package came with each of us having a room at Imperial Palace, we decided to see if we could combine four of our rooms for one night in the Love Tub room (if you don't know what that is, check it out!). One of my friends really wanted it for some odd reason. We were already checked into our other room at Bally's, so we had nothing to lose. So, we approached this young man at the front desk, hoping to be able to trade our four rooms for the Love Tub room, but he wouldn't budge. No amount of joking or flirting could persuade him, haha! Anyway, he was a good sport, so I appreciate that. I didn't really venture into Imperial Palace, but it has a pretty cool theme overall. I'd like to take a look at that Love Tub room next time I'm here though!
1	Stayed here during NYE, and as you Vegas goers know, prices sky rocket and increases faster than the world's birth rate. Located right in the center of the strip and behind Rockhouse. The bathroom was disgusting, the floor was dirty, the heater released a blast of mold smell when turned on. Furthermore, their blankets are paper thin. C'mon man! To think you'd give thicker sheets when it's 33 degrees outside!!? They have 5 different towers, which means they have elevators that are designated for each tower. We stayed in tower 5, and 1 out of 3 elevators were working, which meant having to wait in line to go up to your hotel room. DEF. NO. GO.
4	Comfortable bed - check.Central location - check.Decent view - check.Easy check-in/check-out - check.Dirt cheap - check.If you're coming here to impress your significant other - don't.  If you're coming here as a place to sleep while you spend money on $300 dinners and $800 coats in Las Vegas - good idea.  :-)One star off for the "no resort fees" but still charging $20/day for the gym.
4	I stayed here in early December and it was worth every penny!This hotel is old, young, fun, smoky and has some of the best people watching in Vegas.If you are a middle-class american between the ages of 25-30, just trying to get smashed in Vegas this your hotel.If you have children, loaded and not in Vegas for fun reasons, you will hate this hotel.The deluxe rooms remind you of a Super 8, I had a room in tower 5 over the Carnival Club, yes, its loud, very loud, till 3am and starts again at 12pm the next day. If your in your room to complain, your fault, I loved it, with the balcony, great for drinking and getting ready in your room, which that is all you should be doing..well....The main bar in the lobby pours a nice 7sec, 4bucks all mixed drinks, can't start your night off any better.They also have Dealertainers, blackjack dealers dressed as celebrities, and bust out in song randomly throughout the night, its awesome. Dolly Parton did me great, 5dollar tables are not bad either.Friends of mine had the hot tube love room and it is nice. Updated room but your balcony is on the side facing the flamingo as to having a club banging with a full view of the strip and mountains.The hotel is nothing special, but its worth the price if your not picky. I've stayed in a lot of hotels in Vegas and the reviews for this do not do justice for this hotel. The staff was great, 15mins to check in with a line on a Friday evening, the room was clean, old but clean.  I will stay here again in April, more money for me to gamble with.
3	Okay! It was me Audrey T. is referring to in her review. I hella wanted the love tub room! That guy did not know what he was missing out on, all i wanted was to trade FOUR rooms which we had already paid for FOUR nights (= 16 individual nights) for ONE night in the love tub room. Unfortunately, it was a no-go. The young gentleman laughed at us (maybe because we were pretty tipsy by then) and said "yeah it's a good deal for us but no". Uhhh wtf? After a while, the guy asked if we wanted to check in to our rooms still to which one of my friends (who shall remain nameless) said "We're never checking in!" and walked out. Initially we planned to try again the next day with another worker but we just gave up after that night.
3	Just your standard cheap hotel. My group of eight got two "deluxe" rooms for three nights, and we each ended up paying around ~$40. The rooms are average, a little on the small side. But we didn't go to Vegas to sleep, so they worked for us. The service is average at best. Calling the front desk always took forever, probably because there were only 2-3 clerks there. Didn't try out any of the restaurants because most were poorly rated. Pros:+ On the strip, 5-10 mins from the Bellagio and the Venetian+ Really cheap+ Close to cheap food (McDonald's, Chipotle, Panda Express)I would stay here again. I'd rather save my money for shows or food.
4	The IP is by no means the nicest or most flashy hotel/casino on the strip, but it's probably the best bang-for-your-buck place in all of vegas. The location is tremendous, right in the heart of the strip, near everything. You can not find a room this cheap right on the strip, I've tried many times! Save your money for the fun stuff and stay at the IP, that's my philosophy. The rooms are pretty standard, most of them have a small balcony which is a nice touch, but other than that, nothing special. The casino is quite fun, they do celebrity look-a-likes, and put on lil shows. Its pretty entertaining. Theres some pretty good (and very cheap) places to eat, but if you want something nicer, the Bellagio is right across the street.Best deal on the Las Vegas strip, hands down!
1	the most disgusting, repulsive, filthy, dishonest, poorly run hotel on the face of the earth. I would not stay here again if I were paid $10000.
4	I first checked out all the reviews for this place and saw a bunch of un-happy remarks. I must have gotten lucky because when we go to the casino to check in there was only one other person in front of us (that took forever asking stupid questions). The concierge was super nice and helpful in directing us to our room, they said they upgraded us from a smaller room because they didn't have the room I paid 80 bucks for (my boyfriend doesn't agree lol)... though the room looked like it had been trapped in the mid 90's (No fridge, wi-fi, service) it was very spacious and clean. The towels were soft and frankly the room was just fine by me, not to mention it was super close to the strip, perfect for a get smashed crawl on the strip. We had great service throughout the hotel finding buffets and hot spots to drink and so fourth. We stayed during December just a week before holiday madness.
3	I came here with a group of 8 of us during a college spring break and for the price it wasn't a bad deal.  I have a Harrah's card so I think our rooms were about 35-40 per night and very good location on the strip.  We had a 2nd floor room that overlooked the pool rather then the strip but that was alright since we spent some time there and it made it convenient for us to throw our cold beers down to friends to enjoy.
3	You know when you watch movies that are shot in Vegas and the casino entrance is beautiful, the decorations are extremely detailed and elaborate, and sexy guys and gals are playing craps? Yeah, not the place folks.Casino: I don't gamble so the tiny casino didn't bug me at all. It did smell of smoke REALLY bad compared to nice spots like Palazzo so I just tried to take as few breaths as possible. Pool: Didn't go to the pool because it was 50 degrees in the day and 30 degrees at night.  Room: It was $46 a night, including taxes AND got 2 free passes to the Buffet of Buffets. For that price I just wanted a toilet and four walls. Room was like a Motel 6; small tv(like 10 channels no HBO or SHO), decent bed(at least it was clean), heat/ac, indoor plumbing. Location: Friggin sweet! Its like a ghetto place near all the cool stuff. Right next to Harrahs and across from Caesars. So glad I canceled my reservations for Excalibur which was far from all the cool spots.
2	Did someone die in my room?I had to make a last minute reservation for a hotel the week of the CES show.  And if I had $500, I would have taken my benjamins elsewhere.  But I didn't so I ended up booking at the once luxurious (in 1973) Imperial palace.When I got there, they only had smoking rooms available.  I figured one night, shouldnt be that bad.  I mean all of vegas smells like smoke.  WRONG.  opened the door and totally could not escape the stale smell that came wafting off the floors and walls.I go in, and the room is dark, lampshade is crooked, and a chair is faced looking outside the balcony which overlooks a parking garage.  I'm pretty sure someone, at least one person, had OD'd in that room. You could feel the history in that place.  Im also sure the linens were hand woven from the lingerie of a thousand dead hookers.  That ish was RIPE.Vegas is vegas, and you probably won't sleep all that much there anyhow, but if you have no other options for a hotel other than IP, find them somehow because this hotel was something else.
2	Very well priced hotel in the middle of the strip. My girlfriend and I was able to get last minute reservations for around 130 / night, not bad. Rooms are standard, small, no special amenities. Gambling here isn't as exciting as other casinos. Good place to stay for a fair price but otherwise no reason to spend time here.
3	No Microwave.No Fridge.WTF. Maybe it was just our cheap-o room. I dunno. It's pretty close to everything and can be considered if you're trying to save money. All our group needed was a place to crash for a couple of days anyway. At least we got that balcony to stare at the closed pool & jacuzzi lol. Check-in line can get kind of long. I think for checkout they just said to leave the keys in the room since we prepaid/booked through Expedia. I don't even understand the 'express checkout' form. P=.
3	The rooms are old and kindy smelly.The beds aren't new and not really soft.The "big bath" is really a big tub and NOT a spa/jacuzzi.The restaurant/dining options are super limited.BUUUUUT...The buy-ins start cheap.The price of a room per night is honestly, UNBEATABLE.The location is amazing, right in the middle of the strip.The drinks are reasonably priced.Overall, not a bad place to stay if you're on a budget and dont plan to spend a whole lot of time in your room. But really, when you're in vegas...why would you chill in your room anyways, right? :D
3	I really like staying here.  The location is awesome, right smack dab in the middle of the Strip.  The rooms are cheap, considering the location (around $70, usually you can get a room for way cheaper too.  Just call vegas.com and ask them what kind of specials they have for Imperial Palace and they always have one).  Yeah, it's not the nicest hotel but it does the job and you really can't beat the location, especially on a budget.  Sometimes you're room might be in the back, where it's outdoor, motel style, but it's all connected to the main hotel and casino (unlike stupid Circus Circus).  And the plus side to having a room out back is that you're closer to the monorail train that goes pretty much up and down the Strip (well, it stops at like 5 or so major hotels on the Strip).  You can buy a day pass and ride anytime.  I've heard that eventually they're going to be tearing down this gem, which makes me sad because you know they're not going to replace it with an equally affordable hotel.  So overall, I like this one of the last remaining old school hotels on the Strip.
1	Review for casino.  Run down, set back from street so a little strange in getting to casino, one side has small walkway, other than that walk in valet driveway to get to place.  Waste of time to even look at.
1	The steakhouse sucks and the service is horrible.I have never met a more rude hostess in my life!!!
5	I stayed here for the MLK weekend. The Imperial had the best rate for the location. The crowd here is very young. Yes...this place is one of the older casino/hotels but it's still in the heart of it all. The Imperial has an edgy feel to it though. I love the dealertainers! You can play the tables with celebrity impersonators. Not that I have partaken in that since I'm a video poker whore......But it's always nice to walk by something that puts a smile to your face. :) There is also some lip-syncing acts on the casino floor with some of them that's pretty entertaining as well and....... its free. Love free entertainment! This place is easily 4 stars for me because of the price, location, games, and hotel registration. Why I added the 5th star? Well...I had a minor incident while I was here. I tend to have episodes when I'm on the verge of fainting or I just faint all together. It hits me quick and within a minute ........ I have to sit or lie down. It was about 2 in the morning and I knew I was on the verge of just collapsing. I found the nearest chair on the casino floor and sat down with my head hanging low. The place was still really noisy with people having fun. I was scared and alone. I didn't know what to do and prayed I wouldn't be embarrassed and faint . Then .... I heard a sincere manly voice asking if I was okay. His name was Steve. He was a security guard. He asked me questions...... "Do you feel like your gonna faint?... Did you drink any alcohol? When was the last time you drank water?" The last question was the kicker......since I didn't drink water or liquids the last couple of hours and I was jumping from one casino to another.   He was sweet and got me some water, and stayed with me till I felt better.    He even tracked down my mother. I felt safe and I started to feel better. I eventually felt okay enough to go back to my room.   Steve is the 5th star.  People like that are always what can make a place great.    Watching out for others in a place that one can easily be ignored or overlooked.  STARCURITY is what that is.   :)    The Imperial just has a great staff of employees here.  In the snack shop, the gift shops, front desk and waitresses.    I will definitely be back.
4	Well....IP...how to describe you to someone who has not had the "pleasure" yet. I wouldn't go as far as to say that the IP is a "hidden gem", but I wouldn't also say it is a dump. The IP is one of the older property's on the strip and is probably still up because it makes so much money they can't afford to tear it down and rebuild. I have stayed here several times and have never been disappointed, but I knew what to look for going in. If you have never gone to the IP, then you may be in for a bit of a surprise as it is one of the "harder" to get to locations. There is an in and an out driveway on the strip but they are easily missed. I recommend attacking the parking from the rear? Being an "older" location does show thru in some of the rooms, as this last trip I moved rooms a few times and was shown a variety of room levels. I started off with a hot tub suite (damn right!) which was pretty cool...Although the "hot tub" was literally a GIANT bathtub, but there was no way my ass was going into that tub! The room was large and nicely appointed with a new LG flat screen, although the mirrors above the bed were a bit to get used to. I then moved to a standard room, which was an older room as it had visibly worn carpet and a TV that must have been 8in by 5in!This place is kind of a "hub" in the middle of the strip as it is centrally located and lower priced than it's neighbors. So the people watching is great! The gaming was good. The casino here is very centrally located, but not huge. Everything is easy to find and seems well kept. They have a "Dealertainer" kind of show going on that is kind of fun. There is a small central stage where you can watch celebrity musician impersonators sing their harts away, then step down and deal poker or blackjack! I played blackjack with Dolly Parton and Slash! I think I also saw Whitney Houston, Britney Spears, Elvis, and a few others. A great photo op! The buffet here is old, small and sub-par as are the other eateries and snack shops. I stopped in at the "Burger Palace" and turned away after waiting in line a moment or two and getting to view the menu. This small place reminded me of the middle school cafeteria and there was no way I was going to drop my $$$ at a place called the "Burger Palace" that gives you 3 burger options! For all the IP's faults, they seem to make up in ease and cost. This place still has much of it's "old school" feel and staff as we talked to several managers and pit bosses that remembered us from past visits and did not mind chatting with us for a moment. There isn't that super corporate feel here yet. Is the Imperial Palace great? No...But if your not aiming for the Emperor's suite at Caesars, then this is a  great, fun and cheap option still on the strip. More reviews to come on their specific restaurants.
3	If you are looking to stay in Vegas on a budget, this place is perfect.1) Room rates are the lowest for this part of Vegas, rates around $25 unless there is a convention in town.2) Rooms are clean. Don't expect too much, but seriously, for $25 how much can you expect. Rooms have the necessary amenities, but it's not luxury, it's just enough.3) Being in the middle of the strip, across from Caesar's Palace, the location is unbeatable. It's a short walk to all the clubs and restaurants. 4) Casino is a bit small, but they have enough tables and the buy-ins are low enough to have fun and not to go bankrupt if you lose.
2	Rather than pay the ridiculous fees that Caesar's wanted, we decided to book their sister hotel, across the street and save some money.In retrospect, we should have ponied up the extra money for a room at Caesar's. We arrived during prime time, so i know that is partially to blame, but 65 minutes to check in to your room is just ridiculous.  There were only 4 people working the counter, so that just makes the wait worse.  You would think that the manager would staff extra people during the prime check-in time, so that people can get out of line and gambling, right?We were sent to our room, which was located in the back of the hotel, across from the ramp to the parking garage.  No big deal.  The worst thing about our room was finding it.  You had to go up one floor, through a fire exit, to get to it.   Jeff had to stop housekeeping to ask them how to find the room and they didn't even know, at first.  The carpet in the hallway had some obvious water damage.  It had buckled in a few places. Everything in our room had "character."  Everything was worn, stained, broken or had a funky vibe to it.  My favorites:  the hair dye stain on the counter of the sink in the bathroom, the piece of transparent tape holding together part of the dresser table,  and the iron that had a timer button on it.  Good things:  housekeeping was willing to bring us extra whatever we asked for.  There were dog treats in the room for Jeff's dog, when we got there.  They had a dog run right near our room.  (We were in the "dog friendly" wing of the hotel.")  This hotel is right in the middle of a bunch of really fun places!Bad things:  Super cramped casino area.  Shower head wasn't even spitting water, it misted.  Parking garage is super tight.  The whole hallway smelled intensely of pot and beer.We didn't try any of the restaurants.  (Wanted to try the Hash House a Go Go, but didn't get a chance.)I gambled $2.50 on slots.
2	We stayed at the Imperial for the impressingly low price of $24.00 a night.  I know what you're probably thinking, what the Hell do you expect for $24.00 a night?  I'll tell you what I do expect. A clean hotel room, which they did achieve.  That was about it. I expect a well stocked room, you know, clean towels and to not have to go the front desk and get toilet paper.  What I do not expect, and which is why they are receiving only 2 stars, is to have suspicions that someone had been in the room other than the maid.  My mom and aunt stayed next door to us, and on 2 separate locations came back to their room to find shampoo that was not there, and a used towel on the floor.  A call to security did nothing.  The second thing that I do not expect is to have my purse go missing from the roulette table, and have security "recover" it 15 minutes later with everything intact except my cash.  It was highly suspicious to me.  As far as the casino is concerned, it's a solid 3 stars.  The slots seem to hit at decent odds, and to buy in at the tables is lower than any of the fancy pants casinos.  My sister and I had never played roulette before, and we sat down at the table of a fantastic dealer named Rpya who very patiently went over the rules of the game, and laughed along with us at our faux-pas.  There was one snotty dealer whose name that I will save for a letter to the Imperial who chased me from the roulette table for not tipping after one win.  (I was planning to gamble some more, and was under the impression that you waited until you were done.)  All in all, I may stay at the Imperial again, maybe, if I plan on just scumming it down, and just planning on grabbing my own toilet paper and towels.  I might even break out my neon pink fanny pack to keep my cash close at hand.
4	Honestly, who comes to Vegas to sleep and enjoy the hotel? Our main purpose was to have a bed and a bathroom; something comfortable enough to sleep to either sleep off the booze or gain some energy for the night ahead of us, but conveniently located on the Strip. Naturally, the cheap Imperial Palace was the easy choice. We went during the weekend following the MLK weekend for Meagan R.'s birthday. Surprisingly, check-in was smooth and swift; lasted barely five minutes. We were checked in by an extremely happy, smiley lady; perfect start to the trip. Yes, the wait for the elevators is lengthy at times, the hallways do seem like they're out of a horror film, and sometimes, odors and smoke get the best of you and make a tiny bit nauseous but it's the price that you pay. The room was rather tiny, the bathroom was tiny too. There's a bed. A decently comfortable bed, with pillows, sheets, a blanket. Plus a lamp, and a TV too. And a toilet. And a bathtub. For the price that Imperial Palace charges, that's called luxury. We didn't pay for a honeymoon suite so why expect one?As for the casino, it's small but the staff are very friendly. The dealer/entertainers are incredibly amusing featuring various celebrities like Beyonce, Katy Perry, Shakira, Lady Gaga, Rihanna, Michael Buble, and several more. They're dealers at the table, but occasionally, they step onto the podium and have a lip-syncing performance. I got to meet a few of the dealer/entertainers and all of them were friendly. Took pictures, had a little bit of conversation, and "Lady Gaga" was completely in character. The security staff for the casino is also phenomenal. I had a complete mental relapse and left my iPhone 4 at one of the slot machines. When I informed one of the security guards, he immediately took on a demeanor that was just as panicked as my own and showed genuine excitement when I found it. The buy-ins at the casino are much lower than other casinos too so you can expect to lose much less here if it's your first time. Moving on to the restaurants, we had Quesadilla, which was essentially a Mexican restaurant meets Hooters. The food was pretty decent. A slightly touch above say, Chevy's. Nothing authentic but fairly good Tex-Mex. The other one we dined at was Sunday brunch at the Imperial Palace buffet, which I would push for you to skip. It's nothing special at all. Most of the food is pretty bland and unless you can get some kind of special discount, I would go somewhere else to eat. Overall, the Imperial Palace, as I've said is a budget hotel. There's no need to be complaining considering it's price. It's proximity to everything on the Strip makes it that much more appealing. Unless you're trying to have a romantic getaway or pretend you're some rich bloke to impress someone, stay at the Imperial Palace. There's no need for you to spend any more time than a quick nap while you're in Vegas.
3	I can't speak for the hotel, but I felt that the slots were a bit looser here than some of the other strip casinos. If you can put up with the dated decor, atmosphere, and smell of decades of smoke, you may be able to win some money here.
4	My friend had tickets to the Diva Show here, I had a friend in from Morro Bay, CA so she asked if we could use them. That is what brought me to this hotel, it's older and I didn't know what to expect and was I ever surprised at all the entertainment! We got there early so we stopped and had a cocktail at the bar and who should pass by but Elvis (really good one) so of course I jumped up and got a picture with him, as did others. Then we hear this concert and lo and behold they have a area called Dealertainers and WOW the 2 performances we saw were FABULOUS what talent they hire, it was GREAT and in that area the dealers are the entertainers, it's just fun!  Then it was time to go to the show, and that was GREAT Frank Marino knows how to put on a spectacular show, it was more than we expected! Then I wanted to make a quick football bet and they have a nice area where the sports book is upstairs, not all crowded! All in all I had a fabulous time in this Oldie but Goodie on the strip!
2	The Good: This hotel cost about half the price as any other hotel on the strip in a similar location, which is nice, since, it's actually in a fantastic location. Sandwiched between O'Shea's and Harrah's, Imperial Palace is within walking distance of all the major hotels. There is also a liquor store right around the corner, the Walgreens (near Venetian) is a quick walk, and O'Shea's next door houses a Subway, Burger King and dollar drafts. The fact that Imperial Palace is not humongous works in its favor, it's just a quick walk through the casino to get to the main tower of elevators. The room had a working television, enough space to not feel cramped and a bathroom that felt as if it had been updated more recently than most other  parts of the room.        Imperial Palace's cheesy and dated decor is easily forgivable considering the city it's located in and the so called "dealertainers" (impersonators who also deal the black jack tables) are a blast to watch even though it's sometimes hard to tell who they're supposed to be impersonating.       The Bad: This place is a serious dive. The room, although tidy, smelled as if the person who had cleaned it had horrible and lingering B.O. The hotel is not sound proofed whatsoever and we could easily hear noise in the hall, neighboring rooms, and the incredibly loud bar next door which sounded as if it were directly out our window.  The outdated furniture and minimal lighting made it seem almost depressing in a way. There was also a technical issue with the elevators which meant that out of five elevators, only two were working, and even then, one of those two seemed to be on the fritz more often than not. This meant incredibly long waits to get to and from the rooms and long elevator rides cramped in with as many people could fit, sardine like, into the small space. This hotel has none of the glitz, glam, or grandeur that most people think of and look forward to when imagining their trip to Vegas.      Overall:  If you're young and on a budget, this place is perfect. If you have a family or want things to be a little more on the classy side, steer clear.
1	One star is way too high a rating for this place.  It might be cheap, but it is not worth the saved cash.  Stayed there on business.  My first night there they placed me in a room on the strip.  First problem was that the wi-fi did not work.  How do I do business with without wi-fi?  Second problem was the 80's band cranking right outside my window. In th morning I asked for another room.  This room was better, but but still damp, plain, old, ugly, dark, and a maze to get to.  That night I came back to my room, but the key didn't work.  After several trips to the front desk they had to get security to let me in.  This place is a disaster plain and simple.  The casino smells like an old Chinese restaurant and the rooms are putrid.  Even the elevators are slow and rusty.  Price and location are not enough to justify the Imperial Palace.
4	Oh com'on, can you really say no to $29 rooms?? I guess you can if you decide to stay at the Excalibur, but the Imperial Palace, as ... it is what it is ... is so mid-strip it's hard to pass up an opportunity to check out what all the college student rage is all about. My friends used to tell me that they got these crazy bus deals from their college towns to come to Las Vegas and stay at the Imperial Palace and round trip it for only $100 a person. I thought perhaps they were out of their mind, but upon deciding to stay in Vegas for an extra day after the hotel res already ran out, instead of extending it at my pricey 4 star, I figured ... what the heck, it's Vegas!The rooms are ... $29 rooms. The hotel is ... a $29 star hotel. The location is fantastic, the parking is crowded, and there are just a gazillion college students here. It felt more like spring break in Cancun than it was a $29 room in Las Vegas. I honestly didn't hate it although I can tell you this is not an experience for everyone. In fact it may not be an experience you want to experience. If you are in a stable relationship, want a romantic adventure, enjoy luxuries and food, this is not for you. But if you're here to party ... say hello to the Imperial Palace.
3	It is what it is and what it is is...... conveniently located on the strip. My girl friends and I stayed here for the weekend and paid no more than $10 (not including tip) each way.... inexpensive housing, but keep in mind... "you get what you pay for." Don't expect the gorgeous furniture and soft linens from the Venetian because they're definitely not there. Definitely no couches, microwaves or refrigerators.. just the simple bed and table setting. Very similar to a motel. If you're looking for a cheap place to put your things and get ready for the night, or maybe just a place to squeeze in a drunken nap, this is the place for you. There's nothing spectacular here... the furniture, the casino... Don't expect much and you won't be disappointed. :)My advice: REMEMBER WHERE YOU PARK! It's like a maze out there, but a nice man with a cart helped my friends and I find our car. Awesome!
3	The best part of this stay was the price of the room and two of the restaurants in the hotel,   Hash A Go Go ( a ton of food, easy to split one entree) and the Asian restaurant (really run by Koreans) were fantastic and priced very reasonably.  We also had lunch in the Eiffel Tower at Paris and it was superb french cuisine, pricey but delicious!!  The casino was smokey, air quality is better towards the front door.  Slots not loose but fun for a while. Most penny slots are 35 to 40 cents per pull, penny?.  Black Jack was great at the $5 minimum tables, until they went up and didn't grandfather us in.  No Keno.  The Dealer-tainers were enjoyable, especially after a few drinks, which were plentiful in the casino.  The bartender at one of the bars 0informed me that drinks were not free at the bar unless I was playing Max Bet on the Poker machine, that really stunk.  Overall if you want an inexpensive room in the center of the stip this is a good choice.  The Monorail is right out the side door between IP and Harrahs.  The hotel is pretty dumpy but many of the rooms have balconies which is rare in Vegas, we prefer a balcony. The room was ok and clean, the staff was friendly and the Price was Right!  If you prefer to spend your $ on other things besides the room, IP is the perfect choice with some nice places to eat and then crash in your room.
4	Sure, it's older, and not as pretty as the big boys, but it is definitely one of the best deals in Vegas! It is in a great location, has less expensive tables, and good, clean rooms.  If you are looking for luxury, look elsewhere.  If you are looking for a Casino with a good Sportsbook, many restaurant choices, and shops galore look elsewhere.  But if you are looking for a place to crash that has some good tables, a good amount of young adults, and puts you in the center of Vegas to enjoy the amenities of the other Casinos night of day, look to the Imperial Palace to base your stay. Your wallet will thank-you!
2	You get what you pay for. One star for location, one star for price.Those are the only positives. The line for our elevators were always insane (we stayed in tower 5, don't know if that makes a difference). At one point security actually had to escort us to a secret elevator because the line was getting too out of hand.The other huge complaint is the insane music blasting until 3 or 4 in the morning. Seriously, what the hell? It was coming from a bar or a club or something, but can't they pop some Pink Panther in the walls for us?If you need somewhere cheap to stay and don't plan on being in your room very often, this isn't a bad deal. But if you've got an extra 20 to 50 bucks a night to spend, you're better off forking it over.
4	The week before Valentines, my boyfriend and I were driving through Las Vegas and I snagged us a room on hotels.com for $60. I made sure to get us the LUV TUB room and it was awesome! Mirrored ceilings above the bed and bathtub, as well as a tub the size of my kitchen. The only cons were that the tub took foreverrrrr to fill up, there were no jets in the tub (would have been rad if there was) and like all casino hotels the parking/check-in/elevators/rooms are so flipping far apart... I swear we walked a mile between them all just to get to our room. All in all, if you want to stay ON the strip and get somewhere cheap (obviously check around because it isn't always going to be $60) and not the norm under $100, plain hotel room, Imperial Palace is the way to go (remember: book the Deluxe Luv Tub room!)
1	I wish I didn't have to write this negative review, I really wanted the imperial palace to work out.While booking a "cheap" hotel, I did not expect much, but what I found was pretty lame!1. Their blackjack pays 5:6 instead of 2:3! Stacking the odds in their favor.2. Their whole hotel / casino will punish your lungs with smoke, I'm talking nasty thick air. We left 1 day early because of this fact, not even bothering to ask for a refund. If you enjoy smoking about 500 packs a day through second hand smoke, you will love IP.3. If you plan on using the Internet at the amazing .25 cents per MINUTE, you will end up paying more than if you stayed at a nice casino.4. If your idea of a good time is hanging out at the trailer park, you will LOVE the imperial palace.I could keep going but you get the idea. Do yourself a favor, pay just a little more for your room and stay somewhere nice, after all you want to enjoy your vacation right?If the Imperial Palace reads this, you should contact me and refund my last nights stay, I was very unhappy with my experience.
1	Still pissed off about this place.
4	I am upgrading IP to 4 stars.  I have now figured out the Rockhouse and since I am almost never in my room I shouldn't complain about it.  Now keep in mind that this is 4/5 stars for what it tries to be, and IP doesn't try very hard.Oh, one more warning.  Unplug your phone.  Some jacka** was calling my room at 5am and hanging up.  Oh no you dinint..
2	do not let them place you in the capri! ITS WAY THE HELL IN THE BACK. we tried so many routes to try to get there and in the end we still went all the way in the back up an escalator down an escalator through a sketchy walkway and somewhere else it was RIDICULOUS. our room/bthrm looked like the person who "prepared it" had lazily wiped a dry wash cloth over everything and had forgotten how to clean anything. It was a big room - with two beds though.Otherwise, middle of the strip, easy access to everything, MONORAIL!!!!, so cheap we barely believed it, and easy access to cabs. Cool stuff going on next door outside - next to Margaritaville WOO. Inexpensive "tall" drinks at the Fat Tuesdays. Good place to lay your head down when you come stumbling back. And their bar/club/whatever, rockhouse was fun! They also have a great restaurant inside and their room service has big portions. The rewards program is cool - sign up for it if you haven't (it covers caesars, paris, harrahs, IP, and another one). Things I liked about the room: Spacious, Has a separate "vanity" from the bathroom that girls can lay out their makeup and hair stuff on, has a rail for hangers and things to put your suitcases on, has an iron + ironing board, has a hairdryer and a shower and running water, two beds so you can stack people in (although there were only two of us), adjoined rooms if you're traveling in a group, center of the stripBiggest complaints: capri is FAR, no fridge, no microwave, no safe, no free wifi (but probably no free wifi anywhere on the strip), pedestrians are douchebags getting out of IP so you lose money in the cab just waiting for him/her to grow a pair.
3	Stopped by here to see a show and just trying to enter the valet was a hassle.  The casino itself wasn't too pretty.  Just looking at the reviews and the hotel  decor, I didn't feel like eating there.  Trying to leave after the show was also a hassle.  There was no mediation with the pedestrian traffic.
4	My most recent venture to the city of the sin took me to the lovely Imperial Palace. At a whopping $25 a night, luxury was not to be expected. We pulled in and took advantage of free valet and complimentary bell hop service. It took a while to get through the registration line but once we made it to the front desk we were given a strip view room on the 18th floor. Although we were only supposed to be a party of two they happily gave us four room keys which was perfect for our gaggle. After receiving our bags and booze quickly I took our trashcan in search of the ice machine. Unfortunately the ice machines were broken on the 17th and 18th floor but I found a functioning one on 16. During my ice adventure I ran into all sorts of seedy people and heard lots of crazy going on behind closed doors, but what do you expect? It's Vegas! Location wise, Imperial Palace is in the middle of everything. It is quick and easy to get around from here and the proximity to junky O'sheas is amazing. It also boasts two yummy restaurants, Hash House and Ginseng, both perfect for curing hangovers. The bed was unusually comfortable and we all loved our perfect strip view patio. It's not glamorous but it sure is functional!
2	ewww. the only good point is that is in centrally located on the strip.do not stay at the capri. we booked online and got a capri room because it was the cheapest. big mistake. upon checking in, a concerned matronly employee told me and my friend we better upgrade because she didn't think it'd be safe for two young girls to walk back to that late at night. she said we would have had to drunkenly traverse an alley and parking lot. sketchy...so we decided to pay the extra $20 a night to stay in the main building.i must warn you: i discovered on the door a sign that says something along the lines of "it is your responsibility to be sure the door closes securely." the first night we were there i stumbled back into the room around 4am and when my friend came back a bit later, she reported to me the next morning that the door was OPEN an inch or so. omg. at all other hotels the doors are heavy enough to shut securely! gahhhh! so be sure to shut that door!!!!the light didn't work when we came in. bad lighting to do makeup in. the shower was weak. bad if you have thick, long hair.we had a balcony that showed us the other rooms. good for making friends, lol, and airing out the room. the room had a curious odor.this place is full of characters. scummy.positives: centrally located, relatively cheap, no pubic hairs on the bed.
1	I wish I had better things to say, BUT we won't ever return here. And thats with 25 dollar rooms.It's the smokiest casino that I've walked through in Vegas and left us feeling ill from breathing it in each time we walked to and from our room.
3	Imperial Palace is certainly a deal when it comes to price and location on the strip. Its a good hotel for the price. There are some things that I should point out. When I went in early 2008 they were renovating so things may have changed now but...The hallways smelled like smoke, there were bugs in my room window and the concierge did not take our bags to the room. This meant my 65 year old mom was stuck taking bags and luggage up to the room and was dog tired by the time we got up to the room. That part sucked as did paying for Wifi, but the rest was a great experience. If you say that you or a guest has a chronic illness you get a free refrigerator to house medicine. The dealertainers are FREAKING EXCELLENT! These are dealers that dress up like celebrities and then get up and perform every hour or so. This place is no Ceasars Palace for sure, but having stayed at an expensive hotel in Vegas (Planet Hollywood) I can tell you that the only difference is how much was spent on the decor which means nothing when you are only in the room to sleep. They're buffet and breakfast is pretty decent too. I'd go elsewhere for clubbing (Mandalay Bay/Planet Hollywood/Palms, but for a cheap place with a nice location not sure this place can be beat.Edit: What is wrong with people??? I read these reviews and its as if they expect all the great amenities of a $250 a night hotel. If you want hardwood floors, initialed towels and tuxedo'd room service then pay more and shut it. IP is great for the price.
1	This is NOT A SAFE HOTEL to stay in... LOCK YOUR CAR and leave nothing of value in your car ... and the dank ugly rooms and hallways smell badly.
1	Stay away from the American Rockhouse!Buy your guitar drinks at Cabo Wabo in Planet Hollywood. Do NOT give them anything.The guys in charge are rude and don't treat their guests well at all.
5	I don't have a problem with the Imperial Palace.  You get what you pay for, basically.  This isn't a fancy shmancy hotel.  Get over it.  Who goes to Las Vegas to stay in your room anyway?  It was clean, the staff was friendly, and it is in the best location on the strip.  We paid $200 total (taxes included) for 3 nights (Th, Fri, Sat).  You can't get any better than that.  I personally don't mind a hotel that doesn't have an electric fish tank with your own personal underwater basket weaver inside of it like some other ridiculous things that the other more expensive hotels offer.  The hotel is in need of a little upgrading, but it did what it needed to do.  I felt safe there, I was able to bathe, and slept well.  There was also a balcony (from what I understand, every room there comes with a balcony).  I'm a big fan of balconies, so I was a happy camper.  All in all, I'm ready to go back to Las Vegas, and offer me a room at Cosmopolitan...mehhhhh no thanks....Bellagio....meeehhhh no thanks....Venitian....meehhh no thanks.  My heart belongs to Imperial Palace.  It is also connected to the best place in Las Vegas: THE ROCKHOUSE!  It also has a Fat Tuesday in it.  The Dealertainers are amazing.  It is also connected to the second best place in Las Vegas: THE KARAOKE BAR!  ***sigh***  Can I go back yet???
2	This is one grimy hotel and casino. Of course I didn't expect much of the IP to begin with, but I was pretty disappointing. I was actually surprised that they had keycards instead of keys. Pros:1) Great location. Centrally located and is on the center strip.2) Prices are relatively reasonable.3) You could actually walk onto the patio and have a view of the strip in the penthouse floor.Cons:1) Check-in lines at the front desk take forever because they only have a few staff working.2) Every time I step into the elevator there are more beer bottles and cups lying all over the floor. Feels like the aftermath of a college party.3) Restaurants aren't the greatest of quality. Only ate here because it was convenient.4) Casino is pretty small.5) Rooms are poorly decorated. Looks like they haven't changed the style since the 1990s.
1	This hotel is the filthiest, worst-managed place that I've ever seen.  Where to start?  The staff is completely indifferent and could not care less about customer service.  Waited in line about 90 minutes to check into my room.  The concierge refused to help book a round of golf - she said he was not "allowed" to do this?!?.  The front desk does not pick up the phone, presumably because they are grossly understaffed.  The rooms have an unpleasant smell.  The decor has not been renovated since about 1971.  The elevators are in poor repair.  The "extra good" WiFi, which they charge $12 per day for, barely works.  The valet takes forever to get your car, and there seems to be no way to call down for your car in advance.  The giant display that advertises one of Imperial Palace's signature restaurants is covered in bird dung, which sums the place up perfectly.Bottom line:  if you're a frat boy looking for a cheap, centrally located place to get wasted and vomit, stay here.  If you are over the age of 25 and have gainful employment, do yourself a favor and avoid this cesspool.  And if you happen to be the owner of Imperial Palace and are reading this, two words:  wrecking ball.
5	I hate that most of the reviews on here are snobs that were expecting the Ritz. You guys are full of crap.We stayed for four nights that I got FREE through my total rewards coupons and comped.Thanks to the reviews on here, I was expecting the complete worst.TOTAL OPPOSITE! The room was great (even though my bf wanted a room with a view of the strip so we listened to music for a few hours one night. Which we were warned about and told we could switch if it bothered us). Housekeeping came every morning after we left and made the bed and put new towels etc. We asked for extra blankets and they were brought super promptly. As were shower caps the morning after.We got the buffet of buffets deal for 44.95/each and ate our way around Vegas for our last day. PH and Rio are good, imperial is OK its really not bad, Caesar's breakfast is pretty good. I like the eggs to order station best and their Bacon is good, Hubby liked the fresh cut Bacon station and just about everything else.Get all the club cards you can in Vegas, you'll regret if you don't.Get your big drinks at Le Bayou on Fremont St. They're the cheapest, strongest, and best tasting. And refills are half price instead of $1 off like other places (fat Tuesday's)I love imperial palace. Just be prepared for a check-in line. After the line everything's good.Oh and make the trip to the Rio after 6 they have an awesome show and the bartenders have a show and give free shots on every hour
4	The place isn't bad for the middle of the strip...but i did expect the casino to have more selection........     p.s. show your military id and you just might get a PENT HOUSE!
2	For the price and location  not a bad value. But I wouldn't stay here again. I saw check-in lines go well over an hour during my stay. It looked like the airport TSA line on a bad day. Just wouldn't be worth it to start a weekend with that experience.
2	Kinda shady/smokey place but hey- it was the best deal we could find on the strip that wasn't too bad. "Best of the worst" I guess you could say.
2	great location on the strip, but the hotel is in need of a remodel. try to learn your way from the parking garage to your room first because you don't want to be stuck wandering around their casino. the ventilation is terrible.
4	Imperial Palace is certainly a good deal in terms of to price and location on the strip. It is inexpensive and perfectly located.  Now that being said, it doesn't compare to the nicest of the nice hotels in Vegas. If you're looking for a fantastic lobby or high rollers, IP isn't it. If you are looking for a good location, good price, and normal amenities, then IP is the place.The pool is big, but not ridiculous. Same for the restaurants, buffet, rooms, casino, and everything else. It isn't dirty or trashy or whatever else people are saying.You also get a pretty good coupon book when you check in.I would also go to the Auto Collection. It was very cool for car and non car fans. Some of the vehicles are just fascinating. I would definitely go back.
4	I've stayed here a couple of times now but never made a review for this place.  Myself and two friends stayed here for my bachelor party on a recent Saturday - Tuesday.  This place would get 5 stars for the super cheap rates and central location on the strip ... but after my most recent trip I have to dock a star for the horrible elevators.  Sometimes it would take upwards of 20 minutes to get from the room to the casino floor or vice versa.  There were three elevators that took us close to our room and it seemed like whenever we went to use them at least one would be broken.  We heard stories from other guests about people getting stuck in elevators for several hours ... I'm not sure if any of the stories were true or not, but I'm glad this didn't happen to us.Poor elevators aside, the Imperial Palace does offer some of the most competitive room rates on the strip ... and they're right smack dab in the middle of everything.  Now, you get what you pay for - the beds are not the most comfortable, tvs in the room are outdated, etc.  But when I'm in Vegas I don't plan on spending much time in my room.  I'll save money and stay here so I can spend more on other things like blackjack and delicious buffets.
2	The price was right and thats why my best friend and I chose to stay at the imperial palace while in town for a wedding. The room was pretty gross, I was afraid my feet were catching a disease from walking barefoot. Our sliding door to the balcony didn't open and there was a weird sign saying it could close without warning. The service from the staff was ok, nothing great. No decent restraunts in the hotel and half The soda machines didn't work. Next time I will book earlier or pay a little more and stay some place else. Imerial palace isn't a place to be proud to stay at.
2	This place has seen better days.  The building is old and in need of a serious renovation or even better, to be imploded and start from scratch.  The smoke here is dense and the ventilation is subpar compared to the newer joints in Vegas.The funny thing is that it's always packed.  Probably because it's center strip and rooms go for $25-$35 often.  In my opinion, I'd rather pay the extra $20-$30 and stay at the Flamingo, which is next door.  Low limit tables are also the name of the game here....so the low end gamblers have a home too.Overall, I would never spend my money to stay here or recommend it for my friends.Return Factor - 10%
3	It is what it is, and you pay for what you get. If you're going to pay $40/night, are you really expecting the experience you'd get at a Ritz Carlton? Unless you're a complete boob, your answer to this should be no. Then why are people writing 2-star reviews? Pony up if you're going to complain about shitty rooms and shell out for a room down the street at the Bellagio or Palazzo. Why do I give this place 3-stars? Because it's probably the only reason why the gambling contingency of my birthday entourage didn't completely wipe out their bank accounts and start hitting me up for a couple clams. The casino is smokey, sure, but the tables are cheap, buy ins start at $2 and the dealers actually help you to learn the game. Sit with them for a bit and you may even walk away with a few sheckles. They will actually question if you think you are making the right decision just to help you understand the game. The real kicker of it is? They're dressed like past and present celebrities. At any given time of day you can sit down and have a chat with Michael Jackson or be serenaded by Stevie Wonder....what a ridiculous concept!Look, story in short....know what you're getting into before you stay and you'll get exactly what you expect.
4	Booked for two nights with buffet of buffets package (2 passes).  If you subtract the cost of the food passes, two nights in a deluxe room came out to only $20!  Granted it's not the nicest room in Las Vegas, but considering the location and the price, I wasn't planning on being in my room for anything but sleeping anyways..Did not like the hour line at check in, but for $10 a night.. sure whatever :)
4	It has a FAT TUESDAY here now, and it's open till 2am unlike the one at Caesars which closes at 11pm. +1 for that.The girl working there is super sweet, so easy to talk to and she gave us everclear jello shots on the house, which contributed to my 11am drunkeness but that's a whole other story..But yay for fat tuesday!
4	Ok, I love Imperial Palace. 50 bucks a night for a place right on the strip and 5 dollar craps?? YEEEEEWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!! Yes, the hotel needs a lot of upkeep, but it's not anywhere near horrible, and it's such a good deal for people like me who cannot afford 100 dollar buy ins at a nice hotel. They also have celebrity impersonator dealers and entertainment while you gamble. Cheap gambling, no bed bugs, and decent rooms. :)
1	WOW! I did not stay here, but two friends of mine insisted on staying here last month (March 2011) "because it was the cheapest property on the Strip", and "they have the almighty DEALER-TAINERS".They had two rooms, one each. I only visited one of them, in their room. Again, WOW! It smelled ROTTEN, like bad cheeseburgers. My friends stayed in the property the entire 3 days, but I told them flat out, I could not stay there. Not with the stench, day and night. Plus, it was silly to do so, especially when the Silverton (a recently completely renovated property) was charging the SAME RATES, in fact, CHEAPER some nights, and the drive from the Silverton to the Strip (and the "almighty DEALER-TAINERS") was miniscule.But THEN some hilarious Brit comes to town, to secretly review rooms around town, and submitted THIS review of his $179 room (WHAT? Oh, Saturday night, no reservation, I get it) at the Imperial Palace:http://vimeo.com/22180587Again. WOW.
3	It's a sad day indeed... I found out that the champagne pits are gone.The IP is still a good value for the money (free for us) because it's centrally located, but I've found that we can usually get a great deal at other nicer hotels as long as we spend a bit of time investigating what deals are out there so it's highly doubtful that Sir Nicholas and I would be staying here again.
2	You're definitely getting what you pay for staying here.I booked one night here prior to moving to a better hotel to save some money.  Thanks goodness we stayed only one night!Pro:- Cheap price for a good location on the Strip- Room was a decent size, lots of extra space (probably because of the lack of furniture)Cons:- The room felt like it was incomplete and could have used some extra furniture like more seating and mirrors.  The few furniture pieces that were in there were outdated and decrepit.  Opening and closing the drawers took a lot of effort because the wood kept sticking.- The bathrooms were horrible.  The shower didn't drain well so by the end of a bath you'd end up with the tub water being well above your feet.  At first we couldn't find tissue in the bathroom so we had to use toilet paper, but we later discovered the tissue box was oddly placed in the wall behind the towels.  If we hadn't used up the towels we probably never would have found it there.- The rooms have the motel style heater / AC rather than central air with thermostats.  In order to circulate air in the stuffy room, we had to keep it on all night but it was so loud and noisy that it kept us up.  Even worse, when we turned on the heater it let out some nasty, chemical smell that stunk up the room.- The elevators are old and slow.  The hotel doesn't have that many floors but the amount of time it took us to go from 1 to 11 equaled about 3x the amount of time it took us to go from 1 to 54 at our other hotel.  Plus, the sounds the elevator made has us all laughing that we would drop to our death at any minute.  On top of that, one of the elevators was broken in our tower so the wait too forever.  Luckily another guest, and not the staff, tipped us off that we could use the other tower elevators    - The casino was also stuffy and much like the rooms, air doesn't seem to circulate well there either.  Maybe it was the small size and low ceilings but we felt like we couldn't breathe whenever we walked through there- Definitely more of an older crowd that stays here.  If you're looking for the 20 - 30 yr old Vegas experience you won't find it here- Checking in took forever!  We got there on a Thursday afternoon and the line was almost to the door.  Took us 30 minutes to get through the line and check in.  I thought it was just like that when we arrived but it seemed like every time we passed the "lobby" there was always a long line.
3	Its cheap, centrally located and have some cheap gambling and drinks. Also decent restaurants (then again, isn't any food decent at 6am when you're clueless to where you are, the time or how much you've had to drink?). Downfall is yes, it is a little older and a little less clean but I haven't seen any cockroaches so I'm good. I wasn't thrilled when one weekend we stayed here and security followed me and my friends around thinking we were hookers though. Dead serious. One guy at the bar told us. Apparently, people at this hotel/casino aren't the crowd that dress nice. But luckily, we are humorous enough to hike up our dresses a little higher, wear bigger heels, go with the flow and just laugh.
2	For my review of the IP, I'm going with "The good, the bad, and the ugly" Location. G: Like other reviewers have said it is centrally located. Right on the strip, right by the a lot of action. B: Check location of your room within hotel when you're booking, you may get shoved in the back and either shack up with the "pet place" and tip toe through dog crap or feel like you're in a sketchy part of town and should have LVPD on speed dial. U: Hotel looks ugly compared to those located around it. Take out O'Sheas and IP is the ugly kid in your 2nd grade school head shot class line up pictures. Price: G: Great price for being on the strip, found it to be the cheapest for right on the strip. B: The price. You're paying a cheaper price for a cheaper outdated, getting run down hotel. U: I don't think even if you wanted to, you could upgrade. Unless you did the love tub room which apparently is awesome. Hotel: G: You're paying for what you get. If you're looking for cheap and place just to sleep after you were out all night or cheap gambling stay here. I would suggest if you're traveling solo to at least travel with Jack D, Jim B or Jose C when staying at this hotel to make it seem better B: The hotel doesn't seem to be getting any improvements or is a priority for anyone. No tv remotes in two rooms I stayed in, ice machines broken, outdated furniture, worn carpet, crappy entertainment lineup, mediocre food (Hash House is good, however) U: The hotel literally smells like everyone in Vegas, both locals and travelers took a crap underneath the hotel about 2 years ago and its just been rotting away. Seriously, some parts of the hotel are unbearable. Also, the elevators are extremely slow. You may as well go check out Mystere or Phantom then come back and catch your elevator. Try it. Its a joke.
4	Imperial Palace does smell far more smokey than other hotels and prob even made me sick with it's filthy machines and bar. But hear me out.Imperial Palace has a lovely showroom, in which I watched the awesome show Matsuri and in which I will watch the highly acclaimed show Human Nature this May. Divas is also hosted here. I would say that the auto showroom is definitely nice for people who love cars and there's a free admission coupon on the auto showroom's website. Imperial Palace also has free hand massages and $10 aqua massages (also at Stratosphere but more expensive there) or aromatherapy right near by their (unfortunately slow) elevators. I will take that because I do enjoy the freebies of life. The entertainment options sure do suit me. I happen to love the decor and layout of IP. It's bright and shimmery and neonish. Very old time and classic in my eyes. The dealertainers are friendly and just Vegasy. I wasnt half as charmed by the interior of nearby or closeby "richer" casinos which were dark or grand or too frumpy but not Vegasy. IP has it's own charm and people seem to be having a lot of fun.I did however eat at the Hash House and unfortunately did not enjoy it. The pancakes were tough and the chicken and waffles had an awful taste with the chicken being super dry. It's over-hyped. I also hear the buffet at IP will give you indigestion. So, I avoided it. I have not stayed in a room in IP so i can not completely judge it. But I am assuming for the price, it has a great value considering the gaming area and entertainment options.
1	0 stars. This "hotel" really is the epitome of the phrase "you get what you pay for." Unfortunately, a flight cancellation forced my buddy and I to stay another night in Vegas. Instead of dropping another 200 dollars to stay at the Mirage, we reluctantly decided to stay at the IP for $29. It sounded like a good idea but turned out to be an epic fail. I'm real simple to please and when staying in a hotel I really only expect the basics; something clean, quiet and secure. This dump failed to meet either one of those minimum standards. The $29 rooms are in a separate "building" a couple hundred yards behind the main building. This "building" look like an old WWII army barracks not a vegas strip hotel. To access this "building", you had to walk through a dark, unsecured ally while taking in strong scent of urine every few feet...awful. Along with your room key, the front desk should have issued you a gas mask as well because I'm certain some of the fumes we inhaled when we walked into the room were toxic. I seriously look under the bed and in the closet expecting to find a dead corps. Yes, it was THAT bad! Nothing was clean, some parts of the furniture were held together with duck tape, and the air conditioning unit sounded like a freight train. I'm not sure how this place passes health inspections. I didn't plan on drinking that night, but shortly after walking into this "room," i realized that getting intoxicated was literally required in order for me to get some sleep. Bottom line, I wouldn't recommend this hotel to a sewer rat looking for somewhere to dwell. For a similar price you can go across the street to Bills Gambling Hall and Saloon and sleep somewhere clean and comfortable. Skip the IP.
1	OK if it had an option for no stars!!! but 1 star for location. The rooms are like a drug used motel 6, the casino is small and sucks. there are no good food choices, the parking in horrible - had to park three flights of stairs up at the hotel next door at harrahs. we asked to be upgraded and no one person working there seem to know what that meant. WILL never ever stay there again... STAY AWAY NOT A  PALACE at all..... worst hotel stay ever- and not to mention we were prompsied a redone room with a view of strip. for four nights we faced the other walls and roof of the IP= gross
4	It's cheap, it's in the middle of the Strip, and you can get a cheap table.Yes, the Imperial Palace may be referred to as "next" on a Hotels-to-demolish list to make room for another luxury tower, but its rates and location on the Strip make it a great place to stay if you are planning a quick trip out for a weekend or even just a night.Check-in lines can get a bit tedious, as can the elevators, but getting a room for less than $35 bucks won't have me complaining.  And you can watch the Dealer-tainers perform while in line, aka the worst impersonators you have ever seen that continue to amuse me.There is nothing extravagant about the IP, but it more than gets the job done.  I've stayed there three different times and will continue to so that I can spend my cash on other things in Vegas besides just the place I sleep.
1	Almost 2 hours to check in?!? I don't care if you're GIVING AWAY rooms, that's just ludicrous.
5	So cheap! We stayed in the main building and it was nice and clean. It is right in the middle of the strip where everything is. Save your money here and go play with your extra cash!
2	What to say about IP.  First of all its very inexpensive to be on the strip.  For the price most definitely the best price on the strip.  Prime location right in the middle of the strip.  Location, Location, Location, I went Memorial weekend 2010.  As soon as you pull up to this hotel you notice this place has nowhere near the luxury of any of the other hotels on the strip.  You say to yourself hey who cares its cheap and I'm not going to be in my room anyway I'm in Vegas baby.  Once you walk in after being hit with the cloud of cigarette smoke you instantly get excited because it's packed only to realize that it looks this way because all these people are in line waiting to check in.  On word Horrible.  Pissed off in line but after the two hour wait you check in and you don't think about it ever again.  Then you get to the overly packed elevators you have to wait two cycles before you get on again you say whatever I'm in Vegas.   Once you finally get to your room your hit with the supreme since  mediocreness, LOL.  Again so what I'm in Vegas the room is cheap I want to party.  After showering we get dressed and decide to go eat.  The hotel has a food court which was terrible no need to elaborate I will never eat the again bonafide fast food.  After a long night of drinking and partying I arrived at my room and crashed just like I would have done at one of the more expensive hotels.  The thing that sucked the most about my IP experience is that the next morning when everyone else were parting at the pool parties.  We took a trip to the IP pool it was all old ladies and kids and to join the other pool parties without a room at their hotel was 200 bucks a day which would have been the same amount we would have paid to stay at the better hotels.  So if you want to hit the pool parties I suggest you do not stay here because you'll pay for it in the end.
1	I wish we could.give no stars!!! This hotel is horrible!!!!! I would never stay here again.. Would rather stay at Motel 6 or sleep in the car. The customer service is terrible the rooms are disgusting and dont even get me started on the elevators. Yuk yuk yuk yuuuuuuuuuk!!!
1	This is an old dirty hotel, if you want a cheap dirty room this is the place for you. Casino is the same smoky and not very pleasing.
4	The IP rocks. Why spend all your money in Vegas on your room? The IP is the perfect location where you don't have to walk a mile from the front door to the strip, nor to the next hotel. It also houses one of the best breakfast places EVER (the Hash House a Go Go). It's price rivals some of your basic budget hotels but it sits central on the strip, not in the middle of no where. Yes, the elevators are a little slow, and our tub never seems to drain that well no matter what room we're staying, but regardless I'd rather save my money on lodging and enjoy my nights out. Tip: stay in the towers. We thought we'd try a capri room this last trip and the desk clerk kind of talked us out of it saying that the capri rooms are more motel style and open to the outside off the strip. Sounds a little less secure to me, we were glad we switched back to the towers.
3	Ok, at first I'm a little embarrassed to say that I stayed here, but on a college-student's budget, and the fact that you pay a small fraction of the price to stay here vs. a higher end hotel in the same location, makes this place worthwhile. Yes, it's old. Yes, it's dirty. Yes, the theme is cheesy. CHEAP and GOOD LOCATION.
4	Decided that my first yelp review should go to IP only because it gets a bad rap and deserves a higher rating than it currently has. I've always had a good experience here and even though I would rate it a 3.5, I'm feeling generous and rounding up.In regards to getting a snazzy deal, I make sure to search the hot deals on their website and call the hotel which will often quote an even lower price! I've never stayed in the Capri building because I've heard very bad things about it so maybe you should keep away as well.Some more tips: Ask for a room AWAY from the strip so you don't have to be tortured with hearing "I Gotta Feeling" or "Don't Stop Believing" from the building next door when you're finally trying to get some shut eye... unless you like that sort of thing of course.Use the elevators behind the main elevator lobby which seem to run faster and with less people. Oh yeah and enjoy saving the tons of $$$ which you will probably blow anyways ;-)
2	Dirty rooms, old dirty hotel.  Pool was ok.  Shitty elevators, just a cheap all around hotel.  The low price per night and great location give it 2 stars instead of zero.
4	Rooms are less than $50 a night...what did you expect??Ok so it's not the nicest place to stay on the strip, but the rooms are so ridiculously cheap. Plus it's Vegas, how much time are you going to spend in your room anyways??My girlfriend and I stayed there during the week and paid next to nothing for our room. The rooms aren't really special, kinda like Motel 6. The parking was decent, pool was okay, casino....well it's what I was expected. The location is by far the best part and I say this after multiple trips to Vegas and staying at a variety of resorts. You will not be able to find a room this cheap ANYWHERE on the strip. I didn't come expecting much and I wasn't too disappointed. The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because the staff was incredibly rude. Their definition of hospitality is something that will shock you. It's entirely possible that I just had though.I'd recommend the IP to my fellow Southern Californians, or anyone else who only has to drive a few hours for a Vegas getaway on a budget. If it's your first time visiting Sin City, I'd suggest staying somewhere else.
1	For starters, I know, we are paying cheap prices for a hotel. I understand.  However, I have stayed at smaller cheaper hotels than this and THEY were better than this place. Someone, anyone needs to tear this place down. Bring the wrecking ball ASAP. The only thing I liked about this hotel was the location. I don't believe anything here has been updated in over 25 years. Hallways smell, dirty carpet everywhere, tv's in the room are equal size of a microwave and worse, the hotel is literally falling apart. Rumor has it Harrah's bought this place, if they did, blow this place up NOW!When we checked in and started walking to our rooms, it was like a maze that would keep going and going. It is about a 15 minute walk which was ridiculous. The designer who decided to put the extra building did a horrible job with the logistics. Why do I have to go up and down through nasty hallways,  walk in and out of locked doors, through two different escalators and be placed literally next to the parking garage? Inside the room looked like a prison cell minus the small size.  Our shower dripped all night, wallpaper falling apart, pillows hard as rock.. I can keep going with a list of complaints. If you want to save a lot of money staying on the strip by all means stay, but be aware of what comes with this place. Buyer beware!  I am never coming back.
4	3.15.2010..spent 3 days there and would recomend to anyone...the rooms are clean and some have balconies which i stay in..great view ..price is cheap per night anyways we never stay in the hotel,so much to do out to stay inside the room ,the casinos are great inside and people are helpful.
1	Was not even staying here, but let my friends who were getting married drive my car to carry all of their wedding stuff.  They parked it in the self park lot up on level 3 of the parking garage, and someone broke out the window in the middle of the day.  Luckily, nothing was stolen, but security was no help.  And, the casino was full of scumbags as I walked through it.  I felt bad for some of the normal folks that were there as I could see the disgusted expressions on their face as they had to wade through the trashy losers as I did to check on my vehicle.  I would never stay there since it seems so ghetto.
3	Location- Awesome, middle-ish of stripPrice- Amazing for location on the strip, can't find anything in this price range for it.Staff- The maids were actually pretty awesome, but the staff seemed to just tell you what you wanted to hear without coming through with what they said.Cleanliness- fare... but the room we got kinda disturbed me.. toilet had red speckles on it and the mirrors were not clean, other then that everything was fine but I had to mention that. (nothing a call to room service wont fix, but little ridiculous.)More about the staff is when I was checking in we asked for a room facing the strip.. which of course we can't expect to be given just for asking. But the guy working it said yes actually we do but it would have to be the 14th floor in tower 5, which wasn't a problem at all for us.. Though he said it was pointed directly at the strip and warned us their would be a band playing until 3 am every morning.. which wouldn't be a problem with us neither.. But the moment we got to your room we were definitely not facing the strip and were totally faced at Harrah's. Which overall I enjoyed the view of the pool, the Mirage at a odd angle and what was visible of the Venetian. But my main issue is he couldn't just say that it wasn't a strip room... but oh well..Ill just have to be a bit more aggressive our upcoming stay that we have had planned since before we stayed over last week.Overall: I would stay here again asides from having a room already booked, we had some bs go on, but can't really complain for the location and price... If your looking for fancy this isn't the place...
1	Please read carefully as your sleep life depends on it.... DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL. I am a yelp elite and I do note give bad reviews without merit. BRUTAL, TERRIBLE, AWFUL, APPAULING. What do all of these words have in common? None of them are strong enough in describing how badly this place sucks as a hotel to stay in.
2	would not go back.Bad: took an hour to check in, and the rooms are very old and in desperate need of rennovation. I didn't want to take off my shoes because the carpets were dirty, the bathroom smelt like sewer, and the sheets were ripped. Good: friendly staff, cheap, locationYes, it is a very cheap place to stay, and the location is perfect, but it was not worth it even for the price. I would suggest spending money to stay in a place where you can take off your shoes.
4	Imperial Palace or IP as I call it.Alright, so you know right off the bat this isn't a classy place, you can tell by the ridiculsly low price, I pay on average of $20-27 for a room. That is for a room connected to the casino, not Capri building. One time we stayed a Friday night and it was only like $67, amazing price for a casino at the Strip center. If you ask for late-checkout they will let you stay till noon instead of 11am free of charge.The rooms are old and the TVs suck real bad. They have some sort of N64 controller attached to all the TVs that you can apparently rent games to play on. I have never done this and don't plan too. The rooms all feature a balcony, which is rare to find in Vegas. I have stayed here 7 times total, the rooms have always varied from clean to sort of dirty. Once we were given a room someone had obviously taken a fresh dump in and was missing a shower curtain, made the long trip back to front desk to complain and were given a new room way closer to elevators and stink free. The staff does their job, not much more, they aren't mean though. One time we ordered some extra rolls of toilet paper and the staff said someone would bring it up in 15 minutes, after 45 minutes of waiting we just decided to go gamble and quit waiting. When we returned to room there was a clear bag with 3 rolls of toilet paper tied to the door handle. Definitely get an A for delivering them even though we weren't in room, but 45 minutes was completely unacceptable when you wanna go get drunk and gamble! (On phone with staff I was told they would not deliver toilet paper if we were not in the room to answer door, so extra A for effort for delivering anyway)A couple times that I've stayed here the ice machines on my floor didn't work. I always bring a cooler so the ice needs refilled atleast once a day. So sometimes you have to go up or down a floor just to get ice, which wouldn't be a huge problem if their elevators didn't take 5 minutes of waiting each way. Seriously I have never waited longer for elevators than I have at IP! Also most of the time you enter the elevators since they take so long they are usually filled to capacity and cramped when they do arrive on your floor. They aren't always like this but I only mention it because a majority of the trips I've made they are. I have also never taken advantage of their room service, but I know you can have Hash-House-Agogo delivered to your room. their food is delicious HUGE and expensive! I split a mashed potato-stuffed bacon cheeseburger with someone and we couldn't even finish it! Definitely a treat if your lucky at the tables. Their buffet positively sucks, don't waste your money. We tried it before because we had a coupon for buy 1 buffet get 1 free. The breakfast buffet had a huge ass variety of food, but ALL OF IT was bland and tasteless. It literally felt like you were just swallowing calories, no taste at all. If you get up early enough, I believe before 10:30 (I am never up that early!) but if you get up early enough walk over to Flamingo they have a place there that sells the greatest breakfast bagel sandwiches I've ever had! So damn good! Also, if it's I believe after 5pm, check out IP's Pizza Palace, 2 delicious huge slices of pizza and a draft beer for $7! I wish they were open 24 hrs but they aren't. As for their casino floor, I hate there is only one bathroom on the whole casino floor and it's located all the way in the back of the casino, far from everything worth playing. When I stay here I do most of my table game gambling here, except I go to Flamingo for Baccarat and I go to Harrah's for Casino War. Everything else I play at IP. If they had both those games I'd do all my gambling at IP most likely. I have never felt they were robbing me at the tables like I do at some casinos. The cocktail waitress take their time, at least anytime I've ordered a drink there. The Dealer-tainers is a cool concept but I've never sat at any of their tables. I will one day get a picture of me and the Alice Cooper dealer! I always play their money wheel on my way in and out of their casino, the times it is open anyway, which isn't often.I think I've covered about everything, except their parking lot, man that ceiling is low! I always feel like I'll scrape my roof and I drive a Civic! It's also sort'a a maze in there. Good luck finding a close spot. The front desk is located about as far from the garage as they could make it.  Whoever it was that designed this casino hated people who self-park, I guarantee it! I've never taken advantage of their valet parking because I don't trust strangers driving my vehicle.Overall, if you want a cheap place to stay ON THE STRIP, it's cheaper than Circus Circus and far better located, so why not take advantage? Also, since I am fat, I should announce I have never used their pool, so I can't really comment on it, but I believe it closes rather early, around 8pm I think?
3	So I stayed here with my boyfriend and his friend in April 2011 for a weekend. I used to live in Vegas and not once have I been inside IP while I was living there.But since we needed a cheap place and it was a good location, we decided what the heck.The hotel wasn't that bad. There were lots of people when we stayed there, but you can definitely see how old the building is. I wish they would renovate it even just a little bit. The casino was pretty good. If you play tables you should play anytime between 6-9pm. The bets are lower and they will increase the minimum bet after a certain time. As far as the room, it was decent. Decent bed, average bathroom, and I like how each room has a balcony and our overlooked the pool. The AC was kinda loud so sometimes it woke me up. The pool was decent as well and I liked how they have a few beer pong tables by the poolside. A couple things I didn't like:-The elevators took FOREVER and it's always packed when you try to get on one.-**Someone stole $100 from my room while I was away. I don't want to point fingers but I think its the housekeeper. My bf, bf's friend, and I were leaving to go out for a late lunch and I was transferring some money from one purse to the other. While I was doing that the housekeeper was already inside cleaning. I know that I had $100 in there. I was saving it to play roulette that evening. But when we came back and checked my purse it was GONE! We looked EVERYWHERE and we couldn't find it. I'm not 100% sure that it was the housekeep but she was the last person who was in the room while that $100 was in my purse.Aren't they supposed to have in-room safes? Well, IP didn't. BOO.But I'm gonna try my luck again with IP this summer (July 2011) and this time I know not to leave anything valuable in the room and I'm not letting the housekeeper in for the duration of my stay. TIP: Great deals right now for IP. Use promo code 33OFF for 33% off your stay if you stay for 3 nights.
3	We stayed here for a last minute get-a-way during memorial weekend. I travel with my small dog, so sometimes it's not easy finding a hotel in my budget to bring him to. I was pretty skeptical about staying here, after the reviews I've read, but I have to say, it's not that bad! We got in around midnight on a friday night and there was absolutely NO parking left at the hotel, they even shut down valet! So we were stuck parking next door at Harrah's. Ok, lets talk about the check in process... UGH. We waited in line for an hour, finally got in there, and they had gave our room away! All the pet stay rooms were full! Of course it was their eff up, so they upgraded us to a suite! The suite was nice! Huge with a GIANT bathtub, big enough for at least 5 people! My favorite part was the mirrors that were all over the ceilings! They were over the bed and hot tub! It was great! The pool was ok, they had guest DJ's the weekend we were there which made it seem like a real pool party, and of course they had an over priced poolside bar! But it was still fun! The only thing that pissed me off besides the parking, was the room cleaners, we had put a do not disturb sign on the door and when we came back to our room during the day, the housekeeping chick was in our room! Really?! I really dont know what was up with that, but I was NOT happy! I dont think I would stay here again unless I really have to. I stayed at the flamingo next door before, and it's a tad bit more expensive, not by much, but it's a million times nicer! :)
3	it was like walking into a huge frat house having a theme party. the dealers were all dressed up like singers and they all took turns singing. some were hilarious and others were too serious. they should be more hilarious. mariah carey sucked and lady gaga was too serious. the karaoke upstairs needs a renovation. considering it's imperial palace, an Asian themed hotel, I expected the karaoke to be amazing, Asian style, with private rooms and ish. it was more like a dead quiet stand up comedy stage with no audience members. boo.
1	I decided to try this place despite the bad reviews and my own premonition that it's an old dive casino.I got a cheap price being a club player and I totally regret  it.There's soo many things that went wrong while we stayed here.First I have to tell you it was for New Year's eve weekend.That being said while we were sleeping the first night,a security guard opened our door and woke all of us up(4) and asked what we were doing in there. Apparently the front desk didn't check us in right and gave our room to someone else.I told him we checked in earlier that day and he called the front desk to confirm.He said "oh ok' and just left with the couple that was with him and didn't even apologize! So we went back to sleep and 10 min. later-btw this was all about 2:15am after driving 4 hours from CA-the phone rings and wakes us up again and they were making sure they had the name right on the reservation!I was super mad at that point and they "generously" comped us the lousy 4$ a night charge for a mini-fridge for the inconvenience.I hope you guys can read sarcasm btw.Second night there was a fire alarm that went off about 1:30am for about an hour and there was definitely no sleeping through that.Another bad night. Later we went to the mexican restaurant they gave us coupons for,and of course they don't take coupons on holiday weekends.The other restaurant-japanese-ripped us off cuz their prices are ridiculous and we literally waited an hour for 1 persons food.Everyone else had ate but him and they didn't even think to comp his meal. So 84$ later we didn't leave a tip. Needless to say I will never stay there or eat there again.I have been to many of Harrah's properties and have never had a bad experience anywhere else.
3	What can I say, before staying here I already knew how it was going to be like, but not all my assumptions were true. Originally I reserve two adjoining rooms for my friends and I, but there were none when I showed up. They offered me an upgrade for 80 a night for a two-bedroom penthouse which usually is 140 a night. Hey what can I say four nights in a two bed room penthouse with a bar, large jacuzzi, and a balcony for less than $600. What a great deal!!! The penthouse house was nice, although the furniture needs to be updated and small things here and there needs to be fix.Imperial Palace layout is so0o0 freaking confusing. So many towers and stairs and elevators for different buildings is so unnecessary. In the end, IP is cheap and center of the strip and good entertainment. I would only stay here again only if I get the Penthouse. If you plan to stay here don;t expect much from this place. Its not as nice as Caesars but you get what you pay for. Only reason why I stay here was it was cheap and who sleeps in Vegas anyways??? Why get a nice place if you're not gonna stay in it to enjoy it?
4	OK here it is I am a bit of a posh git when it comes to staying in a nice hotel when I go away but dammit if this place did not get me to stay three times so far when I could have gone to a high end casino... I actually call this place the Imperial Cockroach but you know what it is not like you live in the hotel when you go to Vegas at the end of the day any Vegas Hotel is simply a box with a bed in it so what is the point in staying in a $400-$500 a night hotel room unless you are with Britney Spears or Rachel Welch?Off course its nice to dress up like a stick of gum holding a Martini and walk around in a fancy casino like James Bond or if so inclined wear an eye patch and carry a cat.The Imperial is cheap its convenient and its Vegas it is right in the center of everything you can get to anywhere from it so if you have gone away with friends or even on your own its a great last minute option if you suddenly wake up and shout VEGAS!!!! .... It is easy to book into and does not leave a dent in your wallet from a wrecking ball.. So throw your case in the room get dressed up and walk out the front door the strip is right there.. And besides its Vegas you will not remember much the next day anyway let alone where your room was ;)
2	Do not stay at this hotel. Okay to gamble at and Hash House is upstairs, but other than that, the rooms are pretty tiny and beds, not so comfortable, pretty sure they had bedbugs o__O not too happy with that. The pool area was alright. Always stocked with towels. It ALWAYS smells very strongly of  cigarette smoke, which if you can't tolerate it, it's extremely irritating. My friend got our room for free so that's the only reason why we stayed here. NEVER AGAIN though. I would NOT recommend this hotel to ANYONE. Housekeeping didn't keep up with their cleaning schedule because on our first night, our rooms weren't cleaned until almost midnight. The pool has a volleyball net in the middle which left very little room for guests to enjoy the entirety of the pool to actually swim. The water was luke warm at best, but that's because we came out around 10am, which in Vegas in the middle of summer was understandable. Honestly, they're lucky Hash House is located here or else I doubt anyone would ever come here.
1	Is there a way to give negative stars?? On a family trip, my Aunt suggested this place due to her rewards points and it's proximity to the strip. The rooms were old and the sink drained slowly. I was afraid to use the shower. Our room was on the 16th floor facing the strip and you can hear EVERYTHING going on down there!  On top of that only one elevator worked in our tower causing LONG waits to get up and down from your room.  I was VERY surprised that this hotel was owned by Harrahs as the Harrahs properties I have stayed at before were decent and this was definitely a flea bag. The only good thing about this place was it's restaurant House Hash a Go Go! If this is your only option for a hotel, you will be better off sleeping in your car.
4	Just returned home after a 3 night stay. We are on a tight budget on aproject and the IP filled the bill. Check in for our two rooms wasquick. The desk lady  also gave me two messages from others in our group who'd arrived earlier, so that part of the IP's operation was working. The rooms were ok. The next morning we had a meeting room reserved and the staff went above and beyond getting a A/V gizmo we hadn't reserved and the meeting went off without a hitch. Still minding a tight budget, we had a working dinner in same room rather than opting for one of the high dollar restaurants on or near The Strip. This was a last minutething and the IP came through for us. The food was good and the service, excellent. Again, their staff made all of the difference. Sure, the IP isn't The Wynn, but neither are its prices. We'll be back in October.
3	Imperial Palace is a great for your ideal partier. Prices are decent. But you get what you pay for. The water pressure for shower is do-able but can have more force. Housekeeping was very nice. They provided us with a large amount of towels so that was a "+". Imperial Palace's location is great!! to the right of the casino there's a liquor store just a few steps away. Eatery's are also of walking distance in the same direction IE. "MC Donald's, Chipotle, Subway, Pizza and Chinese". The pool is decent. Very chill. I stayed out there for about an hour just relaxing listening to the music and watching everyone play volleyball =). I would recommend this place to people that are just in their rooms to sleep and or take showers. I wouldn't want to be cooped up in the room here though. But who really wants to be in their room for a long time in Vegas anyways... ITS VEGAS!!! GET OUT THERE AND PARTY!!!! =) What's also great is that each room looks like it has a balcony. So you get to feel how hot/ cold it is before stepping outside. The casino has entertainers singing "famous people" songs. One was singing a "P!nk" song and the singer dressed up as P!nk had hair like her. I really thought it was her!!! I had to do a double take. For the more intoxicated, they probably couldn't tell the difference haha. Also They had a Michael Jackson poker dealer, I also had to do a double take on him too. I recommend this place to the ultimate partier [on a budget...] !!!! =)
4	just stayed here again and everything was the same but the staff I had to deal with were a lot more helpful and came through with what they promised.. Room's (we switched rooms after the strip view was a tad to loud for my girlfriend to sleep) were both very clean and comfortable to sleep it, though I have to admit the off-strip view rooms had a bit thicker mattresses that were a bit more comfy, only problem we had this time was the first night 2 of 3 elevators were not working.. Made it a tad long to get back to our room when we had somewhere to be.. Overall I will definitely return in the future.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!!!!!!  I endured a four night stay ending on July 3, 2011.  I booked the room online because the place is located right across the Strip from Caesar's and the room was relatively cheap. Here is what happened: (a) Upon check in, I was told told that I would not be staying in the actual hotel itself, but in the "Capri Building" located out back.  The Capri Building is the former Flamingo Capri Motel.  Just like any motel, you enter your room from an outside walk way (not from inside an enclosed hallway).  The other side of the walk way is a multi-story parking garage which is also the only view from the room. The shower was dirty.  Trash from a prior guest was under one of the beds.  One morning I woke up to find a HUGE (but deceased) cockroach in the middle of the carpet.  When I asked the front desk why ahd been placed in the Motel- and was not told about ti ahead of time- the response was "well, you booked the room at a cheap rate", and that I could stay in the actual hotel if I paid an "upgrade fee".  It was the victim of  a "bait and switch" that- in my opinion- borders on fraud.  (b) Unlike every other decent hotel, there is no Wi-Fi unless (of course) you pay another "upgrade fee".   Since I was spending the vast majority of my time in Vegas at a Conference (during the day) and out (at night), I sucked it up, figuring that I would only be sleeping there.  When I left, I felt dirty and with a bad case of the heebie-jeebies.  SO AGAIN- DO NOT STAY AT THIS DUMP!!!!!!!!!!
3	It's CHEAP and with that said, you get what you pay for.  IP is one of those places I stay at when I'm on a budget and just came to gamble and nothing more.  Just gimme a clean bed to  sleep on and clean shower to get ready in and I'm set!The casino is riot with the Dealertainers and people always seem to have fun.  They're one of the few hotels on the strip that offer $5 blackjack during peak hours/days.They recently added a Hash House a Go Go upstairs... limited seating though.Overall, if you're not picky... then IP is the place to be.
4	That's right, I gave it four stars! It is cheap, but it is awesome! Check your ego at the door, this place keeps it real center strip style. Low stakes, central location, friendly bar tenders and dealers, and free shows every few minutes every night in the center of the casino! None of that clubby snobbery here! The celeb impersonators were great, some better than others, but it was free and they were dealing around the stage when not performing. The price is cheap and the rooms are tiny, but who goes to vegas to chill in the room? There was even a lil balcony, so that was nice. I must be ghetto/trashy as other reviewers say because I loved it and spent a lot of time there. The karaoke was lame, two years ago it was great, so it is a coin flip. But the piano bar at Harrahs next door was a fun karaoke time. Our room had a view of the strip & it was hella loud until about 3AM, but that was perfect for us. The rooms were clean and the pool was nice. We put the do not disturb sign up and were there for 3 nights total. We got a deluxe room in 'tower 5', which was right off the casino and did the express checkout. It did take 35 min to check in, but that is because the line was huge. It is a $15-17 cab ride to & fro the airport (plus tip) and a $6 shuttle. It was about a $20 cab to 'downtown' (freemont st), but we just turned around and came back to IP. I didn't eat there, but  I recommend a bloody mary, some bar blackjack and hittin up a few slots!
2	What can I say about Imperial Palace that hasn't already been said before? The paint cracks off the walls, the rooms are junk, and the service is terribly slow, but this is the best bang-for-your-buck location on the strip.First the positives: Imperial Palace is probably the cheapest location on the strip that is in the middle of EVERYTHING. Stashed between Venetian and Flamingo, and directly across from Caesar's Palace, a large number of upscale hotels, eateries, and nightclubs are a hop-skip away. If you're looking for overcrowded nightclubs, Tao is right next door. If you're looking for ambiance and a romantic walk, Mirage and Bellagio are spitting distance. If you're looking for one of the best burgers of you life, Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville can be pissed on from your hotel room. Did I mention Fat Tuesdays are in the lobby?Imperial Palace also has the cheaper gambling on the strip as well. If you're looking to play some $5 blackjack with a fat Shakira look-a-like or poker with a rapping Joaquin Phoenix, then IP is the spot for you. I personally like gambling here. No pressure, and you usually come ahead a few bucks.The maids were great. We trashed that room, and they cleaned it up great for the next night.Now for the negatives (there's a lot of them): When we first got to the room, the floor was soaking wet. It was like they had just washed the carpet after the previous residents had trashed the place. We knew that it was only a matter of time before the water began smelling, so we immediately called room service to change our room. Half-hour later we're in another room with dark sticky stains on the walls and a floor that is slightly damp. We're ready to start our Vegas weekend, so we order a few extra pillows and some towels so we don't have to do it later. We end up waiting in the room for almost an hour before they drop off our stuff. Ridiculous.This room needs a mini-fridge. We used the empty trashcan and the sink to store our ice/alcohol while using the bathtub to wash our hands after taking care of business (I know, ghetto). The bathtub was clogged. Water did not drain quickly, and we ended up taking showers in a half-filled bathtub. At least our bathroom wasn't the worst one in the hotel. Downstairs in the lobby, wallpaper peeled off the walls of the men's restroom.Despite Imperial Palace having terrible rooms, you get what you pay for with a CHEAP price, but at least its a great location. Would definitely come back here considering I don't spend much time in the hotel room anyway as I'm usually busy out eating, drinking, or gambling in the city.
2	As mentioned previously, you go here to get a cheap room. Sure, the carpet might be stained, the wallpaper and paint might be peeling, your clothes and hair might smell like old smokers' lung cigarettes, but you will get a great deal on your hotel room!Just make sure you don't get a room on the same side of the pool because there is a huge outdoor bar and concert stage that seems to blast their music all night long. But for those of you who plan to be out all night anyway, I guess this will have no impact on you.Will I stay here again?? I would rather not if nothing else is available.
4	some of the peeps I was with referred to it as the "imperial ghetto" but who cares? it's cheap, central on the strip, the rooms aren't bad and I've seen shitty rooms (see my review for tahoe inn), and who goes to vegas to kick it in the hotel all day anyway?
2	Roadhouse is joke. Seedy folk galore out front. No police? Time machine -1974 in full effect. Somehow I always walk through though. 2.5  stars.
4	Ok, for all of you out there giving this place a 1 or 2 star rating, why don't you try paying for a better hotel room next time. This place is cheap for a reason! If you go to Vegas and plan on spending enough time in your hotel for you to worry about things like the paint cracks or the small room sizes, than you are in the wrong city. The IP has an amazing location on the strip, you are central to everything. The rooms are cheap which leaves more $$ for amazing food and shows. The casino is fun, you can usually get upgraded and you are on the strip in 10 steps. Big fan!
1	First of all, bring on the one star reviews! Anything more then that.. you are contributing to a bad cause. Don't even give this place any respect at all. Do I sound harsh? Yes. Should I be? Probably. My mindset was never to make the "IP" my primary hotel. I was just here as a crash room. But who would've thought spending such little time here can cause a ton of misery. I literally spent about 5 hours total (including sleep time) at this joint. I hated every minute of it. So lets rewind to the miserable few hours I had at this place. We spent all this time driving out from SoCal, the first thing we wanted to do was just to check in so we can be on our way out and club over at Gallery. I had a table setup and waiting for us. We just needed some room to get ready. This place couldn't really give us that. The mishaps of course started when first walking through the parking garage and you are subjected to the smell of dog shit. I kid you not. You see a sign on the way from the garage to the casino that there is some type of dog park in some back alley. WTF? .. Why...? So we keep walking through this maze. You see one sign after another, go through alleys, tunnels and stairwells until you get into this old strip mall from the 1950s and that will lead you to something that they call the lobby. On the way there I decided to have my troops chill out. Set our stuff down for a minute, I will go grab the keys and come back. As I was getting settled in, some magical high power made my hand slip and we dropped our first 1.75L of Stoli I had in a bag and it crashed and spilled all over the place. "FUCK ME"  There goes the pregame party. I go up to the counter and homeboy tries to get me to do this $20 upgrade just so i can get two queens. This is after I booked 2 queens, printed out a reservation and it said I had 2 queens on there. He saw the frustration in my face and knew his tactic failed. So I m not sure if this was how I got punished. But we got placed at this "special" towers that are on the 2nd floor of the 2nd floor of another tower. Finding our room basically took two separate sets of elevators and some maze crawling. This ordeal took like 30 minutes to figure out. By the time we walked into the room, opened the door and saw that it looked shittier then a motel 6 in the middle of Bakersfield, we had no energy to get angry anymore. The room has a total of 2 power outlets... "Bah fuck it." The room has one sink that clogs when you are washing your hands.. "hmmmmm... Fuck it.." Half used toilet paper and no back up roll.. "Fuckity Fuck it!" We decided to stay at this room like we are camping and it worked out for the best. "FUCK YOU IP!" Thank god we had bottle service that night and 4 more days at MGM Signatures to look forward to. Buyer beware. Its cheap for a reason and don't make the same mistake I did!
1	The hotel deserved 2 or maybe 3 stars.  The service from one lady in particular helped to ruin my extended stay here.  Heather at the Key pick up desk at 9:20PM on July 15th was a complete **itch and called me a liar over a minor issue on my last day.  And this after about 3 weeks here and constantly tipping around 25% on my frequent orders and tabs.I play poker and am here working mostly.  I play all night then have "dinner" and go to sleep around the time many wake up.  On my last day i screwed up and didn't think it was check out day. I had done long extensions twice and just thought i had one more day.  The next morning the maid knocked on my door and i figured it was just that their crappy do not disturb sign had fallen off.  I wasn't aware until the phone rang sometime later that i was supposed to be checked out already.Well i let her know that i had screwed up and that i would like to stay another day.  The gal said OK, i could stay another night and that i would need to see them in order to get my new key for the electronic door.  So i figured, "ahhh, mission accomplished, sleep time."   Well it turns out i wouldn't be getting any significant sleep.  The maid knocked on my door 2 more times.  I believe it may have been a different maid but i don't know.   I told the first one i had extended stay and no service.  So that is why i guess they came by 3 times waking me up.  Then finally the last supervisor lady came by.  She was not polite at all and acted like i was screwing them or something.  I was told that i had to go down and sign immediately.  Now if i had just been told this originally would i still have had people come by my room 4 times and one ineffective phone call that i thought extended my stay?The kicker was when i complained to this Heather she didn't give a darn and then had the rudeness to tell me she didn't believe i actually got called to see why i was still in my room and if i was checking out.  Well nothing sucks more than being accused of lying by a company you now hate and has you by the balls.I won't come back to this property regardless of my otherwise fine service before today.  Heather made sure of that.  Any company that calls me a liar after being a good patron for so long can bite me.
1	if cheap is what your looking for cheap is what you will get.we just had a layover in LAS so we found the cheapest hotel on the strip, beds were ok the tv worked, and the bathroom worked lol- was it pretty megh, but we just gambled a little bit then went to sleep. this place looks like its stuck in the 80's. EVERYONE is drunk, and you would think being in the hotel area upstairs you could get away from it... nope... when we tried to get to sleep people started knocking on our door yelling to let them in.
4	Why a 4-star rating, might you ask? We all know this isn't a hot hotel, it's a run down, bastion of cheapness for college students and older people, the elevators are in dire need of repair, the weird entrance isn't off the strip, and the parking garage elevators (if you can even find them) smell like piss. However, I had a great, cheap stay here with great service. We needed one day before meeting up with some friends at MGM Signature the next night, and scored a Luv Tub room for $80. Didn't arrive until 2AM, and the hostess upgraded us to a suite without us even asking. Score! Some other guys in line with us were upgraded to a penthouse. I guess the key is to check in late!I've seen friends' photos of IP rooms; small, tacky, outdated, etc. That's what I was expecting. Our suite was not only HUGE, it was very classy and tastefully decorated. It had a wet bar, sitting area, 2 flat screen TVs, a balcony (with not much of a view), the infamous Luv Tub jacuzzi and restroom one step up from the rest of the room. Mirrors on the ceilings above the tub and the bed (What are those for? Can someone tell me? :p) and the tub, although with no jets, filled up very quickly with hot water. Everything was clean and in great shape, which surprised me because of all of the negative reviews I've read.The tub also contains the shower, and is separated by the bed with only a glass wall, so this suite is definitely for couples or singles, not a huge group of your friends. There is a 24-hour convenience store downstairs, and lots of good places like karaoke, Fat Tuesday, Hash House a Go Go, etc. I really enjoyed my stay and would stay again!
1	This place is a dump but its cheap. We were in Vegas for one night for a concert and thought we'd have a Vegas experience on the strip. What a mistake. It took about 45 minutes of waiting in line to check in. And registration is pretty mug in the casino so it is loud, crowded, and smoky. The room was clean enough but the walls had no decoration and the furniture was shabby. The advertised "private balcony overlooking the strip" actually looked over the parking garage. Again wither the false advertising in Vegas. Next time we won't bother with the strip. Definitely not the IP.
3	Ladies and Gents, in Vegas (as in most places), money talks.You get what you pay for at the Imperial Palace.The following statement isn't meant to "qualify" my review or be showy, but my opinion of this hotel comes from the ability to compare it to the likes of Wynn, Palazzo, MGM hotels, other Harrah's hotels, and establishments in downtown and off Boulder Hwy. PARKINGIf you're driving into Vegas or getting a rental car from the airport, I strongly suggest that you enter the IP parking garage off Koval (the back alley) to avoid the crowds of people that make it difficult to access the garage off Las Vegas Blvd.REGISTRATIONIt's no hop, skip and a jump from the garage to the registration desk. You'll be walking through the whole casino. Yes, the wait in line-- even Sun-Thurs-- can be anywhere from 30 min - 1.5 hours. Room preferences here are really a gamble-- if you arrive at 4 pm, there's a chance a desk clerk will tell you your room isn't ready; if you get there anytime after 6 pm, all non-smoking rooms might be gone (if that's your thing). First come, first served. Take your chances!Also, I gotta give props to VICTOR-- he's always been really helpful, professional and just plain awesome. Thank you, Victor.ELEVATORSYes, the elevators are a bit tired and there's usually a crowd in front of them. I've never experienced a long wait for any of them, though, and (knock-on-wood) despite the creaking noises, I've always been transported safely from lobby to floor my room was on.THE ROOMSDeluxe and ClassicThe main difference here is that the "Classic" rooms didn't get reno-ed and the "Deluxe" rooms did. There really isn't too much of a difference here. Both are equally clean and pretty close in size. In the "Deluxe" rooms, you WILL find blankets sporting holes and tears, but given your heater / AC is working, you're good. If you're dropping your stuff off and heading out for the night, turn it on before you leave-- you'll be inhaling less dust when you get back.The bathrooms are modest, and it's true that toilet seat covers are removed.Funny, but I often find that the "Deluxe" rooms go for the same or a few bucks less than the "Classic" rooms. For this reason, I usually book "Deluxe"-- there's also a better chance for you to be upgraded if you book the "Deluxe."LuvTubBasically a "Deluxe" with a tub in lieu of a shower and a mirror over the bed. Has porn-shoot written all over it, but hey... you're in Vegas! ;)Deluxe King SuiteI was upgraded to the King Suite my last stay at the IP... living area, spacious, clean... mirror over bed and on ceiling above tub / shower.CapriOkay... I really think the Capri should be demo-ed! It's a small motel attached to the parking garage, but you need to go through an alley to get to the entrance. I haven't slept in one of these rooms (because my ass might be cheap but I'm not going to Vegas to make THAT kind of a gamble), but I've heard housekeeping doesn't really... "upkeep" the Capri rooms. There's usually a foul smell coming from the building that's detectable from the garage, and people loiter around the entrance at night. Women, I'm not being sexist against my own kind when I say this, but if you're traveling in a group of girls (and you're the type to party til late and drink), DO NOT book a room in the Capri Tower. Spend the $10 bucks extra a night and have one less thing to worry about.TIP: if you actually plan to sleep on vacation, avoid rooms that face the Strip-- you'll be right above a club that blasts music til late late late...CASINOThe ventilation in this place has gotten a lot better in the last six months. In January, I couldn't stop coughing while I waited to check-in. A couple weeks ago, I could barely smell cig smoke.FOODShort and simple: eat elsewhere. LOCATIONIf you're a die-hard Strip lover, the IP is centrally located.Would I recommend this place? Yes, but only to my budget-conscious friends with common sense. Even if you're in the Main Tower, there's no security to check keys. Anyone can access the hotel elevators and I've seen people wandering hallways and pressing against doors that clearly weren't staying in that room (or probably in the hotel). CALL SECURITY if you see anything fishy. Sounds like a no brainer, right? Shit like this happens in any hotel, but c'mon. No one's got your back like you do.Also, if you do have a car and staying on the Strip isn't a must, I highly recommend checking out hotels in Downtown and off Boulder Hwy. A lot of these places are newer (well, newly reno-ed), cleaner and cheaper (and quieter because locals visit more than out-of-towners). AND have better food.BOTTOM LINE: I would stay here with my boyfriend, but wouldn't bring my grandma or ditzy girlfriend.OK! I think I've taken up enough of your reading time. LAST MIN TIP: Book the IP with the Buffet of Buffets package if you're really on a budget.
4	The service is subpar and the rooms are quite dingy. But if you want a room in Vegas, on the strip, in a perfect location, for extremely cheap, then IP is absolutely perfect. I stay there almost every time I go to Vegas. It's right by the monorail, so that's extremely convenient. Ya you can certainly pay triple the price elsewhere and get a nicer room, but how often are you really in your room?Try to request a low floor. The elevators are absolutely worthless!
3	I'm not a fan, but I'm also not in utter hatred of this place. I think 4 stars is a fairly accurate representation of this place.Pros:- On the strip- $5 tables- Cheap rooms, even their slightly better ones not located in the far back.- Close to the Monorail- Nice staff- Run by the same group that runs Caesar'sCons- They seriously need to update their shit- Cheapest rooms are actually in a refurbished Motel behind the parking structures- Horrible design to get anywhere. They definitely built out instead of up.- Sub-par restaurants on siteMiscellaneous Stuff of Note- If you are older or have a walking aversion, make sure you are not placed in the Capri building. I cannot stress this enough.- There is a dog relief area in the back, so relatively pet friendly.- Taxis in the area know about the Capri building so you can actually skip the hotel lobby in favor of getting more directly to your room- $25 for the Capri rooms on an off day.- The Sports Book harkens to an 80s style betting area, and the outside lounge is devoid of life, and looks vaguely similar to Joe Pesci getting ready to shoot the waiter in Goodfellas for saying he's a funny guy.I had a great trip with my friends while we were staying at IP, but nothing beats the luxury the other hotels have to offer. Still, if you are looking for spending all your cash on the strip instead of in your hotel, IP is a good choice since it is considerably conveniently situated.
4	LOLOL!!!!!! of all the hotels to get stuck in in Vegas, we were stuck inside Imperial Palace. Don't get me wrong, as I've mentioned I love this place. We drove here and gambled and lost all of our money. So the first universal reaction is.. LETS GET THE FCK OUT OF HERE. Then the funniest thing happens. It was pouring rain outside and a little mini katrina happened and they prohibited everyone from leaving. It was basically a smack in the face " oh you lost money? well you are stuck here so go in there and lose some more!"Seriously, there is a limit. Imperial Palace may be slow to renovate their hotel physically to match the rest of the modernized Vegas but you guys have to at least improve the water drainage system for the safety of visitors right? There was literally no way out of that damned parking lot because a river filled with garbage was flooding the entire 1st floor. Luckily we were only trapped here for about an hour and slipped out when they suddenly decided to let folks out. It was quite a ride. It was like one of the rides in universal studios. As we drove out there was masses of water and debris beside us just flowing. I'm telling you, Imperial Palace is where ALL of the action is. Even the rainwater concentrate here.
4	A one nighter in Vegas is always a good time and I got the Pet Stay dog-friendly room so Maddy could come along.  Just to fill you in, those pictures with the dogs playing poker is not true.  Maddy does not have opposable thumbs to be able to hold the cards.A dog room was $150 on a Thursday night.  The front desk gave Maddy a whole bag of dog treats.  She loved them.  I felt like the body guard of a celebrity while walking Maddy through the casino.  She got so much attention since she's cute and people are not used to seeing dogs in a casino.The dog friendly rooms are all in the way in the back of the hotel next to the self parking.  I could hear dogs barking up and down the corridor.  The room was much larger than a regular room, complete with large jacuzzi tub and mirror over the bed.  What did they think that I was doing with my dog?!?!The rooms are near the little fenced-in dog run with dog poop bags and trash can.  They keep it pretty clean considering how many dogs use it.  The dog run also has a water bowl that automatically runs water when your dog approaches it.  Maddy was afraid of that.I asked, but they did not have a dog walking service.  Now THAT would have been great.
3	Its not the best hotel, but it is the cheapest and placed right in the middle of the strip. The buffet is not great, but it gets the job done if you are starving and needing some food after a hang over... its not the greatest, but its the IP what were you expecting.
2	Got a great deal via Hotel Tonight so it's off to Imperial Palace. From scanning review here I wasn't expecting much and my expectations were met. The place needs a refresh badly though they seem to try and keep it clean. It took 90 minutes to check in on Sunday afternoon. They were nice enough to pass out small bottles of water but I would have preferred adding more staff to get everyone checked in. The woman that checked me in was friendly and helpful but not very speedy. With the line as ugly as it was you'd think they'd try to keep the chit chat down. When I was done with my 90 minutes in purgatory I noticed the line was even longer than when I hit the door. I'm betting some folks were easily in for a 2 hour wait.The room was okay with carpet needing replacement but the room was clean given the poor overall condition of the infrastructure. I'd stay here again if the rate was cheap enough but I wouldn't go out of my way to book a room here. You can't beat the overall value given the location on the strip and the normal cheap rates they've been putting out.
2	I'll start with the good -  Price, Location, Dealertainers,  Hash House A Go-Go.   The cost to stay here was pretty cheap thanks to a special they were running through Facebook.  The location is great as it's in the middle of the strip and next to some fun, older (for the strip) casinos.  The Dealertainers are awesome entertainment.  They are celebrity impersonators who not only deal your card games but also break into song and perform on stage.  Hash House A Go Go had some great food so we lucked out not having to fast food or buffet it every day.  Now the bad - The rooms and the service.  I had heard IP was recently renovated but that must not have included the rooms.  Our room was on the 12th floor - we opted for a smoking room as with these rooms you got a small balcony - which must have been the party floor as everyone who stayed there was in their early to mid 20s and had at least 4-8 people crammed in one room.   Upon entering our room the smell was pretty bad - a mix of mold and mildew and old cigs.  The carpets were stained quite badly and the decor was old and outdated.  We figured we'd be fine as we were only using our room to sleep in so we weren't looking for much.  We called downstairs to see about getting a mini-fridge and to ask about safes in the room.  We were notified that it would cost us $10/day for a mini fridge and that there were small safes available at the front desk but we had to go down and get them ourselves.  We said thanks but no thanks.  Also, the next day when we asked for more towels we were then informed where the housekeeping desk was that that we had to "get them ourselves."  Great customer service right?!  Oh we did stop to look at the pool - it's a smaller size one (the one in the pics here is Harrah's pool as we had a view of it from our balcony) but they had good music playing and I hear a good bar.    I don't foresee us booking another stay here but I would go back and spend some money in the casino.
4	A classic hotel right on the strip.  Tables seemed pretty fair as well as the drink prices.  Nothing too impressive and yet at the same time nothing disappointed.  Would not mind staying here again.
3	We stayed at Imperial Palace for 1 out of our 6 nights in Vegas. Why? Just because they're super cheap. Our 1 night costed only $35 compared to the thousands that our 2 rooms costed at Monte Carlo for the remainder of our trip.I didn't really expect much from the room, due to it being only $35. In order to get to our room which was in tower 4 or something, we had to go through the casino all the way to the back, right past Fat Tuesdays. The casino has definitely seen better days and is one of the shabbiest I've visited on the strip. The bathroom couldn't lock but that was kinda good since we could just go in to wash hands or pee if the other person was showering. Haha. The beds seemed clean and the carpets were okay. The air conditioner however was super loud and I didn't like how low it was. One of my friends slept on the floor next to the AC unit and was freezing.
4	WHAT ARE YOU PEOPLE COMPLAINING ABOUT??!!!!! this place is awesome and cheap! we stayed here 4 nights and loved it. our room was basic but VERY clean and quite large. it center strip so all the action is at the doorstep! we asked for a late check out and they gave it to us no problems. the dealertainers in the casino perform and they are really good! there was pink, michael jackson, adam lambert, tina turner, etc. you have to go to fat tuesdays which is located right by the elevators on the ground floor :) the only bad thing is that the elevators take a while and i didnt have a balcony... but thats not to big of a deal.
2	Such a 1 star place, but so cheap.  With taxes it was under $30 a night!The downsides are numerous:- Mold in building 5- Harrah's "the Pit" is loud and heard until 2:30am- Old tv's- the crowd in the casino is dull at best- ungodly long check-in lines at all hours (20+ minute wait at 2am)Positives:- Price- LocationI would never recommend this place, you get what you pay for.  I cannot believe that they made any money on us staying there.  The flip side is that it really is in a great location for doing things and walking anywhere.  Probably best for the hardcore gamblers, less money on the room means more on the table!
3	Aside from the center-strip Travelodge, this is likely to be the best deal for the best location on the Strip. Even when the major hotels are $200+ a night, you can usually snag a room here for $100ish. Book straight through their website; sometimes there are 20% off deals.The rooms are okay. Nothing special but a good enough place to hang your hat between long nights of partying and alcohol. If you're not a smoker yourself, definitely pick a nonsmoking room. There is a dramatic difference, smell-wise.The tables here used to be depressing, but now they have a kitschy act called Dealertainers -- celebrity lookalikes who deal blackjack and perform every hour or so. Michael Jackson is pretty amazing. Good music selection too... during our time at the tables, we rocked out to Weezer and then jammed to Armin.By the way, I always have to stifle a chuckle when I see how many Asian visitors they have here, even with the exaggerated "Asian" theme. To me, it's like walking into Panda Express (guilty).
1	Why would you ever stay here? 1. The theme is ridiculously cheesy.2. All the casino patrons are really angry old Filipina grandmas (no hate, I love the Filipinos, but man y'all get mean after age 50 or so).3. When you enter the room towers, you literally feel like you've been transported to a prison camp in the jungles of 'Nam in '68.As a young lass, I once tried to meet a group of female friends-of-friends at the IP to keep the party going after hours, only to find that they were all Vietnamese and looking...rough. Given point 3, you can understand why I ran away as fast as I could and haven't been back since.
2	Quite honestly you get what you pay for here. Yes, yes it is incredibly cheap and it's located near all the newest and hottest hotels/ clubs. But if you are coming to Vegas on a budget and you don't care where you sleep at, this is your place. The room is pretty standard, two queen sized beds that are ok. Lighting is horrible in the room because there is no main light just two lamps. The bathroom is a decent size and the only place with good lighting to put makeup on. For a 3 night stay we paid total $86 dollars for that kind of deal you really can't complain about much. You really do get what you pay for.
1	You'll be tempted by the low price, and decent location. The casino is fine. Here's the catch: there's an outdoor, LV Blvd bar located so that in the Imperial Tower, their music will play until 3am, and you won't get any sleep. The even numbered Tower rooms face this courtyard setup at Harrah's next door. You can only complain and try and get another room; if they're full, you're screwed. The noise is very loud, vibrates the room, and is impossible to ignore. It rattles the mirrors on the wall-- even on the 12th floor where I stayed. I would avoid this place. The room was clean, furniture dated and an "old Las Vegas feel". People are pretty nice, but if you get a hotel room to sleep at a reasonable hour, go some place else.
2	It's very well known... you get what you pay for. We definitely go we paid for at IP Hotel & Casino. The casino is small and pretty lame in my honest opinion. If I wasn't staying there, I wouldn't have gambled there! The only thing it really has going for itself is that it's centrally-located on the strip and a good place to go either north or south. Otherwise, I'm not staying here again.The room was A/C'ed and comfortable. My biggest gripe is that the bathrooms have NO locks. WTH!? It's not like I was staying with my dad who wouldn't open the door on me; that's a scary thought. I was staying with friends... the ones that think it's funny to barge in! Yes, I wasn't a happy camper, but I managed to shower at odd hours to avoid any weirdness. The pool is rectangular. IP is an older hotel & casino so I guess I shouldn't expect much. But its a standard pool with a standard hot tub. Spent two mornings here with daquiri's in hand.... boy I didn't feel good once 10:30am rolled around. No more alcohol for breakfast!Good place for people with a budget that want to hit up Vegas. Although, if you're going to Vegas... you shouldn't be budgeting! Just don't expect a super nice hotel for the price you pay.
1	awful! -they charge too much for internet.-old and outdated-weird entrance takes forever to get to your roomI booked my room on Expedia 35 bucks at reception they asked for my credit card number for collateral, I didn't think anything of it as it's a normal practice in hotels so I gave it to them to my surprise they charged my credit card for the room $107 dollar!!!! after a long dispute with credit card company i got my 35 expedia charge refunded, which meant i paid 107 dollars for one shitty hotel
3	Do NOT stay in the Capri Tower rooms.  Just stay away from them.A friend and I decided to go to Vegas over Labor Day weekend.  Flights and hotels were pretty pricey for the holiday weekend, so we decided to stay at the Imperial Palace.  Through Travelocity, it ended up being $405 for four days and three nights in a room in the Capri Tower (including airfare, roundtrip).  Definitely cheap for Vegas.I've been to Vegas before (stayed at Wynn, Hard Rock, and Bellagio) and I'd heard/read the bad reviews of the Imperial Palace already, so I went in knowing it certainly wasn't going to be like the Bellagio, and that you get what you pay for.The location is really great.  You're in the middle of everything, which is really nice.We checked in (which, during the day, seemed to take a bit, as the line to check in was always long) at around 10pm and was told how to get to our rooms.  It was definitely a maze, having to take the elevator up a level, then walk through the entire hotel to get to the back door.  Then we literally had to walk outside to get to our room.  And yes, the carpet is filthy along the way.  We didn't know it at the time, but our room was actually in the very old MOTEL part of the hotel.So, I'm sure most of you Yelpers have seen a motel.  They usually have windows in the front of each room, and that's exactly what this was like.  Along the way, some were cracked, and if we weren't nervous already, now we definitely were.When we opened the door to our room, our jaws dropped.  The sheets had holes in them, there were mysterious stains on the floor, the A/C unit was very loud, the shower/tub was filthy, as were the stained washcloths.  I did shower that night, but I wouldn't dare take off my flip flops.It was late and we were anxious to go out before we got too tired, so we decided to stay in this room for the night, but try to get an upgrade the next day.Boy, was that the right decision.It was only another $30/night to upgrade to stay in the actual hotel, and this room was absolutely fine.  Good sheets, recently upgraded bathroom, clean carpet, clean towels/washcloths, etc.  It was a bland room, nothing special, but it was absolutely fine.  Who stays in their room a lot in Vegas, anyway?The pool was small, but so is the hotel, so it wasn't too crowded.  My friend and I rented a day bed for the day for only $40.  There were cabanas as well, but I'm not sure how much those were.Besides the awful room experience the first night, my other complaint was that there weren't any appealing restaurants in the hotel.  There was this place called Hash House a Go Go, but the food in their ads looked really strange (i.e. waffles with something that looked like vegetables on top?).  Certainly didn't look like anything I wanted when I was hung over.  But we didn't eat there, so I can't speak about how their food actually tasted.  The Burger Palace did serve breakfast, but the quality was questionable.Gambling is cheap here - $5.00 minimums, hello!  I did well the first night - put down $100 and left with $200.  We did most of our gambling with the celebrity impersonator dealers.  They were really fun and gave a lot of energy to those gambling (special shout out to "TONY" and "FERGIE"!).WiFi isn't free, but I haven't come across a hotel in Vegas that did have free WiFi, which I think is really strange.Side note:  Leave your freakin' kids at home.  I can't tell you how annoying it is to be getting my drink on and get cut off on the strip by some lady pushing a stroller - AT MIDNIGHT!  Those kids should be in bed!I was teetering on 2 or 3 stars, and decided to go with 3.  Just stay away from the Capri Tower and stay in the hotel part, and you'll be fine.
2	Never again!Stayed in this establishment for the weekend. The crowd in this casino is more for the younger generation.  A bit too rowdy for me. If not for its great location in the middle of the strip we would not have stayed here but what can you expect for the cheap prices. Also, aside from all the negative reviews this hotel received I'd like to add that the parking lot stinks and is confusing. Need more "Exit" signs... the ground floor area gets flooded really bad when there is heavy rains (this was in July this year) and we were almost late for Frank Merino's "Divas" because they closed off the back parking entrance due to flooded area.
1	In a word, appalling. "You've been upgraded to the Penthouse!!" Huh, I heard this place was a bit sketch, but the penthouse? Maybe there's hope. Elevator button "P" please. What's that smell? Carpet covered in cigarette burns? Door numbers written in with sharpy? Key in lock, what's behind door number 6? Cool, it has its own bar, hot tub, separate "bedroom", balcony with a view of a wall. Wait a minute, who decorated this? A drunken 80's drag queen on meth? 2nd graders with a box of melted crayons? Don't trip, babe, on the tear in the carpet, and don't think about lying on that bedspread. I'm thinking this room was used by Tarantino and Banderas to hide a dead hooker in the mattress. Good thing there is a Fat Tuesdays right downstairs, cause I'm gonna need to get sloshed to sleep (pass out) in here. Dear Lord, protect your idiot son who tried to save $50 bucks in Vegas. Amen, pass the everclear. DON'T DO IT!! You'll regret it.
1	I hate this place so much. The company I work for puts us here because it's cheap. Everything about it I can't stand. The lay out of this place sucks!!!!!!! It's like frickin shoots and ladders! And the whole place smells like crap. My whole experience here wasn't good.
1	Nasty, Nasty, Nasty no other info required
4	good price for rooms. clean and friendly staff!
3	I had a good time here.The rates were cheap but the rooms were too.I guess i got What I paid for.I liked the place alright but at night It didnt feel to safe in the back rooms . The service was ok .The biggest selling point for this place Is its location and affordability!.Next time I go to Vegas I would stay there but I would upgrade to a nicer room for an extra $32.The bathroom wasnt all that clean and their buffet is sad and lonely.I have to complain about the maze they call their rooms.I am great but I almost got lost once. My memories of vegas will always include room 2155.
2	I've walked by the Imperial Palace countless times, and I have to say the way in is the most well-kept secret no one cares about on the Strip.  Because if you wanted downtown-level cheap gaming you can hit O'Sheas or Casino Royale, and if you wanted cheap liquor, well, you can do that too.  Or get blasted at their "rockstar" bar they have opened out to the Strip with the girls pouring Everclear into everything and everything!It's gross and old and the only thing going for it is Human Nature, which saves this from a one-star doom.   Well, that and the guitar-shaped liquor containers that are a must if you're going to cart something gaudy and intoxicating around the strip like a true blue Vegas visitor.
4	Let me first start off by saying that I have stayed in hotels ranging from the Bellagio to the Roache Motel. The extra "e" is for the exquisite classe. I give this place 4 stars because it is the best bang for your buck. You can get 2 queen beds for less than $13! That is dirt cheap. I pay more for gas driving from LA than I do paying for the rooms. I even stayed here on Christmas Eve for only $20 and I booked only 2 weeks in advanced! You can't beat that deal!It doesn't smell like ass surprisingly. You can get a balcony too. I have had nothing but good service here. No one has been rude to me. The rooms are relatively clean, not dusty at all. It is not squeaky clean like the Bellagio, but I have no problems sleeping on the bed. It doesn't smell like feet or cornchippy from the BO, something I cannot stand. You know what I am talking about.  People here on yelp are talking like there are fresh cum stains on walls or something. It's not like that all.The best thing is that if I am thirsty, I just go down to the buffet and order drinks. There is no line! lol. No need to buy soda.Some things they can improve:- Nicer pool- Nicer TV- They need a better buffetBut hey, it's dirt cheap here. You can't beat 13 dollars (Yes, 13 American dollars. lol)
4	My friends and I booked a room here the day we came, after pulling an all nighter... the room was only 25 bucks for a night! All we needed was a bathroom and beds - and that's what we got.. we even got a balcony! Haha, this was a hilariously amazing deal - and we'll definitely look into it again next time.
3	I was planning a vacation trip to Vegas that went through various phases of organization, and although I was not originally planning to stay on the strip, my friend who was flying out to be with me accidentally booked a room at this hotel (I told them to book the Flamingo) so long story short, I ended up booking to stay here too and hoping for the best.Upon check in I was actually impressed immediately. The staff was very helpful with accommodating my requests for an accessible room and a refrigerator for medical supplies (there is usually a fee for this, but it was waived with no questions asked, and they also provided me with a sharps container and asked if there was anything else I would need). There was a brief wait to check in but it was tolerable, and after that somebody escorted me up to my room and brought my bags. The fridge, which I was told "could take awhile" was also there within 10 minutes of my arrival.For the price we paid for the IP (about $30 a night for a regular "deluxe" room) I have very little complaints. The elevators are indeed some of the slowest you will find, and people do not care if you are disabled and actually require them, and although the level of cleanliness is a "you get what you pay for" situation, I have seen far worse. My room as well as the bathroom was completely acceptable, and the water pressure in the shower was unbelievable.The pool area definitely left something to be desired, but we simply went next door to the Flamingo where we were able to get in for free for staying at another Harrah's property.It was nice however to be able to open the door to our "balcony" and get the music from the pool (although the actual balcony was a joke with a 5 ft cement wall you could barely see over, let alone fit more than one person on the limited standing space)The gambling, location (literally center strip- right next to Margaritaville, across from Caesar's) and price can't be beat (for 3 nights, and 2 meals put on the room, my bill was less than $200). there are even some decent places to eat- but don't be fooled by the diner- they only have burgers and pizza- I was hoping for a diner type breakfast on our last day. For a place to crash with minimal expectations definitely stay here, but if you're hoping for a taste of Vegas Luxury, i'd spend the few extra bucks and choose somewhere else.
4	I love this place!!! The restaurants have been upgraded from the last time i was here. The staff are amazing. Its super clean. The shuttle is located in the back of the hotel!!!!! Its centralized on the strip. The slots are a little looser.
3	Really inexpensive hotel rooms, so if you're on a budget, Imperial is the place to go, however check-in lines on Fridays and Saturdays are horrendous. The line was literally out the door.Saving grace for this Hotel/Casino is Hash House A Go Go, which has delicious food :) but alas it can only do so much with that...
1	This is the most disgusting hotel I've ever been in.  Some of my family members stayed here and OMG You can see dark stains everywhere.  It also smells really bad, like a very old place that doesn't get cleaned at all.  They also do not have enough ventilation and if you've got a car, it is a nightmare to get in and out of the hotel.  The only reason people stay here is because it's in the middle of the strip and it's cheap compared to other places, but seriously for an extra 20 bucks, you can stay at Harrah's which is next door and much much cleaner.
3	If you're looking for a cheap hotel in a good location, this is the spot to book. WE were on a budget and decided to stay here because the rooms were cheap and because of the location. They have a Hash-House-A-Go-Go and a Fat Tuesday in there so you are set! It's not like you'll be spending much time in the room anyways... you're in Vegas! The room isn't much. Just two beds. TV. Bathroom. Your basics.
2	I didn't actually stay at this hotel, however my friends did. I had to pick up tickets here at the box office in the casino for a show we were going to. I got a lady with long, dark hair.  2 words... COMPLETELY RUDE.  It's sad that there are people like this allowed to work in customer service oriented positions that can totally ruin a vacation.  I'm not one of those people who feel the customer is always right... however, I do believe that they should be treated with respect.
1	Good: bugs didn't eat us at night & it had a toiletBad: 10-20 minute wait for elevators, water smelt like sewer, hallways smelt like garbage, no toilet seat cover, valet & self parking full.This hotel needs to be condemned!
2	I wasn't expecting a 5-star experience, but geez....From the moment I arrived, I was turned off by the lack of attention from the bell service desk, which is inconveniently located inside and down a couple of stairs by the front entrance. While my family was waiting to be checked in, there were a bunch of other people crowded around the bell area, which also sits right outside an elevator for the Pagoda Tower, which I found out later is for almost all the eating places, lounges, gym, spa, meeting rooms, etc. What a stupid place to have the bell desk. People were consta'sntly having to move their luggage around out of the way of each other.Long story short, the casino itself is actually pretty fun and vibrant, with loud music blaring from the celebrity impersonator's dealer area, but once you go up to the rooms, the hallways leading to rooms have an old Chinese restaurant vibe. Ew. I can say that because I'm half Chinese and have pretty much grew up eating in a million different establishments. 5 star stuff: The employees working in the casino area were also very nice and helpul. If you need a quick massage or oxygen detox refresher, there's a super awesome "water massage" and oxygen bar kiosk near the back entrance past the gift shops by the tram. The owner is great!  Super SHADY doorman: Okay, I'm not dumb. I know that any strip hotel to airport cab ride costs about an average of $12-20, depending on location. So when my family departed the hotel in two cabs but arrived at the airport 10 minutes apart, I knew something was wrong. My aunt's cab driver took them on the freeway which is the LONG way and an excuse to rip you off. Our cab fare was $15, while hers was $30. My aunt said that as she got into her cab, she saw the cab driver and hotel doorman exchange a "look" and smile when she and my two cousins get in, and then she got a weird gut feeling that something was up. Many of these cab drivers and hotel guys have deals worked out when they rip off tourists. I scolded my aunt for not saying something when the driver said he was taking them on the freeway, but SHAME on the Imperial staff for being shady-ass. Make sure you don't get ripped off when getting into cabs at this place.
1	Cess Pool for showers......beware!Poor check in/check out system, warm water showers, no hot water and terrible drainage.....During our experience on Nov 4 drainage backed up causing the entire bathtub to fill and not drain with what looked like a "CESS POOL"....Pubic hairs, scum and all kinds of crap started coming out of the drain, just disgusting and unacceptable and a total 'Health Issue"When I called management all they did was offer a $15.00 off food coupon...Are you kidding me?Very very poor customer service and I would not stay here again...deserves no starsDelapidated and should be condemned, knocked down and rebuilt.
5	Imperial palace is the Wynn of my heart.It will be sorely missed.The gaudiness of the front entrance makes me feel like I am entering a time machine; it feels like the elegance and luxury of yesteryear. I think people forget that. That at some point, hotels like IP were a standard unmatched. I do not contend that it used to be the best of the best but it still feels laced with a retro Vegas aura. I love that old Vegas feel. I embrace it. It makes my day. Every time I walk into IP, I feel awed. I feel like I have arrived. I feel....at home. I'm a more seasoned/advanced (read: old) woman at heart. The mirrors, the plastic shingle chandeliers, the big neon sign on top, the short steps to get in, it makes me feel like a star. No amount of low-endness or diveyness takes that element away. It's classy, bright, brilliant. Magic. It's just seen the changes of age. But whenever I look at it, I still see a gem. I look at Imperial Palace the way an older husband looks at his old lady with the same admiring eyes that he did when they were younger. She is still a beauty.I love the rooms. The white and beige decor is simple, bright, and comforting. The beds are not the comfyest but they sure do their job. The hotel is not the cleanest but if you go in knowing that, you won't get your feelings hurt. Protect yourself. Other than that, it's a super duper fun casino. With a most majestic, gorgeous, old-school show theatre. Don't eat the food--protect yourself. Long, ridiculous check-in--bring something to read. Middle of the strip action. Cheap as a whore. Nice, little chair massages $1 for 3 minutes scattered throughout the hotel...I call it my cheap spa. Great dealertainers that make the atmosphere feel constantly energetic. Enjoyed playing craps and slots here. The shows are good. And Rockhouse is nice to roll out of bed and visit for a cool night out. Splendid.
2	LOL. You are probably wondering why would you stay here? My friends and I stayed here because we got comp'd since we go to Vegas often. We chose this over Flamingo/Bally's/Paris (sister hotels) because our friends were staying here as well. And boy, we heard all the horrible stories...and I must say, most of them were true. It was pretty gross, I think this place is the cheapest on the strip, but quality is also the cheapest on the strip. I never had high expectations, but it was pretty disgusting. The room was small and outdated, stains on the ceiling. The balcony floor was dirtier than the streets of Vegas. The windows were thin as hell and there was this one car alarm that kept going off. The hotel was confusing to roam around. The parking structure is old as well, and to enter it was old. There were 4 elevators that went up and down, and you literally have to wait 10 minutes to get on, there were a LINE of people for the elevators. Rooms were stuffy, old AC system...Hallway floor were old and dirty, everything was reallly outdated. Good drink service though. Not many tables. Some of the dealers were very rude. It was overall everything I expected though...dirty, disgusting, and yuk. On the brighter side, I heard they are going to put $30 million to rennovate this place! Hopefully it'll be better!
2	Got here yesterday and found our room. Flipped on the TV and found that there's no show guide...just a list of channels. I guess if you plan on watching porn all night it doesn't matter what's on TNT. Flipped on the lights and found that one didn't work. The maintenance guy, who was nice as hell, tried the bulb...didn't work. Rewired the lamp, didn't work. Replaced the plug, still didn't work.  Finally he looked at the cord itself and found that someone stripped the copper out of the cord. Really? I guess they needed to pay for the $12 pot of coffee. The room had stains on the carpet and ceiling. The people at the front desk were also very nice and helpful. I think they put us apart from other guests because it was nice and quiet when it comes to people ...we had the parking garage outside and a car had a sensitive alarm. The 'character' the room had is negligible to me since I don't look at it while I'm asleep. I say average for a hotel, below average for one on the Las Vegas strip.
1	Stay Away!  The hallways and bathrooms stink.  The floors are dirty.  It is crowded and rowdy.  The only good aspect of this hotel is fat Tuesday and hashouse.
3	Well, I have to admit that it's not my first choice of place to stay in Vegas but I couldn't resist booking a room there for two reasons. 1. Can't beat the rate @$25/night, right? And I just needed a place to sleep, so it didn't matter. 2. My client was staying at the Caesar's Palace... but whether I could afford it or not, I wasn't going to spend $250/night just for the convenience sake especially since it was in the middle of the strip, so I was able to walk around from the hotel to other casinos without getting into a cab!Anyway, I can't complain much and it worked out fine for my needs. However, I was surprised at the price they were charging in the restaurants. I went to Ginseng (Korean) for lunch and being used to cooking korean at home and paying under $10 for a meal in LA and SD, I was not happy about paying $15 for a meal that I didn't fully enjoy. The customer service was great though, so I left a reasonable tip. Quality of food could be a little better. The only cool thing about the place is that the convenience store was open 24/7 so I was able to get some stuff I needed at anytime. They have celebrity impersonators perform and deal cards in a designated area, which is kind of fun to watch. The other thing is that the room is Pretty Outdated.... I felt like I was living in the 80s.... popcorns still on the ceiling... furniture was kinda old fashioned... but like I said, I didn't spend much time in the room except to sleep and shower... I think they renovated one part of the casino and were charging extra $30 a night for a better room. But for me, I'd rather spend that extra $30 on a nice meal than for a nicer room to sleep in... But that's just me!I have to admit, that Eric and I snuck into the place next door one night and grabbed a burger and onion rings for a late night snack (there is a little food court - Burger King, Pizza and Subway) for $5 instead of paying $15 for the same stuff at the hotel. Bottom line is, if you are looking for a super cheap, convenience place on the strip to stay for a couple of nights, go for it. Otherwise, I'd recommend Circus Circus, Riviera or Excalibur for the same price. Would I ever stay there again............................. I Doubt It!With this said... I'm going to write another review of another venue where Eric and I went and spent a fun evening during the same trip... the Palazzo... :-)
4	I saw many hotel rooms in Vegas so I know how nice or not nice this hotel room was.....Honestly the cheap grade room was not nice. It's old! feel like 80s but I stayed a great price($20+tax, no resort fee) so I felt it was more than $20!!!!! If the room was $50 per night, I still have appreciate feeling!!  My perfect price is $70 for this room during weekday and $120 for the weekend. Coz this hotel located middle of the strip! The casino is old but I love entertainer dealers!And I like Hush house a gogo and Korean restaurant Ginseng3. I didn't have to wait to eat like other huge hotels on Strip. Anyway, it's not a fancy/gorgeous hotel but easy access and classical cozy hotel!If you can't stand old interior but you don't wanna spend too much money, stay at Paris, PH or Flamingo(renovated room or go room)
3	Made an impromptu trip to Vegas this weekend that started out at dinner in Glendale on Friday talking about what to do and then ending up leaving for Vegas that night. We were looking for a cheap room as we were only going to get it for Saturday night, and it was the cheapest on strip hotel that we were able to book Saturday morning at 1:30am so we took itWe didn't have very high expectations for the room as we knew it wouldn't be anywhere as close to as good as anywhere we have stayed (planet Hollywood towers, signature at MGM, Venetian) but we wanted a cheap room to keep costs down. We got the basic room with 2 beds. On our booking it asked what time we wanted to check in so we put 5am but they wouldn't let us check in until 9am and charged us the early check in fee, but whatever. Beds were surprisingly comfortable, pillows were standard cheap hotel pillows. We had a balcony, but you had to climb out the window to get onto it which was a challenge when we were drunk. Bathroom was standard, but the toilet didn't have the lid to completely close it which was kinda weird, and the shower was kinda weird and wouldn't drain till it was about 4 inches deep. Some if the wallpaper was torn off, spots where the walls had gotten wet by the floor and the wallpaper was peeling there too, and there were some holes in the wall, but it worked out fineGeneral parking is a little bit of a pain, and the elevators are a pain to get to the lobby and then to the room and around, not to mention the elevators smell like either weed or crayons, and are slow as hell. We ended up taking the stairs between our room and lobby, and I joked around that it was the marquee experience (if you don't get the joke, read some reviews on the marquee and you will get it).  The casino was alright and didn't smell as bad as old cigarettes as I thought it would, but walking from the parking structure to the hotel in the back is very shady feeling, especially when it is dark; glad we had a group lol. The cocktail waitresses in the casino were actually pretty fast bringing drinks and were really polite which was nice. Beer choices are kinda limited as they don't have some beers such as Newcastle or Guinness. Getting around is fairly easy as Caesars is right across the street, and it is a short walk to flamingo, Venetian, mirage, harrahs, you just have to deal with all the people trying to get you escorts, strippers, limos, etc but I have found pretending you have cards and doing their card flick thing back at them gets them to leave you alone, and pisses them off which makes for some funOverall, the hotel worked out well for our intended use but it wouldn't be a high choice for me to come back to on a planned Vegas trip
2	Room smells of regurgitated wine. Old beer can on patio. Hair on bath towel. But the location is good and the price is right.
2	Imperial PalaceOverall 2 StarsLet me start off with this, "DO NOT STAY IN TOWER 4".  I repeat, "DO NOT STAY IN TOWER 4." Avoid TOWER 4 if possible.  Well, get back to this later in the review, but it is very important, so we need to start off with that comment.Gold Medal - FREE Hotel RoomSilver Medal - DealertainersBronze Medal - Friendly StaffI joined Total Rewards, it is the hotels comping program.  You receive points when you gamble.  The more you gamble the more free stuff you receieve, rooms, food, etc.  Total rewards has other hotels in the program like, Paris, Ceasars, Bally's, Rio, Planet Hollywood, and Harrahs.  I usually stay at Harrahs for free, but have not been to Imperial Palace, so I decided, "Hey, let's try something new."  Here is when new is not always good.  It is good to stick to what is familiar!  Still it was a free room, so I should not be complaining.  At least not TOOOOO much.I arrived after midnight and most of the rooms where gone.  Here is where TOWER 4 comes to play.  The hotel put is in TOWER 4.  TOWER 4 was disgusting and far.  It was a journey up a escalator, a walkway, a elevator, another walkway, and another elevator!!  All to get to a room in TOWER 4??  What was the deal.  The walk to TOWER 4 you hike through heavily soiled carpets and it smelled like MJ, weed, or whatever you want to call it.  If you are wondering why TOWER 4 gets all caps, yes it REALLY was that disgusting!!This hotel is popping at nights!!  It is like a college party.  They have dealers all day called, "Dealertainers."  The dealers are dressed up like out favorite singers, Britney Spears, Fergie, Dolly Parton, Shakira, and the list goes on.  They even go on the platform to sing and dance.  Right next to you while you are gambling.The staff was very friendly at this hotel.  The next day we called the front desk to change rooms and the staff said, "Just come down to change rooms, I will HOOK YOU UP."  Yes, that was their exact words!  So Ghetto fabulous right!! haha  They moved us into Tower 5.  No need for the caps any longer.  Tower 5 was closer and alot more pleasant. If you have a choice I suggest you stick to Harrah's.  But a free room is still a free room.HAPPY DEALERTAINERING!!!
3	I should give them 3.5 stars. That 's right , you got what you paid for. Imperial Palace is perfect for people who are on the budget.  You can't beat $25 /night in the middle of the Strip !!.I decided last minute to come back playing poker at the Venetian Deep-stack Tournament and IP is perfect place because I don't want to pay 189/ night staying there. and it is in walking distance to nice hotel like Caesar, Venetian or the Wynn.  I didn't have high expectation about the hotel but they have good service and friendly staff. The maid always give you extra towel, soups and replace clean sheet everyday. That's all I need. I read all those Yelpers comment and select to stay in newer tower. Beside that they have largest classic cars collections which worth to visit.The drawback for the hotel.- The smoking: It seems like the smell from smoking inside casino has never been refreshed.  When you walk through casino to your room that smell with stick with you for a long time. So I tried to get out of the casino as fast as I could.- Elevator: It takes a long time waiting for elevator.
1	I want to start off by saying I stayed here many times before moving to Las Vegas.  This past weekend when I had a couple buddies come to town we had them stay at the IP.  Keep in mind there was nobody playing Craps before they got to the table.  STEPHEN, the pit boss was a total ass.  The grumpiest old man I have seen in awhile.  After he called security because my buddies were "too loud" (have you ever been by a Craps table, people get going while playing and it gets loud).  One of my buddies asks STEPHEN a question and he says "if you don't like my answer thats too bad".  Are you not in the hospitality business buddy?  I can't believe you still have your job, they must be hard up for good people at the IP.  Get the grumpy look off your face STEPHEN, you are driving people away from the IP, I don't know, maybe you are mad at them too and you are trying to drive away business.I won't even get into 3 of the times I stayed here I had stranges walk into my room while I was in it.  How do you give away the same room that many times.  My advice, take any free rooms you can get and spend your money in any Casino other than a Harrah's property.
3	Before I got to Imperial Palace, I was expecting to wake up with cockroaches in my bed after reading all the negative reviews on Yelp and everywhere else, but honestly it really wasn't that bad. It's def NOT fancy and I didn't stay on the dreaded Tower 4 (we were in Tower 5), but we were in the room only to sleep and shower so it served our needs fine. It looked like they had perhaps redone the showers as they were very clean, even the shower head. The towels were clean, the sheets were clean, the TV worked, and the beds and pillows didn't make me sore in the morning. I actually found the "Dealtainers" funny and ended up watching them when they performed. Not many tables in the place, but I ended up winning quite a bit on their slots so the casino gets a thumbs up from me. They also have a karaoke bar upstairs that can be fun, if you're drunk and into that sort of thing lol.Ok, here's the bad news: DO NOT go to the restaurants in this place! The smell alone will drive you away I'm sure. IP has a club (I think the Rockhouse?) which was loud enough to clearly hear in the room. I was singing along to the songs playing at 2am, not good when your flight is at 5am. This was probably because the sliding door to the balcony was coming off the track so it was impossible to close all the way. Also, I wouldn't walk around barefoot in the hallways....or anywhere for that matter in this place.Overall, for $25 a night I would stay there again. As long as they didn't put me in Tower 4!
1	I'm embarrassed to even admit that I stayed at the Imperial Palace. We stayed there once before when money was tight, and we vowed to never do it again. Why we went back on this promise, I have no idea. We must have been mad. We booked 3 nights over the Thanksgiving weekend. Two of those nights were free, so we went with it, despite knowing how gross the place is.The hallways in the tower we stayed in were dark and dank. All the doors are flamingo pink and look dated. And speaking of doors - the room doors don't even touch down to the ground. There is about an inch separation/space between the door and the ground, and you can hear everything going on in the hallways all throughout the night (including doors slamming throughout the entire floor).We smelled mildew immediately after stepping into the room. That nasty musty smell made me gag every time we stepped into our dingy room. The bed was flimsy, springy, and uncomfortable. The blanket/comforter was nonexistent -- I think they just put stuck thicker sheets together. The tile grout in the bathroom could use some cleaning. The room just felt dirty like you could get an STD from just sitting on the bed. On a positive note, the main casino is small but pretty decent. There are lots of newer slot machines, and the tables were pretty hoppin'. The location is unmatched and the rooms are spacious. Besides these things, there's nothing else going for this hotel. Not that it's possible, but I would give IP negative stars if it weren't for these redeeming qualities... However, don't stay here, even if it's free. Even if you only spend 4 hours in the room to rest your eyes, don't do it. There's a reason they give away free hotel stays - it's because nobody in their right mind would pay to stay in this hell hole.Pay the extra $20-$30 and stay at Bally's instead.
3	This place was on the mono rail stop too, so we got off and took a look around.  The casino floor is small, crowded and packed with people.  It's an old property but kept up and clean.  The smoke is more noticeable because of the low ceilings.  This one will stay on the bottom of the re-visit list.
2	Came here while driving cross country with my bf and we chanced it coming here in late August.  We booked on Hotels.com, and the room we thought we where getting was definitely not the room we got.We ended up in some sort of basement room facing a brick wall, extremely far away from our car, and having to memorize special routes in order to get back to our car, the soda machine, and well...just about everything. Hotels.com also promised us free wifi, which by the time the folks at Imperial Palace got around to even trying to help us get /clear up the misunderstanding as to why we didn't get it, it was time for us to go, and even then, it didn't work.I know going to Vegas isn't really about your room anyway, and we still had an awesome time, because, well, its Vegas! But there are other places out there around the same price range that aren't so dark and maze like. Special bonus points if you can move quickly to your desired location without tripping over all the empty dirty room service carts left outside everyones room!
1	It seems like they don't clean their rooms.  A friend of mine stayed here and saw the conditions of their room, I'm like... can we pre-game in mine? lol!Get a remodel like T.I. did!  The only reason why you even get a star is because I have to... and you have Hash House A go Go.
4	booked on expedia.  Cheap!!!!!!  In the middle of the strip!!!!!They have beds.  'NOUGH SAIDTheir bar rock house is low maintenance fun.
3	I have stayed here twice and I came back because it is very inexpensive and some of the rooms have balconies.  Good luck trying to get one you can walk out on though.  I got 2 rooms and made a special request to get one you can walk out on and both rooms I got  you had to crawl out a window to get on the balcony.  I asked as high as possible and they gave me 10th and 13th floor not bad.  Both of my rooms had a view of the pool.  The balcony I crawled out on had a pair of old shoes on and many cigarette butts.  The beds are very comfy the water nice and hot.  The housekeeping did a great job on our stay over service and was very nice.  Negative stars to the front desk, the first person we dealt with did not seem like he enjoyed his job and made checking in impersonable.  This is a hotel you get what you pay for and has a drunken college dorm feel to it smell and all.  As other people say it has a great location in the middle of the strip.
1	I don't care how cheap this place is and how close it is on the strip, I don't think I'll ever stay here.  I came here to do some pre-gaming with a group of people that turned out to be super lame but just from the building exterior to the actual beds and the room itself I feel like that the place has the swagger of a cheap motel for hookers.  Seriously.  I didn't even want to sit on the bed or take off my shoes (I ALWAYS take off my shoes) in the place.  They do however, have a tiny patio.  The whole joint is whack and what makes it worse is that the people who frequent the place look a little unsavory to me (I got asked by some dude if I wanted to score some mollies (MDMA) or coke... I decided to fuck with this guy and waste his time by asking how much and stuff and got his number, so if you y'all want some mollies... haha but seriously. Save for a little bit longer and spend a little bit more cash to get a nicer hotel on the strip... or go further away from the strip and catch a cab.
1	If you feel a temptation to stay here, I recommend you poke yourself in the eye with a stick first. It will be more pleasant.Seriously, this is the dirtiest, worst hotel on the strip. The plumbing barely functions. The food will nearly kill anyone with the hardiest constitution. Staying here is irreversible. I wish I could go back in time and tell myself not to do it.
4	So I had originally expected the worst from this place considering all the reviews I had read on here. Especially considering the fact that the last time I went to Vegas I stayed at the Bellagio, was I glad to be wrong. We stayed in The Deluxe King Suite, yes paid 400 for 3 nights but it was worth every penny. Don't get me wrong I know that when people go to the imperial it's to save money but I paid $100 more for the Bellagio for 2 nights and was a standard room. Here we had 2 big LCD tv's a separate living room a huge bath tub and a bar table. The king sized bed was extremely comfortable and felt new. I fortunately had the complete opposite of what most people here had. I was most scared of the smell, sheets and non working AC's I kept reading about but everything was PERFECT I had the best time and most definitely would go back again.
1	If you are looking for a way to stay up staring at the ceiling all night, without doing lines of cocaine first, this will do it for you. I'm not sure how to express what a shit hole this place is!
2	You get what you paid for. But it's clean and it's ok. It's on the strip.
3	Great value - Awesome LocationWent to Expedia and booked 5 nights at this hotel and a return flight to Vegas from San Francisco for $151 per person. Now that's cheap!For that price I got to sleep in a large, clean room with comfortable beds in a hotel located in the middle of the Vegas Strip! The casino is outdated and nothing special, and don't even waste your time going to their restaurants, but the hotel is really awesome for that low a price.
2	I am stay here because there were no other hotel that had a room available and I thought it couldn't be that bad. I drove in through the hotel entrance and the valet was full so I had to self park all the way out, in the employee's parking lot. it was a 15 min walk from the parking lot to the building. Took me forever to find the front desk, and after they couldn't find my reservation so I had to wait 2 hours to check in. But that thing that mattered most was the room and it sucked and dirty!!!! I would give this hotel one star but I just feel bad so I added an extra star.I HATE THIS HOTEL.
2	The best thing about this place: the location! Right on the strip across from Ceasar's place. The hotel is relatively a good size too but I've never even noticed this place because it doesn't have a wide entrance right off the strip. You have to walk down an alley way to get into the front entrance.I didn't choose to stay here, so I can't really go too much into the nightly rates. But seriously, my room met the bare minimum of what a hotel room should be. The TV didn't work. The shower drain was really slow or clogged, so the water built up when you showered. :(The bathroom towels had stains on themThe door doesn't lock automatically. You had to manually pull the door closed.There were light bulbs missing in the room. It was near the bathroom and the closet. So I couldn't even see what I was pulling out of my suitcase. The beds were overall clean and relatively comfy. That was probably the best thing about the room. The elevators were slow and some didn't work. I also found that the hotel layout was rather confusing, and there were a few times that we had to walked around in circles to find the way back to our rooms. Not cool. Signage needs to be more clear. I heard that they were expanding the hotel and doing some major upgrades. It's sorely needed. I don't think I can come back until then. **As a side note...my relatives also heard people fighting above their room. I'm sure they get interesting clientele here, so bring earplugs too!
1	I was in room 1685 and our hotel room was robbed last night! We had a laptop, camera, dolce and gabanna purse, my social security card, and many many other things and we didn't get any help! This was right before 11:30 so we were stuck inside for the new year party which is the only reason we came! We asked to not have any room service the whole time we were there, we even had a message on our phones from the maids who said they would honor that and if we needed anything to call them, all of a sudden yesterday we come back in for lunch and everything was cleaned, new towels new bedsheets, then coincidently a few hours later we were robbed. The security guy threatened to kick me out because I was crying because I was upset, he told me not to call the police because they wouldn't help me. I complained about him and was later told the first thing they are supposed to tell us is to call the police. I was told he would be reprimanded, yea right. Not to mention we left right after because we were concerned about someone coming in our room so they charged us $200 for the night that we did not stay and didn't offer anything at all! Don't ever stay at this place please be aware of how they treat you when things go wrong. It's fine when you gamble thousands in their casino but when something happens to your things all of a sudden the tables turn
1	Room quality was that of an average Motel 6, but my expectations were not that high. Was comped for the week so the price was right, and since I averaged less than five hours in the room per night for the week I wasn't looking for anything extraordinary this time. The poker room is tiny, but the staff was friendly. Nothing special on the machines, but it is next door to Harrah's and it is one of the stops on the monorail so it is convenient to the other casinos. It is undergoing a renovation, but so far the construction is not intrusive. I probably would have given it two stars if it wasn't free.----------Update. Went again two weeks ago and the construction is obscene. Jackhammers in the middle of the slot floor. The entire property surrounded by scaffolding and plastic. Water wouldn't drain from the tub. It's a shame, because the staff is over the top friendly, but the property is just run down.
3	The first night I was put into a room that overlooked the Carnival Court area between the hotel and Harrah's next door.  What they didn't tell me when I checked in was that there was an open air bar that blasted music until 3 AM.  No sleep. Front desk refused to comp me the night.  I kept protesting and they said they could not comp rooms. They eventually gave me a lunch buffet comp.Slept okay the rest of the nights once they moved me.  Beds were comfortable but the elevators and carpeting in the older tower I stayed in was noticeably aged.Price is right but know what you are getting into - management's hands are tied due to ridiculously low rates they are offering.
1	Ok, first of all let me just state that I understand that this hotel is one of the older ones on the Strip and is completely outdated, however, I do expect to be treated with respect and to get what I deserve. My boyfriend and I checked into this hotel on the 30th of December and left on the 2nd of January 2012. The first room, was not great, but ok. We had a laundry list of things that needed to be fixed.. one of which was STAINS, yes STAINS on the sheets! I don't know about you, but I for one do NOT like to sleep on STAINED sheets! The toilet did not  flush properly, the iron and ironing board were all jacked up and don't even get me started on the ventilation system!  Now mind you, we did not discover all of this until around 4 a.m. when we finally decided to go up to the room. So, needless to say, we crashed out and complained in the morning. The morning came, we brought our list of items to be corrected to the person at the check in counter, he seemed to be very  unconcerned about our complaint and just kind of shoved us aside by offering us a room change. We accepted the room change, but decided to go check it out before packing our belongings and moving into that room. Good thing we did, because this room was even worse, if you can believe it, then the first room!! We  walked in to this second room, and right away noticed a funky smell. We checked out the room, and looked in the bathroom only to discover FECES in the sink!!! Talk about disgusting! I just about puked! I was so upset I told my boyfriend we are definitely NOT staying in this room. We go back down to the check in counter, and immediately ask to speak with a Manager. This is now becoming insulting! The Manager who we spoke with, who by the way, also seemed to care less, acted like having FECES in the bathroom sink was no big deal. She only offered to have it cleaned out. That's totally unacceptable! I was so upset I was to the point of crying. One should not have to cry her eyes out in public just to be treated with respect. Cassandra ( the manager on duty at the time ) was totally rude and just said I can change your room but only one more time. We have limited space. Which I understood they had limited space, being New Years Eve and all, but come on! I asked her if she would want to stay in a room where there were stains on the sheets and she had no clue what it was, or if she would want to stay in a room where there were FECES in the bathroom sink! She didn't answer, which we all know anyway what her answer would have been!  So, we finally get this all taken care of, and we go next door to the Total Rewards center. All I wanted was some beads to wear for New Years Eve. This guy was there by the name of Grant, I believe, who was very Rude as well! He hands us a couple of "blue beads" and all we did was ask politely if I could have a purple one and Mike wanted a Red one. This guy mumbles under his breath "they should just take what I give em"! I mean, I understand that they are upset probably about having to work on New Years Eve, but does this honestly mean that they have to be totally rude to their patrons?!?!? After all, we are the ones keeping that hotel in business!The only good experience we had at this hotel, was the very last customer service agent by the name of Tigist. She was very compassionate and understanding of our situation. She even gave us some free dining vouchers for our troubles. We were not looking for anything of the sort, just somebody to be polite and compassionate and understanding. Thank you Tigist for being respectful and understanding and making our stay the best you could. Unfortunately I will not be coming back and I will be informing everyone I know of this bad experience and telling them not to stay there. Next time I am in Vegas, I will definitely spring for the money to stay in a much better hotel!
1	Dec 19, 2011 the front desk allowed an early check in for a fee. Upon entering the room I was shocked to see hair and soap scum in the tub. Upon further investigation I found toothpaste on the bathroom counter and half used shampoo and conditioner bottles on the floor. This puzzled me because the bed was made perfectly. While disposing of some paper in the trash container (brace yourself), I noticed a condom that appeared to be used. I immediately called the front  desk. Their solution was to send someone from housekeeping or to transfer us to a different room. After 20 minutes the bellman brought keys to a new room. This room seemed clean. By the end of a quick shower, I was in ankle-deep water due to slow draining.   While drying after the shower, I noticed short curly hair around the base of the toilet which I can assure you was not mine. I decided not to make a big deal of it and made a mental note to avoid getting too close to that area. I'm not one to make a scene and hated the idea of asking for a third room. In hindsight I should have asked for a full refund and found a different hotel. The next morning I made coffee in the room. Not bad actually. However, housekeeping did not clean the mug nor put another package of coffer in the room. The next day they again avoided cleaning the cup or providing a new one or supplying the room with coffee. I wonder how long they will leave a coffee cup with a 1/8inch of coffee in the bottom of it in the room.  Even though i had a very inexpensive hotel bill, i will not return even if compted.  The old saying is true...you get what you pay for.
1	if i had the option of not leaving a star a i would not leave one, but I'm doing them a favor by just leaving the bare minimum. Let me start out that this one of the oldest hotels on the strip but that doesn't give them the right to mistreat there guest nor is it an excuse to keep the hotel unclean. The floors could use a good cleaning and the elevators need a good scrubbing as well.Check in starts at 3:00 pm but since we we arrived around 10, (we drove from California) we asked if we could check in early and were told to come back at 12. We went off and played on the slots to kill some time. When it came closer to 12 we went back again only to be told that we are going to have to wait to 3 for our room, Which was the original plan anyways.        When it was finally 3:00, we got our rooms keys and went to check out the room. What we found in the room was disgusting. There was pretzel pieces scattered all over the floor along with clothes hang tags (they pretty much didn't vacuum). The chairs looked like they had black cum all over them. The carpet was black to the point were i didn't want to take my shoes off. The last straw was that the bed sheets had greenish/brownish stains on them, like if it where mold. hallways smell like cheap hookers and weed.         We called to see if we could get another room, and were told that we are going to half to wait another hour if we wanted a different one. We waited for an hour and and finally got at least a decent room that had no stain on the seats or sheets but the floor was still gray. The thing that i found weirs was that none of the toilets had a toilet seat cover, this isn't a public restroom?!         After enjoying the strip and driving around, we weren't allowed to park in the hotel because it was supposedly full. Even though we had our rooms keys the told us that we needed to park somewhere Else regardless if we are guest of the hotel. After we parked 2 casinos away and had to walk to our dam hotel we decided to complain because its ridiculous that we have to park outside of our hotel that we are staying in. The manager took forever to get there and the only thing that she could say was sorry and offer us a late check out time, (which was fine). The manager of security had to come to apologize to us and told us to go get our car and gave us his radio extension so they can let us park in the hotel. After we walked back to the car to park the car in the hotel, security was letting everyone park back in the Hotel which made everything pointless, including the walking.The only plus side of this hotel is that its in the middle of the strip and around the best casinos on the strip. other than that, its a filthy disease infected place. If knowing what i was getting myself into, i would have paid an extra $30 to stay somewhere else and have stayed in a cleaner hotel.
3	While not the nicest hotel on the strip it is perfectly located at incredibly reasonable prices. Also the dealertainers are just awesome to watch. I've stayed here several times and enjoyed it everytime. My only complaints is they no longer have Keno here and the buffet is only so-so.
2	Definitely a low budget choice. On the positive side it is inexpensive and centrally located. Rooms are generally clean. It has a little bit of a seedy feel that is kind of fun. This is an old hotel, probably would have been imploded by now if not for the economy. However, it's bustling with business and the location is fantastic. Sometimes you can get nice under $100 rooms. BEWARE that some of the rooms are in an annex building at the far far rear. These are older rooms and quite a long walk. Check in early (well before 3 PM). They are usually understaffed and the wait can be an hour!
1	Thank God there was free Wi-Fi this time cuz DH would have blown a Full House!This was our (mine & DH) 2nd visit. Both times we got there before official check-in time so we didn't have to stand in a long line. I think that's a common thing. Cuz at a certain time of the day all of the casino's we visited have a long line at check-in. The 1st time we were in the newer part but we had to wait a few hours to actually go to our room. Our luggage was kept safe in a porter's closet while we buffeted and let our psyches get use to VEGAS BABY!  Our room was very nice and clean. No smoke smell or anything. The reason they get one star is because this time when we checked in we got our room right away. BUT; after I had a long talk with the check-in lady about my allergies and I needed a room that was always non-smoking or at least smelled like it was non-smoking. She looked us up after DH told her we had spent a few days in their hotel before. Well, I guess we didn't lose enough money the 1st time because we were put in the old tower and the carpet was stained-torn beyond Mr Clean's magic. Not just in our room; up & down the hallway too. That's what we get for telling her we didn't have a preference. If there's a next time I'm PREFERENCING!!!
2	Obviously, you get what you pay for so I can't really complain.I just can't get over how dirty the place was and the crowd of people at this fine establishment. The bed sheets had stains that they didn't even bother trying to hide. Majority of the people staying here were over 50 and had soulless eyes, which just made it sad walking through the lobby/casino.Elevators were crazy slow and most of the ice machines did not work.But the place is in the middle of the strip, so that's always a good thing.
3	I'm never one to bitch about a hotel. I stayed in one with bullet holes in the ceiling in San Jose once. But I had to give this one 3 stars. First of all, if its your first time in Vegas and you don't know how to utilize the back roads, good luck being able to get in from the strip. Thankfully, this was my 3rd time in Vegas and I knew to enter behind the hotel (take Koval to Ida). Once you're in the parking garage, you have to take an elevator down, walk past the dog piss area, threw a hallway, across traffic, into a door, to go up another elevator. (hold on let me take a breath....okay.) Now when you get off the elevator, (did i mention you're still dragging your luggage?) walk threw the shops, then the casino, all the way practically to the front door, and then walk through the maze of ropes to the front desk. Luckily I didn't have such a long wait as some of my fellow Yelpers did. Maybe 3 minutes. The guy was quick. We booked on the website (deluxe room for $28) and he got us right on our way. Right on our way back to trekking through the Andes. Hope you brought water and Chex mix. Okay so we were in Tower 5 which is back the way you came through the casino, maybe halfway back the way you came. We were on the 11th floor, so we took the elevators up and when you step off, brace yourself. You will SWEAR you are in The Shining. Long, dark hallways. We had to walk down the first hallway, make a right, and then go all the way down another hallway to find our room. MEMORIZE this because when you're drunk later on theres no fucking way you will find your way back to your room. Once we got in, I was pleasantly surprised. The room was pretty nice. The view SUCKED. Theres just the Flamingo next door, and if you really peak around you can catch a glimpse of the Cosmopolitan. Theres no comforter on the bed! like WTF! its just a bunch of sheets. the sink had drain issues. The most awesome part: YOU CAN HEAR EVERYTHING. After I got dressed up like a hooker in true Vegas fashion, I was leaving to go to the Mirage (Pitbulls birthday party...VIP baby), I heard a guy puking in his room. My loud self of course had to yell: "its only 9pm you pussy get back out there!!!"So yes the hotel is a big dodgy. But if you only come to Vegas to sit in your hotel and stay in the one casino, get the hell out of Vegas and go to where I'm from. In Central Cali theres 4 indian casinos within an hour from me thats just fine for that. But I still drive 6 hours to Vegas to be out and about!! The amazing thing about this place is you're right in the middle of the action! You got Caesar's Palace, The Mirage, The Bellagio, Treasure Island, Flamingo, O'sheas, Harrahs...EVERYTHING in walking distance. Even in heals you will still survive!!
3	It's a hotel in a fantastic location on The Strip. Honestly, if you're expecting this to be a five-star hotel after seeing what you're paying for it, you are an idiot and should have your head examined. There are plenty of things I can complain about, but if you're spending the majority of your time in Vegas in your hotel room, again, you're an idiot. To the people who are considering staying at IP Vegas, don't be afraid. It really isn't as terrible as the reviews make it out to be. The beds are surprisingly comfortable, we didn't get bed bug bites, and our room was relatively clean. Again, you won't be here much. You're in Las Vegas.
5	I really don't understand the bad reviews.This is hotel with clean rooms at the busiest intersection on the Strip (Las Vegas Blvd. & Flamingo). It's within a couple of minutes walk from Caesar's Palace, Bellagio, Mirage, Venetian, Paris, Bally's, Treasure Island, etc. etc. etc. It costs significantly less than all of those places and gets you right next to them. And it has a monorail station.If you spend your time in Vegas like we do - which is out and about and almost never in the hotel room - you pay for location, which you will use frequently, and not for amenities that you may never use.It's definitely a five star not because the hotel is five star but because you get tremendous value for what you pay - location, location, location. If you go to Vegas to enjoy the amenities of the hotel, then Imperial Palace is not for you.
3	The best thing about this hotel is the location.  It is located pretty centrally on the strip.  The casino actually has good gambling.  The rooms are clean but BASIC.  Like, motel basic.  Don't go to this hotel expecting Wynn like accommodations.  It is more like a Motel 6 with a casino attached.  The rooms have plastic cups and old televisions.  However, the rooms are pretty spacious and the beds aren't bad.  This was our go to hotel when we were broke as a joke.  You really can't beat it for the prices we paid back in the day of $15 - $40 a night.  If you're looking for a place to shower and crash in Vegas and nothing more than this hotel is perfect.  If you're looking to live the high life then mosey on down the strip to the nicer hotels.
2	Stayed here just for the comp'd nights. The rooms remind me of something you'd find at a motel. Check-in was really slow. Seems pretty quiet on the hotel floors, which is the best thing I can say about this place. I guess they're fine for being on the strip and one of the least expensive casinos to stay at. But if you're able to pay a little extra, then I recommend that you do so.
4	A+ for the dealertainers, I could just sit there and watch them all day! I have stayed here in the past, in a tower room, and was very happy with the hotel as a whole. Nicely priced, decent rooms that were pretty spacious and a great pool. I also LOVE that the Auto Collection is in the hotel, I took my son there many times as a youngin'. Would definitely stay here again.
3	Okay, so it's old and no-frills and smells old and smokey pretty much everywhere--including the rooms, BUT it's REALLY cheap, located center Strip, and their staff are nice and provide good service. Cheap drinks right outside, too. Honestly, how much time do you really spend in your room Vegas? I wouldn't stay here all the time, but if I'm going on a quick trip or on a tight budget budget, then IP's just fine. It's no Caeser's, but it's on-Strip and is just enough.
4	I booked before I yelped and when I did read the reviews I was scared.. but I went and I learned..  Y'all a bunch of crybabies.. lets go to the beginning. Pulled into the front of the hotel, THERE WAS 2 VALET GUYS WAITING, so yes the do have valet for your lazy ass. I personally always self-park, I don't let anyone drive my car that doesn't have to. Asked where self-parking was. Drove to the back of the hotel, went up a couple floors parked with plenty of room, unloaded the car (a full sized cooler on wheels, rolling suitcase, and 4 duffle bags) walked a short distance to the elevator, walked past the few gift shops, and through the SMALLEST CASINO in Vegas (stop freaking crying like you trekked across the Sahara desert with no water, Cesar's palace has a bigger lobby than this whole casino). Check in was quick enough all stations were up and running, the wait wasn't better or worse than any other time I've had to check in in Vegas. The dealer-tainers are quite entertaining. Got to the room, it was clean (we got the one with the luv tub) and smelled GOOD (air freshener?) no smoke smell at all, we had a balcony. Bed and towels were clean, floor and chairs were as dirty as any other room I've even been in in Vegas.  Pretty decent room for the price. Mirror over the bed and luv-tub kinky shit!.. the things I didn't like the shower water pressure was heavily lacking, and the plumbing was weird the toilet would bubble.. ya, no comforter but the heater in the wall kept things plenty warm(it was a little loud though). There's no mini fridge or microwave in the room (this is how they keep the price down) there were TWO ice machines on my floor, both worked fine. The door to the room is a little thin you can hear people in the hallway whenever they walk by.BOTTOM LINE: Great deal, Great location, Great room for the price... take the hundred plus dollars you're saving staying here versus the other places buy some ear plugs, and a cooler and you're good to go. FOUR STARS, I'M A FAN!
1	Horrible place to stay in. Bottom of the barrel, cheap but at what cost? This hotel lacks security and needs to be sanitized. It should be demolished and rebuilt. On Friday someone broke in to our room and stole my friends wallet while we were sleeping. We woke up and chased him but he got away. He had access to the cleaning personals master key. The hotel did nothing for us after we lost 800 doll rs to their faulty security systems. No cameras but the one in the elevator. Spend the extra 10 doll rs and stay somewhere else.
2	I hate to be soo hard on this place, but it needs help. Run down old rooms and slow elevators. Good spot if you are on a tight budget I guess. Cheap gambling and the dealerentertainers are fun. Always has $5 craps. Sorry but there are better options close by...such as Harrahs and the Flamingo.
1	The only reason to stay at the ghetto IP is if you're a poor college student.  It's probably the cheapest hotel on the strip which will do fine if you're just looking for somewhere to KO.  I don't think we spent anytime here aside from sleeping but I remember being dumbfounded by how un-intuitive the escalator system was.  There were some that went down 2 flights, some that went down one flight, and no signs indicating either.  Pretty ass-backwards to have to take an escalator down two flights and another up one to get to where we wanted.  Also, our room had a nice view of the parking structure...
4	I have stayed here twice, and I have enjoyed each time.  That being said, do I think if this earned 5 stars, would it be in a different 5 star class than, say, five stars at the Cosmopolitan?  Absolutely.This place earns 4 our of 5 stars for being the one of the classiest of the cheap hotels.Moving on.Check-in was around 1 pm, and then had no problem with us checking in early.  Juan was the man helping us at the front.  He was AMAZING.  Everything went really smoothly.  He even accommodated us in rooms right next to each other.  He was a really nice guy!The room was clean.The bad:The housekeeping was spotty.On the first day, after we came back to the room after sightseeing, BOTH of our balcony doors in the hotel rooms were wide open.  Nobody was able to give us an explaination for this until we called down and Risk Management told us that there had been a fire on our floor, so they needed to do that just to be sure.Good to know.  leave a note.Also, on our second night there, the fire alarm kept going off at 11pm.  Any other city, this would have been a WAY bigger deal, but it was Vegas...so everyone was still awake :)But the place was really clean, super convenient, and I have no major complaints!  I had a great time!
1	DO NOT come here if you need a "pet friendly" room.They put us on the bottom level, right next to the parking lot.. it must have been room number 1 or 2, I forget.. but it was DISGUSTING (and took forever to get to since it was so far away from everything).The whole room smelled REALLY awful, it wasn't clean at all, the bathroom was dirty and rusty, the floor was so gross I had to wear shoes to walk on the carpet, the TV was too tiny to see from the bed.The casino itself is gross and dark.I will never, ever, ever come back. and I'm usually not a complainer.:(
3	I'm always able to stay here for free due to my Harrah's total rewards card, and some trips, it's totally necessary. We were placed in a Deluxe Love Tub room, complete with a large hot tub across the room from the bed, and mirrors above the tub and bed. Creepy. The room itself was a decent size and the bed was comfortable. It was one of the nicer IP rooms I've stayed in, and it looks like there's been some minor upgrades. This visit was just fine. I enjoy Imperial Palace's central location on the strip, it's so easy to go and hang out/gamble in the other awesome Harrah's properties. The casino itself is tiny and it's hard to breathe in it due to the cigar and cigarette smoke. Losing a lot of money here will make you reconsider living. Seriously, go elsewhere! At least you'll be broke in a nicer place! :)IMPERIAL PALACE, PLEASE RENOVATE AND UPDATE YOURSELF! It's so sad here!
1	Came to stay here  at a great group rate to wake up to blood stained sheets. So disappointed and disgusted. We had a room with double beds since I slept with our baby on one bed and hubby had the other bed.  Woke up to find the sheet above the fitted sheet had blood stains.  I thought mabey the hubby must have scratched hsi leg or something while sleeping and woke him up to find it was not his. NASTY!  1)how does the housekeepers place sheets on there knowing and seeing or do they even change the sheets. It was the coversheet above the bottom fitted sheet. Complained to front desk (Claudia) at 7stars she just called housekeeping and apologized (I think)... I didn't hear the actual "im sorry" but she knew it was wrong.  1 star raiting because there is no lesser option.  We didn't complain to get compensated but NEVER again will we EVER stay here or reccomend it for that matter! DISGUSTED!!
1	This is by far my worse hotel stay-horrible customer service, old and disgusting rooms and elevators that don't work. In fact we got stuck in one! The restaurants are slow and their system always seems to be broken so they could not give us our bill! But by far the worse is the location of the shuttle pick-up. Impossible to find because its in the back in a creepy alley where it feels like you will get shot or robbed. No one knows anything or can answer questions. Basically ruined my vegas experience.
3	I seriously can't bitch too much about this place....it was Comp'd for being a Platinum Player. Of course this hotel is older and not as "hip and trendy" but for the little time it's used I honestly didn't mind it.It was a little creepy though with house keeping...we had out "don't disturb" door hanged outside the door and it was around 3pm we were trying to quick-nap and she didn't even knock and just tried making her way in...I was like "No No Please leave" I was so hungover I couldn't really bitch but yeah total creeper hahaAlso if you happen to stay on the strip side with a view HEADS UP!!! They have this shitty band that plays from 11am until 2am it's HORRIBLE and on the last day when I wanted to SLEEP I couldn't I seriously almost went to the local grocery store just to buy a few dozens of eggs and throw it at them (I know classy right) Anyhow overall not a super bad experience be cautious on their Chapel hours as well my buddy tried to marry some random and the chapel on the 3rd floor was already closed (not sure who lucked out on this one) but anyway Enjoy your stay :D
3	it would be a two star if it wasn't for the cost and the deluxe room. we actually reserved a room the day we went to vegas so we didn't have much choice. the hotel is old and it shows, looks like it should be located downtown instead in the heart of the strip. the room was huge, it had to be with a hot tub that took up a quarter of the room. bed was good but the sofa wasn't. sitting on the floor would be better. it did look as if the hotel was trying to upgrade the rooms but it still needed work. but like i stated before, the hotel is in the middle of the strip so its close to other hotels which was great. so being last minute and having a more updated deluxe room we can't complain.
1	By far the shittiest hotel on the strip. My friends and I ended up here because our original hotel overbooked and sent us here with a comped suite. Why not, we thought. Well, upon arriving in the room, we understood right away why they comped it without any pressure from our end. For a king suite, it was barely fit for peasants to stay in. The place was a joke -- old, smelly, run-down, not to mention trashy as hell. There were mirrors surrounding the bathtub and on the ceiling over the bed. Nice to know what kind of crowd the hotel caters to.The one star is for the great location and the fact that there's a Fat Tuesday right next to the elevators (always necessary).
1	Just went back to Vegas.  A night at the Imperials is not worth $1.  Half the hotel faces an outdoor stage.  A stage for a loud band that plays until the wee hours of the night.
3	This is a reasonable budget hotel. I have stayed here twice a year for the last few years. The location is very good, and the rooms are fine. The housekeeping is generally very good, but there are always exceptions. I had one dirty room once, but I called down and we were moved straight away to a clean one.The beds are comfortable, the TV's are old, but you get good value for money here, and when you stay in Vegas for as long as we do, that is important.We like the fact that there are little balconies with each room, you can stand out and have a bit of fresh air.We don't usually eat at any of the restaurants here, so I can't comment on that, but they have some excellent shows, and the Karaoke bar is good entertainment value too. The car museum is worth a visit, but ask for free tickets at reception.
2	By far the worst hotel on the strip.  The rooms are old, dingy and don't have a fresh smell to them.  I have stayed in Motel 6's that were better.  Trying to find the parking garage was an adventure.  Once you find it, which is off the service road underneath the monorail in the back, it's not too bad, but the trick is to find it!  There is construction on this road, and if you happen to get a room that is near this area, be aware that construction starts at 5:30am.  We requested a room change for our second night to a quieter room.  The bed was ok, the tv was from then 1990s, the carpet was dirty, but they do have a little balcony that you can get some fresh air.The one saving grace to this hotel is the location.  Close to the Flamingo, Mirage, Harrahs, Caesars, and the others that are in that area.  Still, as with everything in Vegas it's still a good walk to get to the other places. Because we didn't have to pay for the stay at this hotel I can't comment on the price, but I would look elsewhere as I would not pay $20 for this place. This should be the next hotel to be torn down in Vegas.
1	NEVER STAY HERE, THIEVES EVERYWHEREMy brother stayed in this hotel the past 2 days until Saturday and less than 24 hours, his room got broken into in the middle of the night specifically between 2-4 AM, found his wallet on the floor, and $5000 cash gone.  Apparently the doors in this hotel do not shut easily, and opportunistic people lurk here in the middle of the night and look for that door and steal things while occupants are asleep.  As per security and risk management it will take 3 days to investigate.  After yelping this hotel, apparently it has been a frequent occurence in this specific hotel.  The hotel staff are unhelpful, like its a daily thing for them. UNBELIEVABLE.  Never, never stay in this hotel.
3	+1 star for being inexpensive+1 star for being located smack in the middle of the strip+1 star for having a fat tuesday counter so I can purchase mah pinacolada & strawberry drink and getting a good buzz-1 star for a so-so cleaniness of a room-1 star from the loud techno music right next to our room, which i wouldnt have mind if it was loud sound of the ocean, or crickets... crickets would have put me right to sleep.would i stay there again? for being inexpensive I can save that money and buy myself 3.5 more pinacolada and strawberry drink then get a better buzz. then spend the rest on the penny slots.
3	Mehh..for the price and location on the middle of the strip it really isn't that bad, but it's not like the Cosmo or anything. Pretty basic set up in regards to the rooms. Loved that our room allowed access to the balcony outside. Kinda sucked how our room was right in front of the elevator so we could hear the drunks at all times of the day and night. Overall, if your tight on money this hotel would be the best option for the price and location. However, the Rockhouse that is attached to the hotel is hella fun and legit so plus for that.
1	When I first moved to Las Vegas in 2009, I spent at least 2 weeks a month at Imperial Palace while I was looking for a permanent place to live. IP offered cheap and partially comped weekly rates so it was a very economical option. The place sucked back then. There were always lines of people waiting to file complaints to the front desk agent. I thought that they would fix a lot of the problems after all those complaints, but recently I had to come back and they didn't fix sh!t. It's still completely the same and maybe even worse.Recently, I had enough of living in Summerlin and wanted to find a place to live in the Aliante area.  So, I spent the week living at IP until I could find a good house or condo to live at. IP hasn't changed at all since 2009.  On the weekends, the elevators take about 15 minutes to arrive. Since 2009, this has always been the thing I hated the most about IP. Just to let you guys all know, I am not a exaggerating about the wait time at all. The elevators are extremely old, make loud noises, shake side-to-side, and stop at every single floor.When the elevators break, they don't put up an "out of order" sign. They just leave the door open. So tons of people go into the broken elevator and wait minutes for the doors to close before coming to the conclusion that the casino is operated by complete cheap motherf*ckers who won't spend like $10 to buy a f*cking sign that says: "Out of Order"! We wanted housekeeping, but never got it. This was actually unusual because back a few years ago housekeeping was really quick and efficient. The toilet seat in the bathroom doesn't stay up. This is another problem they haven't fixed since 2009. Every single room has this problem. Why haven't they fixed it?The bathroom door has no lock. If you have spazzy friends or roommates, they will have the privilege of  seeing you nude in the shower or taking a dump.The bathroom has no exhaust fan. If you take a sh!t, it's memory will stay with you, haunting you forever. Because there is no security guard at the front of the elevators, all types of solicitors and weirdos come up. Every couple of hours you will get some weird flyer or advertisement slide under your door. Also, according to a dealer at the poker room, there is a  network of thieves who sneak into rooms. Many of the rooms here have doors with defects that don't close unless you pull extremely hard. Even if you hear the door slam, double check to see if the door has closed all the way! The network of thieves know about the defect, and they look for doors that are slightly open. They sneak in and take everything they can. The white paint on the bricks are completely black now. IP's design is supposed to be white and blue, but it's more black and blue now. The balcony's are covered in pigeon sh!t, chewed bubblegum, and stale old liquor. On the weekends, drunk tourists sit on the balcony and scream till around 3 in the morning. All night long you will hear those sad sloppy drunks screaming sh!t like: "Vegas baby! Woooo!" or drunk girls singing the lyrics to "Waking up in Vegas". Also, drunk tourists frequently drop stuff off the balcony onto pedestrians walking below in an attempt to be cruel.When you look out the balcony, you have a view of the casino roof. It's completely covered in empty fast-food cups, beer bottles, and 2 feet of dirt which was blown there by the strong desert winds. Junkies and bums use the stair case in the parking building as a giant toilet. The bathtub takes about 20 minutes for the water to drain.They have wi-fi, but the signal is very weak and you can't connect to it.On the Casino Floor, there is always paramedics and metro cops attending to a drunk tourist who has passed out and hit their head.  I don't know why, but every time I see a passed out drunk on the casino floor, he is always some guy with a backwards baseball cap, douchebag goatee, a lame ass Off road/Metal mullisha t-shirt, and tons of poser tattoos.  There is also a lot of really really drunk chicks on the casino floor. So if you wanna gamble here, you gotta endure hours of hearing:"Oh My God! Do you hear that? That is like totally my song!""My feet are like f*cking killing me! Should I take my shoes off? But, that gay ass security guy will get mad again!""Oh my God! That is like so f*cking retarded!""Did someone fart? It like totally smells like ass in here!" "I just smoked the wrong end of a cigarette teehee!""Your from Madrid? That' so cool!  All my girlfriends are Mexicans as well!"In conclusion,I feel really ripped off. I feel they should have payed me to stay here. I could have broke into a  a public restroom at a regional park and slept better.Does Caesars Entertainment care about all the disappointed guests? I seriously doubt it. I've been experiencing these problems since 2009, and they have never come close to fix any of them.
4	Just finish staying in room 1061 at the Imperial Palace  Feb 27 thru March 2 2012. The hotel was old but my room was very clean. Old style t.v.'s but who cares when the price and location are awesome. Black Jack dealers at hotel are also singers at night and it was really entertaining.Service was also excellent!
2	Place is in the middle of a makeover outside. Hopefully, they get inside soon. If Hash House was here I wouldve never entered the building.
4	Before deciding to stay here, understand this is an OLD Vegas hotel that by no means is as high end as the rest of the hotels on the Strip. This is hands down my favorite casino to gamble at. Low minimums, friendly dealers, and a fun atmosphere. I'm a craps player, but I normally take some time to play Rapid Roulette so I can watch/listen to the dealertainers. The craps tables are packed 24-7 so sometimes I have to wait a few minutes to jump on a table, but since there's so much going on inside the casino, I don't mind at all.  Since I gamble here, I am able to get some great comps with my rewards card, like staying in the Luv Tub room for free.  This and the other "upgraded" rooms are much nicer than the basic rooms and seem to have fewer plumbing/electrical issues.  Either way, it's Vegas. How much time are you actually spending in your room?  Big plus is the location on the Strip.  Also, the line to catch a cab moves pretty quick.  Quick tip: Certain areas of the self-parking structure are kind of confusing.  I've forgotten where I parked several times and have gotten quite disoriented trying to back track to my car.  The only complaint I have is the elevators.  They are frequently broken and they don't seem to be in a hurry to fix them. I am pretty patient but waiting 10-15 minutes every time I need to catch an elevator gets old fast.Overall, if you want to save money on lodging, stay right in the middle of the Strip, and aren't looking for Bellagio-style amenities, try IP.
3	Imperial Palace is for the non-picky. If you're just trying to go somewhere cheap and get the job done in Sin City, by all means this is your choice.Prior to actually staying here, I heard a lot of negative remarks about the hotel. While it doesn't compare to most of the high-end hotels on the strip, it isn't something to necessarily put down all the way.There's a lot of plusses to IP. It's located in the middle of the strip, and if you're someone who enjoys low minimum tables, not only is IP a great spot, but it's right between O'shea and Harrah's (my favorite places to gamble since I enjoy killing time on the 5 dollar blackjack and craps tables). It's very lively in the casino, with celebrity look-a-like performing often, and a pretty fun crowd to gamble with over all. Oh, and they did a damn good job picking their cocktail waitresses, because every time I saw one I swear their cleavage was going to poke my eye when I looked.Now, there are a few things that IP can improve on. It's an old hotel and you can definitely tell when you step to your room. The TV is an old school 15-inch that seemed to have been purchased when colored TV's were invented. The shower runs very weak (at least ours did) and the only light was our lamp which the room very, very dim.Lastly, I'm young (early 20's) and prefer to be around young people as well in the hotel. You will NOT find that type of crowd at IP. Not a surprise since it's older and has this popular reputation of being "you get what you pay for", but these people were looking for cheap like me so I can't blame them.Would I stay there again? Probably not, I would pay an 50 a night for a younger crowd and nicer rooms. Would I recommend it to anyone? By all means, yes. It's affordable and a nice location.
4	It is a great place to sleep, nothing fancy but all you need. The only casino w/ balcony that actually opens and a pool view is always a plus. The drinks are cheap.The rooms are clean but old.Pool view balcony are great.-like a party inside u room.In the middle of the fun.-walking distance to every bar, casino, restaurant.Live entertainment at the rapid roulette.Cheap rooms.I love the rooms service, tasty food& a lot, no expensive.Drive one bloock down and avoid traffic.
3	We stayed there for two days from 3/6 to 3/8 at $21 per night. We were also upgraded to a king suite on the top floor overlooking the strip which was dope. Sure, the hotel room is not modern, but it was certainly old Las Vegas chic and that was cool. The suite had mirrors on the ceiling over the bed which gave it a Klassy touch. For the price, it was a great deal and bargain.
3	The price fits the hotel.  Good place and centrally located on the strip.  I read some reviews before we went.  There were lots of bad reviews, but hey the price was right.  Our friends had a problem with their toilet the first day and the maitenece guy was there in a reasonable time replaced the entire toilet and never had any problems after that.  Other than that very good time
4	Great deal, suprisingly comfy bedMy boyfriend and I stayed in the Luv Tub suite...he wanted it for his bday...goober....and had a great experience! Were there marble floors and counters and fluffy robes and lavish soaps? NO. Was the room clean and full of all the regular things you need on a Vegas trip? YES. The tub was HUGE, only downside was that it took forever to actually fill...due to it's size. We were both pleasantly suprised at how comfortable the mattress was! We also stayed 3 nights for about $300 bucks...in a suite! Can't beat that price ANYWHERE on the strip.The hotel is in the perfect strip location too.....right about in the middle so everything is close and within walking distance. Our friends stayed in their regular rooms and they were ok too. Our suite was huge though and had a flat screen tv.We ended up at RockHouse (the bar/club) attached to IP on the strip 2 nights and had a blast....plus just had to stumble up to the room at 4am when it was bed time!Would I stay here again? Absolutely! Great hotel for real/average people looking to have an affordable and awesome time in Vegas with out blowing money on a room you're only sleeping in.
1	NOT SAFE... PLEASE DO NOT STAY HEREAs the reviewer on 2/25/2012. PLEASE READ!! The same thing happen to else on 2/20/2012. We were robbed also around 4 am while we were asleep. This is a crazy thing.... We found are wallets in the middle of floor and all cash gone also. Will never stay there again.
2	I present to you, "The Ifs of IP"If you need a window or balcony doors that actually openIf you don't like flat screen TVsIf you like to buy Fat Tuesday before heading to bedIf you like to stay close to Hash House A Go GoIf you're taking advantage of the cheap open bar at Rockhouse, so you don't have to stumble far to your roomIf you like a cheap and no frills roomIf you want to be in the center of te strip and have everything in walking distance if your base commandI'm sure there are more. Beds are more than okay, wish there was a thicker blanket though. Full disclosure: comped regular room.
4	stayed here fri through monday (st pattys day weekend), This is one of the older hotels, so with that said, dont approach here like you think your staying at a complete 5 star hotel....... The price was great! As for the rooms, they were ok, came with a balcony that you can actually go out on!  Our first night we found that the shower water diverter didnt function properly , and with one call to maintence , it was fixed , no questions asked, promptly. Furthermore, this hotel is located in the middle of the strip so that makes it that much better.... The only concern that i had was monday morning the hallways and elevator were covered in trash from everyone leaving with hangovers.... chip bags bottle caps , water bottles.... so janitoral needed to step up there game... I will be staying here again :)  Btw, Hash house a go go is located in this hotel, which is a fantastic place to eat :)
3	Sure its not Bellagio, its no Encore or Caesars, and it's definitely no Palazzo, but its right next to all of them! That definitely counts for something in my books! It's all about location when it comes to pretty much everything. So with that being said. You broke? You still wanna waste the money you don't have on Vegas but looking to offset the cost a little bit? Well Imperial Palace is where you want to stay! You will still be within walking distance of all your friends who have money and are staying at the Venetian, Wynn and heck, even the Mirage. There's no shame on staying at the IP, just if your a guy - don't bring the girls you pick up there :p unless they're strippers...
4	Great rates and a great restaurant for breakfast. Been here twice (might have been more, kinda hazy) but from what I remember it was a good place to lay  my head.
3	i have to knock 2 starsif you read my previous review, we make a trek out here for March Madness every year. we drive in so we can watch the first games. because we drive, we get here pretty freakin early. we tried checking in at 830a (like last year). the girl said there was a room available, but, because we were checking in at 830, we had to pay $20 extra. WTF??? not only did we not get a good rate here, like we usually have, but, they wanted to charge extra for an available room? AN AVAILABLE ROOM! huh??!??!?!?c'mon man. i know i haven't been playing much due to the fact that my familial obligations prevent me from coming here more frequently. but, when did this $20 extra for an available SAME CLASS room come to be? seriously?not cool. not. cool. i know, i'm so bourgeois.
1	I've stayed at places that's a little more expensive but I wanted to see what I would get for $25/night.  On the travel sites, the hotel is rated 3 stars and reviewers have rated it 3.5 stars.  "That's not bad.  How bad can it be?"  The place is cheap and you get what you paid for.  But a used dried up condom under the bed in one room and blood stained mattress in the other?  Are you kidding me?!?  The mattress was just flipped over cause the other side was "cleaner" or stain free.The hotel moved us to other rooms but can you imagine other people that stayed in that same room, sleeping with a used condom a foot and half from their head.  Gross!!Check you bed before jumping in, you never know who's biological fluids you're sleeping with.
4	Cheap and easy just like I like my ho...telsI love this freaking place. WHY? Cheap Seriously CheapLocation smack dab in the middle for the most partCarnival Court. Great drinks great entertainment (sad to see it go)The rooms were comfortable, I think. The only bad part to me was the tub filling up as I showered. I hate that.
4	Amazing location, great prices and wonderful service. EVERY time we go to Vegas we make sure to stay at one of the Harrah's owned hotels and several times we've stayed at IP. It's nothing fancy and it is an older casino but the rooms have been updated and are always clean. If you're looking for luxury, look elsewhere. If you're looking for good prices, IP is the place to be,
4	Let me start by saying that the last time I went to Vegas and stayed here it was in Jan 2007. At that time they had remodeled the place and gave it a great facelift. It has always been my choice of places to stay since it's practically at mid strip, it was clean and VERY affordable. Weeknight stays were about $35 and wkend for about $45, I mean come on!!! I never had a problem with anything here. The breakfast buffet was pretty good and so is the pool. Surely you don't expect an in room butler for this price but you get a clean, functional place to rest and shower for the little time you spend in there.Check out the champagne pit and impersonators that take stage in the casino every hour.
1	this place is such a mess. My friends and I did a spontaneous last minute drive here and it was the only place that had decently priced last minute rooms. Soo..we definitely got what we paid for. the toilets wouldn't flush, the water in the sink didn't drain, dirty rooms, floppy pillows and the carpet was so gross we were afraid to walk on them without our shoes on!!
3	This is a nice hotel if you want to save some money and get a cheap room and stay centrally located on the Vegas strip. The $25 rooms were no frills. A 19" old fashioned TV and a slider door out onto the deck overlooking the pool - and construction zone next door. No micro, coffee maker or mini fridge. Small pillows.On the second morning we awoke to jack hammering next door on the Flamingo Hotel and Casino Parking garage. (see photo above) They were busting up the concrete and reebar roof of the elevator shaft next door with a hydraulic jack hammer attachment on a small excavator. Sure..... it was noisy and I'm sure the several hundred rooms that faced that side of the building around the pool could hear it also. Under our door the same morning was a polite written notice in writing that fire alarm testing was beginning at 10 or 11am this day and not to be alarmed. It made for a memorable morning.The entrance off the strip to the hotel was through a small hallway lined with more construction fence on one side and not well marked. Seems the buildings on each side of the Imperial Palace were being renovated and there were mazes of chain link fence to walk through. The food in the Imperial Palace was great to not so great. The famed Hash a-go-go breakfast place up stairs was incredible. Great eats and amazing portions. I heard there were coupons given at other casino's for this Hall of Fame breakfast place but we did not have one. Lots of famous people have eaten there. Huge thick french toast and monster pancakes. The Burger Palace upstairs was a little disappointing. It was rather busy and staffed by only two people. You had the lonely cook in the back who also changed hats and became the bus boy who collected the trays and emptied garbage out front. He then ran back to flip the burgers when he was done. The order taker gal up front took 4-6 orders and then would switch over the order filler and fill 4 to 6 orders completely while the line got longer and longer out the door and customers started putting on their not so happy faces. She was a flip flopper trying to keep up with new orders and filling orders that had been waiting for her singlehandedly to fill. I'm sure the comment box at this place is filled with "hire more help" suggestions". The food was only OK at best but not over the top.The Pizza Palace in the hotel sounded like a great place to eat. But don't plan on having lunch there since they are only open in the evenings starting at 5pm. WTF? Scrap your lunch plans there.The lobby was crowed most of the time likely due to the cheap rooms. The dealer-tainers that performed in the lobby on the gambling floor were interesting to watch. On our travels in and mostly out of the hotel lobby we saw, John Belushi, Michael Jackson, Tina Turner, Taylor Swift, Avril Lavigne and a dude who looked like Rick Ocasek.It's a cheap place to stay and is no frills. Your not going to be there much so this place will likely do. The breakfast is the best thing about this place. Take the express bus to get around the strip. There is a stop not far from the hotel.
4	Ok, what are you expecting if you are paying less than 45 a night? middle of strip and in sin city? Go look somewhere else if you want luxury. This place was clean, easy access, in the middle of all. And their non smoking section was GREAT. We didn't have enough time or energy to go around the hotel as we wanted to check other legends. Of course we had an incredible view to the roof of 2nd floor, but who cares if we spent most of our time out. I'd give it one more star if they had a faster check in system.
3	excellent place if you're just looking for someplace cheap and central. don't expect anything more than a room to shower and toss your belongings.some rooms have old crt tvs with horrible reception, while other rooms have flat screens  it seems pretty random which rooms have what. not sure if it's just ip, or if its vegas, but their water smelled bad and the shower drained really slow. the beds are waaaay too soft, expect back aches if you plan to actually sleep while you're here.i suppose its decently clean, but the beds alone would make me stay away from this place.
4	Ok, the check-in line is desperately long, but the staff is agreeably friendly and helpful. Ok, I found myself next to a room where up to 2 in the morning, a woman was screaming her lungs out.. but within 5 mn of me calling the front desk, a security guard was pounding at her door, and calmed her right on the spot! I paid $29 and I got a very large and comfortable deluxe room. Why am I not giving a 5-star rating? Simply because their lifts are incredibly slow and packed each time one of them miraculously arrives at your floor! I will definitely go back, though!
4	I don't know why people hate this place.  It's way better than Excalibur.  It's basically on the same par as a Holiday Inn Express.  Our rooms were clean, the bed was comfy, and we were just there to sleep, so it didn't matter.Don't use the shampoo they give you - it left my hair still oily.  On a great note - we paid via debit card on Expedia, and we did not have to leave a deposit, like other hotels do (TUSCANY!!!).  So that made me happy.  Everyone was nice and very friendly.
3	The Boyfriend and I love to travel but with our current finances it's like champagne wishes and caviar dreams on a McDonald's budget. With that being said, thank goodness for the Imperial Palace! The rates were so low we were able to save a butt load of money without having to stay in the boonies. They're always running specials, so if you're thinking about booking a room, google it so you can find a discount code varying from a percentage off your stay, free buffet tickets, or free nights. The hotel isn't the nicest out there but for the rock bottom prices you pay, it's quite a deal. Granted the rooms and casino could use a renovation but since everything in Vegas (unless you're ballin') is a little grimy and reeks of cigarettes, I didn't notice a huge difference from the neighboring casinos. Our room was clean, our shower drained properly and we never had to wait for an elevator. The location is definitely the best part about the hotel, it's right in the middle of the strip so you're basically within walking distance from everything and the bus stop is right next door in front of the Flamingo. I did see the front desk get pretty crowded during peak check in hours, but if you don't want to wait just plan ahead and come in a little earlier. The Boyfriend did a lot of gambling in the casino and I was thoroughly entertained by the Dealertainers (dealers who impersonate celebrities), who periodically jump on stage and perform. It became routine to swing by the Dealertainer tables to see who was on shift every time we walked through the hotel.Overall, I would definitely recommend the IP as long as you're interested in being out and about seeing the sights and only using the hotel as a home base to shower and sleep. If you're looking for a luxurious and relaxing hotel experience I would save a little more and book a room elsewhere.
1	Not even going to write anything.........miserable
1	The Imperial is one of the older properties on the strip but still part of the Harris line of casino's but it does not seem that way because of the horrible customer service. Checking in was a nightmare. Was not honored upgrade offer and then manager Cassandra A. was so condescending and rude that it made me feel like I was bother her! I was on the phone for over an hour trying to resolve in issue with the reservation that they didn't want to handle! But in the end they had to handle it anyways!!! Front Desk made me call the Harrahs reservation line because they didn't want to be bother and after they were force to try and resolve my issue they were rude and unapologetic. Manager Cassandra M. even threaten to not honor the rate given online if I continued to waste her time!!!!! I was left speechless. Worst service ever!! How can someone so rude and unintelligent be given a managerial position!
1	The room smelled like broccoli fart.The smell was permanent too. It didn't even get any better after airing it out or turning on the AC. One of the smoking rooms would have smelled much better.I didn't stay there, I used my points to get my sister in law a room. She actually chose to stay at IP over Planet Hollywood for the same price because of the "Love Tub". Lesson learned. I know they planned on knocking it down several years ago, they really should have. This place is just taking up prime real estate that could be used for something much better like another Denny's or a t-shirt store. If there was a homeless shelter on the strip, I would recommend that over the IP.
1	Horrible hotel.Upon entering the hotel structure we knew this place was going to be awful. It smelled like a sewage in the parking structure and the worker who sits at the bottom of the ramp was really annoying. When we were turning in to go up the ramp to find parking he kept yelling "Lot is full", which makes no sense since Vegas is a place where people are always awake and someone is bound to leave. Next we have the elevators that work when they want to work, so we ended up using the stairs instead.The room was bad too, with it's outdated style, bathtub that doesn't drain and door that doesn't close all the way unless you make it close.Definitely wont be returning to this place to stay
3	On our first trip to Vegas, my husband and I stayed at this hotel. Despite the fact that the package was ridiculously cheap for the fact that you stay on the Strip, the room was one of the shittiest rooms I've ever stayed in. The bath didn't drain well, it was sickeningly old and was smoked out smelly despite the fact that it was a non-smoking room. It's presence on the Strip is most definitely an eyesore compared to the other gorgeous resorts surrounding it. But if you are strapped for cash, this is the place you are going to stay because of its central location. HOWEVER.....I'm going to say that the casino is the most fun on the Strip. The "dealertainers" are a blast and made the table playing fun no matter if you were winning or losing. And it gets packed. It's a casual, fun party atmosphere filled with people staff that are friendly and diverse groups of people looking to have a good time. But that was its only redeeming quality. If it weren't for the fun casino and it's good location on the Strip, this place isn't worth a star. With Vegas being a place that is always making way for bigger and more extravagance, I can see this place having to either do a massive overhaul or it simply won't be around for much longer.
1	Imperial Palace was the first hotel I ever visited when my fiance was interviewing for medical school here in town.  At the time, he was a Master's student and I was a poor teacher, so this was the cheapest place to stay and that was supposed to be good enough for us.I wish I had been more assertive back then (this was a few years ago before I became an embittered, combatant ex-teacher/Yelper), because we were given a room on the side of the building facing a very loud courtyard.  Even with earplugs in, we could hear every booming bass line of the block party music below.  Neither of us slept, and my poor fiance had to give an interview the next morning.  Our room also happened to have a "love tub" in it, which was HI-LARIOUS.  It was shallow and round... think baby pool.  It was also slick on the bottom, so when I stepped in, I took a nose dive and couldn't get the traction to get out again.  I felt like a beached orca whale.Last night, we took a walk through this hotel again out of boredom and to see if anything has changed.  I didn't realize it was possible, but this place has become more crusty than it used to be.  The Imperial Palace was smelly, loud, and dirty.  It was one of the first times I have ever actually felt unsafe walking around on the Strip, and it wasn't even that late at night.  I guess I will be avoiding this particular portion of the Strip from now on.  Sad.
4	this was such a nice hotel to stay at. they have a nite club right outside the front doors. the pool was so wonderful i didn't want to leave. the people who worked there were so nice to me. the room was clean and the bed was soft and clean, could not ask for a better place. right in the middel of the strip.
5	4th time I have stayed in this Hotel.Middle of the strip. ... we never drive anywhere!!!!Cheap!!!!!!!!I've never had any problemswon 50 bucks on the slots hahaLOVE their Rock house! - beer pong, laid back, cheap, bomb musicWe got early check in at 9 AM with the nicest lady ever Cecilia!!  I'ma call and tell her boss she is amazing.  We were drunk and pain... I had to call my bank and she was patient and nice and nice!!
2	If all you need is a place to lay your head, and maybe some friend's too, then you can't beat it for the price and location.  But yes, you get what you pay for!    So a classic room here is about $20 a night on weekdays and $90 on the weekends. Just remember the cool extra frills are not included.  Honestly I'd give it an extra star if it just had free wifi.      The room itself was adequate, but the drains in the shower and the sink backed up.  Maybe in a nicer place it wouldn't be so gross, but there's something about standing in that shower water that just feels a little bit dirtier.  Like many other hotels on the strip there is a light hike involved to get from the parking garage to the front desk.  Keep that in mind if you brought a lot of luggage.  Otherwise, it's a perfect place to make "base camp."  Have I stayed in nicer places?  Most definitely.  Would I stay here again, probably. ;)
2	Meh. This place is dingy, there is construction so it is hard to find the entrance. Went here to go to Hash House. Place is small and not many machines. I didn't stay here but being inside I probably never would. I know some people who absolutely swear by this place. Maybe there is a sense of olde worlde charm about it, that somehow were connected to a part of Las Vegas that no longer exists. However, i would venture to Flamingo for the last of the dying hotels.
4	I love this hotel! Yes it does need to be up graded but its cheap and is located right in the middle of the strip!
2	Chances are you've found this review because you've looked up prices for hotels in Las Vegas and Imperial Palace was the cheapest. That's what I did. I ignored the reviews because it was cheap and I just needed a place to stay. You could sum up Imperial Palace much the same way:  it's cheap and it's a place to stay. If you're looking for luxury during your trip to Vegas, check elsewhere. Anywhere else. There are nicer rooms at hotel chains like Motel 6 than there are at Imperial Palace. This is an old casino that has seen a lot of traffic. The carpets in the hallways smell like smoke, the furniture has stains, and the amenities are sparse. My wife and I stayed in a room where the bathroom tub didn't drain, a common complaint among reviews. Someone came up to our room to "fix" the problem which was just to take the  stopper out of the tub entirely. It was a cheap fix but it worked, so there's that. However, the location is beyond ideal. You're smack-dab in the center of the strip and you can easily stumble home after a night's partying. Just be warned that the parking is absolutely terrible so once you do manage to get your car parked, you are going to want to keep it in the garage for the majority of your stay. If you're just planning on walking the strip though, this isn't a problem at all. Another word of warning:  do not try to check-in beyond 7PM. You'll be waiting for hours.Bottom line:  stay here if you just need a room and don't want to spend too much money. Personally I'd spend the extra cash and get something nicer.
2	If you stay here, I hope the booming bass line noises of the block party music just below the hotel (Carnival Court - Outdoor Bar associated with Harrah's hotel - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/9wjTzw8bEYOTQJk41V8WQw?select=bHYBmqutsbHF2xtCarDYJw#86SDB3RWLhoS5UHH6wRt3g) doesn't bother you!  This is my 2nd time staying here, & I seriously don't remember having to deal w/this ruckus before!CONS:-Stinky: Housekeeping did not try to air out the strong body odor smell from whoever last stayed in the room. The smell permeated the room!-Stained curtains & carpets -Floors not vacuumed well enough - There was a cookie crumb leftover on the floor from a previous person who stayed in the room.-Non-working light switches-Noisy: Downstairs outdoor club Carnival Court Outdoor Bar makes a LOT of ruckus!  If you're a light sleeper, you won't be able to go to bed until maybe somewhere between 3 to 5am. -Knocked over light fixtures not fixed up right-Loose power outlets that are not secure & don't keep my plug staying in. -Phone room without a button to immediately call the front desk-Stains found everywhere: In a non-smoking room, I found a unwashed out stain & burnt cigarette hole on a blanket. Curtains were stained, & a bathroom underneath the sink was stained as well.-Chair backings are wooden uncomfortable. I had to use a pillow to sit back onto them on the chair. -Bathrooms are not cleaned well enough - I saw mildew growing towards the ceiling on the walls. Not all trash was taken out before our stay. Pieces of hair were left in the shower from the previous person staying in the room. -Few convenient electrical outlets to use. -Horrible Internet reception - My smartphone can barely get much connections unless we are sitting in certain parts of the room. -The furniture (circular table, chairs, & armoire) seem cheap because they're wearing out & breaking apart.-Due to construction, it's not possible to drive through the front side of the hotel. -Very few functioning elevators - set of THREE elevators to the rooms stopped working! -Issues w/doors in the room: Bathroom door is squeaky & seriously needs WD40. Room door does not close shut all the way. -Parking garage is difficult to get around.  We didn't know whether we were driving up or down!  Even finding the car was difficult! x| Considering all of these # cons, the owners of Imperial Palace obviously don't care about the impression they leave their customers. PROS: -Cold & hot water are available.-A/C works-If you're a night owl, the outside ruckus shouldn't bother you. -Housekeeping people are respectful. If you leave your "please do not disturb"  They will not step foot into your room at all.-They provide you with various ways to check out than to wait in line at the front desk to check out in person. OVERALL: Bearable, but yeah, the negatives outweigh the positives. Not the best place to stay.
4	First time I ever stayed at this hotel, and it was pretty cool. NO its not the most lavish of resorts on the strip. It is a little far north for me most of the time as I like being further south to some degree for restaurants shopping etc. But one night we were out and about and doing the Yappy Hour thing over at the Rumor and decided we wanted to just chill in the area instead of driving WAY home to Mountain's Edge --- I know stop laughing... 'cause its definitely not that far although THIS time it was actually cheaper to stay here than it was to catch a cab from the Rumor to get home if you catch my drift!)Anywho, I found this little gem of a deal (like 25 dollars and some change) on the smartphone app Hotel Tonight and since I use Hotel Tonight a lot for these little last minute outings, I had a 50 dollar credit. So now I have 25 credits left :-)) As I mentioned it isnt the most lavish but price can be persuasive at times. We had a decent room, a comfy bed and we had a good time while we were there.If you want to be on the strip for relatively cheap most of the time, and some cool places to go even here on the property (the rokhouse) then this is a pretty cheap cool place to go!
3	This hotel isn't perfect, but it's definitely got some things going for it that make it a solid choice.Pros: It's CHEAP -- probably some of the best room rates on the strip -- and, it's in a great location, right in the middle of everything.  Rooms are comfortable enough, and clean.  Free parking.  They've got a decent pool with an adjacent bar.  The auto collection museum is housed here!  (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-auto-collections-at-the-imperial-palace-las-vegas#hrid:Ia0FH9oWPT5CAUFTOmVLkQ/src:self)Cons: They only do the basics, no real luxuries; tiny tube-TV and a noisy air conditioner (though the noisy AC helped to mask the construction noise from just outside).  Our room was a very long hike from the casino entrance, and the parking garage wasn't much closer.  Expensive wi-fi (a pet peeve of mine).  The room-rates skyrocket on Fridays and Saturdays, and parking can be tough to find late at night on those days, too.
3	well, I must confess, Free is FREE.  So no complaints here.  However, I beg of you Harrah's casino family - Please update this hotel!  It's very centrally located on the Strip and it was CLEAN and everyone was very nice but man, does it need a facelift.  I kid you not - the TV in the room must have been like a 17" tube tv.  Come on - even the local Holiday Inn has upgraded to at the very least a bigger tv, or a flat screen.  I felt that it could easily turn into the now closed Sahara.
4	If you are going to book here, book a suite. A king suite is AWESOME. We upgraded to this room after booking a regular one... It looked like a scene from the Shining! But... Our upgrade made this cheap hotel VERY worth it! Beautiful suite! Plus... AMAZING location! Make sure you hit up the Carnival night club inbetween Imperial and Harrahs. Very fun! Good service. Good times. Vegas baby!!
3	Had a single night stay 10/2011 on my quest to check out every sub-$100/night option on and off the strip.  Also wanted to see how "bad" it could be as the buzz is IP is planning for a refresh.  Check-in had a long in line but the staff was efficient and moved people quickly. Booked a standard room and was given a room with a king sized bed. Pretty comfy, no flat screen TV but was not in room much. Place is in deed showing signs of wear but it was clean. The casino itself is quite smoky. I did not hang out much as I had other plans but did like the convenience store (possibly ABC) and the fact it was reasonably priced for beverages and snacks. Worth wild to keep in mind for a cheap place to crash - good strip location.
2	I think I'd like to try staying in different hotels in Las Vegas.  Seemed a bit run down and worn, too difficult to get into and out of due to construction.  Hash a go go restaurant was a huge plus, as was accessibility to the monorail!
3	The place is old, there is a musty smell almost everywhere. But I still give that place 3 star because 1- it is right is the middle of the action 2- It is really cheap 3- it is still a complete hotel casino with swimming pool, many restaurants, room service, and a ym. Not a good place to bring a date but if you go to vegas often and wish to reduce cost, this is an option.
1	I'd stayed here before a year ago and back then it was worth 2-3 stars. What has changed since then:- The entire front area that used to have the loud bar is being revamped and under construction. This clogs the pedestrian path so badly it can take ten minutes to get to the entrance.- As you may have guessed the garage is no longer accesible from the front, only behind. But there's construction there too leaving the alley as the only means to access the parking.-The room we got last time was bearable smell-wise. This room smelled like a sweaty ball sack. Also, a building alarm went off at 5 am. Followed by a loudspeaker saying they were looking into it. Followed by random bouts of static. Followed by alarm. Followed by an announcement that it was fixed.The elevators are still so slow that if you're on the first eight or so floors it's worth taking the stairs.The bathroom fan was so weak that the room would be dripping for a while after a shower.Stay far far away
2	We didn't stay here thankfully but even walking through it to get the the Hash House a Go Go was enough. The entrance is scaffolded with jackhammering and full of dust. The inside is old school with low ceilings and lots of cigarette smoke reekage. A sad state of affairs but a makeover should turn it around, since it has a great locale.
1	Let's just say I received a free, smoke filled, stained carpet, musty dusty dirty room here, and within the hour I arrived to Las Vegas and the hotel, I checked out.
2	Just stayed here for the weekend with a few of my friends and we were all pretty disappointed. The Pros: The price. We only paid $120 for a 2 night stay here which is an unbeatable price for a hotel on the strip. The staff is also ok, somewhat helpful.The Cons: Everything else! We seriously thought we took a time machine back to 1992 or something. The entire hotel (including the rooms) are dirty, with signs printed out using clip art from Microsoft Word 95. The other people in the Casino were kind of scary and gave very uncomfortable vibes to all of us. The TV in our room was  a 14 inch box tv made in the late 80's. The food options are poor, and I would just feel dirty eating anywhere near this place anyways. Our room phone wouldn't even work to contact the front desk for more towels. I've never felt more uncomfortable at a hotel in Las Vegas.Basically, I would happy if I never ever stepped foot into the Imperial Palace ever again. 'Nough said.
3	Holy scat!  IP here just killed off the oddly placed night club out front & bought up the rest of the block to the south to put in a giant Ferris Wheel, of all things!  Meanwhile, like your favorite shirt or old pair of shoes, this place has a certain magic that's hard to put into writing, but there IS something special about an antiquated place that makes successful plays to hold its own against such monster palaces as Caesars where we just had a room that was way up in the sky & almost big enough to get lost in!  I say Imperial Palace with it's (mostly) Japanese American staff is a warm, comfortable place, & "TOTALLY A-OK"!     :-))
1	The place is centrally located on the strip. The place really need a makeover. My room seems a little run down and somethings are in need of repair and replacement. The carpet does not look clean. The AC unit gives off a odd smell. There is no free wifi or coffee. The room is quiet. The shower has enough water pressure and temperature. Other parts of the room (i.e., bed) were clean.
3	Let me preface this review by saying we stayed here 4 nights (May 3 - 7) comped. Check in was pretty quick. It was 4 PM on Thursday and I was surprised that it took all of 10 minutes to check in, especially on a fight weekend. When we checked in, the front desk staff was really nice. In fact all of the staff at the hotel and casino were really nice.  ROOM: We had a luv tub room. While the furniture is outdated, the room was still clean and the bed was SO comfy. I have a hard time sleeping in beds other than my own and honestly, this bed was so great I wanted to bring it home (minus the ugly frame). The room was huge. The luv tub near the bed was gigantic but unfortunately had no jets. There was another bath tub and shower combo in the bathroom.The bathroom was also big and it was nice that the shower and toilet were in a closed area with a mirror and a sink and then there was another sink and mirror just outside the toilet and shower. Great for me to get ready and not have to suffer after hubs exits the bathroom. The shower water pressure was fab! The closet was also big but you cannot take the hangers off of the pole thingy, which made it tough to hang up clothes. I guess there are a lot of hanger thieves. Oh and mirrors on the ceiling. CLASSIC!  Be sure to enjoy that. LOLThe main issue we had in terms of the rooms was on Saturday morning when someone pulled the fire alarm at 7 AM. We had to listen to the alarm and person come over the intercom for a LONG time. We finally decided we weren't going to risk anything and walked down 14 flights of stairs. We about killed ourselves going out of the emergency exit door because there is a step that is hard to see. Anyhow, we go back into the hotel only to be told it was a false alarm. We go back upstairs and I get in the shower and about midway through shaving my legs, the alarm goes off again. Annoying to say the lease but that was the only instance. I guess when your rates are that low, you get a lot of people who don't know how to act right. Also, they have a lot of security on the casino floor but none where the elevators are. Anyone can get to the rooms which is kinda scary.The elevators can be slow around check-out/check-in times. I waited for 10 minutes for the elevator and when it finally came, it was packed. Luckily everyone in the elevator was cool and told me to squeeze in. I was on the 14th floor and the elevator stopped at every single floor.  Another annoyance was the construction. They only worked during the week but listening to bulldozers and jackhammers when you are trying to sleep after partying all night SUCKS. We played a few times at the casino and I actually liked it. The casino is definitely outdated but the crowd was fun and the dealers were nice. We met a lot of really cool people. Location is great! Mid-strip and right by the tram. It was so nice to be able to take the tram instead of a cab and a lot cheaper. We saved a ton in cab fare. We went to the pool one day and it was cool. People were friendly. Surprisingly the girl serving us was super hot. The cheeseburgers were so good. Bucket of beer (5) was $25 - not too bad for Vegas. Funny story - we were going to get a cabana at a day party and it looked like things might fall through. We considered getting one at IP just to have some shade. They told me the cabana, on a Friday during construction, was $500!!!! we paid $400 at Bare and we could have gotten a lilypad at EBC for $500. They are out of their minds!TIPS: If construction is still happening and you are there during the week, do not get a room facing the pool where the construction is if you want to get some sleep - they start early. If you need to take the elevator during peak check-in/out times, go up and then down. Guarantees you a spot on the elevator!The front is closed and taxis have to drop you off in the back of the hotel. There were a ton of cabs trying to figure out where to go to drop off passengers. It was kind of a pain. Because the cabs go to the back of the hotel, there was not a steady flow of cabs. Walk over to Harrah's and catch a cab. Overall, things went well and we had a good time minus the few annoyances but we are also easy going. It's no Aria, but I would rather spend my money on parties and gambling and doing other things then a room I am hardly in. I would definitely stay again as long as it was cheap or free.
1	You get what you pay for... and in this case, I wish I paid more somewhere else! I ended up staying one night here because I didn't want to be duped by Memorial Day Weekend prices.The rooms look like a motel and are outdated. In all honesty, if you just need a place to sleep and wash up (and not spend time in the room admiring the amenities), this would be an "okay" option.The worst thing are the rooms by the pool (which I had) because for some reason, there is a damn pool party all day, everyday. So, if you are trying to take a mid-day nap to sober up or rest up for a night of fun... THINK AGAIN. You are going to be up and annoyed at the party people at the pool, the children at the pool, or the DJ who plays bad music. I swear the pool party noise starts at 11 AM and doesn't end until 6 PM! SO. ANNOYING.Thank goodness I moved to Caesars Palace the next day. As someone told me, I went from a brokedown (Imperial) palace to the "better" (Caesars) palace!
2	Its not the best hotel but you get what you pay for. I paid 180 form thurs - mon. Not too bad, especially since my room was clean and didnt smell like smoke . What the hotel lacks in everything , it makes up in location . Imperial is right smack in the middle of the strip, so your close to everything . it wouldnt be the first choice of hotel but if my funds our low I have no problem staying here . here's a lil tip : if you go to Vegas often and you like to gamble get a players card from here. The same people that own imperial also own : Harrahs, Ceasars, Ballys, flamingo , and the rio . Once you build points they will send you tons of emails with really good deals .
4	You only need one thing from a hotel at Vegas (aside from the casino): a place to sleep. The glitz and glamour is all up in your face at the dayclub and at the nightclub, so when you try to recharge for the 5 hours in between, you just need a simple bed and some privacy.And Imperial Palace does just that. It's probably the cheapest option for such a fantastic spot on the Strip.2 queen beds in a Capri Room for 2 nights, $74 Friday night and $79 Saturday night, in mid-August? Amazing. We booked through Expedia, which had a promotion for a $50 debit card upon completion of booking, so in total we only paid $122 for the entire sleeping situation. Superamazing.Simple, clean, sleep. Oh, and NO resort fee. That's all I need c:
2	Imperial Palace is under construction now to add more shops plus a ferris wheel similar to the London Eye. Under construction does mean more noise depending on where your room is located. The hotel room is similar to a Best Western hotel (moderate hotel rather than luxury). However, I have stayed at Best Western chains that operated more efficiently than Imperial Palace. The most horrible features of the hotel are the "cramped and slow" elevators and the poor air filtration system in the casino. The best feature of the hotel are the Dealalertainers.  Do not expect great customer service with the long check-in lines plus inability to contact the front desk via phone. I would recommend checking out using your circa 1990's television set.  Upon entry, my particular room was well cleaned so I left a tip for housekeeping staff.  If you dare to conquer the Imperial Palace, request a room upgrade. Visit Date: June 2012
5	Cheap table games and a karaoke bar for when your out drinking. What is there to complain about.
1	WE WERE ROBBED IN THE CASINO. This casino is set to be remodeled with the Linq project, and thank goodness. Decided to stay here for a guys trip so we met everyone's budget concerns.The doors do not shut all the way unless you pull or push the door after is closes. My friends checked in at 3 AM and promptly went to bed right after. When they woke up, they discovered two wallets and a watch missing. Considering one person put the room key card into one of the wallets that was stolen, the only explanation is that someone entered the room while they were asleep and took it things.  Hotel security was very helpful for what little they could do at that point, but it was a bit sad to know they do not have cameras in the hotel hallways.
1	Cheap prices, but of course you get what you pay for. Our sink was almost clogged when we arrived, towels were worn and smelled funky, really cheap beds with thin blankets. SMALL tv (26 inch). The parking is horrible and there is no cameras/security in the parking lot. Went out on my last day and came home at 4am, check out at 12 and find my car broken into with my complete sound system stolen including a laptop, gopro camera, and dre beats detox headphone missing. Everything was hidden from site, only the headunit was visible. Call security to file a report. They are USELESS. They couldnt even work a digital camera correctly. I doubt they will do anything about this and I wont hear back from their risk management team. I couldve stayed at the Cosmopolitan and got a table at Marquee with the money I lost from the things stolen out of my car. Will never stay here again.
2	Pros:*smack dab in the middle of the strip*very inexpensive rooms compared to rest of strip (NO RESORT FEES)*casino is pretty entertaining (singing dealers and costumes)cons:*half the elevators in this hotel don't work.*decor and amentities of majority of the rooms looks like the 1950s.*you just get an uncomfortable feeling when your in the roomyou get what you pay for. If your with a bunch of college guys on a limited budget, this is your place. For romantic weekends or such? Look down south the strip some more.
4	location & price of the hotel is a FIVE STAR. :) right in the middle of the strip, woohoo and i spent two nights which was the total of a night deluxe at somewhere else which is fancier. the casino is smaller then usual, but i didn't play so i cant really rate it..the reason why i give it a 4 star was because the tower of the hotel rooms were STUPID and VERY CONFUSING..lost for over one hour trying to find tower 4, which was located somewhere in the back with very little sign..shouldn't there just be one elevator that is the main one for all the towers?!  would NOT RECOMMEND this hotel for people traveling with kids or women pregnant, because the hotel is smokey EVERYWHERE!! especially going to tower 4 hotel rooms and the main casino!
1	I would NEVER recommend anyone staying here. You get what you pay for, reasonably priced, for a reasonably accommodating hotel. That was not my problem. I dont mind paying less and having less because that is expected. We weren't planning on staying the hotel all that much anyways so we didn't see the point in staying at an overpriced hotel. The problem was in the middle of the night, someone broke into our room and stole some of our possessions (about $1500 worth). We didn't feel safe there anymore. I have tried contacting the hotel to get this sorted out, but we can't seem to get a hold of anyone that can help us. Like I said, I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL FOR ANYONE. Unless you like getting robbed while you are sleeping in the room, this could pose dangerous for people staying there. Keep in mind, I am a reasonable person. I do understand that issues arise, and with proper handling of the situation, this could have been a less dissatisfied review, but we called the hotel (risk management) as they told us to do, left about 6 messages and haven't received one call back. This was about a month ago.
2	Best thing about this hotel is that Carnival Court is right next door!!!!!
5	You can't beat the price of this hotel. They have great customer service. They're location is better than any other hotel on the strip. They have one of the best casino's on the strip. The hotel rooms were really clean. I loved my visit here.
3	Better but not butter!Rooms: 3SParking: 1SService: 3SThis is IMPEWIAL PALACE. One of the worst hotels with the best locations on the Vegas strip.  I think most people, like myself, went here because it was the cheapest and the best location when I came to Vegas for my very first time. Like a virgin's first time, you get over excited and it's not all that good.  This place does have some of the best rates for it's location.  The parking lot is a hell of a maze. I highly recommend you park at Harrah's then walk the connected bridge to IP.  WAY EASIER.They've upgraded their rooms since I came here a decade+ ago so it's Motel 6 quality now.  Get it, got it, good!Don't hate nor don't love.  It's IMPERIAL PALACE!!!
4	There's a lot of construction going on, so they're really happy when you've chosen Imperial Palace to hang out!  Drinks are plentiful, celebrity-look-alike dealers are awesome, all staff are cheery and peppy.  Take advantage while they're still under construction!  It may not be cute, but it's super cheap and has a convenient location on the strip.
1	The very first thing I did after finally getting my room was get on Yelp and write my first review ever.... it's that bad, and I want to warn others not stay here.My flight got in just before midnight, it was a $35 taxi cab ride to the hotel in which I felt like I might get jumped or pick-pocketed in the parking garage under construction where I was dropped off. First impression was "what have I gotten myself into".  After finding my way through the entire smoke-filled casino floor to the opposite end where the check-in desk is, there is a roped-off line - not unlike an amusement park - where I waited behind approximately 75 people to get to the front desk.  In the meantime, the desk being in the casino lobby, I was standing there listening to the karaoke (which was way obnoxious) and inhaling a disgusting cigarette odor.  It is now 1:15 AM and I am finally in my room (an hour and a half after getting to the hotel). I booked a 2 bed room for my stay about a month ago, however, the front desk lady told me the only ones available were smoking. I then asked to get a roll away or cot, to which she replied that would be an extra charge.  No thanks, I'm not paying extra for an aching back.  I asked when the next 2 bed room non-smoking was available and she said tomorrow, but it would overlook a bar in which loud music and parties continue until 4 am.  Once in the room, I was astounded by the 1980's vintage motel accommodations.  The light switch by the door is inoperable.  They could not spring for doors on the hang-up closet.  The carpet is filthy - I feel like I might catch something if I don't wear socks in the room.  The toilet does not flush.  The air conditioner is insufficient for desert heat (the room feels extremely muggy and warm). There is no computer desk. There is no ethernet connection. The WiFi is a very weak signal and I had to pay $11.99 for a 24 hr pass (though if this review prevents even 1 person from staying at the hotel, I feel was well worth the money).If you do happen to book a room here and expect to get sub-par service in a hotel that takes you back 30 years, then you will not be disappointed.  I, however, am embarrassed to be meeting my family here, including my 4 year old son who does not need to be exposed to this environment.Bottom line: spring for a more expensive an reputable hotel if you can.  I certainly wish I had.
1	So my buddies and I were celebrating with our buddy Matt by giving him a bachelor party and he found a cheap price per room at the Imperial palace. We thought it would be cool since it's on the middle of the strip across from Caesar's, it's cheap and we at least have a place to stay. The day of arrival, we had to traverse through some construction going on and found our way going through the back entrance. That back entrance was an adventure by itself. The ROOMS.... old carpet, old bedding, dim lights, light switches that don't work, the drain was starting to back up in the shower, we couldn't lock the door lock, our balcony was... well just a random balcony with a view of an old stucco wall of the same hotel and the room looked like a motel off the highway.The Hotel.... ice machines on our floor didn't work,  the elevator took it's sweet time and never got to our floor when we needed, there was construction going on and it caused traffic jams at the entrance of the hotel, the pool was small for a hotel/casino on the strip, finding the front desk was a real challenge, the hotel atmosphere felt like it was from the 80's, and let's not forget how the hallways smelled so bad.This place is cheap for a reason and I now know why I never stayed here the plenty of times I've come to Vegas. If you want a better hotel experience I'd suggest going somewhere else and fork over a little more money. Trust me it'll be worth it. Otherwise if you're just looking for a bed to sleep on and don't care what the place looks like, this is the hotel for you.
5	My first stay here, and I would never dream of staying anywhere else. $80.82 for four nights last week through easyclicktravel.com. Fantastic central-strip location, and truly absurd pricing. Anyone who's done the least bit of travelling will know to take the limited downsides (smokey hallways, dingy carpet, low-flow shower, construction noises, awkward back entrance) in stride. With the money I saved - you can easily spend 10x this on a Vegas hotel - there was no guilt splurging on dinner or a show. Our luggage costs at the airport set us back us more than our hotel! Highly recommended.
5	******NOT RATING THE HOTEL, I AM REVIEWING THE CHAPEL!**********- Look, imperial isn't very good looking. They are remodeling.  If your on a tight budget, your doing things yourself, want to be affordable and still have some style, this is the place. Yes I know,  hotel is getting remodeled so calm down. I got married in the skyline chapel. It's great. It's like walking into the twilight zone. You go from ugly remodeling casino to a beautiful wedding chapel! For the money it's great! 75ish seats beautiful dress up , great staff! It was affordable here to get married! It looks like the picture online too with the blue lights. So if your getting married, your on a budget, but you want something nice check out the Skyline Chapel! For real! They have a dj for the ceremony, officiant, and on site cordinator. I loved it, Need pics - let me know. We went small on the wedding and going big on the Honeymoon. Cheers
2	This rating is just for the Casino and not the HotelI had always been curious to see just what this casino looked like, considering I'd passed by it so many times but was afraid of being runover by the carefree/careless cab drivers that would speed out of the front entrance. So while on a drunken walk of the strip at 12:30 a.m., I decided to check it out considering that it was under remodeling and there was no chance of being struck by a car. The Imperial Palace is a prime example of a casino that DESPERATELY needs remodeling if it hopes to survive in the ever-changing Vegas StripThe main entrance was pretty ho-hum, and no fancy gimmicks or hooplah that you find in the more modern casinos. It's also really small, from what I remember, and it felt as if I was walking in a mature version of Circus Circus. The one highlight that I remember is that there was a nice bar in the middle of the casino floor where I caught a few drinks. I guess it's convenient considering that it's in the center of the strip and it has access to the Vegas Monorail, but still, this place needs some serious revamping.
2	If you're looking for a cheap place to stay on the strip, this is it. If you're looking for a great place to stay on a romantic getaway to Vegas, look elsewhere.Since the Imperial Palace is being renovated, the taxi/shuttle stop is in the rear of the hotel. Depending on which tower you are staying at, it's a bit of a haul to your room when you check-in. To top it off, there are far too many people for the number of elevators... and the elevators are very slow. When we were checking out, half of the elevators weren't working. My girlfriend and I stayed on the 10th floor and opted for the stairs a few times (going up or going down).I used the express checkout, which you MUST take advantage of if you stay here. However, it took a while for them to charge me for my room. Being a good citizen, I submitted a form online to request my bill. I'm assuming they are just a bit slow to process credit card charges, but it's possible I could have gotten away with a free stay.The room itself was as-expected. It was old, smelly/smoky (despite being a non-smoking room), and had a big "Luv Tub". Our room overlooked the pool, which has a pool party from about 11am-5pm everyday. We habituated to the smell of the room on the 2nd day.Overall, the Palace is a good option if you are low on cash and want to stay on the strip. Personally,  I will pay a little more for a different resort next time I visit Vegas.
4	Stayed here this past weekend. Great central location on the strip, and so much cheaper than the other options. We got an upgraded room- a suite with the "luv tub" for two nights for the same price most of the other decent places on the strip would have cost for a single night.I didn't have a problem with this hotel at all. Was the place itself that great? Eh, not really- the casino was pretty small, it was undergoing some serious remodeling which made it not look that nice, just scaffolding everywhere, the parking garage is quite complicated to find and get into, the walls are really thin (walking to our room we could hear people in the rooms in the hallway), and it can be a bit confusing and easy to get turned around in the building (no idea why, but we managed to wander until we found our way to where we were headed!). The hotel isn't really "themed" in any way like a lot of the other hotels on the strip, but we went into enough of those that it didn't really matter. However- none of those were serious problems at all. There are no resort fees. Free parking- and we had no problem finding a spot. Really nice pool (that we sadly didn't get to use, but did look at!). Despite the thin walls, we couldn't hear anybody from our room. We didn't hear any construction noise either, for that matter. Our room wasn't really decorated or anything like that, but it was clean (didn't smell like smoke! YAY!) and nice. Huge king size comfy bed. Water pressure in the shower was amazing. You couldn't set the air conditioning to a temperature, but we set it to the coldest possible setting and it kept the room nice and cold, which was perfect to sleep in and a perfect retreat from the desert heat. The "luv tub" was massive. It doesn't have jets, which is too bad, but it was still relaxing regardless. And there are mirrors. On the ceiling. Over the bed and the tub. =D You do have to walk through the casino to check in but as I said, the casino is small, so that wasn't an issue. We waited in line for a bit to check in but it wasn't that bad, really. They have multiple check-out options that avoid the line, so we did that, and checked out through the tv. We always got on an elevator right away, even if there were a bunch of people. They do charge extra for just about everything- tv, wifi, stuff you need delivered to your room because you forgot it, but really, we didn't need any of that stuff, and my internet on my phone worked fine, although it was slow at times. They give you coupons upon check in (which we didn't actually use, but that was still a nice touch). Everyone we encountered was really nice. The woman who checked us in asked us what view we'd prefer- pool or mountain. The housekeeper in the hallway as we were leaving greeted us hello and asked us how we were doing. The waitresses at the casino were pleasant. So we had no complaints about the customer service.Overall, I'm really glad that we stayed here and had a really nice room instead of staying in a basic room at a more expensive place. Is it the best hotel I've ever stayed at? Well, no, of course not. But I truly feel like I got a lot more for my money and I'm very happy with the decision we made. I would definitely stay here again.
1	I should have known better than to expect a 5-star hotel for a 1-star price. I looked at the pictures online and it never mentioned that the entire hotel and streets surrounding it were under major construction. The parking ramp was hard to find and the check-in desk seemed like it was a mile away from the parking ramp entrance. Our room was clean enough and housekeeping was quick to bring up the extra towels I requested. However, the tub was terrible. It took about 15-20 minutes to drain after I was done with my shower, which meant I had to re-wash my feet and legs. Nasty. Also, the walkway to the Strip is under construction and that entire area smelled like urine. Really gross!I'd definitely spend a little more next time and avoid the slow-draining tub and urine scented walkway.
2	I booked 1 week here. I will not be booking here ever again. As I was reading reviews for this place, I had second thoughts, but I had already booked the room and paid. I didn't want to go though the hassle of moving hotels and having my guests get mad and whatever. When we entered the room, it looked fine. We take our shoes off and the carpet is wet! We go into the bathroom to wash hands, the sink spews out sewer water. It was brown and smelled really bad. The sink didn't even drain. We complained so fast. We changed rooms after that for free. They give us a smaller room, but at least the floor was dry and the sink didn't spew out nasty. The buffet is whack, but the pizza place is pretty nice. The casino is decent. The location of the imperial is decent as well, in the middle of everything. Although we had to enter though Harrahs, which is next door, due to construction. The floors in the hallways are ghetto fixed with duct tape and shit's hanging off the wall. Elevators are slow. The doors to the rooms don't close all the way, so you have to push them shut or pull them shut. I won't be staying at this place again.Only good thing is that it is cheap. Don't leave valuables in the room.
3	This place is probably one of the cheapest places to stay in Vegas. Right in the middle of the strip can walk everywhere from here. The check in line is long as heck and they allow pets in this hotel. Elevators take so long, it starts to get annoying. They look so dirty inside too, cracks along the side. I felt that it could've broke down at any moment. Room is so hot there is no point of having an AC, has no light! just lamps and the  TV is super outdated. Shower doesn't drain that fast, the vent in the bathroom is no use. Beds are okay, don't really need a blanket since the AC won't reach the other side of the room. They at least could've put mini refrigerators in the rooms. It's under construction so hopefully this hotel will improve!
4	I've stayed in this hotel two times now. I have enjoyed the room both times. The beds are comfy and the air conditioner works nicely. This time however, I was less pleased with my visit then the time before. For one there is construction going on which begins at around 8am that you can hear at times. It's not unbearable if you have the AC on, but it certainly isn't enjoyable to hear either. In addition, this time someone pulled the fire alarm which caused there to be an alarm for 5 minutes straight at 2am. I know it wasn't their fault, but did they have to leave the damn thing on for so long? I had just fallen asleep...it was annoying. Besides that, I still enjoyed the hotel. I will stay here again for future visits due to the fact it is in a great location and very affordable! Hopefully, next time I come there won't be any construction going on outside my window.
1	Remember the saying, "If it sounds too good to be true, it typical iS?" That is EXACTLY right with the IP. I will * N E V E R * stay at this place again, even if it was a "deal" as compared to other hotels.Shuttle service from the airport is at the back end, and have to hike a bit to get into the hotel from the heat (and away from sweaty bodies). Waited in 'the line from hell' for EXACTLY 52 minutes, 18 seconds (yes, I timed it just to see how long it would take when I saw the line). Get this: FIVE check in windows, TWO clerks, and ONE of them kept walking away from the desk to do something else..UGH. Reminded me of some banks; just waiting to see if my clerk put out the "back in 30 minutes" as I got to her window.Got checked in by a very friendly clerk; apologized vehemently about the long line and wait. Kudos to her. Got to the elevator (Towers 1 & 2), pushed for a ride to the 3rd floor. Waited.....waited.....pushed the button again....waited...waited....heard a "CLUNK" and then up-up away, we went. Luckily I was the FIRST ONE off of the ride! ** NOTE ** I haven't paid much attention to other elevators, but I DO know that this is the FIRST elevator I've been on that actually has a THIRTEENTH (13th) floor (button)!Figured I'd share that with you 'superstitious types;' you're welcome.Never realized how much of a HIKE it would be to get to my room! After what seemed to be my warm up for a 5K, I FINALLY got to my room, noticing there were another set of elevator doors less than 50 feet away from my room! After asking a housekeeping-type person, came to find out she DID NOT KNOW WHERE THE ELEVATORS WENT! I like adventure, but not that much, especially in a dark, damp, dank hotel (that I've seen so far).Got to my room, opened the door (NON SMOKING SIGN AFFIXED) and walked into an invisible cloud of musty cigarette smoke and an overpowering odor of what seemed to be a toilet that had not been flushed....FOR A WHILE.  Absolutely NOTHING will excite your olfactory nerves than urine-based ammonia with the musty smell of an old bowel movement. Trust me...I'm NOT exaggerating. Visions of the human litter box that had not been dumped, cleaned and returned to the corner came to mind.After cutting in line at the front desk (there was NO WAY IN HELL I was gonna wait another hour or longer to talk to someone about this), I was moved to another room. Not expecting anything other than a move, a few persons stated they were surprised I was not 'comped' for the inconvenience. Oh well...Room two. Got there. Opened the door, and although the 'litter box had been dumped, cleaned and refilled (no odors) the musty smell of old cigarette smoke prevailed. Beds were comfortable 'enough, ' I guess. Pretty basic setup; only four (4) channels to watch (who watches tv in a hotel anyway, right)?I will admit, the room was cold. I like cold air much more than 'room-temperature' air, especially when sleeping. On the other hand, I (literally) held my breath after using the bathroom and flushing the toilet. Instead of the water going DOWN, it began RISING!!!! The water was spinning in the right direction, but coming UP! Just as the water started to touch the rim of the toilet bowl, it went down. I've noticed that each time I've flushed (maybe I should have used the litter box?).I had a medical conference to attend @ Ceasars Palace (across the street) and was gone all day. Out the door by 7am and back by 530, ready to collapse, take a nap and wander around later that evening.  Each and EVERY DAY I returned, my room had NOT been cleaned, nor the bed sheets changed or bed made!Tried ...no no, I DID call the front desk. Guess what? THEY DO NOT ANSWER THE FREAKING PHONE!! I had to walk back to the desk to talk to them about this. They kindly informed me: The front desk phones at the Imperial Palace are NOT answered at the IP. They are answered by staff at THE FLAMINGO!Moving ahead a couple of days (I paid for a 6 day stay here for my conference); after returning to my room again, the SAME situation! I approached a Housekeeping-type-person who had pushed a cart into a laundry room and was placing towels on the cart. I asked the 'housekeeper' if he could clean my room when he surprised the HELL outta me! I will quote this housekeeper (said his name was "Joey."He smiled, looked down to his cart and looked back up to me saying "Sir, I can't help you with that. Housekeeping here is outsourced. We've had problems with them ever since they started working here."Get this: I go BACK to the front desk, speak to a Hotel Front Desk Manager, share this information (with FOUR other hotel guests that came with me with the same problem). She informed us quickly "Sir, we do not have anyone in Housekeeping named Joey."If that wasn't bad enough, the restaurants all close by 9pm (not ONE advertisement states this)! Pretty dang bad when they have to refer you to ANOTHER HOTEL VENUE to eat at a restaurant!DO NOT STAY @ IMPERIAL PALACE!
1	I would do ZERO stars if I could.  Horrible, noisy, dirty, dusty experience.Staff was awful, service was worse.  Booked on LasVegas.com and they didn't stand behind their service.  I'll never book with them again ... not sure I'll ever go to vegas again.
2	One star for super cheap rates on a weekend. Second star for location on the strip45 minute check-in on a Thursday night, at 11pmNo rooms left with two beds (had to call front desk to send up second bed)Lamp in room broken. Super loud AC unit (at least it was working)No toilet seat cover (at least it had a seat!)Due to construction for the new Linq project, entrance to the parking garage is past IP and through the Harrah's parking garage entrance. If you are not familiar with the garage and getting to the hotel, it is very easy to get lost. A group of us came back to our room to relax and digest dinner at Hash House and drink vodka drinks. Our balcony overlooking the pool area provided entertainment for us as we tossed "porn slapper" cards off trying to hit our designated targets.Will I come back to the IP? If I had no other choice and was in need of a cheap room right in the heart of the strip, sure, but only as a last resort.
1	Holy shit, this place is godawful. I deserve it though for not checking reviews. I'm standing on a line to check in right now. It's been 45 fucking minutes and I'm a little more than halfway through the line. AT 1 IN THE MORNING! Can't wait to see shithole of a room. Hoping I don't catch something. Will never do this again.
2	I really don't have much to say about the Imperial Palace, the parking sucked, from valet to get to the Hash House was quite confusing, staff not that helpful to get you there. I think it was my 1st & last trip to the Imperial Palace.
4	This is our place. Stayed 3 nights (was supposed to be 4 but arrived late). It took sometime to get our room but the lady at the front did right by us.We had a King Size, smoking room in Tower 1&2. The room was awful smelling but hey a lot of cigarettes have been smoked in it. It was clean, we had no issues with the drain in the shower. Our AC was so cool I would get up at night to turn it to a lower setting.The bed was AMAZINGLY comfy. Firm with a pillow top, slept great! One if the things we liked the best.... easy to navigate the whole place. We were in and out several times a day because we were at a convention. Monorail right there, great food at Hash House a-go-go and Ginseng 3. Awesome entertainment with Divas.After the renovation is complete I am sure it will only get better. We hope to return some time and see!
1	Still a great location, but we had some items stolen from our room. Hotel was not very helpful about it and their insurance company rejected our claim. I won't sue because it is a few hundred dollars, but they were generally just d*cks about the whole thing. Although it is inexpensive and a good location, I doubt I'd go back. I probably wouldn't go back if it was free.
1	The worst hotel I've stayed in ANYWHERE thus far:1) Check in line was horribly long at 1:30am...wth?!2) Casino is cramped, old and smelly3) I'm pretty sure we had booked a NON-smoking room; our room smelled like a damp, old, smokey elderly home or someones pipe4) There were cracks on the wall, bathroom..pretty much everywhere5) Bathroom door had no lock....really?6) Trying not to be elitist here, but the guests staying there made me feel I was in hickvill/ghettoville America7) Only plus side was the guy at the register who was niceYes, yes we were being cheap but I've stayed at plenty of cheap ass places and NOTHING compared to this mess. Never again!
1	I'm planning a trip to Vegas and reminiscing about my first time going there in the late 70's when I was 9 yrs. old and I stayed here for the first time. Although I never intend to stay here again, I did stay in the mid 90's and even then I thought this hotel was so horrible that I am shocked it's still around.The main building was built in 1959 and originally named Flamingo Capri. Sold and renamed Imperial Palace in '79 and although new towers were added onto the property throughout the 80's it's really long overdue for an IMPLOSION. When I did stay here last,17 yrs ago, I thought for sure we would die while riding the elevator. It moved at a snails pace and clanked the entire ride. If for some reason you can overlook the many bad reviews here and are lured by the dirt cheap prices and it's prime location, I would suggest you book a room in the tower that was built last, I think Tower 4.Good Luck!
4	Excellent place for a bachelor party. Hosted a party this weekend place is rowdy lots of parting people in the casino. Rooms are clean and the showers work what else do you need in Vegas? The hotel is a bit tired, duct tape on the hallway floors noisy air conditioners constructuon in the front.  However if your in Vegas to party you can't beat this location (mid strip) at the price offered. (220 for thurs-Monday)
2	Hmmmmm.... the con's.  Make a long story short.This is definetly a $hit-HOLE.  If your looking for the dirt cheapest rooms on the strip, this is it. Rooms are actually big, big bathroom, basic ammenities.  I had to take 2 sets of elevators to get to my room.  I had a view of the dumsters, and the cement floor that seperates the dumsters and the pool above the dumster area. I couldnt open the window because the smell of trash would come into the room.  Smelled like ass and puke in the hallways.  Elevator smells like tunafish (all of them) Thank god I was drunk most of the time to not care of the cons.the pro's is the location.  RIte on the strip which made it awesome somewhat.  Room service was very cheap and very fast.  no resort fee's and free wifi which was a plus. Staff was very nice.  Good cheap drinks at the bar.
1	Wouldn't give it ant stars of I didn't have to. If you care about the things you are taking with you and for your safety even more do not, I repeat, do not stay here. This place is dirty and smoke-filled. We arrived and even if it was not very nice, we were only staying for one night so we didn't let it get to us. We dropped off our luggage in our room and went to eat and shop. Come back 2 hours later and all our luggage was gone with my car keys and other valuables. Called the front desk and I ran down to sit by my car so no one would take it. My car was at least saved because my boyfriend had AAA  and his father paid the large fee to get a new key made. Only one security guard was semi helpful. Another security guard kept yelling at my boyfriend to uncross his arms. Yeah they moved us to another floor but the damage was done. We took care of the security report and my car by 1 in the morning and then we are told the next morning that we won't be refunded because we didn't check out. No one was going to help us. Now we have to wait till Wednesday to call risk management and hope that will reimburse us at least minimally, although it was hinted at by the security guards and other reviews that I've read today that we won't be. Don't stay here!!!!!!!! We were lucky we weren't in the room when whoever got in was there. It could've been a lot worse. And to top it off when we were dealing with security the next morning another man was filing a report that his thugs were stolen too. I even read a review that guests' things were stolen from their room while they were sleeping in it. Don't stay here. Maybe with the lack of business they will fix all these negative things and learn to treat their guests better and ensure their safety. I am being completely honest and it was my birthday and I spent the night sitting in a hot parking structure trying to make sure my car wouldn't be stolen too. Please heed my words of caution. I was going to Vegas expecting a good time and we get $2500 worth of things taken from us and horrible customer service.
1	this is an absolutely horrible place to book a reservation!!! don't do it!!!  my husband and i booked a reservation on their website for august 15th, the confirmation at the time of booking showed all of the correct info. but, on the email confirmation the dates were completely different, (for the very next day actually). they charged us and refused a refund because they said we didn't "cancel" before 72 hours. it took them over an hour to find a manager, and he acted as if he was annoyed with me and then said "sorry you're unhappy, i'm gonna hang up now"!! do not make the mistake of dealing with these people, they changed the date on my reservation then blamed it on us and totally ripped us off.
3	Despite the poor reviews, I still don't mind staying at Imperial. Honestly, unless you plan to be staying inside your room your entire Vegas stay, there's no point for a $500+ weekend room. Half the time you're so wasted, you'll be lucky to wake up in a bed rather than the toilet. With that being said, Imperial Palace is such an affordable and convenient location, being it's center of the strip. I usually get my rooms here at super cheap prices. Plus, the gambling minimum here is very low compared to other casinos. Blackjacks, Craps, and PaiGow are $5 minimum bet. I love it!My only complaint about this place is the elevator. On weekends, the outdated hotel creates a huge issue with way to many people for the few number of elevators provided. I always request for the lowest floor possible when checking in so I can just walk the stairs. With all the food I eat in Vegas, walking the stairs is actually a good thing. There's also a Fat Tuesday and Has House A Go Go inside the hotel. They are currently remodeling and entrance to the parking lot is through Koval, turn onto Harrah's and Venetian way and follow the signs. Parking is also compact and limited but you most likely won't be driving much if you're staying here. The boyfriend and I got upgraded to the Luv Tub room on our recent stay. It was really "romantic." Imperial Palace also has a bridge that connects it to Harrah's Casino and Hotel as well as a monorail entrance/exit that goes up and down the strip. It's $5  each way or $12 for a full day pass.
1	Horrible place- stay away. Filthy hallways, ice machines all broken, graffiti in elevator. My room smells like dog piss. There was dog poop on the hallway floor by Pepsi machine. This place is awful. Stay away!
4	I have to give this place 4 stars.  First off is because the Drinks come in doubles!!!  Be sure to tip your waitress, Or else she will only Bring you one drink and no fun for you...  Second don't forget to join the select rewards club( players card) It's FREE to join and it has all sorts of good perk's, 5 $ for free to play slots and cheap rooms and other good stuff when you join ... they also have cheep buy ins so you could try your luck at many different games  that they have to offer.I've yet to have a complaint about my rooms, there always clean and everything  always works. It helps to be nice and ask for a pool view when you check in.  Hey a balcony view of the pool is always a plus!!!!   if you want a swanky ass room this ain't the place for you!!! Go stay at the cosmopolitan if you want a trendy room!!! over all this hotel is good if you want to be in the middle of all the action!!!OW how could i forget the live entertainment .... The IP has some Great talent, All the Entertainers put there hearts into there numbers, and is fun overall to watch when your hammered...  the waitresses are pretty cute too!!!!!! so i def recommend to stay at The Imperial Palace
1	The only reason anyone should ever visit the Imperial Palace is because their baby was kidnapped and being held for ransom in one of the rooms.  And even then I would say to think twice.This place suuuuuuuuuuuuucks.  I despise the parking garage that only a psychic with telekinetic powers and a smart car can get through.  I despise the dark, damp, smoky air that looms EVERYWHERE.  I despise the filthy carpets.  I despise the theater.Why does it seem like everyone staying here is checking in for a month?!  What's with all the luggage?!And don't get me started on the "Dealertainers."  I'm pretty sure Michael Jackson was being performed by a white high school basketball player.  For the girls team.It appears as though they are going through some kind of renovation.  I can't imagine what those poor people are pulling up out of the walls and carpet.  Unless you like to feel like you're in a giant hostel while smoking three packs of cigarettes in five minutes via second hand smoke, stay away.  Seriously.  Stay.  Away.
1	If you're looking for a hotel on the strip with all the looks of a murder-infested motel, Imperial Palace is for you. Getting there was an adventure in itself. There is a driveway accessible from both directions on the strip. The driveway goes in between the Imperial Palace and Harrah's. The husband I are semi-educated, literate adults, so when I saw two signs, one pointing to Imperial's Valet service and the other pointing to self-parking, I took the one that said self parking. That was a mistake. It actually led to Harrah's parking garage. Fifteen minutes later, we made our way back to the same driveway and this time to the right turn. Once we were in it, we saw the sign on a pillar (behind another concrete pillar) that pointed the way to Imperial's self serve parking.PARKING IS AWFUL.Check-in was breezy. And then there were the elevators. Stained carpets, cigarette butts, and graffiti. Run down with outdated decor, I can handle. But their standard of cleanliness did not inspire any trust in me.Once we got to the room, we checked drawers, bathroom, and so on, as people are wont to do in a new place. Couple of things: There was a spot of blood on the wall in the bathroom. In the bottom drawer of the TV cabinet, there were papers from a previous guest dated two weeks ago. It was a sales list with the name, address and credit card number of some person who'd been there before us. Two possibilities: The last guest had shoved his papers in the drawer and had forgotten them and housekeeping does not do a thorough check of the room after a guest has departed....or, housekeeping is so lax that someone just decided to shove trash hurriedly into a drawer instead of actually cleaning up.I was hungry and the husband suggested room service. I rolled my eyes and didn't even consider it. If this was the mess they let guests see, I don't want to eat anything that comes from behind closed doors.All in all, Imperial Palace is less of a hidden gem, than it is something that should probably stay buried.
2	Just stayed here this past weekend and it was meh....First room: stepped in the shower and turned on the water and all this crap came out of the drain. It looked like mold or mildew or some other kind of nasty crap. Either way, it was disgusting. So, we complained and we got a new room. Second room: stepped into the shower, turned on the water, and bubbles came up and the water still didn't drain...well it drained, but very slowly. I figured, you know what? Bubbles are better than crap, so I took my shower anyways. Honestly, the people you'll see here are quite the characters. The place is really run down, but you're getting what you're paying for. The beds are soft!! But, that might also be because I came back dead tired every night, I'm pretty sure a piece of cardboard would've sufficed. Regardless, this place is pretty bad and for the price I paid last weekend, I could've stayed somewhere a lot nicer.
2	I'll rate this place two stars because their casino is actually one of my favorite to play at. It's got a good vibe.The rooms however, holy grossness! We stayed here because it was the cheapest centralized hotel we could find on the strip, and we were broke at the time. So for that I guess I can't really complain because you get what you pay for. When we checked into the room I immediately went to use the bathroom since I had been sitting in a car for the 4 hours prior, and the first thing I noticed....someone else's hair on the bathroom floor and a squashed bug in the bathtub. Did the maid service skip this room? yuck!Next, my fiance and i went and sat down at the foot of the bed, the mattress flipped completely up sending us both to the floor! Nice, way to set off the mood. And if you want to take a nap or sleep in, forget about it....we had a "nice pool side room." Why is that a problem? The music was playing so loudly from the pool that even with the sliding glass door closed we could STILL feel the bass vibrations and hear the music. This hotel is fine if you're looking at cramming 7 college guys into it and maybe plan on spending 2 hours total sleeping in it. But I don't think we'll be coming back to this one.
3	Room rates are reasonable. This place got lots of regulars coming in. The dealertainers, dealers who impersonate celebrities are just so fun to watch! We used to stay here even if our place is 15 minutes away. This place is walking distance to a lot of other casinos, bars and restaurants. Iit's one of the older casinos at he strip but it's a lot of FUN!
3	My husband and I missed our flight out and had to find a cheap hotel back in Las Vegas. Fearing a large rate, we found a room listed at $32 a night here at the Imperial Palace and we jumped on it. The hotel is under construction which made it difficult to get into and we waited about an hour and a half to check-in due to the line. However, we were upgraded to a suite which consisted of a large king-size bed, a jacuzzi, and huge mirrors on the ceiling. Hey, it's $32...The hotel was extremely confusing to navigate. We needed our map the whole time and trying to get to the back of the hotel to get a cab while some elevators worked while others only went to certain floors was frustrating.Excellent drink prices but the cleanliness, the navigation, and the check-in wait time is what knocked stars off.
1	Stayed here for a night because we decided to stay in Vegas an extra night and well, it really is "just a place to stay"[-] first, it took us forever to figure out where the heck we were going[-] and where the elevators are and where they lead[-] the room was small and pretty gross[-] I didn't feel comfortable sitting on the carpet[-] the toilet HAD NO TOILET SEAT COVER and was pretty dirty[-] room was poorly lit (not enough lights)[-] the closet doesn't even have any doors covering it[-] casino is sooooo tinyUghhhh, I never wanna come baaaaaaack!
1	Stayed here because it was the cheapest hotel on the Strip that we could find. Also, its on a really good location right across from Caesars Palace. Will I stay here again? Probably not. Parking lot sucks. It is kinda confusing on how to get there and the lot just sucks. The check-in lines are really long and they don't move fast. They need to hire more people yo!! I'm a compulsive gambler and their casino isn't impressive at all... Probably the worse casino I've been to. Elevators suck as well. They are old as hell and are freaking slow!! As for the room.... Ehhhhhhh. Where do I start... It was about 100 degrees outside and obviously we want the AC to be on full blast. However, the freaking AC didn't work. It was more like a fan blowing hot air omg. Fix it!!!! The bathroom sucked. Whenever we showered, the bathtub kinda clog. That thing took forever to drain omg. We had to wait about 20-30min for it to drain so the next person could shower. Ice machine in our floor was broken too. Fml. The size of the room was descent and their beds were pretty comfy.... that's the only positive I can think of...The only thing that made this bearable was cause I was drunk the entire time so I didn't really care.I will probably never be staying here again..... They seriously need to remodel/upgrade. You know how they say you get for what you pay for? I think I overpaid even though it was dirt cheap
1	I have stayed here a number of times, whenever, looking for the CHEAPEST room on the strip...and its always a bit sketchy....HOWEVER.. they have a major construction project going on that makes the frustration in parking and staying WAY BEYOND the savings of a $24 room.  Maybe put back on your calendar in mid 2013...but for god sakes do not stay here until you talk to an agent that assures you the construction is over!  I discovered the mess on arrival....made the trip almost terrible...their roulette wheel was rolling hot....stay next door and play here maybe.  : )
2	We reluctantly stayed a second time at the Imperial Palace recently due to the cheap price. The ongoing construction is a mess and getting out to the strip invovles a journey through the smokey lobby and then you walk into a long tunnel that snakes around to a front construction zone style covered sidewalk that fronts the entire building.Behind these tunnel and sidewalk walls is more longterm construction and jack hamemrs in action to give this place a facelift. On top of that they are building a huge ferris wheel behind the Imperial Palace which will take awhile to complete. So there is also an opening next to the building that leads to where the huge steel base of this ferris wheel is being welded together behind this hotel. Needless to say the back of the building is also a construction zone with the shuttle busses being routed to a back corner of the Hotel as forklifts and water trucks drive by servicing the ferris wheel jobsiteOn this visit we noted lots of yellow shirted security rent a cops in the lobby of the hotel walking around. Many more than on our previous visit. Mostly in the evening hours. One morning at 6:15 AM we left the hotel to go over to McDonalds for some quick  breakfast which is located just a short distance down the strip from the hotel. There were a few ladies and a guy or two hanging out at the front entrance of the hotel on the sidewalk. It looked like they were concluding a long night and early morning of partying on the strip. I walked about 35 yards past them towards McDonalds then heard one of the girlls yell " Are you freaking kidding me?". Just then two young black thugs with backpacks went running by me very very fast....with one of the ladies purses in hand. They were hauling ass and took off around the building and snuck away. Moments later she ran by and it was then i realized she was robbed. (I thought she was yelling at one of her friends). This incident may help explain the added security at the hotel though no yellow shirt security personnel were seen that morning. Needless to say in the future we will pay the extra few bucks to stay at a different hotel. To much drama and action at this hotel.
4	My husband and I stayed here for 2 weeks, and I have to say it was a pretty awesome stay.  The staff is very friendly and outgoing, and the atmosphere is awesome.  We originally booked a standard room, but ended up having a small problem and they bumped us up to a suite with a jacuzzi and mirrors on the ceilings.  My only complaint would be that the floors are really nasty, but overall we had a great stay here.
4	Being a vegas local, I've been lured by hotel stay comps from everywhere and I've pretty much seen it all-good and bad. Now, we've stayed twice at this hotel & have nothing really bad to say about it. One good thing it has going for it is its central location. Parking may be tricky for the average driver who may find it difficult maneuvering thru small spaces & around big pillars. It doesnt help that there's ongoing construction leading up to their parking garage. First tip: Dont avoid the road marked 'Imperial Palace employee parking only' on Koval. You can use that road to get to the parking garage. Second tip: Park on the 'north side', on the floor marked '2' and it should be a breeze going in to the casino-into the double door, walk up to the double escalator, walk a few steps and voila...elevator to the hotel rooms! :) if you find you need snackies to get you through your hungover night, there's Whiskey Run-a small convenience store that has pretty much every sundry you are ever going to need. Hash-house a-go go is a good dining spot if you want a decent sized meal with none of the smoke and yacking tourists who talk ever so loudly when they get drunk! Lol. (Had to put that in). Now, to those who have complaints of smoke-smelly rooms, I dont know what to say except I guess ask for a transfer??Maybe make sure you're on a non-smoking floor?? I have been lucky so far and the rooms we've stayed in have been smoke-smell free, and had good room service and all. Lastly, I really like that rooms here are budget friendly. Booked my last one with priceline, and got a great deal - $23 a night. (may have used a coupon code for booking with a Visa card). So, would I stay at this hotel again? I definitely will :)
3	Lower/Older hotel; but if you're just looking for a place to crash; you can't beat the price or the location.  I've stayed here multiple times and the staff is second to none in service to the guests.  I always consider staying here.  In the process of remodelling now.UPDATE - after my last stay, the rooms have become more run down.  The hallways aren't cleaned very well.  I'll likely look elsewhere for a room in the future.  As it moves to its new name The Quad, hopefully these things will change, but retain the 'value' of a inexpensive hotel.
1	If I could give this place zero stars, I would. We stayed an extra night in Vegas and got a room here for free. Most would think who cares, it was a free room! I think not! I would rather have stayed up all night than stay here! The room was dirty, the carpet was stained and had sticky stuff on it. The bathroom has mildew looking stuff on the faucet, and the tub drained super slow.This hotel needs to me closed!
2	***LONG OVER DUE REVIEW INCOMING IN 3...2...1...Standing in line for check in with my buddies, I noticed some really noticeable and some not so noticeable things.  The most noticeable was the heavy smoke inside the casino.  Occasional faded stains on the carpets in the casino were also very noticeable.  Somewhat not so noticeable was the feeling that you weren't in Vegas.  Another not so noticeable fact is the crowded nature of the counter to the beginning of the casino.  The latter may not seem like of much importance.  In perspective of dialogue that will be presented, significance may arise.  Now after using the word "noticeable", a noticeable amount of times, I'll continue.   -Hotel Clerk:  Hi, how can I help you?-Arnold (me obviously): Uh...we'd like to check into our rooms.  *HOTEL CLERK CLICKS AWAY AT THE COMPUTER AND SCANS THE ROOM KEYS.   Hotel Clerk:  Alright, here are your room keys.  Have you stayed with us before?-Arnold:  This will be my first.*HOTEL CLERK GATHERS MORE PAPERS INCLUDINGS COUPONS AND A MAP...YES, A MAP.  Looking down at the map, I knew this was going to bad news.-Hotel Clerk: Beginning here facing the front of the casino...Noises of the casino around me start coming into the forefront.  The rings and conversations around me start entering my ear.  A.D.D. begins to rage, can't focus.  I turn around for a second to scan the area again..."Hey! There's a fake Elvis dealing blackjack!  That's funny."...then I turn back around at the map.  -Hotel Clerk: ...and that is how you'll get to the rooms.I looked down at the map.  She, the clerk, had given me a descriptive way to get to our rooms while drawing on the map in a directional pattern that reminded me of a maze from one of those kid's maze books.  It was all squiggles to me.    -Arnold: Could you show me that again?  -Hotel Clerk:  So we are here.  Now you'll walk...corridor...blah blah blah...stairway...blah blah blah...and you'll be right there.  Got it?Staring at the pen on the desk and at the shape and curvature of the objects near the computer, I recalled the combination of items with center of attention resembling hamburger and fries.  I must have been hungry.  One thing is certain; I have a hard time focusing when I really need to at times.  Did mention anything about raging A.D.D.?  -Arnold:  Yup, I got it.   This is going to be embarrassing I thought.  I followed the map the best I could.  We each took turns looking at the map.  Going up and down stairs, trying to follow the number of the rooms, you'll see that different sections start and finish another set of room numbers.  Simple to say, the search was complicated.  After about 10-20- minutes of wandering around, we eventually found our rooms.  Now I know how Moses in the desert felt...at least for 10-20 minutes.    Our rooms were sleep-able.  Everything worked and things looked fine considering the expectations.  Unfortunately, the fact everything in the room looked like it hadn't changed since the 1980's may lead one to believe it isn't as clean as it can be.      In a nutshell, luxury and Imperial Palace are like oil in water.  Don't expect them to mix.  So throw out special amenities you think you might get.  Within the immediate future, a discount stay for ones on a budget pinch, IP sits on a very respectable spot on The Strip.  This prime location will be torn down and replaced with another resort, so days of this politically incorrectly themed hotel and casino is coming to an end.
1	Eeeeeeekkkk.. One of the worst hotels in Vegas. It's right on the strip and it's cheap. The room I stayed at was filthy. Stains on the floor, mold in the bathroom. I won't be staying here anymore. This hotel may be the imperial palace, but it's not a palace.
1	I hate this hotel. I was forced to stay here for a bachelor party. This hotel is ugly, smells and really shows its age. I didn't like a single thing about this place. I have stayed at most of the strip hotels over the years and this is easily the worst. It is one of the cheaper hotels if price is your only criteria. Location is good - in the middle of the strip.If I could give it "0" stars I would.
2	So I ended up at the Imperial Palace because Bill's booted us over here because they were having "plumbing problems"We drove for half an hour to get here from Bill's (a 5 minute walk) thanks to some A+ directions from someone at Bill's front desk. When we finally got to the IP I waited for about 10 minutes to check in. We made it very clear that we were unhappy with being kicked over to the IP and asked if there was anything they could do. We talked to a manager, who was actually very friendly and understanding. He ended up upgrading us to a room reserved for Diamond Club members. What special amenities did this "upgraded" room have? A coffee pot.....thanks......Let me just say that the IP was nothing short of awful. I mean, it got the job done (as in, we weren't sleeping on the street...which might actually have been cleaner), but the room was dirty, TERRIBLE lighting (how are 7 girls supposed to get ready in a room with 2 dull lamps?), we had to wait about 5 minutes to get on the elevators, the staff was EXTREMELY rude and unhelpful. After waiting 20 minutes in line to check out, the woman at the front desk checked out someone else by accident instead of us. Meaning that those people would have been kicked out unexpectedly and we would never have been checked out and had to pay extra. Good thing we figured out what happened before we left...Anyways, the reason I am giving this a 2 and not a 1 is because it was somewhat, sort of, a little bit okay. Yes, it was dirty and crappy and awful, but that's okay. It's in the middle of the strip and you never really spend much time in the hotel anyways in Vegas. The thing I was most upset about was the customer service, or lack thereof. If the people I talked to would have been more friendly, competent and caring, then my experience here would have been a lot better. All in all, this place is grungy but gets the job done. But I won't be staying here again....
1	This place is so gross!The hotel itself is confusing! I think it took us 45 minutes to find our room! We were dragging our luggage every where, I was so exhausted! We finally get to our room and I swear The Motel 6 has better looking rooms than this place! It stank, bathroom was gross, the beds were gross looking and the TV must have been 20 years old! Thank goodness I was drunk and thank goodness we only stayed one night! :/Forgot to mention that the only reason we stayed here was because our drunk asses decided to stay an extra night in Vegas and we got this room for free. Oh what Vegas does to ya!
4	As it was my first Vegas trip as an adult, I could care less where I slept. But I got a great deal ($23 a night, 3 night Wed, Thur, Fri) in the first tower. While it wasnt hard to find my room, it was near impossible at first to find the door to the parking structure. Bunch random vendors inside, food court. Casino was small with bunch of Slots and I think about 2 dozen table games. Didnt do much gambling there, $5 tables are nice. They have this odd thing where they have celebrity imprissionists as your dealers, weird. I saw 2 ears od Michael jacksom, Sheryl Crow, and I think Garth Brooks. I didnt adverture around the place much since Vegas has much more to offer.Idk why other people complain about this place, I almost never slept, and the beds where comfortable, and clean sheets. Old crappy Tv from the 80's, but seriously, who wants to stay in and watch tv!! I have no complaints now that I still visualy remember how to get to my car. Get lost once, never complain once more.
4	I came here for 2 days and got a pretty good deal on the room. I was put on the second floor and it had access to the pool right from the room. It was really nice and the staff is very friendly! I went up to explore the hotel, and the ballrooms aren't that great, but the restaurants are decent. It's not one of the "in" places in Vegas, but it's still on the strip, so it's good to me. I would stay here again, I got a great deal and the room was nice and clean. No complaints other than having to pay for wifi, but that's with any hotel.
1	Stay away. Avoid Ginseng3 unless you like old fish dipped in disinfectant.
2	Hotel Rating: Yuck! Very dirty... they dont even clean the rooms. The walls had nasty stuff all over them along with the bathroom floor. We upgraded the room and didnt get much of an "upgrade." We just were not right next to the construction. Only good thing is that it is on strip and cheap!  - You get what you pay for.
1	If I could give this hotel negative stars I would. Keep in mind, I did not stay at the IP expecting the Wynn. I knew this was not a first class establishment, but the location and price were too tempting.First off, we could not find the parking structure for a good half hour. The construction is awful and there is no proper signage to designate where guests should go to park. Literally drove in circles.Upon finally making it to our room, we attempted to open the room door but were stopped by a pile of DIRTY towels. Probably a good 50-60 towels sitting in the hallway of our room. I called the front desk and they said to come down and they would give us an "upgrade." Apparently the "upgrade" was the exact same room two floors higher. We had a view of the strip which we didn't realize meant listening to the Carnival Bar blaring music until they closed. Of course, I was not in my room all night, but I had a friend who had to go back early sick and she was unable to sleep. We left the next morning and paid way too much for another hotel. I know you get what you pay for, but I don't think you could pay me to stay at the Imperial again.
3	Just came to check out the Auto Collection. Walking through the casino a lot of guests were checking in.
2	There's construction going on out front.  This casino still has the feel of what Vegas casinos looked and felt like before the fancier ones were constructed.  Low ceilings and somewhat gaudy.  Smoky like heck.
1	I won't give a 0 star because though tempting, the overall experience/price/location has to be considered. I give it the one star simply for the fact that it is centrally located on the strip. That's all. Nothing more. Maybe half-star would be closer to the truth.Pets allowed at a low price was why I chose it. I would not go here again. Dog relief area is fake grass that stinks, and since all pet rooms are located on the first floor, you have a very close proximity to it, however, it takes so long to get to it because you have to go up and down elevators and escalators to get to the first floor from the first floor. That layout is crazy. Average sized rooms, flat screen t.v., strong smell of pet and/or pet stain cleaner was overwhelming. Parking is the most turned around place I have ever gotten lost in. Trying to find your car after parking and then locating your room and then finding your car and then finding your room and then...Stop! I've been here before.Construction going on also makes you wake up early. This is the smokiest place on earth...and it isn't just the new smoke smell, it's the old stuff that made its way up to the floors and lingered and settled in to reek.Its cheap ($60 with a dog) on the strip. Bed was pretty comfortable though. Housekeeping honored my request not to do any service as I stayed 2 nights so there's a positive. Bell staff was not good.
2	One and a half stars would probably be a better rating.... but I'm hard-pressed to argue for it being the worst.  And the casino itself is fairly friendly, if a little lacking in theme.About the best that can be said about IP is that it's right smack in the center of everything: between Harrahs and Flamingo, across the street from Caesar's Palace.  And that's, unfortunately, the beginning and end of the things that sell me on it.The street face is under construction, so it's hard to mark it down for outside appearance.  That said, at $150/ night for a weekend in October, there is near-as-nothing to justify the cost.For that price, my friends and I received a "Deluxe" room.  A simple two-queen bed affair, with a small rounded card table in one corner and the bare basics: tv, dresser, bathroom.  They charged a fifty-dollar fee for having a third person in the room, but for those extra fifty dollars, we received nothing extra - towels were for two, cups for two, etc.  The decor was fairly straight-forward, but nothing I couldn't find at a Motel 6 or Shilo Inn.  I shudder to think what a "Classic" would be like.For being a "themed" (I think?) hotel on the strip, there is near-as nothing done to work with the theme.  There is nothing about the hotel that says "Asian influence", not in the way that Harrah's screams "Mardi Gras", or Paris shouts "European villa", or Caesar's tells you "Roman Senatorial Bacchanal".  Ideally, they'd have more Asian art, suits of samurai armor, -something- thematically-appropriate.  About the closest thing they had in that regard were the ladies out front trying to draw people in: given that the entrance was covered in construction, they pranced about in jean shorts, hiking boots, orange vests and plastic hard hats.  Inside, the only attraction was "celebrity look-alike dealers who all took a turn at either singing over or lip-synching a song by the celebrity they were impersonating (not entirely sure which).The hallways for the hotel rooms were in pretty terrible condition (particularly for the price).  Carpeting was often loose and pulled up from the floor and stains were rampant throughout it.  More disturbing, trash found outside of rooms at 5pm on Friday night were still there by Saturday at 3pm.Expect to pay if you want to check in before 4pm.  Expect to pay if you want wifi (and there is no landline for internet).  No mini-fridge in the room.On to the casino - as mentioned, nearly no theme except celebrity look-a-likes (because nothing says "Chinese Imperial Palace" like dressing up as Rod Stewart?).  Out of I suspect two dozen gaming tables, only half of them were in use at any time.  The dealers were friendly, the servers attentive, and the pit bosses were professional and courteous.  The overall layout was somewhat cramped, but I suspect that is a function of the construction more than anything else - the poker room is on the third floor rather than the main gaming floor, most of the restaurants are on the fifth, iirc.If you're looking for a "Vegas Strip Hotel" experience, this simply isn't the place to go.  If you're looking just for a roof and clean bed, there are cheaper options just a block or two off the strip, and otherwise just as centrally-located.  Hopefully, the construction will lead to them making it more Vegas glamour and less Indian res casino meets Motel 6.
4	For $37 including tax on a weekday, it has to be the cheapest hotel on the strip (Book it through vegas.com). It is located conveniently across Cesar Palace and next to Harrah's. The good thing about this place is it doesn't charge any resort fee.Getting to the room takes a bit of navigation so the map given to me by the receptionist was very handy. Room is big and comfy for the price and I would definitely recommend this place for budget travelers.Right now, the hotel is under construction so getting to the parking lot is a bit confusing. If you don't read the sign carefully, you might just end up at the Harrah's parking lot instead which was what happened to me.
3	I suggest staying somewhere else unless you only plan to sleep in your room at night and aren't looking for anything but a bed.  The only reason I give the place three stars is because the dealers should get five stars.  Regarding the hotel, after a long and somewhat confusing walk to the check-in counter from the taxi drop-off, there was a long line to check into the hotel.  Once through the line, I was notified my room was not ready because check-in is not until 4:00 p.m.  Of course, they were happy to find me a room that would be ready for a $20 early check-in fee.  I opted for a $10 per night room upgrade and they waived the early check-in fee.  The room was below the standards of an average Holiday Inn Express (and remember, this is the upgrade).  The TV was small and they only offered about a dozen channels.  The shower had weak water pressure.  At least the bed was comfortable.  Overall, though, I suggest spending a little more and staying at Harrah's.  Regarding the casino, this was much better.  While it may lack flash, it had great dealers and pit workers.  Throughout the night, the dealers are celebrity impersonators and work very hard make your experience a good one. Look for Kesha and Jake (Blues Brothers) and tip them well.  They made the stay worthwhile.   The servers were also always nearby and quick here - much better than Harrah's. Bottom line: Stay at Harrah's and play the tables at the IP.
1	Disgusting. No other word for it. Bathroom floor has mold, not cleaned. Dust over everything. Hair on sheets. Dust exploded from ac when turned on. Floor filthy!!!!!  Balcony door doesn't lock. Lipstick on glass. And front desk won't change room and housekeeping won't clean it. One star as I can't give a negative. I'm sooo disappointed in harrahs.  Called front desk they "can't help" and housekeeping won't respond.
4	So First off, I want to say, I booked a weekend here and then looked at the hotel reviews on yelp. and all of the negative reviews are wrong!!!!The Reason I booked it was to have four year anniversary get away with my girlfriend   so was mad that I booked this hotel after reading the all of the reviews. but when I get there I was very happy. the rooms did not smell (I got the non-smoking room). The room looked very nice, the king sized bed. the service was amazing. I did not like the location of the room, so I asked the front desk for another one and they gave to me on the spot.there are somethings that could be upgraded. for instance the TVs were dated, the AC was not central air. but over all no deal breakers at all. I did not come to Las Vegas to watch tv or to be in the room all day! lolalthough I had to stay in the room the second night due to the fact we partied hard, and yet I enjoyed staying in.. I wish I did more but could not. loved that the hotel is in the middle of the strip, so everything was walking distance. They don't have much fare but I would go back
1	WISH I COULD HAVE PUT NO STARS!!! Couldn't find the place for thirty minutes due to the construction. you have to go through a mile of tunnels and allies to get to the place! The vale people are the only positive thing hereThis is the worst place I've ever been too my room had no comforter, the lamp was brokenand a fire hazard, and the ice machine was broken. there was no pillow cases?! There was "indescribable substances" on my room service menu! Eww! The chairs were stained. double eww!  I got a wonderful view of the construction site and heard the lovely beeping day and night! There's no safe and no mini fridge the balcony is a danger but the bathroom was renovated but still had a gross toilet and 1960s hair dryer! The room smelt like sweat it was disgusting! The elevator is so old it might collapse at any momentThe restaurants were so gross I couldn't even stay to eat! Most of them had closed down (probably by the health inspector) and the looked worst than mall food courts!  I would never stay here again even if someone paid me too I mean I know the place is cheap but all I was asking for was livable conditions I'm pretty sure I would have had a better room at motel 8!
1	Yelp, why isn't a zero star review possible?! This place downright sucks! Elevators that are out of service/so rickety they should be out of service, filthy rooms that stink like mildew and old dirty carpets, a pool that's surrounded by a building so there's barely any sun for a good part of the day. Ice machines that don't work, staff that waits 5 minutes before answering your call. This place is a disaster zone, and quite honestly, its a waste of prime space on the strip. they're remodelling it, but it should just be demolished and replaced with something new. There's nothing imperial about this palace, and I, as the Empress, was not well pleased.
3	I came to vegas for a competition last year and my team and I were in desperate need of cheap rooms/ close to the strip. I was looking up rates for Venetian, Ceasars, MGM, and Ballagio but all were not cutting the budget. A friend of mine told me about Imperial Palace, how it's close to the strip and cheap so I did a last minute booking and it was around 70$ a night. Pretty good compared to spending 300$+ on the other hotels that were on the strip. I've never been to Imperial Palace before hand so when we got to Vegas it was a little difficult finding this Hotel: it was snug between a huge parking structure and Flamingos. For the price we paid, it was clean, spacious, with two queen beds and a clean bathroom. That's all we really needed basically because I knew we were going to be out the whole night. All twenty something of us split up into two groups of ten and shared two rooms with four queen beds. We left Vegas happy without any holes in our wallets.
3	After a few days of staying elsewhere and needing a room just for one night this was one of our only options. Everything else was either sold out or too expensive just to spend a night. The reviews were scary and horrible so it was a hard choice to decide to settle for this place. We made a reservation for the cheapest room they had. We had to make a huge line to check-in, and finally were told that the type of room we booked was not available in non-smoking, so we were upgraded to a deluxe suite for $10 more. The service was good, the wait was due to the fact that the hotel is under construction for a much needed renovation. The room was way better than we expected. Everything looked very clean, spacious and we had a little balcony that faced the back parking lot lol. I give it 3 stars because it was cheap and decent. No noise or bugs, everything in the room worked fine. You pretty much get what you pay for, considering this place is so cheap you picture it being a dump and it is NOT at all. If you want/need something fancy, then this place is not for you. If you just need a place to sleep then its just fine. Would i stay here again? In an emergency yes, if i have the opportunity to book a room with anticipation, then no lol P.S. Almost forgot! The best part of this hotel is that they do NOT charge a resort fee! Being on the strip this is awesome considering those go up to $25 per night in other hotels.
1	This place is an absolute nightmare.  Harrahs sent us free room nights and, unfortunately, by the time we called to book, the only place with openings was the Imperial Palace.  I would never stay here again - I would much rather pay the $10 or $20 more and not feel like I was getting infected with who knows what... We paid the $20 extra and got a suite at check-in. (It was sold to us as on the quiet side of the hotel... more about THAT later)  As we entered the room, I knew I had walked into a room that had not had any renos since the early 1990's.  This was confirmed when I called my mom, explained my room to her and she said it sounded identical to one she stayed in at IP in 1995... Perfect.  The mirror on the ceiling was interesting and I would have to say it was the only good part of our room.  The toenails and pubic hair that I found in the washroom were pretty much the most disgusting things I have ever seen in a hotel room... not to mention that they were in the jacuzzi tub that was in the MIDDLE of the room.  I refuse to believe that a housekeeper just failed to notice them.  It was in plain sight.  At the airport on the way back I spoke with some people on our flight we were telling me about the dirty underwear they found in their room at the IP... so I assume this is no isolated incident. The bed was comfortable, but no question, Bills (generally $26.95 per night) just down the street has better beds (not to mention the rooms are amazing there... and clean).  Unfortunately, being on the 'quiet side' means you are on the construction side.  So no matter how quiet it is as night, at 7:30am without fail the construction started.  Making it IMPOSSIBLE to sleep.Plug-ins in the room do not work making it impossible to charge even a cellphone. The carpet was stained god knows what.  Even my beloved ceiling mirror was covered in a strange substance (you can use your imagination on that one...).      Oh my gosh I cannot express enough to NOT STAY HERE.If I could look past the toenail clippings and pubic hair I might give this place 2 stars - they have celeb impersonators as dealers in the casino, the location is super legit and the IP is home to Hash House A Go Go.  But I just can't.
4	I booked this hotel online as a total rewards customer and got an awesome deal!  We checked in on a Sunday afternoon (line is always long) and was given a room in tower 5.  Hallways were rundown and dirty which made me nervous about what our room would look like.  To my surprise it wasn't that bad.  It wasn't till the next morning I realized that the bed was hard like a rock and the tub wouldn't drain.  On top of that, my husband ironed his shirt using the hotel iron and it ruined his nice shirt.  We called the front desk and voiced our frustrations and was immediately moved to tower 1 in a Roman tub suite.  This room was newer and so much better.  Slept like a baby on the comfy bed and enjoyed the huge tub.  I would recommend getting the suites at this hotel.  Rooms are better maintained and cleaner.  After making the switch in rooms my short vacation was that much better!!
1	HORRIBLE DUMP! Dirty rooms, broken bath tubs, and I WAS ROBBED!!! Somehow somebody was able to get into my room and stole ALL my belongings! STAY AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!
3	***BEWARE, the doors do not shut well. So, be sure to check your door to make sure it is shut and locked each time your come and go. I didn't do this, and someone came into my room while I was sleeping and stole everything. They must run down the halls and check for open doors. Be warned.Stayed 3 nights here. To keep it simple, here's the pros and cons of this joint:PROS:1. Cheap as hell2. Decent casino right downstairs with $5 min bets, not $10 like the nicer places3. Centrally located right on the strip, so easy to get to all places.CONS:1. Dirty. Yeah, the carpets are truly gross, and the showers don't drain well. The beds are actually decent though.2. Very loud. Outside dance floor right at the front entrance, which blares till 4am on that side of the building. However, if you're like us and are out till 3-4am and drunk when you get back, no big deal.3. Crappy security. No cameras in the halls or stairs. My thief got away clean, and they tried again the next night by pushing on all the doors.4. Long, slow line to check in. Be prepared to be in line well over 1 hour, maybe 2 on a Friday or Saturday. Thankfully we came 10pm on  Thursday so no line.All in all, I'd stay there again, but probably won't. If saving your money is the main object, I would still recommend, so long as you secure your door. We didn't spend much time in our room, so I could care less about the disgusting carpet and crummy shower. But, now that I am not a Vegas Virgin, I'll probably pony up a few extra $$$ and stay somewhere nicer and with less potential for crime. I mean, do you know what it's like having your cell phone stolen and to be cut off from the world? lol
3	Oh Imperial Palace... cheap place to stay (think model style rooms), great location (center strip), and a casino with relatively low minimums. It excels at its purpose, if that makes any sense. Don't expect a 5 star hotel experience here folks. Your room will be clean, your elevator ride will be slow, and the smell of pot will be everywhere. If you are just looking for a place to crash and don't want to spend big $$$ at the other joints on the strip, IP is a good bet if its under $60 bucks - if over $60 bucks, i would have a hard time justifying paying that amount of money for a room here. The casino is old school Vegas - unpretentious, relaxed, and well, fun... Something missing from the big, new fancy megaresorts around the strip. They've got "Dealertainers" - dealers who are also celebrity impersonators - who not only deal the cards, but sing and dance too. Good, fun free entertainment.
1	wow, even super 8 is better than this placewalk in to a warm breeze that smells like a combo of old people, rotting food, and cigarette smoke, walk around the halls of stained carpets and dirty walls, sleep in sheets that aren't changed (stayed here 3 days, 2 nights and the sheets weren't changed during our stay), and try to ignore all the construction taking place in the parking lot and the hotel.wow...instead of living like a queen, i felt like I was in a movie where the main character goes out to the strip and enjoys life, just to return home and remember reality of living in a dump.
1	Wow, just like going to a third world country but not as nice.  This hotel is perfect crash in after a night of clubbing.
1	I didn't expect much when I booked at Imperial Palace because I had been there last time with the buffet packages deal. Due to my budget with my two rooms stay and two nights, I returned to Imperial palace for second time.However, I reserved for non-smoking rooms and the front desk told me that I had to pay $15 per night more because it was subject to the room availibility according to the front desk. I was very upset with their tricks and dishonest. I had to suck it up and paid $15 PER NIGHT  more.  I 'd rather stay at the neighbor hotels and pay more instead of staying there next time. The hotel is very old and I could hear noises from the room next door. I read other reviews and agreed with them about the crappy carpet and security. Only good thing  is the location because it 's at the center of the strips.Just to give you the good advice : They ll change the name to "THE QUAD" and next time if you want to save money, call them and make sure you get your room with the price that you want to pay for it. IT'S TERRIBLE TO STAY AT THE PLACE THAT THEY DON'T KEEP THEIR PROMISES.
2	I would give this a 2.5 star review if I could. I also don't mean to beat this place up by giving it two stars. I had a totally fine experience here. I had booked a room at Harrah's a while back and decided to come in a day earlier than anticipated. I booked a room at the IP for a Monday night, paid in advance, and it cost less than $20 with taxes and everything. It would be hard to fuss about anything at that price. The rooms, while very old, are totally fine. Everything was clean and who spends that much time in their hotel room when in Vegas, anyways?My biggest gripes are with the casino. Imperial Palace is supposed to be a property that caters to the budget gambler who wants to stay on the strip. It's possible to get a cheap game here, but in most cases, they tinker with the odds. They do have $5/$10 blackjack here, but those tables pay 6:5 on a blackjack (instead of 3:2). That seriously shifts the advantage towards the house, and that is NOT blackjack. The slots also seemed to be rather tight, but they seemed that way everywhere. If you want a cheap room in a great location, and you don't require much in the way of amenities, this is a great place to be. However, be very careful in the casino to make sure you're getting a fair shake. Don't ever sit down at a Blackjack table that pays 6:5. I would definitely stay here again, but I wouldn't spend much time at all in the casino. Maybe I would if I was betting $25 a hand, but if I could afford that much, I'd probably be gambling in a much nicer place.
1	This place is disgusting...like Circus Circus quality! It makes me sad because I always rooted for Imperial. It may not be the fanciest, but it always had this uniquely laid back and fun feel to it. Now its just gross and attracts people of the same caliber. Upon walking in (from Harrah's) the offensive smell of stale coffee and donuts from Betty's Diner is enough to make you want to vomit. When we got onto the casino floor, my husband said it smelled like they wash the carpets with cheap beer. Entire sections of machines were closed off and more than once did I find someone passed out completely. The "dealertainers" were my favorite, now they're all sad and bloated folks that don't even stay in character. That area used to be mobbed and now they can barely hold anyone's attention. Sad. Knock it down already!
3	This place is a blast. After a long wait in the checkin line we offed our luggage in our old ass room and hit the tables. Our group played roulette for hours. What a great atmosphere. Everyone playing, laughing,hugging, and loving Vegas. If you are a snob you might not like this place. If you're a partying gambler you can't go wrong here on a Friday night. Don't show up here thinking you're at the Bellagio cause you will be disappointed. But if you like fun you found the right place.
3	Being renamed the quad, this place will be missed.
1	Stayed here for 1 night, 9/2/12 in a Classic room.How anyone gives this place more than 2 stars beats the hell out me. Needed a last minute place to stay at the end of Labor Day weekend and all I've got to say is: Thank god it was only for one night! Quite possibly the WORST hotel stay EVER.Arrival/Check In: The parking structure is old , dilapidated, and hard to find, since it is not accessible from Las Vegas Blvd. I didn't drive but I remember having to take some back alley to find the place. Check in was difficult to find (the hotel's theme, apparently). After checking in, we spend literally 20 minutes looking for the elevator up to our room. We given different directions and a lot of pointing in the wrong way. We finally found our elevator to tower 3...located by passing through a narrow corridor by one of the bars. No signs, no nothing. This place is a maze.Price: Very affordable. Less than $50 a night on most nights (including weekends). No resort fees. Unfortunately, you get what you pay for...Location: Probably the only reason why this hotel is still in business. Also probably the reason why it wasn't blown sky high by now. Center strip, can't be beat.Hotel: Falling apart and utterly unpleasant. Low ceiling and pathways make you feel squeezed in. Smoky air. Dark hallways. Carpets are filthy. Elevators buttons don't work and operate ridiculously slow. Noisy from machinery. I don't think the hotel has been remodeled since it opened some 40 years ago and it definitely shows. Room: Echoed the rest of the hotel: DIRTY and DARK! The room was tiny. Decor was ancient (Popcorn ceilings and nasty wallpaper!). The lighting was inadequate (just a couple lamps). Beds were springy, old, and uncomfortable. The carpet was so dirty I resorted to wearing sandals around the room. Mid-90's TV. Tiny window with a view of the structure. Old, noisy air conditioner. Outdated, cheaply made bathrooms. Hope you're not a germophobe!Gambling: Did not gamble here.Food: Food was overpriced so we did not eat here (ended up grabbing Earl's instead). I heard Hash House a Go Go would be something good to check out though. Maybe next time.Amenities: No resort fees = no amenities unless you pay for them.Check out: Don't remember, but it was easy (couldn't wait to get out of here).Overall: This place is a dump. No other way  to describe it. The only thing this place has going for it is its location and that's good because you won't want to be spending any time at this hotel. You'll notice that anyone who has anything positive to say about this place will mention its location and that "who spends their time in their room anyways?" Well, I love going out as much as anyone, but I also need a place to get ready and a place to come back to. The cheap price is not worth putting up with the dirtiness of this hotel IMO. It can't even get the simple things right. Spend a few dollars more and stay at a place like Bally's, Harrah's, Flamingo, Excalibur, or Luxor if you want to be on the strip. There are also plenty of off strip alternatives for around the same price. Until this place (now named The Quad) gets an extensive makeover or gets completely gutted, I would suggest to avoid it like a plague. One unpleasant stay and that's more than enough for me. Never again. 1/5.
3	I guess its officially the "quad" now...but I'll review it as the IP since they aren't finished remodeling.  Lets just say I got my room for $30 a night for the weekend, so I'll base my review with this in mind...Good:  Great location. Cheap price. Room service was actually pretty good. Fast checkin but long lines (blame that more on the clientele than the staff though)Bad:  Food court blows. So hard to find. Ugly:  Its midwest tourists run amok in Vegas. When I went to the Aria that weekend walking around I couldn't help but think "people here are MUCH MUCH more attractive than at the Imperial Palace". Overall: I'd stay here if the cost of the room is under $100 a night.
2	I will NOT be staying here again....While I understand that they're under renovation so I'll not say anything negative about the construction ,I will say why do they have to start working at 6 am?! AND that should be disclosed upon booking a room.Pros- *It is in a very good location. It's close to almost everything and the area is safer then other hotels in Vegas.*The price is reasonable for people traveling to Vegas on a budget however, I would have been willing to pay a little more for a cleaner hotel and friendly staff.Cons- *The buffet food is terrible! While other buffets on the strip pride themselves in having quality food, the IP offers prevously frozen food. That's right, NOTHING about their food is freshly made. Even the items for the salad were slim and old. For the price of the food I expect better quality. *Our room was out of date and falling apart. The patio door was extremely hard to open and had a big sticker on it saying don't close behind you as this door may lock you out. That's a little frightening! The main light switch didn't work and our old tiny television had a green screen.*The elevators were scary, thought they might break and we'd be stuck in there so we had to use the stairs everywhere we went in IP. *The maze to the front desk is ridiculous. Why would they put it so far away and so hard to find?*The worst part about our stay was none of this however. We went there expecting to be able to relax and sit in the hot tub but it wasn't open. I went down to the front desk after trying to call them for 15 minutes and was informed that all the hotels on the strip no longer had their pools or hot tubs open. In disbelieve I called around to the other hotels and found out that the front desk lady had lied to me. EVERY hotel but the ones they own still had their hot tubs open. I understand that when the hot tubs are open and when they aren't is not this ladies fault but for her to lie to me, that's what was the most upsetting. And if you aren't sure, don't pretend like you know what you're talking about.As you can see, in our experience there was more cons than pros. We did here other guests say you get what you pay for and hey its cheap, it is what it is! While we understand this, We had never stayed at IP before and so our reasoning for wanting to stay there was not based on price as much as it was because we were curious. Now that we know, we don't ever want to stay there again...
1	for what we paid and that it was right on the strip it was just ok.  but the cleanliness of the room and the service was absolutely horrible.  the room had stains all over the floors and on the curtains.  the elevators were really dirty.  the hotel is going through renovations so i'll give them that credit in hopes that next time the place will be a lil more clean.  what i really hated about the hotel was 2 things. 1, the valet guy farted in our car when he brought it up, and 2, we asked for extra blankets and pillows and they never brought it up.  we even called 4 times and they said it was on the way and it never came.  worse service ever.
1	As for the rooms, I paid for an upgraded (larger) room, but got a small, cramped, classic room. It was nice and quiet with a small balcony and hideous view of concrete.  Not happy. As for checking in, it was a long que but the line moved pretty quick. I was happy that I could leave baggage checked here until check in time. But that is about all that was good. The casino was ghetto. No A/C, it smelled bad, was noisy with "look a likes" lip syncing to crappy songs--and I had no idea who these people were supposed to be :/  The casino crowd also seemed to attract a rowdy, very low roller type of people. Extremely loud and obnoxious. Not one person in Vegas recommends this place that I spoke with and now I understand why.  Oh yeah, the construction is still going on so there is that to. If you need a dirt cheap room that you basically won't use outside of a few hours of sleep and a shower it will do, the rates are incredible on Fridays compared to any other property.
1	I was looking for a good deal for my birthday stay-cation and I knew that we wouldn't really be in the room the whole stay we were going out to eat and also to nightclubs so the room wasn't really going to be that important. But I was so no expecting the room to be a complete dump...**Things I don't like: Parking garage is cramped and has no spots,Check-in took FOREVER! I got there early check-in and still had to wait in line for about 30 mins, The line for the elevators out of control! The room was supposed to be in the new renovated part, apparently I got ripped off and got the old part and the bathroom sink looked like there was algae growing out of it and there was people dirty socks left in the room (needless to say the room wasn't cleaned thoroughly). I was disappointed. If I didn't get a discount rate on the room, I would have defiantly complained and asked for my money back.***Oh and everytime I tried to go to the internet on my IPhone it would block me and try to charge me for using WIFI and I my WIFI was off!! LAME.
4	I have been to Vegas well over 10 times in the last year and a half. Stayed in many nice hotels along the strip. We enjoy staying at the quad (aka IP) for its location & low price rooms...Hotel is what you pay for.. equal to a motel 6. check in is sometimes horrible, like many have said.. the staff gets you through quickly as long as everyone has their confirmations and payment ready, quickly mention if you want to upgrade. they're cheap and I would recommend doing so. Also mention to stay facing Koval lane or flamingo for very quiet rooms. Carnival court is not an issue.. Plumbing & water pressure have never been an issue, rooms are old with no remodel what so ever.. and hard pillows. Do not stay in on floor 2-4, they smell of the casino, if you enjoy cigarette smoke, then maybe it's the room for you. with all that in mind the hotels location ranks this place really high.Casino floor is going through a major upgrade and the new restrooms are a huge upgrade, near check in / fat Tuesday bar.Just keep in mind you pay for what you get and if you're a home body the quad rooms are not for you!
3	Look guys, if you see a room for $30 or less...then you get what you pay for. This hotel isn't the most glamorous or fancy, but it works for a weekend of drinking and regrets. The deluxe room in Tower 5 has a good view of the strip but you mainly see and hear the current renovations during the day. The t.v. is outdated and the walls/rug in the hallway are stained.The buffet for brunch was decent and even had a little sushi bar. TIP: use your coupon book they give you when you check in for a 2-for-1 entrance special.The best part is basically, the hotel is in the heart of the strip and you can't beat the price even with other cheap motels (ex. Travelodge, motel 6).
1	Worst hotel I've ever stayed at, hands down. Not just in Vegas, in general. I realize its a cheap room in Vegas and what do I expect right? Irregardless I would rather pay a little more and save myself from bed bugs. And I'm not sure if you've read any other reviews talking about the rape me parking lot, but those are absolutely true.
3	Not the most clean or polished hotel. But its ok. I just got back from celebrating my bday and i paid $38 for 2 nights. Cant beat that. The outside looks horrible yes its under construction because it is now "the quad"  but i had no noise issues. Good place to nap before going out again. Its also connected to the harras with an over pass from the back side. I found it verry convenient. Any short cuts thru building are a plus since its about 30 degree weather at this time of year. Very cold. The only thing i didnt like is that you pay for wifi.... i never had to do this before not even in mexico! Now if u need internet on a device its $4.99  for 2hrs of service. Or you can go to the lobby and use an internet computer for. 35 cents a minute w a $5 minimum.
1	This is probaly the worst hotel on the strip got to our hotel after a six hour drive had to wait like an hour and a half to get ourmrooms we get into our rooms theres a horrible odor like sex come to find out the room wasnt clean at all there was spit in the ice cup cum on the bed mold on the bathroom floor i wouldnt recommend staying there but gambling there is fun most of the dealers are celebrity impersanators
2	Stayed here again for one night as I got into town early before my stay at a 5 Star Hotel. Anyways, the girl that checked me in had a little bit of attitude, but I'm always nice to everyone, and eventually people get done venting. Stood in line for 57 minutes to check in. Upon checking in, she told me my King room would be noisy unless I wanted two Queens, so I said okay. This room was much better than my previous one, it had a small flat screen TV instead of the old boxy ones. Took a while to find the room , and the Tower 3 elevator is hidden behind the regular elevators.  Room had ashes on top of the TV cabinet and beer bottle caps on the balcony. So really, no actual complaints.  The shampoo they stock smells really good. Played a bit in the Casino, did not really enjoy it  at all. It was hot and noisy, and the computers were down for the Total Rewards. Was annoyed at the Concierge, tipped the guy who took my bag and when I went to get it back the guy took forever to fetch it and then after awkward silence stuck his hand out for a tip. Rude. Checking out was fast as they had a guy taking room keys and just had you fill out a form.  Really, I'd do it all again for the price.  :)
2	Just recently came back from my vacation to Las Vegas. The one thing I didn't really enjoy about Vegas: This Hotel. Paid $60, reserved my rooms, and thought I was getting two rooms with 2 queen size beds in them. Arrived and found that our rooms only had one bed in them! I understand the whole, "You get what you pay for" concept, but that was ridiculous. Other than that1. There were bed bugs2. Some of the lights didn't work 3. No towels were given Luckily, we were touring most of the time so we didn't have to spend much time here.
1	Rooms are very old.  We had the outdoor disco under our room in Tower 5 which caused the room to vibrate with bass until they stopped at 2:30 AM.  Manager was awful and it took over 20 minutes on hold just o talk with anyone.  Very limited self parking.  I do not recommend at all.
1	Dirty room, loud hallways, rude staff, poor customer service. The list goes on and on but it's not worth spending the time to type. DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL. YOU'VE BEEN WARNED.
3	We stayed one night a couple days before new years!- It's true. Ancient and dirty gummed-filled rooms. We stayed in tower 3, which is quiet. Tower 5 is the worst. Way loud. - Horrible cramped parking. Construction everywhere. Difficult to find anything. Confusing. - Honestly, don't book you're honeymoon or birthday celebration, and expect royalty. This hotel is for tourists on a budget that want to stay on the strip. It's ~20 a night! Really? That's a steal!- Shampoo will ruin hair. haha. BYO shampoo- This is for those who just need a room to sleep and want to spend most of their time out and about on the strip.
4	I got a 5  night deal for $100 that included 2 free buffets and a $20 resort credit so it is easy for me to overlook any shortcomings this place had. The only reason I am not giving this place 5 stars because as other have mentioned check-in does take  loooooonnnnngggggg time and for some reason an alarm test occurred @ 4am one night. It is what it is, a cheap place to stay in the center of the strip. The rooms are cleaned everyday, they have a couple of dining options and their casino has low limits and dealertainers. If you go to the buffet I recommend the desserts but nothing else (this in fact goes for pretty much all the buffets in Vegas). There is a decent Asian restaurant  that is open 24 hrs and a burger place that was surprisingly cheap and had good burgers. as for gaming; their poker room was pretty much empty except for one afternoon where they were playing 2-4 limit, but their sports book while a little cramped offers decent odds and convenient wagering.Recommendation for this place: sleep here, eat here sometimes and play/shop elsewhere.
1	I stayed at the Imperial Palace/The Quad on 12/26/12. It took me over 2 hours to check in. I have NEVER stood in line that long to check into any hotel, let alone in Vegas. I walked in about 4pm to check in and noticed the line was back near the elevator for Hash House, and figured if I came back later it would be better. I came back around 11pm and it was about 20 feet beyond that. Given that it was so late I figured I had no choice, but to wait. I waited. I waited 2.5 hours. When I got to the check in there were no apologies. I was astonished that there weren't even waitresses offering us drinks or something for standing in line for so long to at least make the situation a little bit better. - that is a sign of poor customer service. The 2 managers on duty, the one standing on the casino floor, and the one behind the desk, Kevin, refused to offer comps/upgrades of any kind. Unacceptable. I will never stay at this hotel again.
1	I am a Total Rewards member and got an attractive looking email promoting the new and improved Quad.  Well, the Imperial Palace(IP) was neither new, nor improved.  Just getting to the parking garage was a mess.  But I figured they hadn't renovated that area yet.  Then we rode the elevator to hotel, and were disgusted by the carpet in the elevator.  We thought, "They couldn't afford to lay new carpet in the renovation?"  Then as we continued in to the registration area we realized there was no renovation done to the casino.  But we remained optimistic during our two hour wait in the registration line that at least the room was remodeled.  Alas, we were wrong again.  We stayed in a deluxe room and the front desk clerk said we were in an updated room that had been remodeled 4 or 5 years ago, NOT the classic room that has NEVER been remodeled.  Really Cesars?  NEVER?  Anyway, we got to our room and it was on the same level as say an Econolodge or Super 8 motel.  Clean, but plain and cheap.  If you don't really care where you stay, and don't care about service, this place would do.  Would I ever recommend it?  Heck no.  And the Quad? I have no idea how the name could be changed when the whole place is just a thirty year old mess.
3	This property is now going through their re-branding process so that it can become "the Quad" with all the announced plans and artist renderings I'm actually pretty excited to see how it comes out; that being said, this is probably the worst hotel I've ever stayed in.Being a recent graduate of B.S. graduate of Hospitality from San Jose State University, I am extremely critical of the operations of a hotel casino and the overall guest experience.  While being a Total Rewards Member I was able to receive my 1 room comp'd for 3 days  4nights while the other was at reduced prices for the duration of our family trip.  From the lack of in-room menu, lack of cleanliness of public common areas, and hell even my room's plumbing there were problems all over the place.  But I am mindful that this place is under renovation, so I'm hoping all these problems will be fixed with the completion of that process. The Ginseng3 restaurant as well as Hash House A Go Go are great draws to this property as well as the gaming with very entertaining and helpful staff.  Why over the duration of the weekend I was able to upgrade my gold card to platinum status on property so that was pretty awesome.Overall this place is going through some growing pains, and really you're in Vegas on the strip at discounted prices.  Manage your expectations and enjoy your accommodations because you already know what you're getting yourself into.*Side note if you have any problems with your experience MAKE SURE TO VOICE THEM to a general manager of any sort then a few days after your stay to fill out the survey they send you!  After I told them of the problem with the plumbing in my room in the survey, I received 3 emails with personalized apologies for their short falls and even 1 phone call where the manager again apologized and comp'd an extra night saving us even more money.  I know the conditions were rough, but I'll definitely give this place another shot, only after the renovation though.
4	They really need to change their name to The Quad on Yelp!Anyway, time for the review: The entrance would have been hard to find had we not taken a taxi in. However, once we entered the front desk was easy to find and despite the world's longest check-in line it moved pretty fast. The elevator to our room in Tower 1 was easy to find as well, and other than one time they ran at normal speeds. Upon arrival into the room we found there was no remote control for the TV or ice bucket in the room, and the view was ugly. Also, the carpet had seen better days and the sink in the bathroom needs refinishing. The door also doesn't shut sometimes so be careful. No bed bugs, no holes in the sheets, no blood, in fact nothing scary at all. Overall the room was just a basic room, and for $30 a night my friend and I had no complaints. You are not going to find anything better for anything close to this price in such a prime location. We didn't spend much time in the room, so we took the money we saved and used it to have fun. Would I stay here again? YES.
3	This is the place you stay at when you're on a tight budget or want to use your money to gamble (or perhaps to see a Cirque du Soleil show). It's not great, but it's not bad either. It's just, how do I say this, eh? Super long check ins, and an unwillingness to check in early (wanted to charge me more than double what they had said on the phone). Room was clean enough. This hotel brings a huge mix of visitors, so you'll get some really nice people... or creepers. After booking our last night at the Palazzo, this place is a big no-no for Mama dear.  If you're on a budget, come here. But if not, run for the hills and stay anywhere else!
1	Positives:-Location. Across from Caesar's and Mirage, near Las Vegas Blvd + Flamingo intersection.-Price. Cheaper than neighboring properties.Negatives:-Book non-smoking room and get smoking room ("first come first served")-Loud subwoofer outside hotel room-Balcony sliding door that doesn't close entirely, accentuating the loud subwoofer-AC/heating unit that sounds like a diesel engine that's aggressively competing with the loud subwoofer for noise supremacy-Long check-in line. About 40-60 minutes. They know how many guests will be checking in every day - almost all of them have reservations. Yet they don't match the workforce to the workload. Amateurish.Before, the positives outweighed the negatives. Maybe because I'm getting older and grumpier, the negatives are outweighing the positives by a large margin.
1	No way will we stay here again!  I have no positive things to say about this place at all!!!  It was so bad that even my wife was allergic to their bed sheets!!!  Stay here at your own risk!!
1	Haven't any checked in and already having issues.  Booked thru website, be careful it's a third party. Tried calling hotel a week later to confirm reservations, and hotel didn't know who I booked thru.  I said it was your website 'the Quad", Las Vegas, Resort and Casino.  I'm trying to add my friend who is sharing the room but coming in on a different flight and arriving ahead of me.  What a waste of time!  First called the 800 number, they wanted her credit card even tho all is paid and mine is on file. then called the hotel 'Imperial Palace'  The quad is the remodeled Imperial Palace?Got a receptionist who transferred me to the customer service who transferred me to the front desk and after being on hold for five minutes    the call was dropped from their end.  Call back went thru all the same people and now am on hold, again, for 7 minutes +aghhhhh!  all I want to do is add my friend on my already paid in advance room!  so she can refresh and start gambling.Won't be staying here again, unless they can really make it up to me.  8 mins on hold now.AndreaOregon
2	Obviously its not the best place to stay when you're in Vegas, but you know what, the service staff is nice, and the location is great! Smack dab in the middle of the strip.. If you don't want to spend a lot of $$ on a hotel room this is the place for you!
3	I love staying here. It's perfect for my budget and it's in the center of everything. My stay these past couple of days, however weren't great. We were on tower 5. The manager notified us of the loud music from downstairs that would be playing until 2 am. That was fine. But then construction started at 6 am. We weren't notified of that. If we knew about that, we would've agreed to stay elsewhere in the hotel. It sucks to say we had two sleepless nights not because of having a good time in LV, but because of all the noise. TIP: ask the front desk to get a room away from the construction area!
1	Meh, Imperial Dump sucks. Everything was an issue. Will not return.  Maintenance had to fix the door and snake the bath tub because it was all clogged up. Room was not cleaned every night, and bed sheets were never changed during stay. Front Desk ignored instructions and was clueless as to how the room numbering works. Most of the workers here I found to be surly.  The elevator is super slow and a little scary. Whole place is dirty, dated, falling apart, and under construction.
1	Hated it.Yes, it was cheap. Yes, it's centrally located. Yes, it's disgusting.A couple of friends and I went for a turn around trip to Vegas for the night. We knew we weren't going to spend that much time in the room because we were there to eat and play some tables. Who knew that we weren't going to spend that much time in the room because we didn't want to be in it? Granted, yes- it was off season and we only spent $15 for the room- but I wish I would have spent $15 more to stay at one of the nicer hotels. We were being cheap, and we paid for it.I knew it was an older hotel, but come on... a little updating (and cleaning) wouldn't hurt, would it? Being on the main strip next to all of these other nicer hotels, you would think they would try to up their amenities a little. At least run a steam cleaner over the effing carpets.It took forever to find the check-in from the garage. There was a place that looked like a front desk, but wasn't really a front desk? A maintenance person had to tell us where to go. Check-in was fun, too. The lady pulled out a map that looked like something from an Indiana Jones adventure and proceeded to draw our route to the room. We were really confused when we had to exit the hotel to get to our room. WTF. There was a separate section that resembled a Motel 6 from the 70's. That's where our room was.Upon opening the door, we were greeted by more dilapidated furniture, stale air and heavily stained carpet. Either someone had a crazy orgy in here before us- or there was a homicide. Needless to say- I waited until I got home to shower and I refused to take off my shoes.Yes, it's cheap. But spring a little more for a nicer room regardless if you're just there to party. I'd hate to wake up face down on that carpet.
1	I'm glad I'm not the only one that thinks this place is a dump! I will never ever come back! After the long drive from L.A I just wanted to check in and relax in my room, yeah right! First of all, when I booked onine they didn't inform me that they were changing names and under construction so as I was driving down LV Blvd I coudn't locate it! The front end of the casino was completely blocked off & there were and no signs to help direct entrance/parking. I parked off the strip & called them; they directed me to Harris parking structure etc... eventually I found my way.. the saga continues.Check-in took over 45minutes. They had 3 (slow) people working the front desk and the check-in  line reached to the parking structure. Went to my room & when I opened the door a damp, old smell hit me. I did not want to be in that room at all hahah! The paint/wall paper from the restroom was chipped and falling off and the sink needed to be reglazed. Guess what I found on the shower, yes a pueb!!!! On top of that there was hair on the floor. Luckily I had Lysol wipes and disinfected the room which made me feel a little better. Note: no ice bucket, I called housekeeping for one and it took them 30 damn minutes to bring one up! I did not use their sheets as I had my own. The balcony was okay but it was full of dried, old bird crap so when I stepped out on it, it crunched and it dragged into the room. p.s. The lobby on our floor (where the elevators are) looked like something out of a 70's horror movie. The wall paper was literally torn and held up by duck tape!! I wish I would of taken a picture of this. Never again!You've been warned.
2	Let me assure you that there is nothing imperial or anything 'palace-like' regarding this run down hell hole. From the smoke-ridden and dingy casino floor to the outdated and small rooms, the place pretty much lives up to the adage that you get what you pay for. Interestingly enough though, there is a reason to visit the IP. Their car collection is impressive, and the awesome Hash House a Go Go is on the second floor. So my suggestion is run, not walk past the locals in the casino and enjoy a great meal or a decent museum. You'll also find a very interesting parking area under the casino, with spots marked with a 'flood zone' warning. Yes, it is true that when Vegas get a large amount of rain in a short period of time (thunderstorms), all of the flood waters flow down the hill from the west underneath the Imperial Palace. Sort of disconcerting, don't you think? The IP is now called the Quad, and, well, things aren't much better.
4	Lots of good memories at this hotel. Great rates and decent rooms. It's been getting remodeled the past year and the half and is now called "The Quad." Was there 3 days ago for a show and is now looking like a high class hotel
3	This place is very centrally located and I stayed here Thanksgiving week 2011. It is now called the Quad.  So this is based on my experience before the renovations.I was comped for 2 nights and paid 20 a night for the next 2.  I was in the main tower, so I did not experience the horrors of the annex motel rooms.It is like a motel 6, but in a casino. The room was fairly large and bathroom was basic but clean and I had no issues with smell, carperting or bad plumbing. I must have been one of the lucky ones.Basically it is cheap, safe and centrally located. Luxury it is not, so manage expectations.
3	I have stayed at the IP (now known as the Quad) three times. Each time it has gotten progressively worse. I waited about 45 minutes in the check out line this time, but the person at the counter was very nice and helpful with my questions. Yes, it is dirty. But it is $30 cheaper for a place in the same location. Yes, it smells like cigarettes. Real bare bones stuff, which will probably go bye bye once the renovations are over and ths hipsters become drawn like moths to the flame. "The Quad" just sounds hipsterish. In any event, get there before the insides with the cheesy "Oriental" furnishings go. I wanted to steal one of the dragons from the casino floor but could not fit it into my bag or lift it into my car. Speaking of a car: if you have a car, drive PAST the strip to Flamingo, then take a left onto Koval. On Koval, make a left at the stoplight where the monorail crosses Koval. Don't pull in off the strip looking for parking. You will become lost and wind up at Harrah's. Why are you driving on the strip anyway? We all know the best way to watch the drunks is to be down among 'em.I never expect much out of a hotel room in Vegas, because I never spend much time in my hotel room in Vegas. It will be a shame to see good prices from the IP evaporate, not simply for the impact on the pocketbook but also the impact on the character of the strip itself. In this land of false everything, there is something that is delightfully real about a hotel that is dumpy with out of date furnishings smack dab in the middle of the largest row of hotels on earth. For a place to sleep, stay here. For the whole "resort" experience, stay somewhere else. Vegas is for gambling, drinking and doing foolishly absurd things while attempting to maintain some dignity. This is the closest and least expensive place to do that within walking distance of anywhere you would want to drink, gamble or do foolishly absurd things.
1	Dirty, smelly, covered in vomit, cigarettes and hair. That was our non smoking rooms. Apparently the horrific-ness is all due to the renovations, which according to one our friend's has been going on 8 years!?!Worst of all didn't happen to us, but two young girls we encountered in the reception at 4am. Their rooms had been given away post checking in and upon arriving back from the strip (to sleep) found they had no room or belongings, just a police report.  The Hotel couldn't even muster up another room for them. This place isn't just disgusting, it's dangerously unsafe. FYI  -when it comes to hotel rooms I just expect clean and safe. Unless I pay an arm and a leg, then I expect more.
1	Place is ghetto. Dirty,smells and unsafe.parking garage is horrible lacks and missing signs to direct cars, an accident waiting to happen. Avoid like the plague.
1	the absolute worse place to stay at!! very dirty!!! customer service sucks!! was awaken 3 times by false alarms!!! do not come here!!!
2	It hasn't moved, it no longer exists!  It has been re-branded the Quad
1	I regret staying there. It was super loud in my room on the 17th floor until 1 - 2 am when the carnival bar (an open air nightclub) closed. It was easily 80 decibels in my room.  Yuck yuck yuck.
2	Came up to Vegas on a spur of the moment trip with my boyfriend. We stayed here because it was the cheapest spot on the stripYou get what you pay for!!!! The tub didn't drain so your feet get a bath while you shower. The sink also took forever to drain. The a/c was very loud but it does it's job. Overall the place is dingy but it's a place to crash. Don't expect luxury, just a bed and a shower.
1	You get what you pay for. It was good for a spur of the moment trip and a place to sleep but it didn't give me the true Vegas experience. I was in college so I wish I had more money to spend on a nice hotel and good food. But again it was good for a place to sleep and that's it. Elevators oh my god so slow!
3	It's not the greatest place to stay in LV, but that's my fault for not booking a hotel before we came. :( i was thinking there's hotels all over the place we could show up and just get a room and that's not how it works. Lol it was Friday and edc weekend we were lucky to find this place, at least it was on the strip right? Well our room was located so far from the reception desk and they had construction going on! We had to go through pans labyrinth to find our room, and caring luggage around the casino floor and up stairs (the tiny elevators are always full) the stairs are def better. And our room well it had a bed and no bugs. Our view? The parking lot! Lol the good thing about this is we could get out through the window walking on the roof of some office they had and get to the outside way faster! So there's a plus side, right! Since it was my fault i was looking for every good thing to point out to my bf about it. and well it's okay, at least the staff is nice!
1	The Quad replaced the IP.  You can read my review of the Quad there.  When this was the IP, it sucked for every conceivable reason.  Pulling into this place by car was impossible because you had to compete with a busy drunk pedestrian crowd.  The casino was old and dingy.  Even the downtown casinos were better than this.  The restaurants were filthy.  The rooms were disgusting.  Good to see it was replaced.
1	This only gets a one star because at least it has a/c.  This is grosser than a motel 8 on the side of an abandoned town. The place is filthy, grimey and definitely not worth any amount of money paid. There were torn condom wrappers, whole acrylic nails, cig butts, beer cans and random bodily fluids throughout the elevators and well....everywhere else in the hotel/casino.
1	this place is run down, and not worth it, never will stay here again
1	Please just stay away from this place.
1	This place sucks donkey balls! Do not come here ever! You can not use any delivery service, they will not deliver because off strip.
2	I think staying at the Imperial Palace hotel was my first on the Las Vegas Blvd. Strip hotel experience.The place was in dire need of renovations.The rooms were ok, not really sparkling clean.  And the decor was 30 years out of date.Pluses:  Likely the cheapest stay you can do while still staying ON STRIP in Las Vegas.The ventilation in the casino is sub-par. Very smokey.
