5	This little unpretentious taco shop is worth the drive. Trust me. Lulu's set's herself apart from other similar restaurants with a tasty salsa bar, perfect homemade tortillas, and the Guadalajara-style, as opposed to the Sonoroa-style, Mexican food most places in the Phoenix area serve. You might want to try to avoid lunch hour as there is often a line out the door!
5	We love this place! I've been going here for years. Lulu and her husband Israel and lovely people. The food is delicious, try the shrimp anything. The salsa to go will sour you on anything bought in a jar for life.
3	Okay, here we go.  My first under achiever review.  I hate to do it, but I must be honest.Overall, the food wasn't EXACTLY bad, but it was very small.  For the price, I would have expected more on my plate.  It is priced just a tad more than the Rubios and Baja Freshes that it compares to.The environment is a little bit cramped and (when i was there) the salsa bar was a mess.  Like I said, the food wasn't bad, but it definately wasn't outstanding.  With the prices and competition with the chains mentioned above, you would expect a LOT more.I have visited this taco shop one time 2+ years ago and have never gone back (That says a lot).  Do yourself a favor and hit Rubios if you are in the mood for this type of food.  You'll save some coin and get tastier food (and more of it).
4	This was good mexican food.  I enjoyed the salsa bar (mostly the hot carrots!!)  It is nice to be able to have a beer also at a counter service restaurant.I ordered the chili relleno plate.  It was good but I think I will try something different next time.  The tortillas were really good and I think I would go there again just to get tortillas to go.  Yum!Oh and I am a fan of aqua fresca and they had a delicious cantaloupe one.  mmmmmmm
5	FINALLY, Mexican food to rave about!Those that read my reviews know I don't get too excited about Mexican food.  I feel most places do it the same, just "ok".  I never eat Mexican food and think, "omg this is good".... that, is, until now.  LuLu's totally does it for me.It's a little, unsuspecting taco shop that has daily specials, Mexican drinks/deserts/specialties.  Their prices are not cheap, but not expensive either.  Tacos are $1.50, Red Chili plates are $8.99.They make everything from scratch, and you can tell by the quality.  Their salsa bar is incredible and they do breakfast.For those of you who do not eat wheat / gluten, they are knowledgeable about their ingredients and can make dishes such as Red/Green Chili plates without flour, just ask!  Awesome!
3	The plates are all very tasty but my god, the servings are SO SMALL! The first time I ordered two soft tacos with rice and beans. It was about $9. I finished my meal in about 3 minutes and was still hungry so I ordered two more tacos, finished them in about 2 minutes, and was still just barely full. So I concluded that I spent about $13 to eat Mexican food at a walk-up restaurant. The sides of rice and beans were about 4 spoonfulls total.The second time I ordered a more substantial plate but still did not leave feeling full, or feeling like I got my money's worth. The food is good- definitely 4 stars but the price compared to the portion size and tastiness is definitely 2 stars.I've never seen a walk-up Mexican restaurant cost so much money. I'd expect to pay that at a sit-down place and have leftovers.
4	I agree with some of the other reviewers. The food is great, but seems a bit over priced. Combo plates range between 7-10 bucks! For a corner "dive" with no waiter service, that seems a bit much. The burros are delish! Something about the quality of the large tortillas they use. For starters, they're authentic. Not big, white, overly floury ones like you buy in the grocery. Folks must love 'em b/c they sell them in a package! The salsa bar is stocked w/ 3 different house made salsas, pico de gallo, and jalapenos w/ marinated carrots and onions. Not all salsas are made alike! I love theirs! Enjoy!
4	Lulu's isn't cheap.Now that I got that out of the way let me say that I love Lulu's chicken Enchiladas.LOVE.No, the tortillas are not homemade.No, there isn't anything else on the menu that is exceptional.Lulu's chicken enchiladas are graced by an amazingly delicious marinade and sauce unparalleled by other local eateries. Ask them to leave the onions off! I think it is a yellow mole. Not sure... plenty of canella, possibly some pumpkin in the sauce and sweet spicy goodness.My Lulu's chicken enchiladas addiction cost me some money over the years. Que rico!Lulu's would get five stars from me if not for the slightly high prices.
2	Food was decent, not too sure how this place is getting such rave reviews though...Probably the most expensive Mexican place of it's style. $25 for a burro, two tostadas, and two mini-tacos. Seriously?! Also, no free refills or chips/salsa.Are we going back? No.
4	First time I ate here, it was 5 stars.  Second time it was 3 stars since the carne asade in my tacos was overcooked .  So I am giving it 4 stars overall.  The rice and beans are excellent and for the money, this place is tough to beat for some quick tacos in a sit in setting.
4	About as authentic as it gets. Great chicken tacos and that small hole in the wall feeling a lot of us like when looking for "tru" mexican food. I've been back several times. Never a fishy taste with their fish tacos, and service at the window is pretty quick if you're in a hurry.
4	So after reading the reviews for Lulu's, and with the fact that it's literally right down the street from me, I decided to head over and take this place for a test drive since I had the day off.  Pretty unassuming from the outside, I walked in and noticed the salsa bar to the side of the counter. Good start, this meant I was definitely gonna have to order the chips and salsa. I talked to the woman behind the counter for a few to get an idea of what to expect with certain dishes, and I settled on three regular tacos so I could try a couple different kinds of meat. I ordered one chicken, one steak, and one shredded beef. Now, when I got them home I was a little bummed that they were on the small side, but each one was delicious in it's own way. The steak was perfect, much better than what you find at most places. The shredded beef had an amazing flavor, despite dripping a combination of spice and grease, and the chicken was fajita style chunks of pure white meat. Delicious! My only complaint was the salsa...I tried all three, but none of them were particularly stellar. The best of the three was the one labeled "Salsa for chips", but it was nothing to write home about. All of them were kind of just bland and average at best. Despite the minor salsa bummer, I will DEFINITELY be back here...now I know to rock the super tacos (a bit more expensive, but surely bigger), and load up on those and bypass the chips and salsa. Maybe give the rice a try for round two...either way, check out Lulu's, good food here!
4	The  special carne asada tacos are delicious! Definitely the best I've had...the grilled onions and cheese melt in your mouth!It is a bit pricey for a place that is a "hole in the wall" - not at all a sight to look at--- but at least the food is good...
3	** No free chips and salsa***I ordered the Meat Enchilada Plate with chicken and it was very tasty.  However, I didn't really see any chicken.  If there was any in there, it was skimpy.  I paid $8.30 which I thought was a little too expensive.  I think I'd pay more like $6.75 for what I got.This is a good place to go for a healthy lunch (compared to Carl's Jr.), but not dinner because the serving size was a little smaller than I'm used to.  There was only about 3 tablespoons of rice.  Sour cream is an extra .50.I'm wimpy when it comes to spicy food and this food was just right, not too spicy.There are no child's menu items, but they have for example a bean tostada for 2.55.Over all, I'd eat there again if someone else was buying!
4	Living near this place a long time ago and driving by I never stopped in.  After seeing more than positive reviews on Yelp here I decided to give it a try.Here's one thing that bothers me about non-chain places: Train your staff to have a favorite!  Whenever I go to a place I've never been I always ask 'what do you recommend?' -- the default of 'everything is good' is NOT an answer people!!!  Be confident in what your best dish is and I'm ordering it unquestioned.  There HAS to be something that defines your restaurant...if there isn't, then you are just like a chain.Given that (I didn't get a recommendation), I went with my trusty judge of Chorizo (burrito with egg and refried beans).  It was plenty portion and just came as the burrito.  It was good.  Not great, but good. No free chips like others have said.  This didn't really bother me as I'm trying to eat better and knew I'd be stuffing my face with a giant tortilla, pork fat and beans likely cooked in lard (which is a good thing, btw).The salsa was ok.  Definitely could improve here in my opinon.  I think El Ricos in Queen Creek has better salsa.I  am agreeing with others on the price.  My *lunch* burrito was $8.99.  That's steep for a lunch single item.  Compared to Burrito Shack at nearly half that (and bigger burrito).  I don't think the taste -- which was good -- justified the cost.  My guess is that overhead is high in the complex.I'd love it if there prices were lower -- if even for lunch specials.Place was clean, ample seating and staff was friendly.  I will return and try other things (and bring friends).They are also on Twitter: http://twitter.com/lulustacoshop which scores an extra point in my book...hopefully they will push out lunch discount deals via Twitter and that will bring me back sooner.Good mexican, wish the price was just a bit lower.  Honestly I was going to rate 3 stars just now but really wanted 3.5.  I'm giving Lulus the benefit here and going with 4.  The food is good, prices could be better, but overall a good Mexican food experience and I will return...hopefully with a discount I got via Twitter (hint, hint).
2	Drove by a hundred times and saw the reviews here on Yelp and figured I'd give it a try.  Best I can compare it to would be a poor imitation of a Filaberto's.  Neither of us finished our food & not because we were served huge portions.  I won't be back but I guess I'm in the minority here.
4	I've been going to Lulu's since I was probably 5 years old, my dad used to take me when all I cared about were bean burritos. 18 years later I can still say Lulu's is one of the best Mexican food places I've ever been.I agree with a lot of what has already been said: chips and salsa are not free which is a total bust, some of the stuff is WAY overpriced, and... can we talk about the price of refills?? $0.79 no matter what size soda you bought? I definitely got screwed on that one by buying a small soda thinking I would get free refills...It IS a hole in the wall. It's a great summer lunch place or an early dinner after a long day at the pool. Everything I've had: carne asada, bean burro, the salsa, they are all good. Just pricey. How did I pay $9 for a drink, a bean burrito, a street taco and some chips?? I will never know. Yelp is wrong, I feel like $10 and under should not be considered cheap per person, but that's what I have to put since all the entrees are about $10. But it was really, really good. I would rather pay like $7.50 but I don't eat there every day and I understand there must be some underlying cost we aren't aware of.Oh, and they have CRUSHED ICE!! (The good kind like at Sonic) So I'm sold.Thanks Lulu!
2	Went there for lunch today with my wife since we saw a good review in the paper.  We were kind of disappointed.  I had the menudo--while a big bowl, it was not very flavorful.  And we also ordered three of the standard (small) tacos - fish, canitas, and carne asada.  Fish was very skimpy and not good.  The carnitas and carne asada tacos were also poor -- meat chopped into itsy-bitsy pieces and overcooked.  It was like eating bits of dried and flavorless cardboard.  We prefer the meals at the place on the Southern and Mesa Drive -- a Mexican bakery that also has good food.
4	What an awesome dive - they focus on the food and do it well at LuLu's.The food was incredibly fresh and flavorful. I had 3 chicken tacos, guacamole and lemonade. The pico was perfect, very fresh with just a little heat. My tacos were well seasoned, and overall the meal was incredibly satisfying.I really love this place and plan to add it to our rotation for good local places to eat and or get take out.
4	I live right around the corner from LU LU's and it is fantastic. It is a little hole in the wall with a mish mash of restaurant tables and booths. It is not the most aesthetically pleasing place but that's not what gets me to come back to a place. Salsa bar is good. Three kinds, very fresh, carrots and jalapenos are all free. Yes chips cost money. The food is fantastic. They serve authentic Guadalajara style street tacos. Yup they are small and like a buck fifty each. They are wonderful. Very very tasty. The chicken, carnitas, and machaca are all fantastic. They have delicious burritos in delectable tortillas. The chicken, machaca, carne asada are all wonderful. The lengua is the BEST! Tacos and burritos! If you are looking for a delicious place to eat good Mexican food on a day where you wandered out in shorts and flip flops.......go here. It is definitely worth a try.
1	This place is definately a dive! Its small, run down, dated, and unclean. Ive been twice now, and both times were not by choice. Both times, my water glass had nasty stuff on the outside and inside. Very disgusting. Their tacos are puny, expensive and flavorless. Their guacamole just tasted weird almost like there was too much lime juice in it. Oh and those pictures that are posted on here are not accurate examples of what you get from LuLu's. Everything is tiny and doesnt have much color. This place does not impress me whatsoever and I about cry each time someone suggest that we go   :(
4	We always go non chain and love this local joint. The fish tacos, Shrimp quesadillas and burros are our favorites.  Lulu's caters also. It isn 't cheap but it is really good.
4	Very casual family owned restaurant. Friendly staff and good food. Nothing here had ever knocked my socks off but the food is consistently good.  The shrimp platters are my favorite. For about $10 you get a scrumptious plate of food. I particularly like the baked shrimp dish with melted cheeses and green sauce. Delicious!
4	I'm pretty sure these beans are refried in lard--this makes my tummy happy, but not my waist. Good food, super friendly staff, and all day breakfast. Kind of dive-y and more of a lunch place. I wish the chips and salsa were free, but just a minor quibble.
3	Overpriced, and dull. This clip-joint nickle-and-dimes you to death.  The food is of decent quality, but UHM HAY, WHERE THE FLAVA AT? The only stand-out meat I encountered at Lulu's was the Al Pastor, which was tasty, and sweet, but not nearly as spicy as I felt it could, or should be.  If it weren't for the decent Al Pastor, Lulu's would have received a 2 star review. The beans and rice were also bland and flavorless. Food was prepared well, but it's pretty hard to mess up tacos, especially if you're charging about 40% more than more exciting competitors. zzzzzz.
2	After reading some of the reviews for this place on Yelp I thought I would be in for a decent taco shop.  Unfortunately Lulu's did not stand up to the hype.  I had the fish tacos on the recommendation of the cashier - not great - I much prefer the fish tacos at Rumbi.  My husband had the beef tacos and the same thing -  very little flavor to the tacos - the one thing I did enjoy was the spicy chicken on my daughters quesadila.  If we go back I would only have/recommend the spicy chicken.
2	The hubbs and I went in one night while the kids were away. We live close by but hadn't tried it before so we thought we'd give it a shot.  I was surprised when we went inside, I thought it would be more....well, just more.  Oh well, some of the best places to eat are dives, right?  We ordered our food (pricier than you'd expect for what it is) and sat down to wait. When our food came we settled down to eat only to be told that we had to eat elsewhere, that the dining room closes at 8. When we got there we thought we had plenty of time because the door says they're open till 9.  A little put off, we packed up and headed to our car. The door was closed and locked after us and all the lights were turned out. Guess they were closing early that night (8:30).Things didn't improve from there. We dug into our food as soon as we got home only to find that it wasn't very good. I had ordered a carne asada torta, which I had been craving, and the meat was dry and salty and the guacamole was only spread on the bread in a super thin layer like you would mayo. My hubby got tacos and by the second one I could see he had lost interest. According to them they were bland. Overall, not a great experience. Next time I'll head to Rienda's. They've never let us down.
4	Great great great tacos!I go to a restaurant for the food first.  As long as it is clean, and Lulu's is, then sitting in, what looks like a used McDonalds booth, doesn't bother me a bit.  Afterall, it's a taco shop!I like the fish tacos (the small ones) and I usually order 3 of them.  I like how they are made and it reminds me of what you can normally find in Mexico, not at these chain restaurants.The Ceviche tostada is really good too, but is difficult to eat, so don't wear your sunday best.Not in the mood for fish, then try the carne asada tacos or any other kind for that matter.Lulu's is a great place and a break from the Americanized Mexican Food, we see everyday.Enjoy it for what it is!
5	Lulu's is AMAZING. The guacamole & chips are a MUST TRY! I also higly recommend a good ole' fashioned bean burrito, the tortilla is super soft * the beans are very authentic.
3	The food was decent but a little pricey. We had the az burrito (a little spicy but lots of flavor), carne asada taco (pretty standard), and a fish taco (the texture wasnt what we expected....we prefer the fish tacos you get in rocky point so that might be why). Loved the chips and salsa but wish they were complimentary:) I have a hard time with places that charge for drink refills, so that's a thumbs down. Overall we might go back but this will not be a regular lunch stop for us.
2	I ate here a few days ago for lunch, I got a carne asada taco and a chili reillno. The meat in the taco was dry and had little flavor but the chili reillno was amazing! It had tons of flavor, I was really impressed with it.
4	Delicious even after just having a steak sandwich from across the parking lot....
4	my go to spot for Polzole. Very flavorful and layered with spices. Salsa bar is great and so is the escabeche. Lame this is they charge for chips and soda refills. For this they get knocked down to 3 stars.
2	Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy. Where do I start...First off I'll say that I'm pretty fair when it comes to eating out. I've lived around the globe and have eaten things that would make most people... well, you know.But sometimes there are places that have strikes against them right from the get go. Such was the case with Lulu's Taco Shop.The restaurant was well kept with the usual Mexican decor strewn about the walls.  Mariachi music filling the room. Tables, chairs yada, yada, yada. Nice place for a taco shop.Now the strikes -Strike One:  As another poster noted, 75 cent charge on all cards. ALL CARDS? Not a huge deal but a ding none-the-less. Fortunately I had some cash on me (which is unusual). Yes, I know the burden of paying that fee falls on the restaurant but that is made up in the cost of goods rendered is it not?Strike Two: My wife and I ordered the taco plates (two tacos, rice & beans). When asked if we would like chips and salsa with that I replied "sure!" To which the young lady behind the cash register said "That'll be $4.00" O.o??? Four bucks? For chips? They weren't even freshly made chips! Needless to say, after all was said and done, I got out of there $24.00 short of cash. For that I could have eaten at Arriba's and been served my food and have all you can eat chips, salsa and bean dip. At Lulu's you pay a high price and are still expected to get up and get your meal when they yell out your order. Just rubbed me the wrong way.Not happy so far....Strike Three: Location. If it wasn't for the fact that one of the best restaurants in Gilbert is literally 50 feet to the south, it may not have been so bad but as I sat eating my (ahem) $4.00 little basket of store bought chips, I kept looking over at Flancer's wishing for a Chili Verde Birdie Turkey sandwich. That was almost unbearable.One other little thing that I noticed was their beef is obviously grass-fed and not corn-fed. You get the distinct smell of hay or a stable as you chew your meat. Maybe it was just me but it was definitely there.All in all, Lulu's is just okay. Not terrible food-wise but for what you pay, service could have been way better. Will I go back? Probably not. You'll find me 50 feet to the south.... ;-)Cheers!Shawn
1	Wow, for a walk up Mexican place, this place is disgustingly overpriced.. I got a two shrimp taco combo meal, and it ran me 8 bucks and change.. They have a chip and salsa bar THAT THEY CHARGE YOU FOR.. They also charge for refills.. This place really nickle and dimes you.. The food was the tiniest portions ever too.. My shrimp tacos, albeit tasty, were in the really really tiny tortillas, I finished my whole meal in less than 5 minutes.. If you want a similarly good restaurant, go to Sorranos, prices are about the same and it's a sit down place, they also give you unlimited chips, salsa and bean dip
4	I am a fan. This small taco shop that is family owned is just the right kind of place to go for lunch for some fast very good Mexican food. Don't go in thinking that its going to be a sit down place that will serve you. This is more like a indoor food truck. the food is fresh all the ingredients were fresh as well. No you don't get chips and salsa as you would expect from a food truck kind of place. The burritos are very tasty and large. If their burritos don't fill you up then you need to go to a buffet and just pig out. I will go back for sure and order the tacos (they street tacos so yes they are the small ones) they are soooooo good. And no they do not charge you to use the salsa bar, that is not true. i recommend that you try, you will like it.
4	A recipient of many awards and much praise, I'm not quite sure what took me so long to visit Lulu's. It's quaint and cute. There was Spanish music on the radio and a silent Syracuse- Notre Dame college hoops game on the flat screen in the corner. It was a nice setting for dinner.We ordered beef, a lot of it. We got the taco platter- ground beef tacos accompanied with rice and beans and a carne asada burrito. I enjoyed it all and immensely. The tacos were moist and the shells were crisp. The flavor on the rice and beans was just as tasty too. The burrito, which I was only allowed to nibble, was also delish- pico de gio, guacamole, beans, cheese and lettuce accompanied the carne. It was piping hot and exuded freshness. The only negative was that it was a bit greasy.It was a bit on the pricey side and there's a charge for drink refills-- a mere 70 cents, but knowing the way I can woof down a coke along with Mexican food had me a bit turned off. However, the man behind the counter waived the charge for us which was a pleasant surprise. He was friendly and the food was fast.
1	Lunched here today. We used a "Living Social" coupon, which obviously confused the lady who was running the register. As a result of her confusion, she charged my debit card for the whole amount, then had to refund it, then had to charge it again, and somehow came up with a different amount that I owed every time. The second strike against this place was that it took 45 minutes from the time we ordered our four tacos until we actually received them. Third strike, the food was below average in my opinion. I had the beef taco and the carnitas taco, both super greasy meat, with less than impressive flavors. The salsa was ok. My sister had the AZ super taco and the shrimp taco, her were better than mine, but still not fabulous. Add those three strikes to the fact that they have a very cramped little parking lot and that pretty much left me knowing that I won't be heading back there anytime soon... or ever.
1	Very disappointed!! We ordered 2 cerviche    tostadas, carne asada taco, and a grilled and breaded fish taco. When we were being rung up we were told there would be a .75 cent charge to use our credit card. The cashier wasn't friendly and quite rude when we asked for help with the menu. When we asked for chips she said that would be an additional $2.00. When the chips came they were cold and gross. Our food came out in two separate orders and lacked flavor. There was hardly any meat on the tacos. When we left I asked for a refill on my Coke and the cashier told me it  would be another full soda charge. We were expected to bus our own table for this lack luster overpriced food. Sorry won't be going back!!
4	Hola! Yo quero zopes en tacosYes, my Spanglish is tops!  Just like this place.  I would like to announce my new favorite hole-in-the-wall Mexican joint - Lulu's Taco Shop!I ordered their Zope and el Pastor with rice and beans.  The zope base was different from what I'm used to.  It was actually a hard piece of bread instead of a hard shell tortilla, which wasn't bad at all.  The beef in each of the items I ordered was well braised and soft.  The salsa a top was okay but definitely needed some extra kick.  They have a salsa bar with some pickled carrots, onions, and peppers.  You don't see that around here in PHX often or at all!  The place is well decorated with some Mexican flair.  This is a real dive and what you would expect to have some great food and it did not disappoint!  They only accept cash so don't forget to stop by the bank. - Enjoy!
2	I just moved into town from CA and was eager to find my favorite neighborhood taco shop. There are several within walking distance. Lulu's is my first attempt. This ain't it.  I got a mix carne assada burrito with a side of rice & beans. The burrito was almost flat...almost nothing inside. The beans  in the to go carton were half filled. I'm still hungry and I got the friggin special! What little meat I did get tasted good enough but the portions were scarce. Very skimpy for the price. And I was the only one there so it wasn't because they were busy.... Now I know why no one else was there. I won't be going back
1	I first dined here about a year ago and was really disappointed in wasn't going to go back; however, my wife had a coupon from some coupon book and I went to go get some takeout to watch Sunday football. First of all, the service in this restaurant sucks. There's laid-back and then there is rude-they are rude. I finally get to the counter to order and the girl is drinking a soda and eating her breakfast on the cashier counter. She said to me, "what do you want?" And didn't even give me I contact. I probably should just walked out right then and known better, but I didn't. I ordered street tacos and they were an absolute joke. The worst of it was the Pasole which really was void of taste, however, the worst part or all the cartilage in bones that were in there. Now I understand that you need that in there for flavor when making Pasole because I make that soup frequently. When I pulled out the bones and the cartilage it amounted to about the size of a tennis ball. The flavor of it was really Bland and overall just not good. Good thing I found rather interesting was that they charge $.75 anytime that you make a non-cash transaction. That's just ridiculous.
4	Really yummy! Hit the spot when I was craving some tacos and jaritos!
4	I ordered Carne Asada torta and 3 tacos(cabeza, chicken, and pastor).  All was very good flavor.  The cost was $16, which is not bad for the amount of food, but they were a little light on the meat, I'm sure it's a good business model, but I would expect a lot of meat for the price.  I would recommend if you are looking for very flavorful Mexican food!
5	Love love love Lulus. They are such neat folks and their food is like being there in a little eatery in Mexico. Authentic, delicious, and always with a smile.
4	Really surprising good Guadalajara food.  We had the special which was whole Tilapia fried with salad and fries. Could have left off the fries and provided chips, but the fish was excellent!  Also had a couple of shredded beet tacos, very tasty!Give it a try. Small place, only 10 tables. But quick friendly service.
5	We just got back from Mexico and let me tell you...this place is probably as close as you will get here in Gilbert. We got pastor tacos, a gordo burro and a couple beef tacos all of which were good. I usually do not order chicken at Mexican restaurants but since we had never been there before I decided to try it and boy was the chicken tasty! Guac was good, nothing that you would think came out of a tube with a neon green color, I am pretty sure they make it in house. Needless to say this place is darn good and would recommend it over Los or any bertos place around here.
1	Showed up at 830...all the salsas on the salsa bar were cleaned up...the guy was very very rude. And he acted like I was bothering  him  on his phone. He had to give me full limes because he already threw away all the limes and wouldn't cut new. The food was cold and packed all to go when some was for there.  Have another living  social deal but  don't even know if I want to use it.
2	First time I have been here. I am all about customer service and I was disappointed. The lady behind the counter acted as though I was bothering her while I ordered my food to go. My husband and I can't have cheese on basically anything. So I ordered a bean and cheese burrito for my son- he can have cheese and I ordered a taco combo and she asked "what type of meat?!" In a tone I give my husband when I am bothered... We'll excuse me... I didn't know there were options. Geez. Mind you I had my 10 month old daughter with me which might have been why that lady seemed bothered because my daughter was babbling while I was ordering. I ordered a fish taco and a drink. I waited and it didn't take long to get my food. So I went into the car strapped my daughter in and then realized she didn't give me my drink. I walked in again and waited for her to even acknowledge me and I told her I didn't get my drink. She even seemed bothered by that. Fish taco and carne asada tacos were smaller than expected. Food was ok... Not the best I have had. I would have given another star if the customer service was better.
4	This is THE place for authentic Guadalajaran Mexican food. No, I've never been to Guadalaraja, but they say it's from there, and the food is SO good, so I'm down with it. I absolutely love mom and pop joints, and this is the ultimate. I love the story behind the restaurant--they came here from Mexico and worked hard to save money for their own restaurant. Who doesn't want to support the American Dream in action? And the owners/founders are the ones cooking your food. Rock on! Everything I've tried has been delicious and flavorful. Spring for the super tacos--it's bigger, more meat, and there's cheese in between the tortillas. Worth it! I overheard them saying they were closing for remodeling this summer. Looking forward to seeing the finished product! We purchased the homemade flour tortillas to take home, and it's amazing how different (better) they are than the store bought ones. They puff up when you cook them, and they get crispy and delicious. This is comfort food, for sure. Stop in and try it, you won't be disappointed. Great value, too.
5	Best Mexican food I have ever had in my life. Is it odd to say it is better than the food in Mexico? Take a trip to Lulu's and you will not be disappointed. Their beans are top notch and I love their shrimp plate. Enjoy!
1	Just left the place, used a Living Social Coupon, don't know what  you 4s and 5s are smoking, this best thing my Wife and I had tonight was the beer, and thank God they served them in iced glasses.1st Strike - If you use a debit or CC they hit you with a .75 cent charge, OK so they don't want to have to pay the bank, but i would rather have a decent meal with the cost of the bank charge included than be hit at the counter with "oh are you paying with debit or credit, that will be a .75 charge, OK", like we had a choice since it didn't say anywhere on the menu or LS coupon about he up-charge.2nd Strike - "How about some nice chips and Salsa", oh sure, since you hit me with a .75 charge on my card use, at least i get something to nibble on, OH they'll be $2.50, as noted on the menu, but you would at least think that you would get something authentic, these puppies were right out of some flavorless bag and then they hand you a "small" salsa bowl, to select from a "salad bar", 3 choices or 4 with the pickled carrots that looked like they had be in the bar since yesterday.  Salsa was very flavorful if you like slightly bad to real bad.3rd Strike - We both ordered the Super Fish Taco and the counter person (CP), I call her that because that is where she works and there is no one else in the place, and that's where she stayed, except I think the cook in the back who dishes the food out of some nondescript container. CP was pleasant and suggested the "grilled fish" instead of the breaded because the grilled fish was, Mahi Mahi , if that was Mahi, I'm Capt Ahab and this was Moby Carp. The fish tasted like something out of  a 3 day old hand cart from the back streets in Tijuana, and I'm sure that would have a better flavor.4th Strike - "Oh that's right you only get 3, oh what the &(*), here goes anyway, since we won't be back and I can't imagine how they survive.  The rice was not even eatable, the re-fried beans were slimy, and both were slightly, and i use this term carefully, warm.I have had wonderful Guadalajara style food, it is great experience and this wasn't Guadalajara it was not even a good.  I wish they would put up a disclaimer that if you order this "Special", you'll be sorely disappointed.  It is a terrible evening when you have left a place and know that you have wasted your time, your money, and most assuredly, your taste buds!!!
2	I HATE that they charge 75 cents to use a credit card and that they charge extra to get a flour tortilla on a taco.  I have had much better tacos for less money!  I will not return.
2	Well the food was ok my wife and I wanted a good Mexican lunch I wasnt that hungry so I ordered 3 street tacos and a soda she got a burrito and a soda and the bill was $20.00 I was like wow these tacos must be huge well we received our food and the tacos were tiny her burro was a avg size I looked down and thought this is what $20 will get you here now mind you we didnt have any extras just what I had said this will be last time here
1	If you think Filiberto's is good food, then you will like this place.Fish tacos were dry and as tasteless as the lukewarm beans and that fluffy rice thing.  I love Gilbert and want to support the mom and pop's but this is not good.How has this place been around so long is beyond me.  I've driven by it for years and figured it must be great so finally gave it a try.  Bummer.
1	This place was pretty disgusting, dirty, over priced, bad service, bad food yuck.  Got the two taco plate one ground beef and one chicken with beans and rice.  I dont know how they screwed up that ground beef to taste like it wasnt beef.  At least the chicken tasted like chicken but bland and nothing special.  Beans tasteless and of course rice same thing.  Looks like a family run business and nobody cares.  They are hiding in the back most of the time.  Friend walked up to get someones attention but crickets so I actually whistled really loud so my friend could get a beer to wash away the bad taste.  Will definitely never return.
3	I found LuLu's by way of a Living Social deal.I thought the food was good and the pricing was okay. The counter girl was really helpful and kept her cool with a over zealous slightly rude customer. (wasn't me)It isn't located near where I live, so I probably won't return except to use the second  half of my deal. Had the food been better than "good", I would go out of my way.I don't agree with the extra fee to use a credit card...
4	This is my family's "go to" Mexican food place. I love the green chile pork and my wife finds the different shrimp plates delicious. Along with some good horchata, the food here can't be beat!
4	The food is outstanding, decor wonderfully boring, and the prices comparable to some 'sit down / server' restaurants for the most part because the FOOD IS SIMPLY LEGIT and HOMEMADE.   I'd put Lulu's food in the 'gourmet ethnic fast food' category - even if I did just make up the category.  Its a damn fine space to be in, whatever we call it.  Yeah, I'll pay an extra buck or two vs Rubio's (which I still like) or Baja Farce (which I don't) or the like because I'm willing to pay for a little cultural nuance and to  support a great local joint.  Oh, and for the homemade Mexican food..People that hate on Lulu's are usually better off at 'stuff your own burrito' joints (which have their place, I begrudgingly admit) or a chain like Garcia's or On The Border.  Those types of mexichain restaurants, with their ketchupy salsas, melted nacho cheese, and properly folded napkins may be more to their liking .  Others may prefer Abuelo's for the ornate 'hacienda' decor (and macro mex), or Joyride for the extremely tasty drinks and hipster vibe.  Hey, I'm kind of something approaching a hipster, if not just a nerd with eclectic taste, so I love Joyride's music, decor, drinks and like a few things on their fun and overpriced menu.  But when I need a serious Mexigrubfest, I am going to get down and dirty @ Lulu's.If you're a fan of real Mex / ethnic food, don't need some teenage server to kiss your ass or show you their piercings or pieces of flair, just go order the gdam fish burrito at Lulu's.  Or anything else.  It'll scream 'authentic' all up in your grill and you'll never leave unhappy.  When I wasn't mostly a pescatarian, I'd dig hard on the al pastor burro.  It is one of the more perfect 'man grab' offerings out there.  Lulu's bean burros with chewy tortillas slathered in red and / or green salsa (I alternate pours) are perhaps the best in town.  Lulu has been kind enough to make me 'custom' burritos like shrimp a la diabla with rice and guac stuffed in a giant tortilla (the diabla plate is great but I'm lazy) before, which I am grateful.  Dios mio, so good.  Tacos are great too - remember they are 'street tacos' so don't go order then go whining like a spoiled ignorant guero (like my mom did) about how small they are or that they aren't on cheesy flour tortillas that dampen a taco's flavor instead of complimenting it.Lulu's base green and red chile salsas are simply perfect and you can easily go through 2-3 little containers per burrito if you are a sauce hound.  They're the Goldilocks 'just right' combination of spice and flavor.  Remember - always, always ask for extra salsa so you can save it to slather on your fried eggs the next morning.
4	Authentic Mexican food.  Sometimes we purchase the bag of tortillas on the way out they're so good.In two words - Salsa Bar.Architecturally, not the nicest or cleanest looking place.  Although I'm sure it's clean, just in need of some updating.Family owned and operated, sometimes the younger staff seems a little on the entitled side if you know what I mean...But what can you expect when their food sells itself and they know it.
4	REAL Mexican food- not your fast food, no choice, no flavor food. Typical menu and everything I wanted and more! Reasonably priced-I was a little put off at first that I had to pay for chips and salsa, but well worth it. My husband and I will def be back for dinner again- friendly staff, simply decorated and delicious food.
5	This place is amazing I have been going here for at least 10 years, great food, family owned and run business.
3	Food was OK! Got the shrimp tacos with beans & rice was about $9. Tacos were smaller than my hand! Rice & beans were gr8 but overall I wouldn't crave this too much!
4	We had a groupon to try the breakfast and overall we were impressed.  They gave good size, flavorful portions and the service was friendly.  The cook even came out to ask if we enjoyed our meal.   The restaurant itself was clean and well taken care of.  Next time I'm going to try the menudo or one of their seafood dishes.  Since they are serving breakfast, they may want to add coffee to the menu :)
5	It's about time I wrote a positive review for Lulu's Taco Shop, we've been eating here for years. It is a family favorite and a Gilbert staple.  The food is delicious! The tortillas are what make this dining experience unique: fresh, warm, and homemade.  You can't go wrong with ordering the AZ Burrito or even their simple Bean and Cheese Burrito.  Their food is always fresh and the environment is spotless.  And, the best part, you will actually meet the owners while you are dining in this mom-and-pop Mexican diner. Their salsa is absolutely amazing and my favorite is their Horchata--delicious.  This is by far one of the best Mexican restaurants in Arizona. Highly recommended.
5	Finally an authentic taco shop in AZ!!! Reminds me of home sweet home (chicago). All the staples are there...2 corn tortillas, cabbage, red salsa, limes....they even have ground beef...A rarity in these parts. Couldn't be happier :D
3	The food is legit but really- it's expensive!  I hate sounding like a cheap ass but we cook at home A LOT and our food is REALLY GOOD. So- we are tough critics especially with mexican food. All that being said- it is authentic and good.  It's just expensive.  The salsa is weak-sauce. Tapatio is spicier.  I asked the lady in the kitchen for a sprinkle of queso fresco on my carne asada tacos and she straight up had the audacity to say, "It's an extra $2.50 for the cheese, is that okay?" I said. NO thank you- I don't want $2.50 sprinkles of cheese.??!?!!?!? who charges that much for cheese? I could buy a damn block for that price. Their chicken soup is dope though!!!!
5	So delicious and super friendly staff. When they say hot salsa they aren't lying. It was so good. I highly recommend the AZ burrito. It is huge and great value for your buck. Their crane asada is the best I've had.
3	This place is pretty awesome. The tacos are good, athough nothing like Mexico , but good. The menudo is really good.. A little over priced but it was worth it. The serving looks small but very filling. The only thing I would complain about is the prices. Overall a good experience. Also, you can check in and get free chips and salsa
3	I have been here three times now, my kids love the crunchy tacos and I enjoyed them as well.  I decided to try the Pozole and was not disappointed, a little pricey, but very good.The enchiladas were not my favorite, the enchilada sauce contained cinnamon and I have never been a fan of that.The street tacos with ground beef and the Carne Asada were a tad pricey but again very good.The fresh homemade Jamaica and Horchata were fantastic.Here is my complaint, if your bill isn't at least $15.00 and you pay with plastic they charge you 80 extra cents. Not to sound like a cheapskate, but check out a new processor.
4	This is a no-frills local place with great food at reasonable prices.  I always have the fish tacos and would give them five stars but the pina colada was disappointing.
2	Not going to lie, was not super impressed.  Used a yelp deal for breakfast, the lady who took our order then walked back and made the food.  Feel like I could have made the food better at my house.  Probably won't be coming back any time soon.  Obnoxiously playing spongebob on the tv extremely loud, even though there were no kids there.
4	Great Pozole & Ceviche! Family owed and operated they put the love into their food!
2	The place was clean & the salsa bar was nice. My chicken quesadilla was very good, but my husband's enchiladas were bland & not very filling. He went back to order some tacos & they were the tiniest tacos we had every seen. Over all not a great experience.
4	My favorite thing about this place is their tortillas. I crave their bean and cheese burrito. I've tried a couple of other food items but didn't fall in love. It's reasonably priced and I love to support a family-owned business. I would recommend this for others to try.
3	Local Gilbert place that has been around a while. Really tasty fish tacos, but the side of rice and beans were not good at all. Family had ground beef tacos, which were good. Friendly service.Suggestion: Order a la carte items to try their full range of options.
1	For a taco shop, those were some pretty tasteless tacos!  I was so uninspired with what I was served that I did not even take a picture. My wife had fish tacos that were dry and also tasteless.
1	Horrible! Very expensive for NOTHING! Greasy gross food. Dirty restaurant. Yuck! Even the guy taking orders CLEARLY didn't want to be there. First he had to hang up from his personal call on his cell phone to take our order. Then our food sat in the window until I walked up and he quit texting and noticed it was sitting there. We all ended up with a stomach ache. We will never go back and would steer anyone clear of there!!
5	Always a good experience here. If you want good Mexican food, this is a place you can rely on. Sometimes you can even catch Lulu her self cooking the best, fresh, authentic food! Everybody is so wonderful and kind. I come from Los Angeles with Mexican food at my disposal and no where can compare to Lulus. My boyfriend, my self, and coworkers come here so often they always recognize us. That itself is a wonderful feeling.
5	Fantastic food, friendly service and very clean. If you are looking for a quick delicious taco this is your place! It's also conveniently located in downtown Gilbert.
5	I went yesterday for the first time and loved it!! I had one fish taco and one shrimp taco. It was tasty and so fresh!! The fish and shrimp were good sizes. Not tiny small pieces. The staff were nice and friendly to myself and my one year old daughter. I can't wait to go back!!!!
3	Went to lulu's for lunch with a friend.the tacos are small, i like that.But tacos didn't have much flavor. Pico didn't have much flavor either. I had fish tacos ,not very much fish not a lot of flavor.  The salsa verdeWas really good. I would try them again,  but was not a big fan this time.
5	Friendly, family owned, and delicious! Get the Gordo bfast burrito! Great for hangovers!
1	I did not try their food but I went in to get an ice tea. It was almost $3 and so old that I took half a sip and dumped it out. Nothing worse than terribly old ice tea!
5	I love the food at LuLu's and have never been disappointed.  Their tostadas are SO FRESH and the taste is so clean.  I crave them!  The place is just a little hole in the wall local place, but the food is great and the quality is excellent.  We found them by eating at Flancer's across the parking lot, where we also go often for their sandwiches.Love LuLu's tostadas and beans and rice!  Way better than Filiberto's!
4	I've eaten here a half dozen times. The Shrimp burrito is worth the trip. Service is so-so. Bean and cheese burrito is good to.
4	good homemade mexican w/ unique flavor.  Lots of choices.
5	I have, to date, not been able to find a better bean and cheese burro than Lulu's. I've been going here since I was a little girl and I swear that good 'ol burro get's better every time. I've also had their shredded beef tacos, chimis, enchiladas, and there chips and salsa is tasty. I've had their wonderful horchata and they have the best ice ever!! Is that weird...? If you go you'll know. It's like Sonic ice. It's run by a family and I see the same workers in there every time. I love getting to know them through the years, such a nice family. I do think the taco's are average, good, but average. But that burro... Bean's, cheese, x-tra cheese, and sour cream. Pour the salsa over the top and add some limes. Yummm!!!! I even moved to Los Angeles (mexican food?) and yeah right, I craved this place weekly. I love you Lulu's...
