2	Howdy Az FoodiesDon't you just love driving down the road scoping out new places and promising to one day try them.... and then  you finally do?That's how this review will start... I went to get a burger from a place that used to be a burger shop but apparently is now this mesquite mexican and burger place?This piqued my interest.... it's kind of like mixing an italian restaurant with a chinese restaurant...I go to a mexican restaurant to get mexican food and a burger place to get a burger...but who knows... maybe they do make a good burger?  Never got the chance to find out what any of it tastes like..It started like this... I walked in and there was 2 people ahead of me.A nice man...looked like a manager/owner?.... greeted us and as they took orders found they didnt have the carne adasa or rice therefore they stopped production and went to chop up meat and find rice and no idea what else because we all just stood there waiting while this young female employee stood there looking dumbfounded!The beans sat there on the tortillas on the work area waiting for ingrediants to arrive...I should mention at this  time that they took the tortillas out of a grocery store plastic bag!  I was hoping maybe they made their own?After standing in this line 10 minutes I politely said to the dumbfounded girl... " I have been waiting too long and I think I will leave"  I said Thank You and left.To be fair I know they opened not too long ago, so i think i will wait a few months until they have their act together to possibly...maybe try again...Not sure they will be there months from now if they dont made some serious changes.Good luck to you Julia's....And to the rest of you......Bon Appetite'
4	After our disaster at Chase's Diner (see review) we stopped in here to get breakfast.  Looks like they have not been open long but it was clean and adequately staffed, no line so are orders got in quickly.  The manager was running the cash register and was very polite and attentive.  Had the Chorizo breakfast burrito, it was large as burritos go,  hot, fresh and yummy!  Definitely come back to this place.
4	I figured I would give this new place a shot (It was formerly Flame Burger). When you first walk in the smell of the Mesquite grill is great. They have a nice selection of homemade salsa's at a self serve station. There's probably 6 different salsa's to choose from. I sampled 3 of them and they were all nice and fresh ranging in different heat levels. I ordered a carne asada burrito enchilada style (approx $8). It was really good. You can really taste the mesquite in the meat, the refried beans were amazing, they tasted like grandma made them from scratch. I'll definitely go back to try some other items!As a bonus this place is family owned and I always like to support local small businesses.
5	The food at this place is extremely good. I've been here for breakfast for almost 2 weeks in a row now. When I see the somebody in the back mixing the sauces from scratch and walking around with a huge crate of eggs - I know this place is fresh! And you can taste it! I get the Egg and Steak breakfast burrito every morning. I've had a couple other burritos and everything I've had is tasty. They are huge burritos. I've never been able to finish one. I actually split the burrito down the middle with a coworker every morning. He pays half, I pay half - that's 2 bucks for an awesome breakfast! ok... the slowness. I feel like it /feels/ slow more than it /is/ slow. Because of style of restaurant this appears to be (order at the counter - rather than a waiter) it can feel real slow because you might be expecting fast food. This is not fast food - this is real food - real good.
5	This is a great mexican restaurant. The tacos are amazing, the rice and beans are some of the best i have ever had. And the salsa was outstanding. I had the hottest red salsa and it added great flavor to my chicken tacos. I am quite impressed with this food and will return again and bring everyone I know!!*HIGHLEY RECOMMEND THIS RESTAURANT*
5	Julia's knows hows to cook.  I've eaten there twice already, and I ordered the same thing, the Steak, Bacon and Egg breakfast burrito.  I'm sure everything else on the menu is just as good.  I'll have to try a burger next.
5	I absolutely love this place.  The owner and cool staff knows customer service.  The mesquite grill provide and amazing taste to the meat.  If you've never been here you have to try it.  The breakfast is great too!
5	This place is awesome for a good burrito.  Every morning they make fresh horchata and the breakfast burritos are made fresh on the grill.  Even though the portions are huge, I can't seem to get enough.  The employees are really friendly and a joy to be around.  I will be back frequently.
5	I love Mexican food and this place has become one of my favorites. They use a mesquite grill to cook the food and it provides great flavor to the meat. They also make fresh salsa everyday and offer it at a self serve station. The owner and staff are super friendly and the food comes out fast. The food has never disappointed us whenever we came here and I  highly recommend this place if you haven't tried it.
4	went here for lunch once and as soon as you walk in the door there is a heavy mesquite smoke smell!! this is a GOOD thing!!! the food here is great! The staff was friendly and seemed to know the customer that came in and greeted them with a smile!!
4	Pretty interesting place, build your own burrito with a variety of delicious meats. Worth giving a try, very fresh ingredients.
4	I've been all over the valley for tacos and this is the only place I know that cooks over mesquite wood (not charcoal). You can taste the difference and we will be back for more
5	Gave this place a try a few days ago and I gotta' say, WOW.Upon entering,I was greeted by the manager and an associate immediately.I was having a hard time deciding what to order for dinner so the manager gave me samples of all the meats.Their chile rojo is one of the best I have ever had.Reminded me of my mom's cooking as a kid.I loved it.I ordered the 4 tacos for $5.99 and decided to get two of em' with the chili rojo and the other two with chicken.Their chicken was truly one of a kind.My gf ordered a burrito for $5.99 and it was so huge and tasted soo good too.I am definitely goin' back there soon.The service and food was great.A++
5	Great food..worth stopping! Friendliest staff ever...Great marinated pork burritos! Don't pass it up!
5	We recently discovered this place since they moved to their new location at Warner/Arizona.  Love it. Everything is fresh and so good, but my husband and I have gotten hooked on getting taco salads there, and run over there about once a week.
5	Big fan of this place. Awesome breakfast tacos. Awesome owner. Good stuff. 99 cent tacos baby! Can't beat that!
4	First time in and had the Green Chili Burger. Just want to say that it was AWESOME!!!
5	This place smells great: mesquite grilling.  Brought out the carnivore in me and was rewarded by ordering the asada burrito enchilada style with verde sauce.  Yum!  Manager very friendly and accommodating.  Had items on menu for my vegetarian friend as well.  I look forward to trying other choices but the steak asada is definitely the way to go here.
5	This place is great!!!  The meats are all very good and the salsa bar has a great selection!The guacamole is the BOMB!!  Definitely a must have!!
5	Always great food and friendly service. They have a large variety too. Burrito, tacos and quesadillas, as well as, sandwiches, burgers, and bratwurst. Also their portions are very big. Nachoes are huge! The prices are the best part! Very affordable!
5	I LOVE this place.  The food is a cross between Mexican and bbq - trust me, it's a glorious union.  The carne asada is amazing, everything I have tried had been good.
5	Coming from Texas I'm very suspicious that I'm going to get a store bought tortilla when eating Mexican food in Arizona. I had a feeling the carnivore type tacos would have an awesome mesquite flavor but I didn't get to try it this time around.It doesn't have a drive thru but it's a real simple to order take out or eat in. My hunt was for a breakfast burrito still served anytime of the day. I ordered a burrito with eggs,ham,potatoes, beans, and cheese. The smell of the wonderful mesquite makes me want to come back for a burger or taco which I well. Anyhow, I got my salsa at the salsa bar while waiting and I receive my to go order shortly after. I left and in the car open the burrito and to my surprise a homemade tortilla with fresh ingredients still at 11:30am. The reason from my 5 is the homemade tortillas with all the goodness inside.
5	Never judge a book by its cover.. This place is amazing!!! I have been back multiple times and haven't been disappointed. Tacos, burritos and burgers are all outstanding.
4	Tried every breakfast taco on the menu cause they were cheap,  I was particularly hungry and couldn't make up my mind. Wasn't disappointed on any one. I surprisingly ate the lot!  Lol.  The homemade salsa bar was really good, a lot of flavor With just the right amount of spice. My wife had the cheeseburger and loved it.
5	I am so glad I finally tired this place out. The food is very good and fresh. I ordered the 4 soft tacos each with a different meat, carnitas, grilled chicken, barbacoa, and steak.  All of the meats were very flavorful and moist. The steak was my favorite, all charcoaled on the outside and tender on the inside, delicious! My bf had the steak burrito which was also very tasty. Very good fresh homemade tortillas. It is set up somewhat like Chipotle, where you go down the line and tell them what you want on your order. It is great that they also have a salsa bar. Service is very fast and friendly. Lobby was clean and welcoming. The owner himself was serving the food and was very nice. Great family ran local place to grab a quick bit for not a lot of money.
5	This place reminds me of Chipotle, BUT BETTER! Everything about this place was a great experience. The food, the employees, and cleanliness. The salsa bar is delicious and the good is all fresh. I'm definitely coming back!
5	This place is great. The staff is super accommodating.  I've been there a handful of times. Food is amazing. The carne asada is delicious and seasoned perfect. I love the barbacoa, it's tender and delish. Pricing is good, salsa bar is fresh, and kitchen it's clean. This is one of those consistent places that you'll get good food at.
5	Me and my 2 sons are here eating and I'm telling you now the best in town they use mesquite wood for there meat !! Filibertos who????!
4	Good grilled burger spot. Nice smell of grilled goodness when you walk in. I tried the Green Chile Burger (they spell it with a chil"i" but that should be more for the chili you put on fries or chili dog). The burger seem to be about quarter pound in size, it had one large roasted green chile(be nice if it was more spicy) split in half,  nice thick cut bacon, pepper jack cheese lettuce onion and tomato. Very good burger (once i added mustard) didn't blow my mind but it was tasty and fresh.Had waffle fries which were good as well.Place is very simple inside, fast food/order then pick-up type place with plenty of seating.I sampled the 6 salsas they had, they were pretty good as well (nothing real spicy though), i am gonna have to come back and try the Mexican food.
2	food is decent but english is the second language. my order has been messed up more than once so i stop going.
5	This place is awesome! Friendly staff, and fantastic grub.  I had four soft tacos (steak)... They were delicious.  Good ingredients, made to order.  I have not been so impressed with similar small Mexican fast good joints ( like Filiberto's or Los Favoritos)... The quality at those places is not good, and sometimes the food is just questionable... Not so here!  Julia's rocks!
5	I'd give this place more stars if I could!!! Everything about this place is A Amazing. The food is so fresh and that smokey scent when you walk in crawls up your nose and welcomes you back everytime! I eat here at least 3 times a week and never get sick of the steak. The quesadilla is what originally got me hooked. LOOK, if your looking for " your little spot" for lunch or what have you, no better spot than here. I have yet to find another place for lunch and if this place keeps up, I never will :) KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK GUYS!
5	super yummy and great service!!!
5	Real good Mexican food!!! And their burgers are amazing!!! I forsure recommended this new place!!!
5	Have eaten @ Julia's 4 or 5 times now, and they never disappoint!! If you're looking for a Mexican restaurant that has FLAVORFUL MEAT, look no further.Beef,  pork & chicken are mesquite grilled, providing a fabulous aroma that greets you in the parking lot. Chile verde pork & pollo adobado are favorites. Choose how you want to enjoy these meats--in tacos, a burrito, in a salad, or simply as a meat plate with beans & rice.Haven't tried breakfast yet, but they serve it! They also, surprisingly, serve hotdogs & hamburgers,  I guess for your friends who don't like Mexican food but want to hang with you!Why are you still reading this? Get over there! You won't be sorry!
1	First off I'll start off by saying that I really wanted to like this place as it is about a mile from my home. I usually stick to my local favorites but have scoped this place out while driving by and got a coupon in the mailer.  First things first when you first walk in the smell of the mesquite is a nice welcome, unfortunately it pretty much ends there. There were 4 gentlemen ordering in front of me and basically 2 hard working workers taking care of the restaurant. Both were trying to make burritos near where you order while also cooking in the back as well as run the cash register. These guys were moving as fast as they could but were very disorganized (obviously a management issue). By the time I got to order I had been standing in line for over 10 minutes. While standing in line which seemed forever I noticed a few things. First the tortillas are store bought. The cooks literally opened up a shopping bag on the counter and pulled out clearly labeled for retail bags of tortillas (the bags had the government mandated nutritional info printed on them). After reading reviews of this place I noticed a few other Yelpers noticed this as well. I know that the majority of the "Bertos" Mexican places use locally made tortillas. So seeing this when I got to order I changed my order to breakfast Tacos (was originally going for a burrito) and hoped for the best. Also when waiting I noticed that the carne asada was nearly black on the outside (think jerkey) not juicy steak like you get at every run of the mill "Bertos". I also noticed that one of the cooks had a towel thrown over his shoulder and would use it to wipe down everything from the counter when food spilled on it to the prep areas where he would put down tortillas when someone ordered one. After working in a kitchen I know this is a no no per health code violations. My coupon was buy any 2 breakfast items and a drink and get one item free. So this is were it gets bad fast. While ordering the cook says what are you in the mood for and  I said Im looking at the tacos which do you suggest and he says back the chorizo ones. He then tells me that they are all 99 cents during breakfast hours. So at the register now stands what I guess was the manager as he was wearing a Julias Mesquite Mexican Grill Polo and was pulling large sums of money in and out of the register. I handed him my coupon thinking 2 breakfast tacos at 99 cents plus a buck and a half for a drink (they didnt have any listed prices for any of the drinks they have) so I thought with tax Im walking out for less than $4 bucks. The manager then says this coupon is for the breakfast platters which I then look at the coupon and nope it says any 2 breakfast items. So he hastily rings me up and says my total was $6 and some change. So I tried to break down the simple math for him and said 2 tacos at 99 cents each plus the drink which he automatically charged me for a large is $4 bucks plus tax. He then tried to explain to me that the tacos are originally $1.89. I may not be have a math degree from Harvard but simple math is simple math. I asked him are the breakfast tacos 99 cents during breakfast and he said yes. They was a gentleman waiting behind me to pay and his food was ready so I just paid my tab. While waiting again (for my food) I was looking at the receipt and what he did was charge me for 2 full price tacos, not the breakfast pricing. I told the manager that he had over charged me which then continued to argue with me. So I asked him to see the coupon which I checked to see if it said anything that you had to pay the full menu price while ordering which it didnt. I know it was only a few bucks but I work hard for my money and just dont like giving it away and being over charged. I told the manager that I was going to write a review on Yelp which he responded that nobody reads those things. So I finally get my breakfast tacos which had left a lot to be desired. They were very sloppy and greasy. I have eatin at almost every "Bertos" place in the valley and I know greasy lol but these were dripping with grease and coated my throat with a film. I only ate one which I braved though because I wanted to try the different kinds of salsa. Honestly if I didnt have an issue with the math in this place I would still not come back. With the store bought tortillas, the dried up meat (other Yelpers have said the same) and the cooks not being properly trained in the health codes, on top of it taking 20 plus minutes for me to order and receive 3 small breakfast tacos when there were only 4 people in front of me. There are plenty of other Mexican joints and your money and time are better spent else where. I know almost everyone rags on the "Bertos" places but my local one is fine dinning compared to this place.
5	Smashed Chipotle by far. Enjoy eating here on all days. Taco Tuesday is just a start. Food is awesome.  Highly recommend it to all authentic Mexican food lovers. !!!!
4	A hidden gem in Chandler with some of the best carne asada I've ever had.  It was recommended on my first visit and I had it in a quesadilla.I was very happy that they also serve breakfast tacos all day.  The prices are very reasonable and I would put this food against any restaurant.
5	Yummy!!! Since I moved to Chandler 4 months ago, Ive been looking for a great Mexican restaurant.  This little Mom & Pop place has Amazing Marinated Meats... I had the Tres Tacos (Chicken, Beef & Pork)... Too die for!  My new favorite Tex Mex!
5	Seriously great food - the chicken was fabulous!!! This place is legit - gotta try it
5	Delicious an refreshing take on classic mexican food .Authentic Mexican Food tailored to spoil Americans :)My new favorite spot
3	STARVING & NOT HAPPY! I'm giving 3 stars because it's not really the restaurant's fault that I waited over an hr for food that was never going to come. Don't order through the yelp app for delivery because A) they don't deliver and B) there is a huge DISCONNECT with the people/companies involved.  HUGE fail Eat Street, huge fail. What's worse is that it takes 3-5 bus days to get a refund?! Are you kidding me? Please get the information that's available to your customers right. Marketing is only as good as the information given. Let's try and keep that correct. Just a thought.  Especially useful if you don't want 'hangry' customers waiting for food that'll never come!
4	When choosing a mexican restaurant I always look for authenticity and as soon as you walk into this place you can smell the wood burning fire grill. The salsas were really good and authentic. The tacos (both hard and soft looked delicious. I got the asada quesadilla and it was very good. The staff is really friendly and outgoing. The guy at the register was very nice and asking everybody how they liked their food. I will defiantly go back to try the rest of their items.
3	Stopped at Julia on a Saturday afternoon with the kids. It was ok. My daughter and I like to think of ourselves as Carne Asada experts, so we decided to give this place a shot. Like my 3-star rating, it was OK. I wasn't blown away by any means, it was good.  I had an all meat Carne Asada burrito with guacamole and lettuce only and it was decent.
4	Visiting from Kansas City, glad we tried it.  Hard shell tacos were a hit and one in our party of 7 got a mesquite-grilled hamburger.  Great flavors and nice value - less than $8 per person. We are leaving full & happy.
5	This place is AWESOME! The breakfast burros are great! Tacos muy bien!!! It's a family owned business. They are all very nice and you can see Mom in the back cooking the food! Which she does very well! Would recommend this place to everyone, Go try it out! Hopefully they get the drive thru up and working soon, would make it easy to enjoy after long day and feeling lazy!
5	I had the three tacos plate...Carne asada, barbacoa and marinated chicken...Fantastic for six bucks....Keep.them in business please. They are next to jimmy johns....
5	Best tacos ever! The service was great and its very clean! The carne is my favorite. I haven't tried the burgers but my friend said they were good!
5	We really enjoyed the food here! It's a casual restaurant, very clean and friendly! We loved the salsa bar too.
2	Pretty good breakfast burritos but everything else kinda left us flat.The Carne Asada is good but the burritos are so full of rice, potatoes, beans etc that you won't hardly taste it.For a $7 burrito they should be looking way more like Filibertos.I probably won't be back.
4	Went there today for taco Tuesday. Street tacos for $1.50 each. You can choose between 7 different meats. I had 3, marinated chicken, asada, green chile pork. I enjoyed all 3. Staff was very friendly and helpful. I will return.
5	Awesome. Just like chipolte but better 6 different marinated meatsGrandma Julia was here.  Working away. Try her own recipe Colorado style beef
5	Absolutely fantastic and the staff rocks. We have had breakfast and lunch here if your hungry your in the right place portions are huge ....
5	huge shout out to Chris for introducing me to the place. he let me try the different meats and was really kind the entire visit. and the burrito was too bomb!
4	My daughters and I ate here today, the food was great.We both got the Tres Hard Tacos, which was $5.99 each. My daughter got 2 barbacoa and one carne asada taco. She loved the barbacoa. I had one each of marinated chicken, marinated pork and carne asada. The 2 marinated meats were excellent... You could tell that they were marinated in citrus or something sweet like pineapple. The carne asada was pretty good, and had the grilled mesquite flavor.The hard shelled tacos were regular size, not street tacos.There is a nice salsa bar, with about 5 or 6 different salsas.My only complaint would be the menu board, it is extremely difficult to read.. Either it was not lit up or items were so small they were illegible.
4	The mesquite smell as soon as you enter is so enticing! I loved my carne asada quesadilla and the salsa bar had so many options. I love that you can choose between canned US Fanta or bottled real sugar Fanta... Nice touch. :-) It was not very busy, but the weather was pretty bad, so hopefully that was the reason and this little local joint gets enough business to stick around.
5	Excellent mesquite grilled meats! We had the quatro tacos and I thought all of their meats were excellent. You need to try the marinated pork and chicken first. If I had to chose a least favorite it would be the carne asada. Not because it was bad but because the others were so outstanding! Service was top notch by Chris! We are new fans and will be visiting there often.
5	I can't tell you enough just how good this place is. Since it opened, it has definitely become one of my favorite go-to spots for a good bite to eat in East Valley. Lots of the Mexican food I've had in the valley is bland and lacks flavor - Julia's seasons the meats just right. That, and they're awesome salsa bar with other condiments makes it awesome.Long story short, you get amazing food, huge quantities, at a solid price. Definitely love this joint and highly recommend it!
1	So sick I got the chorizo plate with rice and beans and now I feel sick. Never going back..... ugh
1	The good: they offer you samples of their marinated meats. Plenty of seating, since the place is empty. The bad: I ordered a burrito. The menu lists about 5 tortilla options but they only have gigantic flour ones. They heated it on a surface covered in oil and got it all oily and nasty instead of soft. The portions of fillings were small and were not prepared well. The thing was half tortilla. I didn't even taste the meat.  With tax the burrito was over $8.00. It was worth perhaps $3.00. Even Filberto's is better. I won't be back.
5	This isn't like chipotle.  It's way better.  This was my first visit, I had a steak burrito and it was ridiculous.   The meat was perfect.  And thank you for not using iceberg lettuce!!  I'm coming back with friends!!!
4	Stopped by on Thursday to celebrate National Nacho Day after seeing Marc M.'s post and what a treat!  I had originally planned on going to another place down the street but I had Julia's bookmarked for a while so why not try something new?Situated in what was once a Target's parking lot, this small and unassuming restaurant was quite an adventure.  Upon walking in, there's a distinct smell of mesquite.  Whether it's artificial or just for show, who cares?  It smells great.  There's a generous bar of all sorts of grilled meats, fixings, and salsa.  The menu is kind of confusing but I already had made myself a note before to try their soft tacos.  The best day to get tacos are Tuesdays, mind you, when they're $1.50 each.  Mr. W. had the Crazy Thursday special which is a green-sauced enchilada if I remember right and we also had nachos. At first I wasn't sure what to expect.  The lovely lady had made the enchiladas first.  First warming up the tortillas and then filling it with cheese before sprinkling more cheese on top only to be be put into the microwave.  That had us exchanging a side-glance at each other.  But when I saw her making my little street tacos and stuffing it full of marinated chicken and topping it with pico de gallo and other stuff, I had forgiven her for the microwave business. Then she had started pouring ladles full of cheez whiz onto the nachos.  I just wanted to tuck in.  Our meal was $23 for the both of us so my wallet was happy.So how did everything taste?  Delicious!  The carne asada on the nachos and my marinate chicken in the tacos were both delicious, flavorful, and moist.  The portions are decent for the price and the salsa bar was a mini adventure on its own.  I wanted to try them all but I was scared and unsure on which ones were mild and which ones were a blazing inferno.  I wish there were little signs.  Oh well.  Nonetheless, Julia's served up a decent dinner and I wouldn't hesitate to stop by again.  I think I want to try a burrito or a taco salad next time!
5	This place is such a hidden gem! The burritos are HUGE - made to order right in front of you. The burgers are also great, high quality ingredients with homemade flavor. And the salsa bar!!! If you're looking for a cheap, good meal...you can't beat Julia's. It's a new weekly tradition.
5	This was my first visit to this place the service was awesome and the food a big 'OL 2 thumbs up the Carne asada was great. Assembly line kinda like Chipotle but way better. I will definitely be back to this establishment.
5	Ok, here it goes with my first review even though I've used Yelp thousands of times to find great restaurants!  Looking for a highly rated Mexican restaurant near my new office I found this gem of a place. I've been dying for *great* Mexican food for a long, long time and haven't found great food since I lived in Issaquah WA and spent three days a week eating at Mi Casa (sadly closed now). Their stewed beef in a taco tasted exactly like the beer at Mi Casa and was to die for. The green pork chili was incredible. The asada melted in my mouth. And to top it off, the owners were super personable. I'm already dreaming of going back!
4	Food was delicious, service was even better. Lots of choices on the very clean salsa bar and not any petty charges for extras like guacamole or sour cream. I had the 4 street taco plate so I could try a variety of meat choices. The meats were quality, no fat or chewy pieces, all melt in your mouth tender! I will be back! Thanks, Chris, for your hospitality!
5	Trying to find real good Mexican food in Arizona is next to impossible. Every time I hear "hey let's go to filibertos", I puke in my mouth. Growing up in the valley in California has really gotten me spoiled when it comes to Mexican food. Julia's is the answer to my long awaited prayers. My first time in, I got to sample all the meats . I am there at least 4 times a week now. I love it!!!
4	ohhh spicy and messy just how i love my burgers cant wait to go back again
5	Oh my goodness I can't believe I haven't eaten here before!!!  I got a breakfast burrito!! Perfection!  Super good tortilla!  Homemade salsa, spicy and amazing! Friendly service!
5	First off a place that has homemade salsas that are fabulous! Tacos are great. But I think the green chili burger is one of the best in the state! Dip the fries in the chipolte salsa add a Mexican Coke and call me one happy mofo! Did I tell you how nice the whole crew is?
