4	This place is pretty good.  We had to wait a while (which was a little odd because it was a late Monday morning) but the food was good.  Good portions for the money.
5	This place has the best breakfast food.  And you don't have to wait if you call ahead to put your name in!  It isn't too expensive either.
3	I wasn't overly impressed, especially for a Thursday at noon.First, the waitress... it wasn't crowded at all, but it took her a good 10 minutes to bring his coffee and my tomato juice and take our order.  Once the food came, she waited the requisite 5 minutes, came to ask how everything was, then completely disappeared until she brought the check.The food was... okay.  First, it was lukewarm by the time it got to the table, which I certainly didn't expect since they weren't busy.  I had the spinach crepes, which supposedly contain "fresh spinach tossed with aged cheddar cheese sauce...topped with hollandaise sauce."  Aged?  No.  Cheddar cheese sauce?  From a can, maybe. Hollandaise?  Yes, but not much.  Also, the crepe batter was overly eggy and had a sweet taste that would have been better suited to the fruit or chocolate crepes.  Savory crepe dishes need a savory crepe - or, at least one that's not sweet.  The flavor combination was a little strange.  However, the dish came with 3 potato pancakes, which for $7.29 made it a good, filling value.  My husband's Belgian waffle, on the other hand, while quite yummy, was not worth $6.00, considering it didn't actually come with anything other than butter or syrup.  Maybe it's because I'm used to smaller-town establishments, but at $6.00 for one waffle, it should at least come with a link of sausage or two.Speaking of breakfast meat, you can order it as a side.  But at $4.79 for a hamburger-sized patty of not-very-flavorful corned beef hash and $4.29 for three slices of thick-cut (yet tough and chewy) bacon, you may want to skip it.  A Belgian waffle and a side of bacon should not come to over $10.00.I'm not ready to write this place off yet - I'll give it another chance, because I've heard such good things about it.  I'd love to see if maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.
5	This place has one of the greatest breakfast/brunches I've ever had--consistently.  You get HUGE amounts of food for $10-15.  Want an omelet?  It's big as hell and then comes with either three pancakes or toast, and hashbrowns or fruit.  Holy crap!  I wouldn't pass up getting their amazing, melt-in-your-mouth pancakes with an omelet if it's your first time there.  Be a glutton.  Go on, you deserve it for coming here.The OJ is fresh squeezed.  Yes, there's almost always a 20 minute wait.  But there's plenty of space to wait and you get free Kona coffee.  Need I say more?
4	Went there with a group late morning (about 10) on a weekday - so I can't comment on how crowded it gets on the weekends or anything.  My sister and nieces think this is the best place since the birth of Christ.  It's definitely wayyyy better than Denny's or Perko's or places of that ilk.It's not too small, enough tables to handle a busy weekend morning.  We were seated right next to the fireplace, which would be cozy in the winter (it wasn't on in July).My son noticed you can get half orders on pancakes and such, which is great, since the amount of food is otherwise obscene.I was supposed to share my Eggs Benedict with my husband because I wanted some of his Cherry Pancakes.  When it all came I took a bite of his and stuck with my eggs, they were great.  The pancakes just had a bit of cherry in the middle and you had to amp it up with syrup.  I was envisioning loads of cherry compote.  No.Good coffee and they left the thermal pitcher so you didn't have to flag them down for refills.One of us ordered strawberries and cream which looked heavenly and was gone in about 30 seconds (and NO sharing on that bad boy).The bacon is super-thick sliced, so there's really something to sink your teeth in to.  We ordered an extra side.  Unfortunately, there are three pieces to a side.  There were four of us.  Rock-paper-scissors never took on such significance.If I lived within 1000 miles, I would go back.
4	Atmosphere:  Standard diner type layout.  Not particularly busy but not empty (Saturday afternoon).  Booths are very poorly assembled, scooting forward will pop the entire booth seat up everytime, really irritating.  The place was clean, jam holders refilled and clean with decent options instead of just a bunch of sticky "Mixed Fruit" that you see at a lot of diners.  Menu/Food:  Lots of selection from several different kinds of waffles, pancakes, crepes and omelettes to sandwiches for those in your party that aren't feeling breakfasty.  Food was great.  Price/Portions:  $8-15, depending on how much you get.  Prices on entrees are somewhat on the pricy-side for a diner ($4 for bacon??), especially considering most dishes don't come with entrees.  Omelettes, pancakes and specialty dishes are nicely sized.  Waffles are disappointingly small.  Service:  We were seated right away but it took awhile for the waittress to come in and check with us.  Kind of inconsistant service, as she would refill some of our party's glasses but not others.
4	I love this place, i went twice this week!i got the banana nut pancakes, which were amazing! They are topped with bananas and nuts and bananas baked in the cakes!!! SOOOOO good! The next time I got the strawberry waffle, which was topped with fresh straberries and whipped cream!!! Yum.My bf got the baked apple, which was like having dessert for breakfast.Not a fan of the oj, it says fresh squeezed but did not taste like it.But you get a ton of food at a good price!
3	I visited mid-morning on a weekday and had no problem getting a table. It did begin to fill up as the lunch hour approached. Pancake Cafe has a very cozy interior, which is just the way a breakfast place should be. My group ending up lounging and chatting for almost three hours. Our server was very gracious, kept the coffee coming, and never pushed us to leave.My last visit was in the fall. I got the pancake of the month--pumpkin pancakes! They were good, but only slightly pumpkin-y and otherwise your standard pancake. Next time I think I'll try something with a filling or a topping rather than a flavoring. The hot chocolate was mediocre, definitely not homemade.The menu is varied enough to satisfy anyone--from sweet to savory, breakfast to lunch, German pancakes to Belgian waffles. Very large portions for decent prices--you can order a half serving for $1.40 less.
2	The food is good... we used to go almost every Saturday but then the waitress started to recognize us and make weird comments and it creeped me out. The decor leaves something to be desired... I've seen more style in a Perkins. So depressing. But if those things don't matter to you, it's decent food for a decent price. But we won't be going back any time soon.
3	Pancake Cafe is a good and decent place for breakfast/brunch in the SW part of town. The prices and portions are very good.My favorite is the veggie omelet with havarti cheese. I don't think I've ever been offered havarti as a cheese choice before! it is yummy and HUGE!As others have stated, there can be very long waits on the weekends.Also, kids eat free for dinner on Saturdays!
4	Standard breakfast food done well (what, they have lunch? Well, I'll never get that deep in the menu). Dependables for me are the strawberry belgian waffle, the eggs benedict, and the small apple pancake with ice cream (more on that later). To get beyond any of those choices, I need to go several times in succession. Haven't been there in a little while. The only drawback is that it's a little more expensive than I'd like for dependable, but not amazing, food.A couple notes: 1) It's very busy on Saturdays and Sundays, but you can call ahead2) The fruit plate is huge. A half size will be plenty to share for a table of four in most cases.3) Get get the *small* apple pancake *with* ice creamApple pancakes:It's not just a pancake. I don't really like pancakes anyway. It's kind of a very substantial baked dutch pancake with apples baked in. It's a dessert breakfast, no doubt about it. Getting it with ice cream is a MUST. Also, unless you're a linebacker for a professional sports team and haven't eaten in a week, there is no way a single person can eat the large apple pancake, so don't even try...it takes 45 minutes to bake anyway.
4	One order of the BEST swedish pancakes w/ lingonberries, please :)Minus one star for the turkey sausage, it tasted a little weird, but overall a great breakfast place that leaves you full (and probably a little fat :)
2	A group of us went here at a friend's request. The wait was ridiculous and the food was pretty terrible. Frankly, if you're looking for good breakfast or brunch in the area, you've got other options.
5	Long waits for Sunday brunch so expect to wait or get there right away if you want to be seated and have food on your table in a decent time frame. If you do end up waiting its worth it. The blueberry pancakes, silver dollar pancakes and most of all, the apple pancake are all to die for! Fresh, hot buttermilk pancakes with endless choices of fillers, batters and toppings. Prices are good, service is fairly quick pending time and day.
4	The Kona coffee is a personal favorite for my coffee for my hubby.  We love the banana crepes and Monte Cristo.  I also love the Chicken strip salad!
2	Really, I don't understand the excellent reviews. While the service was excellent, the food was beyond blah. Average would have been a compliment.Our table of four ordered banana crepes, eggs benedict, pecan waffles, and the Swedish pancakes, and none of the dishes passed muster. The pecan waffles were so sickly sweet, they were cloying. The eggs benedict were not cooked properly (the yolks ooozed) and the  was... weird. The sour cream inside the crepes had a consistency I had never seen before and gave the crepes an odd flavor. And there was nothing "Swedish" about the Swedish pancakes - they were so thin and bubbly that they were almost non-existent, with little flavor. Disappointing. The ligonberries came straight from a jar, the syrup was fake as fake could be, the strawberries were not ripe (despite us still being in berry season!), and the ham came out cold.Again, kudos to our wonderful server. Too bad they're making her serve crap. Cannot recommend, unless you enjoy mediocrity.
1	Today, my girlfriend and I went here for brunch for what will undoubtedly be the last time.  We received what can only be called unrepentantly bad service.  After putting our name in, a half hour went by before a manager asked if we were waiting, apparently we had been forgotten.  Once we were seated, our waiter took our order and delivered our mimosas.  However, the only remaining times he would stop over would be to ask if we needed more water.  Afterward, he neglected to actually bring any water until at least 10 minutes after we had asked for some, far after we were done with our food.  Speaking of food, a significant portion of my order was burnt the point of being inedible.  Our second round of mimosas came in dirty glasses.  There really was nothing redeemable about this experience.
1	I can see how some people are fooled into thinking this place is good.  It sort of has the feel of being a good place.  That is how I felt when we first went there.  The place is very neat and clean but ultimately they have to have good pancakes, which they don't.  We didn't enjoy our first visit as the portions were skimpy and the quality was sub par.   We decided to try them again a while later just to be sure and our experience was reconfirmed with the same bland food, odd tasting fruit salad and skimpy portions.It has now been 1 year and 3 months since we stopped going to this place.   From the reviews that have been posted I can see that the management has their head up their oven hood.  I drop them another star.Places like this that can't get their act together do not deserve to gobble up the market share of other restaurants that know how to do breakfast.Check out Hubbard Diner or Three Sisters in Middleton or The Egg and I on the West Beltline or Original Pancake House for much better food and better service.
3	Omelettes were better than their pancakes which is disappointing to me when they are called the "Pancake Cafe" :( I got the pumpkin pancakes with my veggie omelette and I was let down on the lack of pumpkin in my pancake.... I also was not a fan of the home fries.
5	Pancake Cafe holds a special place in my heart, I've been here several times and tried the famous apple pancake, bacon pancakes, pumpkin pancakes, and lately I've been really in love with their crepes.  They also have delicious thick cut bacon. I'm surprised people don't like the pumpkin pancakes because my boyfriend is crazy about them and gets them every time. Speaking of my boyfriend, we went here on our first date.  To the Yelp-er who said that this is where people take their one night stands... almost fell off my chair laughing at that one.  We went back for our 1 year anniversary, we'll be back for number 2.  :)My one caution is that yes, it is as ridiculously crowded as everyone says it is, so be prepared to wait or go on an week day.
1	Surprised by all the good reviews. I've been here only a couple of times and have been disappointed each time.  There just pancakes...what's the big deal? And why are they SO expensive. Perhaps I should have tried their "famous" pancakes. I think I had strawberry pancakes the last time I was there - nothing exciting, nothing to rave about. And I was short 10+ bucks after the meal...no fun! The dining room is plain. Actually, I can't even remember what this place looks like, that's how plain it was.  I prefer Monty's or Hubbard Ave for a great, cheap, yummy breakfast.
1	I have no idea why Pancake Cafe is the #2 breakfast in Madison-- I can think of plenty of places that have MUCH better food and provide a MUCH better experience. I was there with my partner today and I had the blueberry waffle which cost around $7.  $7 for ONE plain waffle with two tiny scoops of blueberries which were shrivled and presumably defrosted.  I expected blueberries in the batter- nope.  I expected a tasty compote to go on top- nope.  Just wet blueberries. (and only one waffle...)My partner had the 1-2-3 combo.  His bacon had hardly any meat and was nearly all gummy fat.  He upgraded to get pecan pancakes but what a bust-- we had to send back the first order because there were no pecans in the batter.  When he got a true order of pecan pancakes, they were doughy and visibly not cooked through.  The pecans were also very plain- not toasted. My advice?  Don't waste your time or your money at this sterile, unattractive restaurant with sub-par food.  We will never go again.  We recommend Marigold, Lazy Jane's, Daisy's Cafe and Cupcakery, and Bradbury's for excellent breakfasts.  All have interesting atmospheres, better prices for what you get, quality staff (our server was a teenager with her sports bra hanging out of her shirt.  I shouldn't judge but it looked trashy) and most importantly- fresh, delicious food.  If a "zero" star rating were an option, Pancake Cafe would get it from me.
2	I've eaten in a few times and had very mixed experiences.  On a weeknight we have had great food and great service and the same on a weekend.  However we have also had the polar opposite.  At it's best we were seated quickly and had an attentive and happy server, but we had two different experiences where despite calling ahead, our name was missed on the list, the host/manager/server were rude and neglectful and the food was lukewarm and lacking flavor.  I wish I could agree with the number of positive reviews but every time I have gone back expecting a different experience, the difference has been marginal.  I would recommend taking the 15 minute drive downtown to any number of great breakfast or brunch options.  Your food and experience with be much more consistent and unique to Madison.
4	The pancakes are delicious (the best I have had in the Madison area so far). The western baked omlette with chedar cheese is just about the best omlette I have had in my life. The south west omlette was a miss for me...a bit bland, yet spicy.I have eaten here 3 times, so far. I can't wait to try the rest of their menu!
3	good selection in breakfast food and nice atmosphere. Good for family dining and very kid friendly (large boothes to accomodate wiggling & worming). corned beef hash and eggs plate, add on the pumpkin pancakes! Service is hit or miss, unfortunately. Not rude at all, but, the attention to detail and pace of service could be improved. Still best place within 10 miles of me to have breakfast with the family. My rating is in comparison to similar chain establishments (denny's, iHop, etc) that specialize in breakfast.
1	Upon arrival on this lightly crisp Friday morning, my son and i anticipated great things on our first visit to Pancake Cafe since they had left the University Ave location.(our prior visits there were exquisite)Not too heavily trafficked at 8 30 am, the seating was quick, and our server cheery. We received coffee in a hot carafe at our table before our seats even had the chance to get warm. After a short minute, Monica ( our server) reappeared and we requested a minute or two to scan the vast selections ranging from sweet to savory. I was quite excited, scanning thru selections and decided what my taste buds were longing for. I chose the Oven Baked Omelet with Spinach and Feta (which comes with a seriously putrid mushroom "sauce" on the side),Rye toast, and a side of their famous smoked Bacon. My son chose the Eggs Benedict. We also had a accompaniment of 3 buttermilk Pancakes.HERE IS WHERE IS GETS SCARYThe wait for our breakfast was a tad longer then anticipated (approx 20 mins), but not to the point of frustration.  After Monica brought our meals to us, we were excited to dive in, based solely on our past experiences with Pancake Cafe. On my first glance at my plate i had noticed my Omelet was dark and dry, and sadly was. The 3 strips of Bacon (4.95) was cold. Another sadness set in. The Rye Toast had a BURNT EDGE, not dark but Burnt and was surprised this was bypassed and served anyway. This toast was like two dried pieces of cement chiseled off of a highway median. Sadly the rest of the meal digressed just as rapidly as the first impressions.The side of Pancakes reeked and tasted of the griddle oil the hash browns were fried upon, and the "WHIPPED BUTTER" possessed that "old" taste which accompanies dairy goods left too long exposed.THIS IS THE REAL KICKERMy son's Eggs Benedict were a laughable excuse for authentic and poorly executed. Before he even cut into the Poached Egg, sitting upon his Ham Slice and Soggy Muffin, we noticed that the bright yellow, obvious packet made Hollandaise was coagulated and stiff. I was Shocked. But then even after THAT first impression, he cut into this traditional breakfast entree, expecting that gorgeous flow from the golden yolk. BUT  alas that moment never happened. The yolks were hard cooked.This was just too laughable at this point.( We will post photos of this exact meal soon.) So all in all, service was okay ..food was a HUGE disappointment!! Bad Coffee....and horrible sweet syrup. For a Pancake Place, you would think they would have real Maple Syrup. So So Sad. We were very disappointed.  If you are searching for quality food for a great breakfast , I would highly rethink before you decide.
4	Order an omelet, get a side of pancakes.  I love it.  We go hear often when family is visiting from out of town because after taking them here once, they are hooked and want to go back every time.  It is a popular place and even though they have added a lot of space, you might have to wait during prime weekend brunch hours.  Usually its not too long though.  The specialty baked pancakes are really good and kind of fun.  And huge.
5	Who would go to a pancake house for pizza?This was the very best pizza I've had in a long time.  Starting with the crust, down to the hand cut pepperoni.  The crust was light and had great flavor, the sauce perfect, the veggies cut so it looked like a work of art.  Fresh veggies ~ red and green pepper and fresh mushrooms.I've had breakfast here before, which was very good.  The pizza far surpassed my expectations.
2	The first time I went here it was AWESOME and then sadly the next two visits have deteriorated into a two-star rating.  What happened, Pancake Cafe??  You keep getting voted best breakfast in Madison, but the change in quality from early spring 2011 to winter 2011 is utterly ridiculous.  The first time we went, my boyfriend had the corned beef hash and raved about it.  This past visit, he could barely choke it down it was so bland and salty.  Same story for the eggs benedict, with a very bland hollandaise sauce.  I wish it had kept the up the same quality we experienced in the spring, but after this third visit, I'm over it.  Average breakfast at best!
1	I had eaten at this restaurant before and I remember having an ok, but not great experience.  It seems to be a favorite of many people so I figured the Groupon offer would be a good reason to give it another shot.  This will be my last visit to this restaurant.I had a similar experience as another reviewer when trying to make the reservation to use the Groupon.  I called on a Sunday at several different times hoping to get a reservation, but I got no answer.  I also left a message on the answering machine, but still never got a call back.  I did call on a different day and got an answer right away and was able to make the reservation.I went on a Sunday in the early afternoon.  We were seated almost immediately.  I was disappointed that there was no kids activities.  I have started to take for granted that there will at least be crayons and coloring page for my kids.  Fortunately, my kids are a little older now and pretty well behaved so they could amuse themselves.  One of the coffee mugs was dirty.  It took a while for the waitress to come back and get us a replacement.All six of us ordered pancakes, but when our food arrived, the waitress only had a small amount of butter for all of us to share.  We had to request more.  The spinach omelette was ok, but the mushroom sauce looked like someone opened a can of condensed cream of mushroom soup and put it in a bowl.  By the time the butter arrived, my pancakes were barely warm enough to melt butter.  They did not taste very good either.My only consolation is that I was using the Groupon so I did not pay full price for the food.  I felt bad for the people I had invited to join us for breakfast because they ended up paying for food they did not enjoy.  I still do not understand how this place is voted a Madison favorite.  I will stick to the Original House of Pancakes from now on.
1	Can't say this is even close to the Best of Madison. We had awful service and our food was nowhere near best of anything.
1	I'm afraid Gwen needs to get out of Cuba City a little more often, and find some better examples of pizza. My wife and I went last night on a Groupon. I'm sorry to say we had "issues" after. It tasted ok going down (Ok, but there's better to be found), but the fallout period was a strong deterrent. Pancake Cafe has some good breakfast options, but their "PC Pizza" moniker is not ready for public consumption. I generally avoid for breakfast as the service is usually delightfully slow, allowing much time for contemplation as to the compensation package you intend to offer you the service staff.
2	The service here was fairly poor. We had to change tables twice before being seated acceptably (first in a separate room even when the main room was not even half full and then next to the kitchen). After we were finally settled, the waitress was nice enough, but the seating issues ruined the service overall.The food was also only mediocre. In fact, considering the high price (up near $10 per plate), it was pretty bad.Overall, I wouldn't go here again; there are better breakfast places around Madison.
1	Ate there for the first time this morning, what a disappointment, they served me raw eggs and when I complained the waiter was pretty nasty about it. He took them back but he took a long time to bring me new ones and they where burned. If you're in the Madison, WI area, find somewhere else to eat, this place is a disgrace.
4	Pancake Cafe was our favorite place to eat Breakfast when they were in Sun Prairie.  We found the Fitchburg location while taking our daughter to UW-Platteville.    We ate there a few times and were never disappointed.  I have tried something from just about every area of the menu and have never been disappointed.  Now, my daughter graduated about a year ago.  We have not had the opportunity to eat there since then as we live too far away.  It is sad to see the more recent reviews.  I hope management there reads these reviews and puts Pancake Cafe back in the same place they were over a year ago.
3	I always enjoy breakfast here, because there is a huge selection. This place packs up quick though and the staff/waitresses are not always A+. I haven't found myself partial to most of the things on the menu, but I enjoy their baked omelettes, crepes, and hash-browns. It is also worth noting that they do use egg beaters as well which keeps me coming back.
3	Sure, there are better breakfast/brunch places other than Pancake Cafe. Service is definitely slow, but it's got most of the breakfast items you'd expect. Nothing original, but it's good nonetheless. Pancake Cafe definitely doesn't stinge on the quantity per plate. You'd come out stuffed. The apple pancake and the German pancake are pretty good and huge in size. Their Belgian waffles are mediocre, as are their crepes. The regular breakfast items, such as eggs and breakfast meats, could be better, but it's not bad.Overall, Pancake Cafe is average. It's not located in a busy part of town, so I'd say this  is probably one of the better places within a 10 mile radius. Just be prepared to slow service.
3	Not bad for a breakfast place.  We had a large group of 10, and they easily accomodated us and did not care when we grabbed two more chairs off a nearby table when two more showed up.  I thought a few of their menu items were definitely original, such as the bacon stuffed waffles and some of their crepes.  I ordered the banana crepes and left stuffed and satisfied.  It was definitely enough food.  The price was about what you'd expect to pay- I'm trying to find a cheaper breakfast place that serves good food.  The service was a little slow.  We probably waited at least 30 minutes if not more for our food.  I was confused on payment- if you pay in cash, you have to pay up front and that was not explained when we got our checks.  Overall, I would try this place again.
3	I went to the Pancake Cafe this morning(Sat) for a group breakfast (11 people).Facility--A+Cleanliness--AHostess---AService--C-Food--C+Value--C-  Prices about 25% higher than scale for MadisonOverall Experience--BThe only thing I didn't like there was that they add an automatic 20% surcharge as they do not trust people to leave a TIP on their own--I find this off-putting The staff seemed very friendly but our server clearly had too many tops and did not have the time needed to even refill one cup of coffee.
5	Sooo... Pretty much one of the most fantastic places in fitchburg and I love it. Bacon Pancakes? Umm yes please. They have every type of breakfast food under the sun. Omlets and Pancakes, to Crepes O Chocolat. You can build your own or get something standard. It's in kind of in a hidden area so you gotta know where it is. Furthermore this place does get pretty busy for sunday brunch or brunch in general. The staff is SUPER fast (if your there at a good time and not when church lets out) and everyone just seems to have a blast when they're there. I love this little hidden Gem and everyone should go and enjoy it!
2	Meh.Three hostesses, and yet they lost our entry on the waiting list.Everything we ordered felt rushed. Poached eggs medium came with runny whites (ew!).  The hash browns were limp, despite having a brown crust.  Belgian waffle was dense and soggy.The bacon was decent, and the coffee was respectable.  That's not enough reason to wait an hour and spend $13/plate on mediocre food.They were once decent - not spectacular, but decent - on past visits, but I've noted a steady decline.  In the unlikely occurrence that I return, I fear next time the rating will be lower.
4	You can't really go wrong with The Pancake Cafe!  The food is always good and the staff is nothing but friendly.  I came here last weekend for breakfast and got the corned beef hash with eggs, hashbrown's and pancakes for like $9.00!  The food was good and the service is consistently good.  My buddy wasn't so happy however!  He ordered the corned beef hash also but he ordered the Swedish pancakes instead.  We laughed because the pancake looked more like pancake skin instead of actual pancakes!  On the plus side the berries on the side were really good.I have tried a few other things on their menu such as their bacon pancakes and their ham and eggs and love both items!  They also seriously have THE best orange juice ever!  It is fresh squeezed and never sour!I come to The Pancake Cafe every few months but don't go too often because the wait is usually really long.  They offer Groupons pretty often so I think that definitely contributes to the long wait times.  The trick here is to go really early to avoid the lines!
1	I came with high expectations - and I left with a bad taste in my mouth.I should start off by saying I am on gluten-free diet, not by choice. It took me 3 tries to finally get an answer as to what the GF pancakes are made of - and thankfully, on the third try, the wait person came out with the bag of GF flour that they use. They had said that there are no nuts in the GF pancakes, however, the GF flour that they use has almond flour in it. So, if you allergic to nuts - do not eat the GF pancakes!I ordered the Huevos Rancheros and my partner, who is not GF,  ordered the pecan waffles. I asked for ketchup - and out came this very generic brand. Call me a snob, but anything that is not Heinz will just not do. Heinz ketchup is really the only palatable ketchup that there is, and it is very delicious at that. I was enjoying my Huevos, until just about towards the end, I was getting a couple bites that tasted really off - like maybe the salsa was really old and past its due date. The hash browns are nothing to write home about. My partner's waffles were on the small side for what they charge. He thought they were delicious, but today, he is paying the price dearly, with a touch of food poison. We're not sure if it's because of the Pancake Cafe, but it is a strong coincidence.The decor is very outdated, with old shabby carpeting. Service, however, was very good. We didn't wait too long for our table and food, and wait staff and hostess were very friendly. I feel, however, like emphasis is not placed too highly on the quality of food that they serve - although, if you do want quality food here and you are not allergic to nuts, I would order the GF items. They use an excellent brand of GF flour.
1	What in the world happened to this place?  The food was never that spectacular - the standard Denny's or IHOP menu with better quality ingredients.  Now the line for the place is out the door as people wait for mediocre food.  The worst part is that the wait is SOLELY due to poor wait staff.  The service is just about as bad as it can get.It literally takes 10-15 minutes to take and fill a drink order.  Then another 20 minutes to fill the food orders.  People should be flying through a breakfast diner since the food isn't difficult to prepare and should be extremely fast.  Instead this place is bottlenecked by poor service.If you're looking for a breakfast joint, don't think that you're getting a better experience or extraordinarily better food because of the wait.  Hit up an IHOP or, better yet, if you're in the City by Camp Randall, check out Mickey's Dairy Bar.
3	I've been here a few times, and each time the food has been pretty good. Nothing spectacular, but pretty good. Here are my pros and cons:Pros: -the egg dishes are quite good, and you can get pancakes instead of toast, so it's a win-win-they give you a whole pot when you order coffee, and the coffee is decent. They also give you real cream, no fake creamer stuff.-big space, so you never have to wait crazy long to be seated, even when it's quite crowded-I've never had bad service here. In fact, when I last went, they have me a large baked apple pancake rather than a small because they claimed I had waited too long for it (I hadn't even noticed!). Cons:-they must be renovating, and the last two times I've been there I've been seated in these weird rooms that feel like half-finished meeting rooms in a hotel...they need to take care of that because it definitely takes away from the potential coziness of the place.-a side of bacon is almost $4. It's yummy bacon, but nonetheless.
4	This is the place to be for breakfast in Fitchburg.  They have an extreme variety of pancakes...might take a bit to narrow it down.  The coffee is great and the fresh squeezed OJ is a nice treat.  Contrary to other reviews, the hashbrowns  are great! Crispy without being greasy.  Only con is that on weekend mornings the wait can be a bit much.
3	I've been here many, many times for Saturday breakfast after roller derby practice. We usually have a large group (8-12 derby girls) and they never have a problem accommodating. Even with such a large group, we typically wait only 5-10 minutes for a table (except Groupon weekend...).The Pancake Cafe has a HUGE menu, which can be overwhelming. As Kara W mentioned, they have some original menu items in addition to breakfast staples. Their omelets are good, oven baked, and they offer a nice variety of cheese choices for the omelets. Plates are bountiful and prices are reasonable for the quantity of food. Nothing is gourmet or completely WOW, but you know you'll get a solid breakfast. Service is friendly but slow at times. Ask for a pot of coffee for your table to "refill your own."
2	Used to be better. Bad service now, resulting in cold food and no refills. Also, the bus boy parked a very dirty and reeking cart right next to us while he cleaned the adjacent table. After telling all this to the staff while paying (10-minute wait in line just to pay), they said they were sorry - that's it. I'll probably go somewhere else from now on.
3	Dont miss the Orange juice
4	I love their pancake. It's close to my house and I go there almost every weekend.
2	This place isn't bad. But there's really nothing that makes it any better than any other breakfast place. It's like an overpriced IHOP... Not that I'm dissing IHOP, I like it just fine. There's just nothing special. Pancake Cafe does have great thick cut bacon, but a lot of dishes don't come with it and its super expensive if you get it a la carte.The wait at Pancake Cafe on a weekend morning is borderline unbearable. Expect a 45 minute wait on a Sunday for brunch.. And it just isn't worth it.
2	Living in the area(and loving breakfast) I totally wish I could like this place. I just can't do it.I feel that Pancake Cafe is a more quantity over quality establishment. Yes, you get a crazy amount of food...but it isn't even good enough to make me want to take my leftovers.It weirds me out that the omelets  come out so toasty brown. By the time an egg gets brown it is wayyyyy overcooked. The puffy, dry texture is strange. I like a light, airy, MOIST egg. The veggie crepes I got were filled with a heavy, fake tasting cheese sauce--and were supposed to be covered in hollandaise but I thankfully had asked to get it on the side. My crepes would have been soup, and the poor spinach and mushrooms were already having a tough time of it in their cheese goo. We also got a side of crazy expensive bacon--which was so thick that it was more chewy than crispy and not worth the cash.Maybe I should try the pancakes?
2	Not good. I came here for a birthday brunch and was disappointed. The menu sounded amazing, but the omelets were bland and rubbery. I had to douse my ham and cheese omelet in hot sauce and salt--something I'd rather not do. A few people in our group ordered the pancakes, which looked (and tasted) amazing. I probably won't be back, but if I returned I would be ordering the pancakes for sure.
1	The Pancake Cafe was once a wonderful restaurant, but over the past year the quality and service have declined. I went with a group of friends on a Saturday in December 2013 and ordered a dish with sausage gravy, my favorite guilty treat. I was surprised by the awful taste; it might have been spoiled, or someone might have accidentally tipped-in some cleaning fluid. Yes, it was that bad.  I was a guest and I didn't want to make our hostess feel uncomfortable, so I did not send it back.  Two months later I went with my husband for an early lunch. The taste and temperature of the food was just OK, and the service was slow, wait times long. The lunch crowd was just starting to arrive when we were leaving, so it was not busy while we were there. My last and final visit was with a friend, about 3 months ago.  Once more the service was slow.  My friend ordered something complicated, and I ordered a simple short stack of pancakes. I think the kitchen started cooking everything at the same time because my friend's meal looked hot and delicious and I was served three cold, rubbery pancakes. I didn't want to complain while on an outing with a friend who comes to town every 18 months or so I toughed it out, literally.  Three strikes, they are out.
4	We were in Fitchburg for the first ever Fitchburg Flea Market on Sunday and decided to stop by the Pancake Cafe for brunch.  The restaurant was busy, but we were seated immediately at a large booth in the "upstairs" section (which is really just raised up from the rest of the seating. This was perfect for my family with 3 potentially rowdy kids.My kids shared a half order of chocolate chip pancakes (three total) which was the perfect amount for them. I didn't try them, but they looked delicious. (I posted a photo...see for yourself!) I had the Southwestern Omelette which was pretty okay.  It didn't have a ton of flavor, but some salt, pepper and sour cream helped.  The hash browns were perfect, and I also chose toast as my other side, which was some very tasty sourdough or something of the sort - not your typical restaurant white bread. The orange juice was clearly fresh and had great flavor.My husband had eggs, meat, hash browns, toast, etc.  He, the man of many words, said it was good.  That's all I could get out of him. ;)So - the food was decent. Not amazing, but totally acceptable.  What really stood out to me, however, was the service. Every single person we encountered working at the Pancake Cafe had a smile on their face. Our waitress was incredibly helpful. She brought our baby a dish of applesauce at no cost and was the one that informed us that we should probably just get half order of pancakes for our kids. She checked on us exactly enough to be helpful but not overbearing, and she was very quick with the check and the payment, which is always appreciated when you have lots of kids who are finished eating and ready to go!! The hostess was nice and waited for us as we slowly made our way to the table. A bus boy stopped by our table to compliment us on our cute baby. We even heard someone singing away in the kitchen as they cooked, which tells me they must be pretty happy at their job.  So - is the Pancake Cafe the best breakfast restaurant in town?  No - but it's a great place to take your family. They have tons of options and excellent service and the next time we are in Fitchburg we will probably go back.
3	Went here for the first time today.  The service was very nice and friendly and there was no wait, since it's a weekday.  I am picky about coffee and theirs is surprisingly good.  They give you bizarrely huge quantities of food, and the scrambled egg was fine, but the pancakes and hash browns seemed undercooked.  When I make pancakes, the first batch always comes out like this, usually because the pan isn't hot enough, and then each batch after that comes out just fine.  These were like first-batch pancakes, doughy and a little dry.  The hash browns had just a bit of color on the outside and were a little mushy inside.  I like them crispy, but maybe that's just a matter of taste.  So, overall, very friendly place, big quantities of food, great for kids and families, good coffee, but the food was so-so.
4	Great food at typical Madison prices. The weekends are crazy and you can expect a wait, but the food makes up for it.
2	Meh.I've eaten in here a handful of times and more recently pick up take-out, as it opens early and trying to eat in public with a toddler is usually a disaster.  We live in Fitchburg, and it is one of the few breakfast options.Every time I get their food, I wish I had just cooked at home.  The pancakes are uninspired.  The fresh strawberries topping them weren't very appealing, and even my toddler cast some of them aside saying "Yucky."The spinach mushroom crepes were soupy and bland.  I'm not expecting potato pancakes to be on par with those of my polish grandmother's, but these were hardly worth eating.The best part of my meal this morning was a sausage patty, which I unfortunately paid $3 for.Drive the extra miles and go to OPH.  I have never left there without a full belly and a smile.
2	I've been to this location several times and to go. The restaurant is clean and has friendly staff. However, the food is not worth the prices they charge. The last time we had to go, I had the spinach hollandaise crepes. The crepes tasted fine, but they barely put any hollandaise sauce on. There might have been a teaspoon for two crepes. The spinach on the insides looked brown and tasted old or frozen. We also ordered a side of sausage. We were charged $4.00 for 1 patty...that's ridiculous!  The strawberry pancakes were the only saving grace. There was a nice helping of fresh strawberries, but the pancakes were nothing special. I can make better pancakes at home. Save your money and go to the Original Pancake House. You'll thank me for it.
4	This place gets four stars because of the bacon. When we walked in, the host team was smiles and bubbles and rainbows, good thing too, because our server was not. She was a bit pushy and took my SO's plate while he was still eating. "Do you want a box or can I get that out of your way?" There was definitely a third option. But this place had magical, beautiful bacon.  Thick and juicy, beautiful bacon.
1	This is probably the worst breakfast place in the whole Madison area.Even McDonald's pancakes taste better, and at a third of the price!bottom line, one star food at two dollar signs price.If you are looking for a better place at a reasonable price in Verona, go to the HyVee restaurant (just next to the HyVee grocery store).
2	Not aweful and a strong step above a corporate chain but very hard to compare to the other stellar options in the area.  If you like a baked omelet this is your place!
2	I found the food to be mediocre. Plus I ordered an egg dish and I realized after I left that these were supposed to come with a side of pancakes but I didn't get them
3	We went there this morning.  This was the third time that I have eaten there for breakfast, and I have to say, I am always a little disappointed.  To be specific, I want their hash browns to be brown and for the pancakes to not be chewy.  I think that the establishment is clean and sunny, but the bathrooms could use a little more attention.  Now that I went and got myself all revved up, I may as well mention that we had to wait 20 minutes for a table and the coffee is pretty bitter.  Their bacon is thick and AMAZING though!!!
3	Overall it's just another joint.  I have no problem getting breakfast here, but people seriously overrate the experience and the food quality.The fact that it becomes a circus on weekend mornings doesn't help things.  The last time I went, the wait staff were completely overwhelmed.  Result: slow, hectic service.  People sitting all over the entry way, or just standing around waiting for seating.  Not a good way to spend a relaxing Saturday or Sunday morning.There is nothing particularly wrong with the food, but let's inject a little reality into the hype.  It is nothing special.  A few items are yummy but then again, most breakfast restaurants have a specialty or two with some wow-factor happening.Yes, I will probably return because there are few breakfast options like it in Fitchburg.  If there was, though, I would choose to go elsewhere.
5	My wife and I love to come here on our way to Madison. It's our favorite breakfast place! We have never had lunch here before but out of all the times we have been here we have never been disappointed. The serving sizes are big, the food is tasty, tasty, the staff is courteous I recommend that you give them a try!
2	I showed up at the Pancake Cafe for a late brunch on a Saturday at 2:30 PM. There were a few people eating in the dining room. I stood in the lobby for about 7 min and was not helped or seated. Within this whole time, I did not see a single employee. I ended up leaving and going somewhere else. I do want to try the Pancake Cafe sometime, so I plan on going back. I hope I can update my review with a more positive experience after that. :)
