4	Why can't every Monday feel like this? As a long time member of the LV Athletic Club I attended the Grand Opening May 19th and had one of the best workouts ever. First the complaints; walking in the door I was met with the smell of cooking bacon and fresh paint. Why? Bacon? Really? Come on. One of the fitness instructors was wearing strong patchuli, twenty feet away is too strong, and the graphics are over ten years old, although thankfully aren't twenty feet tall. Lastly, the free weight area is overfilled with benchs and inclines, doesn't anyone lift free weights while standing up any more? They must have ordered too many and felt funny putting some in the storage closet.Not a compliment or complaint, the urinals are obviously large porcelain female privates. Everyone's thinking it, I'm saying it.Now the outstanding parts; Marpo Kinetics Viper Rope Climber! Where has this been all my life? I was a fat kid in school and could never climb the rope, now comes my redemption in the form of an exercise machine, fully adjustable and it can be used for aerobic exercise or weightlifting. My favorite and it made my back boobs sore the next day. The next machine is the new Nautilus One Abdominal Crunch. It feels like you're crunching from your chin to your knees. To make it really killer, only move when you're breathing out and hold your gut in, it's a killer and a trick I learned from Reformer training. Just awesome. They also have Don M. who is the best Yoga instructor I've ever seen.Prices are roughly half that of 24 hour fitness, they're located all over, and since we don't have a premium health club like some other cities, this is the best choice for quality and price you can make.
3	This is the newest LVAC. They don't limit membership so this place gets crazy crowed, don't be surprised if you have to wait to get on every machine you want use. Also this is more of a gym that you go to once you are already in shape, truthfully you will feel out of place if you go in there and are fat. Also this is in the nicer part of Vegas so there is lot of decent places to eat and shop right around the gym. Unlike the other LVAC's they don't have tanning places and store in the gym but they are in the same strip mall. A couple words of advice, do not go there and expect to casually socialize the emphasis is on training hard here. Also do not try to make friendly conversation when people are trying to workout or when your in the steam room/locker rooms as you will likely irritate other members.  They do have a good kids area so you can drop off the little ones when your working out, never had a problem here as the caregiver are very good and will page you right away if anything comes up.
4	LVAC on Flamingo .aka. the "Pretty Gym". Most of the people that work out at this gym are already in shape, I feel so out of place, just like one of the other Yelpers. You have the guys that look like steroid users and then the girls that look like they work at Deja Vu, I don't mean to stereotype but how else are you going to get the picture? I personally don't care, yea, they look good and I need a LOT of work, but seriously, we're all there for the same reason, it's just going to take more time for myself lol oh well! The gym and locker rooms are well maintained, the machines don't smell like butt and most times, if a machine needs attention, the people that work out here are pretty good about letting management know. My only gripe is that they need to MOVE THE FOOD STAND ELSE WHERE. Right when you walk in, you smell food, and it smells pretty good. I'm coming here to work off the crap I just ate and now they're tempting me with more crap to eat! Boo! There are a variety of amenities that you're able to take advantage of, of course, certain thing may cost a little more but prices are still pretty good compared to other gyms. They have racket ball courts, indoor track, women's workout room, steam room, indoor pool, spin classes, zumba classes, really, a lot of classes. Their classes are pretty cool, you're able to join in any of the classes no matter what level you are, you don't have to wait for an 'advanced' or 'beginners' class, you go in and you go at your own pace. Another amenity that's available for parents of young children is that they have a play room where they can watch your kids. I've seen infants in there and I think that the oldest age that you can take there is 12. Monitors are inside the gym, so you're able to check in on them without having to walk all the way over there. After the gym, I like the fact that there's a Tropical Smoothie right across the street and they offer a 10% discount to LVAC members. I like this gym, just move the food some where else, PLEASE.
4	Oh man! I am in love with this gym! I'm from San Jose but needed to work out on my vacation. I purchased a 50 dollar week pass. A bit expensive but when it boils down to it, it's 10 dollars a day. I go to 24hr fitness in San Jose and it has nothing on this GYM! There are probably about 200 cardio machines such as the elliptical, stationary bike, stair climber, etc. And there's tv's on some of them as well as a larger tv in front of the cardio area. BAM! One thing that I really liked was the indoor track. I instantly drooled! I really wish they had this in San Jose. Granted, the track was 6.25 laps to a mile.. but still, it was nice! They also had 2 large rooms for classes which was nice. I'll probably have to try one before I leave.They also have a really good juice and food bar downstairs. The only bad thing.. the smell of teriyaki bowls and paninis make it was upstairs. MAKING ME SUPER UBER HUNGRY. I tried the shakes which were absolutely divine!You get my approval LVAC.
5	I love this gym! It's big, lots of equipment, clean, lots of parking space & the employees are really friendly. It doesn't have that that musky smell like 24hour fitness does. I love how they have a track. They have a good sized pool, jacuzzi &  clean showers.  There's even a daycare service for your children but you have to pay extra. The only thing that sucks is that there's a contract. You can save money, if you pay 3 years in advance. Once you start going to this gym, I don't see why you'd wanna go to any other ones here in Vegas.
3	I joined LVAC at this particular location after I decided that the 24hour fitness clubs close to where I live was not up to my standards.Reasons to love this LVAC:1. Pretty Pretty Pretty - no, not the people but the place. Clean, the locker rooms have granite all over, the lighting is good, there is an explosion of flat screen TVs around the place...aesthetically it's very pleasing2. People - there are some ridiculously fit people here that on some days, motivate me to stay the extra 10 minutes on my machine so that I can aspire to that washboard ab3. Classes - Myriad of classes. There are so many of them at mostly all times of the day. They are free to members4. TVs- A fair number of the cardio machines have personal TVs attached to them. For everyone else there is the plethora of flat screen TVs on each wall5. Women's Gym - Sometimes you just need some girl power. Nice to have the option6. Racquetball Courts - I don't use them but am assuming people doReasons to be "BLEH" about this LVAC:1. People - There is something about working out next to people with faces caked full of makeup, unreal proportions and tendencies to flirt all the time that is quite disconcerting2. Crowds - I arrived for a 9.15am spin class at 8.45am on a Sunday morning and more than 75% of the bikes had been taken. Peak hours can be a nightmare to get a machine/spot in a class. There is no way to reserve machines/spots and it's kind of annoying 3. Policy you need to sign - They make you/any visitor sign this document before you enter the gym absolving LVAC of any responsibilities if you are injured. Pretty standard right? EXCEPT that LVAC's policy says that they are absolved of all responsibilities even if the injury was clearly as a result of their negligence. A bit irritated to sign a document like that. My husband refuses to and thus is still a member at 24hourAll in all, I'm not as stoked today as I was a year or so ago when I joined LVAC.
4	So I have been wanting to find a gym that I feel "comfortable" and have great hours.  Well, this gym pretty much did this for me.The fact that it is open 24 hours a day, 365 days a year is great so you can go anytime you want.  The only down side- this place is packed constantly.  I am still trying to find a time where its less busy, but when you live in Las Vegas- I doubt that is possible.They have a women's only gym on the first floor as well as a weight room that I have only seen dudes in.  They have massive amounts of cardio machines on the top floor as well as rooms for instructor classes.  From what I remember you can go to any classes for free and you can meet with a trainer (once a month) for free.  Pretty nice.  I'm on a challenge right now- going to the gym everyday for the next 3 weeks (before I make a trip) so if you see me- say hello! :)
4	So I guess now that I'm the "Duke" of this place, I should review it. I rejoined LVAC last fall. Before that, I was a member several years ago. Back then, they didn't have these newer locations. I mainly went to the West Sahara gym and that place was just OK.Now that they've opened the locations on North Rainbow, South Eastern, and West Flamingo, I'd have to say that LVAC is *the* premiere gym in the Las Vegas area. In particular, I think this location is easily the best of all. It's not as open-air as the Rainbow building, but I think the layout just makes more sense. Plus, I think it has the largest group exercise room of out of all the locations. I like to take kickboxing classes and the ones here never feel cramped, no matter how popular the session.Speaking of which, that's one thing that really shines about LVAC. Their selection of classes is unmatched. I recommend Alan Giron's 8Strikes kickboxing class if you want a hardcore cardio workout.In reading other reviews, I find it funny that people call this the "pretty gym." I never really thought about it, but they're probably right. LVAC does have its lion share of eye candy. That can't be a bad thing, unless it distracts you from the real reason you joined a gym.
3	Bottom line: When I asked how many members Las Vegas Athletic Clubs has, I was told "over 20,000." There are SIX clubs. These are the most crowded gyms I have ever been to. The equipment is relatively new and the facilities clean.Look - If you're looking to bust out some mean curls while watching other UFC-esk large steroid dudes put up some mean weight on the bench, this place is for you! If you'd rather skip the 3 protein shakes and go for a gym thats a bit more calm, I'd go with 24 hour fitness on Town Center or Rainbow, which are the same price and NO 2 year contract.
4	I've always liked this gym. I've been a member since I was 18 and except for my hiatus when I moved out of town for college, I still like it. Their group fitness classes are awesome. From Spin with Michelle or Ray to kickboxing with Alan G. it's the place to be to work up a sweat! I also like the fact that there's a separate women's gym. No need for me to feel awkward with all of the buff women and men in the ATC.
4	I had been a member of 24 Hour Fitness since I was 15 years old, but upon moving to Las Vegas when I was 25, I discovered that the facilities were not that great. Also, I love to run out doors and in Vegas that's not enjoyable in the summer months. I canceled my membership at 24HF and started working out in my community club house gym, but was strapped to a treadmill for the 3 hot months of the year. Last year my friend and work out partner joined LVAC to step up her getting back in shape after having 3 kids in 3 years. I decided to join as well to be moral support and continue working out together. I was looking forward to using the indoor track and also having a larger supply of weights and machines than our club house gym had available. Pros: - you can cater your membership to your needs. Standard or some add on features like towel service, kid care, monthly trainer session, racquetball, etc. - I prepaid for my membership contract and received an additional discount off the monthly price. - large locker room, always a locker available - group Exercise classes (see below) - indoor track Cons: - gym has so many members and employees that it seems impersonal even though I'm in there many times per week - the weight room down stairs always has a funky smell. We say it smells like fromunda cheese...Urban Dictionary that one :) - some of the group exercise instructors are not as good as the others I'm a big fan of the group exercise classes. And NO I don't think Zumba qualifies as exercise. But to each his own. I like Body Pump, Boot Camp and Spin. Sunday 9:30 am Body Pump with Ingrid, she is by far the BEST instructor this gym has! MWF 5:30 Body Pump instructors rock it as well. Boot Camp on Wed at 6:45 Ray is good, but wish he would switch up the routine a little, it gets very redundant. Either way this gym has it's pros and cons like every gym, and it has busy and slower times, but overall it's a great place to go and work out.
1	Wow, this place sucks. I wouldn't recommend this gym to anyone but an enemy. Besides the overcrowded facilities and broken machines everywhere, the billing staff is completely unhelpful. My bank changed hands and I was given new account numbers, which resulted in my autopayments not going through. They wanted to charge me $20 for this error as an "inconvenience fee." When I explained the problem they told me it wasn't their fault and to tell my bank they owe me the money for the fee. That is silly. I told the person I'd go deal with it in person and guess what? The two days that have gone by were another billing cycle. Now I owe $40 on top of my membership fees. I wound up paying them and canceling my membership because of it. I
5	Whoa. Where to begin...The facility is huge - as in shopping mall huge. There are two levels containing every weight lifting and cardio machine imaginable.The locker room is huge, and has a fan/dryer that is above eye level, allowing you to air dry after showering.There is free valet parking. Before hating ("Why go to the gym if you're going to valet OMG!"), consider that there is child care. Parents can park in front of the gym, drop their kids off for three hours, and get their swole one. How cool is that?The gym rate is also low. I was with a friend under a guest pass, but he told me that it's only $19.99 a month.This gym is highly recommended, as I'm a gym rat who has been around. My friend and his wife are fitness competitors, and they train their with their pro bodybuilding personal trainer. Anyone who has a clue about gyms is cool on this place. Any low-rate review is whack - probably by someone who lacks the dedication to even show up for a workout - let alone train with any intensity.
4	I was doing so well with my weight loss before my vacation to Sydney Australia.  I had lost 15lbs by just doing the kickboxing classes and eating small portions through out the day.  So, I was happy to have gotten to my favorite city in the whole wide world with a decent bod, thanks to LVAC.Now that I have come back, I regained all my weight.  Blah!  Can't say that Thanksgiving week and being the Christmas holiday's has nothing to do with my dilemma.  Because of this, I've decided to start working out again and attempt to lose my 15lbs to 20lbs by January 8, 2010.  I don't think this is a realistic goal, but I have faith in LVAC to help me with this.I chose LVAC because of the convenience from home and work.  And, my cousins works out here too and the company is great when our schedules mesh.  If I just want to be by myself, people here are great enough not to bother me while I work out.  If this was the case, I'd just leave the machine and move to another one as I'm not there to mingle.  Or, I would go to the Women's Only section where there are cardio machines and weights only women can use.  Plus, if a female is shy it's definitely great to work out here.Another reason is because of the different variety of classes they have for me to choose from.  The classes can range from Zumba, Spin, Body Combat, Kick Box, Pilates, Yoga, etc.  If I don't feel like cardio, there are also different rooms with different styles of weights, what ever it is I desire it's there.  An added bonus is their lap pool with jacuzzi, bathrooms with saunas, and showers for every member to use in case they want to go straight to work or party after a tiresome work out.Plus the entertainment is great.  I'm not just talking about the TV that's built in with the cardio machines but between members and employees and members.  You gotta love how it's somewhat of a meat market.  Women with tons of make up on and skimpy work out clothes for men to gawk at.  If gawking isn't enough, how they flirt with one another is even funnier.  If you're lucky, you'll witness an awesome rejection by a beautiful model looking female being hit on by a guy who thinks he's all that and some!  lolDefinitely, they have everything here.  I can honestly say there's never a dull moment.  Oh, and as for the employees they do their job and what is just expected of them.  But, what can you expect from employees who's sole purpose is to just swipe your card and remind you of a past due payment?  Not much but just that.  But, they can be friendly and acknowledge you if they're not busy with a conversation with their peers behind that swiping front desk of theirs.How I love this gym!
5	My home away from home!Of all the gyms I've ever been a member of, LVAC is definitely my favorite of the bunch!  Tons of cardio and weight machines, free weights, and classes.  You really can't go wrong with all the choices you're presented with here.  Hell, even the locker rooms are awesome!  Great facilities, marble benches, plenty of lockers, and it's always clean which is a huge plus.Did I mention tons of machines!  It's like SkyNet took over and made a gym.  Every cardio machine is here, from your basic treadmill to several different types of elliptical's, and everything in between.  About half of them even have TV screens attached to them so you can veg out while getting your cardio in.Then weight machines for every group of muscles in your body.  There are machines that work out muscles you didn't even know you had!  And the free-weight room is huge, with barbells from 5 to 150 lbs, plus weight benches and racks for everything you'd need.They also have a few racketball courts, an indoor track, indoor swimming pool, saunas and stream rooms, & full shower set-ups.  And there's also a women's only section downstairs, as well as a supervised kids playroom area.The staff is very friendly too!  If you need help with anything it's just a simple ask away.  Plenty of parking as well, including free valet.  And a juice/food bar downstairs that is very handy.  I honestly think it's the best money anyone could ever spend in a month!
2	I thought about joining this gym. Went in for a tour and there's no doubt the place looks great. It's huge, has equipment that looks new and is in great condition, an impressive wall of TVs in the cardio area, and plenty of eye candy. Unfortunately, the sales guy was a douche. I felt like I was at a car dealership the way he was constantly trying to upsell me and by the way he was scribbling illegible words and numbers on a sheet of paper. He even left to talk to his manager. No thanks. No amount of fake boobs will make me want to join this place.I also took a look at their childcare center. Also impressive looking, but it looked like the place was run by a bunch of really young girls who I wouldn't trust to super-size my meal correctly, let alone watch my son.
4	I think I owe it to LVAC to write an update to my review. The facility is top notch, machines are all in great condition, many machines have personal TVs and the women's workout room is a welcome retreat for me especially when I want to use the weight machines. There are still women with too much makeup and men who are trying to flirt with these women but hey, we live in Vegas. Gotta live with that. All in all, my membership is dirt cheap, the facility is clean and well maintained, classes are plenty, instructors are capable and the club is truly open 24 hours, 365 days a year. Part of my newfound appreciation for LVAC in W Flamingo might be the fact that I work out early in the mornings where the crowds are less and the hedonism a little less pronounced than perhaps at other times of the day :)
4	As a fatass who started 6 months ago and was beginning to see results but then stopped going entirely for 2 months, and after those 2 months only went sporadically, I'm not sure if I even have a right to say anything about a gym now, but I just started going more frequently again and definitely plan to see some significant results by summertime so here goes.This place is huge. The first floor consists of the lobby, healthy cafe/juice bar, Advanced Training Center, pool/steam room/sauna area, Women's Gym and lockers. The 2nd floor is where the cardio machines, classrooms and strength-training equipment is. I really like how there's so much space between everything.Here's a gripe I have though: The locker room is really awkward. I think there really should be curtains over the showers in the men's showering area as you can easily see the whole entire showering area as you walk past it to the bathroom. Just throwing that out there. Cardio: Wide variety. 1 row of cycles, 2-3 rows of treadmills, 1 row of stairs, and 3-4 rows of ellipticals, cross ramps and other related machines. My personal favorite is the crossramp as I can burn 100 calories on that in under 10 minutes, now if only I had the endurance to last longer than that. I used to attend a Bodycombat class which was great (and part of the reason why I was beginning to see results). Unfortunately, unfortunate things happened and I fell off track. Thanks to my current schedule, can't attend that class, but I feel I should get back into kickboxing/Bodycombat as that really did help a great deal. Overall, this is a great gym with a wide variety of stuff for everyone. Likely, I'll update when I get off my lazy ass, start going regularly again and begin to see results.
4	This is a solid gym, I don't see why people would give it anything less than 4 stars. This place has everything from in-door pool, in-door track, separate rooms for free weights and machines galore. Some people complain about over crowding but if a machine you want is used, then use the next one and come back or run around the in-door track. Overall it's a good gym, only thing I don't like is food being cooked and served inside the gym. I really don't want to smell food cooking when I'm working out. - 1 star for that. Other than that service is decent but I'm there to work out not chit chat so that doesn't really matter to me.
5	I told myself that I would never leave 24hrs fitness to join a douchebag gym, haha damn I failed!  What's next for me? Ed Hardy t-shirts?  But you know what though, this is like 10x better than any 24hrs sports I've been too without paying outrageous startup up fees and monthly dues.Wow, so this is how its like to see weights organized unlike my previous gym where people did not give a damn where they put it back, if they even put it back at all.  Open 24 hrs and has a juice bar open 24hrs as well.  Very convenient to get a protein shake after my workout without having to drive elsewhere.  First floor has the free weights, and a women's only gym which is nice because the cameltoes distraction is out of sight.  Upper level includes cardio related equipments and machines along with weight training machines which are mechanically assisted unlike the free weights downstairs which are for the big dogs like me! (yea right i'm only 160pnds).  I advice never go here 5pm - 10pm because it is crowded as hell, yes hell is crowded.Another thing I like is that they provide towels for you at the front door.  2 lane swimming pools and a racquet ball area.  There are many free classes also to choose from in the aerobics classroom area.  Why didn't I join awhile ago, would have been such a gas saver since i live nearby too.  Salesperson dude did not hassle me at all about my option since I'm already in shape visually and coming from 24hrs fitness, he knew I came in with a decision already made of what I wanted already unlike 24hrs which scared away my friend from joining because the guy hassled the crap out of her.No regrets at all but still keeping my 24hrs Fitness for good use when I'm out of town or doing long road trips because I use it as my shower and self hygiene stops along the way.
4	This location is [super] nice and clean! Indoor pool, indoor sauna, indoor track, and even a private lift room for the women who didn't want to be working out next to sweaty, grunting manly men! The private lift room for women was one of my favorites, just because it was never too crowded in there and there was enough equipment provided that I could get my workouts done in the room efficiently.This location was [always] busy at the times I went (which were usually either after work at night, or early in the mornings around 10-12PM). I would go as far as saying this is also a great place to meet new people and get some workout tips in passing. This location provides pilates/zumba classes and personal trainers as well. The only thing I [do] contest is the juice bar. LVAC on Sahara has more variety in their protein drinks than this one!
4	The gym is clean and huge. But there's also an awful lot of crime going on in there. This past month alone, 60 lockers were broken into inside the men's locker room. They have, however, made an arrest. Cars also get broken into frequently in the parking lot. Other than that, it's a good dgym.
4	new, clean, the equipment is maintained and most of the classes are ideal - what else can a gal ask for at the gym?
1	Tried going here since I moved closer to the location. The gym is great and all but the people just make my blood boil. A few times i've almost gotten ran over by the aggressive driving of patrons trying to get parking closer to the door...you're going to the gym...to work out...to burn calories...WALK TO THE DOOR why fall into the lazy habits of parking close and not having to walk very far...I completely stopped going to this location after one hour. There are WAY too many jersey shore wannabes, popped collars, and shameless cleavage everywhere. May be good for some people but when I want to work out I focus on working out. Waiting on a machine in use but not really in use due to the complexities of human courting rituals...am I at a gym or did I just pay a yearly membership to go to a club with no booze??The part that REALLY ticked me off... I was doing some exercises involving swinging a weighted Medicine ball. I am swinging a weighted ball. SWINGING A WEIGHTED BALL. Normally when you see someone swing something that looks heavy you try to avoid danger. This small group of women and their trainer kept getting closer and closer to me when there was nothing but empty space in the opposite direction. There's just too many people with too many agendas for me to accomplish anything other than raising my blood pressure at this location. I'll burn the gas and drive to the Sahara location several times a day then set foot back here.
2	I have had a membershipnhere for years, and just recently found out there is no wifi! Even the diciest of bars has wifi for their customers! Can we fix this ? With that said, this is the best LVAC location, and the best times are 10 am and 1 am
4	My favorite of the LVAC locations, this is my go-to gym. The newest of their locations, I believe this is also the nicest & cleanest. There are 2 levels. On the 1st level, you have the an area with dry & steam saunas, lap pools, and spas. There's also a weight lifting room and the womens gym. On the second floor, you have your cardio areas (treadmills, ellipticals, bikes, stairmasters, and a track).  They also have 2 rooms where they hold their classes, which range from dance, yoga, kickboxing, cycling, and many more. I love coming here at night and running on the track because you get an awesome view of the Vegas lights through their opened windows.  If you're an LVAC memeber and haven't been here, check it out!
4	I decided to join a new gym when I moved to Las Vegas and was referred here by a few friends. I took the tour and was very impressed with the size and quality of this LVAC location. There are several other LVACs throughout the greater Las Vegas/Henderson area, but the southwest location is the closest to where I live. Two stories of gym equipment, an indoor track, an indoor lap pool and just about every class that you can think of. I have enjoyed the various spin classes and the indoor track since its way too hot to run outdoors in the summertime. The other great thing about LVAC was the promotion/deal that I got to join. For the price and the quality equipment, definitely a gym to join!
5	Best bang for your buck.  Too bad some of staff are dummies.  But overall; great selection of equipment, great indoor track, love the women's gym, temperature nice all day long, clean bathroom/dressingroom and the best array of fitness classes. I like this location enough that I plan to start teaching Pilates mat classes end of the summer. And to all those wimpy folks who are soooo intimidated by all the hotties- you are nuts. The hotties and dancers are all at the Green Valley location, not SW. You prolly saw one and got scared.  Wrong answer folks. SW LOCATION IS THE BEST
4	Duuuuuude, I'm thee worst at keeping a New Year's resolution promise thingies. So first off, I lose money when I don't go! LOL. So don't be like that if you're going to sign up.I've just recently had one of those life changing/myself for better health.. after a pretty serious back injury. & so far I've gone everyday.. (I still have to go today sshhh.. Don't tell...)Okay, on to the review.Of course, it's clean. I mean people sweat & stuff in it, so it's not the place for a date.. or is it? ;] YUCK!It's huge.. & the gym too. LOL. No really, spacious enough for me & you :]I like all the services they offer. Got signs & labels everywhere.. so you don't end up in the wrong locker room ;] LOL. Okay downside time. I mean.. I'm not very athletic, but sometimes I do wish there was a basketball court. I mean.. JUST ONE PLEASE!! :]
3	I like lvac and all but this location is terrible and the streets leading up have very limited access. This location also seems very closed off where as the rainbow location feels more open. So I will probably not go to this location too often. It is deff not my club of choice.
3	Pros - Large Facility, multiple locations, Clean, Pool, saunas, showers, juice bar, classes, large variety of machines.Cons -  crowded parking, winter time shameless taking up of upfront parking spaces for "valet parking" VALET PARKING at a gym?! Jersery shore/UFC wanna be's/ puffed up roid heads/ make up covered girls/  crowding and capitalizing equipment to "hang out" and socialize.  Staff is rude and have a condescending attitude towards us lesser folk. Trainers there tend to monopolize machines and space as they train 3 people at a time.  I actually waited for 10 minutes to use a bench the trainer had planted all his "stuff" with as he had one person do pushups next the the bench, moved yet another bench in front of it for another client to do step ups, and a third jumping rope on the other side. Apparently seeing that he was using the bench as just a bench as a fancy stop watch/clip board stand, I asked to use it.  As I added the plates and lifted it off the rack the trainer had his client begin doing push ups again a foot away from me and RIGHT UNDER the plate! Where I quickly racked the bar and where he gave me a stern warning to be more careful of others and share space and equipment! Good gym, just ruined by rude staff and trainers who act like it's their kingdom and you are just annoying pest in their way.
4	Have you seen the movie, "Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story?" If you have, then you know what Globo Gym is. This LVAC is the what they would have based Globo Gym after.LVAC is large and is a beauitful, clean, and well maintained gym. Classes are tought throughout the day (From 5 AM to 9 PM). They're open 24/7-365. There's a lap pool, co-ed steam room, sauna, and jacuzzi. There is an Advanced Training Room (The Beefcake Room as I like to call it). Upstairs there is an indoor running track, about 15 rows of cardio machines (from stairmasters, treadmills, bikes, elipticals, and other machines to get your heart pounding).  There is a seperate co-ed weight room (downstairs there is the Women's Only Gym) and two large class rooms.There are personal trainers around the gym (in yellow shirts) that will tell you how to use the equipment and let you know if you are using the equipment properly.LVAC is awesome and my favorite athletic club in the valley. Definitely come in and try it for a day (which is free).
5	I have been in and out of gyms (as a patron and fitness expert) since 1986 and with the exception of the Sports Club- LA, LVAC mega gyms are by far the best examples of what a fitness club should like.  THE ABSOLUtE Best bang for your buck.  Too bad some of staff are dummies; Iguess you get what can get for minimum wage, but then again,what do you expect fot the membership dues.  But overall; great selection of equipment, great indoor track, love the women's gym, temperature nice all day long, clean bathroom & dressingroom and the best array of fitness classes. I like this location enough that I plan to start teaching Pilates mat classes end of the summer.  If you are paying attention to yourself and your workout, the other patrons are nothing to fear. And to all those wimpy folks who are soooo intimidated by all the hot dudes and slu**y chicks- you are nuts. The hotties and dancers are all at the Green Valley location, not SW. You prolly saw one and got scared.  Wrong answer folks. SW LOCATION IS THE BEST
4	Great place to workout! Lots of machines. Lots of classes. Only negative is there are always a lot of people!
5	YOU REALLY DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU HAVE, TILL ITS GONE. I recently relocated from Las Vegas to Los Angels and have to say that  LVAC is a freaking awesome gym. I really miss going there.  I had never felt compelled to write a review because LVAC was just there. I thought that's what all gyms were like. Boy was I wrong . Now that I'm at 24hr, I really see how great my old gym was. LVAC is  huge, beyond clean, and  had 100s of machines.  Not like the smelly, tiny place I'm going now. Damn.
3	Location: You would think 215 & flamingo would be a great location for the gym well its not. Although this place is right off the 215 once you exist you have to turn or U-turn on flamingo to get to LVAC. Also there's one main entrance into the plaza and its always traffic going in around 5:30 when I go. I know its the busy hours but common. Amenities: The towels there are definitely the cleanest and softest, I never use it but there's lotion in the women's locker room. The machines, I'm not a fan of most of the machines here. I know they're probably the newest and updated machines but why fix something that was already working. I like the machines at the LVAC rainbow location. The parking lot isn't as big as their other locations and parking is always horrible. .Setup: The bad, the way this gym is setup is so weird. They have weights on the first floor and the second floor. Constantly when I'm down stairs I'll hear some one up stairs dropping heavy weights and I get scared. Scared because I think if this constantly happens when will the second floor give out. The women's gym is pretty small but not as small as the rainbow location. The biggest women's section I've been to is the gym on Sahara and Maryland. Customer Service: The customer service here is by far the best out of all the LVAC locations. The front desk workers are super nice, sometimes even funny. Even the janitors are nice. Especially in the locker rooms when ever the floors wet from somebody coming out of the pool. Some how they're always there in a jiffy to clean it up. I've never seen a wet puddle in that spotless locker room.
1	This review is based on the billing department and not the actual staff at LVAC. It seems every time I call, they are not friendly except for one time. A rep talked so fast and mumbled when I asked basic questions such as when does my membership expire, how much is it to renew monthly vs. annual, are they going to take out the money automatically after it expires? After I asked the ghetto rep to repeat herself, she sounded annoyed. How am I supposed to understand when you mumble so fast? I called back another day and got a nicer person and paid my annual membership. I go to the gym a few days later and the girl tells me my account is past due. So I checked my bank account and I saw the charge was taken out!Also, my bf had joined the same time as me and I said he should renew his membership. I'm not sure if it's the same ghetto rep or some other PMS rep said he couldn't get the same deal as I did. We joined the same day and got the same deal! She was really rude and when he asked to speak to a supervisor, she said she didn't have one and didn't bother looking into it. He hung up and got another rep who was nicer and actually looked into it.  I have also called in the past and their reps are not friendly. It seems a lot of them suffer from PMS.
4	I can't believe that I hadn't written a review for my gym! I am definitely a fan. There is lots of equipment, lots of classes, and the facilities are always clean. Tons of cardio equipment, strength training machines, an indoor track, pool, women only area- LVAC has it all.  Lots of the cardio equipment even has its own personal TVs with cable and music video channels, which I love.And of course, 24 hrs/day, 365 days/year.  I got a workout in on Christmas Day!   I've even showered there, and that says a lot, because I'm pretty particular about that kind of thing. Now, that being said- because of all of the above awesomeness, this location can get VERY crowded, especially in the after-work hours (between 4:30p-8:30p).  The parking lot can get packed during those hours, and I've often had to park either in the Hampton Inn parking lot next door, or all the way back near the restaurants if I don't get lucky. I generally like to work out in the early morning hours (between 4a-6a), when I can basically have the run of the place. Some classes are extremely popular, so if you want a good spot in the group fitness room, it is best to get there early. On top of all of this, the prices are very reasonable. I pay just $20/month for all of this- which is less than half what I was paying in Maryland a much lesser gym.
5	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (18 of 365).My neighborhood gym, but 20 minutes away from where I live.  That is the only thing I don't like about this gym; it is too far away!  1 star = for the abundance of equipment.  Even during rush hour,  I can always find a machine to do my cardio work out.2 stars = for the quick customer service.  Checking in and out is quick, and even getting a new card because I lost mine is quick as well.3 stars = for having the option to load your membership card with money to buy stuff at the cafe; no need to carry cash!4 stars = class options and the inviting schedule.  There are a variety of classes to take and they are spread out really well on the calendar.5 stars = having the option for towel service, personal training, and even bringing in a guest twice a month included in your membership if you choose to have it.LVAC is also associated with many other businesses near by that provide customer discounts to those who are LVAC members.  The bathroom and locker facilities are great to use, and there is even a indoor swimming pool to do laps!  Don't forget the indoor track; it's the only place I can run until I get used to the extreme weather outside!
5	The Las Vegas Athletic club is an awesome gym.  State of the art equipment and facility.  There are two large aerobics rooms with plenty of classes.  The indoor running track is great with cool views of the Vegas Valley.  The gym has indoor pools, hot tub, steam room, and sauna.  Last but not least the Juice bar has a great selection of protein shakes and food.
5	I have a 24 Hr Fitness membership and even though they do have a basketball court, LVAC is still my favorite gym. The Flamingo, Eastern, and N Rainbow gyms are very high quality and the classes are very high quality. My favorite gym.
4	lvac is newer, cleaner, and id rather drive 15mins from my house than go to 24hr fitness that's only 5 mins away. i LOVE their zumba, spin, and hip hop classes mostly because they have really professional and friendly instructors. i would've given it 5 stars only if this place doesn't get too crowded especially on mondays.
5	This is actually my first "Yelp Review" but when it comes to LVAC I couldn't NOT write a review for them! Plus while looking on Yelp, after moving to Vegas in January, I didn't see any reviews on the playroom. With that being said, I decided to take a chance on LVAC's staff and trust them with not 1 but BOTH of my kiddos. My son is 2 and when we first moved here my daughter was only 8 weeks old!Since I had just had a baby I knew something needed to be done! I needed to lose the 20 extra pounds. The first thing about this place that caught my eye was that they had the playroom and took babies as young as 6 weeks old! This to me was AMAZING! Most places don't take babies until they are 6 months old. We went in and took a look around and we were instantly sold! The people in the playroom are SOOOOOO good with my kids. And they actually know them really well, we've gone everyday since January! ;) My 2 year old absolutely loves this place and runs in with NO problems. I know this is especially great because of how "excited" the workers are to see him everyday! Even my now almost 5 month old gets excited when we go in. It makes working out a ton easier, knowing they are in such great hands! Plus, they also have the cameras located in the playroom with monitors in the gym and on the tvs that you can watch!Now onto the actual gym. When I first started coming here I was a little nervous. More like, super intimidated! This gym is by far the most amazing gym I've ever been to and a lot of people that work out here are SUPER fit! I love the womens room. That's where i do all my free weight lifting. The cardio area upstairs is where I do all of my cardio. And the machines upstairs are also fantastic! All of the class options are so awesome and are customizable to just about anyone!The pool, hot tub, sauna, and steam room area are always clean! And I even shower here! Which is definitely saying something! ;)I've seen some complaints about the parking. But I've never had ANY issues! Someone is always leaving and if I have to park closer to the back I don't care. AND i have to load in 2 kids! So if someone is complaining about that, they aren't going to the gym to work out!I have had some awkward moments with weirdo guys... But that's only been when I go at around 7 at night... otherwise it's just the occasionally "Sorry I'm married." situation!Thank You LVAC for helping me shed the baby weight, PLUS some! You guys are awesome and I will recommend them to ANYONE!
5	i love getting my workout here.... great machine selection and lots of free weights to choose from!!!!
4	I like it here.  Great selection of equipment to use.  Always staff with people cleaning.  The place does get very busy on weekdays.  Parking is a pain on the weekday.  Hard to find a set of weights since people don't put them back.
5	Been coming to this location for over a month now. I have been a member before and went to other locations but with kids gym fell by the way side for a few years. This is a very busy gym but I always am able to find machines to use. The sign up process is very smooth. I went through Dan and several of my friends have signed up through him as well. He is very nice and eager to earn my business which I liked. The price $22 a month is hard to find/beat anywhere else with the amount of gym they offer even with a two year contract. I looked into anytime fitness and they were more expensive $30 a month and offered way way less and still require two year contract and the sales guy was nice but was not eager to get my business. Since when does a sales guy not want your money?!?! That dumb founded me. So guess they lost out. Overall I am very happy with my decision to go with LVAC.
4	So my Anytime Fitness Gym Closed and I felt homeless.  I did try a 7 day free trial that my friend gave me and I was a skeptic at first, but now I am convinced.  I was initially steered clear because of the number of people there and the stereotype that goes with a big gym like this: Meat Market.  But it does seem to be far from that.  For the most part people are here to get a workout and then getout.  I got in on a deal for $22 a month with first and last paid ahead.  It is a deal!This is a good location - lots of machines, though certain times of the day it is more busy and I have to wait for one to be free.  (They need more Chest Fly Machines there are only four!)I love the sea of treadmills and ellipticals.  There are some built in TVs on some of the treadmills and they face a wall of TVs in the cardio section.  It's actually pretty nice.  I usually bring my headphones and phone before - but the music they play isn't half bad.  The running track is nice.  Good views and they do change the direction weekly.  There are clocks at various places on the track to pace yourself.  One lap on the track is about 1/6th of a mile.At every visit I do see employees doing a walk through on machines, wiping things down, mopping and sweeping which is nice to see. They are keeping the gym up very well.  The employees are very friendly as well.I have yet to set foot into the ATC (Advanced Training Room) and try out some classes - but I'll eventually get to it.  There is a pool and sauna that I haven't tried yet either but my friends I go with have nothing but good things to say about it.Definately a good decision if you choose to join this place.
4	Excuse me while I catch my breath from running on the treadmill.  Ok. I have been a member of nearly every gym, Golds, 24hour, LAfitness, Fitness 19, etc. Now I joined LVAC.  This is like the Costco of gyms.  There is something for everyone here, in large quantities but the place is huge and you are not always sure where the things you need are.  The best way to descibe the place is to follow my workout. (sorry women, I am not allowed in the women's only workout room so I can't expound on it.First, when I arrive, I drop my daughter off at child care.  This place has the best child care I have ever seen for a gym and it is one of the options to include in your membership.  They even have a special card with your child's photo and yours on it so there can be no mistaken release of the kids.  They have the pipes and slides, video games, multiple TV's, a little kids area and games.  Several staff members are there at all times.  And there is a multi camera video feed to watch later.Next, I show my id and work my way past the juice bar (separate review) and up the stairs.  Just before the stairs is the free weight and universal machine room but I'll come back there later.  Up for cardio.  Past the racquetball courts and to the left is the cardio warehouse.  Row after row of machines.  Early in the morning it looks like Sears is having a sale.  Lifecycles, Treadmills, Stairmaster, Rowing, Bycicles, you name it.  A video display that rivals NASA is up front providing a plethora of viewing options right out of Back to the Future 2.  There is barely room to walk between the rows and when it is crowded, you sometimes feel like you are in a cattle run.  Bring headphones so you can listen to your TV of choice, music, or simply shut out the sound around you.30 minutes of cardio later, it is time for Core.  LVAC has the latest Core equipment that isolates your muscles for both focused training and to preserve your back.  I could go into all the different machines but heck there are just too many.  Run around the indoor track then down for some bench presses, dips and chinups or leg workouts upstairs depending on the day.Then jump in the pool for a few laps and you have the perfect workout. (I haven't gotten in the pool yet, but soon.)Pros - Tons of equipment, even when crowded there is always space.  Friendly staff, and great kids area.  The place is well maintained and rarely is equipment out of order.  They have a stationary bike room and a group class room as well with a varied schedule.  I am not a muscle king and yet even when crowded I did not feel self conscious about working out like I do at some gyms.Cons - the trainers do not seem very knowledgeable.  In fact, although I get free training every month as part of my plan, the trainer refused to allow me to direct the focus of the training.  The trainer was honest and told me the center makes them follow a "script" that only allows minimal alteration.  Maybe after a few more sessions they will deviate from the plan but I need specific help and didn't get it from my first two sessions.  I am not certain the trainers even have any certifications.    Also, as others have noted, if you haven't been here before, it is not easy to get to.  You don't have to uturn to get to LVAC but you do have to turn on Grand Canyon and then make a left at the back of the shopping center by the hotel.  You beat the traffic this way rather than drive through the shopping center.  The parking lot is large but expect to do some walking to get into the gym unless you get lucky.I chose LVAC because of the multiple convenient locations and the much cheaper rate than Lifetime Fitness.
1	If I could give it 0 stars, I would. My advice? DO NOT SIGN UP WITH ANY LVAC. The classes are overcrowded, there is almost always a line to use the machines, it's never clean, oh, and they'll sign you up for a 26 month contract without telling you. I could not be unhappier with them. They tried to sell me on their cheap plans, but I insisted on month-to-month. However, when I tried to cancel, they told me I was now under contract for 2 years and couldn't cancel. Now I'm stuck with their crappy membership, even though I've already moved over to David Barton Gym in Tivoli Village (side note: LOVING that gym, but that's for another review). They're obviously into using unscrupulous tactics at LVAC, and I would not recommend giving them any business.
4	I come here almost every day. I like the juice bar and the fact that its always clean. Its so packed at times that I had to come in at all times to find out when its good to work out. The staff is not so friendly that walks around. But the counter is always smiling and again the juice bar staff is so helpful and friendly. Over all a great place to work out and get your healthy on !! The day care is awesome my kids love it.
1	They have the most unprofessional and rude billing department in all of North America.  I lost my ATM Card and had to wait for my bank to send me another.....well I received it on the 11th and my bill date was on the 8th.  OK, so here's the scam...you revert back to our Mail in rate of $25 and a $20 admin fee cause your cancelled card isn't valid.  Now if you pay us for the whole year I will give it to you for $144 and will waive the $20 admin fee...SHUT UP! So now what's normally $22 is $45 for one month but if I give you $144 you'll waive the $20 admin fee!  Didn't you say you never do that....Oh yes you do and it cost $144 in the form of an annual pre paid Membership.  NO THANKS!THEY SPEND OVER $2 MILLION A YEAR IN DIRECT MAIL, TV AND RADIO ADVERTISING FOR NEW CUSTOMERS.....I HAVE ONE QUESTION?  Why not spend $23 a year keeping the customers you have HAPPY?  Word of mouth is worth a lot more than your big ad budget...just a thought.
3	Gym is nice but don't ever sign up with the girl named Ashley. She has a big attitude and hates giving customers their way. Even refused to let my friend in once when I had a pass. Cancelled my membership cuz of her.
5	A Huge gym that handles it's membership well at a great price. Also a meat market. The parking lot is the size of a mini-mall and extends all the way back to a barbecue joint. If you are forced to park in the spots adjacent to the Pork Palace you should probably just go there because you're unlikely to find anything to do inside. Thankfully this only happens on weeknights around 6pm the first week of January, otherwise the place does a spectacular job of accommodating all the well fed self-improvers represented inside.The locker rooms are huge and are less likely to be filled with naked people than gyms I have been to in the past, this alone justifies the place to me. The juice bar in the lobby is excellent, reasonably priced and staffed with friendly people. Nice. I have never been in the women's only gym (for good reason) but the wife lauds it's ability to keep the perverts out. The free weight section downstairs is huge and is occasionally populated by UFC fighters. I've seen Forrest Griffin in here twice.Upstairs is an awesome giant track that  protects from the glorious desert heat. They have enough treadmills for people who don't prefer really running and those spectacular stretching cages. Bonus points for having actual escalator style stairmasters. The exercise classes are well attended and free and seem to utilize a huge array of equipment.The only real negative I've seen is the childcare: They technically have it but at least at the times I go it's sparsely populated and they seem to mix too large an age group. Toddlers and giant 10(?) year olds. I wouldn't leave my kid here if he didn't have a few years of MMA training and weigh 75 pounds.It's worth noting that this is the best dressed gym I have ever been to, including other LVACs. More accurately: this is the least dressed gym I have ever seen. Go at any time other than the middle of the night and be prepared to see women wearing tiny scraps of fabric doing jumping jacks or leisurely climbing the stairmaster in areas that receive large quantities of eye traffic. I have no idea what they're advertising (I have in my five years as an LVAC customer seen business cards exchanged twice), but I hope it's personal training and fabric glue.All of the above is DIRT CHEAP. I pay $20 bucks a month: if the place was a fifty dollar a month gym I'd go happy with the value proposition. at $20: no contest. Also being able to go to any of the LVACs through Vegas is a massive win.
4	Love this gym
4	Been a member of Gold's Gym first, then 24 Hour Fitness and now LVAC. As far as equipment is concerned, this is the best gym I have ever been a member of. They have top of the line stuff and it is always in good working order. If it breaks, they are on it and get it repaired quickly! A lot more than I can say about Gold's and 24 Hour Fitness.But, I have to say they are lacking in customer service. Every employee at 24 Hour Fitness on Green Valley Parkway felt like a personal friend. They greeted you, remembered you, and said goodbye to you when you left. I actually miss them. I kinda felt like an idiot when I moved back to Summerlin two years ago and joined LVAC because it was closer to my new house, and I would try and spark a conversation with the counter workers and they would look at me like I was an idiot and didn't care to speak to me. And when I left after my workout, they would never say goodbye. I waived to them, thinking I was at my old 24 Hour Fitness on Green Valley Parkway, and they never waived back for my first two weeks being a member. I finally realized they didn't care if I were coming or going, so I just stopped trying to speak with them when I checked in and stopped waiving goodbye when I left.Ending to this story is that I love the location, love the equipment, love the set up but I am not a fan of the hospitality. Do I recommend this gym? Oh of course! If you're looking for a good work out and not great hospitality, this is the place for you. I have to admit that I come in on a mission, headphones on and tunnel vision only focusing on my workout. I've always been that way, but 24 Hour Fitness on Green Valley Parkway changed me and made me more open and friendly to the staff. But it took me a week or so to realize that LVAC is not here to be your friends, they are here to get you in shape. And I honestly don't have a beef with that all. I am in the best shape I've been in since having a gym membership, so they are doing something right! :)
4	Although it tends to be a meathead show, this place is relatively nice to work out in. I love the variety of cardio machines, and new equipment. Be sure to try  a tasty smoothie on the way out.
4	LVAC is a solid gym.  There are nicer gyms in town, but for the money LVAC is my choice in Vegas. Even at peak times there are open cardio machines and enough free weights and Nautilus style machines that you can work the muscle groups you want without much of a wait at all.LVAC's hidden gems are a few of their yoga teachers however.  Each location (and I've been to them all for yoga) have one or two fantastic yoga teachers.  Since this is a LVAC Southwest review I'll recommend Marissa H. and Jenn K.  They are both amazing.  Marissa teachers a smart-flow style that emphasizes a different aspect or body part in a beautiful way throughout the class during her vinyasa flow classes.  She also leads some ashtanga classes that are great too.  Jenn teaches her vinyasa flow classes in an up-beat manner that really warms the body, and she offers enough challenging variations to those looking to take things past the basics and playfully explore their limits.  You can find them both at traditional yoga studios teaching and leading workshops, highlighting the fact that LVAC is blessed to have them both.Yoga schedules can be found on LVAC's website under class schedules.
4	This is the biggest LVAC I have been to.  I only go to this location for one class, PIT, my favorite class by far.  Everything is nice and clean.  There are lots of people here always.  Parking can take some time and the play room is a mad house.  But once your inside it seems pretty calm and they have lots of equipment.
1	Called to see if Add On Promotion was still available and the Member Rep said that I expired on Sept. 7.  I asked if there was any chance to extend it.  They guy gave me this lame excuse of "There's nothing we can do." So much for going above and beyond customer service. If others have inquired about the promo, think about extending it. I give them a 1 star for customer service.
4	What can you say about gyms? Locker rooms pretty clean, equipments readily available, classes they offer are accommodating to various schedules, convenient snack/juice bar located inside the building, etc. Finding parking during peak hours can be daunting though. Once, someone actually darted in front of me to steal the spot I was just about to take. Took one star off just for that. If there are going to be mean people going to my gym, it makes me not want to keep coming back. However, it is the closest to me and it being open 24 hours is very convenient. They don't "get mad" at you if you're late on paying your dues. I've had experience at other places where they'd actually show attitude for late payments, but they're pretty chill here at LVAC. I love going to their Zumba classes. I've tried three different instructors already, and all of them were amazing at making me break a sweat. I love the juice bar also. I just order a protein shake after working out and feel energized and refreshed right away. This gym is my saving grace when I need to burn off those calories I've consumed trying out new places to eat at.
1	I used to go to this gym until I joined the Army and cancelled it. I just came back on R&R and asked if they could let me have a pass for 10 days to stay in shape. They wanted me to pay for half a month!Support the Military ? Not this place.
4	Although its busy almost every hour of the day, I've never waited for a machine. They have enough for an army.
5	Awesome club! Everything you want and plenty of it.
1	The equipment and stuff is great here and I really liked this place. I recently had a situation involving a stalker. I called to cancel my contract and was told I have balance of over $600 before I would be able to cancel. I was told by the manager, when I started my contract, that if I would like to cancel, that I would pay that month's balance and to pay one month in advance, and the contract would be done. So as I was trying to cancel today, I am told my only alternative is to move out of state before they would honor the cancellation. I'm moving all ready as is, but not out of Vegas. You would think that they would be more honest and really go over the requirements of what it takes to cancel, BEFORE you sign the contract. Super selfish, in my opinion. It's not like this is some crazy made up idea - this is my life and all they are concerned about is making sure they get every last dollar.
4	This is the Gymnasium, Las Vegas Athletic Club, one of six locations around the Las Vegas valley, my name used to be Couch Potato, but I now go by a new moniker, Tough Mudder.11:47 am. My partner and I are taking a lifting lunch. The life of an athlete is often spent doing things that require effort and commitment. Its not a hard life, and the rewards are pretty good. The ability to spring up a full set of stairs instead of riding the escalator, or help a buddy move furniture without straining or getting winded.I've been a member, or a guest of three gymnasiums in Las Vegas. The primary draw of the Las Vegas Athletic Club is the price. For just under $20 per month you get full access to the facility and all of the classes with the only exception being racquetball. For just under $40, you get a choice of three perks including towel service, racquetball, trainers, and day care. Other gymnasiums in the Summerlin area charge that or more for basic membership.At that price point, the downside is that its cheap enough for many to use this as a hang out. You will often see folks dressed to work out, but nary a drop of sweat or wrinkle shall ever touch their clothes. They drift around the smoothie bar or upper balcony. They sometimes collect outside of the classes. Fortunately, they dare not drift too far into the cardio area or weight rooms for fear that someone will ask for a spot, or brush against their new outfit with sweaty abandon.The only area that I've had difficulty getting to in a short workout is the upstairs matts and floor reserved for stretching and ab workouts. The floor fills quickly and seems to always be a challenge finding an open area. This also results in folks spilling into other areas, squatting, stretching, rolling and crunching between machines, in aisle ways and sometimes even extending into hallways.Overall, the prices and availability make this so convenient that it eliminates your excuses of cant afford, cant make the time, and cant find a place to work out. After that, its only the draw of the couch that keeps you from moving more.
4	This is my regular LVAC gym! Great classes at this location and track upstairs. The womens room is peaceful, but gotta come here when it's not rush hour! Weekdays around 7, when everyone gets off work can be a hassle. Its best to workout when you dont have to wait for a certain machine or have to jog around other people. There's enough space and different machines here to change up your workout routine, yet there's a variety of people to motivate you as well. Grab a customized juice afterwards and you're good to go!
1	Although I love the gym itself, even though it is always crowded, I HATE THE MANAGEMENT!  MY GOSH!  THEY ARE JUST TERRIBLE!  I had fraud on my credit card and my card was cancelled.  I did not get a new card until 5 days after my payment was due and they did not notify my of my payment being declined and they charged me $20.  They did not care that I had no idea that my card didn't work, that I had fraud on my original card, they are just out to make money.  As soon as I can, I am going to cancel and go to a gym where they are understanding of people finances.  I have always paid on time every month, but 5 days, just 5 days of my payment not going through, they charge me extra and they did not send any kind of notification.  They said that they don't do any notifications because they have too many clients.  WELL, YOU WILL SOON HAVE ONE LESS!
4	"The Best Deal in Town"Back in the 90s I walked into the location on the east side. A dude named Eric walked me around and I signed a year-long contract for 19 bucks a month.Fast forward to now.I've since moved to my fourth residence and currently go to this branch on W. Flamingo. I pay 115 bucks a year. Roll that off your tongue a few times: 115 bucks a year. That's $9.58 a month. That's LESS than I paid when I joined. And for that I get a gym that is open 24/7 every day of the year. I get an indoor track and swimming pools. Saunas and free weight rooms. More cardio equipment and weight machines I've ever seen in one place EVER. There's also a women only room and two rooms for fitness classes. Raquetball courts. Juice bar with decent meal fare. TV screens showing sports. All this for just......$9.58 a month. The same rate I've been paying for nearly 10 years.I've never had to wait for anything either, although it must be said I don't go at peak hours. I usually go weekdays around 3:30 and on weekends around 1:00 PM or so.The desk people are nice but I can't vouch for the others. I have no contact with them, nor do I ever need their help. Even if I did need assistance and they treated me like crap I wouldn't care. Why? Because I only pay $9.58 a month....
4	Everyone at this gym is too pretty. I'm over here running on the treadmill sweating with a bright red face and Mr. Musclepants is next to me walking backwards and glistening like he's a model or something. I guess it's motivational to see all the muscular people walking around doing all of this effortlessly. I try to keep up with them, but I end up hurting myself.This gym is far from my home, but it's the only one I go to because the one closer to me isn't as good, and doesn't have as much equipment.This location is also pretty crowded a lot of the time, it's right off the 215 so it's convenient for people. I usually try to go late at night so that I'm able to have free reign of the place. The people at the front desk are friendly, and I never talk to any of the other staff members, mostly because I'm too stubborn to admit I need help working a machine. But I'm sure they're just as friendly.If you have an LVAC membership I'd definitely say this location is one of the best in town. If you don't have an LVAC membership then maybe you should get one, and go to this location.
4	I work out at two LVAC locations - this one and the Henderson spot on Eastern.Just signed up for my third year - it costs me $125/ year.  I think it's good value.This location is one of the larger LVAC gyms - my guess is the Rainbow location is bigger.Given my schedule, I hit this gym at all hours - big surprise, the 5-10 pm time slot is when they are busiest.  Still, they get a decent crowd at all times.Highlights:- i like the separate "free weight" room.  It's true you get more of the hard core " look in the mirror" types in this room but it doesn't bother me, as long as they don't hog up the machines ( some feel they are entitled to use two machines while texting and checking out all the other muscleheads - it doesn't stop me from taking one of the machines and ignoring them since i have my headphones on ) - two large rooms for classes - they have a TON of classes to choose from.- clean - i like the fact that someone is constantly cleaning the place.- upstairs bathrooms - a major plus over the eastern location.- large cardio equipment area Yeah, i get it, sometimes the place is very busy, but it's manageable.
1	A lot of the staff are meat heads. Look at you like you're just not cool enough. Are they in high school? Very dishonest about the contract. Was there a month and moved. I told them when I signed up there was a 90% chance I'd be moving the next month and they said no problem. Been paying for 4 months and realized I had to cancel, no problem. Now charging me to cancel or to pay over 400 bucks. Its over crowded.
3	I'd like to comment on something at your Club on 215 &Flamingo. I go there 3-4 times a week, I love the facility. The only thing bothers me a lot, is the "smell". The smell of the chemicals they use to clean the floor. ( I do love that they cleaning regularly). When you workout, your need for oxygen increases, and when they mop the floor around you, you can hardly breathe. It has such strong smell, that burns my nose and gives me headache. I asked before, why don't you change for an organic, odorless solution? Wonder if anyone else experienced this besides me? Any consideration would be appreciated.
5	My favorite LVAC in town! Perhaps I'm biased because I don't live too far from it. They keep the gym clean and have lots of equipment! It's hard to find an open machine during peak hours but if you go during late night, then it's all yours!I had left my work badge in the women's locker room. I thought I had lost it for good and was going to have them remade. I figured it wouldn't hurt to ask if anyone turned it in. Turns out, my badge was tucked neatly away in a drawer filled with keys. I was told that housekeeping does a good job regularly tidying up the place. I was so thankful that I didn't need to spend extra time from my busy schedule to make badges. Juice bar makes consistently good shakes. Going Ape is my favorite (substitute the vanilla protein powder for chocolate...trust me, this elevates the shake to another level!). Parking sucks, just because everyone and their mothers are trying to fight for one up close to the entrance. There's plenty of parking in the back. Save some time from frantically searching. Get your work out started and your heart pumping and just walk.Oh! 8 Strikes on Tuesdays at 1:45 PM! I can't go to these because I work but if you're free, I suggest you go to get the best workout of your life.
4	I would give this place 5 stars if the parking wasn't so terrible. I know it's not their fault they have so many members but it does kinda stink to park so far away. I'm in great shape and don't mind walking but I do mind when it's freezing outside. When it's nice out I could care less. The crowd in the parking lot and inside is the only downside. Other than that this place is BOSS! Always clean, weights are always put back, and the place has everything. I have been a member for almost 3 years and would never think about leaving this place unless I left Las Vegas. Would highly recommend.
1	When we first moved to Vegas, I encouraged my fiance to check this place out while I was at an appointment nearby. He compared the experience to being in Globo Gym in the movie "Dodgeball". He said the facilities were a good enough value for the price, but when he told the associate touring him around that he'd have to talk with me before he committed to a contract, the associate proceeded to make ignorant and bull-headed comments like "So you don't wear the pants in the family?" or "So you need her permission to spend money?" Needless to say, we will not be taking our business here.
3	Nice club, clean and lots of equipment. But super busy!
3	LVAC on 215 and Flamingo I have a bittersweet relationship with. It is considered a 'mega-gym'. A huge gym, with tons of members, for a low price ($13/mo). This drives in a ton of people during busy hours - this can lead to waiting to use a machine or just a spot to stretch. The selection of machines is impressive, however, there is no consistency. Personally, I believe a gym should have all one brand of machines (ie. Nautilus, Magnum, etc), and LVAC does not have this. This makes it very hard to track sessions if you have to use a different machine every time. Also, I have yet to have a good experience with a trainer. Most of them are on their phones...texting...while they are suppose to be focusing on you. Really irritating. I am surprised by how clean this place is though! There is always staff walking around cleaning - and in my books - that is the BEST thing for a gym to do!
1	hate it- crowded- unprofessional- sent me to collections after i cancelled my membership- 2year contract- sales people are douchyserious creep factor because you can switch to a channel on any of the personal tvs on any machine and watch the kids quest area. great if you want to check on your kids, creepy because anyone can look at your children. so the creepy pedophile on the treadmil next to you probably goes to the bathroom to rub one out thinking about all the kids he was watching. ew.dont. sign. up. here.go to 24 hour in summerlin off town center, much better
2	Never enough parking unless you're there at 2am. People always hogging machines.. Sitting texting, taking calls.. Females in groups around the machines..  People don't get it.. Work out and shut up!
4	Nice gym. Like the weight room better off of 95. But P.I.T. Class is the best/hardest workout I have ever done. Brian Cantino is the best trainer ever. P.I.T. Bootcamp has dropped my mile time from 7:45 to 5:43 in 4 weeks! Burpees are the best! Destroys those old 2 a days from back in the day. Great day care program. My favortie LVAC. Only thing that I miss from Lifetime Fitness is the Rock Climbing wall and outdoor pool.
1	This place is nice, but the people working at night are Rude, Especially Vince, He's ALWAYS giving me an attitude problem. This isn't the 1st time I've Encountered his "Mood Swings" Please leave that at home, DO NOT BRING IT TO WORK AND SHOW IT TO CUSTOMERS -_-
5	Been a member since their first Henderson location in '05? Dig their body pump & boot camp. Women's gym is clean, updated equipment. General area and woman's locker room is clean :)Unbeatable location - right off 215/flamingo Don't think u can find a better value anywhere else.
2	The gym has a lot of things to vary your workout with machines and free weights, a track, Jacuzzi, sauna, steam room and pool. There is tons of equipment in this place and this gym is huge. The attitude throughout the gym feels pretty snobby and the staff won't provide much personal service. You literally have to crawl over and weave around people constantly to get to the free weights and machines in the free weight room. It always crowded and filled with meat heads who love to groan while they lift and throw chalk all over the place or gaze into the mirror while they flex their  "guns". Don't get me wrong there are a lot of beautiful people that come out for this fashion show, so if that is something that helps you stay motivated this might be your place. The parking lot is massive to accommodate the overcrowded gym.  They do have a smoothie bar which  which has tons of good food and smoothies, however it is very overpriced.
1	Never got the special promotion that they  promised to give us at the end of my 2 year contract. During 26 months of membership 2 times charged late fee although money was in account , and my bank said that from their end everything was OK for LVAC to take money for membership. Also, to crowded.
4	This is another place that remind me of a zoo... Always super crowded.This gym is only adds minutes away from my house. I have been a member for almost 4 years.PROS- Huge variety of exercise equipment- Two room with variety of classes- Pool, hot tub, sauna, steam room- Women's gymCONS- Always super packed- Staff can be rude at timesI love all the varieties this gym has to offer, especially their classes. You can usually find me at Zumba or Shabam.However, sometimes the staff is rude.. I've had a couple of experiences with some of the girls where they just beckon me over and yank my card out of my hand then shove it back to me. I mean...all you have to do is smile and say "enjoy your workout." How hard can it be?
3	This LVAC gym is really great, but can also be REALLY frustrating.The best part is that it has so many varieties of exercise equipment, classes, and types of trainers. They have different brands of machines and a huge selection for just one part of your body. The classes are great (e.g., cycling, yoga, weights). I really enjoy their ellipticals, which have a lot of different settings based on how you want to use them. I have had sessions with a couple of different trainers that utilize different techniques, and for the most part have been satisfied with a majority of them.The biggest problem with this gym is its location. It's at such a convenient place that EVERYBODY GOES HERE. It's always, always, always packed. There are always people here. It's very loud, very stinky, and sometimes you have to wait for machines. Big turn off. I usually work out very early in the morning (around 6am) and that is often not as busy as other times I have gone. It also is not very busy around 11pm and midnight. Their track is also really short; I think you have to run around it 6-7 times to have run 1 mile. Because it's so short, there are a lot of curves you take and that is too annoying for me, so often I don't use their track.While their snacks and juice bar is very good and fresh, it's also priced way too high.This location is good for people who exercise at the gym about 3-4 times per week, maybe an hour at a time. Great for people who work out really early or really late. Also for people who don't mind being around a lot of other people, and A LOT OF NOISE.If you're on the fence, here's one last thing: Ice-T's wife Coco works out at this gym :)
5	Quite Simply the BEST Gym for the Value I've ever been to. I'm form LA where similar Gyms open half the time charge $200 a month:Open 24 hoursTowel Service (Optional)Super CleanVery safe - twice i lost a phone and other stuff that were returned to meSuper Cheap - can get it for as little as $20 a monthGreat water stuff - Sauna AND Steam Room, AND jaccuzi, AND 2 pools!Great classes as early as 5am and as late as 9pmGreat modern equipment and rarely any waitGreat views of Vegas and Sunrise/Sunset (2nd story elevated unobstructed running track)Cafe should you get hungryFew if any freaky people observed - a miracle by LV Standards1 ConIn my Yoga glass the teacher is more overweight and less flexible than me.  However I found it more comical than bad.   Well, at least she has a good flexible spirit and the guts to teach a yoga class in her condition. I give her credit! It's more of a lesson in confidence building.
1	WARNING- BE VERY CAREFUL TO WHAT THEY SELL YOU AND WHAT COMMITMENT YOU MAKE!  Especially a warning for parents...They misrepresented to us the Daycare as a clean, sanitary, caring environment which my husband and I require to work out due to different schedules.  We would not have joined would we have known what we would really experience.One of our first experiences a year ago at the Eastern location was the daycare crowded an the staff was overwhelmed.  My husband walked right out with our son- no identification or questions!  Anyone could have taken our child! We immediately told the manager and got really no response or documenting the incident. We never returned to that location.  We then went to Flamingo and the times we have attended one or both of my kids 90% of the time gets sick.  Last date was almost 2 week ago- my son was throwing up 24hrs later and had diarrhea.  I tried to brush this off for some time because I know kids get sick but I no longer justify spending money to be a member when I'm fearful for my children's health and safety and I don't want to go because of it.  My older son overall has fun- but gets ill  and has complained about getting hit or kicked by others (lack of supervision) and he is 3 years.  My youngest that was 6 months when we joined and is now 1 year gets no attention. They throw these babies into a room, swing or play pin and leave them cry- then call you because they are crying.  One time I left juice with my daughter in a sippy cup and they did not remind me/tell me they will only give water so they let her scream. When I came to find out what was wrong 20 minutes later and asked if they gave her a drink they said no- we can't.  Really??  I said if you would have told me when I dropped her off we could have thrown out the juice and put water in it!!!   Many times I see these employees just talking and doing their own thing and not comforting the children.  It's hands off completely. They can also decide to close whenever they want to and put a paper on the door.  I have complained to the manager at the Flamingo location- again no sincere interest in the issue or documentation- just "we don't have anyone else get sick".  They say they spray sanitation every hour and professional clean the floors every night- this is a no shoe zone and my son comes out filthy with black socks when he went in clean with white socks.  It's disgusting.They won't let you cancel for any reason!  I no longer want to bring my children to these locations and can not work out with out a facility I feel safe with.  I was told this is not a valid reason to cancel AND they can take off my daycare (which again NOT LISTENING I can NOT work out without care for my children) and that I can try one of their other facilities (when I already travel 20-30 minutes to the one I'm not happy with!).Read the reviews and complaints and I recommend staying away at all costs!  I'm having to get Legal assistance.  This a a disgusting practice- they don't care and just want your money at all costs- they sell you the world and once you sign it's nothing you thought it would be- particularly for those with younger children.  I take my children's health and safety very seriously and can not/will not put my children knowingly in danger.
3	Super croweded all the time....I have given up trying to go to classes.  I can always find other machines though.  The kid area is pretty nasty, but no worse than the local mcdonalds.  I take my 4 and 7 year old there occasionally but I still refuse to take my 15 month old.  I feel like he will put something in his mouth and come home with nasty germs.  Plus, It's pretty much a mad house in there.  I don't feel like they are high on security.  I know my older two would only leave with me but a baby that doesn't talk and loves to hug everyone is a different story!!!
3	Man, this review has me conflicted. I love and hate this gym. I love it because anytime I come here I get a great workout. It's probably the second biggest LVAC there is. Lots of room and different machines. They have tons of classes and I haven't gone to many, but no complaints from the one that I have been to.  Another good thing about the gym is that this is apparently the "beautiful" gym. I say that because there seen to be a disproportionate amount of performers or people who appear to be that workout here. There's also alot more boatbuilders here than at most gymsThe downside is that this gym can just be a shitty gym at times. It gets busy, which I can accept because most gyms do but this one seems to have less downtime. Then you also can run into some people who are just rude in terms of sharing machines or letting you work in a set. There's also more "glam workout" people here than other gyms. I see girls in full makeup and guys in collared shirts, sunglasses and hats who just lounge around and take up space. I don't mind them usually but when I'm trying to get a quick workout or a super set in nothin can be more annoying. You come to this gym you'll get a good workout in, but you might get annoyed
2	My first thoughts on LVAC is "THIS PLACE IS HUGE!" However, size isn't everything! I came in here with a small group of friends to try it out and did their 1 day free pass. Our tour started out nice and welcoming, but then turned sour quickly. The guy at the front desk gave us a nice in depth tour explaining nearly everything you would need to know about the gym; however, once we finished the tour, I felt like I was being attacked like a little 4 year old in a pedophile's van. We were brought into a small office where the employee was pressuring us into buying a pass before we had even stretched or worked out! When we had decided to leave, the employee also made a big deal about us not deciding to buy a membership. Clearly, all they care about is making money.Anyways, more about the gym... They have a room where people lift weights and simply put, that room smells like a donkeys butthole. I normally enjoy free weights, but I think I was smacked by a wall of testosterone when I walked in, so I just turned and went upstairs instead. Most the gym equipment is spaced VERY tightly so if you're claustrophobic or don't enjoy crowded areas, this is not the place for you. I'd have to say the only perk to this place is that the gym equipment is nice and very well constructed (from a civil engineer's standpoint). Simply put, if you're on the fence about coming here or don't enjoy the smell of butthole, I would say avoid it, but if you have a good amount of friends who already come here and you can stand the stench then join at your own risk.
2	True, LVAC is a large facility, lots of machines, classes and locations. Also true is the LONG contract- I'm trapped at a gym that I refuse to use because it's too crowded and filthy. THE CROWDEDSeriously, maybe the fire marshal should do a check at this place- there is no way it's below capacity. I only do classes, so imagine my frustration in not being able to participate. If you get there super early you will get a "spot", however don't bother because when the class starts the room fills and there is no room to move. I'm not exaggerating- no space in majority of classes. THE FILTHPerhaps it's because there are so many people or perhaps they don't clean, perhaps I don't care! LVAC really needs to up the cleaning game. The floors are a petri dish of disease I'm sure is used by the CDC for infectious studies. The equipment is oily with drops of slime (really, maybe they should consider including free towels), another reason for my affinity for classes. Sad day when I have to "tinkle" before going to the gym out of concern for contagious things! I gave two stars because it's open and close to virtually everywhere. But I will drive to a more reputable facility the minute my contract is over. Just another thought, why lock unhappy people in contracts? Sure you may keep me, for now, but the amount of people I've given my honest opinion and who have decided to go elsewhere surely exceed the profits you are making off me.
4	Been a member here for a couple of years now and just renewed it for another 2. I shopped at a couple of other gyms nearby but a lot of them are around $30 a month and they don't even have half of the amenities that LVAC has. Basic gym membership is $20 a month (usually for a 2 year contract) which includes classes, pool, and sauna. There are plenty of classes to choose from, the staff is friendly and the equipment is always clean and up to date.
1	This place is a rip off! Don't listen to what their rep says when they are trying to sign you up for a membership. I was told I would be able to cancel my membership anytime I want, only realizing that I was stuck with them for 26 months after I signed the contract. I went to their office, wrote numerous letters, emails, nobody has ever bothered to help me.  After wasting my money for 20 months, all of the sudden I got a call from them  because I discontinued my credit card. When I tried again to explain my situation, the rep said she doesn't care that I was told the wrong information, and that nobody ever bothered to contact me when I sought help, she just wants me to pay.  Oh, HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	I HATE this location. I am ONLY giving it TWO stars because it DOES have A LOT of cardio equipment so there is NO shortage there. I do NOT like this location because no matter WHAT time it is, it it BUSY AS HELL!!! The ATC is full of people and i cannot find ANY of the weights I want to use... I am FORCED to go do cardio. WAAAAAAAAH. No but seriously, this place is TOO packed ALL of the time. Too many meatheads. MY GOD.
4	This is the best LVAC in town! I never have to wait for equipment, the staff is decent and I do not feel like I am in a roid-raged meat locker. Use caution in the parking lot because the crazies who are there to work out, don't believe in walking far to get to their work out. I have also seen several cars broken into so BE CAREFUL not to leave your valuables in the car.  Aside from that, there's something for everyone and the classes are kick %$@!
1	I currently have a membership at another gym in town, but wanted to find something closer to my new home. My fiancee and I stopped in to LVAC and met with Drew. He toured us around the facility, which seemed pretty nice. Very spacious and lots of equipment to choose from. We went in at 2:30 on a Thursday and there were plenty of machines (cardio and strength training) available. You're probably wondering why I only gave this location one star, right? THE SALES PITCH!!! I told Drew that I was hesitant about signing a 26 month (yes, you read that right... 26 month) contract. He proceed to call me lazy, saying that I didn't want to commit to working out for 26 months. I told him that motivation wasn't the problem-- that I already had a gym membership (without a contract) was simply looking for something closer to my house so I could make my trips to the gym more convenient. He did not want to tell me how much I would have to pay to cancel my membership if I was unhappy. He then said, "I see you're holding a cell phone. Bet you had to sign a contract for that, huh?" I told him that I didn't-- that I was on a family plan that was not in my name so I could cancel at any time. Then he proceeded to ask how much I paid each month for my cell phone bill. Are you serious?! Worst. Salesman. Ever. After I told him that I was uncomfortable answering that question, he excused himself to get his manager. The manager (I can't remember his name) was very polite and explained other options that did not include a 26 month contract. However, at that point, I had already mentally checked out. My fiancee may still end up joining LVAC, but I will keep my membership at my current gym and drive an extra 10 minutes. The extra time in the car is definitely worth the difference in service and attitude.
4	What can I say about this club that hasn't already been said? I've been coming here for about 7 months now, and I like it. It's a HUGE gym - probably double the size of the gym I used to go to when I lived in the Bay Area.Pros:- Indoor track- Good selection of machines- Separate free weights area- Fairly clean- Adequate number of lockers- Friendly staff- Decent variety of group classes- Occasional celebrity sightings- Good juice bar- Great for people watching- Conveniently located 5 minutes from home; 10 minutes from the office- Probably the biggest plus - the price: $22 a month + some changeCons:- Crowded most of the time- Parking lot is congested (I still manage to get a good spot every time)- A good number of ego-maniacal meatheads and diva wannabe's- Having to sometimes workout next to someone with a serious B.O./ halitosis problemIt serves it's purpose well. Until I find a good boxing gym nearby, this will be my regular workout place.
3	I've been going here since 2009. Before then I went to 24 hour fitness. I would say 24 hour has more "normal" looking people of all ages, sizes, etc. This particular gym has quite a bit of plastic and steroid guys. I guess if you can look past all that and ignore it and do what you are there for, it's fine. It's not as clean as I would like it (lots of trash that's not in a trash can). I have never stepped foot in their pool and it's too bad since I like to swim, but every time I see lots of men sitting around watching or not doing anything. It's kinda creepy. I like the women's only part of the gym and the smoothies at the little cafe.
1	The gym is really big, has lots of workout equipment and classes and is open twenty four seven. However that being said the gym being so big, it is ALWAYS packed unless you go early in the morning around 3 to 5 am or late at night and the parking sucks. Usually all classes are full within minutes so you can rarely utilize those. The biggest con of this company (not only at this location) is that it is the biggest rip off I have ever signed up for. I can only blame myself for signing me and my younger brother up. Our mother passed away and we wanted to cancel our membership because we do not have means for getting there or paying since our mom would pay for us. I called and explained the situation. The only thing they could do is for two months lower the payment to 11$ and then it would go back to 22$ for each of us. So now I am stuck in two, two year contracts that I have to figure out a way to pay for. I can not wait for the contract to be over. If you sign up for this place you better make sure to not have any critical situation come up for the next two years cause once you're in, you're stuck. The only way you can get out is of you move out of a twenty mile radius or pass away and that also comes with a 50$ fee.
4	I'm not a big fan of LVAC, as I think that they are rude and uncaring to their customers.  That being said, I signed up for a gym membership with them because I was desperate to lose weight after having surgery 2 years ago.I tend to go to this location around 5:30/6:00am.  Parking is never an issue, although I'm not one of those people who stalk others for a spot right by the door.  You're at the GYM.  You're going to EXERCISE. Walk an extra 50 feet.  It won't kill you, I promise.I usually go to the women's only gym, simply because at that time of the morning, its not packed, and I feel more comfortable without people leering at me.  Bathrooms and locker rooms are spotless.  I work an unusual schedule, so I don't get to go to classes as often as I'd like, however, Marissa H's yoga classes (the Friday morning at 6 is AWESOME) are my favorite.  I've studied yoga off and on for years, but again, was inactive for about 2 years after my surgery.  Marissa is attentive, and provides alternatives and modifications for those of us who aren't quite up to some of the harder poses.  She is always available to give tips and pointers, and is a great person.  Love her.I've also taken the CXWorks class, which is a 30 minute ab class.  I died.  It was amazing.I'm giving this location 4 stars, because the employees HERE and the facility are good.   I am not a fan of their Corporate workers, as they are extremely insensitive and rude.  But this facility, I would recommend.  I pay $22 a month and can work out whenever I want, holidays included.
4	I've worked out at this LVAC location for many years. The gym is competitive in pricing. Their specials vary, but with my membership I get a fresh clean towel daily, free personal training, and I can bring a guest twice a month.The facility is very clean. The floors and locker rooms are cleaned around the clock. No matter what time you're there, you'll always see the staff cleaning equipment. They offer many classes such as yoga, spin, boot camp, Zumba, and many others.The staff is all friendly, knowledgeable, and always eager to help.There's ample parking spaces, and the lot is patrolled by Security officers.I will warn you... While in the locker room, beware of Old, Fat, Naked People!
3	I've been a member on and off for many years.  The facility is clean and the people are generally pleasant.  The contract is a bit annoying for people who move around a lot like I do.  When I move out of the city I need to provide proof.  The month to month rate is ridiculous but it is the same scam as every other gym.  That said, I have liked this gym better than all but one.  Lots of equipment helps ensure that you can almost always use what you want.  The facility is worth at least four stars but the contract and the lack of any real website-based customer service is a two-star experience.  I'll go with three.
4	This location has been the biggest I've seen, whenever I go here I mind my own business. I just wish the stretching area is a bit bigger because people tend to hog up the space by laying down and going on their phone. My favorite thing about this place is the classes, I'm in love with the Zumba, hot hula, and yoga instructors. They get you so pumped up and ready to sweat! They all seem like they love their job. Lastly, the pool. Do not, and I repeat DO NOT go in the exercise pool. It's always warm and full of sweat because people don't know how to rinse theirselves before getting in the pool. I swear that pool is saltier than ocean water.
4	I like this gym,tons of equipment. Almost always able to jump on when i want. Open all the time.My trainer was great.I splurged for the VIP private locker room...swanky. I keep thinking im gonna see Ty Webb and Judge Smails in there .....haha
3	This gyms okay, lots of machines friendly staff, parking isn't a big issue but it tends to get packed.... Most likely because it's the new year. You can't go wrong with there pricing. I guess if your gonna work out go really early in the morning or late at night
4	I love my gym.... but only at certain times of the day.  Parking lot at the busiest times of the day is a nightmare.  It's like Christmas shopping all year long.  I want to say peak times are 5:00-10:00,  so I definitely like to go during the early afternoons.  It's pretty huge... you walk in, check in.... pass all the sales offices :P  and get to working out!  It's a 2 story gym.  Downstairs includes a juice bar/deli/work out snacks/workout meals area and table seating to enjoy your healthy meal/drinks.  Also downstairs:  the women's gym to go HAM w/out caring about nothin, the buff grunt area - where you can go HAM, get buff, and grunt like an animal and not feel like you're making me feel uncomfortable, and the lap pool and steam rooms.   Very large bathrooms downstairs that provide showers, lockers, changing areas... naked people.  Everything.Upstairs!  Fun classes!  Zumba, hot hula fitness, yoga--- stretching?! Stretching you say?  Yes.  It's hard.  You'll be dumb to think it might be easy.  It might be.  But it's probably not.  And so we move on- there are lots of machines to do easy or hard lifting, a stretching area with mats,  stretching spiderweb devices! [hahahaha idk what it's called], lots of treads, bikes, and ellipticals!   It can get pretty packed, but even though it's full of people you will find a machine.  Even if it's next to someone smelly and sweaty,  you'll find one.  *When you are in the treadmill/elliptical/bike areas there's a large wall full of TVs  set on different channels  to keep you occupied from all the hard breathing and sweat flying around. .. and most machines have tv's to watch the channel of your choice as well... so WIN!There is a daycare that is monitored by cameras.... but what's weird is, everyone can see the kids on a monitor if you have access to a TV..   I don't like that much. Maybe only allow access to the parents with the kids in the daycare?   Like- a key card or something?  Secret access?   all in all-- I have friends who come to the gym and have kids that go to the daycare who are happy with the services.. SO!  Around the whole top floor--- you can even run a track.  Yep.  It's pretty cool.They always have start-up deals-- usually 5.00 to sign up, or women free..
5	Best Gym by far in the west coast. Always plenty of weights and cardio machines available
5	Early morning workout are the best, especially after work.
5	Love it ! at first went in with a friend on their guest pass the other night but liked it there so much that i signed up the next day and been everyday since. my body is probably gonna be super sore but its all good cause I'm definitely noticing my body getting into better shape. And the steam room and sauna are doing wonder for my skin because i have eczema its all cleared up mow just from going into them once :) and my one year old daughter loved her first time being in a daycare when we brought her yesterday :D
5	I love Joe D. Zumba class. It's worth finding a parking spot. Its a great club for the price.  My child loves the day care.  It's has many cool features,  spacious, and friendly staff.  Thumbs up!
3	Wanna fit in this GYM? Wear the douchie combination of tattoos and a pair of Beats headphones.
5	Love the 24 hour aspect for the flexibility. I like going after midnight when I get off work It's less crowded but now that I mentioned it y'all gonna start coming at midnight right? That's ok I'll just start going at 9 am when y'all are still in bed or on your way to work. Flexibility doesn't stop there I love that I can get my workout in at any location for a very reasonable price where a certain national competitor charges more than that to go to ONE of their gyms.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed reading my friends' reviews of LVAC. There is an amazing variety of opinions on what makes a gym good. So, here's mine!LVAC is a gym. Can I end it there? No? I'm supposed to say more than that? Fine.I've been an LVAC member since... 2004? I have the oldest membership card anyone there has seen. There is every machine, device, and class you could want. I haven't ever though "hey, I feel like they need..." Yeah. Two stories of exercise equipment is enough. Sure, Rainbow location is larger but this will do. There is a sort of smoothie bar and cafe behind the front desk where you can get things to eat or drink just in case you decide to live here. Yes, you could probably live here. You can rent your own private locker and have towel service and take showers and get dressed. You can lotion up if you're dry and take on the unforgiving desert, if you wish.There are available options like personal training (hit or miss regarding the trainers), body fat measurement, towel service, child care, etc. These are convenient and I think the prices are reasonable. $21 for the middle "plan" as I recall. For a while they would promote women to sign up for free, which is annoying. They're just openly stating men want to come in to glare at women exercising - like a club (it really happens, though). But what if women want to stare at men? Why can't I sign up for free? (I kid)During normal busy hours, it's busy. This is normal. People are shallow and inconsiderate often. It's just more pronounced in a place where people are abnormally concerned about appearances judging by how often they're staring at themselves in the mirrors. It's like a club regarding attire sometimes. Yes, people sweat in a gym. Yes, people work out in the summertime more often than wintertime. No, the second floor will not collapse from someone dropping a weight or two. I hardly find these factors to be negatives about a gym. That's just the nature of the beast. Sorry, Yelpers. This isn't a 5-star resort. It's a gym with the conceited. Just work out and leave. That's the only way to do it right, because if you're serious about getting in shape - you just won't care.
1	I like the gym, but I hate its customer service so badly. They are very RUDE, mean, greedy, and unprofessional. I have been a member with LVAC for a long time. My brother just moved to Vegas, and I recommended him to switch from 24 hours fitness to LVAC. When we first came to LVAC, I asked for his one day pass because he wanted to see the gym before he decided to sign the contract. The representative was mean to us and had an attitude on us. She was talking all Sh*t stuff. I was so sad because she discriminated us in away that we are not "White Americans". I told her that she had an attitude on us, and she started yelling at me. I said I needed to talk to her manager, but she said there was no manager at that time. She said "go ahead and call the corporate" with a very loud and rude voice. She didn't let us to come in the gym that night. WTH!!!! I called the corporate, and they said they could not do anything because their company was so small and they didn't have customer service department to solve this kind of problem. At that moment, I understood why she dared me to call the corporate because she had already known she would not get in problem. LVAC doesn't care for its customers. I try to get out of my contract, but I think I am stuck with it because they said I could not break the contract due to this problem. The representative made me really really sad, and its corporation made me so disappointed.
4	Parking is always hit and miss but there is plenty of it! Seems to be pretty busy most of the time but the nice thing about a gym this big is there i always something available no matter what it is I am interested in doing! This is probably my favorite of all the LVAC locations!
4	I am one of those people that sticks to my hood unless you give me a reason to leave. When I have an LVAC just down the street from me, why would I leave to go to another one. The reason? Wednesday night yoga with Jenn K. She was so warm and inviting. Although I am not great in my practice, she kept me challenged while giving positive encouragement to push on. I cannot wait to go back and take more classes with her. Maybe one day I can become like David V. The rest of the gym is pretty nice, too. The cardio station is filled with new machines I have never used before. It's too bad that they are the hot machines and get swooped up quickly. The fact that there is a private section for midsection is sweet, too.
2	ive had my gym membership for almost 3 years now, while having this membership i also decided to get one at golds gym as well, lvac happens to be very close to me, and golds is a nice drive, but the reasoning behind the 2 stars is this! I am sick and tired! of waiting for equipment to be free, this gym over the years has become insanely packed at whatever time i have attended , It seems to be a meat market here, all i want to do is get in and get out!, they should make it a little stricter on the policy of equipment!, i usually work out in the ATR, so you think i would be fine with juice heads who are in it to ditch it, nope! i waited a whole hour!!! to do squats so i left came back the next day different time, same shit once again i was finally able to use the machine 3 days later! I just wish they would open another one up in Summerlin! If you are the type of person who has nothing to do alllllll day, feel free to come to this gym, you will be waiting a nice amount of time. BenefitsGreat StaffCheap membership Great equipmentAwesome classes.
4	I go to the Flamingo and Sandhill club just about everyday. The staff are courteous and the club is clean and orderly for the most part. I swim a lot and the afternoons are great because there are very few people there. The only place that could use a bit more cleaning is in the women's shower stalls, there is some mildew from all the use. A bit of bleach at night would take care oft that. Good work guys/gals!
2	This would be a 4-star if it weren't for an incident involving my daughter being scratched in the face by another child in the playroom.  Apparently, some child grabbed by daughter on both sides of her face and clawed down.  They weren't able to give me any specific information on how it happened... because they did not even know that it happened until I asked them.Facility is clean, classes are fun.
4	I find it interesting how the reviews can vary so much for this gym! I think most people have the good/bad/other covered, but what the heck, I'll throw my 2 cents in.I have been going to this LVAC for almost 2 years. Originally I joined this gym because you can't beat the class schedule. There are about 3958230958 classes a week, so if you can't make one, I am not sure what the heck your excuse is. My schedule has changed since I joined, so I no longer get to as many, or my favorite classes, but it is almost impossible to not be able to hit up a few. My favorites tend to be the Body classes (Pump, Combat, etc.) and Pilates. The good/bad about classes:Good: Overall Fun, taught by good/nice instructors (mostly, try a few different ones to find your fav instructor), most classes I have been to have a variety of people (sizes/experience levels, etc.) so it is easy to blend in. When you have accidentally walked in to a class you are nowhere good enough to be in, the instructors are still very nice and don't call you out on why the heck you are barely moving, lol, as long as you try :-) Bad: Can be packed depending on time of day/popularity of class. Zumba is pretty impossible to move comfortably in, due to people thinking 4 inches from your butt is enough room for you to move, but I suck at it anyway, so I just don't go. People also tend to come last minute/10 minutes after class started and sometimes will decide to set up RIGHT next to you. Since I suffer from TBF (terminal b***h face), they tend to back off when I look at them, but it can be a problem sometimes. The only other thing I do is run on the treadmills, and I have always been able to find one upstairs, no matter what time it is. There seem to be about 100. I have occasionally done the machines in the womens gym either early morning or weekends and they are never that busy either. Other than that, the bathrooms are usually clean, there is almost always someone, or several someones, walking around cleaning, and the gym always looks good to me. You do have to park far away a lot of the time, but really, you are going to a gym, consider it your warm up! Front desk people can be nice or very not nice, but I don't really give a crap considering I am there to work out, not have a conversation...I guess that also goes for the general population of the gym, but really I do my own thing, and don't worry about what else is going on around me, so overall, I think it is pretty good as far as gyms go and I am happy with my membership.
3	The setup is awesome with plenty of selection. ATC is my favorite and conveniently by the Mens locker. This place gets packed in the afternoons up until 8:30 its ridiculous!
5	Love this gym. The staff, including the coaches, are always very nice and do a good job at keeping the place, especially the ATC as neat as they possibly can even during peek hours. The only thing that gets frustrating are the high school kids that come in flocks of 5-6 at a time and hang out and play around on machines rather than actually putting in any work. Other than that, we have the HOTTEST people at our gym. I've been to a few of the other LVAC locations around the valley and there are definitely not as much eye candy (both guys and girls) at any other places like this LVAC.
2	For being a cheap, over packed club, this place is pretty good for the money. I can usually get the equipment that I want. The problem is that in the showers both in the restroom and near the Jacuzzi there are a number of members who like to hack up phlegm and spit it on the floor. It is so disgusting to hear that when I'm trying to chill out in the Jacuzzi.I have complained to management two times about it and I wasn't happy with either response. The first suggestion I got was go get a manager and take them to the person that was spitting. Well I don't think it's a great use of my time to get out of the Jacuzzi go shower dry off put on my clothes and go chase down the manager only to find that that person may have already left the area. Today the manager told me that they cannot afford to hire a full-time person to watch the showers to keep people from doing this bad behavior.I suggested that they put a simple sign up in front of the shower head in three languages Chinese (most important) English and Spanish. Both managers have told me that the signs won't work because nobody pays attention to them. That response is bogus because signs are everywhere and they do serve a purpose. These managers are lazy they are just giving me a shine on and they don't want to put out the effort to try to correct an annoying and disgusting problem.
1	SCAM ALERT!!!! Wow..... I've never been ripped off like this. We had just moved to the area and this was the closest gym, so we took a tour. Seemed like a decent place. The guy that signed us up assured us that the gym never got much busier than it was during our tour (that was our main concern). When we were hesitant to sign up, he said we could cancel anytime as long as we gave a 30 day notice. He completely flat our LIED to us. The gym was always about twice as busy as when we took our tour. We dealt with it for a few months, but after continuously having to wait for machines we decided to cancel and just drive further to another gym. When we tried to cancel, guess what......... nope. They say we have a 24 month contract and they won't cancel it. I explained that the guy that signed us up said all we had to do was give a 30 day notice. She says sorry but still can't cancel it. I asked for the name of the gentleman that signed us up so I could speak with him. Nope, she can't give me that. I asked for a copy of my agreement since I misplaced mine and his name was on it. Nope she can't give me a copy. I asked for a supervisor to call me back....... nope never got a call back. I waited weeks and then started email correspondence. Same answers. No supervisor has ever called me even after emailing them. Their employees lie about the contract terms (obviously to get commission) and the company will not hold them accountable. Those are the facts. They don't even want to simply investigate to see if their employees are lying. As long as they get people to sign up, they don't care. BE WARNED - DISHONEST BUSINESS PRACTICES. Drive further and go to Gold's or 24 Hour fitness. Both are extremely better as far as customer service and they are both much less busy.
4	Been a member of this gym since before it was finished building. Great location, close to my house. Parking is fairly easy, despite the mass amounts of people who come to this location (like every other location)New building design. Clean for the most part. First floor with women's section, locker rooms, pool, wet/dry sauna, and weight room. Second floor with machines, track, racketball rooms, and two training rooms for various classes. Come here a decent amount for the classes. Primarily the various yoga classes with my friend. Great teachers. All very nice and supportive. Only complaint is the dirtiness of the jacuzzi, but thats primarily because of the people who are rubbing off their dead skin in it ... EW !
4	So many people are quick to say they hate LVAC, its huge, its a factory, its too busy.  Yes, 5 pm on Jan 2 it will be jam packed, 5PM april 2, still busy, but if you can only work out at 5pm thats what you're going to get anywhere, so why not get it at a place that has 3 or 4 of every weight machine and like 10-50 of every cardio machine.  theres tons of classes, spin and body pump are my faves.  The best things In my opinion are the fact that its 24/7, and that theres a womens only steam room/ sauna.  Im fine working out with the guys, but practically naked with them, no thanks.  But there is a co-ed if you go with someone of the opposite sex, or you know like picking up on people at the gym! Haven't tried the juice bar aside from buying water, which isn't too overpriced.  Don't have kids or anything either.  But for 10-25 bucks a month you get gym access city wide, 24/7  and a ton of classes.  its a great deal.
3	Always busy and crowded. Best time to go is either late at night (10pm or later) or super early in the AM (6am or so)Pros: -The Facility has decent selection of machines and free weight. -Sauna and shower (note: bring shower slippers or water shoes if you use them)-Their juice bar and cafe-The front desk staff does a good job greeting everyone as they check in. -Membership prices are decent -Various valley locations-24/7; 365 -spacious lockersCons:-The affiliated trainers are kinda rude. One encounter I can recall was when one female trainer was texting on her phone and I was walking back to the locker rooms (after my workout) and she accidentally shoved me and didn't even apologize. I was pretty offended.-During peak hours there are a lot of D.B.s-Equipment is rarely cleaned; extreme lack of hygiene -Parking lot gets  packed during Group Fitness hours-No one re-racks the weights -_- (its so annoying trying to find plates when your in between sets)
5	Great gym.  They keep it very clean and the parking lots always have security.  The staff is very friendly and they keep the machines well maintained.  Each LVAC gym has their own personality however.  Take a tour of the gym you would be using and make sure that this is the gym for you.
5	Love LVAC. Mind your biz and you get things done. Lol not be here on a machine to talk on your phone and text and look for folks to talk to. :) if you're about it(putting in work) then you're good. :)
5	Best gym in vegas. Huge work out areas. Many kind of work outs. Pools, spa, aerobics and great free weights area
4	I got a great deal a few years after forking over $$$ signing up for some three-year contract in the beginning. I was desperate to workout with all the massive eating I indulge in. Initial thought was that it's massive in size! I go early in the morning so I rarely have to wait for the cardio machines. Obviously, it gets busier in the evening because that's a popular time to workout. They offer a good variety of exercise classes. The popular ones like Zumba are packed though. They also have a small females only workout area. I wish it was bigger. They have a huge area for free weights and weight machines. I like that they have a sauna and a steam room for females only. They also have a pool, a hot tub, daycare center, indoor running track, and a racquetball court which I don't use. They also have a juice and snack bar. The gym is decently clean. I see employees cleaning often. The crowd is typical of any gym. Meatheads who need to work on their legs more, beautiful plastic people who probably work at the nightclubs or strippers, fat people trying to lose weight, people who are already in shape and maintaining their shape, anorexic girls who need to eat a cheeseburger, etc.For the cons, I have used a few of their personal trainers. I didn't find any of them useful. One guy was late about half an hour, no apology and not friendly at all. Another one was too bossy and seemed to hate his job. The third trainer was a nice female but a bit clueless and unorganized because she didn't have a set plan. I gave up on the trainers after three unsuccessful tries. The front desk staff are either OK or not friendly at all. Some say hi and have a good workout but a lot of them need to work on their customer service skills. No hello nor a smile, they just take your card and swipe it. Say hello, damn it!
1	This place is just too busy. It is impossible to train here unless you come here at 3am. It's located right off of the I-215 on Flamingo.LVAC has a child care center, juice bar, indoor track, women's training room, free weights, machines, studio classes, cardio equipment, and racquetball courts. There is also a good sized locker room.The cardio area is adequate and there are plenty of machines to choose from, but there are too many members here. Peak times 7am to 10am and 4pm to 8pm plan on waiting for a stair climber.The machines are not maintained very well. They usually are repaired once they break and a member reports it to the front desk. It doesn't seem that there is any preventative maintenance going on here.The free weight room is just packed with machines and benches which leaves little room to maneuver through the machines. Also, there are so many people that do not return the weights and dumb bells to the proper racks, which makes it difficult to train here. It is also has too many people in there from 8am to 10pm to train.I miss the Golds Gym on Sahara & Decatur and the Golds on Sandhill. I guess the days of training in a real gym are long gone.
5	Nice , clean and professional gym little busy from 5-7  but for that price can't get better than that .
1	Deceitful billing practices. We signed up, paid the pretty high initial package and then never received a bill to renew at $98.00 per year - they claimed that the bill was sent to us and then sent back to them. Funny thing is we've had that address for 12 years. Just recently I got mail from them saying they wanted us back (for more than that $98.00 per year). So they HAD our address all along. When I called to inquire a (very leaning toward the rude side) woman told me we'd have to pay for the big package all over again. They wanted us to pay all over again for the big initial rejoin package. Ya know, a gym is a gym, they're really not that special and I was willing to fight how busy this club is IF they honored the annual membership we'd initially agreed to.  AND, I would be delighted to REMOVE this review and re-rate them if they honored the $98.00 per year promise they made to us. I love hero stories...I love it when a company cares enough about clients to make things right.
1	Told us we could pay a $40 penalty to drop our contract early. Not true, now saying we have to pay a full 2 years to cancel. I'm going to just let it go to collections, then pay it later. Don't go here, people care more about being cool and hanging out than working out anyway.
4	This is another classic case of you get what you pay for. Membership dues and monthly dues are extremely low. This is actually my favorite out of all the clubs.It is the newest out of all the clubs and has all the newest equipment and nicest racquetball courts. The parking lot is giant but please don't spend 20 minutes looking for a spot!!!
4	My husband and I joined about a month ago, and we love it so far. Our kids enjoy the playroom, and I'm pretty comfortable leaving them there for 2 hours. Even though a lot of the reviews on here say that people have to wait for machines, we have never encountered that. We are always able to find two treadmills right next to each other to get our cardio in, then we go our separate ways for strength training. I have utilized the juice bar a few times, though slightly overpriced, they are fast and yummy. I wish they had more stretching cages, because we do usually have to wait a few minutes for those. I have only taken one class here, Body Combat. Man oh man that class was intense but so much fun! The instructor (I can't remember her name) was amazing in coaching me along, with it being my first time. The parking lot gets super full, we always have to go during evening peak hours due to our work/kid schedule. But I guess you shouldn't really complain about having to walk a little bit on your way to the gym. HOWEVER having to walk super far to your car after an intense workout, with your infant and your toddler, can be a little frustrating. All in all we are happy with this gym, and the dues are definitely affordable.
4	Beautiful gym
4	Yes, this gym does get busy.  Yes, sometimes a little more maintenance can be done.  But with that being said, it's a great gym.  I had gotten my membership about a year ago and sadly haven't started using it much until this month.  I go almost every day now and usually leave happy.  Everything is clean; members are considerate, and even though you may have to wait for a machine, I've never waited longer than 5 minutes.However, one thing that drives me INSANE - but is totally not LVAC's fault - I've been a swimmer for quite some time.  I usually go into the fast lane, but there are only two lanes.  So there's someone SUPER slow in the slow lane, and a moderate person in the fast lane - I hop in and seriously need to pass someone even circle swimming. A lot of times they don't move over to the other lane, and I totally understand.. maybe one or two more lanes would have been awesome.But, the protein shakes at the juice bar are divine. :)
4	When my two year contract with LVAC was about to end, I debated on whether or not I would be renewing or canceling my membership. After speaking with a representative on the phone and them offering me a good rate for the year, I decided to keep it.This location is my favorite for a few reasons: - The two row machines near the Cardio Entertainment Center- Clean locker facilities (I always see an attendant cleaning up in there)- Friendly staff members checking you in- The dry sauna - Lots of cardio equipment, fixed machines, and free weights.- They sell Power Crunch Bars at this locationI find that the parking situation at this location is better than the others. They offer a huge variety of classes that range from yoga, to pilates, BodyPump, and Zumba.
4	I like this LVAC...Solid night crew! The place is always clean, the guys at the juiceBar rock and tons of parking. What more can ya say...it's a gym! They do a few creepy ass old folks by the pool occasionally....Lol
3	It's ok. Some equipments need maintenance but over all it's ok. I like the sauna and steam room after a good work outdo thank God they have it here.
4	This location out of all of them is my favorite just because the staff is pretty professional for the most part and I barely have to wait for machines as long as what I normally do at some of the other locations! The LVAC juice bar is always a hit after a great workout! Very nice employees! This particular facility is amongst one of the cleanest! There's nothing worse than working out at a nasty gym! Locker rooms stay clean as well! This gym can get super busy so depending on your schedule it's best to figure out what times aren't as busy because even with all the cardio equipment you can still be out of a machine. Plenty of parking and safe from what I've seen comparing to some of the others! If you can afford to pay out your whole membership do so because the whole two year contract is beyond me, and a nightmare to break!
1	If I could give a zero star rating I would. -DO NOT SIGN CONTRACT- sales agents are full of their own garbage. They say you can cancel your membership at any time... Ya if you pay off the remaining balance of a two year contract!! F*&^$ING Liars. DONT MAKE THE MISTAKE I DID. LVAC JUST WANT TO STEAL FROM YOU AND SEND YOU TO COLLECTIONS!!!!!
4	Amazing gym! I can't give it a full 5 star rating because I am a little disappointed that they don't have a basketball court  but everything else is pretty awesome! I moved to this side of Las Vegas in April and decided to drop my 24HF membership for this gym since it's nearby and has essentially everything I need to get a great workout and more! 2 year agreement but of course if you plan on moving out of town they will cancel the membership for you since there are no LVACs outside of Las Vegas...duh. My first visit at this location was a little overwhelming the parking lot was so full and I didn't get the tour (hubs did when he signed up for the both of us) the place seems pretty huge from the outside but once you find your way around it's not too bad. I think I came on a night where they had really popular classes too so that may have contributed to the overwhelming feeling.  They have an indoor track upstairs which is pretty neat! It breaks the monotony of running on a treadmill. Raquetball, 2 group fitness rooms, tons of cardio machines and some weight lifting equipment up there as well. The group fitness rooms are a comfy size though it does get cramped when Zumba is in session...Located downstairs is the women only gym area, the big weight room with free weights and whatnot, the men's and women's locker rooms, the pool and of course the nutrition bar! All of the equipment at this location is fairly new, I have yet to see any signs up indicating a machine needs repair. So far so good! Happy workout y'all!
5	Great place to work out. The membership is a great and very clean facility.
4	Impressed with this location- I'm closer to the Rainbow and Sahara locations but needed to make up a missed bodypump class and the online schedules show that this location has more weekend options.Location is huge. Parking lot is, too, but somehow it doesn't feel as unorganized as the one on Rainbow. Staff is friendly, present, and actively maintaining the facility. Locker room is huge, women's only section has ample space and equipment. Appreciate that there are cardio machines with individual screens in this area, instead of only in the shared co-ed space as at other gyms.Group classes are held upstairs in a gigantic space with wood floors and mirrors- appreciate that the mirrors in front go all the way to the floor so you can continue checking your form while down on the bench (Rainbow location lacks mirrors, Sahara's start at knee-height.).Overall impression of this location is that it is cleaner, bigger, and more heavily trafficked- and receives increased classes on the schedule, in an increased space, to keep up with demand. Which means more workouts for me!I only wish it were closer, as it's a bit out of my way.
4	This is seriously the nicest and cleanest gym I have ever been to, not to mention with all the new machines and the juice bar which is a added bonus. The vibe here is great compared to other gyms here in Vegas.
5	I have been a member for over six years. I moved from 24 hr fitness,dirty locker rooms and work out area. When a machine broke down, it was weeks before it was repaired.LVAC has someone cleaning constantly. If a equipment breaks, it is repaired usually within 24 hrs. The price is the best I have ever had. Equipment selection is excellent.
1	This is for all LVAC gyms: You are all rip-offs with prices that fluctuate terribly. I didn't mind paying $22 a month but you go off promoting $19/month and yet you don't want to match it? I called the billing department and you straight lied to me about it ranging from $19-$22 max. First off, you charge my friend $23/month. I believe that's more than $22, do you not know how to count or? And what's so hard about matching the price of what you're promoting? Your gyms are big and spacious, I'll give you credit for that but truly, your customer service sucks. Thanks for ripping me off. Sincerely, canceling my membership with you guys. This is for anyone who plan on joining their contract. Be aware of getting over-charged. For all I know, some of you could be paying $24+.
3	I love the indoor track, but the gym is always packed and it's hard to find parking. Also, the staff Isn't very friendly or willing to help.
3	I love this gym. Upgraded and gorgeous. But too many people. You have to fight for parking. Parking is always full. Machines ways have a line. I don't see any one disinfecting the machines. They need to be cleaned. Good gym, but way too crowded.
4	Love the amount of equipment they have.  Especially in the gym for women.  Have to get in around 5 to get mirror and weight space, which I am totally fine with.  Last thing ill say is many people go here because the cost is not high but if you lose your debit card call with the new number right away.  Otherwise they charge a practically 25 dollar late fee.  Who wants to pay double???  Personally I'd say connect it direct to your bank account.
4	Everyone has their own gym agenda! Knowing this, my review is from my agenda. I like a gym that I can go to before work 4-5 days a week, push some weights around, shower and go to work. Done! I don't care about classes, or that stuff. Just not my style. And for that this gym is GREAT! It is big, lots of equipment, friendly staff, clean. The facility is perfect for what it is, and the price point is perfect as well.Why not 5 Stars? - In every gym, you have those thoughtless selfish patrons who never put stuff away, cleans up, etc. I know, you are thinking these meatheads are at every gym...but, there seems to be a larger than normal amount of these guests at this particular gym. I spend about 10% of my personal workout time cleaning up after other guest. pulling the weights that they left on the bars, so I can use it, wiping down sweaty disgusting equipment, searching for weights left on the floor. This one aspect makes LVAC not perfect, even though it is not the gym's fault or responsibility to babysit these selfish guests.Overall- I am always happy to be there, and happy I actually got out of bed to make it!
4	New and clean. I'd rather go to this location of it were closer. The machines are clean and brand spanking new. There are more workout machines and the design is way better than my location at eastern. I call my gym the save by the bell gym. the sauna here works better than the one at eastern aswell. Great gym and wish I lived in this area.
2	So many people love this gym but I'm not a fan. The roe that signed me up made a lot if comments towards my gf and I that made us uncomfortable. We decided to ignore them because the price to work out there is so cheap. We got our memberships and started working out. It just seemed that this gym was full of strippers and meatheads not really my kinda thing. It's so weird to see people working out in full makeup and trying to be sexy while working out. Honestly we couldn't help but stare at times. Also all the guys that would bother us or just stare when we worked out was annoying. What made me really hate this gym though was that I had surgery so I brought a doctors note to cancel my membership. They never did! I finally got a bill from a collections agency because of them. I was told everything was taken care of after I brought them the note but no it wasn't. Just be careful when dealing with this gym. 24 hour and lifetime are wayyyyy better, or at least in my opinion.
5	This LVAC is a great place to work out. It is a pretty busy location, so if you like to work out in privacy this wont be for you... But the staff is awesome and its extremely clean. Every time I am here, I see someone cleaning the bathroom and the customers seem to do their part in cleaning the machines are use. The workout class schedules do very so you will want to make sure you check the schedule before trying to make it to one.
5	LOVE this LVAC! I used to go to the Lake Mead/Rainbow LVAC, but then I moved across town and now go to this one. Even though it's a little older, I like this location much more. It gets VERY busy, but still has plenty of machine options. Truthfully don't spend much time on the cardio machines so I can't say how clean they are, but everything else in this gym is clean. The sauna and pool set up is always clean, which is hard to find. Overall, great gym.Also, there's large number of attractive gym-goers here (who doesn't like a little eye candy while workin out...)
1	do not come here horrible gym, staff harassment specially when your husband trying to help you out. parking horrible, gym is basically a meat market. staff rude, dirty disgusting gym.and no free wifi trainers jealous with their CLIPBOARD
5	Love this gym! Me and my wife coming here for more than 4 years now.This is still the biggest gym in Las Vegas with all the good machine and the great classes that my wife always go.
