2	this reminds me of the ghetto mall from my home town...very...abandoned.  i came by here in the AM in search of a pair of cheap flip flops for my vacation.  as i walked across the parking lot a creepy car was passing by and slowed down to take a look at me.  first the dude just said hi, started to drive away and then stopped and tried to call me over.  i walked a little faster so i could get inside.  there's a macy's and a dillard's in here, so i wouldn't consider it a complete failure, but you know you're on a downward spiral when there's a Fredricks of Hollywood with a Bling Bling stall right outside. they had an old navy though, and god knows old navy makes cheap ass flip flops, so i was set.
1	A co-worker just got car-jacked here at knifepoint last night.  Can anyone say Ghetto Fabulous?Do you have an old car you're trying to get rid of?  Camera ads?  Craigslist? Ahh, too much work.Bring it on down to Metrocenter, someone will gank it!According to a law enforcement study done last month Metrocenter is the most popular place in the Valley to get your car stolen.  Klassy!And according to a Stevey study conducted last month, just a quick look around the skanky store mix, trashy and/or gang-infested clientele and deserted area concluded that this is one scarey-ass, ghetto-fied mall.  (not a scientific study, btw)This mall is way past its hey-day (1975-1985).  It's a really sad place now.  Visit at your own risk.
1	When I was in junior high I used to tease my bangs and hit Metrocenter Mall with my girlfriends. Last time I was there was about three years ago to see a movie...and I haven't been back since. Holy crap this mall got ghetto.
1	This mall is scary!  Back in the early 00s I worked there and it was getting bad then -- think jewelry store holdups, constant fights (gang and non-gang related), and TONS of car thefts.  The mall used to be good, in the mid 90s, but it really has gone down hill.  Many of the stores are even crappy.I wouldn't waste my time or money here.
1	I first came here thinking I would find some of my favorite stores but the only thing close to somewhere I'd shop is Aeropostale and Old Navy which by the way, always smelled like crap literally as if the sewer busted there. I first asked my hotel desk attendant what I can do in the area that would be fun and memorable, she handed me a Budget rentacar map.  Clue: Get out of town NOW while you still can!!
2	This mall is located near my office and sometimes I head here to do a little shopping on my lunch break or right after work. I always end up spending way more money than I intend to here because I tend to duck into stores when I hear escalated yelling between two groups of obnoxious future GED recipients. This happens a lot.Pros: Forever 21 (closest besides it is AZ mills), Macys, Victoria's Secret.Cons: Chick Fil-A closed, Unusually high risk of filling out some sort of police report.
1	Thousands of people immigrate to our country in the hopes their children will build better lives for themselves. Many of these children succeed. Those who don't hang out in Metrocenter Mall. Simply put Metrocenter is a haven for wanna be hoodlums of all varieties. Avoid like the plague.
3	Now...Metro center mall...a very lively place as it next door to other shopping areas..yet the mall..is how you say...ok?the mall it self (the interior) is very nice indeed,  a modern, classy 21st century shopping outlet..which has it's good variety of restaurants, apparel shops, and entertainment stores..i come here for a variety of reasons...1. They have the store All4Anime, which is a little dinky anime shop located in the right-back corner of the mall. I come here to snoop around and look at their awesome stock of anime products.2. They actually still have their arcade! I come there after i eat in the food court, which is located across it. I play Capcom v.s SNK here.3. Suncoast. A large store that has a LARGE stock of movie memorabilia and anime stuff.--Everything else is crap! There are some closed stores and restaurants that are just there to fill up space for no reason.---A cast of strange people go there. Punks,Goths,Thugs,Hobos, you name it!  FINAL VERDICT! : I would go here for entertainment stores (for games,dvds,), if you want a silent, normal shopping area go to Arrowhead mall...which is mainly for clothes..
2	Dear Metrocenter,It has come to my attention that your new gang name is Ghettocenter. I just want you to know that I really think Casper, Shilo, or Crazy Loc would've been a better choice, but still, hit me up when you get that tear drop tat on your cheek.. k?JUST OPEN A WALMART AND BECOME CHRISTOWN ALREADY!Peace.
1	Holy shit this place has gone down hill.. like all the way to the bottom of the hill, into the water below, sinking to the deepest depths which then sucked itself into the fiery center of the earth. Metro center, is now Ghettro center. I was honestly afraid to walk in here.. but it was on my way home and I wanted a new pair of shoes. Here is a recap of todays ghettocenter adventure..I park my car, and am approached by two enormous black rappers asking me to buy their homemade CD with "Akon on track 12!!", in order to help them support Phoenix. Are you kidding me? How the hell is this supporting my city?! This is supporting your weed habit, dicks. NO.Next. I walk into entrance 1, and am surprisingly not shocked to see that I am the only person in the entire mall. I proceed to walk through the place and hit up every shoe store possible.. this was manageable because there were a total of 12 stores left open in the whole place and 8 of them were shoe stores. The others had names like K Momo, and HotLove filled with racks of what I call disposable clothing.. shit that only lasts 4 washes before its in pieces. I walk the entire mall and browse every store in under 20 minutes.. all the while being eyed by every male, and female in the place. Maybe because I was the only white girl. I don't know. Saddened by the state of this mall, as a result of the state of our economy, I become more and more depressed about being unemployed. I become so depressed that I indulge in a Cinnabon, the only food available besides Annies Pretzels. I almost ate 2, but the fiber filler in the dough got to me, so I felt like vomiting instead. I leave the mall, thinking I have the right exit, but I was wrong. I needed to be upstairs rather than down. Unfortunately there were no stores open to be used as a landmark to identify which exit I was at, only corridors, so I got a little confused. Finally I find my way out to the parking lot, as a tumbleweed rolls by, with a group of crackheads peering at me from around the corner, I find myself back at my car. I leave, satisfied with my purchase of super cute Chuck Taylor's, but vow never to return again. ever. I would rather go to Chandler Fashion Center, which in itself is the biggest oxy-moron Ive ever heard of.. Apparently this place used to be cool.. but I'm pretty sure I was an infant when it was at its high point. Sad.
2	Ha!  I totally thought I reviewed this place, but I must have confused it with Desert Sky Mall instead.  Can you blame me?  This mall is marginally better, but we still fondly refer to it as "GhettroCenter."  The clientele here is fairly shady, so you better not be afraid to mingle with them.  The food court is trying really hard to be cool, and they do succeed with the really cool Phoenix map by the bathrooms, other than that the food selection kind of sucks and the layout seems kind of silly.  As far as the store selection goes, it's very average.  Overall, it's not the WORST mall to go to, but I generally try to avoid it.
1	Does anyone even go here? 'Nuff said.
2	If you like cell phone stores/kiosks or urban clothing crap then this is your place.  There is really not much else of value here.  There are only about 7 stores in the entire place and the rest is vacant.  Although once in a while I have to go during my lunchtime at work to pick up something random and the place is dead so it is quick & easy to get in & out.
1	Metrocenter used to be the mall to go to in the valley a long time ago, but now it's the place you want to avoid. It's a large mall in size, but with the demographics changing around its surrounding areas, a ton of its stores now sit vacant. Along with the store vacancies, it's also the number one place for car jackings in the valley. There aren't any unique stores in Metrocenter, so it's not like you'll have a reason to go there. The atmosphere is also unwelcoming, and a lot of the times I feel anxiety walking through the mall.
3	Well i finally got to visit Metrocenter mall last weekend after attending a spring training game in Maryvale. Now i have been to a lot of malls and i mean a lot...in fact i have been to 7 of the top 10 largest malls in North America and Metrocenter wouldn't be high on my list for great malls but it is a good mall. I have noticed that since i moved to Arizona people's idea of luxury and shopping are a little miscued. I don't know what you people expect from a mall but some of these reviews i have read are totally ridiculous.Hey Jason B. the mall has more than 7 stores buddy...if your going to write a review tell the truth at least. As for the rest of you i don't totally disagree that the mall could use some improvement...but perhaps you should visit some other malls outside of Arizona and you just might find that this mall is not that bad at all. Now the day i went was on a Sunday and I noticed the mall is very large in size...pretty clean...and everyone seemed pretty friendly to me. The store selection is just like what i have seen in most what i like to call "community malls".Stores like hat club, Lids, Footlocker, Sports Authority, Lane Bryant, Torrid, Hot topic, Bath & Body Works, Just sports, aeropostale, macy's,  sears, old navy, finish line, gamestop, GNC,etc...in fact i only saw 3 vacant properties in the mall and 2 of those were slated to have tenants in them by this summer. So maybe i was wrong about the mall (ummm...not) or you people just don't know what you are really looking for in a mall. The food court was decent....and the prices i found to be average considering the neighborhood. I think that is a key factor here as well...this mall is only a few short miles down the way from Indian School Rd which is one of the worst neighborhoods in the city. So the fact that the mall draws some unsavory characters doesn't surprise me...and for those of you who have been here in phoenix for all these years it shouldn't surprise you either.Now i wish i had been here 20 years ago to see the Metrocenter Mall in all it's "Glory" but by mall standards for 2010 and considering the neighborhood it is near...trust me it could be worst. If you were wondering i have been to Arizona Mills Mall in Tempe, Fashion Square in Scottsdale, the Arrowhead Mall  in Glendale (which is very nice) and the Fiesta Mall in Mesa, which by the way is an average mall in itself compared to Metrocenter....all in just the last month and a half. So please people get your noses out of the air...and realize what you really want in mall before you go to one because there are plenty of choices in the Valley. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!!1
1	I remember Metrocenter when it was THE place to go on a weekend.  I would go with my friends, catch a movie (before Harkins was there) at the United Artists or AMC outisde the mall.  This whole area had just so much stuff to do and shop.  Remember when they filled Bill & Teds at the mall? Watch the movie to give you an idea of how huge and thriving the mall once was.I drove by there the other day and it seems the only thing thriving is the one small strip of newer shops facing Peoria.  Starbucks, Fatburger, etc.  That's it.  Even the Barns N Noble near Olive Garden looks like its ready to close down.I literally drive around the entire mall and that's when I noticed that almost the entire parking lot was empty except for what was in front near the theater.  Im hearing rumors that they want to turn the mall into charter schools and businesses.   Yeah.. that sounds like giving up to me.  Why not bulldoze the place down and create a new place like Desert Ridge or Tempe Marketplace? Ghettocenter, Castles & Crap...  Get rid of it.  The whole area is just bad and needs to be demolished. RIP Metrocenter (cira 1973-1995)
1	I haven't been to Metro mall since 91. Wow, I was in for a shock! My first clue should've been that Monte Carlo with dark tinted windows creeping by and a lady going inside with a bad highlights in her hair, she looked like a skunk n 6 in heels. I should have read yelp before I went there. Talk about being on ghetto blast! Lol. My son says to me, "mom, I think this place is some kinda gangster hang out". So I take a look around, everywhere I looked shady, ghetto, gangster- looking characters. And then my fren points @ Fredrick's of Hollywood. We decide to leave n I see a spray painted blue vehicle looking thing with no wheels bouncing/shaking everywhere inside the mall. I asked my fren, WTF is that? she tells I think it's a simulated ghetto van for the kids. Can't believe they would go that far to attract ghetto slum buckets. I will NEVER go there again. Lucky my truck was untouched n came out alive!
1	This mall is incredibly disappointing from how nice it once was.Most stores are closed, and the ones that are open seem to be fly by night stores. If you buy something and anything happens don't plan on it being there to help you fix any issues.All the good stores that were there all are gone. Even the Dillards turned into a clearance center , which has , what feels like no air conditioning.Although the food court looks great, with nice tables, chairs and flat screens, there are just empty restaurants.Simply drive a little farther and visit Arrowhead or PV mall. The area stores around the mall are where you will find what you are looking for as they have remodeled the surrounding area. Great finds .
1	Oh my, what a depressing experience.First of all, even a year ago I would have given this place 3 stars. I'm not one of you jaded Yelpers that is reluctant to venture northwest of Scottsdale & Camelback, and unlike most people who reviews malls in the west side, don't crap my pants when I see a few kids with their pants sagging. Get some culture.Anyways, this was a depressing experience. I just wanted to get a pair of jeans, but there was nothing good in either of the two stores that sold them--American Eagle and Aeropostale had no good deals. Every shopping experience was a pain, including:-Hot Topic not carrying the one album I'd actually buy from a Hot Topic-Silver Effects being a ripoff. $21 for earrings that I can buy for much, much cheaper. It's buy one get one half off, but the next size of them (gauges) were $17 *each*, and the sales rep admitted that it made the deal pointless. She was pretty cool, but obviously didn't care about her job.-The Sprint store is not full service, just sales. That's to be expected in a mall, I guess.I'm just really irked because everything about this place was frustrating and depressing. It's so bad that literally half the stores and kiosks are closed. It's so bad that those teenage thug wannabes don't even try to sell their CDs, and no one waits at the transit station because few buses run through.Even the food court was half empty, with the only place open being ran by some stoned-looking teenagers who weren't even trying. While eating, I spied the CCTV display in the food court. Classy. I'll stop ranting. This place is dead. It has potential though--Lombardo's gelato is back, and if it's the same stuff as always, it's the best gelato I've had in town. Hopefully it can be saved by businesses looking for a cheap startup.
1	They should tear down this mall and build a.... well, anything else really. It is almost as crap-tacular as Spectrum Mall which should be renamed Ghettoville. Visit these malls if you're looking for a gang to join. Drive the extra 30 minutes to anywhere else.
2	This review is for 06/11/2011. Well, I got my things done earlier in the day and I had to visit one of Phoenix's malls. My GPS told me about the MetroCenter Mall. It looked big on the GPS and I decided to that way. Maybe it was a mistake to head this way....I arrived to the MetroCenter Mall around 10am after a busy morning doing some errands. Since I am an L.A. Guy, most malls are always full of cars. All I saw was nothing..A BIG NOTHING. There were a few cars, but the parking lot was HUGE. I thought this area was infected by zombies or something. Then, logic kicked in and I knew the economy had to be an issue. The mall seems like a place, in the past, where it was a watering hole for the locals. Now, it is dead quiet.I walked in at the SportsChalet side and it was confirmed. It was dead quiet. It was quiet and a lot of the stores are empty and closed. The only thing going on around there was the food stores, a couple kiosks, and a lot of sports apparel stores. Really?! It was depressing inside. I am not even sure why this mall is even running.I walked up to a Customer Service Desk and asked of things to do. I was given great advice by the lady. She is the only reason why I didn't give the mall a One-Star Rating. She gave me some activities to do, but I didn't get to do any of them because of my time frame. After asking her, I continued on to nothing. When you think of a mall, you think of lots of activity, but this is just one big million dollar nothing. How is this business even running? There is a theme park next door, but that is also quiet. It was a weird feeling, but reality kicks in and you know you are witnessing how the economy is affecting business. Oh wow, there is nothing really to do here. The only time it will get busy is Christmas when temporary shops set up and sell. Time to leave this void and hopefully it will be better, if I return. The Yelp Universe. Where are you traveling today?
4	It's the only mall in that area where you can hit up walmart, get yur nose pierced in the kiosk, get some smelly lotion at bath and body then hit up Costco for a hot dog and some cheap gas?!
1	What the heck happened to this mall? Yes, I realize we've come a long ways from the glory days of the early 80's when this was the biggest mall in Arizona and I believe, the biggest mall in the entire Southwest. In fact, this mall was so big that teens would come from miles around to shop, ice skate at the indoor rink in the mall, and cruise the circle drive around the parking lot.Even in the early 2000's, when I worked at a bank in Glendale fairly close to the mall, it was headed downhill, but still a place I would go on a quick shopping trip.Today we stopped to look for some items at the Dillard's Outlet and then walked into the mall for a little bit. What a ghost town! The mall has only three places left to recommend it to visitors, the previously mentioned Dillard's Outlet, Sports Chalet and the Harkin's Theatre.Overall, a disappointing and depressing experience.
1	All good things must come to an end.As for the metro, like The Format would say ' In with the outro,And out with the old."The neighborhood and economy really destroyed this place. I am AZ Born. OR Educated. Too see this place and the degradation it has been exposed to...its was only a matter of time till this once champion of mall was reduced to such a deflated and dilapidated state of existence.NOte; Dont visit after dark. Bring your gatt...R\_
1	R.I.P. metro. I will always cherish my days of ditching class at Washington to spend countless quarters in the arcade. Yeah, you are a little ghetto, but who/what isn't that is within 5 miles of you?
2	Its been a while since ive been here. 40% of the stores are closed now. Its dead over there. Go to arrowhead if youre on the west side of phoenix.
2	Wow this place has really gone downhill since I moved here back in 2006. There are not a lot of stores left in this Mall and I am not sure you can really call it a Mall anymore. Some of the stores that are still there even close early. It is sad as it used to be a pretty popular location. Now the pickings are slim :(
1	I went to this mall the first time last week because it was near my doctor's office. I was really disappointed, so many stores were closed and there weren't many stores I even wanted to shop at.
1	I miss the "Metro Midway."  If you enjoy shopping for shoes and baseball caps look no further, other than that there is nothing left.  They have added a movie theater that smells like cat food, so I guess that's a plus...
3	I was here about a year ago and man it was sad. I came back two times this past month and it was decent. It was during x-mas shopping and there were not hoards of people gawking and crowding every store. Granted there are about 15-20 empty stores but who goes to those anyway?The mall was extremely clean inside and out. The patrons were mostly Hispanic families shopping for Xmas. I did not see any hoodlums as reported before. There seems to be several phone stores, hat stores and sports stores. My girls liked the cheap jewelry stores like Claire and Tinkerbell or something. The 2nd time was during lunch after Xmas. There was bunch of hoodlums near the bus depot but nothing I couldn't run over in the truck if need be. It is sad to see such a great mall reduced to a mediocre mall but who knows... they could bring back the ice rink!
1	Scary mall.  Every other store is closed.
1	why cant you give zero stars??? This place is trash all the way around. If I witness another fight in the food court I might just join in a give some stupid kid a beat down. Oh, and don't even get me started on mall security at the place. Wonder why every store is pulling out!!!! When a cheap ass store like Forever21 pulls out, you know the mall is bad. Just look at the photo of the needle and used condom wrapper i came across in the parking lot.
1	Ghettoish mall, no stores. Well they do have some stores, and a nice food court, but again, ghettoish......
1	Im not here to comment state of the mall, I just think there is a shortfall in decent offerings at this center.Worth the drive to PV or Arrowhead in my opinion.
1	This place just keeps going downhill every year, seems half the retail spots are empty and even the strip malls surrounding it are dying. Not sure what they can do to save this place but as it is now there is little reason to visit besides the theater.
3	Mall doesnt have the best stores but has a footlocker, eyebrow cart and bath and body works which are some of my favorites! Tons of parking as well! Def not your hang out kind of mall but since its conviently near me ill support the place!
2	This mall blows... wait is it even a mall?? First off it's extreamly small, about 20 shops with those weird annoying little kiosks in the middle. Secondly almost all the shops in this lame mall are slightly hood/ghetto. I can count at least 3 stores in there that sell those weird baggy shirts with logos on them, gold chains and ecko pants.. Yea, those kind of stores...Third, it smells. Yes, it smells in there.. I'm not really sure what the smell is but its not a very good one.. There are a few decent things about this mall though which happen to be the food, theres a costco hot dog stand which has hot dogs and a soda for like a buck fifty, cant go wrong there.. Theres also a radioshack, gamestop, jcpenny and a Harkins theater.. but thats about it when it comes to good things about this mall.. AVOID THE WALMART at all costs! You'll wait in line for over an hour, its CRAZY!
5	Loved this mall back in the day. Nothing wrong with it today if people would shop there. Great central location and lots of good places to eat.
3	Metrocenter Mall is okay for browsing the mall and window shopping if you are bored.  We typically go there and enter from the east side and will stop for a massage, to see Santa ( Christmas season ) and enjoy pretzels.  The mall it self is safe as their is visible security and Phoenix Police coming and going.  If you enter from the west side ( where the theater is at ) you will go away with a different opinion of the mall because of the clientele ( wannabe thugs and gangsta's ) but to be honest everyone seems to mind their own business and no one really messes with anyone at least not all the times I have visited.
2	Okay, so this is one of the worst, if not THE worst mall in Metro Phoenix, possibly Arizona all together.  I remember coming here when I first moved out here and feeling like I walked into an alternate universe.  When I first came here many years ago, it was in worse shape then it is now.  They had an indoor skating rink, tons of teens running around and just a really bad place overall.I stopped coming here for a long time because there was really no reason.  The people were shady and scary, the few stores that are here I can find anywhere, and it just wasn't a positive experience.  I know that every mall can't be 5 stars, but I never thought that it could be this bad....I mean, why not just shut the place down already?Since I've last been back here, some things have changed. Yes, it's still dirty metro center, but the skateboard track is gone, the shady kids are gone, and it seems like they've cleaned it up a little...and I mean a little.  It's not as crappy as it was when I first got here, but this place has a lllllooooonnnnnngggggg  way to go to repair the bad reputation that it has earned.The reason I gave it two stars instead of one is solely based off the fact that A) they have the Maricopa humane society in here with pet adoptions in an old pet store. You can adopt cats or dogs from here, along with donate things like pet food, towels or whatever.  THIS is awesome.  I go and visit the pets while I'm here, and the place is always well staffed, clean and friendly.  B)  They have a dillard's clearance center to go shopping at, so you can buy some clothes at closeout prices.  They have done some improvements since I first came here years ago, in regards to cleaning it up, but it still needs a lot of work. ton's of empty stores, etc.Aside from that, its the slum mall that one would expect.  Lousy food court, questionable people and overall this place has gone to the dogs.  I wish they would either bulldoze it or do a 180 and make it into something decent instead of leaving it like it is...
2	MetroCenter Mall didn't seem all that bad from the outside as we passed it on our way to check-out Castles & Coasters but all of the negative reviews made us skip it and go to the Arrowhead Mall instead. The area Metrocenter Mall is in is not all that savory and looks like it had its heydey sometime around 1986 (or before). It needs a major facelift and some good PR!
2	There aren't very many stores opened here anymore...dissapointed
1	Wow - what an experience.    I rarely go to this mall, and in fact I rarely go to malls.    Today I was in the area and decided to go to Sports Chalet looking for something "Cardinals."    Lo and behold - no more Sports Chalet.   I don't know when it closed, but obviously another hit to this declining property.    When I first moved to North Phoenix in 2001 you couldn't find a parking spot at Christmas time, and even Detour Dan did traffic reports from his Metrocenter flyovers for the benefit of shoppers.   On summer days when people want to get out but also want to "stay in," it was at that time a destination to kill time out of the searing heat.     I could have shot a cannon off in there today and hit no one.    The food court was nearly empty, and the stores were deserted.     Since I was there I took a swing through the whole place and couldn't believe the blight.     Decided to swing through Macy's, and for the life of me I cannot understand why they continue to pour money into that store with hardly any customers.   Of course, they had hardly any merchandise I'd want; that's all over at the other malls apparently.     I think it's time for the wrecking ball.     That's a nice chunk of property that could be made into something.      I'm not bothered by the people that are there as other reviews suggest, though the stores are not my type and they cater to what little "crowd" they do have.     Time to call in the demolition experts, level it, and build something else.      What that would be I don't know, but what they have is a waste.    Sad to see what was once a thriving retail center die such an agonizing death.
1	In the span of 30 minutes I saw two different things that will keep me from ever going back to this mall.I raced into the mall having to use the restroom badly and when I got into the bathroom I saw a girl standing up, leaning against the bathroom stall, almost asleep (high as a kite), having peed herself.  The cleaning woman who was tending to the bathrooms almost walked right by her until she saw my disgust and decided to see what was going on.  This girl was so gone, a friend had to come in and sit her down on the couches by the food court, urine staines and all.Next, I was upstairs walking by what I thought downstairs was a free car, until I saw police lights on top and a couple standing by the car.  I glanced down to the first level and realized that the couple was taking a photo of the male with his hands behind his back pressed up against the car. What a way to make a mockery of the AZ police Metrocenter.The ONLY positive is the Maricopa Animal store in the mall. THAT. IS. IT.  I feel bad for the people that have to work here and see the disgusting people meander into their mall. Clean it up!P.S. After talking about my experiences at the mall with a friend, she said she'll never go back because last time when she brought her kids.  Apparently, a raunchy rap music video was playing in the food court, which glorifies the idea that women are objects and can amount to no more.  In a FOOD COURT??? I get that your main demographic is high kids that pee themselves in your mall, but people DO HAVE KIDS. Inappropriate.
3	Metro center is a dying mall. However it's not as bad as people make it out to be. In reality there's no reason to go there with most big stores closing down. Though just the same there are great deals at the discount Dillards and others if you're willing to look. If you go on an evening Friday or Saturday, yeah, be prepared to feel uncomfortable. If you visit during daylight hours on any weekday or weekend, it's not bad. Just don't throw around bad looks and respect anyone else, and they'll do the same. I'm a middle class to upper middle class dude and have never ran into problems just because I don't judge people. I stop by metro from time to time. It's never a bad experience, but it's never rewarding either. So if you're willing to spend the time to look around for deals (they're everywhere because the mall is desperate) then it's not a bad option.
1	Sweet God have mercy. There really is nothing to say about Metrocenter that hasn't been said a million times. But personally, I love this place....this empty space of a place. Lets slowly creep and look behind your back as we review Metrocenter...~What To Do~WELL... there used to be a lot more. Ruby Tuesdays is gone, so no flagship restaurant is housed here. The arcade has been long long long gone, as is the ancient and forgotten ice rink. There are some shops, the typical ones you expect at a mall this size. There is also a Harkins at the main entrance, it is a fairly large Harkins, compared to some in the area.~The Good~Honestly, there is very little. The best thing about Metro is the Dillards Clearance Center. A clearance center....that's the nicest thing. I love this Dillards, and I shop here exclusively for my super nice clothes. The cheapest bargains in the state are at this store....Just come here and dig in! The two last anchor tenants left are Macy's, located centrally within the mall, and Sears. Most of the stores have great sales year long, at almost outlet store prices, mainly aimed at driving in some resemblance of a crowd. They have some other outlet style stores with good prices you do not see at other locations as well...~The Bad~*Scratches head*. ..... WHERE, oh where, sweet little unborn baby Jesus, should I start? I could start with the evident lack of oversight of this once pristine mall in North Phoenix. I could discuss how the consistent miscalculations of management derailed my favorite mall in my neighborhood. I could discuss how the last true department stores, Macy's and Sears, are clearly not hitting their numbers each month...its obvious. The food court is just sad, and I am not a food court guru. They have a sushi place, that is awesome....but holy hell, not one big-time chain that makes me remotely interested in eating. There are nicer movie theaters on other parts of town, and I choose to go there since the entertainment is better there as well. Of the tenants that are here, a couple are hawking cheap merchandise, one sports store is selling off old Glass Cage Sports merchandise (just look at the tags).. Its the epitome of a (insert expletive)-mess. It's actually embarrassing to say this was MY mall. I took pride in this place. Store after store after store have left, and I see none of them coming back. Its just as bad across the street, where Best Buy left many moons ago, and within the past few years Sports authority followed suit. Sports Chalet just left too. It makes me depressed, actually.....a mall, makes me depressed. It's sad, guys. Metro is shell of itself.~The Downlow~You know what this mall reminds me of? It reminds of the 9-digit disaster called the "Scottsdale Galleria". Remember it?!?! With the state of the art IMAX!?! Albeit, the Galleria lasted nowhere near as long as here, but its the premise of being an unused hulk. Metro in a sense is now the primary "White Elephant" in Phoenix. It just stands there, a shell of itself. I suggest coming here explicitly for Dillard's shopping center, they get one lone star for the Dillard's Center, it is outstanding! Maybe catch a movie too, the Harkins isn't the worst in the valley, its just in a wretched spot. Besides that, I am at a loss for words. Its just sad. So yea, come for those two things, enjoy the day hunting for bargains. Other than that, just pray someone has a chance to figure out a way to get this monolith bustling again...if that's even possible.
3	I am not that fond of this mall but it's okay. This was the go-to mall for people my age in high school and I never got the hype.  i unfortunately have to agree with some of the other yelpers that the problem with this mall is the people. I remember a creepy elderly man hit on my here when I was 16 after asking for the time... and then calling me beautiful and asking for my phone number... haha. There seems to be obnoxious teens around a lot and I'd hate to think in my age (23) that I haven't forgotten what it was like to be a teen but I think there's a difference between being a teen and being a rude little a**h***. The arcade closed, I think this was the mall that had the shop with anime and other Asian goodies inside and it closed... i think... either it closed or I passed by it and didn't notice. haven't been here in a long time. ILast time I went it was hot as hell inside. Oy.
1	This place is a cesspool and probably the worst mall in AZ. Crummy area, crummy mall, crummy people hanging out at the mall. It's really not safe and I would never go alone with my kids or hang around at night. I worked there for a year and there were multiple arrests and gang activity. It's just really disgusting.
3	It's not to bad but  it seems as if the stores are leaving. They just added a Rainbow" store so don't count Metro out yet.
1	This mall is slowly dying. There are a lot of empty store fronts and the places that are there don't look like they're doing so well. I guess we can say it's a little ghetto fabulous? LOL. This mall isn't even classy enough to have a Panda Express...they have some knock off place called Jade and it's just a big oily mess. Unless you want your car broken into or stolen you're best bet is to shop elsewhere.
1	This mall is sad. You will actually feel bad for this mall. Only a couple shops are open and they are either shoe stores, clothing or cell phones. The food court doesn't make any sense and not very inviting. Also there wasn't a mrs. Fields cuz I was craving cookies. LolYour better off going to the flea market for better stuff and cheaper prices!
1	I don't usually do this, but...This is what a decent mall from the 80's looks like after a zombie apocalypse. Seriously, it's sad. Depressing. And probably the worst 45 minutes of a vacation I've ever spent in my life. Our journey began in Dillard's (the family dollar version). There was no distinction between departments, there were no mannequins, sale signs were written on plain white paper in permanent marker, it was a mess. Basically it was a glorified garage sale. Once we entered the mall, it seemed as if the few stores that were operating were holding on for dear life. My son gripped my hand as if we were walking through a haunted house. My wife did the same.Please do yourself a favor. Avoid this mall like the plague! There is nothing remotely close to desirable within those walls.
2	I remember when Microcenter Mall was a cool place to hang out when I was a teenager.  It is sad that this mall is run down and a lot of stores have closed down.  There are still a couple of good stores in this mall.  One of my favorite stores is in the mall.  It is the Dillard's Clearance center.   Hopefully one day this mall will get better.
1	This place is a wasteland. Zombie mall shambling forward for absolutely no reason whatsoever. The only redeeming feature of the surrounding area is an in and Out Burger.  It looks to be about 75% vacant.  This entire area needs to be reworked. Avoid this mall. It will give you the sads.
3	The stores in this mall are decent, even though at present only about half of the store spaces are occupied - a combined effect of the economic crisis and a decline phase in recent decades. But the mall has gone through a renewal phase as well; at present the whole complex is clean, brightly lit, and well-maintained. Hopefully it will overcome the  stigma that arose from its past decline, and the recent appearance of several new commercial and dining establishments in the MetroCenter vicinity should help.
3	I was just thinking something about this mall and I just had to post this: I am generally not a fan of malls. I hate crowds anywhere so that probably taints my opinion of a lot of places.  My wife and I went yesterday. For a mall I guess it's pretty good.I've been coming to the Metro Mall ever since I moved here years ago. It was my favorite. I guess in some odd way I can't really explain it still is my favorite. Maybe it's nostalgia I don't know. that being said this mall has really gone downhill in the last couple years. Ok maybe longer. Much longer.... I know compared to other malls around the valley this is not much of a the happening mall  anymore. Like I said for some reason I still have a fondness for it.Even though this mall has declined in the number of stores that are open in it over the years there still are some decent ones left. Like Macy's, Sears, radio Shack, Spencer's, etc. ....Metro Mall is very clean, and brightly lite. There is plenty of parking, extra security roaming the parking lots during the holidays. I do wish they had better restaurants in the mall but with their decline over the years many of the better places closed up shop. However there are plenty of wonderful restaurants to meets every desired appetite and taste around the Mall (Metro Parkway).During the holiday's it's amazing how beautiful they got this mall to look  and how  busy it can get. Go there during the week (even during the holidays) and there's no crowds. Amazing!******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean? ********************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
1	Mall opened at 9am for Christmas hours, but when I walked in at 9:10 half the lights were still off and only 1/3 of the stores had opened their doors. Walking through the stores, they were filthy--heavily stained carpets, crooked shelving, and dust and dirt everywhere. I was hoping for a better experience since this mall was closer to me than others, but I will not be returning.
2	This mall is just not the same as it was about 15 or more years ago. I really miss the Ice skating place and the department stores are closed up. Not much in business here. :(
3	nice deals
1	If you want GHETTO, this is the place. Went there only because it contains the closest Lenscrafters location & my son had to have glasses today. The mall itself is in a decent location but MANY stores are out of business. Lots of hood rats running through the mall yelling obscenities, playing grab ass etc. Food court is dismal. Some of the "restaurants" are run by quite the shady types with handwritten signs posted "CASH ONLY." Unless you absolutely positively have to have something from here, I WOULD AVOID this dump.
2	This mall used to be really awesome years ago. A mall where you could hang out with your friends on a Saturday. But if you go there now on a Saturday, it is relatively dead. The only customers you see are usually high school thugs, pregnant teens, and crabby seniors.Most of the really cool stores are long gone and the mall always seems in danger of closing for good.
1	What happened here? This mall is on the decline for sure, im pretty sure there are just as many vacant spaces as there are open stores. On top of that half the stores that are there i've never even heard of or seen anywhere else. This is a little surprising considering the area near this mall has been upgraded with more popular stores and restraunts.
2	This really is a place that embodies the "Meh. I've experienced better." rating. This place has such potential. Good sized property. Great parking lots. Clean and well-kept. Plenty of retail spaces for stores. The problem is, the lack of stores that are actually in this mall.They have a really large Sears anchor store, a Dillard's clearance store that has a ton of stuff to go through if you don't mind searching, and a few other brand name spots (Foot Locker, etc.) but other than that it's a mash up of random shops and empty closed up shops. One half of the mall is pretty much completely closed up.We found some good deals in the Sears store, and spent about a half-hour meandering around and enjoying the A/C during the high-heat point of the day, but otherwise there wasn't much here to bring us back.Overall: CA great deal of potential to be awesome, but compared to other malls in the area, it's just not worth it right now.
1	Missing lots of stores, is old looking, disheveled, and dirty. Very crowded despite being horribly cramped and messy. Everything about this mall screams "don't go here." I'd give no stars if I could.
1	This place is everything but deserving of it's name:metro(politan)- densely populated around an urban corecenter- something of major concernmall- a series of shops or retail businesses linked together in one connected buildingMetrocenter Mall is anything but, it is 50% empty and consists of closed down or unrented store fronts. The existing store fronts are small unknown named shops selling wholesale type clothing and a handful of stores anchoring this mall like; Sears, Macy's and Bath & Body Works.Other than the lack of shops, the people, just pass on this mall- don't worry you're not missing anything!
2	How do I start? Soooo, the first thing that comes to mind is SKETCHY, straight-up hood, and 'Annie are you ok, are you ok Annie'!  This mall is so pitiful. It was so much potential. You are considered very ballsy if you visit this mall. Why is that? Dillards outlet is the BEST thing about this establishment. There is a Macy's, Victoria's Secret, Foot Locker, Bath and Body Works. So those are the "high-end" stores... ;-)  Then there is K-Momo, Wave, BBB Fashions and everything in between. This place has yet to fail to entertain me. It is not well-kept; do not have any expectations when you go.
2	They call this a mall. I'm OK with making the drive to arrowhead mall instead. This is has so much potential but it's as if they have given up on it. I remember in the past when it seemed like a real mall. I don't even know why we bothered coming in here
1	I used to think Metro Center Mall was an okay mall, but sadly, it's declining every time I visit.  They have that messy Dillard's Clearance store that feels like you should get tetanus after shopping there.  Also, their Forever 21 closed.  I know I can't say all, but many teens and twenty-something's consider it a staple for a mall.  The food court is horribly overpriced and there's nothing wow about any of the options.The last time I got my toes done at the nail salon here the lady gave me a cut!  And then she had the nerve to try to charge me $30 for a basic pedicure when their menu said $20!The parking lot is so dirty and I'm always worried that my car will be broken into or stolen.  The stories I've heard don't help.I used to visit this mall for years because of its convenience right off the I-17, but lately, I don't think it's worth going to when I usually leave irritated.
1	I'm not sure what happened to this place, but I have been told that Metrocenter Mall in it's heyday was a terrific mall. If that's the case, then it is a shell of it's former self. The place just feels rundown as soon as you walk in. Every once in awhile you will see a storefront out of business and eventually you will find an entire wing devoid of any stores. I'm not certain how any of these stores turn a profit, and I feel for them. The saving grace of this mall is their food court, but usually my main intention when coming to a mall is to shop, not to eat.
