4	Pretty sweet this new place here at Town Square!  It's just not the candy store but also a full service restaurant and bar.  Making this review short since I'm just putting it on blast via my phone so just the highlights for now.Dining area indoors has mixture of booths table and seating at bar.  Outdoors has nice heat lamps and also flat screen TVs are out here too. It's American fare cuisine.  Burgers, salads, dessert pancakes and waffles, savory and sweet crepes. Portions are average.  Prices are in line with restaurants here at Town Square.Deep fried Macaroni n Chesse pops apps,  chicken fingers, red velvet pancakes, dessert waffles dish, Red Velvet Martini and grown up version of a Root Beer float was our picks.. All were great!  Didn't have room for dessert though. Service from the time we stepped foot and left the place was EXELLENT!  All their servers are well trained. Everyone friendly and helpful. There's a small section of the restaurant that is dedicated to sweets included their signature Couture Pops. The Hello Kitty one has a charm!  Sugar Factory American Brasserie is going to give the place across the way a run for their money. Especially the Happy Hour 3-6pm time frame. Martinis and specialty drinks are also on their Happy Hour menu which also consists of 1/2 off burgers and appetizers..AND.. Happy Hour is ALL DAY on Monday!!!  How freaking A AWESOME!!! .. I'm there!
2	Brand-new sugar factory here at shopping area it's off the strip it's more restaurant space not very much candy it's mainly just for cocktails more like a said more of a restaurant so it is not all that spectacular seems to be a little bit close to the same price on some things bit more higher so you're not missing anything special but it's missing all the glitz and all the glam.
1	First let me say I love the Sugar Factory on the strip so we were so excited when they opened in town square. Now let me say after eating there tonight we will never go back to the one in town square again. They brought out our food and gave me something I did not order. They went back to fix it.....was suppose to be a buffalo chicken sandwich which was suppose to be buttermilk battered and the second time I got grilled chicken with buffalo sauce. When I asked a food runner who had just delivered food to the table behind us if it was suppose to be fried he said he always saw them come out grilled and he said the kitchen must not know how to make it. (Huh??? Arent they the ones that should know) When I asked my server she said it should be fried and the foodrunner I asked was only a busser and didn't know what he was talking about. So she went back to fix it for a third time and when it came out it was the same sandwich I sent back but it must have just been thrown in the fryer because it still had grill marks and was just browned slightly. Not to mention my sons food was cold and didn't come with what we asked for on the side. The server did apologize and we know it wasnt her fault the food was so horrible. The manager came over and offered us free dessert but we declined politely because we figured we would rather pay for dessert at Yougartland rather then stay there any longer and he just walked away after an almost non existent apology. I guess they don't need repeat business or realize I already blasted our bad experience on facebook and friends who thought about trying it will now pass. Next time we will go to Yardhouse...and watch as people leave here disappointed.
4	When I first heard Sugar Factory was coming to Town Square I was beyond excited. As a recent transplant to Vegas from NYC I am still not in love with the concept of entering a casino just visit a great restaurant or see a movie.Ambiance- Love the decor! lots of chandeliers, sparkly, beautiful, and romantic.Service- A star was lost here. Our server had between two and four tables while we were there and she was LOST. We had to ask for drink refills, the wrong side came with my entree and the bus boy who brought the food smoothly apologized and brought over the correct side. The waitress appeared confused and brushed it off saying he would fix it. She had one other table!! We asked for a dessert menu twice...Our fondue was brought out without the flame underneath and she said "they are supposed to do that for me." 5 minutes later it comes back to our table without an apology. The busboys made up for her lack of service and tact. We stopped in for an early dinner after a day of shopping and with bags in tow we were shown to a nice sized booth. We ordered the Onion Rings to start they were perfectly crispy. For entrees we had the Steak Bordelaise served with Steak Frites which are like fresh thick cut potato chips and a salad. It was absolutely delicious and a spot on Medium with a beautiful char. The black Angus Filet was ordered medium rare and it too came out perfect. The quality and taste of the meat was apparent. Their mashed potatoes might be the best I have ever had. We also ordered a side of grilled asparagus that paired nicely with our steaks. For dessert we had the hazelnut fondue for two, it was sooo delicious. I enjoyed the white chocolate bread and the strawberries the most. Although the food was great the service took away from the overall experience. If this was a planned dinner and not a spur of the moment stop in you would be looking at a 3 star review.
4	Town square location. We were walking by when noticed a new sugar factory! I've been wanting a goblet for so long so of coarse half off drinks, appetizers, and pizzas we ate here!(Lollipop passion & white gummy were very good)Food was good, our server lorenzo was very nice and helpful with all our questions! Good local spot, may be my birthday dinner location, who knowsss :)
3	It's really nice to have a new restaurant with a big menu in Town Square, especially one that is reasonably priced so I was very excited to try this place out.  My boyfriend and I went in for lunch and it was pretty slow so we got seated right away.I wanted to try something different so I ordered a crepe.  They have four to choose from and I was leaning towards the BLT crepe, but I didn't really know what to expect so I asked our server for her recommendation.   She recommended the chicken and mushroom crepe because she loves mushrooms, AS DO I!  So of course I take the recommendation.  My boyfriend ordered a boring old club sandwich.  When our food came out and I started eating my crepe, I realized it was the BLT, not the chicken and mushroom.  Unfortunately, it was not very good. There was a lot of sauce and very little bacon and tomato.  I tried to eat it but had stop at almost halfway through, and it's a pretty small portion so I didn't eat very much.  I debated saying anything because I felt bad that it WAS my original choice before she gave her recommendation.  Finally I decided to just tell her that it was the wrong crepe. She was SUPER SUPER nice and apologetic and immediately took off of our bill even though I objected.  My boyfriend's club sandwich was pretty typical, but good.  They put avocado on it, which gave it a little extra oomph.  Next, we moved onto dessert and ordered the Cookie Jar Sundae.  It was huge!  This could easily feed 4 people.  It was amazing!  So much ice cream, chocolate chunks, whipped cream, cookie pieces.  YUM.  We finished this between the two of us like little piggies. So even though my crepe got messed up and the BLT crepe I ended up getting was not very good, I'm going to give them 3 stars based on the excellent customer service we received from our server.  I'd like to go back and try something else, and hopefully it will be a higher star experience.
5	First let me say, "I love this concept!"  It's just fun.  You can't walk through the doors without immediately feeling HAPPY!I chose to sit at the bar this visit because  I wanted to just hang out a bit and get a feel for the place.The bartenders were a lot of fun, really helpful too.  I  could tell they liked what they were doing.  They were really interactive and gave me the run down on the place, the menu and some of their favorites.  It was before 5pm Vegas time :)  but the drink menu looked so good I had to try one and if I can offer a warning, it was really good!  I could totally see myself having one too many and not even realizing I had alcohol until I try to stand up!  I did keep it to one drink :)I was eating light so I had their crepes with strawberries, yummy!!  I can't wait to go back and have a full dinner and maybe just one more drink!Overall this was just a really great experience and I'm looking forward to visiting often with friends.
3	I wish i could give this more stars just because our server, Melissa, was super Nice. but she should prob brush up on her menu knowledge...the drinks and food were not impressive. The drink "Lollipop" shows 3 lollipops and candy necklaces in it, it came with one, false advertisement for a $30 cocktail. The description even says it come with lollipopS! The bruschetta was tasty but not a sharing portion. My chicken Marsala was a huge let down. Never try it here if you love chicken Marsala... My sister had the tomato soup with grilled cheese, that was probably the best part of the meal. Its a cute place but dont think I'd return and pay full prices again. Maybe next time i will come during happy hour..
5	For the TS (Town Square) Location:Came in with a party of 5 and was seated right away. It was extremely busy for a Monday night so you know the place is desirable. Inside looks amazing, has a nice  white bar and table tops with gorgeous chandeliers down the back wall. We got an Almond Joy martini,a S'mores martini, Blue Ocean Goblet and a Passion Punch Goblet as well as a classic Margarita. SO GOOD!! all this drinks were very tasty (their specialty) For apps we got the baked brie, popcorn shrimp and a bruschetta and two of the girls got french onion soup to start; all of which were amazing! Usually bruschetta  and french onion soups are hit or miss, well Sugar Factory's TS were definitely A HIT.Next came a Tuna Melt, Tuna Tuscan Salad,Bleu Cheese Bacon Burgers and the best grilled cheese sandwich ever, had 4 different cheeses in it! Plus they have candy, lollipops and merchandise you can purchase before you leave!The food was great and the service was well above anything else I've experienced at Yard House or Brio. Would definitely recommend to any local or tourist in Town Square for the day, GO TO SUGAR FACTORY TOWN SQUARE, so good!!! A+
5	YES! Theres finally another sugar factory in town! I stopped by the opening of the sugar factory a couple weeks ago and I was blown away! From their delicious goblets to their grilled to perfection burgers I couldn't have asked for a better evening.Me and two others promptly seated even though it was busy and the customer service was exquisite! Right from the moment i walked in the door the vibe was set with the upbeat music and the eye-catching chandeliers! The whole place just has a sparkle to it! On top of the looks, our server was amazing. She was so happy to be working and it definately rubbed off on us. Anything we needed, she got us with haste and our food and drinks got to the table super fast! We needed an extra straw for our goblet and before we could ask her she whipped out an extra with a big grin on her face. I ordered a burger and not only did it look amazing, it was and I'm a big burger guy! This is a weird habit of mine but i always check the silverware to see of theres any water spots on them and these were some of the cleanest forks and knives I've ever used. I really meant it when i said the whole place sparkled lol! This place covers fine dining with a hip yet casual twist! I recommend it for anyone who stops by town square or is looking for an awesome five star experience!
4	Was doing a little shopping with my boyfriend in TS on Sunday and decided to stop into the new Sugar Factory for some brunch. The host station is outside and we started walking in. the hostess ended up walking us to the bar like we were being sat at a table, which was something Ive never had happen before. I appreciate this however it was a bit strange. I like the casual nature of going to a bar setting and being able to waltz in, check it out and pick where to sit... The bartender, Caley came over with a warm smile, explained the menu and let us know about some specials.FOOD: It was ok.. for food, we ordered Blueberry Lemon Pancakes to share. those were pretty tasty.. I ordered the Benedict which looked better than it tasted, sadly. I felt like everything was so covered in salt that I didnt want to finish it. even the asparagus. My boyfriend got build your own omelette which was fine. next time we will try lunch items or more pancakes.DRINKS: let me say, Im a brunch girl. seriously the biggest reason to come is if you enjoy a boozy brunch.  gourmet mimosas and bloody marys (Im not sure if its all weekend or only Sunday) ...Get this: all unlimited for $20... so you can try all the different ones!!! we sampled some over the course of brunch.. a Bacon Bloody Mary with a spicy brown sugar rim (!!!!) and for mimosas we had a Blueberry Lemon mimosa, a Raspberry mimosa, and Tropical mimosa (which was my favorite)..we got to talking with Caley and she told us she moved from New York this summer and was at a mixology type bar there. she came up with these and is going to try out some new ones every Sunday.. Im already excited to make this my new spot on sundays. Ive been to the S.F. at Paris and they dont have specialty brunch cocktails like this. Not many places in Vegas do.SERVICE:  Caley was great... she knows what shes doing with a cocktail. Even while she was running around making drinks for the servers, she never stopped checking on us. We immediately felt like her friends. The busser (?) came and delivered the food. he seemed very professional and asked if we needed anything else, we needed some extra sauce and he promptly returned with it. there did seemed to be ALOT of managers on duty...almost like bouncers at a nightclub.  all keeping a hawks eye on everything and were buzzing all around, which was slightly uncomfortable and excessive. -1 star for the food/ weird atmosphere. Im sure it will get better as they get into the groove.we will be back for more brunch cocktails, lunch, and happy hour.seems like a promising new addition to TS..  it seems they are still working out the kinks since they have just opened.
5	A great place to eat! Love the service, ambiance, and food! Especially the DESSERTS!! Ate here for brunch with my husband and had a great experience! Will be back soon!
5	Wanted to try this place since I heard it was opening. Brought my girlfriend to it. Ordered a pizza. A salad. And some fries. The food was pretty good and prices weren't ridiculous. Our server Matt was extremely attentive and entertaining!! He definitely made our night! When we entered I wasn't down to try the goblet but he managed to convince me! It was pretty cool  actually. Pros- good food, great service, cool atmosphere. Cons- needs more alcohol in the goblet
3	I was pretty excited to find a Sugar Factory opening up in Town Square, cause let's face it, locals rarely want to make the trip to the strip just to eat. if they're not already avoiding it all together. It was an indeed a smart move to open another location where more locals thrive. I remember going to Sugar Factory at Paris once and really enjoyed their fries, so I was excited to order them once again. Wasn't too hungry so I just went with the fried mac & cheese pops (appetizer option) as a main course. You get a total of three and I can't complain, but I wouldn't spend $10 on them again either. Fried batter on the outside, mac & cheese on the inside. Simple. I did however enjoy the sauce they provided with it. It was like a tomato cream sauce (with possible melted cheese?). Ze BF ordered a turkey burger with a side of fries. No, just no, don't do it. Don't even consider it. It was totally dry, bland, and really boring. Sure it has melted cheese (your choice between pepper jack, swiss, and american), sauteed onions, and a small amount of mushrooms, but I feel like those were just added to give it at least some sort of taste. I usually view the extras as something to enhance the taste, not substitute it. And the one thing they could've gotten correct was the fries. Nope, another miss. Soggy, unsalted, and again boring. If you're dying for fries, just make a quick visit to Yardhouse instead. Why I don't think this is an absolute fail? The cutesyness of the restaurant. Let's be real, chicks will eat this place up because of the cute decor and fancy cocktails. I'll admit, I am guilty of that too! I could see this being a cute place to grab a quick lunch or weekend brunch with girlfriends, but I definitely don't see me returning here with the BF anytime soon.As for the service? Well it wasn't terrible but it wasn't attentive either. I do have to say, a gentleman greeted us and was very friendly, but as we were leaving he engaged in a short conversation with us and started throwing N bombs. Erm, instant fired if I was the manager. Anyway to sum it up, cute place for your girlfriends but don't expect a 5 star meal, or even 4 star, probably a 2.5 star.
4	I been to the sugar factory at the pairs hotel and casino I love the food service and everything about it,when I found out that one opened up at town square mall I was excited.  You see I wrk at the strip and I try to avoid going to the strip as a locale. So my boyfriend and I went to have a dinner date at the sugar factory, I called and ask to have a table ready for two for 8pm, I called around 640pm so with enough time. We got there at 745pm they told us we had to wait 5min, and I was okay with it even though it was cold out because we knew we where waiting for the best burger in town and great drinks. So we wait 5mins pass then 20mins pass finally we get a table and sadly it was by the door, but still I was okay because I know how great the food is. So my server comes up to us Monique got us stared with drinks and we even tried the mac and cheese with tomato sauce (great by the way) we both order the factory burger  as are main dish now this is where it all goes WRONg My BF ordered it well done no veggies with onion rings, I got it no tomato with fries. It toke all most 25-35min for us to get are food and that just because the people next to us who came 15mins after us and was a table of 4 got there food b4 us. So we finally got are food and may I say we still have not said nothing we still have a smile on we did not say why the other table got there food b4 us nothing. So are food comes and not only is it over cooked (burn) but it was nasty I was so sad. Both are burgers had no sauce no onion rings inside it. You can tell that there is no communication in the back house, don't tell me that my burger is broil I wrk in the f&b department my dad was a chef at the red rock I know what is burn and dry and what is broil. But the front of the house GREAT the 1st person I told about my issue she tried to fix it (I'm sorry I did not get your name) and let others know that I was unhappy and the hole front staff tried to make it better for us. They went as far as giving us are meal drinks and they added a free frozen hot coco all for free all I paid for was the mac and cheese pops. And I have to say bing unhappy and a bad dinner but leaving happy because thy went over and beyond to make sure we left happy. And we did. We will go back and give them a sec chance and MONIQUE your GREAT THANK YOU I will ask for you next time we visit. The only reason we will return is because of are server and the customer service. Other wise the kitchen needs help :( the only reason I give them 5 stares is because of Monique and because I remember how the burger at the one at the pairs tasted like.
4	I've been to Sugar Factory on the strip several times and I am never pleased with the service they provide. I work at a restaurant as well so I know how it works. However, when I went into Sugar Factory Town Square the experience was different! Brandon was an amazing server and super nice. I told him about my past experiences at Sugar Factory and told him to prove me wrong and he did! Thanks Brandon! The manager on this evening even seemed genuine when he checked in on us, unlike the ones at the strip location. The s'more hot chocolate was definitely worth the splurge in calories! (:
3	I love Town Square Mall and am there for movies and shopping frequently.  I'm always glad to see a new place open and usually give it a few visits before I say anything good or bad.  As a  Vegas local i am always wary of "celebrity hangouts"  let's face it do these people really go there or are they just paid to show up and take a picture with the owner?So this is kind of a mash up of things I have had heard and seen over a few visits.The food can be hit or miss.  The BBQ chicken pizza and French Onion Soup were great.  Chicken fingers are like what I can get at a Dairy Queen for half the price and are a SYSCO item I am sure.  You would think they could bread and fry their own chicken..Blah!!!  Fries are unremarkable and just not that great.  None of the food is a stand out to me and certainly stuff you can get at any cut rate joint off the strip.  My one serious complaint is the wait times for food were a problem the first few times I went there.  It was obvious that the kitchen was not ready and totally overwhelmed.  The poor wait staff was run ragged and it seemed more food was given away than paid for.The drink menu is massive and diverse.  The goblets are generous but can seem a bit pricey for one drink but can really knock you on your ass as they are pretty substantial (two girls could share one and still have some left).  They have a few beers on tap but this is not one of those million tap type places such as Yard House. As time has gone on I have seen the service get better and better (mind you i am talking about the servers not the kitchen).  I have had great service from the Bar from Neal and his accent is awesome.  Servers Josh and Brandon have been great...even when other things about a visit weren't so great.Here is my issue primarily with this place and why I am giving 3 stars.  I ask questions when I see something and I have been witness to some very poor treatment of employees on the floor by people who I am told are owners of this establishment.  I've heard very poor language in front of customers (with kids) from someone named Steve or Stevie who I am told is an owner/manager.  I also have seen someone named Tom who is reported to be a manager/owner berate an employee on the floor in full view of his table.  I also witnessed what could easily be viewed as sexual harassment or at the least very questionable behavior by this "stevie" to a female employee.  Many times I feel at least these two men and this whole "crew" of managers just stalk the small dining room creepily watching everyone.  I feel like I am being watched while trying to enjoy a meal.....More managers per square foot than any other place I have seen in my life.  I have rarely seen a manager at Yard House and if I do he is not skulking in a corner glaring at everyone like this "Steve or Stevie" person.  It has really put a damper on a couple of my visits and  am not sure when or if I will be returning if this is the business model of this place.If you're a teenage girl, want to eat someplace that seems celebrity trendy, or want be stalked by a manger this is the place for you...
4	We travel to Vegas often you can say and pass by the mesmerizing colorful sign all the time. I saw this Groupon deal for $25 towards $50 and it was well worth it that we used on 12/14. We ordered the French dip sandwich with tater-tots (a lil extra for tots), Signature Burger with White Chocolate bun with fries and the Lollipop Passion Goblet. All was delicious but of course the Lollipop Passion Goblet stole the show. The waitress was awesome and helpful since it was our first time there. I wish i could remember her name. She asked me if I wanted to take pictures of her pouring this special liquid into the goblet even. As soon as she poured it, there was fogging, steaming and bubbling...so FUN! I even took the candy bracelet home to eat it while I gambled LOL! After the bill came, there was still a balance of $40, which was from th Goblet which was $36....yikes! She gave us some white chocolate covered nutty thingy that was soo sooo yummy. Also, Connected to the restaurant they have a very fun candy store! I found the stash of that same white choc covered yummy and bought some to go...oink oink!Buffets are always great but it's nice to try other dining options! I would definately recommend this on a girl's night out or even a date.
2	I went in for the first time tonight at Sugar Factory by myself because I was craving for French toast after holiday shopping! I got seated right away by a host at the bar area which is nice! I waited for 10 mins for the bartender to come ask me what I want to drink! Then took her another 10 mins to get to me to order food! Another 30 mins for my French toast to get on my table! For the whole time the bartender (a girl) was so pay attention on her VIP people (from their drunk conversation, the people are maybe owner's friends). She has no intention of greeting other customers on her bar zone! And very unorganized environment at the bar! The bar back has to keep on asking her where everything is, and as a bartender herself went back and forth 4 times to find a bottle of syrup. Then another bartender broke a glass! Everything was not a nice experience! I think the bartender is a nice girl, but very slow and has no muti-tasking skills and not acknowledge of her surroundings! For my 50 mins in this sugar factory, the bartender only talked to me twice, beginning and the end for the check! Never apologize on the delay of my food!
2	Very slow and poor service, and they were not very busy. 15 minutes after sitting down I flagged our server down as we kind of wanted to order drinks and she made a bad face.  15 minutes after ordering those drinks weer had to flag a different person down to ask about the drinks because our server wad not in sight.  Things improved after we complained to the manager, that didn't change the fact that the food was not very good.  Won't be going back for sure.
5	This is the greatest service I have ever had from ANY restaurant/bar in Las Vegas. Our waitress, Monique, went above and beyond to ensure that our experience was amazing!We had, incorrectly, thought that this place closed at 1:00 a.m. and when we were told otherwise, two of the staff assured us that they were staying open until we were ready to leave. Also, the drinks are AMAZING!!! I'm a Jack Daniels girl usually and I ordered the Grape Crush cocktail instead. So good!!!I enjoyed this location much more than the one on the Strip. We will be back!
1	Im only leaving 1 star out of courtesy. We had reservations,  arrived on time and sat down 30 mins later. It took 15 mins for someone to get our drinks and nearly 15 mins more to get the drinks. I'm sorry, but the hype is just that. We appreciate the mgr trying to right all the wrongs though but... I spoke too soon.Update: prior to the end of the meal I was presented with a check of $143.00, but with no itemized receipt. Which I paid. As I did a mental tally of what our meal costs, I discovered that I had overpaid. The manager then provided me with a receipt which showed that I had paid for our meal as well as another table. I have never been to a restaurant where they only provided a consumer with the end result of your bill but not actually what you paid for. After this situation was corrected, it was determined that my bill was only $83. I guess I will have to wait to see what my credit card statement says. Never again!!!!!!
4	I went with my friend the other night and I really enjoyed it. We sat outside but it was still really warm next to the heaters. Our server was Brandon D. While he was very attractive the service we received was awesome as well. Every question we had was answered and I thoroughly enjoyed the goblet I had, the passion fruit punch was so yummy! The only downside to the place is how pricey it is for the amount of food you get. I got the Chinese chicken salad for 14$ and while it was good, it could have been larger. All in all, I enjoyed sugar factory at town square very much! Wouldn't mind going back just to see Brandon ;) haha.
1	This review is soley on the fact that the time is wrong!!! They close the kitchen at 10pm . And it shows that its open till 12am??? Wtf???? So pissed of that i drove 30 min for them to tell me this!!!! So dont waste ur time coming here late! So dissapointed!
4	My girlfriend's idea to go to this place and what a great idea. The atmosphere was great and everyone greeted you and everyone looked happy. The drinks were great especially the grape crush which i will be ordering again. The food was great as well and they did not hold back on the portions. I was very full after leaving. The service was SUPER especially from the waitress Monique. She explained everything in a way that was real and scripted so it was easy to order. She checked on us as most waitresses should, but she did it with a conversation to make you want to sit down and order more. I will be going again. Great location as well.
5	Absolutely loved my first and second experience at the Sugar Factory...However my second visit with Monique as our server was what sealed the deal for us. We are locals and customer service is what  separates  us from being 1 time customers to becoming a repeat customer. My husband and I went with our cousins and Monique offered good food advice, great drink suggestions ...and assured us that being there after midnight was not an issue. We loved our Lolly Pop Passion Goblet, I loved the Sugar Factory burger...and my first visit I really loved the french toast...we will go again, but will ask for Monique to be our server!
5	I celebrated my birthday with a Sunday brunch at the newest Sugar Factory location at Town Square.  From the moment I walked up to the host stand outside, I was treated like a king!  The table I'd reserved was ready and waiting and we were seated promptly.Our server, Josh, truly made the experience incredible.  He was attentive to every detail of our meal and went above and beyond to make the day really special. The bartender, Kaylie (sorry if that's misspelled!) whipped up a HUGE variety of mimosas and Bloody Marys for the table and even came by to personally make sure we were enjoying some of her signature creations!  Very nice touch!The food was awesome and I heard compliments from everyone at the table that they truly enjoyed the dining experience.  The management capped the meal off with a huge birthday sundae surprise, too!  Completely unexpected and VERY delicious!  I couldn't have asked for a better celebration!  THANK YOU SUGAR FACTORY!!!
1	Absolutely terrible food. Came here for brunch. And what I ordered was totally different than described in menu. I was taken aback when it arrived, the server asked are you allergic. Well no, I'm not allergic, but that shouldn't be the only question you ask. Then when your patron does not touch her food, you would think as a server you would inquire. Nope. Won't eat here again. :(
3	Went with friends to celebrate a birthday. Drinks were great especially since they were 1/2 off all night!! Appetizers were yummy, entrees left a lot to be desired. My eggplant Parmesan came with one slice of eggplant and a lot of pasta and sauce that could of have come straight from a jar. My friends burger was just luke warm and the fries were limp. So just blah. We ordered a banana split to share since it was my friends birthday and we happy with that til we saw the same banana split come out to the next table with a firework in it. The server knew it was my friends birthday, so I would have thought a little extra effort would have been made, plus she spilled ice tea on my friend and then has the balls to say to that same friend "oh, I forgot to charge you for your drink, let me fix that." Really? I would have thought the tea would have been free after you spilled it on her!!! It's a great place for drinks and desserts but the in between leaves a lot to be desired, especially for the prices they are charging for the entrees and the service was just ok.
3	We thought it would be a fun girls day lunch. My daughter and my two grand daughters. There isnt' a children's menu so that is mistake number one, and with all the candy everywhere  there isn't a small lollipop in sight. The food was good but it took a bit to long to come out of the kitchen. It definitely is not a place to bring toddlers.
1	As I sit here, eating chips and reflecting on my experience having my BIRTHDAY LUNCH at the new Sugar Factory, I am forced to wonder what would ever possess any restaurant owner to decide that their only vegetarian dish should be a freaking fishy tasting, soggy garden burger from a box. Also, I wonder why I am so hungry after literally just paying for a nice meal?I have raved about the Sugar Factory veggie burger at the other location and I was beyond stoked that there would be a more easily accessible location at the Town Square. Finally a place to get these gourmet burgers that I'm in love with! I will never visit this location again because I am so mad that they ruined my birthday by serving me a lazy garden burger and then executing it poorly on top of that. I know that vegetarians aren't the major focus in the business model, but if you are going to bother putting anything on your menu that is for vegetarians, you should make a half hearted effort to elevate it from the standard slop you can get at any bar or Denny's for 1/3 of the price. Then calling it an "Ultimate" veggie burger? Please. It is insulting to serve that in a restaurant that you claim is "gourmet". Let me be clear, I understand that restaurants change their recipes and their menus. I totally get it. But this isn't a menu change, it is a bait and switch. You are promised an ultimate burger, but you are given crap that is readily available in a supermarket for less than $2. They didn't cook it, they heated it up. Infuriating.The server was very nice, but inexperienced. No one found it suspicious that I didn't eat my "ultimate" veggie burger. I'm basically led to believe that this location is a cheap reproduction of the real thing and I am both starving and unimpressed. Afterthought: Our phones actually did not work while we were in here so I don't know if they block service with a jammer or if Town Square was just too crowded... however I don't think your phone not working enhances the meal or the experience. Maybe they should call that "ultimate" internet? Boo, this place is an ultimate fail.
4	Passion punch.... I loved the kick of the alcohol but not tasting it in the drink. The only suggestion i have is make the oranges blood oranges and use colorful straws. Other than that, I love the outdoor option here and the atmosphere.
3	Alcohol + sugar + sugar.  They most make some sweet cocktails, it's not totally my thing, but the vibe is kind of neat.  The staff is super friendly.  If you ask, they can make the drinks less sweet.  Happy hour all day monday brings the prices into the reasonable range.  Small beer selection (4 or 5 drafts I think?)
2	Didn't want to come here in the first place and their food justified why... While nothing was wrong with the service, the food is sub par... cheap ingredients and overpriced for what you're getting. Pass.
1	Being in the service industry I'm very forgiving, but this place left me mad that I wasted my money. Neither the hostess nor server brought a highchair for my baby, I finally had to ask another server to bring one. That was after 10 min of people walking past me with a 1 yr old on my lap. Then the food was subpar. My daughters pancakes were heavy and gooey almost raw. My " kitchen sink" salad was all lettuce with only a couple pieces of  meat, cheese ect.... Not worth the $14.00 we paid.  I left Hungary  and mad.
1	We went here for my husband's birthday in December with a group of our friends.  I have been to their other location at the Paris Las Vegas and the experience was always pretty good.  The server at first was really nice and promised to be accommodating and even promised that the food once we ordered would be out fast.  She even said that she would split our bills (which is unheard of when you have a large party).  The dinner looked promising.  We arrived right before 7:00pm.  We didn't get out of there until almost 10:00pm.  We ordered our drinks, or at least attempted to.  She only asked 3/4 of the table for drinks.  Then was a smart ass and scolded our friends that she didn't ask for their drink order, rolled her eyes, gave them the "one minute finger" and then came around to ask for their drinks.  50 minutes later and after asking her twice and another server for their beers they finally got them.  Our one friend was only stopping by to have a drink before he had to go to another event.  By the time the beer came, he could not drink it because he had to drive.  Meanwhile, we had also given her our appetizer order and were still waiting for those.  Finally the apps came and then slowly, but surely the entrees came.  It was about 9:15pm by the time we got all the food.  My friend's dad actually called one of the suits walking around several times to complain about the service and they graciously took off the appetizers and tried to smooth things over with gift cards.  He told them that it was my husband's birthday and they didn't acknowledge it.  I don't expect anything extra for saying it's someone's birthday except if I know it's a guest's birthday, I say "Happy Birthday!" Even though I have a gift card to here, I do not think I will use it.  I do not want to go back.
4	was very good. Took my daughter there for a birthday dinner. everyone's food was great service was good. we got there @ 5 and they have a good happy hr special. 1/2 off apps, burgers, pizzas, and drinks. i have bacon blu cheese mushroom burger . it was good. kids shared a pizza some fries, and chicken fingers, and of course a milk shake. I would take them there again. actually very reasonable price during happy hr.
1	Went here and was so excited to try this place out! The management is awful! I wasWalking back from the bathroom and ended up slipping on something that looked like grease or floor cleaner. The hostess saw me and asked if I was ok and that was it. She told me she'd have someone clean itBut apparently never did because minutes later, and older lady slipped in the exact same spot as me on the exact same grease.  Again, the same hostess came up to her too. You would think a manager or someone "superior" would come up to the table asking if everything was ok.... But no. They acted like nothing happened. Fuck this place. Save your money. Terrible staff and crappy food.
5	Holy amazing. It's that how they said it in the Bible? Who know but wow what a great time I had at Sugar Factory in Town Square. I was worth my brother and two friends and wanted to take my brother off the Strip for a little bit to celebrate his birthday. I was at Sugar Factory two years ago, but the one on the Strip. So the cab takes us there and the four of us sat at the bar. This place is like Candyland the adult version. The menu is full of burgers, pizza, dessert, and a list of alcoholic concoctions such as FlufferNutter martini, Root Beer Float, and Jolly Rancher martini. Dry ice Mai Tais that snow like a volcano. And the drinks are good. Not too strong or too weak, but taste so good that if you're not careful, you will be drunk lol. The bartender we had was Lizzy... She made the experience even better. Totally amazing, ask for her by name of you want. If it's your birthday, they will dim the lights and play cool music, and bring our an ice cream dessert with a rocket on top! So fun, this will be a permanent stop on my annual Las Vegas adventures!
4	This place was great! I took my best friend for her birthday and she loved it. The service was good we got our drinks and food fast and everything tasted amazing ! Will be back :)
1	Don't Waste your time and money!  Ruined our Valentine's afternoon lunch with our toddlers. Overpriced food and terrible management.  Waited 25 minutes for two beers to be served while our friendly server (black female) was overworked while 4 hostesses hung out in the front.  Cheese on the pizza was for serious cheese lovers only and the dough was undercooked and boring.  Food is average at best.  The manager (white middle aged heavy set woman)  was totally dismissive of our feedback.  So many great choices in LV and this location will not last.  It's only good for a pricey shake.  Will NOT EVER go back even if the meal was free.
5	Came here for Valentines day lunch.I was surprised to see Sugar Factory at Town Square. I had their chinese chicken salad.Our waiter was nice enough to get chopsticks from panda express across the way since I asked for chopsticks and they didn't have any... which I thought was nice. They have a pretty good size menu... I love the ambiance and they have tons of seating.I would love to come back and try more things off the menu. My friend loves the blue cheese burger.I'm a fan- Miss Yelp 2014
5	I came in here as a first timer on Feb 13 as a pre valentine dinner  with my best friend so to drink we ordered the raspberry sin martini and it was one of the best sweet drinks I've ever had love the whipped cream as it was heavy whipped and not that sweet just perfect! For dinner i Had their veggie burger with fries it was absolutely delish! I couldn't even finish the burger as it was too big! (Hands down) very well portioned!We ended our dinner with dessert and we ordered the red velvet & ice cream for 2.. I was surprised on how big the dessert was when it arrived as I pictured a small plate not a huge long rectangle dish :) the gelato was very good. But on the other hand I was disappointed on how dry the red velvet cake was :/ as I am a huge red velvet fan. Over all my experience was awesome and I would be back to try the goblets!
5	This location is wayyy better than the Strip location. Drinks are cheaper, and aren't watered down like the Strip and they don't tack on the bogus "CNF" fee. We had two of their signature 36oz drinks, the signature burger and fondue for 2. Everything was good, I put them on par with Max Brenner as one of my favorite food/desert places.
4	I HAVE to say "yay" to this Sugar Factory. It is located across from AMC theaters on the first floor of Town Square Mall! (1) It's way way cheaper than the Strip one.(2) It's more accessible and easier to park close to. (3) Probably one of the most interesting Happy HoursIt is just as comfortable to be seated outside as it is inside. Also, it isn't crowded on the inside and the staff is really nice and sweet! Note that the food isn't crazy delicious, but they always have amazing presentation. I had the red velvet sundae ice cream. It was just vanilla ice cream with red velvet syrup. And a little bit of red velvet cake pieces. It was really a sad dessert that just needs to be called vanilla ice cream and sold for 7 dollars! A lot of the food is good, but isn't worth what it costs! There is also a bit of candy in this store, too, and gelato!! My advice to you: Enjoy those drinks at Happy Hour and have a fun night :)
3	Just left the sugar factory at town square.  My girlfriend and I had the Mediterranean Salad and Mediterranean Pasta.  The salad was a 3 out of 5.  Something was missing.  The pasta was a 5 out of 5.  The noodles tasted homemade.   The place is clean and convenient.   Only downside is the price.  They are way overpriced.  The food is descent but not worth $50.  We had 1 sprite, 1 salad, 1 pasta, 1 crepe (split everything).  Bill came out to $50.11.
2	The positive is that the drinks are creative and yummy and the restaurant is reasonably priced. The dinner menu is ok at best and I was overall disappointed with my meal as was the rest of my dinner group.  Our waiter was ackward and we caught him rolling his eyes when we would ask for something and thank goodness I brought my own bottle of water because our waiter apparently couldn't find the time to check in to find out we needed napkins and more water.  The breakfast menu looks pretty good so I may try this place one more time to see if they do a better job in the morning.
1	I've been to this location a couple times these past 2 months. Once for a friends birthday and the other was for a friend's farewell dinner, which occurred last night. Last night had to be one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had mostly due to poor service. When I went to order I noticed the sign on the wall advertising fudge Nutella crepes for $13.99 on the menu it states Nutella crepes for $12 +scoop of ice cream from $3 more. I asked my waiter what the difference was between the advertised item on the wall and the one on the menu. He looked at me, dumbfounded, and said "I don't know what you're talking about...they don't tell me anything around here." And after beating the bush for awhile he finally said, "I can ask if you want I guess" (which he probably should've done in the first place). Then I asked if they had cookies and cream ice cream and he said "uhh yeah you can put ice cream on there for $3 or $4 or something like that" he acted very unprofessional at that point. Our meals came out and I was pretty disappointed with my fudge Nutella crepe. It was not worth $17!!! We also ordered a pizza (with mushrooms and pepperoni) - that did not really look cooked to order and had a huge hole in one of the slices, basket of French fries and onion rings (creamy chipotle sauce was pretty awesome), a sandwich (not the best honestly), and a banana split crepe (this order was brought out wrong, the waiter brought my friend the banana split dessert meal for 2, not the crepe). The waiter brought my friend out the wrong order and it took a very long time for him to get the correct one out. At this point he probably should've offered her an incentive for having to make her wait and watch us all eat our food. We ordered the white gummi bear goblet mixed cocktail drink which was pretty delicious, but way too sweet to drink all of it. And I ordered an amber ale. At the end of our dinner, our waiter claimed he accidentally charged us for the table's meal next to us, so he said he needed to void our checks and do it over again. We waited a longer amount of time but the second time he brought us our checks they were all the same prices so it really didn't make any sense to us. My friend asked the manager for a void receipt and after waiting for a longer period of time once again, we found that we were double charged and one of the orders was never voided... Overall terrible service and food isn't great for what you're paying for. It is overpriced. So if it were my choice, I would not come back to this place again.
1	My sister & I were in the area yesterday & decided to have lunch here. We decided to dine outside because it was beautiful out. Our server's name was Brittany. Although it was lunch time, the service was horrible. We waited forever for everything. Food, refills, check, everything took forever. The table next to us, who had a different server, was constantly asking "where's our server?" as well. We had the Fried Macaroni & Cheese. The macaroni & cheese itself was good but the breading was just okay and somewhat soggy. My sister had the pasta and it was not worth the money. The portion was super small and it was not that great. I had the Club Sandwich. The fries were good and the sandwich was just okay.
4	My sweetie took me here for Valentines as a "surprise" though it had been the place I was hoping she would take me to!She made reservations to avoid any imposing crowds. This is the town square location so it's nice to not have the hustle 'n bustle of the Strip vibe.We watched other couples drinking the 36oz goblets of sugary liquor and Dana giving me the eyes of "would you be able to finish this?" Instead, I suggested we order individual cocktails that looked more tasty.  She ordered the grape crush and I had the root beer float. Mine tasted stronger which I enjoyed (and finished!)They offered a Vday prix fixe menu, but we opted for the regular menu since I am the picky vegetarian. . . I nommed on the rigatoni marinara which was very good; and my italian princess had the fettuccine alfredo with chicken. I do appreciate that on the menu a "V" represents that a dish can be made vegan. Now dessert is the reason my baby took me here. Even though we were both fairly stuffed from the meal, I consulted her opinion briefly and promptly ordered the "signature fondue" with a choice of milk, white, or dark chocolate. We opted for milk. It was yummy indeed! Portion sizes were pretty average, and pricing is in the range of medium to expensive. Sugar Factory definitely provides a sugar rush combined with a romantic vibe. My next goal is to try the weekend brunch & a signature lollipop.
3	Oh Sugar Factory, I have a love/hate relationship with you!I have been to this Sugar Factory quite often since it's been open in Town Square. I was very excited it opened in Town Square since  becoming a local in 2011 I don't get to the strip much unless I have friends and family visiting. That being said, here are some of my loves!I love the red velvet hot chocolate! It's rich and delicious, and just plain yummy! I could drink it all week if I had to!I'm obsessed with their tomato soup! Maybe it's because it brings back fond memories to when I was little having tomato soup and grilled cheese on cold days!The drink menu!!! What a variety of tasty signature drinks! Try the White Gummi, you will be glad you did! Half the fun is trying to fish the gummy worms/bears out! The hates: ok not really hates, but annoyances...The service could be better. A lot better. The servers we have had are all sweet as the desserts they serve. They just aren't attentive. There was one night I went in with two other people, and we didn't get greeted for over 10 minutes. Another time, again the girl was sweet enough, but she disappeared! When I was in there tonight, or server although sweet and very informative, but she was hard to find as well! Overall food and drinks are yummy to the max! Service needs a little TLC.... Work on that part and everything will be 100%!!!!
2	The drinks here are the show stoppers.  Yes, they are sugary and all have a cream or chocolate based liquor.  I thought 60 oz of liquid was too much, but opted for one of their cocktails.  The American Dream consisted of a little chocolate, cream and honey with cinnamon on top.  Everyone kept saying it was horchata, lol.  I liked it considering the food was just ok.  The turkey and brie sandwich was forgettable.  The bread was too hard and there was too much of their herb dressing.  Their eggs benedict wasn't impressive either.  But they did have a fantastic mixed salad.  Not so good when your salad that likely came from a bag was the highlight.Their menu is here:  http://sugarfactory.com/sites/default/files/SF_AB_Town_Square_Menu.pdfI will note that we were a party of 4 adults and 3 children one of which was a 6 month baby.  The two kids had ice cream the baby had nothing.  They charged us the auto-gratuity!  I don't eat with kids often, so this was surprising to me.
3	Food was mediocre at best but my biggest complaint was the service of food to our large group of 30 for a bday party.Every table of 6-8 was supposed to be given a dish from a pre-fixed menu. Nine out of ten times, the servers skipped our table. It was TERRIBLE. At first, I thought it was just a simple oversight and I complained once...then twice...then three times. Then it just became a joke. It seemed as though they were always one dish short and they were skipping us to ensure that the last table--the table where bday was sitting--was guaranteed a dish. That's fine. He should most definitely get a dish. But if I paid just as much as the group joined next to us (another table of 6-8), we should get the dish too. We paid for it. At one point, the waiter gave me attitude as  he stuck a dish in front of me and said, "There. Right in front of your face so you can see it now."
4	So me and my brother came here a few weeks ago and it's such a cute place! Cailey the bartender was our server and she was so dang cute and bubbly and I absolutely love that in a server. She gave us great service and we were very happy with her. She had great suggestions for the drinks as well and she whipped up two different martins for my brother. A red velvet cake one and I don't quite remember what the other was. The food was pretty good. Not outstanding but I'm still overall happy with the experience. Thanks Cailey!
1	Initially, I was really excited to spend Valentine's dinner here with my honey; however, I cannot think of one thing I liked about this place.  1. The food was less than mediocre with numerous mistakes from the kitchen.  2. Their fondue (a big reason for why we came) was terrible - poor quality chocolate, old accompaniments. 3. The servers were delivering plates to the wrong tables.4. The atmosphere was confused, resembling what I can only describe as a cafeteria/nightclub.I normally don't have such harsh judgements, but this place was really that bad.  My review is not just based on our night at the Sugar Factory, but what those around us were experiencing as well.  With the quality of service and food being less than par, unfortunately I will not be returning.  I really hope this poor experience is only true for their Town Square location.  Maybe their Strip location is better.  I will say that I did not get to experience one of their goblet drinks (which are HUGE).  I would consider going to their Strip location for drinks at the bar.
1	If I could give no stars, I would.  The service here was horrible, which is weird because there seemed to be several waitresses, a busboy, definitely a manager of some kind, and some random hipsters that you could have thought were customers, until you got up to get your own menu (see note about bad service above), and then they got up and got it for you.  The service did not get better once I ordered mediocre food, the busboy brought all the food, and some random French fries no one claimed.  When I got my tomato soup and grilled cheese, the bus boy realized the random French fries from before actually were mine, so he just brought back the same fries.  They were cold by this time.  Communicating with them seemed to be difficult, either they did not listen or did not care, one of the two.  Dessert was ok, but certainly not worth enduring bad service and average food.
1	I've given this place three chances now and each time it got worse.  This last time I was left just completely disgusted with this place. A group of 11 of us came here for brunch.  It took 20 minutes to get just water on the table, then the server, Gina, took our orders but informed us that they were out of bloody maries which sucked because that was part of the whole reason we went there to begin with.  4 people opted to get the bottomless mimosas.  They got their first glass and then she never came back to offer them refills.  We waiting over an hour and food never came.  When we asked to talk to a manager, we were informed that they ran out of champagne so the manager was out picking up more.  At this point, we were ready to just walk out but we felt sorry for the server and despite their complete disorganization and lack of customer service, we decided to be nice and stay.The food FINALLY came out and most everyone was sorely disappointed.  The only thing that seemed good were the waffles.  I ordered the fried egg sandwich and the eggs were so overcooked it was like 2 pieces of rubber.  The "Canadian bacon" was just a paper thin piece of ham on top of a flat squishy English muffin.  Then there were fries covered in gravy.  This dish was so disgusting I had one bite and couldn't eat anymore.They finally informed us that they got more champagne and bloody maries so we started ordering rounds and she kept bringing them out, but she forgot someone's ice tea and refilling my water.  We reminded her and the busser 4 different times for the iced tea and it finally came at the very end of the meal.A funny thing that happened during brunch. There were quite a few groups with children and one of these groups had what looked like an 11-year-old's birthday.  They ordered the "birthday special", which is this giant ice cream dessert that the servers bring out with sparklers and make a big show of it.  Well when this happened, they started playing the "Go Shawty it's your birthday" song, which the lyrics are SOOO inappropriate for that particular moment. It was comical.Overall this place sucks and has absolutely no business being open.  I will NEVER eat here again, and like every business in this location before it, I'm sure we'll see a closed for good sign on its doors soon.
1	I came to the restaurant for Sunday brunch. I called to make reservations and was told that they only do walk it's but the wait was 20 mins. Cool. I get to the door 15 minutes later and the wait turns into 45 minutes. At this point I was starving so I asked to sit at the bar.The bar was pretty big and had about 3 couples sitting down. I saw a few open tables which made me question why there was a 45 minute wait. Any who, it takes about 15 minutes for the bartender to ask for my drink order. I mentioned that I was ready to order my food as well since I was more than ready to eat, and she asked if I could wait. I then noticed that she was the only bar tender in the restaurant serving not only the bar and our orders, but making all of the bottomless mimosas for the entire restaurant. Therefore it took 40 minutes for my food to come out and my order was wrong. I had to ask for a manager to rush my order because it was getting ridiculous. I ate an hour later with 1 mimosa, in which one of the managers had to run to the store to buy more champagne..... I will never dine here again. Good luck with those Groupons out there, the staffing is terrible and the food isn't ANYthing special. Our bartender was working very hard might I say. She had black hair with tattoos.
1	Mediocre food. Extremely slow, mediocre service. Why did we come here? Great Happy Hour prices on Mondays.... that's why... but is it really worth it? Probably not.
1	This sugar factory sucks! Messed up my girlfriend and I's order and then messed it up again when they brought it out a second time. Don't come here stick to the sugar factory on the strip much better customer service.
3	I ended up with a Groupon for this place because I needed to use a credit I had and figured it was a safe bet. They recently opened and service was great. We were checked on by no less than four people,Including the manager, while we dined. I decided to order the club and my mom ordered the tuna melt. Both were served with fries and came out quickly. The sandwiches were basic. The bread was a little dry but the sandwich was tasty. The fries were a bit under seasoned, but I didn't mind since I prefer them to be under seasoned than overly salted. We had intended on getting a dessert to share but our portions were such that we were full by the time it wad time to decide on a dessert. We might have been a little more inclined to order dessert as well if anything was under $9. We enjoyed our meal her, but it's nothing special. Come for dessert, that's mostly what they are known for. Just keep your expectations low.
5	OMG. We tried this restaurant for the first time and are in love.  We ordered the Chinese chicken salad, chicken, mushroom and spinach crepe and Mediterranean Chicken Pappardelle and they were amazing.  The crepe was our favorite but the others were delicious as well.  Best of all was our server, Lillian, who was bubbly, fun and proud of the restaurant and selections.  She made our experience extraordinary and we will be back to see her.  She is a major asset to the restaurant and  is the best server we've had in months at a variety of high end places.   Thanks for the great food and service.  :)
1	Nice surroundings, well decorated, and good music! Food was horrible! I had ordered a pasta which was $15 and it had about seven noodles and the side of bread was hard and food wasn't hot or anything special! My friend's food order had came to the table wrong and was complicated to get her burger made correctly!
5	The most amazing customer service and bottomless mimosa and bloodymarys!!! MATT was our server AKA MGM ... Monique is AWSOME too. The owner was involved which says a lot !! Thank #sugarfactory for making our experience AMAZING!!
5	Had a fabulous time at this extraordinary restaurant! From the simply perfect Bruchetta to the phenomenal bottomless Mimosas and Bloody Mary's .. This staff made sure to make us feel like we belonged here! Starting with our beautifully sweet Gia to our wonderful server Matthew aka "MGM", to the sweet and sassy Monique.. and the owner Scott making sure to show he truly cares about his service.. absolutely recommend this wonderful dining experience to everyone!
5	Matt our server was very attentive and accommodating.  The owner, Steve, was hip and fun. This was my first visit to Sugar Factory but won't my last. I loved the brunch and bottomless mimosas and bloody mary's.
1	Fun food but AWFUL SERVICE our meals took forever to make it to the table and the waitress mite as well been none existent. Definitely not worth the 40min wait to get a table (when there was empty tables everywhere)
1	Don't waste your time or money.  I wish I had read the reviews before we had lunch here!!  Had a friend in town visiting and we thought we would give this place a try.  Once seated you feel as if you are sitting in a cafeteria.  Uncomfortable chairs and cheap wobbly tables.  I ordered a turkey burger and my friend decided on the spaghetti and meatballs.  Our waitress came back to our table about 5 minutes later to let me know that they were out of turkey burgers.  I told her that I would have the club sandwich then.  She proceeded to tell me they were out of those as well.  I finally settled on a hamburger.  As we sat and chatted a waiter tried to deliver us another tables food.  When our food did come it was nothing special, you could get the same thing at any fast food joint; and my friends spaghetti looked like it had been poured out of a can.  Atmosphere was poor... As we ate I watched as other patrons were being seated at dirty tables.  The service staff seemed as if they had not ever been trained.  Atmosphere bad, service bad, food TERRIBLE.  $70 dollars later we headed to leave and we were greeted by the manager who said "come again".  That definitely won't be happening!!
3	Service was slow when we were there on Saturday 3/15/14.  Food was ok. I was still a little hungry.
5	I've always liked sugar factory, food hits the spot and drinks are always fun. This review is for the service in this location. I ordered salmon and after I ate the outer edges, the inside was completely raw when I ordered medium. As I was picking through it, our waiter came by and said "Oh wow, That's pretty raw" and offered to redo the plate and after I declined since I ate most of it anyway, he offered another drink. I accepted. I didn't even tell him or make a notion of being bothered by the dish. That's amazing customer service. Within 5 seconds of agreeing to another drink, the manager came by, apologized, and went out of their way to make everything right. I've never experienced that type of prompt customer service. Amazing! Again, I want to emphasize that I didn't even have to draw attention to the incorrect order! Will definitely be coming back to this location again :)
1	Our whole experience was terrible! We had a table for 11. When we got seated we were given 2 menus... And after some time had passed had to request for additional menus for the rest of the adults. After ordering our food we waited and received three orders first, as they were finishing up the rest of the orders came out. We also had 5 kids with us and one order of French fires to keep a child occupied was the very last to arrive. Throughout our whole meal we were continually asked, "who had...." And it was something that no one had ordered. Ordered the Manhattan Eggs Benedict, definitely not worth the wait and I'm not a hard person to please when it comes to food!Maybe because it was auto-grated so they just didn't care however it was defiantly top ten worst experiences.
1	My first experience at "Sugar Factory" was the one at Paris Hotel! Remembered great service and good food!My visit this time was because of a Groupon deal - $30 for $62 worth of dinner/drinks.We made reservations but was running a little late. When I came up to the hostess and told her that, she pretty much just threw me at the worst possible seat outside. My mistake for assuming that I should've been asked if I wanted indoors or outdoors, or if I wanted to wait for indoor seats. Took about 10 mins for us to see our waiter, Justin. He took our water order, for we were waiting for our friend, and told us about their half-off special for the night on drinks.Took another 10-15 mins to ACTUALLY get our water. Because we were waiting for our friend still, we decided to order a couple things - we got a $29 White Gummi Goblet, my $18 3-Piece Chicken Fingers and Onion Rings and my friend's $8 4-Piece, Cracker-Sized Bruschetta.Our goblet arrives.. As they're suppose to, they bring the cup filled with ice and they poor the drink in front of you. Justin pours the drink .. Then DEMANDS for my friend to sip it because it was going to over flow.. Like DEMANDED, as in told her "hurry up, sip it because it's going to spill all over the table" ... W T F?!Our food comes shortly after the uncomfortable incident, it was good and all but just not worth what we paid for..We had ordered another goblet (Berry Bliss) and for what they're worth, they are definitely good drinks. Although they were sweet and fruity, they pack the alcohol punch that comes creepin' after a while of drinking it!Somewhere along that time period Justin had made really awkward, not so funny jokes.. It made us feel so uncomfortable and he did it in no flirty, nor professional manner!As closing time approaches, Justin had asked for my phone for the Groupon voucher, he took it so our discount can be applied to the bill. He came back, dropped the check, and literally ran off .. Sooooo, where's my phone?!?!? Seriously took a few minutes to see him.. When he finally noticed I was eyeing him down, I asked "so where's my phone?!".He ran towards his manager, dropped off my phone and AGAIN awkwardly, unprofessionally joked about his manager looking through my pictures.. True or not, I shouldn't have had to ask for my phone! Nor did he have to make that stupid joke! I've seriously have had it with him that night and wonder how and why he works there.To end the night, we saw on our bill that gratuity was included... For THREE people ?!? Because we had our Groupon deal??? I honestly didn't understand but I would've really liked for our "funny" waiter, Justin, to have explained things..For the record, I don't think I'd be coming back ... If I do ..... Nvm yeah def not, thanks to Justin!
2	We were a party of 11 that went after a movie for brunch. Pro: wait time was much less than toldGreeting was friendly Waiter was friendly Con: seated 11 of us with 2 menus         On 3 different occasions they brought other people's drink to our table.  Our food took much longer to be served than it should have.They brought out 3 entrees and the rest of the party's food came out 15 min later. They forgot one of the kids meals. When the food finally came out it was cold. This is my second time here and my first was also a hot mess. The first time it seemed like their Corp people were there and the staff was stiff and nobody smiled.  Food was cold and took forever.
3	I went here with a few girlfriends who were visiting for the weekend. The food was awesome - had the tuna melt. They were out of all their wine and turkey. Our server's name was Alex. To be honest, he was horrible. We were sitting at one his two tables and he was a space cadet. Forgot our drinks multiple times, got my order completely wrong (didn't feel like dealing with him at this point) didn't bring set ups, napkins, etc., and scoffed at me when I asked for the salt and pepper. He needs to learn some serious customer service. But all and all a good dinner.
5	Amazing team! Awesome food, drinks, and service. The only issue I had was the unfriendliness of the "owner!"  I think he was the owner. Had a hat on and gave dirty looks and didn't say hello to a single person eating there.  A complete attitude problem. He should feel lucky to have such an awesome team!
2	Not impressed. We were waiting for the last guest so we sat at the bar and the bartender paid zero attention to is and when she finally got to us we were about to be sat and the bartenders response was "well taps cannot be transferred." Ok attitude. No worries we will order drinks at the table. Be prepared to wait...and wait. Our server did his spiel got our drink order and we didn't see him for 20min. We didn't get any water and with several "managers" walking by you would think one of them would notice...nope. I'm writing this as I sit here waiting for our drinks and server to come back to take our order...not happy.
4	The food was mediocre, we had bacon and eggs and a veggie omelette, we will try desert next time.                                        The drinks were very good the service was great, Monique our server did a great job.                                                         The guy in the suit, a manager,was a total maniac he was running around apologizing for everything and saying off the wall things.                                            I would definitely come back for the drinks, they have one bar tender who managed to keep up with my girl and I despite our alcoholic tendencies and all of the drinks were very good.   I have them a 4 because I like to drink and their service was great
1	I have been hearing about this place for a long time. The problem with this "impulse" visit since we were in Town Square was not reading the Yelp reviews beforehand. They seemed to range from 1 star...those who came for the food to 4/5 stars...those interested in the alcohol.This spot (which used to be the Meatball Spot and prior hookah lounge) has been plagued with restaurant failures. I was hoping that a known strip brand would finally break that cycle, but it sadly did not. My daughter pointed out that most of the wait staff are "good looking", which seems to trump decent service. Albeit a very nice staff, no one seemed to have any real service industry substance. I asked our server about menu items and popularity and got a generic response. My order came out wrong the first time and small things like a side of ranch dressing with our fries were quickly forgotten items.I ordered what was the most disgusting thing I've eaten in a long time. The chicken caesar crepe looked promising but left me feeling nauseous, even as I write this review. It is presented as a crepe filled with a thick alfredo-like sauce with pieces of chicken served alongside a creamy caesar salad...with chicken. Why? I don't know. I only took a couple bites and it took every ounce of willpower not to gag.My daughter and wife both had the buffalo chicken sandwich. My wife enjoyed it, but my daughter said it was too tangy for her taste. An unfortunate dining experience when the best part was the fries.We saw most of the patrons enjoying a large smoking alcoholic beverage...what this place is known for. It's Sugar should just remove food from their agenda altogether and only serve drinks.Our bill came to $55 for 2 chicken sandwiches and 1 gross crepe. Sigh, really hate being disappointed in food and ripped off when dining out. I don't like the fact they will be opening up a location at the Galleria Mall because there are so many other worthy establishments. NEXT!!!
4	Went for lunch today with mine & my fiance's family to celebrate his birthday. The service started horrible from servers not knowing what alcohols were in their specialty drinks to receiving the wrong order and my mom receiving her grilled cheese sandwich after we all almost finished our meal. I shared the feedback of our experience with the Manager as I am very observant in customer service. The recovery made by the manager was ok but there was another gentleman that seemed like an investor or owner of the restaurant who checked on us and made the best recovery I have ever experienced first hand. I am in customer service and I was highly impressed and would return again because I know the top line does care. This place is new so I am sure once the front line is trained more, they will be great.
5	This is definitely a great spot to start the night before heading out to a club. The service is amazing and it server, Anthony, really took care of our group even though half of our party of 18 didn't show up. They even got the birthday girl a complementary drink and shots for everyone. It's best to bring big groups and the specialty drinks really hit the spot.
4	Our server Joe was great. Very accommodating and recommended choices tasted great. I had the tuna melt and my husband had turkey burger. I ordered the sexual  chocolate and my husband ordered the peace love and harmony. Great eatery. Will come back again.
4	I usually am a 5 star giver so it pains me to do this.  Had a weird experience there with getting my Eggs Benedict order correctly but once it was fixed......It was really really good.  Plus the scalloped potatoes were fabulous.Bottomless mimosas & Bloody Mary's were a hit too ! $20 & its on ! That's awesome ! Banana Split Crepe was really nice.After our order complications were ironed out, they were so apologetic I felt bad, but they made it right.  Very nice people, astute management & great food ! Oh & the decor is superb !
5	I'd come here again. Definitely the sugar factory. The waiter, Anthony, was very patient, and willing to help & give recommendations...we had a party of 10 and he did great with making sure we had all we need. My burger wasn't what I expected it to be but they had no issue with fixing it and I'm happy with the overall service received.
2	Overpriced and misleading. The "gigantic banana and walnut pancake" was a single regular sized pancake and the "loaded with banana" description meant 5 slices of banana. It was decent food, but not worth the price....
4	Loved this place. I had the 4 cheese grilled cheese with the tomato soup and it was the best tomato soup I have ever had!! The drink menu looked incredible but didn't get to have one want to go back to try some. The waiter was great too and the food came quick.
1	What horrible service.   I absolutely LOVE the sugar at Paris, by unfortunately this location was a huge disappointment     It took the hostess several minutes to even acknowledge me standing right in front of her.    After not getting any service for ten minutes after being sat, I got up and walked out. I mentioned this to a manager on the way out and his response was "oh, I'm sorry, we're very busy" and let me walk out. Never coming back !!
5	My wife and I love eating in town square and noticed that sugar factory looked very similar to serendipity off the strip.  We ordered  a virgin passion fruit goblet and boy were we surprised, quite possibly the greatest restaurant style drink we have ever had.  Matt was our waiter and he smiled and joked with us the entire time as if we were lifelong friends.  The macaroni stuffers were amazing and our order of steak and grilled cheese was even better.  We usually eat at much more expensive restaurants but this one really took the cake for the price.  I found myself telling my friends about how amazing their simple grilled cheese and tomato soup was.  My wife's steak was thin so we weren't expecting much but WOW it was amazing.  It had the taste and texture of a good porter house and was well marbled.  Matt was awesome and we look for him each time we go back.  Thanks !
3	We recently had a Sunday funday at Sugar Factory in Town Square and had a pretty good time.It started off a bit shaky because it took about 20 mins before anyone took our order, but our waiter definitely made up for it by giving some of the best customer service around. We had brunch with bottomless mimosas and he never let us run out. The food was okay but let's be honest, we were there for the alcohol.Sugar Factory wouldn't be my first choice, but I would definitely go back.
5	I've visited sugar factory at town square a few times now and each experience has been excellent. The food is always delicious and beautifully presented, the service impeccable, and the atmosphere is always so fun! I especially give a big thumbs up to my favorite yummy drink, the gummy bear goblet. I definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting or local :) perfect for a girls night or date night!
3	My friend and I used a groupon for this location at Town Square, lots of competition to eat elsewhere?? Anyway food is average and a little over priced, nothing to write home about... The pizza was like  Caesar Caesar pizza, just plain for too many $, would not order again, the drinks too much ice, for a few sips, not my kind of alcoholic drinks,, lots of chocolate Martinis . Service was pretty good the last  2 visits,, one more groupon to go and I think it will be the last visit, limited food menu, basic stuff.. No real signal on cell phone  and their wi- fi is hit or miss was able to use the town square one sitting outside...
4	I enjoyed this evening's dinner at Sugar Factory. I had been to the one at the Paris Hotel last year, and when I saw a Groupon for this location... I knew it was a must! We paid $30 for $62 worth of food and beverages! It's such an amazing deal! But it's not good for desserts.We ordered: an American Honey drink for $12, a frozen hot chocolate for $9, the chicken parmesan for $17, and the steak bernaise frites for $25. After our Groupon, we paid $6 plus tip. The drinks were SOOO delicious! The food was good, too!The server was friendly, but she was quite busy with a lot of tables. Understandable. It took a little bit for our food order to get to us, but our drinks came out really quickly! But it was okay... as we weren't in a hurry and were enjoying our drinks. Seriously... buy the Groupon. SOOO worth it! :D
3	I had brunch here with a few friends, it was good. I was greeted by the hostess and seated right away outside, it was a beautiful day to eat outside. The patio was covered so it was shady and cool. Our server was very nice and friendly and quick with our drinks. The food menu was full of sweets, all the pancakes, waffles and crepes were loaded with items on them. Not the place to go if you wanted something light, other then just eggs, but I guess it's just living up to its name. I settled for blueberry lemon pancakes. They were delicious, the blueberries were on top of the pancakes instead of baked inside them and it had lemon shavings on top as well. I also got a Bloody Mary, it was nothing to brag about and just ok. I figured since everything else is over the top it would be too but I was wrong. I've been here before for the cocktails and I must say they are amazing, pricey but tasty! I would go bak for the cocktails but not sure for the food. It wasn't bad just nothing to rave about.
2	Went for brunch. I ordered the smoked salmon croissant. My bread was burned and I had to ask for my side of potato. My friends ordered scrambled eggs with cheddar and well done crispy bacon. She received eggs with monterey jack and her bacon was not crispy. We had to track down our waiter for the check. The one salvation for the meal was their chocolate cake. It was superb.
2	This is definitely NOT the SF at Paris. Here is how our night went:1. Hostess seats us & tells us it's happy hour until close (1/2 off all drinks)2. Takes at least 10 minutes for a server to acknowledge us3. By the time he showed up, we were ready to order drinks & food4. Our appetizer showed up before our drinks (3 small pieces of bruschetta haphazardly thrown on a plate)5. My drink finally shows up...my husband's is nowhere in sight. 6. We had to flag down a manager to hunt down our other drink. 7. The kid sitting at the table next to us put his retainer on a side plate & the bus boy threw it out. Chaos ensues. COULDN'T MAKE IT UP IF I TRIED. 8. Dinner was mediocre. The serving sizes are half what they are at Paris, but the prices are the same. 9. Bill comes (after we wait awkwardly for 15 minutes)...the server had all our drinks at full price & also decided to charge us for a slice of birthday cake & a sparkler that we never order. When we pointed out the non-happy hour drinks, his response was, "Oh, did the hostess tell you it was happy hour? She's not supposed to do that." ???By the time they got our bill corrected, it went from $153 to $60. They were trying to charge us more than double what it should've been! Pretty sure we won't be returning...
4	Started out rough, thinking they opened at 1030, but they ended up opening early for us.  All you need to know is they have all you can drink mimosas and bloody marys for $20 on the weekends!  Service was quick and courteous and the food was typical American.  Great spot to relax on the weekends!!
4	Visited Sugar Factory last Saturday around 10pm, It was a nice, casual," pre party" environment, our waiter was really friendly and attentive. I had the "Hubba Bubba" martini and the Fried Macaroni & Cheese Pops as an appetizer. The drink was okay, I've had better. The appetizer was really good. I will definitely be back but will be trying a different drink.
5	Great place food and drinks where good awesome experience great service when you go ask for Scott to serve you
1	Our martini's were served in a stemless wine glass.  When I inquired about the glass he said they ran out of martini glasses.  Which I found hard to believe as we were there at 5:30p on a Sunday evening and the restaurant was 1/16th full.  Our steaks  were thin and dry.  I also received the incorrect sauce to go with my steak, back it goes.  Our Server Anthony recognized the many imperfections of our dining experience and took 50% off our bill.  While I appreciated the discount it is not enough for me to return.
1	If you're looking for a place to eat.... definitely not this place!!! Unless you're buying lollipops, don't go here! !!
3	Fun atmosphere...yes! Yummy drinks....yes! Great customer service yes!!! Pizza... No no no! I'm sure I will be returning again definitely to take advantage of the great happy hour special, but I will not be ordering the pizza again, no thank you!!
1	Absolutely disappointed. My first time with sugar factory was at the one located inside Paris Casino and it was okay. They were always known for their goblets and food was not something great the rave about. This would be my second time and I went to the town square Sugar Factory. It was the worst service I've ever had! We had a party of 6 girls and we had the groupon deal. I know it says one per a table so we thought if we couldn't combine then we'll sit at the bar. So when our server came we asked her about it and she said her manager will honor the groupon but we wouldn't be able to order out of happy hour. Happy hour? We never knew about happy hour! To make it short, the groupon was misleading saying that it's good for 2 drinks and 2 dinner when it's really you have to spend $30 worth of alcohol before you can get to entrees of dinner! So you would end up paying $60 for this so called deal! Not happy!  So in the end it was just cheaper to just order out if happy hour, which was half off of all alcohol drinks. At the end of our meal, the server who already started giving us attitude since we got there asked me if I would like desperate checks or all in one. I told her if it's not too much trouble, we would like separated checks. She said it's not a problem and came back with each one of our checks slapped with 18%! Thanks for telling us! And to top it off they had to charge the 18% off of the full priced goblet which is originally $30. Needless to say.... I will not be coming back here EVER! Food wasn't great, drinks were okay, and customer service was horrible!
2	Items Selected:Cherry Tootsie Pop - Chocolate and Cherry Vodka, Godiva Milk Chocolate Liqueur, Cherry PureeCotton Candy Cosmo - Pinnacle Cotton Candy Vodka, Poprock's RimCarrot Cake - Toasted Coconut Cream Cheese Icing, Candied Walnuts, Drizzled with Pineapple SauceRed Velvet Sundae - Vanilla Ice Cream, Red Velvet Cake Chunks, Fresh Raspberry, Vanilla Ice Cream, Warm Fudge, Whipped Cream, Sprinkles, Gummy CherriesCaramel Macchiato Martini ShotChocolate Decadence French Toast - Dark Chocolate Stuffed Brioche, Juicy Strawberries, White Chocolate Cream, Maple SyrupA locally born business having since expanded as far as New York I'd always been intrigued by the celebrity fascination with Sugar Factory but with an obviously overpriced menu and mixed reviews from persons I trust it was not until my visiting family purchased a Groupon that I finally decided to take the plunge, a late afternoon cocktail and dessert visit for three at the newest location in trendy Town Square.  Sprawling in size with glitz, glitter, and glamour to spare as $30 lollipops lined the walls it was to the tunes of Britney followed by Daft Punk that we arrived to the semi-shrouded entrance and soon seated it would not be long before the first of several slick-talking servers stopped by, a 'cool' vibe clearly part of the training though not particularly well sold as a multitude of check-ins bordered on annoying.  Undoubtedly a loud space, both literally and in the visual sense, it was to the tally of three plates plus two drinks that our $70 experience unfolded and with both drinks living up to the soda-sweet branding the desserts would mostly follow suit, the $13 slice of stuffed French Toast served with white chocolate alongside pure maple syrup doughy and underwhelming while a 3-scoop sundae and fruit-tinged carrot cake proved better, the former more than enough to share and the later a well balanced concoction of lightly sweetened frosting juxtaposing densely spiced cake.  Certainly not a spot for subtlety and thereby de facto 'celebrity' suffice it to say my Sugar Factory curiosity is satisfied but with Serendipity offering up a better experience in a similar vein I can't say I'll be rushing back, though I won't rule out an early morning breakfast at the 24/7 flagship sometime to see how they compare.
5	I enjoyed their cute atmosphere, it's colorful and fun. Their cocktails are awesome!! They were a bit too sweet for me so the bartender was nice enough to take it easy on the syrup! They were just right after. Their pizza is pretty good too. I'm going to go back and get one of those goblets and maybe order a desert next time!
4	We went to Sugar Factory last night for dinner at the Town Square location. It has a nice decor, awesome chandeliers. When it's someone's birthday they play 50 cent "It's Your Birthday" instead of the same 'ol Happy Birthday song. The food and dessert is so good. I wouldn't recommend to get the chicken fingers. They weren't breaded like how you would think. Service was excellent. They had a separate person topping off your drinks.
5	Amazing food, best place to be at town square.  Great happy hour, awesome staff!  You can't go to town square without a visit to sugar factory!
4	We dined at the bar for Mother's Day. The club sandwich and chinese chicken salad were both great!  Food service seemed a little off, not sure if it was because of the amount of people or what... It appeared that a lot of upper management were in observing...staff seemed nervous.The only thing that saved this review is the amazing bar service and food recommendations by Scott!  He made great drinks and was on top of everything! Will come back just to see him.
3	My first experience here last night with friends. I didn't eat, but friends did. Food looked good, but there was a problem with the staff & the service. We ended up with the manager serving us as our order was all messed up. In the end, they comped us the meal & drinks, which was very nice of them. Will have to try again once they've been up and running a while longer.
5	We had a great time here. We had a Groupon for $12 for $24. I've heard about the drinks here and was skeptical but they did not disappoint. John and Scott were GREAT help. John was very attentive to our needs and helped us decide on the Mai Tai goblet!! Yummy!! Definitely will dine here again.
5	Scott the bartender and or server is great. Free shots and amazing drinks and food. If you're visiting or a local it's a definite must visit! I would recommend it to everyone I know!
5	We went to sugar factory for brunch with our groupon! I recommended you getting it saves you soo much money. We had ricardo c. as our waiter he was so great and helpful! He is the real reason why I gave 5 stars. The breakfast was delightful and the Mai Thai goblet got me feeling good! Highly recommend. I think overall was a wonderful experience. Thank you Ricardo!!
5	My husband and I brought our little girls into Sugar Factory for dinner about a week ago. I am not writing this review because of the food, I am writing it because of the service! We had a server named Jessica and she made our experience amazing!! I am a server/bartender and I am very picky when it comes to service. She blew the roof off of that place! She made my girls feel so special and made us want to come back just to hang out with her. She made me feel like we were best friends :) If you go to Sugar Factory in Town Square, ask for Jessica!!
5	Came back with 2 of my good Friends for some drinks with dessert! The vibe this time was great! To start my drink on I ordered the Blow Pop Martini (12$) the ream had pop rock candy so you can already imagine all the popping going inside your mouth:) Well for dessert I was scared to order red velvet since last time i came here it was super dry and left disappointed, so I decided to go ahead and order a slice of red velvet cake (8$) and I loved it! It was moist and had a really good cheese cake filling ( hands down!) I like it there I still need to come back and try those goblets! :s
5	5 star night for sure! My sister in law and I love sugar factory, since she is a local, every time I visit we usually designate a night out to go to the location in Paris...not anymore! After our experience at town square I doubt we'll go anywhere else. I am in no way comparing to be rude, I am only doing so because I think its valuable info. The food was definitely better tasting, we had the chicken tenders (our favorite), puff pastry brie, and they brought out complimentary popcorn shrimp which we hadn't ever tried and ended up LOVING! Our main course was the Fettuccini Alfredo with shrimp which was also good, the cheese bread that came with it was incredible! I had the lollipop passion goblet and had the best buzz ever. At Paris, we had a goblet each and a martini after and left barely buzzing. The bartender at town square definitely hooked us up, he even teamed up with our waitress to make our night great by bringing us rounds of watermelon (Jolly) shots, on the house! I don't know about you, but service definitely determines my return to anywhere that I visit and the attentive staff at this location really made our night. Britney was helping us and she was such a sweetheart, made us laugh and seriously made our night! The manager at the location, I'm so sad I forgot his name was also really awesome, we got there kind of late and he lagged the kitchen to make sure we didn't eat in a hurry. He also checked up on us during the meal to make sure everything was wonderful, so awesome! Overall, loved everything about this location. The music was up to date and fun, drinks were strong but yummy, food was delicious, and our nutella dessert and smores martinis sealed the deal! Can't wait to visit again!! :DPS. Floyd Mayweather was having a party at this location the night that we were there and according to the staff, celebs visit this location all the time (just an added bonus) haha
5	We were a little hesitant to go to the Sugar Factory, mostly based on previous reviews about the lack of customer service.  BUT, we were pleasantly surprised!  Our server Anthony was so nice, informative, and attentive.  The salmon was so good, and the cocktails were fun.  A little pricey, but worth it!
3	I'm giving this a three star review because the ladies I was with really liked the foo-foo drinks.  Me, I'd rather have a good scotch or a Guinness.  The quality of the food really makes this review a 2 star if I don't include my friends' reactions.  It was bland.  I mean how do you make a meh burger?  Local taverns do it better.  At least it was Monday happy hour so it was relatively cheap.  Didn't like having the tip added to my bill.  Glad somebody else noticed.  Service wasn't worth an 18% tip.  I've been invited back, but have said no.
1	This place is awful. Tuna salad consisted of a can of chunk light dumped on iceberg lettuce...no mayo, dressing, seasoning or anything else. My friend had the wedge salad and the blue cheese dressing was almost nonexistent and watery. And the place is hot!!! Almost no relief from the 100 degree weather outside. No cell service or wifi. My friend liked the cheese cake. Thank goodness!!
1	So around 9:00pm on Saturday May 24th I had called Sugar Factory inside the Town Square Mall to make reservations for 10:30pm to sit outside for a party of 9. We arrived at 10:30 with just half of our party, and the rest of the party showed up like 10:45 and that's when we had just ordered all our drinks. We receive our drinks like not even 5mins later. Ok when it comes around to 11:40 the waiter came up to our table said last call on drinks we close at 12pm when on there website it says 1am btw. I'm like wait what?!! They should have told us that when I was making the reservation that night at 9p, that FYI We close at 12pm but they apparently Didn't! So we go and order more drinks. So the waiter gave us our last round of drinks mind you 60oz drinks. And he gives us our bill right after as he leaves and says to us we can take our time and hang out. Then this buser girl starts walking around to see how we are doing like kinda just to push us out. And then about 10mins later the part that pissed me off they started shutting off the lights of the whole restaurant including the outside area where we were still enjoying our $27 beverage and also turned off the music. I was very upset! we just payed $300+ on our tab and your trying to seriously kick us out now. And mind you the person doing the light shutting off was the 2 managers themselves!!!! Then buser girl comes out again mind you it's prob 12:40ish and I told her I feel like your trying to kick us out by shutting the lights & music off. I had told her I've even working for costumer service for over 12 plus years & I've worked in a restaurant business what you guys are doing is very disrespectful. And she told me "I'm not trying to kick you the people inside want to go home I get paid hourly so I can careless how long you stay." At this time she walks away to tell someone how I was complaining. And some other guy comes not even a manager to speak for them since they didn't want to hear it from me I can see, and apologizes to me and says that they are under new management and he apologizes for everything that had happened. He got my info. Still yet have heard from anyone. I will NEVER EVER COME BACK AGAIN! I will go to the one at the Paris Hotel where the drinks where 100% better and actually decorate your cup the way the menu picture appears to look like.
5	This place was amazing!!! If you're looking for a quiet dinner, this is def not the place for you.  Very loud and energetic, fun for large crowds and even kids. We had a groupon for 8 people but had a party of 10 with us. The manager let the extra two partake in the groupon AND let us order WHATEVER we wanted from the menu instead of the limited groupon choices. Highly recommend this place to everybody. The staff were incredible and the food was plentiful and delicious! The $99 ice cream sundae was extremely over the top and the BEST ice cream I have ever had...mmmmmmmmm.
3	I guess I should've yelped this location before actually buying the Groupon.  I'm not a fussy yelper and if I have a great experience I always give 5 stars, but for this particular time I can only give 3 stars.We actually went to Town Square to use this Groupon while visiting Vegas.  We got there a little early so they weren't open yet, so we did a little shopping first.  When we got to the restaurant it was of course empty so we were seated and greeted right away.  Everyone was great.  Customer service was awesome.Now the food on the other hand...my sister ordered sliders and a side of fries and I ordered a pizza with mushrooms and black olives.  We got our drinks pretty fast...but the food was another thing.  The restaurant was dead, at most there were 4 tables occupied.  So when it took 30 minutes for the food to come out, it was a bit disappointing.  I understand that it takes a while to cook the pizza, but not 30 minutes.  Needless to say we were hungry by the time the food came out.  The food looked great when it was put onto the table.  So I grabbed a slice of pizza and put it on my daughter's plate, then I grabbed a slice for myself.  It was a thin crust pizza, which was soaked in tomato sauce.  I could only eat one slice because of how soggy it was.  So I ended up eating one of my sister's sliders.  I don't know if it was because I was hungry or if the slider was actually that good...lol  I should've said something about the pizza, but i'm pretty sure that I won't be going back to that location anytime soon.  I also didn't want to wait for them to make me something else when I was hungry.  My advice would be to only go there for drinks and pupu's, which i'm pretty sure they can't mess up.
1	Never again. Went there earlier and had the worst service. Hostess didn't know if one of the servers was new. I asked the hostess for a pen to sign my check and was offered a.crayon. Server poured iced tea in my glass of water, saw she made a mistake then walked away then came back to bus a plate. I had to ask her to take the glass of tea water. Was asked if I wanted a to-go box for my water. Who does that. I swear I thought I was on an episode of plunked or what would you do. Wow. Never again Sugar Factory Town Square.Try screening your employes for some common sense. I'll go to the one near the Paris hotel.
1	Brought the family for dinner and was a little disappointed. Had the grilled chicken sandwich with french fries, standard waffle, cheeseburger and steak respectfully. Steak was bland, chicken sandwich was decent, waffle was decent, burger was good but the fries were way too salty. The biggest problem I had was the music...EDM crap that was way too loud! I just didn't understand why I had to listen to dubstep while I ate. Then again the girl next to us, who looked like she been in the tanning bed way way too long, was feeling the drop. I'll pass on the skrillex burgers...
5	Fantastic restaurant within the beautiful towns square area. Food was great I had the meatballs and garlic bread. Goblets are amazing me and my boyfriend had a lovely time here. We had purchased a groupon and had plenty of good. Also brought a goblet to bring home which was wrapped in a lovely bag. Our waitress was fantastic and all other staff appeared to be very professional and welcoming. Will defo come back here a truly lovely spot in Las Vegas. In fact I'm so glad this was available on groupon as I didn't even know town square existed !!
2	So went w fam last night.   Service was a bit slow and very inattentive.   Was decent, burgers are good quality.  Fries were a bit soggy.  We waited a while for water and soda refills, salt and napkins.  Server didn't bother to ask how our food was.  Here is my biggest beef w the place:  I asked for bacon on my burger - it cost 4 dollars for a 14 dollar burger... Stupid expensive for just bacon on a burger.  The burgers were good but not worth 18 dollars plus tax.  Safe to say IF we go back we won't be adding bacon to our burgers.  And get a living social deal to save 10 bucks on your meal.  The groupon deal is very restrictive.
4	This Town Square location is an above average place. I waiver between 3 and 4 stars, but will give it the 4. It's got above average prices, but it ain't too bad for what you get. And there are usually some specials or groupons or other things that can help you shave off some cost.This location is smaller than the Strip/casino versions. It has a much much smaller section for the candy items. But I like that about this place - it keeps it feeling more like a restaurant.The space itself is pretty and well-appointed. Clean and modern. Very nice. I really like sitting in the booths. They're u-shaped and offer plenty of space. And they're actually pretty comfy. There's also a nice outdoor patio section too. And there's a bar area as well where you can sit and dine.The service I've experienced here as always been good. Friendly and very attentive. I really appreciate how the servers keep you posted as to the status of your order. And they're always good about letting you know about drink deals and whatnot.The menu is plentiful. Lots of options. And it's always so hard to choose. Everything from red velvet pancakes to chocolate crepes to burgers to omelettes  to steak to sundaes. Plenty of both sweet and savory options. Plenty of breakfast, lunch, dinner, and dessert options.The red velvet pancakes (especially with the white chocolate syrup) are quite yummy. I also enjoyed the eggs benedict with salmon and asparagus. And the sundaes are, naturally, pretty darn awesome. And quite sizable too. The sundae for two could really be a sundae for four.Brunch is a definite good deal here as they do offer all-you-can-drink bloody marys and mimosas. And you literally never even have to ask for another one, as another one will be at your table before you've even finished the drink you're on. And they'll even bring them to you two at time.All in all, I'm becoming a fan of this place, and will be back again and again.
5	Nice atmosphere, great service!  Sundaes are enormous and can feed a family!
5	AMAZING SERVICE!!! ASK FOR RIKKI:I have been to the Town Square location a couple of times and prior to tonight, they had sub-standard service... Great food though & awesome fun drinks which I loved, so I tried again with my family from Utah.I was amazed at how fantastic and super attentive our server, Rikki (aka Ricardo) was!!! He got our order in last minute so we could eat even though he didn't have to make it work when their kitchen closed at 10pm and we wanted to order at 9:56pm.He was fun and really seemed to care about his profession at the Sugar Factory Town Square.  Smiling everywhere he walked in the restaurant! I loved the fun time that he seemed to be having while working.He was there every single time we needed him, he went above & beyond with my 5 year old son, telling me to order the kids menu fried macaroni & cheese instead of the adult app size (which would have benefitted him in bill size...) he even put my son's ice water in a kids cup with lid & straw w/o being asked (that's a BIG plus!!!). Plus my cousin's daughter was newly 21, so she was given the fireworks in her comp dessert.I can say enough about how great the service was with Rikki, though.  He has set the bar very high for my return visits... I will be asking for his section, always!!!
2	I came here to treat a friend for her birthday, I bought the groupon deal.We sat inside because it was too hot to sit in the patio, I ordered the lollipop drink with my groupon which was delicious, amazing presentation, it was a large goblet.We then ordered the appetisers brushetta, and fried mac and cheese pops, the bruschetta , the tomatoes were old, the fried mac and cheese pops , needed to be fried more, When it came to the main course, sadly the chinese chicken salad, looks nothing like the picture on the menu, the lettuce was old, tasted weird, we had call the manager to return the food.On a positve note the drinks were really delicious, the  mai tai a large drink in the goblet and during happy hour, its worth it, but i would not come here for the food, I would only recommend this place for the drinks,I would not return to eat here, maybe only for the drink specials.
3	NOT the same focus as the Sugar Factory on the strip.  This one is a sit-down restaurant in Town Square that has some retail candy available for purchase.  I would not have tried except for a Living Social offer but I'm glad I did.  Somewhat overpriced for the location and food but the grilled four cheese sandwich with tomato soup was really good.  I like cheese but have to admit the sandwich had too much cheese.  The tomato soup was quite good.  Service was efficient but then it was pretty empty for lunch on a Friday at 11:00.
3	I am such a huge fan of Sugar Factory.  When I worked on then strip I used to take my staff to then location at Paris.  I was so impressed that about 2 years ago I had my team dinner there and then last year we had a bachelorette dinner there too.  I always enjoy then appetizers and fruity cocktails! This past Wednesday my husband and I decided to celebrate our anniversary with the kids at the location at Town Square because my daughter wanted to go to the park and I wanted my daughter to enjoy the desserts. The positive as I walked in is that the drinks were 50% off (I later found out that appetizers are too based on the yelp page and my server didn't even give us the 50% off, even after I had to correct him on giving me 50% off the drinks- maybe he wasn't sure if we would tip off the regular price- who knows?).  First disappointment - no bubble gum iced teaSecond disappointment - our server didn't even tell us about Happy Hour but he told the table next to usThird disappointment- our appetizer baked brie took forever. My husband noticed that the table of girls got the same appetizer before us and they ordered way after us.  I said maybe ours is coming out next.  My 1 year old was a little fussy so we went walking around the mall.  I came back about 15 minutes.  My husband was shaking his head and didn't look too happy.  I said what happened.  He said he watched our baked brie go from the table next to us (as they finally told the server it wasn't theirs) to inside the restaurant to right back to us.  He didn't say anything as we pretty much don't like to say anything especially when other people are cooking your food.  I know I should have but I just wanted to enjoy my anniversary dinner with my family.  My husband was already irritated and grouchy that I just wanted to eat my food and leave. A minute later our entrees were dropped and no silver ware on the table.  We asked for another set of silverware because she only bought 2 and there were 4 of us.  The server said to my husband you need one too...um, yes, how else would he eat his crepe?   We didn't get to enjoy desserts because we were upset with the experience and just wanted to leave and take then kids to the park.Positives- food was great - macaroni pops, garbage salad and chicken crepe was very delectable.  (Although we didn't enjoy the brie because it was cold and the fact that it was sitting on another table was just not appetizing after)I really hope they make it at that spot because that's the 3rd or 4th restaurant in there.  They really need to step up the game with service and let everyone know about happy hour and give them the happy hour price!
5	I think I am going to call this my new favorite off-strip place! I found the food very tasty. I happened to show up during Happy Hour so I was pleased to find that all of my drinks were half off. Mac sure you try the Mac & Cheese App. Its absolutely amazing!!
2	I came here on Sunday for lunch because Brio was closed.... Needless to say I will never return unless it's for desert. I ordered the party melt and it was terrible. The bread was twice the size as the burger and for $20 I could have made 8 of them at my house that would have been much better. The service was no better. I got my food before my drinks and then when I asked for a side of ketchup I was finished eating before I got it. The deserts are great but would never recommend anyone to go here for food.
5	Went to this place for the first time i had so much fun great atmosphere delicious specialty drinks or maybe we just had an awesome server Lauren  she was so attentive! definitely will be going again....
4	Drew youre the man! He was an absolute peach and took care of my motley crew of eight! Now some people can't even handle my rowdy husband and I but this guy Drew did it x's four! All of the food was great and everything came out in perfect time. Everyone was happy and the party was in full swing! My husband and I were ever the heroes With the crew, everyone had a blast.   My only tiny tiny gripes were that the AC didn't work at full capacity because we were all a little warm, and the chicken and waffles wasn't quite as good as I had on the strip a year ago, but these things aren't enough from keeping me to come back and see Drew!
2	We came here because I had a friend visiting from out of town and it was her choice.  i didn't know what to expect, since I hadn't heard too much about it before.  I went on Yelp first to read reviews.  It looked like service was questionable, really just depends on who you got. The food received pretty good reviews, so I decided to roll the dice.  It's a beautiful restaurant at first glance.  Looks just like the pictures online.  They were pretty courteous when we first walked in.  She gave us a booth in the back right.  We started with the...Mac and Cheese Pops: Mac and Cheese fried in what I can only describe as Corn Dog batter, stuck at the end of the stick.  These were actually pretty tasty, despite my earlier description.  Don't blame me, I go with what I know.Then off to the main course...Fried Egg Sandwich: This was supposed to come on an English Muffin, but I asked for a croissant instead.  Served with Canadian Bacon aka Ham, white gravy with huge chunks of sausage, and of course... the piece de resistance.. a fried egg, a little over easy, a little over hard.  Accompanied by it's good ole' friend the french fry.Up next on the menu...Chinese Chicken Salad:  Do not be fooled people.  Items in the mirror may appear larger then they are.  There's a picture on this menu that makes this salad look larger then life.  In reality, it's kind of a small salad.. LOL.. None-the-less, it was pretty good.  I would rather have a little of something good, then a whole heap of something bad!For drinks...I don't really remember the name of mine, but I think it was a Jolly Rancher Martini.  It was tasty.  Definitely, a lot of sugar in these martinis, but I guess that's why you come to the Sugar Factory.  My friend got 2 drinks, but she cannot remember their names, so I decided to leave them off my review.  Let's just assume that they were tasty and sweet.At this point, you might be asking yourself... Sounds good so far, why the 2 stars?  And that's a good question.  Nothing I have wrote till now, would justify this low of a rating.  Let me tell you what happened...Picture it... Sugar Factory, this afternoon, 2014...Through all this good food, there was one major issue... the black fly in your chardonnay...  our server... Our server rushed us the whole time.  We had never been there before and we had questions about the menu, that he couldn't answer.  He spent the whole time moving us right along.  Literally, he wanted us to square the bill while we were still eating.  Really Sugar Factory???  Have a little class.  For how much the food is there, I expect to enjoy the experience... a little.  Turns out, there was a shift change coming, and we know... BECAUSE HE TOLD US. I know the food was tasty, and I would like to say it was worth the money.  But I am a person that values an experience, and my experience here was not that great.  Sorry Sugar Factory.. The next time I'll see you is only if a visiting tourist kidnaps me and forces me to eat sugar... LOL!!
4	So the boyfriend took me to the Sugar Factory at Town Square for a sweet dinner last night. When I called ahead  I asked the hostess if there was a wait for a table and she said no. Once we got there, 5 minutes later, the hostess told us there were no tables available just the bar, ugh. So another hostess (tall, thin, blonde hair) told us she would open up a section and seat us, perfect! We waited for 5 minutes for our water, which the nice hostess brought us surprisingly) and another 10 for the waitress to take our order. There was a DJ setting up and two men in blazers following each other around, strange but funny! The music was ridiculously loud so our visit was starting to turn sour at this point. My boyfriend ordered a beer and 5 minutes later was told was out of that beer. He ordered another beer and after about 10 minutes no beer and the food came. One of the men in the blazers came by to ask us if the music was too loud and my boyfriend asked about his beer. He came back to tell us he was out of that beer too, really?! He noticed the disappointment and brought a Makers and coke on him, nice! After we started eating we noticed the man in the blazer come back in with a plastic bag and then served the beer we had ordered, wow. The Manager went out to get the beer that we ordered, AMAZING!! My boyfriend ordered a burger and the fries were super good. I ordered the ham and cheese crepe and aside from the cheese being overpowering, it was yummy and the nutter flutter shake was killer! There was also a server that was dancing as he was serving his orders and I mean sliding across the floor on his knees, lol! Pros and cons aside I was impressed with the management pulling it together for the staff and making sure tables were happy :) btw I just ate the red velvet cake I took to go and I will say this like a high school girl, OH EM GEE MMMMMMM!
3	I have been to the sugar factory on the strip and loved it so when I saw this yelp deal I thought I would check this one out too. The food was great as always. I got a banana split crepe but the service was lacking. It took us at least 10 minutes to just get a drink. The waitress looked like she would rather not be there. Took a while to get anything even though there were 20 waiters walking around to the 3 tables filled. Good food, meh customer service.
2	Food was mediocre, desserts underwhelming, terrible service. Happy hour drink prices are excellent. Mist likely won't be back. Too bad, had such high hopes! The only redeeming thing is that the food runner was dancing as he delivered food, nice to see an employee who enjoys his job.
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE!!! I don't give out many one star ratings, so when I do it's well deserved! It's taken me a few days to write this review because that's how long it took me to get the manager Marlon's name. I asked multiple employees there and because he was there they refused to give us his business card or name, I've never experienced this, EVER! He was super disrespectful not once but TWICE, second time rolling his eyes at my sister as I watched him. The reason we went back the second time is because we had already purchased a Living Social deal that was only redeemable at that location and we didn't use it the first night there cause the service was so bad we left immediately before losing my temper. The first night we were moved from the bar area to the dining area cause of the kids with us, we were never told they were closed though, so we sat there waiting for a server until finally asking about 20 minutes later and that's when they told us the dining are is closed for the night. Really?! Marlon didn't seem to care one bit! We told them that the hours online say midnight, and he said he's not aware of any of Sugar Factory's online info, and just stared at us. We needs up leaving while he gave us an attitude and rolled his eyes, AGAIN! DO NOT COME HERE FOR ANYTHING!!! Vegas is known for customer service this place treats you like scum.
1	Place is empty. Totally ignored by staff.    VERY overpriced for what you get. Don't bother
4	The food is good and the drinks are huge and awesome. The only bad thing I can say about this place is people that work there are snobby and they lack in customer service. Also the prices on the menus are on the pricey side. But other than that it's a good place to eat.
3	I'm reading all the reviews about this place before I write mine and wow I can relate to a lot of these reviews. First off when I arrived at this location in Town Square I noticed that the AC didn't work. Drinking alcohol in a warm musty room doesn't help. Sweat just came pouring so embarrassing with friends around. Second, there wasn't any cell phone connection. Couldn't access my phone.Third, the price for the food is outrageous. Make sure you go there during happy hour because it's 50% off on limited items. Overall it wasn't worth the $400 my bro in law paid, it was a sub par experience. Bring a sweat rag with you coz your gonna need it!
5	It was mine and my friends first time together in Vegas and the bartender was so awesome. She was the nicest and accommodating bartender. Two thumbs way up :) Next time we will definitely do more thank just drink here.
2	Disappointing. For drinks I ordered the cherry tootsie pop cocktail. When my drink came, it looked nothing like the one on the menu. My drink didn't look appetizing at all. And I swear there's suppose to be a gummy worm that comes with my drink. The drink tasted exactly like a cherry tootsie pop so it definitely lived up to it's name. However it was just too sweet for me. I ordered something simple for food. The Signature Sugar Factory Burger. It tasted like a plain burger to me. So i was confused with what made it their signature burger. Again, it didn't look like what it looked like in the menu. This burger comes with crispy fried onion. The burger I got had a pinch of fried onion that only took up less than half the burger. And it wasn't crispy at all. It was soggy. In fact, when i bit into it, you could't tell if there was any onions in it at all. I asked for cheddar cheese and they gave me swiss. The bun was great, the patty was perfect. I didn't taste any mayo. And I had one piece of lettuce.My mom ordered the Sugar Factory club sandwich. That sandwich tasted like something you buy at a gas station. The menu says that it comes with turkey breast. The turkey that was in our sandwich tasted like ham. And it looked like ham too. It also looked like it was store bought straight from the sandwich meat department, in the containers. I expected there to be a piece of avocado in the sandwich but there was only a thin layer of avocado spread that you can barely see. Oh and the water didn't taste right.Other than that, the service was good. The french fries were good as well. But i don't think i'll ever go there again. Maybe to try their goblet drinks.
3	Ummm definitely share a goblet if you can. Lots to share. The garbage salad was good even though they forgot the avocado which we had to wait for. The fries for 5$ could have had more. But good service! The Mai tai was more Malibu like so it wasn't too bad. The passion goblet was pretty strong.
5	Great food great service. Chinese chicken salad is my favorite. Drew is cute and single come see him ;)
5	Delicious food, friendly staff and is a nice clean environment. Oh and the waiters cute. Will definitely be coming back.
4	Sugar factory is always enjoyable for me. I live in the Las Vegas area and when I need a break from work life I relax with a signature cocktail or share a fishbowl.  That staff and bartenders are not just friendly, but very energetic. The environment is always upbeat and entertaining enough for me to appreciate my night out.  Maria was my bartender at the town square site and she was one of the nicest and most attentive that I've had.  I definitely recommend checking it out.
5	Walked by and saw a real cool drink with smoke coming off of it. Decided to go in and I'm glad I did. Try the white gummi goblet it's delicious!! And the smoke comes from the dry ice at the bottom of the glass, it's a great added feature :)
4	This location is easy to get to. We enjoyed my daughters bday lunch and it was great. Service by Kathy was prompt and on point. Will definitely come back.
4	One of the best happy hours in town. Fun and delicious drinks with great food. Get a huge goblet of signature cocktail full of candy, and dry ice. Try the Mac n cheese pops or a burger on a brioche bun. Ask for Ricci to be your server, very attentive and pleasant.
5	Girls night, happy hour and shareable food(; happy hour all day Friday. Drinks are awesome, and bartenders are super nice.  Check in and get a coupon too:) the goblets are worth it. Chicken fingers are good for two people $10 (;
5	First experience here at sugar factory was great.  I don't often write reviews but our sever Lauren was great.  She kept checking up on us to make sure our orders were brought to us on time and made sure our orders were brought on time.  We didn't to wait long.  That's what you call good customer service!
4	Service is great,  clean and fun atmosphere, without having to deal with the crowds at the strip.  Lots of Michael Jackson music, if you're into that.  :) the banana split crepe is delicious.  The turkey Club was great too, the fries were a bit mushy for my taste, but I like extra thin and crispy.
1	This place is a gimmick and a joke. The food quality is similar to Burger King. The fondue was an embarrassment. Save your money and go to Dairy Queen. Service was terrible. I was told the Sugar Factory near the Paris was better.
5	Have been here three times now and always had a great time. Food and drinks are delicious. Super fun for date night or girls night!!!
1	Used a Groupon which was misleading.  We were told pay 30 for 60 worth of food which included all you can drink mimosas and bloody Marys for two.  Turns out that the unlimited drinks was 20 per perso, leaving only 10 worth of food per person. We wouldn't have ordered as much food if we knew that.  Took us about 15 minutes to get a high chair after asking 3 people.  For unlimited drinks they were very slow and watered down. Not worth 20 each. The food was good but service wasn't great. Also the wifi didn't work at all.
5	Took the family for the first time to sugar factory at town square Lauren was our server what an amazing experience good food great service We highly recommend any one to go there. Thank you Lauren!!!
5	I enjoyed my experience at Sugar Factory very much. The food was delicious and the drinks were amazing! But the best part, in my opinion, was the excellent service! Our waiter was great, and everyone who came by our table was so friendly. I loved our experience there and would definitely go back my next time in Las Vegas!
5	Darla was great, we had a big party with split checks and was extremely patient and Nice. The burger was amazing, the goblets are soo good. I had the white gummy and they Mai tai.
5	This location is worth driving off the strip for. Great happy hour and our server (Darla) was amazing! We had a bunch of teenagers with us and coming from the service industry, I know how frustrating a bunch of teenagers can be to serve. Good food, great drinks and awesome service.
5	Awesome place! Lauren is the best! Great service! Love the drinks, most definitely will go for seconds!
5	We stopped in here for the first time a few weeks ago and love it.  We've been back a few times a week for drinks and appetizers and everything is excellent.Must try: Blow Pop, Hubba Bubba or White Chocloate martini.   All great drinks.We've only sat at the bar but all the staff we have encountered are great.  Maria, Joe and all of the other bartenders are awesome and very friendly.   The manager stopped by our seats and thanked us for visiting again which was a nice touch.  Nice to know their repeat guests are noticed!
4	First and foremost the service was great. We were seated promptly at the table of our choice. Then were greatest by a very delightful waitress. The drinks were good as the usually are. Our food came out quickly. The food was ok. Nothing to really brag about. Then desserts were amazing.  Not a bad date spot for Music, drinks, and desserts.
5	This place has a good vibe. Our server Nissa  gave us wonderful service and will always come back to see her for her.
5	Service was great. Nissa areas extremely helpful and accommodating. I definitely recommend her as a waitress and will come back and ask for her in the future. We got the Lollipop Passion and a basket of fries. Everything was fantastic!
3	To begin with, The Sugar Factory at Town Square has a great staff and an amazing experience. The only minus is that the food comes from a very select menu and is not all that great. Also, it doesn't even compare to The Sugar Factory on the Strip!
2	Way mediocre food, slow and inattentive service - no wonder this place was empty at prime weekend brunch time. That's pretty bad if they can't even fill a restaurant this size with their constant groupon deals. This corner spot seems to be cursed, and Sugar Factory will probably end up closing like all the rest. The strip location is fun and great for groups, this one is so empty it's depressing.The deal is pretty good - you get $60 for $30 that you can use on food & drinks for 2. It started out kind of crappy - I wanted the Lollipop Passion goblet, their signature drink. But was told that I can't have it because the lollipops cost too much. #1 the drink costs exactly the same as the rest of the goblets, so you're stupid for not pricing it higher than the rest, how is that my fault? #2 it's not stated as exempt in the fine print. and #3 the groupon is basically constantly up so they've had more than enough time to add that detail. It pissed me of on principle. She had to speak to the manager to even get them to say I could order the goblet but without the candy. Friend thought his pizza burger was decent. The sugar factory eggs benedict was kind of a joke too - yes the description doesn't state that there are english muffins, but isn't that one kind of a given? You know a burger comes on a bun even if it's not mentioned, so wtf. So it's $16 for canadian bacon, potatoes and poached egg with cold slightly congealed hollandaise. YUM!Weird I also just looked at their website - the drinks are more expensive at the Paris location understandably, but at least the breakfast food is cheaper? And the strip has a classic eggs benny WITH english muffins, while town square doesn't have that option. dumb...
5	My first time here and I love it. The menu is playful, fun with a lot of variety. Being able to enjoy made to order crepes with Sugar Factory signature cocktails is delightful. I can't wait to bring my family next time. Great place for adults and family.
5	Great happy hour....and great food Outdoor seating with misters on patio and great service
5	Love the factory.  During the week it's always happy hour.  Half price drinks from 6 to 10 and their 4 cheese pizza is one of my favorite pizzas in town.  Nessa always treats us well.  If I don't feel like pizza I get the Brie and turkey.  Thick juicy turkey and succulent melted Brie.  This is definetly my spot in Town Square
5	The service here is fantastic. We were seated right away and our server , drew , brought us over waters as we were being seated. The staff is super friendly and were constantly checking in on us Our food came out quick and was absolutely delicious. The grilled chicken sandwich and turkey and Brie sandwich was delicious as was our fish bowl Mai Tai I would 100% recommend this sugar factory location to everyone living in and visiting vegas
4	I felt quite welcome at 2 in the afternoon for lunch alone and enjoyed chatting with the friendly waiter.  It was quiet, because at that hour it was almost empty, as expected. I enjoyed the steak au poivre, which was not quite traditional, but OMG the mashed potatoes were right up there with the best I've ever had. And I've had Michel Richard's, which he cheerfully admits are 50% butter. With all the candy around it might be a good birthday spot for kids as well. The potatoes were a memorable indulgence, so alcohol or dessert were not required. Thank you for the Groupon, Sugar Factory.
5	Great place, had the Sugar Factory Burger but the service here was outstanding definitely recommend server Matt to help you out. Definitely on top of his game, Thank you Matt
5	The service is incredible. Which is equally on par with the food here. Love the atmosphere. I am never disappointed when I eat here, and will continue to show up in the future as well. Great company top to bottom.
1	We had a table of 9. It was so hot in there we were sweating and fanning ourselves. Service was terrible and here is why:1) We were consistently out of water,  when the server finally decided to stop blaming the runners he brought a barely full pitcher to fill one glass.  Took 20 minutes to come back to fill the rest. 2) Two of us went without silverware for the duration for the meal,  we asked 3x for setups,  had to resort to stealing from another table. 3) THE FOOD... For a place that charges $14-16 for a salad you would expect it to be something you couldn't make at home,  and honestly we make better salads at home. The Chinese chicken salad looks nothing like the pitcure on the menu,  the lettuce was old and the chicken looked boiled, pretty sure it had little to no purple cabbage, it was disappointing. Overall when you spend close to $80 bucks for two people you expect to leave satisfied. This place should stop serving food and just focus on drinks made with candy because that's it's only strong suit.
5	Great service and food. Our server had a very large party but made sure we got the treatment we expected and more.
4	This place is great. The food is good and the drinks are wonderful! Q was out server and he was super friendly. I will definitely come here again!
5	Service here was wonderful. Rebecca was our server, and she was sweet and very accommodating. I had the roasted salmon with asparagus. The skin was crispy, and the fish was excellently cooked. I really enjoyed this dish. I tried my husband's steak au poivre and frites. It was really flavorful and tasty. He got potato chips with it, and when he asked to get french fries instead, Rebecca gladly obliged and immediately brought the fries. We got the classic milk chocolate fondue. It was perfect for my husband, myself, and my son. Next time, I'm definitely sampling more tasty desserts!!!!
5	Date & Time:  Friday July 21, 2014 @ 10pmLocation:  TownsquareDining Companions:  Cousins, Niece & The HusbandScene:  Attractive Groups of Girls in Little Black Rompers & Wedge ShoesDecor:  Gorgeous Pale Grey & White Banquettes,  Marble Tables & ChandeliersService:  EfficientImbibe:  Classic Frozen Hot Chocolates,  Strawberry Frozen Hot Chocolate, Smore's Frozen Hot ChocolateTotal:  $65  Thanks to Cousin AJ & his Lovely Girlfriend
5	Delicious! White chocolate coconut frozen hot chocolate was to die for!Service was a bit slow and seemed like everyone was a trainee.
5	Amazing drinks and great service ! Also if your trying to get away from all the tourists on the strip this location is better for you. Can't wait to come back !
5	OH MY YUMMY!my husband and i like to visit places off the las vegas strip and find out what the locals like to eat. after visiting another restaurant in town square, we remembered we passed The Sugar Factory and Boy, are we GLAD we did! we had sundaes and ice cream sandwiches that were to die for! they offer goblets of their Signature 60 oz. drinks, sandwiches, burgers, brunch on Sunday, pizzas, etc... we had a Fantastic Server - Lauren. she was friendly, polite, patient with us while our eyes glazed over looking at the menu, and promptly brought us our check when she knew we were ready for it. the atmosphere, decor, music, food, and service will encourage us to come back on our future trips to las vegas! check out their menu: http://sugarfactory.com/sites/default/files/SF_AB_Town_Square_Menu.pdfi will post up pictures since they are worth a thousand words.Thank you Lauren for a Wonderful Experience!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I really love the Sweet Factory!  They have the yummiest original cocktails sure to satisfy your sweet tooth.  Me and my friend went here for Happy Hour and they have super killer deals.  We had the BBQ Chicken pizza and it was deelish!  Our serer was super sweet (no pun intended) and helpful with helping us choose drinks and food.
3	The service here is a little slow but their happy hour I decent. I really like thief chicken strip appetizer and their club sandwiches! All of their drink specials are yummy! Gotta try at least one! My favorite is the Mai Tai! Presentation is awesome when they serve you the drink.
3	Had the Chinese chicken salad, which was ok.  Also had the ice cream Sunday which was excellent!! Our server Anthony was pretty awesome!
4	Service is excellent here and they do make that a priority. Chinese chicken salad lacks flavor with the dressing and quite bland. I would get a different next time. I would definitely come back here.
5	The service was great! Anthony was our server and he was very attentive and accommodating and customize a dessert order. Service was fast. Got seated right away. The entree was typical American food, but the dessert was delicious. Would come back here for dessert.
5	Went for Thursday girls night and we could not have had any better service! Lauren was awesome and patient even when we couldn't make up our minds! Best server I've had, not just at Sugar Factory, but anywhere. She was happy to being us more things and even play photographer! The drinks were equally as amazing! If you're looking for somewhere to have a great night out, this is definitely for you!
3	I didn't have such a great experience at the Sugar Factory inside the Paris, so when I found out this is where we would be meeting up for a birthday dinner, I was a bit bummed. I hadn't been to this newer location at Town Square though and only had dessert and drinks at the Paris location, so trying actual food from Sugar Factory I had a open mind for. Walking in they have candy and lollipops for sale, but they have price tags on them that are way overpriced. I couldn't ever see spending what they are charging for a sucker that spins. Our server, Manolo was great. He checked on us often and seemed genuine, not pushy trying to get us to order apps, drinks, merchandise, etc. He just was the type of server you wish you always had when eating out. The place was packed inside and even the tables outside the restaurant were filled, but the servers did a great job at taking care of everybody. I ordered a "S'mores Martini" priced at $14 and was a bit disappointed. Sure it looked cute and tasted alright, but it tasted more like candy than anything I would catch a buzz off. My hubby's Reese's drink was much more tasty. Priced also at $14 I had a "Garbage Bowl Salad" for dinner and substituted the vinaigrette that comes on it for ranch dressing. The salad had lettuce, pepperoni, salami, cucumbers, tomato, avocado, mozzarella and provolone. The menu said it also came with croutons, but what a bummer they weren't on the salad! There was enough other stuff so it worked out. The salad was really good. I liked the crisp, fresh lettuce and the amount of ripe delicious avocados they put in it. The bottom was filled with salami and pepperoni as well. I kept eating and eating and still there was salad left! The key with Sugar Factory is to come here when it's HH or with some type of deal/coupon. The drinks and much of the menu is just way too overpriced and coming here and paying full price will more than likely leave not only a dent in your wallet, but will probably leave you feeling like not ever coming back. Currently there is a yelp check-in offer for $15 that gets you $25 (not valid Fridays & Saturdays) and they have a groupon right now for this location where you can pick from a few different deals depending on the size of your party. Sugar Factory also has different deals depending on the day. The HH runs Mon - Fri from 3 pm - 6 pm where you can get BOGO cocktails and half off appetizers, pizzas and burgers. If you are coming here to drink anyway then coming here when it's better priced makes more sense.P.S. The cel reception in here is no good! I had no signal most of my visit and when I did it was just 1 bar. Everyone at my table had this same issue.P.S.S. The music is TOO LOUD! It's hard to have a conversation with people sitting next to you because the music is annoyingly loud.
2	Service was good, but the food just gets worse every time we come here. We used to come for the chicken fingers since they were breaded perfectly, but they changed them. Now they're hardly real chicken, and tasted like rubber. Even our server was joking with us that they are far from what they used to be. Sorry, won't be back.
4	Our very first time to Sugar Factory.  Seen it on the strip during our last visit to Vegas; and it looked very interesting.  When I saw the Groupon offer come through, I snagged it.  However, I thought it was for the one on the strip.  Not so, it was only for the one located in Town Square close to the airport; but in a very nice and very large shopping center.  So large, we could not find it and called to ask where they were and where we should park.  Finally finding them, we opted for outside seating by the misters, nice and cool; but the music was a bit loud and awful in our opinion.  I suppose that is because we are in our fifties and grew up with much different tunes.  The staff were very pleasant, attentive to our needs, apologetic that the misters were leaking on the other side of our table (it was very little and since we both sat on the other side it really was no biggie although they did offer us another table.  Our burger was super tasty, cooked to our liking and on a delicious brioche bun.  Our waiter Manuello was very attentive to our needs and gave us great service.  He even re-opened our ticket after we declined using our entire Groupon amount.  After seeing their yummy chocolates inside, we wanted dessert.  It was kind of a hassle to re-open the ticket; but Manuello did it.  It was very much appreciated.  All in all, our experience was wonderful and would definitely go back when in Vegas.
4	Great food. Cheap happy hour! Food & drinks half off! Had a slight problem with a stranger but the managers were so awesome about it! (:
3	I came here for my 18th birthday with a few friends. They have a happy hour from 2-6 PM Monday-Friday (unfortunately, we came at 7.) I had the grilled chicken sandwich, and the chicken was kind of pink, but it took about 45 minutes to get and I was hungry so I didn't send it back. We also shared a frozen hot chocolate, which had potential, but I was literally chewing on ice the whole time. The service was pretty slow and it's a little pricier than Cheesecake Factory, but not by much. I'll give it another try soon and hope it's better!
1	Went for a birthday celebration. Had been once before and wasn't too excited but I had to give them a chance for the birthday girl. Food was again sub par, we both had to season our pasta, and waitress took forever. Have yet to have a good meal there. We all got goblets, they are just gimmicks barely any alcohol. Pretty place though. Everywhere else in town square was packed, it was Saturday night, this place was half empty. Will not be coming back.
5	The food was good! They were able to make me a custom sandwich which was great! The server was really wonderful! Plus it was happy hour so drinks were half priced!!!
1	The dessert was great...now the rest of the story. We got seated quickly enough and the atmosphere was really good. We quickly noticed how hot it was and were informed that the air wasn't working. It was 109 outside so definitely uncomfortable. We ordered and then waited at least 45 minutes for our desserts to arrive. Yes, we only had dessert! The service was horribly slow only made worse by the sweltering heat! The tables were absolutely filthy! I won't ever go to this location again!
5	I was blown away by the service provided today!!! With three kids asking questions about the amazing candy sold here, Adrienne was soooo nice and answer everyone of them with a smile! My husband was waiting outside and they even offered him water!! Sundays and Shakeys are to die for and the candy high quality!! Way better service than the fancy one on the strip!!
1	I came here for our first time it looks like something fun to go to. I asked  the waitress what she recommended because I heard that their pancakes are really good and she said they were order their original pancakes I was sadly disappointed they were flat and hard I had to use a knife to cut them and they tasted very bland.i wont be back!
5	These drinks are amazing!!!! Holy cow! Sure they're a little expensive, but go during happy hour or buy a deal and call it a day. I went there with a group of people and they were super accommodating. I believe our waiters name was Anthony- I hope that's right- and he was incredible. I can't wait til I'm back in Vegas and I can come revisit. (Also, their food was really good)
3	The service here is great. Everything we've eaten here was very tasty. The goblet drinks are massive and easily split by 2. Hit them up during their amazing happy hour to at least to save on ur drinks.Check in via Yelp and get 50% off drinks...NICE!
5	Max is the man!!!! Best waiter in town hands down!! Had friends from SF and they loved this place best fried breakfast sandwich!! Thanks Max
4	We came with a party of 8 and had a fantastic time. Bottomless minosa's and bloody's are fantastic. Food is great. And max is the best server in town.
5	We had so much fun at the Sugar Factory! Bottomless bloody Mary's and the delicious signature burger were a great start to my Sunday, but our server, Max, was the highlight of the experience! He took excellent care of us and was an absolute doll. Keep him around!
4	Phenomenal drinks.   Seems expensive but they're fun and will definitely put a little kick (or sway) in your step!
5	Drinks are amazing and our server Lauren was really nice to us. Food was delicious, i cant wait to come back to this place and have amazing drinks again!
2	it was my birthday 8/2 and our waiter I think his name was mark or matt he was great. He was very welcoming and knowlegable. But look at our bill, it was only 6 of us there and honestly they are way over priced. I can go to a steakhouse out here in Las Vegas and still our bill wont be this high. Not only  that but after the bill was that high they still wanted to charge us for 1 extra piece of candy. Huh, after we just spent $400 dollars in here, your still going to charge us $1.50 for 1 piece of candy. Even though Matt or mark was excellent, the staff after him and that little incident made it all bad.
2	Hmmm....not for me. But I can see the appeal of this place. The decor is fresh and modern and fun. The location is convenient (Town Square near the movie theatre). And the concept is smart--who doesn't want creative sweets that are both delicious to eat and beautiful to look at?I'm not the audience for this place, so feel free to ignore my review if you are less concerned with the quality of the food than the location, and celebrity-infused image. The first time we went, the service was terrible. We were seated outside and promptly forgotten about. We waited a ridiculous amount of time for our food, we're never checked on to ask for additional condiments, and watched a number of employees walk by and lounge about while we waited for our waitress. We'd brought our neice to enjoy the ambiance (she's 11) and she did. She loved her burger, but what I tased was a solidly average hamburger. We had the pizza burger (neither flavorful or notable), fettuccine Alfredo (same), Mac and cheese pops (no), and chicken caesar crepe (goopy).  We didn't want to make scene because we didn't want to tarnish her experience, but we were so frustrated that we left without ordering the dessert. There was a gentleman who seemed to be a manager milling about in the front, but his presence didn't seem to spur our waitress to provide service. But who goes to this kind of place for savory lunch? No one. So I didn't write a review and kept my generally negative opinion to myself.  We recently returned with my daughter looking for a dessert experience. I can get cake and ice cream anywhere, but we wanted to bathe I'm some decadent delights. To Sugar Factory! The overall experience was much better, but the desserts were not as well made as we'd hoped. Between us we enjoyed a few orders of popcorn shrimp, a s'mores martini, the red velvet cake and a chocolate cake. The shrimp was crispy, tender, and flavorful. So much so, that we ordered another round of them. While there was some miscommunication about the sides for the order (see LEMON STORY below), we were very pleased with the dish.But the desserts were a disappointment. They were fine, just not great. The cakes were on the dry side and lacked distinct flavor. They were both nestled with ice cream and whipped cream that could have been organized with ingredients at home. The s'mores martini was was rich and felt luxe, but was missing the marshmallows promised in the picture. When I asked about my beloved marshmallows, the waiter brought me three mini marshmallows on a saucer. Not a big deal, just not as advertised/pictured. SERVICE: What can I say? The service was MUCH better the second visit, and I appreciate that even though our waiter was busy, he never forgot about us and would pop in to see if we were ok. Our waiter felt like he was reading from a service manual, but that was such a vast improvement over our first experience. Honestly, it felt like they were trying to step up the service with specific talking points and direction. That's a plus in my book.This place was fine. The second experience was better and we received MUCH better service when we ate inside. All in all, the food was mediocre, and were desserts are ok. I know they are popular, but they have the feel of a place who is still ironing out the wrinkles.  I don't plan to return, but with the modern decor and house music gently pumping in the background, I can see why others would.LEMON STORY: I asked for extra lemon with the shrimp (it came with one slice for three of us) and the server asked me if I wanted "one" lemon. Confused, I responded, "Yes." I thought he was going to slice up one whole lemon and bring to to us. I mean, why else would he ask if I wanted "one" lemon when I asked for "extra"?Instead, he returned with ONE extra slice of lemon. That's a total of two lemon slices. We laughed at the incident and then ordered a second round of the shrimp because it was tasty. This time, when I asked for extra lemon, the same server didn't ask how many extra lemon slices I wanted, he just brought one additional slice. Is that a thing now?
5	The Sugar Factory was a wonderful surprise,  whimsical cocktails and excellent food.  We ordered the Chicken Marsala and the Steak Classique.  Both were cooked to perfection and very tasty.  The wait staff is attentive, but not overly so.  The restaurant is decorated like a giant soda fountain, but with booze for the adults.  For a good time with great food and drinks, stop by the Sugar Factory.
1	So I can only give a review on what I saw...right up until I didnt. I'll explain: We were in the Towne Square area and saw this place the night before, but were with friends across the way, but decided to check them out the next day. Searched for them online, and found (like it says here) that they open at 10:30. We promptly arrived at 10:25 and the place was dark. Double checked the website..yep..10:30. Waiting...10:45 a girl arrives and starts her work at the hostess counter. Approached, asked for a table for 3..and were told they dont open till 11. Well nuts. "You guys should fix you're information on your website about your times, people actually use that to look you up"...blank stare...waiting...10:57 they take us in and seat us...inside the place is pretty cool with candies in dispensers making up an entire wall, very modern deco, etc, menus delivered with hostess. Our waiter, Max, promptly appears, asks us if we have ever been there, informs us of the specials and of the drink specials...and then leaves...without asking if we would actually like to have any drinks....smh...whatever...start looking over the menu. Some VERY interesting looking drinks, some interesting food ideas I would like to try....and waiting...only my party and two other parties here now...waiting...11:10 I can see what appears to be the clean cut manager in the suit around late 20's early 30's walking around inspecting this and that making sure everything is ready for the days business, except if his guests are actually being taken care of...no sign of Max for the last 12 minutes...waiting...11:15 we leave. Clearly they dont have their act together, and with the prices they are asking for on their menu, I would assume some semblance of customer service would come with it. Ciao baby.
1	Our waitress forgot our food completely. I waited for an hour and a half before I asked for the check. The staff was out of it and unprofessional. If you're looking for a place for drinks AND food, save yourself the time and go somewhere else.
5	This is a wonderful place to sit back relax have some drinks and have a wonderful time... the customer service is the best in Vegas the food is delicious our server "Ronnie" went outta his way on serving us... I thank you sugar factory we'll be back soon!
5	Lived in Vegas for a year heard a lot about sugar factor so decided to check it out. Well worth the visit!! Food was amazing, our server Max was top notch! He was the best server we have had in months. He's very professional, kind. And let's just say they aren't stingy with there bottomless mimosas! ! We will be coming back!!
5	Bottomless mimosas! The tripical ones are the best. Food was awesome! Drew is the best!
5	The Pizza Burger is AMAZING! They use to have it at the Sugar Factory on the strip but now you can only get it off the strip at their new location....and it's SO worth the trip!! Macks was a fantastic server; very attentive, quick, and friendly! Gia was also a very nice hostess who was a great help! The food and service is wonderful here!
5	I'm so glad I found this place. Our server "Q" was amazing. Not only he was very knowledgable with the menu, he was also very attentive. This place has given me a pure sweet satisfaction. Our foods and drinks were made perfectly. I have acid reflux so I have to becareful with my selection. "Q" was very patient and he took the order perfectly and my crepes came out 100% correctly. Awesome awesome service!!! Beautiful place as well and the wifi came so handy!!One negative thing was it was kinda hot inside. So maybe crank up the Ac a little bit?other than that I will be back A.S.A.PThank you sugar factory and "Q". It was such a pleasant experience.
3	Food: 3Decor: 5Service: 3Price: 2 Tried Sugar Factory for the first time on my boyfriend's birthday. Upon arrival, I asked for a booth.  The hostess said they didn't have any (I spotted 4 open booths and 1 being cleaned). I think she was too lazy to pick up the menus and move them to the booth 5 yards away. But anyways, decor inside was very nice. To start, my boyfriend order a goblet. That was cool, but way too big for us to finish. It's definitely made for like 4 people, unless you're trying to get hammered. Haha. The food was overpriced. VERY overpriced. I don't mind spending $15 on a burger, if it's bigger than a $3 fast food burger, but it wasn't. The portions were TINY for the price. The service was decent, but their WiFi wasn't working, and there was no service inside. Had to walk outside to load the groupon on my phone. Kinda annoying. Overall, if I go back, I'd probably go just for their overpriced, but cool, drinks and maybe an appitizer or something.
5	One of my favorite happy hour places! 1/2 off cocktails, appetizers, and pizzas! Great servers and great food and laid back atmosphere! Only thing is they have a dead zone in the restaurant! But you can bring kids and still get happy hour! Woohoo!
2	It was a fun experience but I doubt I'd return. Our server was great but I really felt the food was totally overpriced. We were a party of eight but I don't think any of the entrees we ordered were worth the price. My nephew ordered the grilled four cheese sandwich and tomato soup, he didn't even finish it...this is a teenage boy that finishes everything.  The salmon was tasty but so small. The place is gimicky and I really prefer a restaurant that focuses on food not gimmicks.
2	Restaraunt is adorable. Loved the ambiance and all of the details. The food however was ok at best. And way overpriced!!
5	The Sugar Factory is beyond amazing. In my last two visits to Las Vegas I walked away with a delicious drink, good food and great service. First off, the fishbowl drinks! Oh my! We had 4 ladies that shared and it was good that I had to get another one! We had the Ocean Blue which is made with Hypnotiq and they throw in those little gummy sharks. The only thing dangerous [too cheesy?] about this drink is that you cannot taste the liquor! The Blow Pop Martini is to die for! A must try! They also special made a drink for me which had peach and watermelon in it! I included a photo because it was seriously amazing! For eats we had:Fried Macaroni and Cheese PopsChicken Fingers Mediterranean Chicken PappardelleChicken Pot PieHonestly, they serve everything here- Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner, Dessert & Drinks  How can you go wrong with this mixture! I also love the location which is right next to Paris Hotel and overlooks the strip. This is a pretty famous spot and it is honestly great to grab a meal or drinks! I would go back to Las Vegas just to visit this spot here! The ambiance is so cool! There are so many other drinks I want to try!
5	This has to have been the one "perfect" experience with dining that my girlfriend and I have had in Las Vegas on this trip. The service was very prompt and professional. Max was very attentive and made sure that all of our food was made properly and that everything tasted well. The food itself was especially good. I myself had the Sugar Factory Eggs Benedict, and everything tasted wonderful. This was my first experience with eggs Benedict and I was not disappointed. The location was well off the strip but was quieter as a result, which I definitely prefer. The restaurant was clean, and the atmosphere was more subtle than most Las Vegas locations.I would most definitely recommend this to anyone looking for good food, and custom candy inspired drinks/dishes.
5	Absolutely amazing!! Another wonderful brunch. Max was out server and he was beyond our expectation (high standards)- and enjoyed our prolonged brunch!
3	We met up here with a few co workers and friends on a Friday night. Although we did not have a reservation, our request for a table was quickly accommodated. Our drink orders were placed and brought out in a timely manner. One of the members of our party ordered the gummy bear goblet. It looked delicious and she enjoyed it -- I could only admire it from afar. The goblets are typically $29, but during their happy hour special it was 50% off. I think the special was a great equalizer because as interesting as it looked, I would not have dropped $29 on it. I did not opt for any sweets this time, but my husband and I decided to share their turkey burger with a side of fries. It looked, and tasted, extremely disappointing. It was a deflated sandwich with some bland turkey, costco buns and mushrooms for $16. It took the two of us 30 minutes to finish it, in between socializing with our party. Had it been great we would have wolfed that thing down in 10 minutes or less. The rest of our party kept ordering drinks and got to take advantage of the great happy hour special that was going on. Our waiter was very attentive and accommodating. He earns most of the stars. The food and regularly priced drinks were extremely over priced. A small bag of candy (and I mean SMALL) was $4.  It does appear to be a  popular spot for birthday celebrations for high schoolers. You'd know someone was celebrating their birthday when 50 cent's In Da Club would start blasting and there would be staff carrying dessert with sparklers to the table. Perhaps the birthday niche is the one that works and they should stick to the desserts and maybe go tapas style vs doing substandard burgers, sandwiches, pizzas, pastas, etc. It is amazing to me how many people loved taking pictures in front of jars of candy. It made for great people watching.
4	Ive been here once before but don't remember it much. The goblets look amazing but didnt get a chance to try. My mini burgers were pretty dry and not good. The bun was hard too. I would stay away. But my other group members got the grilled chicken sandwich which looked good. The fries are salty as all hellllll. JUST THE WAY I LIKE EM :)Service was mediocreHandsome bus boy was the best service in here!
3	Food was ok. Food was prepared as requested . Incorrect cheese used as well and then tried to tell us that it was correct cheese .   Over priced and not impressed .
1	This was a planned event..went with large party..ordered dinner took 45 min to an hour to serve..1 waitor..and many orders with incorrect or missing food..no apologies from manager for late/wrong food orders..never again go there..plus they added their gratuity to your bill automatically..LOOK OUT
5	I love this place! The drinks are awesome & inventive. Very tasty too! And they have lots of vegan options too which is always nice when going out with non-vegan homies! :) Oh! & Scott is the BEST bartender ever. Super talkative and really friendly. Make sure you request him to make your drink!
5	Sugar Factory in Town Square is one of my favorite places to enjoy a nice lunch! I was just there the other day with a group of friends and we had a great time. The service was wonderful and the presentation of the drinks and food was even better!Every time I go to Sugar Factory I get the Fried Macaroni & Cheese Pops as an appetizer. The sauce that's served with it makes it that much better! I also got the 4 Cheese Pizza and it was the best pizza I've ever had, plenty to share with a group of friends.Last, but not least, the drinks! The variety of cocktails they have to offer makes it fun to pick out which drink is the drink for you. When I was there I got the Passion Punch Goblet. It's delicious because it's fruity and sweet at the same time. They have a Happy Hour promotion going on every night for 50% OFF cocktails. Sugar Factory is definitely the perfect place to spend a great afternoon.http://bit.ly/SF-HH-TR
5	Brought a groupon for brunch with unlimited mimosas. Our server was Macks and he has great customer service and really took care of us! The food was great and the mimosas kept coming. The environment was great and clean. They had great music and we really enjoyed our brunch. Will definitely come back!
5	Every time I come to Vegas I visit this location. It is my favorite restaurant because of their awesome deals in happy hour. Their food is also expectacular! I hope to go back soon :)
2	Overhyped. Not a fan.
3	Went in for a early breakfast t opening,  we were seated right away. I  ordered a bacon & swiss omlette. It was a standard well cooked omlette, could have used a little salt/peper. But over all a good well serviced meal. I would go back to try other dishes.
5	Came here with a friend for a drink before a movie!! It was a Sunday night and still kinda busy. We were seated right away so that was nice. Our waiter came over told us specials and gave us a few minutes to look at menu. He stated the drinks were half off. But my friend ordered a Vodka Tonic using Grey Goose and that was not on menu so it was regular price. Almost 15.00 for a 6oz glass!! Ugg. But while there they had two birthdays and they turn up the music in celebration and all workers including the ones in the Kitchen get into the groove of the music!! Fun place.I will return again and try some of the food!!
5	We love this place!  We went to the one at the Paris hotel and it was not a good experience-terrible service and sub par food.  This location is nothing like the other one.  Macks, our server, was incredibly attentive and the service was extremely fast.  The food was amazing-my boyfriend and I split the fried egg sandwich and s'mores crepes.  I also split the berry bliss goblet with my gf and it was fantastic-not too sweet and just strong enough.  Looking forward to coming back soon.
3	I bought a Groupon and didn't realize you couldn't use it on the strips location of this place, and when I arrived to the Sugar Factory on the strip they were complete B**ches about it and told me I don't know how to read directions because it obviously says they don't take these and it's the other location that does. So after spending $30 on a taxi ride over to THIS location, lets just say we weren't so happy with our experience with this company so far. When we arrived to this location the hostess seated us right away, our waiter came over and was friendly. We told him about the Groupon and he said no problem....ONLY problem is he DIDNT check I.D. for drinks and NEVER redeemed our Groupon....Food came out after 20mins of ordering, just for pasta and a burger, and than our milkshake took forever in a day to come. If it wasn't or the fact that of the Groupon, we will NOT come back. Sadly...
5	Everything was so great! I made an account just to brag about how much I loved this place. I've been to the one on the strip and its just got an entirely different feel. I like that it seems more accessible. The salad I ordered was delicious and the cotton candy Cosmo was INCREDIBLE.
3	I came here during the week and it was pretty dead. I was surprised because they have a pretty good happy hour with 50% off drink until close. We just came for drinks and sat at the bar. The bartender was good but a bit of an over sharer. I think he opened with the fact that he was hungover. I got one of the goblets and it was delicious. They are exciting to drink with the dry ice and candy. I probably wouldn't come here regularly but I would definitely bring people when they are in town. I came here with my brother and the bartender ended up giving us his drink free, so that was very nice.
1	This place is terrible. The service is terrible. We got sat outside, ignored for 15 minutes where I had to go up to the host and ask if we had a server. Then this stupid server  comes up and sits down water. Continued to ignore us. The manager came over and said he would take care of us. We ordered 2 drinks, and an appetizer. Everything seemed to be going good, until we went to order our entree. He said the kitchen was closed, but failed to tell us that when we ordered before. Said he would take care of the drinks, and then refused to.this place is terrible. They have horrible service. Do not come here, unless you like being treated like crap and less then human. Do NOT come here!! Go to the one on the strip inside Paris casino.
3	Service was better yesterday then it has been the last few times I've visited. I absolutely love their chicken fingers and club sandwich. Easy and simple lunch!
2	We had a Groupon for Sugar Factory, and took the kids (6 & 8), and a few of their friends. All was Ok. Kids would say "great". Food was fair, drinks and other were definitely sweet, but then it is called the Sugar Factory. We were asked to move tables, after being seated and severed drinks because the area they sat us in was "closed"??? Service in the new are was lack luster, and when the bill came, there were three extra meals and two extra drinks that were from the table next to us. I would recommend for the kids, desert and such, but not really to par for food vs. other area places or that of the same name on the Strip.
2	Food is very good. Have been here a few times and the service is lacking every time. They are very slow and made mistakes throughout our visit. Hopefully they can get it together. Soon!!
4	Just visited Sugar Factory for the 4th time and I am always amazed by how great their food is! This time me and a couple friends shared the Chicken Finger appetizer and Mac & Cheese Pops appetizer. Both were delicious and totally worth the trip there! When we went we used this coupon to get the 2-for-1 appetizers! http://bit.ly/SF2-1TR
1	This store is a sugary disappointment. The only reason it's getting 1 star is the good is actually pretty good. The service is worse than the most piss poor restaurant I've ever been to in my life. Just gawd awful. The first time I went there w 2 friends. Place was dead.. Took 1:05 to get my appetizer and the manager came over after walking by our table 10 times and smiling like a jackass. He then offered to comp part of our bill for the fact we hadn't yet received our order. That's the only reason we gave it a second chance. Went back again yesterday. Service was worse than the first time. Disappointing for such a cool themed restaurant and decent food.
1	HORRIBLE!!!! and that doesn't even begin to explain it.  We went for my son's birthday.  Great host, very personable, no complaints yet.  We ordered a signature drink (virgin) and then we placed our food orders.  The place was not busy.  Over 20 minutes later.....finally came out with the signature drink.  Not really sure why it took that long.  Than after waiting over 45 minutes our food FINALLY came out.  And, of course, it wasn't even close to right.... my son's patty melt... well they ran out of rye bread.  Really?!?  My parents both ordered a tuna melt hold the bread and a side of salad.  Apparently, this was more than what the new cook in the kitchen could handle.  He served ice cold tuna on a bed of lettuce.  I had the turkey and brie sandwich.  I ended up deconstructing it because there was so much seasoned mustard on it I wanted to gag.  Also, brie was ice cold.  Hubby's sandwich was an actual tuna melt.  But it was served, again, ice cold and on rye (so did he get the last two sliced in the restaurant? or did the cook just have no bleeping idea what a patty melt was).  Some of our plates came with fries.  How hard is it to screw up french fries.  Well, the new cook figured it out.  They were obviously initially frozen (not fresh), completely under cooked, served ice cold, and not seasoned at ALL. Next we were informed that since it was my son's birthday, he would receive a free ice cream sundae.  Okay.  I honestly think they must have been milking the cows to make this.  Again....long wait.  It was painful to just sit there at this point.  So, I thought I would run to the ladies room.  YUCKY doesn't even start.  Instead of using their facilities, I instead while filling up with gas used the one at the 7-11 down the street.  Sadly, much better.
1	Left in tears. For my 21st birthday I had reserved my reservation two weeks ago. Our table was ignored, the service was slow... Then the hostess told another server I never had a reservation?!? That's funny because SHE CALLED ME TO CONFIRM AND I CALLED TWO WEEKS AGO!!! And as I watched other tables receiving more attention and getting fire works and ice cream sundaes I was completely forgotten. There was only two other tables and mine in the whole establishment! No one came to check on us. The manager gave me a gift bag with a few things and just said sorry... :( so upset.
1	Came in last night for my gfs 21st birthday. We had dinner at yard house and the plan was to have drinks and dessert here after.... We should have just stayed at YH. My Gf had a reservation all set up, they even called to confirm with her a few days ago. When we all arrived they took us to a table and we heard one of the hostesses telling the server "they didn't even have a reservation" it's not like we needed one, there were maybe two tables in there that were occupied, and for good reason...I've dinned at the sugar factory on the strip before so I was very surprised at the horrible service we received at this location. The server never told us their name and the GM refused us his card. Our table was being completely ignored. I've been in the restraunt Industry for 13 years now and how we were being treated was completely uncalled for. I told the server a few times to bring out my gfs birthday dessert because another table got there's but nothing. It never happened. It really put a damper on the night. There are so many places in Vegas especially to celebrate your 21st and we chose here... But we will never make that mistake again. I would be much happier paying full price for the other location or somewhere else entirely.
5	They have such amazing service. Very time we come with have an amazing waiter. The manager is very friendly. The food is so amazing it speaks for itself. My husband always gets the French toast and it comes with this amazing dark chocolate sauce. It is to die for. I got the fried egg sandwich with home fries. It is amazing as well. We also like to come during happy hour and get the pizza to go with our goblets. I love this place. Definitely recommend to anyone looking for good food anytime of day. They are also great for parties and groups. We try to come as often as we can.
5	Amazing mimosa brunch! Service was spectacular and the food was great! Max is the best server for this awesome experience!
2	Said I wouldn't go back and I should have listened to my own advice.  Once again service slow, food not what i ordered and the meal definitely not worth the money.  Great concept but the food on the menu looks way better than what you actually receive.  I am definitely never going back!
1	Went to Town Square location.  Food was adequate...drinks only slightly watered down.  Used a Groupon and what a waste...drinks are outrageously priced!  $22 for a double rum and coke..off the strip at a place that does groupons?  Holy wallet pillaging!  NEVER again will I go here....you've been warned.
1	It's all about the staff, second disappointment and we didn't even eat there. I thought this one would be different but I was wrong. No more sugar factory for me.
5	I went to the sugar factory with my boyfriend the other day and it was an amazing experience!!! I would highly recommend this definitely to my friends and family ! I came one time and I'm hooked now !I had the chicken parm and it was like one of the best that I've ever had. chef Chris and chef Alejandro are the best ! I will only go in now when they are there !Please try this place and better yet this location and make sure Chris is there !!!
3	The food gets 5 stars, the prices get 2, so I'm settling on a 3. I had never been to The Sugar Factory before, and needed to get a bite to eat before attending the wine walk in the Town Square last night. We ordered a cocktail each ($12) and two appetizers. We got the Fried Macaroni & Cheese Pops ($10) and the bruschetta ($8).The cocktails were on point for sure, and absolutely delicious, served in a stemless wineglass. The Root Beer Float tasted precisely like a rootbeer float! The Fried Macaroni & Cheese Pops were delicious, the order came with three individual 'pops' that were about two inches around, a great size - with a manara dipping sauce. The crust was crisp and the inside was the best macaroni and cheese you could ask for, warm and gooey - amazing. The bruschetta arrived with 4 individual pieces on top of a balsamic drizzle. It was yummy. Where you can normally grab two appetizers to tide you over for a bit, we left still hungry after $50. This place although delicious, has a ridiculous price point for what you receive portion-wise. A special occasion will bring me back, but nothing short of that.
5	This place is awesome.  I don't try new places but I found a gem in The Sugar Factory.  Chef Chris and Chef Alejandro really did a great job on my food.  I'm highly critical of food expecially pasta because it's so easy to make.  These guys outdid themselves.  I'll be back soon for food and of course drinks.  Thanks guys!
5	Love this place. They have some of the best exotic drinks in the city! The music was great service was awesome. Jus a overall great environment. Will be coming back :)
2	We went to Town Square to see Fury and wanted to try a new place to eat. The Sugar Factory had half off burgers and appetizers. I ordered the blue cheese burger, my boyfriend had a pizza burger, and we shared the fried mac and cheese balls. My blue cheese burger was soggy, tasted like plastic (maybe from blue cheese?) and the bun tasted stale to me. It was okay, but I have had so much better. I tried a bite of my boyfriend's pizza burger and I felt so sorry for him. It was disgusting. :( He isn't as picky as me. I gave him the rest of my burger and finished off the mac and cheese balls.  Meh.
1	Terrible service! Terrible food! I'd give less than one star if that was possible. Not sure how this place is still open.
2	I wanted a crepe to go and the cook told me that he can do but it would not be as good because it would be cold.Well, I get what he is saying, but I wouldn't think of saying that to a customer. I would think the quality of the food would still be good regardless if it was hot or cold.Blah
1	Horrible service, hot chocolate was delivered 10 minutes after the rest of our order, and tasted terrible. Avoid this place.
1	What a nightmare. First time visit for our party of 5. Was surprised their dinner menu was one sheet of paper fresh off their printer and was very underwhelming. We ordered drinks and everyone got theirs right away except me. My drink came after we were served dinner.  I asked if there were any dinner specials and  Matt our waiter described the New York steak dinner that came with baked potato and salad. He then said it really was potato skins and lettuce to fill the plate. That sounded okay to me if he could make the salad cesar . When my plate was served it was a steak and green beans with 4 grilled shrimp. That was not what I wanted and  gave him the plate back. I hate green beans and never order shrimp grilled.  He offered to leave the plate and take it off the bill and get me something else. I asked him to bring me a small Cesar salad. I was brought a mixed green salad. I asked the waiter what type of salad it was and he tried to correct what he said and called it a Cesar salad when I told him that is what I ordered. At that point my steak was getting cold and I didn't want to argue with the waiter. So I ate my mixed green salad with tomatoes and cucumbers and no romaine lettuce.  We later ordered a mudslide desert after Matt the waiter described all the ingredients including my daughters favorite coffee ice cream. He then came back to the table and said they were out of coffee ice cream. I also found it strange that the drink menu has absolutely no prices and we were then told its happy hour so drinks are 1/2 off.  By the way he didn't take my plate off the bill. They didn't however charge me for the mixed green salad that I didn't order.
1	Every time I go to town square my son and I and his father usually eat here. After our experience yesterday we won't be eating here again. We were feeling a little hungry and it was around 330/4 so we decided to grab a late lunch/early dinner. We walked up to the hostess and we were seated promptly as the restaurant was pretty empty. We were greeted right away by our waiter who asked what we'd like to drink. I ordered my son the hot chocolate and his father got a beer. I'm not a big drinker but every time I'm at sugar factory I always get a mojito because they're so good, so I order my usual raspberry mojito. We also ordered a side of the Mac and cheese pops. About 5 mins after we place our drink order the drinks arrive. My sons hot chocolate looks and tastes great and his dad is happy with his speciality beer. Mine however was another story. Instead of my regular mojito I always get he'd brought me a huge goblet. Why he'd think I'd want one of those when I was there with my 3 year old is beyond me. Common sense dude. He made a display of pouring it and I made the remark, " Jeez, every other time I've been here it's always normal sized. This drink is huge, I meant a regular mojito. " he didn't say anything just walked away. When he came back with our Mac and cheese pops we placed out food order, I ordered the club with no mayo or avocado. I got my son the chicken fingers and his dad got the Spagetti and meatballs. After about a 15 min wait our food was at the table. Both of theirs was great, mine however was not correct as it had both the mayo and avocado on it. Wtf?! I sent it back and they brought me another one a few short mins after. It was right this time but I was already annoyed about the upselling on the huge get drunk off your ass drink and that despite me telling them no mayo and avocado they gave it to me anyway. I took a few bites and was done. The one star isn't because their food is bad. It's because of their, not your way, it's our way attitude. The bill came and was like 100 bucks. Big surprise that a 5th of it was because of the huge mojito that I took like 3 sips of. When the waiter came back I asked him what happened to the regular size mojitos and he said they still had them and when I ordered a mojito he just assumed that I wanted the big one. Um bullshit. He also said when he brought it out and I made my remark he realized I meant a normal one but yet he didn't offer to take it back and bring me a normal one so I call bullshit again. It's seriously common sense. Why would I want a drink that big when my 3 year old is with me? I wouldn't even want that drink if I went out with friends because getting sloshed isn't really my thing.  I'm almost 30 not in college anymore dude. Needless to say we won't be back to this location. Maybe the one on the strip. But definately not the one at Town Square.
1	Had a tremendously horrible experience at this sugar factory. My friend and I went here at 4 pm on a Sat we had two goblets She had lollipop passion and I had an ocean blue goblet we both ordered Fettuccini Alfredo so we get our drinks and everything is fine until I look down and see a freaking dead fly in my goblet I almost threw up in my mouth I tried not to make a big scene there was a little family sitting next to us to be having a good time but Lord oh Lord I couldn't believe my eyes I couldn't believe there was a dead fly in my drink! So when the server came I told him in a nicely manner he apologized and he called his supervisor over and he said, "are you sure it's a fly?" Like seriously so I took it out my drink with the silverware and put it on the table and said, "What does it look like to you."  He was very nonchalant about the situation. I explained to him how I hate complaining when I go out I normally wouldn't complain but this was just unacceptable. At this point I lost my appetite my friends goblet was fine she finished eating we paid and left. The manager offered to give me a discount on my goblet I said no thanks I was disgusted with the customer service and the dead fly. We will not be back.
1	We went to Sugar Factory for a  mother/daughter breakfast... It was the worst breakfast ever in my life! The staff is very rude with clients, very unprofessional. We had a table next to a noisy place (workers were working above us with dangerous apparels). I asked three times to change my table with a new one. The place was empty. The waitress was very impolite and not very helpful, very stupid! She has to change her job. I had to stand up and ask to the manager to solve the issue. Same reaction, stupid people who look at me as they didn't meet a client ever. They didn't try for a minute to understand me. I was very frustrated and at least very angry! I didn't want to continue but I was forced to stay in the restaurant! We waited 20 minutes for the new table and the breakfast was cold. Conclusion: RUDE PEOPLE, TOO high prices for no special food, DON'T GO THERE and KEEP YOUR MONEY for something else!
1	Worst service,  food was cold, took forever  for the food. Beer tasted old. Would  not recommend this place.
1	I went to the Sugar Factory located at Town Square and it was the worst experience I have ever had. I went there for my birthday and  we had a group of 16 people, which is understandably a lot for 1 waiter, however, our waiter took our orders at 8:30 and our food did not get there until 10:30pm and our waiter was very rude and even raised his voice at my party when they were ordering. After speaking with the manager we were properly compensated for the inconvenience, but I had a large number of plans for my birthday and the wait was absolutely unacceptable we had to rush eating so we could make our reservation at Blue Martini. I have never been treated like that before and I do not believe I will be going back.
2	I've been here 3 times & I can't believe this place is still open. It's always empty & the food is horrible. The service was better than the last time but it doesn't make up for the terrible food. Husband and I had dinner at bonefish grill so we decided to have dessert here. We ordered the classic sundae. The ice cream scoops were huge but it wasn't any special ice cream, it was store bought commercial. The toppings were barely drizzled on & I didn't even realize there were sprinkles because there barely was any. I'm done coming here & I won't be surprised if they close anytime soon.
4	The drinks were amazing and so was our waiter Ronnie! Te food and things took quite a while to come out even though it wasn't busy and the staff seemed a bit confused on who ordered what at times but none of that really made our experience any less wonderful. Their half price happy hour was nice as it was and they took the yelp coupon  for 50% of that which I figured they wouldn't do. Overall awesome experience.
1	Went for dinner tonight. Will be last time ICome here. Food took forever to be served.Steak was warm, potatoes cold. Just about done with dinner when my napkin fell on floor...went to reach for it and saw a roach crawling on it. Beyond disgusted. Have never encountered that in any restaurant before. Needless to say not coming back.
1	It bothers me to have to say this about the Sugar Factory, the one located inside the Paris Casino is one of my favorite restaurants in town. The one at Town Square is consistently bad, but they serve breakfast later so I gave them another shot. An hour wait after being seated with minimal check in by the waitress. The food was nothing like what we ordered and the eggs were overlooked. The waitress seemed overwhelmed by the four tables she had. The Meatball Spot that was there prior didn't do well either.  I won't likely be back.
2	So I checked in a the wrong one, I visited the one at Town Square.  When we got there at 5:30ish on a Monday night is was empty, only 2 tables besides ours.  There was only ONE server for the entire place.  She was nice and came over pretty quick and took our drink orders.  She also explained the specials but we were there for a drink and dessert.She took our order the fondue and it came pretty quick.  It started going down hill from there.The manager seemed nice but lacks leadership and team building abilities.  I have never seen so many people walk around and do NOTHING to help each other out.  Oh there is ONE thing everybody does and when it comes to celebrating your birthday, everyone from the manager on down participates and then they go back to ignoring the customers.A few more tables came in and our server had to attend to them.  She spent a good solid 5 minutes with one and during that time NO ONE including the manager came over and asked if we needed anything or checked our drinks nothing.  Two employees walked past our table and clearly saw our drinks were empty and we were just sitting there and never said a word.When our server was finished with the new table I grabbed her as she passed us without looking at us and asked for a black regular coffee.  It took almost 15 minutes to get that coffee, REALLY??Then the Bartendar disappeared and our server became the Bartendar and we were left alone.  Then I watched the manager go behind the bar and spend a good 5 minutes just chatting with our server instead of helping her with her tables.We finally got our bill and left.  Team work does not exist in this place and it starts from the manager on down but if you have a birthday to celebrate, the manager will be very quick to grab the computer that controls the music and will blast the birthday song and be focused enough to watch to see when the singing is done so she can turn the song off and turn the volume down, the she goes back to just walking around and not paying attention to tables.It's sad because they all have great potential, someone just needs to train everyone to be a team instead of individuals.    Needless to say we will not be back as the value for what you got along with the lack of service & attention to customers is not a high priority.  Better food, cheaper prices with a teamwork attitude is available in too many other places.  We did not order enough stuff for it to take 2 hours.
2	I was in Vegas visiting my family for Thanksgiving weekend and we decided to visit this place for some goodies. I was extremely disappointed though... I usually go on Yelp to give good reviews, but I need to post this so that maybe the manager can take action. As we arrived, we were greeted by the server & got a table pretty fast, must have been because it was kind of empty. Then after that, it just kept getting worse! It was our first time here, so we asked the waiter what he recommended to which he didn't know what to reply & on top of that didn't offer the daily specials. We finally ordered & got the wrong item, we ordered BBQ wings and instead got hot wings. We told the waiter and he said he would correct the error, but he never came back instead ignored the issue. We also ordered the lollipop goblet and he didn't bother to make the experience cool. He also didn't come check on us to see if everything was okay. Especially after knowing our order was incorrect. We still tipped the 18% although the waiter was horrible and didn't deserve it. This location needs to work on their customer service or change their staff. I should not have gone after their 3 star review, but I decided to give it a chance. But it definitely lived up to it. I hope the one on the strip is not as bad as this one. I gave this place 2 stars only because the interior was pretty nice.
5	Love it!!! I'm so happy I came I love the decor it's so pretty and te music awesome classic music the food and drinks are good! I just wish my chicken tenders came with fries. The fondue is bomb! It had gummy bears, bananas, strawberries, brownies,lemon pound cake and marshmallows
1	We went here for my birthday this year and I had the worst service ever. It took more than a half hour after we ordered to get our food while I was informed that my food was still being made. I ordered clam chowder and a personal pizza and never received my meal. The waiter was trying his best but it did not make up for the cold food that my family received or the fact that I never received my food. The beer was watered down as well which ended up with my food, my father's food, as well as the beers being taken off the bill. As I said before the waiter really tried his best and because he felt bad he created a goodie bag for me for my birthday and as an apology. All in all I will never go here again and I really don't recommend this place for people who are looking to dine in. (I would give this place zero stars but am unable to do so)
2	So we came for dessert very disappointed we got the fondue for two it was $20 you get a little bowl of chocolate 7 little sides the brownies were hard like they were sitting out all day the marshmallows were also hard the red velvet was under cooked.  We did mention it to the server (matt) and he was very nice about it the manager also came over and offered other sides but we were full from dinner.  They did give us 50% off  which was nice and respectful but unfortunately the dessert was just a  disappointing.
2	The first time I went here it was for my sisters birthday. The inside of the restaurant looks really cool and I loved the decorations. We got seated at a table directly in front of the doors that go into the kitchen. Waiters and hosts came in and out so often that it was a huge distraction. It happened so frequently that it almost seemed like their were way too many people working on a pretty slow afternoon. We both ordered drinks, which were pretty good, but our food wasn't that special. It was good, but I was expecting something a little more unique from this restaurant. As we were leaving, at least four hosts and their manager was standing in front of the door and didn't even notice that we were trying to leave. I said "excuse me" and the hosts move like it was my own problem. Sorry I'm just trying to exit? The second time I'm came here was just to get drinks (hoping the service would be better on a saturday night at their bar area). Sadly I was disappointed, again. The drinks were great, but the bar tender was awfully rude. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone other than for the drinks. But even the drinks weren't good enough to make me put up with the bad service.
1	This is ridiculous, the place is empty and I can't get a table to eat desert, I need to order at least appetizers.I was honest to say I want I have a desert, hosted was unbelievable rude.
2	We decided to come here to grab a quick bite before catching a movie on one of the date nights with the hubby. MEH is definitely how I would describe this place. Everything we've tried was mediocre at best. I ordered a turkey sandwich with brie cheese. It lacked the creaminess and nutty flavor the brie should've provided and the French baguette it was in was hard and obviously stale. The husband got the buffalo chicken sandwich which left much to be desired. The dessert was another disappointment, strawberry cheesecake overload which tasted very generic. The prices I feel were too steep for the quality they offered. The only redeeming factor I would say was the cocktail, although towards the last few sips it became overwhelmingly sweet. I'm hoping we'll have better luck with the brunch offerings as I still have a certificate we have yet to redeem. Not in  a big rush though.
3	I've been to Sugar Factory twice now and I think that if you're coming here for breakfast, go for something sweet and not savory. Sugar Factory does much better with their drinks and sweet dishes for breakfast.The first time I came here, it was around breakfast time. I have been wanting to try this place out for awhile and had some free time to do so. I ordered an omelette with vegetables in it as well as some Nutella chocolate chip pancakes because I wanted to be healthy and also have pancakes. The waitress serving me didn't pay much attention to me which was a little meh since she spent far more time focusing on the tables next to me.When I got my food, it came separately and the guy who brought it out seemed confused. My omelette plate looked a little messy. I tasted it and it was just okay. Actually, less than okay because for that price, I expected taste. The pancake was far tastier.The second time I came here, I came with my sister for another breakfast occasion. This time I ordered smores crepes and a cotton candy Cosmo while she ordered her own crepes and a shake. The Cosmo tasted just like cotton candy and it was so delicious to drink. I noticed the cotton candy on one end of the straw, but I never noticed the gummy bear at the bottom of the straw until towards the very end. I told my sister that "That's the drunkest gummy bear ever." The crepes were so good that I ate that bad boy right up.The service was much better the second time around and I'm glad I went with a sweet breakfast dish. The next time I come here, I'll stick to their sweet breakfast dishes, drinks, and I definitely want to try their desserts. I'm not that interested in trying out their burgers when I can get burgers anywhere else and for cheaper.
1	Watch out for the gnats....Sugar Factory you let me down for the LAST time.  When I go to a restaurant with $24 food items, I expect to dine without gnats flying around me.  Yuck!  I used to love the Sugar Factory at Paris, then they took away the secret dining room in the back with the fondue tables, and so I stopped going to that location, plus I hate the strip.  I was sooooo excited when they opened the location at Town Square.  I figured I would be there all of the time. The first few times there were good/  I even remember a visit that was great!  But the last two or three times have been gross.  I went with my cousin from out of town and her friends, the food was a half step above McDonalds, but I did not want to complain to her.  Tonight when I went, I was terribly disappointed.  The menu consisted of page after page of drinks, and then more pages of desserts and there was an afterthought food menu of a one sided 5.5" x 8.5" sheet of paper (laminated of course).  The crepes that I loved are gone, the breakfast foods are gone, left were regular bar foods, salads, and over-priced entrees.  The meal started off fine, my friend and I were seated at 6p (Wednesday night) and were one of two tables in the place.  We got a booth, were talking for quite some time and then realized when we finally looked at the menu that the food was only that half sheet of, (well can you call that food? I guess) food.  We ordered salads because we really wanted crepes (our usual).  And I ordered a personal pizza.  I have no idea how long it took the salads to come out, because we were talking so much, but when they did, the greens were not completely fresh, but they were not completely wilted.  As we were eating that, I smelled something that smelled like burned bread.  I jokingly told my friend that I hoped it was not my pizza, and after the burn smell, my pizza took a while to come out... so I suspect it was the pizza.   The gnats gathered on the table while we were eating the salads, and we were swatting them away while we ate.  GROSS.  Then my pizza came out. I ended up pulling it closer so I could reach to swat the gnats away easier.  The conversation consisted of us talking, swatting and saying, "Oh, there is another one!"I finally got fed up and told the guy in the pink shirt, what ever his name was that there were gnats at the table and could he get rid of them?  Instead of offering us a different table, he oh so kindly pointed couple out and swatted at them too.  SERIOUSLY.  I asked for a box so I did not have to focus so hard on swatting the gnats away from my food.  The waitress came and I told her about the gants and she said, "Oh"  and put my boxes in the bag.  While we were paying the bill, I saw several gnats land on the bag.  I could not get out of there fast enough.   I will NEVER be back.  If they offered me a free meal, I would not be back.  Maybe if they gave me pre-packaged candy, I would take it to go, but I would worry about whether or not gnats landed on any of the stuff out in the open.
1	This is a review of the Sugar Factory Kiosk inside of the Fashion Show Mall. Not sure why Yelp is showing the wrong address. Anyways, horrible service. Got thirsty while shopping and saw that they had a juice bar. All the options seemed light and refreshing, though I think it's a bit overpriced at $5 for 24 ounces of sugary water infused with bits and pieces of fruit and herbs. Got a pineapple mint juice after trying a sample. While my mom is paying, the lady fills up the cup and I see that she has stuffed a huge clump of ice inside the cup. The ice literally fills up three quarters of the cup. I ask her right there and then to not give me so much ice but she ignores my request and says it's supposed to be like that. She tops off with a little bit of juice, caps it and tries to stick a straw in. The straw will not go in because cup is packed with so much ice. We complain once again and every one at that kiosk from the cashier to the manger keeps repeating there is supposed to be ice in this. Well dull, I'm not complaining about the fact there is ice, I have issue with how MUCH ice there is. As to be expected, the drink after all the ice started melting was totally diluted with hardly any taste left. These people have no shame and no sense of customer service. After searching for this business on yelp, I realize it's part of a franchise. Will definitely make sure to stay away in the future.
