4	Odd timing and pacing and incorrect orders served made for an awkward dining experience at the latest spot by Elizabeth Blau and Kim Canteenwalla. Their staff, however, was well trained in the congeniality department, as their friendly demeanor tried to overcome service issues.A half rack of ribs was as tender and smokey as expected, brushed with a sweet and tangy BBQ sauce. The bacon cheddar biscuit was amazing, trumping any childhood memories of devouring cheddar biscuits from that chain seafood restaurant I won't bother naming. I'm a fan of the mac and cheese, mainly because pork makes everything better. The black mission figs was a refined dish of nuanced flavors that almost seems out of place among all the comfort food. Chicken wings are available in different flavors. The buffalo wings were too subtle and didn't pack enough heat. The crab cake was somewhat underwhelming, mainly because of my irrational east coast bias and the lack of jumbo lump meat, which I prefer.This place will only get better once they find their footing. Pricing may turn off some, but their location in Tivoli Village is to blame as I'm sure rent isn't cheap. 3.5 Stars
4	Seven Yelpers and two Yelpers-in-training, AKA small children with good taste, arrived at 11:30am on the Saturday after Made LV opened its doors for business. Basically the first ones there, the empty restaurant eventually filled up as we made our way through much of the menu together.  Because we shared, it was a good way to taste a bit of each dish.We had:  Cheesy Garlic Toast, Bacon Cheddar Biscuits, Pimento Cheese, Smokey Bleu Cheese Fondue, Black Mission Figs, Bacon & Eggs, Baked Artichokes, Breakfast Poutine, Dirty Mac N Cheese, Chopped Chicken Liver, Butcher Style Chicken Wings,  and all three of the desserts, Bag of Donut Holes, Banana Pudding, and the Loaded S'mores Nachos.  14 dishes, with 2 orders of each one, came to $231 and change.Highlights for me:I loved the biscuits--the honey salt butter accompanying them is wonderful.  I must get my own order next time because I only had a small piece since we were sharing.I am also a fan of the pimento cheese, something I haven't had since I was a little girl in the Dark Ages.  This is a generous serving, literally a jar of pimento, so when you run out of crackers and pretzel chips, just ask the friendly servers for more.   I ate a lot of this! The mac n cheese with burnt pork ends is a good version that I'd have again, as well as the figs with goat cheese, pistachio, and pomegranate seeds.  Of the three desserts, I liked the donuts the best, but that's only because I'm not a big fan of the other two desserts offered, in general.  And, the donuts are served up warm with cinnamon sugar, my favorite; I'd love them even more with chocolate sauce instead of the berry one that they came with!Service was excellent from start to finish and Chef Kim Canteenwalla made it a point to visit our table more than once, as well as the other diners in the restaurant.Open Wed-Sun, 11:30am - 11:00pmMonday and Tuesday, 4:00pm-11:00pmHappy Hour,  4:00pm-6:00pm, Monday through Friday.Welcome to Tivoli Village, MadeLV; I think you'll be making more fans along the way.
5	Great lunch spot!!!! Everything from the appetizers (the Wings and Cheesy Garlic Bread) to our entrees was fantastic. I had the Eggplant Sandwich with House Chips and my husband had the Double Stack Burger.  All of it was absolutely fantastic.  The most difficult thing about lunch was picking what to eat because everything on the menu looked absolutely scrumptious! I can't wait to go back and try the S'mores Nachos! The staff was quick and friendly and the place is really cool looking without giving the impression of 'trying too hard'. They even had some arcade video games in the back (including Asteroids -to my husband's delight!). We will definitely be returning!
4	Items Selected:Cheesy Garlic Toast -  Four cheesesBacon Cheddar Biscuits -  Honey salt butterCountry House Pate -  Pickles, fruit mostarda, grilled breadPimento Cheese -  Saltines, pretzel chips, breakfast radishesSmokey Bleu Cheese Fondue -  Thick cut salt & pepper chipsBlack Mission Figs -  Balsamic roasted & fresh, goat cheese, pistachios, pomegranate, arugula Baked Artichokes - Freekeh Stuffing, Parmesan, Lemon, Herbs, GarlicBacon & Eggs -  Thick cut bacon, deviled egg, red onion jam, grilled multigrainBreakfast Poutine -  Two eggs, fries, turkey gravy, curdsDirty Mac and Cheese -  Burnt pork ends, four cheese, peas, Ritz Cracker crustButcher Style Chicken Wings -  Hot smoked, flash fried, BBQBag of Donut Holes -  Cinnamon sugar dustedBanana Pudding -  Nilla wafers, whipped cream, salted caramelLoaded S'Mores Nachos -  Graham crackers, torched marshmallows, toasted walnuts, Oreo cookie crumbs, chocolate sauce, fluff creamThe newest addition to Tivoli Village, MADE LV fills the seemingly cursed spot formerly inhabited by Bradley Ogden's Hops & Harvest and featuring the culinary talents of Kim Canteenwalla it was to a wide sampling of the restaurant's nouveau-American menu that I sat down with eight friends on Saturday afternoon, the results a resounding success as fourteen plates delivered in five courses arrived to nearly universal praise.  Offering a relaxed environment with touchtunes playing at a modest levels beneath a bistronomic tin-style ceiling as the Little League World Series showed on a pair of LCDs it was at a large banquette that our party was sat and with the open atrium bathed in sunlight our meal began quickly, the service spot-on throughout our two hour stay with several visits from the Chef himself assuring all was well.   Speaking next to the quality of the food it can only be said that while perhaps 'simple' by some standards the execution of nearly every dish of the afternoon was nothing short of exemplary and with much of our order trending towards the menu's heavier offerings it was perhaps unsurprising that flavors presented with aplomb, the cheddar biscuits a full-frontal savory assault finding levity in the creamy house blended butter while both the pimento cheese and rich fondue arrived in plethoric portions with extra chips and crackers offered compliments of the house.  Moving next to things more complicated the very few faults of the meal were found in early-season figs that had not yet found maximum sweetness and fries that trended slightly less crisp than savory toppings would afford but with deviled eggs set aside crisp bacon soon followed by reference standard mac n' cheese plus juicy wings rife with smoke beneath intensely crisp skin one would be hard pressed to complain - a trio of All-American sweets every bit on par with the savories finally rounding out a meal that more that lived up to the restaurant's promise of "good food, good drinks, and good company" from beginning to end.
5	Stopped by Made last night for a drink and ended up spending 2+ hours there! We started off with the deviled eggs and baked artichokes, then moved onto a massive (and impressive) cheese board, then rounded out the evening with a bag of donut holes and banana pudding. Like I said, this was supposed to be a 'we have 30 mins to kill lets grab a glass of wine' but ended up being such a nice evening and meal. The ambiance of this new restaurant is so great. Dark enough to be relaxing but not to where you can't see the menus. The staff was incredibly friendly, attentive, and fast. I can't wait to go back and try pretty much everything else on the menu, and snack on more of those donut holes!
5	We were here for lunch last weekend and the food and service were both excellent! It's been a long time since we've received such great service. We had the pulled pork sandwich with sweet potato fries and fish & chips. Both dishes were great but I think the pulled pork was our favorite. We will definitely be back again soon.
5	I had a great experience dining here tonight in celebration of a friend's birthday. They were very accommodating with our larger party, and the service was great...the chef even came by to greet us during the meal!All the food was delicious- our group shared. My favorites were the Dirty Mac n Cheese and Banana Pudding! Wow! I was so excited to try the Poutine...it was delicious, but I'm going to have it with bacon next time...oooh, I can taste that goodness now! Great location as well...in the Tivoli Village shopping center. Environment inside had a cool modern rustic vibe, and I even spotted a couple vintage arcade machines in the back. Cool!
4	Nice new restaurant in Tivoli. Excellent service, food, and atmosphere. The room is a bit noisy but bearable. We had crab cake, oysters, fish & chips, and smores nachos. All were very tasty and served very creatively. Service was very good. Some decent cocktails on the menu, decent wine list, and an okay draft beer list. Nothing special but decent. Worth a visit.
4	Great food and prices. Our waiter, Travis, was friendly and knowledgable. Sort of slow, but still worth it.
5	So delicious. I had the Burger, which was one of the best I have ever had. We also ordered the Salmon, which was delicious and perfectly cooked. For Appetizers we had the wings- wont be re ordering those. The Dirty mac was life changing, SO YUMMY. Chunks of Pork in the Mac and Cheese, absolutely delicious. The Steamed clams w the chorizo sausage was Epic as well.Great Vibe, great food and great service. I will definitely be back,
4	I will definitely be coming back! Not only was the food delicious, but the service was absolutely incredible, which is a huge deal in making a meal out an enjoyable dining experience. Our waiter was friendly and helpful with drink descriptions, menu selections and clearing our dirty plates with new clean plates throughout our appetizer selections. Our water glasses were always filled and he was prompt without being over bearing. A true example for other restaurants I have visited recently that did not meet the standards MADE LV has. We ordered the salt and vinegar wings, the Siracha wings, the black mission figs, the double-stack burger meister, free-range turkey breast sandwich, bbq pulled pork and of course the banana pudding and loaded s'more nachos along with a few drinks. Everything was delicious, but our personal favorites were the salt and vinegar wings, the figs, the burger and the banana pudding. I highly recommend the banana pudding! We were a table of four and should have ordered that many instead of just one! Great service, great food and a fun atmosphere receive 5 stars from me!
4	Ok, so she's not new to the restaurant game! So I'll bang out the negative part of this review. It's loud. I mean REAL LOUD! There were 3 of us & we had to practically YELL in order to hear one another. The challenge? The high vaulted ceilings lined with tin/aluminum tiles that resonates the loudness even MORE! One more minor negative. The service. They are on top of it like their SUPER a game! They're SO on top of it that they barely allow you to finish a plate before they come by to pick up your dishes. Just slow you roll, and let us enjoy our meal and our time there.Ok, enough with that, cause I got some GOOD stuff to say! The food? AWESOME!! The clams were YUMMINESS!!! The toasted bread was so good! We ordered every single small plate item plus the mac n cheese and those clams PLUS the s'mores nachos! Let me tell you, not once were we disappointed! Everything was AMAZING and SUPER yummy!!! You need to go before it gets too crazy to get in!!
5	On vacation in Vegas at the moment and happened to be in the area visiting friends. Found this place on Yelp and enjoyed it that much I had to write a review. The food was absolutely delightful and the service from our experienced waiter Travis was brilliant. I had the KC Ribs and dirty mac. Just wow. Talk about smashing the ball out of the park! Ribs and cheese will never taste the same again for me. The general atmosphere was great, not snobby, just well balanced and casual. Here for another few weeks so i won't be missing up on a chance to go back for seconds. Thanks to all at Made LV.
3	The food was delicious and menu was very creative. Service was great. But it's SOOOO NOISY.  There's not a thing inside the restaurant to absorb any noise. Very loud and in my opinion, the wrong music choice altogether for dinner.
4	I got the Long Island ice tea and it was on tap. I was skeptical, but it was very good! We tried the bacon cheddar biscuits which were tasty. It was a fun, brightly lit bar. I will definitely need to return and try dinner.
2	i kinda like honey salt so I was interested in experiencing the new venture.  I think i get what they are trying to do but the place has a severe identity crisis.  the menu isn't small but it feels like it. the beer menu flat out sucks.  another huge turn off is that the "happy hour menu" is only available at the bar or if you are sitting in "high chairs".  seriously? food wise, no surprise, it's pretty good.  we started with a jar of pimento cheese.  the taste was good but it was too creamy for me with no discernible visual evidence of pimentos.  the vegi accoutrements were pretty sad and a biscuit would have been a nice touch.  I had the hot dog for dinner.  it was really good but at $9.75 I would have expected more effort put into the fries that came with the dog.  they were pretty blah.  the donuts in a bag looked interesting for dessert but because I had applauded honey salt in my yelp review for resisting the 2005 rage, I passed on dessert.
4	Patio seating is very nice & relaxing, although the center fire pit isn't roomy enough for long legs like mine. Dirty mac n cheese was rich & creamy, the peas were a good addition. Cocktails were unique & interesting, Bernie Lomax was my choice & didn't disappoint. When the burger came out, the smell was powerfully meaty and literally mouth-watering. It was juicy, with a perfect medium pink center in both patties, and yummy melty cheese. Turkey sandwich was solid, but paled in comparison to that burger. I'm still mentally drooling over it. Brook trout had a crispy seasoned skin that I ate all of. S'mores nachos were decadently delicious. When I arrived and when I left, (Thursday 9/11) there was a weird fishy smell inside that made me glad I was sitting outside. Minus 1 star for that.
3	Located in Trivoli Village, it's a charming development perfect for date night or a dinner out with the family. Made LV has gotten a lot of publicity lately so we decided to try it out.  When we arrived we were told 15 minutes to get a table inside, 5 if we wanted outside, we picked wait 15 for inside. We told the hostess we'll grab a drink at the bar. Luckily, there was 2 seats together, we ordered a Bloody Mary for him which he found quite tasty and I had a vodka-club with muddled raspberries and a squeeze of lime, a simple concoction the bartender and I came up with since they didn't have any flavored vodkas. $17.00, normal for 2 cocktails. 15 minutes goes by, another 2 cocktails, $18.00, whaaaaaa? Okay.  30 more minutes goes by, where's our table? My husband asks the hostess about our table, she reassures him it's almost ready. 10 more minutes, I'm wasting away... Fortunately, I have muddled raspberries to chew on so I don't expire... Sitting and waiting an hour plus for our 15 minute table has given me to time to eye the decor which is very nice. Subway tiles line a counter and back wall area that has large chalkboards displaying different beers available. The tables are a dark wood with black metal chairs, a nice blend of farmhouse meets modern. What looks like reclaimed wooden planks line another large wall. The interior design and decor reminds me of something in Portland, Philadelphia or San Francisco, a nice change in scenery. Finally, the hostess comes over to us and says our outside table is ready. Huh? I say we'd requested inside. Oh. She wanders away in a half confused, half annoyed state. She returns 5 minutes later and gets us a table inside. Our waiter attends to us pretty quickly, a friendly guy. He gets us waters and asks with apps we'd like to try. Husband orders the buffalo butcher-style wings and also we place our dinner order. I get the BBQ chicken with steak fries substituted for mac n cheese, and Hubby gets the clams with red potatoes, corn on the cob and chicken chorizo in beer broth. The apps arrive with dinner, but I famished so I won't complain. The wings were okay, nothing spectacular, they seemed a bit wet and flavorless. Presentation on the metal plates was a nice touch though. BBQ chicken was pretty tasty, the sauce was delicious. Hubby ate all his plate, but said it wasn't as good as he'd hoped for.  We'd planned to get the s'mores nachos, but decided to walk around and get dessert somewhere else. All in all, ambiance was a hit, service (getting a table and apps separate from dinner) not so great (the waiter was a nice guy), price average ($63 for 2 people, minus cocktails). Not sure we'll return, looking forward to trying a couple other places getting a lot of talk right now.
4	Can I just say SUPER yummy food. We tasted the nachos, artichoke, dirty mac, chicken bbq, and s'mores nachos. Our server was SUPER engaging. Service was excellent, once it slowed a bit. It was a little shaky at first waiting awhile for our drinks. Agree with other reviews - SUPER noisy. The room in the back is disconnected to the rest of the restaurant, and my preference is always to be in the mix. So seating bummed me a bit, but I'll come back with a smaller group to enjoy delicious menu. Price points were very palatable.
4	In the famous tone of Lil' John: "What...?". No, really, What?  I can't hear you from across the table.! Holy cow, I have been to UFC fights quieter than this place. Like Whitney Huston making sweet love to a jet engine, this place is shockingly loud.  That aside, the food is astonishingly good. The burger is excellent, the humus is quite tasty, and the Mac n' Cheese is satisfying.  There are plenty of well cared about details present in the dishes.  Things like each fry having the proper amount of seasoning, the burger toppings are fresh and appealing, and the Mac n' Cheese being hot, but not like molten lava where you have to stare at it for a half hour before digging in.  Aside from noise level which would even make Hellen Keller uncomfortable, the food is spot on. The service was good, with an attentive staff.  Bring an appetite, but not a first date, unless of course they've already gotten on your nerves to the point that some downtime from talking would be welcome. S
4	We were excited to try this new spot in Tivoli Sq. The food was SO GOOD!!There were so many interesting things on the menu, we could not decide so we just ordered a bunch of stuff and family styled everything. Let me tell you, that is the way to go!Food....The chicken wings were so moist and fresh! (not not frozen!), the eggs and bacon - Deviled eggs and pork bell - So good! Fig Salad- OMG YUM. You get the point. The food ROCKS!Our service was excellent! The decor is very sexy, eclectic and rustic in a cool way. My ONLY complaint is it was SO CRAZY LOUD! The interior is wood floor, glass and a tin ceiling. All noise bouncing materials! When it was really busy, we were yelling across the table. With that said, would that stop me from going back? NO, the food is so fantastic, I will deal with a loud room, or maybe request the back area that seemed a little bit quieter.
4	Our first visit here.   Cool fun vibe...smaller than I expected though.  Service was attentive and friendly.We shared the roasted figs with goat cheese.  I could eat that all day.  Nom nom nom!Next we shared the double burger.  Very tasty and juicy meat.  We opted to leave it just the meat and cheese. It didn't need anything else.   Great bun too! Topped off the meal with the homemade donuts. The fresh berry dipping sauce made the dessert.  Raspberry BlackBerry reduced in fresh squeezed orange juice.  Very nice!We'll be back!
5	First time at made, our food came out in a timely fashion and was hot.We had the wagyu skirt steak- cooked perfect, stuffed artichoke was great no one does them like that, oysters super fresh. Service was good, our waiter was made some nice suggestions. The decor was fun, love the video games , music selection rocked! We will be back....
3	3.5 stars...but the system won't allow for the half star.It is a nice space...our server was friendly and very attentive. The food was average to better than average, but nothing that wowed us..We had the figs which were tasty....split a hamburger which didn't seem to be consistent with the name..it wasn't massive..the fries were skinny fries and I prefer steak fries..For dessert we had the donut holes...the dipping sauce was very good...without it the donut holes were just average.We will come back and try other things..watch some sports and such.
4	We went to Tivoli for dinner and stumbled upon this place. Petty sweet spot with lots of TV's to view some sports events.  Started off with a couple drinks. I had the Bernie Lomax it was great. We didn't order any entrees we just ate the small bite plates. Had the figs there were just amazing. Tried the Loaded Mac and cheese which was to die for.  Also had there version of bacon and eggs which was another great dish. We had great service and great fresh food. Definitely will be going back.
3	Not bad.  Not great.  The interior is a little cold, but service was prompt and friendly.  I had the cheese biscuits which were good, and the burger.  The meat patty was very juicy and flavorful, but I didn't love the combo with the steak sauce and couldn't really taste the cheese.  The fries were very good.The s'mores nachos were rather awful.  A mouthful of dry ingredients; graham cracker and oreo crumbs with a bit of marshmallow and almost no detectable chocolate.  I could see the chocolate shavings here and there, but it wasn't enough with regards to all of those graham crackers.
4	Fall weather calls for fabulous patio work lunches.We arrived before the lunch rush and were seated out on the patio. They have a lot of great options, so we decided to share a number of items and we couldn't resist dessert.We had the baked artichoke, mussels, corn and shrimp fritters, extra garlic bread to sop up all the rest of the juice from the mussels and we topped off our delicious lunch with freshly made doughnuts with raspberry dipping sauce.Everything was great and I look forward to coming back to try the rest of their menu. I highly recommend the mussels and baked artichoke. Service was great and refills were plentiful. I haven't been to Tivoli very often, but with places like Made LV, I'm willing to explore Tovoli a little more often.
3	The owners of Honey Salt & now Made LV have what it takes to be successful, staple local restaurateurs... & I'm not even one of their fanatics. I dig the decor & energy of Made LV but hate the entrance/host area. Our waiter (Dave?) was one of the best waiters I've ever had- personable without overstepping & had personality. As weird as it is to criticize this, I did not like their glasses! Too short, too wide, too heavy... requires more refills, which was the one place where our service was lacking. Plus, the only straw that fits is a cocktail straw. Talking to others, prior to going to Made LV, & once we reviewed the menu ourselves, we agreed that it's a bit disappointing that there isn't more of a traditional bar/comfort food menu (with or without their spin on the items). We found it challenging to decide what to eat & wound up getting the same thing: pulled pork sandwich with sweet potato fries. The sandwich was a good size- bigger than a slider, smaller than a burger- & plump with the pulled pork. The bun was also able to withstand the sauce of the filling but still soft. The pork was cooked well with a nice balance of flavor & a kick. The sandwich came with homestyle sweet pickles- after the sweetness of the sweet potato fries & the pork, the pickles were too much. A dill would have been a better offset. The fries were very good & cooked perfectly. Being a fan of Honey Salt's desserts, I wish I'd had room in my belly to try MLV's mini donuts or s'mores nachos. Fast forward a couple hours... I glanced around & noticed the place had pretty much cleared out so I said "it's probably almost time to close, we should probably get outta here." A random employee was walking by & overheard then told us not to worry & to stay & enjoy ourselves. We only stayed a tad longer then headed out... outside, we looked at the time & the restaurant had indeed already closed. The fact that there was no hinting by staff to get the heck out speaks volumes about their service. It's the kind of service that'll take me back to a place with terrible glasses & limited menu options, any day, over a place with multiple appealing items & lackluster service.
3	The food- 4.5 starsThe ambiance- 3.5 starsThe service- 2 starsService was definitely what took this down to a 3 star review. Things started off so well, too! Made is in a great location in Tivoli Village in Summerlin. When we arrived, we realized that I'd made the reservation (for a large party, at that) for Saturday instead of Sunday. EEEK!!! However, we must have arrived at just the right time, because they were able to seat us right away. Score!Once we were seated, we promptly got water, and the server took our drink orders. And then we waited. And waited. The server finally came back around after we beckoned him to take our orders. In his defense (for this), he thought we were waiting on one other person, but I think he should have asked instead of just letting us sit there.The restaurant is very rustic-chic, and they have a really fun and interesting menu, including their cocktail menu. The only issue is the volume of the music. LOUD! It was really hard to carry on a conversation over it. The musical selections were fine- it was just the volume was too loud. I think that someone must have complained, because they did turn it down a bit right at the end of our meal.The food, however, was great! We started with the cheese and bacon biscuits, which were served with salted honey butter. YUM! If you like Red Lobster's cheddar biscuits, these blow them completely out of the water! I had the poutine with ham ($9.95 +$2 extra for ham), and it was delicious. I did feel as though I needed ketchup, though. The rest of our party also enjoyed their meal- the hot dog & fries (the hot dog is served on Texas toast, yum!), the BBQ sandwich with sweet potato fries, and the ham selection. Prices ranged from around $10- $30.I noticed that no one checked on us to see if the food was okay, but our water and iced tea was refilled constantly. After we finished eating, although our plates were removed promptly, it took a very long time for us to receive our bill, and an even longer time for our server to take the money. It was a very noticeable delay- we flagged our server down several times, but he still didn't come over to us. I'm not sure if he was just overworked, and short staffed, but it became pretty frustrating. All in all, the food was good enough for me to return, and I hope that they work out the bugs in service soon!
3	After the walk a thon to benefit the Goodie Too Shoes, we met up with friends at Made LV to discuss the Aspen trip and to try the food here.  After reading through many rave reviews, we were expecting great bites here.Earl and I shared the biscuits and the putin.  Biscuits were delicious with the honey salted butter.  Putin on the other hand, was mediocre.  It could use more turkey gravy to give it more flavor.  More cheese curd would not hurt since it is what is giving it some salt.For now, it's A-OK.  We will have to visit again and try other items.
4	What an interesting menu...so fun to order a lot of smaller plates and try different things. Our server, Siera was FABULOUS! It was my husband's birthday as well as another gentleman's in our party, she made the evening so special. She is so personable and took my shellfish allergy serisously (not everyone does...she said all the right things and checked back many times to ensure all was looked after while being prepared...that means so much!) The burger was amaaaaazing! We will be back and will ask for Siera!
4	First off, as we walked thru the door we were greeted by an extremely nice guy. Could have been the manager? It's a bar atmosphere, maybe not somewhere to take your first date, gents. We figured we'd try all the appetizers/small plates so we can try a little of everything. We ended up getting the dirty Mac and cheese which seems to be a popular item, as it should because it's far beyond your your standard Kraft Mac and cheese. Then we had the bacon and eggs. The thick cut bacon was to die for. The deviled eggs were so so, probably could have made them at home just as good. We then had the baked artichoke and I mean really, can you ever go wrong with baked artichoke? We topped everything off with the loaded s'mores nachos which was even more amazing than the real deal s'mores by the campfire. All in all, I will be returning. This is definitely a comfort food type of place.
4	Fun atmosphere with fun food.  Great crafted cocktails and classy beer selection.  We had fun playing the classic board games and cards. It felt like a catered house party.
5	Maddy is the best!!! Stop in an enjoy the best bar service ever!! Locals stop by and enjoy!!
4	The beginning of our visit was pretty rough, but it ended well due to staff and management really stepping things up.I read fantastic reviews about their burger, and after coming off a long work weekend in LA I just wanted to eat and enjoy. We ordered appetizers to start:-Dirty Mac & Cheese-Smoked Onion DipThe onion dip was tasty but the dirty mac & cheese seemed almost like a dip itself. The consistency was really runny...and then we realized, there weren't any macaroni noodles in it. At all. So we asked the waitress if there were supposed to be noodles in the mac & cheese, she took one look and declared, "that does not look right at all!" She took it and told us she would put in an order for a new one. In the meantime we decided to put in our entree orders and sadly, they were out of the burger :( I was so sad because I was craving a burger, but since we were seated and had just ordered appetizers (with a new mac & cheese on the way) we felt invested to stay.We ordered the smoked trout and the pulled bbq pork sandwich. By this point, I was tired and grumpy (and sorely disappointing that my burger craving wasn't going to be satisfied) but the food was delicious and the correct mac & cheese tasted great.Staff was very apologetic and not only did they take the mac & cheese off our bill, but also sent us out complimentary donuts at the end of the meal. Thanks for making best efforts to please us :)
3	Ummmmm....let me say "I expected more!"   The decor is really nice, casual, attention to detail with a great feel & in better weather the smaller outside patio could be a nice choice for cocktails. even tho we live in Henderson it's a really good location @ Tivoli Village with ez parking, valet IF you want~    The menu is casual fare, which is fine~ lots of sandwiches pastrami, burgers & pulled pork (which was a little to spicy for my tastes, and the bun was pretty blah) served with sweet potato fries cooked to perfection. My husband has ribs which he loves and he found these OK, totally fine but hardly an A as reviewed in the newspaper.    Large drink selection with beer, cocktails & wine. The cocktails as I recall were $10, which seem high to me....I did have a glass of Ravenswood which was also $10 for what appeared to be a 5oz pour, maybe????    All in All, I prefer Honey Salt which I have been to Atleast 10x's and have NEVER been disappointed food wise!!! Each location has great decor so try Made LV (like their logo, By the way!)  and I feel confident Honey Salt will lure you back, before a return to Made LV.    Sorry, I just expected more~ the food is OK, totally editable. Just wonder who they know @ the newspaper for such a "glowing" review.....
4	The lunch menu has a variety of choices, appetizers, salads, sandwiches and entrees plus desserts. It was a beautiful day to enjoy the west patio which has a bounty of shade umbrellas. A small disappointment was no figs on the menu because they are out of season. Our server was friendly and helpful. Her assistant brought the water promptly after being seated. However he never returned to ask if we wanted a refill.The BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich was tender and juicy. It was run down your hand juicy. The sandwich was piled high with BBQ and topped with coleslaw and 3 pickles on top of the toasted bun. This was great tasting BBQ with not much smoke. A visit to the wash room for hand washing was required at conclusion. The sandwich includes a container of sweet potato fries that was more than I could consume. However the fries were delicious. A container of mustard aioli is nice for dipping the fries and even sladdered on the sandwich bun.The Nueske Hot Dog was not up to the Gold Standard (Windy City Dog). It was beer steamed, covered with sauerkraut and grain mustard. The Hot Dog comes with regular fries that were tender,  tasty and grease free.Made LV  menu has many choices and I look forward to returning for more.
4	Pulled Pork BBQ sandwich is delicious! Service was a bit slow at lunch but staff was friendly and quality was there. I'd like to go back for dinner and try a few different things. I love that they put the kids menu's inside books for the kids to read.
5	Love love love this down home place. It's hard to find a place where 'people know your name' in Vegas. Micah is amazing. Get the deviled eggs.
5	This is the second time coming here, and I love it! Last time I had indulged in the warm, sweet donut holes. This time, I had the Tivoli Market Salad. The portion was filling as an entree, and was pretty good! My friend had the salmon salad, which she loved. The star of the show was the banana pudding. I will probably have that every time! The service is super friendly. The atmosphere is definitely a notch above a sports bar. The setting is hip, even though there is football in every direction. Definitely a chill place to hang out with friends, or a casual date. Glad it's in Tivoli!
3	I'm no food snob, but I do enjoy dining experiences.  After a night in Tivoli Village, we decided on this restaurant.  Yelp listed it as "Hot and New".  We definitely wanted to see what was good about this place.  We ordered a bunch of dishes, to share, and we left wanting a little more.  Not in terms of being full, but in terms of being blown away by what we ate.   THE POSITIVES:-Great drink selection!-The dirty mac and cheese was wonderful.-The nachos were delicious.-The service and wait staff were attentive, cool and the manager delivered a re-fire on our clams.  THE NEGATIVES:- I ordered the steamed clams and the first order was way too salty.  The salty broth overpowered everything.  I also had a lot of grit between my teeth from those clams.  I'm not sure if they washed the clams, but it was a lot of sand.  I asked the waitress if she could get me a new order and she did.  The manager brought us the new dish and, yes, it was less salty, but the grit was still there.  At that point, I didn't feel like waiting and I didn't want to seem like that a**hole that is never satisfied.  It's a shame because i really wanted to enjoy that dish.THE OKAYS:-The artichoke was okay.-The smoked onion dip was okay.-The BBQ chicken wings were not great.-The cheese fondue was okay.  I didn't mind the truffle oil, but my friend wasn't too crazy about it.  OVERALL:I should've gotten a burger or something more of a main course.  I can't say that this restaurant will be on my rotation of "go to" places to dine, but I'll probably give it another chance sometime down the road.
3	My friends and I were super excited to try this place because its by the Honey Salt owners. I arrived a little before my friends and was greeted by a very nice server (can't remember his name.) Right away he took my drink order so I had something to do while I waited for my friends. We were seated outside which was a nice vibe. My biggest complaint with this place was the food. We started off with the nachos. Then for our entrees my friend and I both ordered the BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich and our other friend ordered  Chinese Chicken Salad.The nachos were okay, they weren't anything that left me wanting to go back for. My friend and I both took our buns off the sandwich (we probably shouldn't be eating bread anyways, haha) because the bread was too dry to eat. Our other friend, who got the salad, sifted through her salad for the chicken and her Chinest CHICKEN Salad was chickenless. She asked the waiter and he brought her chicken out on a plate to put into the salad...no biggie. However, she didn't make a dent in the salad because the lettuce didn't seem fresh. I would love to come back and try other things and hopefully our experience will be better. I absolutley LOVE Tivoli so I can't wait to come back to Made LV and update this review with 5 stars...until then...."A-OK."
4	Major yum. But a little history...   I went with my friend C to Made LV with some trepidations. C had been to the sister restaurant Honey Salt and said the food was amazing but the service was lacking. We went to Made LV with some concern that the service would be lacking.   Well, we needn't be so concerned. The staff was warm and friendly and our server was a bright young man with a generous smile. He made sure we were happy with everything. And were we!   Both of us had had huge lunches so we weren't super hungry so we decided to go with apps and a salad. We ordered the smoked onion dip, the mac and cheese with pork ends and the truffled queso dip with a Caesar salad. The smoked onion dip was really lovely with a creamy base and the onion didn't slap me in the face which is nice. The truffled cheese dip was warm, silky and made me close my eyes to savor it. Both came with house made chips which were super yummy. The mac and cheese is just amazing with cheddary accents and a punch of smokiness. The peas lend sweetness and the pork bits give it some heft and tang. The Caesar salad was amazing. It wasn't overwhelming with any particular flavor which is a problem with Caesar salad dressings. The croutons are light, crunchy and amazing. They were really good with the salad but even better with the truffled cheese dip. A possibly switch out that would be great.   If you're off at Tivoli shopping, do check out Made LV.
3	Sandwiches served in a great atmosphere.I should just hit "post" now.There is energy here - at least on Saturday night. Tons of people, some dressed better than others, having drinks and munching down food that could, to the untrained eye/palate, be called "gastropub-like." To such a person I would say, "you should visit a real gastropub."The atmosphere is as great as the food is mediocre. When you see things like "eggplant pastrami - $10," you set the bar high. "This must be really interesting!" you may think to yourself. Well, I'm about to break your heart.- Black mission figs. You will get two (2) small figs, sliced in half, with a bit of goat cheese and arugula. These two figs and a spoon of goat cheese will run you $9.50. I'm just going to let that sink in.- Eggplant "pastrami." So, you can have beef pastrami and you can have turkey pastrami - so I thought hey, those spices can go on eggplant, right? MadeLV would say otherwise. They would say, "no pastrami spices for you, Ardie Y.!" I'm not saying this sandwich was bad, but I expected these spices rubbed all over my eggplant. Let that sentence sink in. But seriously, $10 and no pastrami flavor? I'd be one disappointed vegetarian if I swung that way.- Shaved free range turkey breast. I didn't actually eat this but I was told it was a turkey sandwich by definition. That's fine. But it better be an epic turkey sandwich for $14.- Bag of donut holes. I ordered this for the name alone. These are somewhat fluffy donut holes served with a bit of dipping sauce. Nothing revolutionary. Just sugary fried bread for your nightly sweet/savory contrast.Both sandwiches were served with chips in a bag. I'm assuming they were house-made. They were fine. Service was nearly non-existent. I'm not sure about drink pricing but I'd probably come back for the atmosphere but nothing more.
4	Food was amazing. Love that they have different card games and board games available for families while we are at the table. They need to make a lot more non pork options available. Otherwise the food was fantastic.
3	Went here with my large family so we tried a lot.  The menu looks amazing, but we must have not ordered the right items, because they were not great.The star for me was the smoked onion dip app.  We practically licked the jar out.I had the bahn mi, and that just wasn't great.  We ordered the pate, chicken wings, pulled pork, and dirty Mac n cheese and all were just OK.I want to go back, because their menu has so many items that look good, but hope to have a better experience next time.
3	Feels like new restaurants are constantly popping up at Tivoli...but just not staying. I'm leery about forming any kind of attachment to this place...but non the less here is the review...Really liked the decor of the place. It had a hip rustic feel to it. I noticed behind the hostess area there was a shelf filled with board games. If you want to play you can ask the host to pass you a board game. Very cute idea...but I don't know how functional this would be. The tables didn't seem like they were large enough to accommodate playing and eating. But VERY cute idea. They also had a couple of arcade games in the back. The menu. Where to start with the menu?? Visually it's really cute. It's on a massive wooden piece and has the feel of a clipboard. But the layout of the menu is awkward along with the names of the food and description. At a glance nothing is familiar. I ordered several things with my party and split it all. We ordered a Caesar salad, chicken wings, and the fish and chips. Salad was decent, wings were okay, and the fish and chips were okay as well. Nothing really memorable. After we were finished with the wings, our server placed hot water and two "tablets" on the table. We poured the water on the tablets and the tablets expanded into napkins. Very cute. Overall, I loved the decor. The food was meh. But I feel like this place has a lot of potential. Will I return? I'd give it a couple of more shots before its on my never-to-return-list.
5	This is one of the best new additions to the Las Vegas restaurant scene. This restaurant is off the strip and located in summerlin. Upon walking into the restaurant we were greeted by the friendly waitress. My he menu has an assortment of comfort food appetizers, tasty sandwiches, and dessert. The best appetizer was the truffle cheese potato chip dip. The creamy cheese sauce with slight hint of truffle was mouthwatering delicious. Another must have appetizer is the bacon and eggs. A nice thick slab of bacon along with some nicely cooked eggs.  For my main dish, I got the banh mi sandwich. It was so satisfying with thick pate and nicely cooked pork. We were blown away by the desserts: s'mores nachos and banana bread pudding. You must get both of theseA: simple yet addictive!! Yes the Las Vegas strip has a slew of amazing restaurants however there are some gems off the strip here. Come here now and often!
5	I would go to any restaurant Kim and Elizabeth have any part in.  I fell hard for Honey Salt and now Made is up there as a favorite.  I have brought many friends and no one has a single complaint about anything.  The happy hour menu is fabulous.  Their happy hour burger's only competition in the area is Flemming's and to me that says a TON!!!  Love the strong island tea and the s'mores nachos rock!
3	If i could give half stars, would be a 3.5.Great service. Food, ok, nothing wow.The dirty mac & cheese was tasty, but could have used a little more burnt ends. The pulled pork sandwich was good, the ribs, could have used some more time in the smoker: add some more smokiness and get a bit more tender. The hot donut holes were a nice finish.
3	Comfort food that is at least as tasty as it is fattening. Sorry to kill the mass agreement amongst you other Yelpers that the Dirty Mac n Cheese is the best thing since cinnamon swirl bread, but I thought it was good, not great. The Smoked Ham Hock Nachos were pretty close to phenomenal. My dad ordered the WAGYU Skirt Steak which he found to be outstanding. We also ordered the Donut Holes with raspberry dipping sauce- again, not bad but not great. They should rethink the seating. We sat at one of the large booths before the hosting station so we were pretty much sitting in the lobby. It's kind of uncomfortable to have parties consistently shuffling by. Micah was a wonderful server!
4	Made reservations for the latter part of lunch time and was greeted by Jeff, who was also our server. He was very VERY attentive but not intrusive. He was there when we needed him and allowed us time to hang out and catch up. We were there to celebrate my girlfriend's birthday and he made the experience wonderful. His attentiveness and thoughtfulness even made the paying for the check easy and uneventful, no fighting for the check!We started with a couple of appetizers: Dirty Mac and Cheese and the hummus, both were awesome. The kids order burgers off their very creative book menus to keep the kiddos occupied and we ordered the half chicken and calms. Everyone walked away full and definitely planning on our next visit to MadeLV. Another incentive for me is that they have Steigl Grapefruit beer, one of my favorites.  We loved the Christmas ambiance, Jeff was amazing, and the food was great. American tavern with a twist, definitely a great addition to Tivoli.
4	Made LV is a bit traditional, modern interpretation of American cuisine.We ordered those usual suspects and a little twist.- Black mission figs- Dirty mac and cheese- Smoked KC style BBQ ribsBlack mission figs scored the 4-star flag for us. Its delicate presentation was impressive. The BBQ ribs were done just right, the fries were done just right, the slaw was done just right. The portion of the mac and cheese was perfect.Tivoli Village is becoming really competitive with all those great restaurants. It's great for diners for sure...
4	Here's what you need to know: Dirty Mac n Cheese - small plate but deceivingly hearty - and tasty - burnt pork ends and Ritz cracker crust?! Can't go wrong! The PBR, shot of Jameson and pickle juice chaser - surprisingly good. If you think about it, it really works. The old license plate wall decor is a bit tired and overused these days, but overall the place was nice and service was good.
5	You have to have the Salt and Vinegar Wings!!! They are my appetizer at my last dinner!
2	WOOOOOOOW.   sometimes the smallest problems are made waaay bigger by AWFUL service.  love the place and the food was ... yea ok... but the place was quarter full... tons of empty tables and man we had to get up and ask for stuff from anybody we could find.   not going to review the food because at least for us... if the service isn't there... we'll pass.   Hope you all have better luck.
3	So this was a few months back...Made LV has a great vibe feels like a good place to meet friends for drinks and grab a bite. Their are tvs and video games, a large bar area and a patio. The only draw back is the restrooms: they seem like forgotten somehow in overly kitschy feel of this place. The walls in there are just plain hideous. Please keep them clean! Other than that the atmosphere is great and I love the open kitchen. So, I really came here for the pimento cheese and the article in desert companion told me so...I am a southern and I love my pimento cheese in all it's forms from my own homemade version to more elevated versions. Now, it was good but there is no need to pour a bunch of olive oil on top of it. It seems like a Vegas thing to do like olive oil elevates homemade dishes to something gourmet. I myself love great olive oil on its own and pimento cheese as well and never the twain shall mix. The mayo has plenty of fat and oil and on top of it was too much. Also, the ground pepper from hell overwhelms the sharpness of the cheese. Yes, I did tell the waiter to give my two sense to the people in the kitchen. I pray they listened. Oh It looks like it's not on the menu anymore...shame. I had the Bahn Mi sandwich which was rather unremarkable. I would suggest pushing the limits. It was tasty but not like "oh man that's the best Bahn Mi" style sandwich ever. It was rather uncreative. And it looks like its not on the menu either....perhaps there is a learning curve. Hooray! Though I love both my Bahn mi and pimento cheese....maybe it will make a comeback better than before. The potential for awesomeness is definitely here. But this place is definitely a cool place to eat.The chips were great, hot and served immediately. Yum! I am not gonna sell this one down the river yet. I want to go have a few drinks with friends and try it again soon.  Give it a try there seemed to be some interesting drinks on the menu as well as some great jar food offerings. I like that the menu evolves..
