4	As someone who has never been to a spa, you're going to have to take this review with a grain of [bath] salt:I came to check out the newly-opened Aria with the bff, and on our excursion, we came upon The Spa. My bestie convinced me that the countless hours of stress from grad school had taken a toll on us, and  we deserved to to treat ourselves for our girl's weekend in Vegas.The staff at the front desk was very accommodating; it was around 2:40 and we asked to be scheduled in as soon as possible or else we would not have time to use their services. The lady at the desk suddenly found an opening in the schedule for 3pm. =)My esthetician did a wonderful job, I had a quick 25 minute facial which included face, neck, and hand massage. Not only did she get my skin to feel like a baby's bottom, but she forever changed my life by curing my life-long battle with being the most ticklish person on earth. From what I know about spas, all the main fare you'd find at a quality establishment were here; cozy robes, lockers, showers, gym, steam room, sauna, therapy pool, beverages and fresh fruit, etc. What sets this place apart are two co-ed meditation rooms, great for couples who don't want to spend their spa day in separate men's and women's facilities. One room is lined with illuminated bricks of salt, and you lay on a vibrating bed and put on headphones to drown out all other outside noise. The other is the ganbanyoku room--unique, heated stone beds where you can lay and meditate. And by meditate, I mean fall asleep, because that's exactly what I did. There was one negative nancy patron at the spa who kept complaining to the staff about little details that weren't to her liking. Her bad vibes and sense of entitlement were cramping my style, but the staff was very empathetic to her ranting. Kudos to them because if I had my way, I would have kicked her out for jolting me out of my meditative, salt-infused, cleansed state of being.I'll check out other establishments in the future to compare, but if you're looking for great customer service, innovative spa facilities, and much needed relaxation, this is your spot.
2	After going to basically every spa on the strip I was really excited about Aria opening it doors and seeing how the new spa was. The entrance is very nice and it is relatively easy to find compared to other casino's. My biggest grip was how impersonal and industrial the spa felt. Yes it was very big but it really doesn't go well with the rest of Aria. There were so many attendants going around and bringing people through for tours it felt pretty uncomfortable trying to relax. Not as expensive as places like encore or Venetian but not really cheap like places off the strip either.
2	First of all, I decided to have a massage on my last day of a hectic business trip because hubby raved about the best 25-minute massage he had ever had here at The Spa at ARIA.  Unfortunately, the masseuse he had was not working the day I went in and mine, although professional enough, did not listen to my requests (a common theme at this resort) to focus on my back and shoulders and to increase the pressure.  This just left me more frustrated and knotted up than beforehand.Getting to the spa is a bit confusing; the lack of signs is also a common theme at this resort.  Stepping out of the "spa" elevator, you find yourself in a relatively dark hall, with the women's side on the left and the men's on the right.  The doors have no handle; you wave your hand in front of a sensor -- that is, if you can read the tiny little instructions in the dark.  Once inside the spa itself, I also spent time walking around in circles looking for certain areas.  The funny thing is the large green, un-spa-like exit signs are everywhere, but you have to figure out where everything is on your own.  There is a relaxation room in the women's side (I'm not sure about the men's side), but you have to go out and into the co-ed waiting room to get picked up for your service.  This waiting room was filled with uncomfortable square couches which did not allow for any relaxing position whatsoever.  It was also open to traffic on three sides, so you could see and hear people walking around and talking or pushing carts of towels around.  Very non-relaxing.The women-only relaxation room was also the same room that you walk into from the elevator, and the noise and conversation of people checking in or out did not belong here.Two special rooms, the salt room and the one with the heated stone beds, are accessed just outside of the co-ed waiting room.  Again, signs are practically non-existent.  These rooms were unique, and I would have enjoyed them more if each bed or recliner were more private.  The co-ed pool had a partially nice view of some distant mountains framed by buildings and a large neon sign of the Elvis show.  It is basically an extra-large, rectangular jacuzzi; supposedly 33 persons max can fit in it, but just 4 of us was making me wanting more space already.The standard spa facilities included a nice steam room, sauna, cold plunge pool and jacuzzis for women- and men-only, and fruit, water and tea.  The robes were all OSFM (one size fits most) but much too large for me.  When I asked where the swimsuit dryer was, the first attendant didn't know, and another one said it hadn't been hooked up yet.  In the shower, the hot and cold are reversed.  Another design flaw of this spa is the toilet area is separated by a door to the rest of the spa facilities, but there are no sinks to wash your hands in before touching this communal door.  Hubby confirmed this was the same in the men's side.  Something was broken the day I was there, and the women's section smelled awful.I have no desire to return to this particular spa, except to try a massage from the therapist who worked on my husband (one extra star for her).  ARIA's spa simply did not have an appropriate design or zen-like atmosphere.
3	We spent $35 per person for the day spa thing. There was both guy and girls section and co-ed areas. In the girls section, there was jacuzzis, tanning and spray tan beds, sauna, hot rocks bed, showers, makeup and hair styling section, bathrooms, private changing rooms, lockers. I think the same thing is for the guys too. The hot rocks and sauna was too hot for me to be in there very long. The jacuzzi room was the crowded room.The co-ed section has a lounging room, hot bed room, jacuzzi, and a salt room. I really liked the hot bed room because it was relaxing and warm. There was free apples for you to munch on and free non-alcohol beverages for you to sip on.
2	My bf's mother surprised me with a spa mani/pedi before our flight. It was very relaxing and nice, but the nail polish lasted two days. I couldn't believe it. It chipped! For a salon of this caliber I expected my nail polish to last at least two weeks. My mani/pedi at Canyon Ranch lasted a MONTH! No joke!
2	Went to the spa for my birthday weekend. The spa itself is spacious but there isnt much lounge chairs. I got my chair taken away from me when i came back from the steam room. And there were many people that kept yapping away. Well there is a co-ed swimming pool but when I was lounging I heard a DJ outside blasting his music... Really you go to the spa to relax and escape!As for the massage itself... to be honest I had better. It helps when the masseuse does not speak about their ex-wife or get too deep. It also dont help if you mess up the bill once the massage is over. Oh yeah I rather pay after i get out not once the massage is over!One good side is that yes Locals do get a discount. As for when.. i have no idea. They really need to communicate more and not mess up the bill.
2	Been to basically all the spas in Vegas.  Not going back to this one.Booked a facial and arrived a couple hours early so I could relax and enjoy the much touted facilities.  I like to basically veg out at the spa all day with a book and sleep off the Vegas hangover.  So lounge chairs and relaxation facilities are key to this.  Aria spa is seriously lacking in all of this.The place is HUGE, but not in a good way.  After checking in it's easy to get lost in the maze of treatment rooms and lockers and bathrooms, etc.  A better tour would have helped this, but the attendant didn't even show me where all the fancy hot rocks beds and salt room was.  But the areas that you would like to be bigger, aren't.  Like I said, when I go to the spa I want to chill and sleep for several hours, take a whirlpool, sauna, steam, then sleep some more, and repeat.  There are literally FOUR lounge chairs in the entire place, in a very small room with three small boring whirlpool tubs.  See pic from other yelper.  Seriously?  The spa is 80,000 square feet, and you've got a tiny wet room with four lounge chairs for at least fifty women to fight over?  People were sitting around the edges of the tubs in their towels talking because there was nowhere to sit.  Really weird.  Also, those much advertised Japanese stone beds?  There's four of them in a different room, which is quite a walk from the wet room towards the men's section and basically impossible to find.  The beds are always full and people are waiting outside for their turn; and there's no time limit, so you could be waiting awhile.  Really relaxing.  And weirdly, if you get to use one, the room is again really small and the beds are very close to each other, so you're basically relaxing right next to a couple of strangers.  Creepy.So the hot tubs are really nothing special; you would get the same thing at your basic Holiday Inn.  Just typical steps, seat, rectangular design, nothing cool, only two different temperatures.  Totally unacceptable for a brand new, supposedly cutting edge, expensive Vegas spa.  Vegas spas gotta step up their game.   Anyone who has been to Encore or Qua Baths at Caesar knows what I'm talking about; give you some rainfall shower action in the whirlpool, a place to actually lie down in the whirlpool itself (Qua, very awesome), some beautiful lighting and decor, heated ergonomic lounge chairs, etc.  For the amount of money they're ripping you off for, you at least want to feel like its worth it, and get pampered a little with something cool and special.  But the whole Aria Spa feels more like a doctor's office.  Like all of the Aria hotel, the spa is very modern and clean feeling.  So that's fine, that's their thing..but I like my spa luxurious, not clinical.  The decor and facilities are so sparse that they almost cross the line into seeming cheap, if you didn't already know that the whole complex cost 8 billion dollars.  The lockers look plain; the rugs are plain; there aren't any candles, flowers, plants, special touches, everything is totally neutral colored, the whole thing is boring and feels like a bad locker room.  Like I said, I think its the modern look they're going for, but it seriously misses the mark spa-wise.It's also really bright in there.  Who wants a bright spa?  I don't want a clear view of myself or anyone else naked.  BTW, if you like the clothing optional spa, nobody at Aria does it even though it's ostensibly clothing optional.  This is probably because the coed spaces are so close to the women's only spaces, and you generally have to walk through coed spaces to get to places you might actually take your bathing suit off in.  I usually bare all in a spa, but really wasn't comfortable doing it here.  Back to the lighting, its really not conducive to relaxing or sleeping, and does nothing for the atmosphere.The coed outdoor pool deck is also kind of a joke.  The pool itself is  nice, kept at a nice temperature and a decent size with a cool waterfall feature over the front wall of the pool.  But the deck is very small with six lounge chairs and nowhere to stand.  Three chairs on the women's side and three on the men's side.  The pool is located in the middle.  And you can't get from the women's lounge chairs over to the men's lounge chairs without walking actually through the pool itself...so it doesn't exactly invite mingling and you wouldn't really be able to hang with your significant other here without dragging all your stuff through the pool.  Most importantly, the pool is accessed by a door directly off of the wet/jacuzzi hot tub room; the supposed relaxation room.  The pool deck overlooks the Liquid adult pool, which is bumping with club music all day.  So...guess what you hear in the jacuzzi room while you're relaxing?  That's right; freestyle club favorites!  Awesome.The facial was top notch and the treatment room was well appointed and comfortable.  But I would much rather spend my time and money elsewhere.
4	I would have only given 3 stars but I was impressed at the amount of coed areas they offer. We really enjoyed the coed endless spa that overlooks the Liquid pool area. It was really fun to people watch. On the downside, perhaps you may not find that booming club music and girls in skimpy bikinis are too relaxing. My boyfriend and I opted for the spa entrance in lieu of a treatment. It cost $30 per person and allowed us unlimited entry for the entire day. I was very surprised that once you look past the upscale decoration, the only thing the spa really offers is a steam room, sauna, jacuzzi and some relaxation rooms. If you're used to a mediocre spa experience then this one will probably really impress you. I've been to most of the high-end spas in Vegas and this one just doesn't compare. You will be disappointed if you are expecting something like Canyon Ranch Spa.  They don't have any special showers with shower heads to reach all your parts like I've experienced elsewhere and the spa products (shampoo, lotion, etc.) are just average. I guess I just expected a little more from this level of resort.
2	I went during Spa Week, so I got a Thai Wrap for $50.  I would definitely not pay the full price for this spa.  I arrived a few hours early, mostly excited to use the heated therapy pool.  Upon our arrival, we were dismissively informed that the therapy pool was closed.  Apparently this had been our their schedule for a while, but even though I'm a local, they didn't mention this when I booked my appointment.  The manager I spoke to (I think his name was Rocket?) was pretty rude-- he told me that since I was only paying $50 for my treatment, I should stop complaining.  Also, he told me locals aren't actually allowed to use the spa on the weekends, so I'm pretty lucky that I even had an appointment.  Why are they so against locals using their facilities?I decided to suck it up and use the salt room and hot stone beds, but ended up in a line outside the rooms for a while.  They only have 5 of each, and they definitely have more than 10 people there on a Saturday afternoon.  Once I got into the rooms, I felt like I was falling for some kind of prank- I was supposed to relax by lying on a flat, hard, tile bed?  There was a guy snoring in the tile cubical next to mine.  I went to the steam room instead.  My treatment was great- my skin felt awesome afterwards.  The esthetician who did the treatment was nice, but she was overly concerned about modesty.  Went to ridiculous lengths to avoid seeing my boobs, and didn't apply the treatment to my upper thighs, either.  Kinda weird.  After the treatment, the therapy pool was open, so I went out there.  It's nice, but not exactly spa-like, as it overlooks the party pool.  That explained the thumping bass I heard as I tried to relax in the steam room.  One more thing-- the shelves in the shower stalls are already broken.  Didn't it just open a few months ago??I recommend the spa at Vdara for a more intimate, relaxing spa experience.
4	The Spa at Aria and fitness center at Aria do not differ much from the other luxury-hotel spas in Vegas....so basically if you like the Spa at Wynn, Bellagio, or Venetian, you'll like this one!The day-pass is $30.  But instead, for only $35 total (plus tip) I had a 1/2 hour personal training session!  I can't believe that for only $5 more I was able to have a personal training session!  I mean, most hotels charge $100 for that!  I had the best trainer, Joe.  He looks intimidating and he truly kicked my butt!  I had a kettlebells class with him and working out in such a beautiful atmosphere was definitely a plus.  He was so great and I wish I could have him as a trainer every day.Now on to the Spa part.  They supply an endless amount of apples and bottled water; I think I ate more fruit than I should have.  Their amentities are nice....razors, toothpaste, hair products, 3 types of lotion, etc.  They also have an outdoor spa area that they share with the guys.  More than anything, it's a nice view of the Liquid Pool at Aria.  Great people-watching.  I didn't receive a service at the Spa, just my personal training at the fitness center.  My only complaint with the Spa is that that showers aren't all that great (where are the multiple shower heads?) and the changing room part looks a little clinical, like a hospital.  Other than that I was a truly happy camper and will definitely be back to the Spa at Aria!
4	My husband and I scheduled an impromptu massage for a Saturday during the 4th of July weekend. We mainly just wanted to use the gym but $30 to use a gym for one day is stupid. So we both decided to get 25 minute swedish massages. I had Javier and he was good. He went super deep. My traps are still sore. My husband had Mai and he said she was alright. I liked the gym. It had lots of modern cardio equipment. Each treadmill had it's own tv and fan. The bike had a tv connected that played a spinning class or you could plug in your iPod and pedal to the speed of your music. There was a fair amount of free weights, machines and fitness equipment. You can get towels, water bottles and apples for free. The spa has hot tubs, a cold tub (?), a eucalyptus steam room (it felt so good but when the steam comes on it is freakishly loud), sauna, salt room (Coed- I found it to be pointless) and a stone room (coed- a flat slab that you lie on but it wasn't hot enough for me). The showers were large. You get to use their lotions, hair dryers and a bunch o other bathroom toiletries. There is another coed hot tub area that is outside overlooking the Luquid Lounge.We liked it. We spent at least 5 hours here!! I think there are some that are better but this is stil fantastic!
3	Just a caveat, this was my first spa experience ever.My ex's mom treated his older brother's girlfriend and me to a day at the spa during our trip. The place itself was pretty, but a little small. The salt room and the hot rock bed rooms were completely full the whole time we were there. In the softly lit salt room there's these comfy chairs where you just sit and listen to zen-like music playing. The hot rock bed room was basically what it sounds like. I don't really understand the appeal of sitting on hot, flat rock.We all got the Vichy scrub. A sad attempt to describe it: basically you lie on this padded, waterproof bed while a multi-shower head contraption sprays you with water the whole time. The lady was nice and chatted with me the whole time, probably because she knew it was my first time and I kept talking to her. The scrub itself had a pleasant pineapple smell, not the overly sweet, cloying type. She let me choose the scent of the lotion afterwards and also massaged some oil on my face. She gave me a tiny container of the lotion afterward. My ex's mom got a little bottle of the oil as well. All the lotions, shampoo, conditioner, etc. smelled really good; however, I ended up not really enjoying it because I have extremely sensitive skin. Everything I use at home is hypoallergenic and unscented so everything there ended up giving me a full blown eczema breakout. There were bottles of unscented, gentle lotions in the room with the curling irons and hair dryers. It was much appreciated. I wish I had known prior to desperately slathering myself with all the scented stuff, which didn't leave me feeling moisturized. The lap pool was really heated and you could see Liquid from the balcony. There were also three smell pools located inside and a eucalyptus steam room. The latter of which I liked, but that steam machine scared the crap out of me and I didn't enjoy sitting in there with it going off every few minutes. The whole experience was well, an experience. I was also really grateful and appreciated the fact that my ex's mom treated me to a spa day. My ex's mom and his older brother's girlfriend enjoyed the whole spa thing. That being said, I was really dying to just go back to the pools outside to play. Maybe I'm just not a spa kind of girl?
4	At first I was a little hesitant to spend $150 for a massage, but I am sure glad I did.  I had one of the most relaxing and wonderful massages that I've ever had at the Aria Spa.  This is a great coed spa.  They have a nice waiting area, outdoor pool, a hot stone room and a salt room that are all coed.  The hot stone room is amazing.   This spa is definitely worth trying if you are staying in the hotel.  Also the Fitness Center looked great!  Lots of machines and no one in there.
3	Ok so we wanted to book a treatment day of (Sunday) which is no problem in Vegas when everyone leaves Sunday. We first called the Vdara but because it is a smaller property they had less selection. They transferred me to Aria. I like the sleek modern feel of the Aria, and as my brother in law said, it must be new because it doesn't smell bad yet. The spa had its ups and downs. I say 3.5 stars.Pros: -steam and sauna-lots of freebees (even toothbrushes)-they gave us come/go privileges so we could take a nap and return-very good massage (jennifer)-nice art-nice meditation room(s) a stone bed one and salt one with "music chairs" that you can feel the music in.- love love love the massage tables that allow you to be placed in seated position (sort of like the dentist) for part of the treatment.- outdoor therapy pool (bummer it is clothing only rather than nude like Psyc in palm springs at the Parker) but because it overlooks the regular pool and is coed, I see the point.- 5 different lotion smell options!Cons:- the industrial feel. sad but the design is a MISS. I enjoy modern but the wall tiles in the spa are the ones that are normally found on the floor of the lobby of a high-rise. Not good. -snack sucked (really? shitty pretzels!? and random apples/bananas). Also while I love free sodas (since they are going to be $5 at the hotel) sodas and bad canned juices are not really appropriate for the spa.-steam is WAY WAY to hot a woman ran out crying! -they need to start enforcing the rules about cell phones -they need to stop letting lame asses buy day passes to use the private therapy pool as opposed to paying for lava (They act like it is a tanning area). If they are going to keep this spa at all elite this must stop. These "customers" are cheap, obnoxious and have NO spa etiquette, (probably because they think they are at the poolside bar not a spa. it cant be both and that is really tacky for a spa. Maybe the crappy pretzels and soda are for these customers....)
4	Ahhhhhhh....this was my first trip to Vegas that was not a blow-out girls trip. Instead, I tagged along with my poker-lovin' travelin' man (after assuring him I wouldn't cramp his table style), so I had a decent amount of time on my hands during the day. Cue spa day! I scheduled a 50 minute Ashiatsu massage because I can't seem to find anyone who does them in Atlanta and, if you really like deep tissue massage, there is truly nothing like it. The therapist massages you with his or her FEET! And no, they're not just walking on your back like my parents had me do when I was a kid, they are truly *massaging* you with those footsies, while holding on to bars bolted into the ceiling. I just can't describe it properly - it's freakin' amazing. I generally say "no preference" when it comes to gender of the stranger who will be rubbin' away but had a mild moment of regret when my dude came to get me from the lounge - ewww boys' feet are YUCKY! Wow, I got over that real fast. This is going to come across wrong, but that man REALLY knew how to use his feet!The massage was over before I knew it, as they do, but the noon poker tourney had just gotten started, so I took my time and took full advantage of every single amenity that spa had to offer. The women-only wet area is like most - hot jacuzzi, cold plunge pool, and a small "warm" jacuzzi as well - as Goldilocks would say, it was juuuuust right. Eucalyptus steam room sweated Saturday night right out of me and the Redwood Sauna gave my skin a glow. Most ladies kept their swimsuits on, but a few free spirits went topless. The coed areas include the waiting lounge, a salt room, hot stone beds, and outdoor soaking pool overlooking the Liquid Lounge. Salt room was totally weird - Trekkie-esque lounge chairs and vibrating new age music. I was disappointed at first because I was expecting it to smell like the seaside, and instead it felt kind of cold and sterile, but stick around for a while - eventually you'll start to feel the effect of the salt cleaning out those sinuses. I'm not completely embarrassed to admit that my favorite part just might have been the sheer abundance of US Weekly and People magazines casually lying about in each room...oh yes, sometimes I just adore being a girl!
5	It was my first visit to aria and the spa...the hotel was pretty nice i was here in june and they were only open for 6-7months,The spa (men's side) was nice and simple clean but alittle small...The 5 stars was for the heated stone massage (80mins) was haven, i almost fell sound asleep as my therpist worked on my back..The 80mins came and went so fast lolz... i booked my massage about 1month ahead, can't wait to come back again
4	Las Vegas is the land of spa day passes, a great bargain for spa lovers on a budget, such as yours truly.  There is a significant cluster of casino resort spas that are state-of-the-art and will offer day passes, more so than anywhere else in the country.  For the purpose of this review, I'm giving reasons of why the Spa at Aria is a worthwhile destination:1.  I prefer to work out first.  The Aria gym is well-equipped.  Every cardio machine has a TV (cable-ready).  All the weight machines are new and cleaned often.  Water, magazines, towels are well-stocked.2.  Besides the spa facilities to be expected (steam room and sauna), Aria spa also has outdoors co-ed pool that is heated.  It sits on a balcony that has an amazing view of the strip.  Perfect location to rendezvous with the boyfriend/husband if you are doing a couple's spa day.3.  Smaller amenities such as cold towels, juices, fruits, pretzels, coffee, tea, etc. are always available.  They could improve with a supply of nuts, dried fruit, and sliced cucumbers (for your eyes).4.  There are also two more rooms available in the co-ed areas that I have not seen at other casino spas: the Shio Salt Room (helpful in detoxing your respiratory system) and a Ganbanyoku Room with Japanese stone beds (helpful in relieving back pain while you catch a cat nap).I would love to give the Spa at Aria five stars, when they provide a better snack supply as well as cuter slippers (currently they have boring brown plastic footwear).
4	This spa is so worth the $30 for the Day pass. The day pass includes the usage of all amenities even if you don't get a treatment/massage. If you're a hotel guest, you can get the day pass whenever. However, if you are not a hotel guest (I wasn't), the day pass is only available from Sunday-Thursday. I fell in love with the one of a kind Japanese stone beds they have. I've been to many spas in Vegas, and the stone beds is definitely one of my favorites. The room is located in the co-ed area just like the Shio Salt room is. When you step in, calming music is playing and in front of you are 6-7 stone beds. It looks just like a large slab of granite with 7 blocks of black stone, each separated wooden panels on each side. Each "bed" has a wood-slab pillow for your head to rest on. I'm pretty my friends and I fell asleep on these beds for about an hour. The heat was just right, not too hot that it burns and not too cold that you need to wrap yourself in your robe and towel. This is all I wanted to rave about just because the stone beds alone made this spa extremely relaxing.
2	Dear Aria Spa, I was so excited to see you on this past visit, but let's be honest you clearly weren't having the best of days. First your system of checking people in is a little ridiculous. Step 1: wait in line for the one person at the GIANORMOUS check in desk to assist you. Step 2: get handed your bill for arranged services. Step 3: proceed to the actual spa. Step 4: check in again with the spa attendants that takes another 15 minutes. Plus your location is so very out of the way. Getting to the spa from the front door was about a 20 minute walk. So when I arrived 1 hour early hoping to have time to relax in the steam room before my treatment I actually had to spend 45 minutes just getting into you before I could actually start the relaxation for all of 10 minutes before needing to wait in a lounge.Secondly your spa attendant staff members have got to go. They were so busy watching basketball on the lounge television that they had a hard time concentrating on helping guests. When I asked if my friend had checked out yet (after my appointment) the attendants repeatedly told me they had no way of knowing, even when provided with her locker number to determine if the locker bracelet was back in the drawer.Also, your skin treatment specialists need a little help in understanding that lecturing guests about skin allergies isn't relaxing. When I informed my worker bee that I had skin sensitivity issues and I would need to smell anything she planned to rub on my skin beforehand she proceeded to act exceptionally put out and then lecture me on how to treat sensitive skin. As though I hadn't been treating my skin with kid gloves all day.Anyone planning to attend should call first and ask if their treatment will limit their ability to access the spa amenities afterward. For instance I had a body detox treatment performed and was hoping to have some time for a steam and a hot tub soak but was told that based on my service I really shouldn't do those things so as to let the essential oils soak in.You have a few fun features such as the salt room and the stone room, but as unique as those are, you just aren't as good as other spas. I just can't pass on a good word Aria Spa.Maybe you'll get better with time, but as of this past weekend, you were kinda sucky.Cheers,Jessie
4	I really loved the spa at Aria & cannot wait to go again on my next visit to Vegas!! I found this spa during a promo in September during the Vegas Spa Week! I received a $ 120 plus facial for $50 including the use of the spa for the day! I was in heaven! The attendant who did my facial was fabulous & even treated me w/ extra special products for my extra sensitive skin! I really felt she cared and gave me the best service! It was so relaxing just to lounge for the day at the out door cooed rectangular wading pool that overlooked the popular Liquids Party pool & to the left Is a view of the large Aria pool ( not a bad view!) The steam room was also quite nice along w/ the whirl pool spas in an open lounging area! I was surprised during a popular "Spa Week" that the place wasn't over crowded... It was so relaxing! Oh! I have to mention the many hot and cold drinks available along w/ a variety of fresh fruit! The lovely white robes in every locker was a nice touch I enjoyed!
1	BEWARE!I had the most horrible experience this weekend at the Aria Spa. After getting to the steam room to relax, an asian guy gets up from the other side and walks into the middle of the room and starts jerking himself. It caught me off guard so i left and then when i went to the area to shave. There were 3 or 4 men talking together naked when the same asian guy walks in and they all start talking.No lifestyle judgements at all but this really is a health concern if this type of behavior and possible activities may be occurring within the common facilities. Communicable diseases is what concerns me.I did speak with the Aria Spa manager Matt Gallager who said he didn't condone this behavior. He dismissed my complaints an told me to get tested for STD's and contact the Clarke County Health Board. What a douche!
4	With some staff improvement, this place would be first class!!So I read the other reviews on Yelp.. and there seemed to be a common thread about the staff's friendliness and attentiveness.  I went in assuming they probably improved that.The day before we went, we stopped by to inquire whether or not there were a certain number of openings for the spa portion, or if we would be able to get in at any time of day.  When we got to the counter, the clerk was in a verbal argument with a customer, so we turned around and left.  Who knows what it was about.We returned the next day and purchased day passes.  The place is pretty tranquil... until you are greeted inside.  There were two TV's playing, one with wrestling and the other was some other loud not-spa-like sport.  Once I got past that, the friendly attendant gave us a little tour and hooked us up with a locker.  We changed and then hit the spa.Dry sauna, wet sauna, four baths of different temps... and the long skinny coed pool outside.  Cool!!The best part:  All the juice, soda, water, fruit, tea, etc you want.  I drank tons of water and felt great after.Overall - great!!!  Tune down the sports center and less verbal arguments among the staff and this place would be top notch.
4	a group of spent 3 hours here on day passes!  i thought the layout of the place was kind of werid.  it wasnt very open and we had to talk an elevator from the cashier to the checkin.they advertise a salt room and a hot stone room but they were a bit crowded with only one chair left when we tried to go in.  the steam and sauna rooms were nice as were the wet pools.  they also have a heated outdoor infinity pool.  it overlooks the party pool.
2	This is a bath house NOT a spa.Been here twice. Both times the wet spa areas were so loud that I felt terrible for anyone who actually came here to relax! No effort whatsoever is made to tell guests to use quiet voices.  Additionally, guest and staff voices were so loud outside of the salt and hot stone rooms that it was distracting to those within.Staff members in at the women's spa both times looked like they barely wanted to be bothered as they handed you the locker tag and slippers.The facilities themselves are very nice ~ especially the outdoor co-ed pool ~ but customer service and a relaxing spa atmosphere simply do not exist at this place.
4	I'm surprised by peoples experiences. I went there in the summer of 2010 and I really had a ooh experience. It wasn't the best massage I have ever had but by no means did I have any complaints. The hot wax treatment that I got on my hair was exceptional. I found the women only spa area very relaxing, you are allowed access to this area all day when you get a treatment. Overall I had a very relaxing experience, I thought the treatment, staff, and area was very good and worth the money.
5	Love love loveeeeeeeee the Aria Salon!!!!! Im a local in Vegas and its really hard to find a consistant hair dresser, especially one that doesnt over charge for the lack of work. My friend recommeneded me to Elizabeth at the Aria Salon and so I booked the apt. Everyone there is so friendly and genuwinely nice. I went from being an over processed blonde to a beautiful brunette and she made it look perfect. I really trust this place with my beautiful curly hair. I loved their attention to detail and complete honesty. Its a super nice place to come a relax and leave happy. Ill def be back, alll thanks to Liz!!!!
4	Holy cow that was one expensive 50 minute massage that was meh at best.  But the amenities were amazing.  Its stunning inside with so many different things to try it made my head spin.  Love the whirlpools and the hot stone room, but there's only 5 "beds" and lots more guest that would like to use that and the salt room.Spa staff was very attentive and helpful.
5	My girlfriends & I go here every week.  We have the time of our lives.  The staff is friendly & more than accommodating.  Lots of little drinks & snacks.  Swimsuits are optional, but you get the plushest robe ever.  The common facilities are very clean & comfy.  If you are a fancy-pants type that needs someone to smooch your behind you are better off going to Sedona or somewhere you are a big deal.This is the greatest most relaxing spa yet & the hot stone room is tha bomb.
4	I was lucky enough to come here for a combo scrub and facial. The facial was amazing but the scrub was a bit lacking..she didnt rub any body butter onto me since she asked if I was going to soak after. Well of course I was gonna  use the facilities!  And after a scrub I really need to have something rubbed into my skin. Thats why they didnt get 5 stars. I really enjoyed everything they offered except for the cold pool. It was so nice that they had a huge selection of beverages to drink. I just loved the fruit tea they served there. And the nuts/fruit etc were great to nosh on since I was there like forever. I didnt want to leave. This mommy so enjoys a good spa day! I would love to come back here again.
4	I am a big fan of the spa experience. I have been fortunate to enjoy a few different ones and the one at Aria, most recently. The facility and staff are great, I had a full body massage and facial and they were both excellent. They are busy busy on Sat if you prefer more quiet experience, I will recomend another day.
4	While staying at the Aria for a conference I took an afternoon out the visit their spa.  Booking was simple - you can just call from your room. Upon arrival I was given a tour of the spa - they have a beautiful relaxation room and a terrace also.I forget who my attendants were but they were very helpful and not over bearing.  Massage was great and the seaweed detox wrap was so refreshing.The dry oil they use is great for your skin too.
5	I'm not sure what everyone is so huffy about.I recently stayed at ARIA.  I wanted to book a spa treatment.  I went on their website, which gave me the option to fill out a form online, call them, or email them.  I emailed because I was in an area where i couldn't call.  (And I wanted to see how their process went.)  They got my email, and immediately sent me their brochure of treatments and prices.  Fine.  I wanted the 50-minute hot stone and gave them all the information they requested.  And within 30 minutes or so, I got full confirmation and my reservation form on my iPhone.  Done and Done.It clearly states to arrive 45 minutes before your appointment time to get you situated.  I did.  Check in was a breeze.  Checked in at the spa desk, where they then directed me to the elevators to Spa level.  People complained that there's multiple desks?  Well, go to any spa on the Strip.  There's always multiple desks.  The attendant in the Men's spa gave me a quick tour, showed me how to operate the electronic locks on the locker and was quite helpful.The spa wasn't that crowded.  There were probably 10-20 guys in and around the locker area, jacuzzi, steam room areas.  The 50-minute hot stone massage was exactly what I needed, mixing in a bit of deep tissue.  In fact, it was one of the best massages I've ever had.  Kudos to Pablo to working out the knots in my shoulders and lower back.Best feature was the spa balcony, where one can just lay out, enjoy the sun and outdoor weather free from the crowds at the pool.  I was perfectly happy to just hang out there for an hour and just relax and de-stress.The only thing I had wished was that the cold plunge pool was actually a tad bit colder.  The one at QUA at Caesars is colder, but is also 4x smaller.  Give and take, I guess.  QUA also has the cold/ice room that ARIA doesn't have.  But that isn't enough to deduct a star.ARIA is as good as it gets, though I haven't done the spa at Mandalay or Mandarin Oriental yet.  But it certainly is as good as QUA.  Plus the price is pretty reasonable, for spa prices -- especially if you have resort credits to use.
5	I had a great massage here, probably the second best of my life. I forgot who did my massage but he was excellent and a master at his craft. I didn't try any other masseuses but these guys get paid well which translates to recruiting the best in vegas.
5	We booked a room/spa package that included a couples massage, facial and amenities in a spa suite.  What a treat!When making the reservations, the agent asked us to arrive 30-45 minutes prior to the appointments.  Check-in was quick and easy at the front desk.  We waited in a "lounge" until our treatment time.This was not what I had expected and/or anticipated.  Instead of sitting in a "lounge," I was looking forward to sitting in a sauna for a steam prior to my treatments.The spa suite was well laid out and comfortable.  It included a large "bathroom" with a double sink, water closet, steam shower and changing area.  The treatment room included two massage tables, 42" flatscreen, whirlpool spa and sofas.  The amenities included coffee, teas and soft drinks and chocolate dipped strawberries!The treatments were amazing!  Massages first and facials second.  The facials included hand and foot therapy.  We had lunch delivered to the suite following the facials.While three-hours of the suite was included, I would have liked to have spend a bit more time to enjoy (i.e. steam).  There was no offer made to use the other facilites (which I believe are located on another level of the spa).We will definitely seek out this room/spa package again in the future!
5	I'm not enough of a spa snob not to give this place 5 stars. I agree with other Yelpers that the check-in process is lame, especially waiting in line twice. But really, it's not that big of a deal, people. The amenities are amazing...super clean, tranquil and new. I soaked in the hot tub and then went in the eucalyptus steam room. Man, it was a super steamy steam room, and very eucalyptusy too. Great way to sweat the Vegas out. The co-ed pool outside was pretty cool, but it was not relaxing to listen to base bumping and watch 400 drunk people down below. I guess this would have been fun just to sit and watch for a while, but def not peaceful. My 50 minute signature massage was great, and the masseuse really listened to what I wanted and adjusted accordingly. Everything was very professional, and it rates up there with my best massages ever. It's pretty pricey, even for Vegas spas, so be prepared for that but if you want to treat yourself this is the way to go.
5	facility was calm, clean, and fantastic. prices aren't too bad... i mean, it's vegas after all. i like that they provide you with lots of fruits and drinks. :)i came for the aria signature massage and scrub add-on. they gave me Mitch. Mitch was absolutely FABULOUS!!! his hands are seriously made of gold! this is by far, the BEST massage I've ever had!! and I'm not exaggerating either. I've had so many massages, no one comes remotely close. can I bring him home with me? anyway, he was perfect... i asked him if he used oil (i hate oil) and he said he used lotion only. it's better because our skin gets so dry in the desert heat anyway. during my spa session, he checked up on me ever so often and he made sure the pressure wasn't too much for me to handle. he didn't try to chit chat during my session either! pure awesomeness. he even hooked me up with a little container of salt scrub after we were done! i really can't wait to come back to see Mitch!
5	My spa life has been changed forever - by my husband.Its hard to find spas that have enough common co-ed space where you can cuddle and relax and enjoy time together. After all it is Vegas and a little couple time away outside your hotel room can feel, taboo. I mean its Vegas sand to the beach blah blah blah. This is one of the few places I think couples get a fantastic retreat.There is a coed lounge with many couches where you can sit and relax and prep before your appointment or use the salt and stone rooms together. I loved the salt room - I fell asleep in a trance with headphones on. Don't try to adjust the chaises, they are fixed in position. I love the Japanese rock beds, we have them in San Mateo and they are great - but I think that for people who haven't experienced them, a little instruction maybe on the door, or by the staff could prevent people from using them wrong.The steam room was nice, large and so was the sauna. There are icy face towels nearby. The jacuzzi and dipping pools were nice, but the large balcony jacuzzi overlooking Vegas and the pool party below was a highlight. Its coed and the men come from the other side and the jacuzzi has an infinity edge and its maybe 20' long. There are a few lounge chairs but this was nice. The day pass is a steal for all of the above plus gym (I got enough exercise dancing all night so I didn't try it), refreshments and fruit.The vanity area is nice and comfy but I wish they had more than one hairdryer/flatiron. You might want to bring yours.I went with my girlfriends and a BIG plus is they have private lounge areas available if you are having a bachelorette/birthday party! I know bachelorette parties can turn a calm spa into a chicken coop and this option makes this spa stand out!So yeah - you can bring your boo to the spa. Or your gaggle of friends, or your new Vegas hookup...
3	Had a massage and i felt it was expensive for the experience.  Vlean, nice, newish, but just not fantiastic.  Will try again next trip and review again.
5	Loved the new Aria Resort and Spa. They have an extensive list of treatments and beautiful setting.
5	You have to come to the Spa at Aria to experiance what to "Spa" is all about. You can lounge around here all day and not worry about a single thing but pampering yourself, and this is exactly what I did. The hubby was off golfing and I had an entire afternoon dedicated to myself and no one else. I'm a mother of three and this was a much needed break. I booked a one hour massage that also buys you an all day access to the  facility with in and out privileges. The therapist I had was an EXPERT and had the Midas touch. Just the right amount of pressure, and she didnt talk unless spoken to :) After my  heavenly massage, she showed me around the two co-ed "meditation rooms" (please take note that covering up with your robe or a swim suit is a MUST people, i know we're in Vegas but don't get too carried away). One room had heated stone beds and the other was a salt infused wall that had several reclining chairs that you can lay on, with an attached headphone so you can listen to relaxing music while 'meditating'. I was fortunate enough to try every single treatment room they had to offer except for the body wrap and facial. After taking a dip in the infinity pool and the hot tub, i went in and out in between the steam room and sauna. The steam room was infused with eucalyptus and it was a great way to relax and rid your body of impurities.  The infinity pool is only good for a dip but don't expect to swim laps in there as the powerful jets will only push you to the side. It's long and narrow and therefore not very good if you plan to swim. They had plenty of water and assorted non-alcoholic drinks in all the rooms and fresh fruit too. This place is like a spa on steroids. I couldn't complain about anything. Everything was well stocked from the towels to the itty bitty q-tips in the vanity area. After lounging around, I went outside to the main pool and then came back to shower and freshen up. Everything I needed was right at my fingertips and the only thing that I needed to bring was my own make up. This is worth spending your time and money on. I would definitely be back to this wonderful Spaaaahhhh!
5	I am not an avid spa goer but I know a good one when I see one - this one happened to be great!For $30, you have all-day-in-and-out access to an amazing gym and spa facility (I'm sure it's a bit cheaper of you are an actual guest of the hotel). I like things cheap so I didn't opt for any services but I still felt pampered during my 5+ hours lounging in the dry and wet saunas, the heated stone beds (coed), leather reclining chairs in the meditation room (coed), and the various hot tubs. There's actually a coed pool as well.I must have taken at least 3 long showers in their private shower stalls that are the size of a small bedroom in San Francisco.  I indulged in all their free non-alcoholic beverages, fruits and snacks - that alone was worth $30.  The men's area was never crowded and at times I was the only one there. Staff is attentive and friendly, entire facility is clean and well maintained, super plush towels and robes everywhere, vanity area is well stocked with premium skin and hair products.  They even have toothbrushes, razors and various combs and brushes.Bottom line, I would go back to Vegas just for The Spa at ARIA.
2	In a nutshell: You do not get what you pay for.The facilities are fantastic and absolutely beautiful. The staff is really friendly and nice.But the manicure.... not as impressive. I got the dead sea minerals upgrade, which was super worth it. However, the routine part of the manicure was not. My technician used a lot of tissue, which i thought was weird. What happened to cotton balls or cotton squares? I'm not a nail expert, but even I know that cotton balls or cotton squares are a lot better at removing nail polish. To top it off, MY NAILS CHIPPED WITHIN TWO HOURS, and I always baby my hands after manicures to make sure this never happens! The staff was very accommodating, and they comped the re-polishing. However, it shouldn't have happened in the first place. For the price that I paid, the entire manicure should have been done with the highest quality products, and except for the dead sea minerals, it wasn't. UNACCEPTABLE.
5	These stars are for Spencer and Val in the salon.  I cannot say enough good things about them!  Spencer is a very talented makeup artist.  We usually do a smokey eye and nude lip for my nights out in Vegas, and I love the way it turns out each time - flawless!  Plus, it photographs so well and we ladies know how important those pictures are if they're going to end up on Facebook haha!  On top of it she's super fast too!  Val styled my fine, straight hair with curls one time and I loved how it came out - more volume and not super tight yet it held well through the night.  Just like my makeup my hair photographed well also.  Val was pretty quick too!  Both are super nice too which is a plus.  Spencer and Val are total gems and I highly recommend them for your special occasions in Vegas!  Pricey as are all hotel salons but totally worth the splurge!
3	I went to the spa for a day pass which was $30. This gave access to the wet areas but no actual service such as massag etc. It was a nice experience. You will pass the gym on the way up and its a nice size, clean with all new equipment and lots of ellipticals.Upon signing in they give you a tour, an electronic locker, robe and shoes.I started off in the outdoor pool. It was about 30 degrees outside amd the pool is about 80. its on the rooftop overlooking the mountains which is a nice relaxing view. From there i went into the eucalyptus sauna, and then onto the red cedar room, which is a heated dry area that smells similar to a wood stove. These particular areas arent co-ed so expect to see some nudity.The other two rooms are meditation rooms which are co-ed so you will need to wear your robe. I tried the heated stone bed which is similar to laying on heated marble, i wasnt that impressed so I moved on to the salt room. The walls are made of salt and some of the lamps are salt too. This was my favorite room, it had headphones with spa like music, and relaxing chairs. I fell asleep in here for an hour without even realizing it. If your looking to relax without paying a ton of money this is a good deal. Its open daily until 8pm.
4	Nice spa at City Center.  Services were great.  Special services like heated seats, special rooms, etc. are nice, but there are too few of them to service the co-ed needs of the spa.Would be nice if they increased the quantity of options.  That knocked a star off my review.  Co-ed sounds nice if you are visiting with someone else, but it has limited the options / availability for guests.  Makes the experience overall a little limiting and disappointing.But still, a very nice spa environment.
5	The Spa at Aria might take the place of Qua as my favorite hotel spa in Vegas!  The fitness room was fantastic- lots of equipment, both cardio and strength, as well as free weights Swiss balls, medicine balls, mats, everything you could need. Each of the cardio pieces had a tv attached and they provided headphones. Since the use of the fitness room was included in the resort fee, you just had to wave your key in front of the sensor to check in. They provided you with a towel and a bottle of water.  After your workout, you can relax in their fireside lounge, which had water, coffee, tea, fruit and snacks.The spa itself was extremely nice. Automatic door at entry, and you were given a tour, provided robe, slippers, and a locker.  The decor was very, very relaxing without being too dark. I was very surprised at the number of co-ed areas. Generally, most spas just have a "women's area" and a men area", but the Aria had both a single-gender and co-ed areas. The co-ed areas included a lounge, relaxation rooms, and a co-ed pool.  I tried pretty much everything available. The relaxation rooms were very different- there was a Sea Salt room with vibrating lounge chairs. The chairs provided a gentle vibration along with the hypnotic music playing, and there were headphones for an even greater sensory experience.  There was a Hot Stone lounge, where you'd lay down on the heated marble(?) slab. They were surprisingly comfortable.The sauna was bigger than I expected, and always a great experience. There were only 3 plunge pools- hot, medium, and cold, but I used all of them as well.  I was particularly impressed with how clean everything was and how well stocked. The showers were amazing, and there was everything you could possibly need in the makeup/dressing areas.The cost of a day pass to the Spa at Aria is $30, and you can use it for the entire day. I will definitely be back!
4	On my second trip to Las Vegas with Carole C., we went here for a spa day of sorts. I haven't been have other treatments in other Vegas spas, but the ambiance was amazing. Highlights are the salt room (you can go in here and breathe the salt in, air feels lighter and fresher while in big comfy chairs and listening to ambient sounds through noise canceling headphones...), the jacuzzis and the seperate pool for spa guests. This one is heated, which is nice. We had a full on spa day here, and it was well worth the money. Massages (my masseuse was kneading my back so wonderfully I didn't even notice that she'd climbed on the table with me to get better leverage), body scrubs, etc...make for two happy ladies!
4	As a whole the spa at Aria is very nice. The facility is pretty big, very clean, and they have a nice variety of services to choose from.  The amenities are wonderful.  They offer lots of drinks and snacks. I would give the spa 5 stars if I had gone by myself.  I was one of 5 girls going for the same detoxifying scrub. When we were done and all came to sit together, we all had a very good experience. The major difference is that we all experienced something very different you would think we had 5 different types of services. As we sat there comparing each of us realized what our individual service was lacking. I think this spa has great potential, but they do need to set a standard for the services they offer. Every esthetician and employee should provide the same quality of service.
5	this review is just for the spa facilities.i haven't received a treatment here yet, but i did take advantage of their $30/day all access pass to the spa facilities and LOVED it. From the relaxing salt room, sauna, steam room, the stone beds to the outdoor jacuzzi (the size of a swimming pool) everything was super clean and nicely decorated. There's plenty of space for co-ed relaxing, as well as private male/female hot and cold pools to jump in to after a sauna/steam.this really is the perfect post hangover space to pamper yourself before another night of vegas debauchery!
4	I came here this past weekend with 8 of my girl friends. The treatments are fairly pricey (but obviously it's Vegas!), but the day-spa facility use is very affordable for $30 / day / person! What a steal! You can stay there as long as you want, and you can use all the amenities: steam room (my absolute fav), sauna room, 3-different jacuzzi, outdoor heated (co-ed) pool, hot-stone beds. It was especially good for us given that we had 9 girls! The facility is very clean, plenty of fruits and drinks for you to replenish throughout the day. My only drawback is that the facility is not THAT big. For instance, we really wanted to try the hot-stone beds, but it was ALWAYS packed so unfortunately did not get a chance. Spent most of my time in the pool / jacuzzi and sauna. However, would DEFINITELY recommend to girl groups in Vegas (during off-peak pool party seasons!)
5	Service is a little stiff from the hosts and front desk staff, but the facilities and my 50 min signature spa definitely made up for it! Had the most amazing, relaxing time hanging out with my girls here. We spent 4 hours and did massages, sauna, hot tubs, pool, salt room, and heated stone beds. The salt room and stone beds were kind of a let down (too few spaces and not really that effective), but everything else definitely made up for it!Tip: Look for the blackberry sage tea lotion - it's scarce but definitely the best one!
5	After an extraordinary weekend at EDC 2011, it was time for the weekly Marine Corps grooming standard haircut. Problem was, where was I going to find a barber in the middle of the strip with 5 hours before my flight?After helplessly wandering around with the help of Google maps, I was running out of time. But out of the blue, my savior in the form of a Chinese immigrant smoking outside his yellow taxi came to my rescue. I asked him to take me to a barber and he knew exactly where to go.In less than five minutes, I was outside one of Vegas' biggest five star hotel. Naturally I was a bit blind sided. I decided to proceed knowing I had no other options. Nothing short of greatness awaited me. As I gallantly waltz through the luxurious ground floor in what can only be described as 'hobo attire' in comparison, I finally made my way to the elevator and onto the Spa & Salon. I was quickly greeted by a nice young lady. After I told her I only needed a standard military grade haircut, some short arrangements were made and I was quickly seated.In a matter of a minutes, an angel came through the door and introduced herself as Amber. She told me she would be the one cutting my hair today. I told her all I needed was a medium fade and just to thin the top. She then proceeded to meticulously (almost individually) cut my hair. Almost forty minutes went by and she finally finished my fade. As lengthy as it was, she was actually going fast considering the detailing she was doing.Turns out she used to cut hair at an Air Force base for a while. Wow! That Chinaman really knew what he was doing! After finishing the best haircut of my life, her assistant took over and thoroughly rinsed me off. At the end of the day, the bill came up to $65.00 for this standard haircut. But it was worth every dime. And of course, it's only natural you tip an angel 23%. Never in my life have I ever spent anything near $80 for a haircut.Hopefully Amber is still there when I go back to EDC next month. I'm long overdue for an overpriced haircut!
4	Welcome to the world of cucumber water and the accidental face-full of flabby old ass   sightings. With that said, overall, I liked this spa.There's a few things that stand out at this spa. They have two meditation rooms, one being a hot stone bed room, the other being a meditation room with vibrating chairs that synced to the mellow music of the room. However, there were a few things wrong with this room. Not all the chairs worked and at least two headsets were not working when I went. The hot stone beds were relaxing, but my experience was interrupted at least 3 times by a staff member that kept going in and out of the room.As for the massage:Lindsay was a great masseuse! She is capable of applying a lot of pressure for guys that like their massage hard. The massage was 160. Mai, another masseuse, also got the thumbs up from the friend I went with.There was also an outside area with a strip pool and a few chairs to lounge. It was also directly overlooking liquid day club so there was loud bumping music. The plus side was that there was abundant sightings of eye candy. However, there was one bump in the road. Our massages was scheduled for 5 and the front desk staff asked that we wait at the lounge five minutes before. It wasn't until 5:20 that we started to ask how much longer it will take. They lost our reservation and scrambled for the masseuses eventually got.Overall, I did like this spa, but I would say that the Bellagio Spa was just a bit nicer.
4	Gorgeous spa with full amenities - perfect to detox after a weekend in Vegas. Favorite feature was Ganbanyoku stone beds in a dim room - heated stone beds were incredibly soothing and relaxing. Shio salt room has a wall of illuminated salt bricks and salt lamps, with elevated lounge chairs and individual headsets - great concept, but the chairs weren't adjusting during my visit, similar to Jimbo L's experience.There are 3 hot tubs (hot, medium, cold plunge).  The women's hot tub area is located near LIQUID pool lounge, which somewhat takes from the spa atmosphere as the club music can be heard from here. Outdoor balcony has an amazing infinity pool, but this overlooks LIQUID pool lounge - otherwise the outdoor pool is quite nice.Staff is professional and courteous. Fireside lounge area is nice to unwind post spa visit. Spa pass is $30/day.
5	Great spa with great amenities, lovely relaxation room, great outdoor jacuzzi/pool area with view onto the Aria pool area, all other rooms and jacuzzis/soaking tubs were great as well. I also had a good deep tissue massage. Came away very relaxed, just like one should when visiting a Spa.
2	My mom and I came here during our Vegas trip to enjoy a day at the spa and to relax. The spa's amenities and services were ok, but nothing to write home about for Vegas standards. We each got a massage, and my mom told me her's was relaxing. My masseuse was attentive about the room warmth level, whether or not I like the scent of the oil, music choice, etc. Overall, she did a pretty good job.I just wasn't very impressed with the Aria Spa though. I feel the spa at Caesar's and Encore is far superior. There is one very big problem with Aria's Spa and this is the fact that they are located upstairs of their Club/Lounge area in the pool. The whole point of going to a spa is to relax. It's a bit hard to relax in the spa when you're in the whirlpool or sitting area and you hear loud fist pumping rap songs and people screaming downstairs in the Club...
5	such a great way to start the day and my vacation. it's a luxurious spa with excellent execution of decor, details, services.I had reserved the Aria Signature Massage at 7:30 am on a Friday. I had a $100 resort credit, which got me the 25 min session. pretty steep, and i would dock a star for the exorbitance, but i think this is just how it goes in vegas.i dragged myself downstairs after dragging myself out of bed at 6:30 am to take a quick shower (they ask you to shower before visiting the spa and i am a rule-following good girl) and get dressed.the main spa/salon check-in area gives the first look at what the decor of the spa will be. i really really liked the decor and felt that it suited my personal tastes. it's a very modern and sleek and clean design.up to the spa. you go past the check-in desk to the elevators.so, i love secrets and i think i really liked this place because i felt like it had a bunch. the elevator doors slide open into a dark, quiet, empty room. there are two doors in the room, one on the left for women and one on the right for men. there are no door knobs. there is a motion panel and the door opens silently for you.the spa hostess gives you a robe and slippers and takes you to the locker room, which had very nice lockers that you set your own code to. wandering around after changing in one of the dressing rooms, i felt like i just kept discovering stuff. showers and therapy rooms, vanity areas with all the toiletries you might need, 3-temperature jacuzzis, sauna, steam room, snacks and beverages.you sit in two different waiting rooms. im guessing this is your transition into the zone-o-relaxation. you wait in the first, where theres tv, various snacks and beverages, and newspapers and magazines. then they call you to another delightfully decor-ed waiting room, with all the same, except no tv i think.my massage was very good. comfortable room and ambiance. the masseuse focused on my back, shoulders, and neck, and i could feel my knots coming out. after my massage, i got a tour of all the facilities, which you get to use with a spa service. i found the ganbanyoku heated stone beds extremely relaxing and spent the most time there. the shio salt room was interesting in concept and very pretty to look at, with amber-colored himalayan salt bricks lining one entire wall. this was supposed to be good for allergies and skin i think, but it didnt keep me interested plus not all the seats were vibrating. sauna and steam room are also available, if those appeal to you. the jacuzzis seemed to be popular, and there was a group of gabby ladies sitting by the unisex spa out on the balcony.i liked that it was uncrowded and peaceful (except for the gabby ladies), although im sure that will vary throughout the day.i left feeling and looking extremely relaxed!
4	The Spa at the Aria is a wonderful Oasis. They have all the amenities you can imagine- from snacks and chilled beverages, spacious dressing areas to hair brushes, shampoo, toothbrushes, etc.There is a salt room with musically vibrating chairs and salt walls. Not sure of the benefit but it was a nice touch. The room with the infrared stone beds is the ultimate in relaxation as witnessed by the deeply snoring man I witnessed . Both are included with a service and are unisex. There is a unisex lounge and an outdoor jacuzzi.There lies the only potential negative. The outdoor patio with an Infiniti jacuzzi and recliners is right above the Liquid Lounge which is their party pool complete with scantily clad gyrating ladies and bass thumping music. Some of the serenity is lost while gazing upon young, hopeful men chugging Bud Light while taking in all the lovely ladies around them.The massage was blissful and Mitch had magic hands. I wanted to stay here all day.
5	Some hotels charge an extra fee to use the hotel gym/fitness center but not Aria.  It was a pretty decent fitness center with free weights, lots of cardio machines (treadmills, stepmills, and bikes),  a good variety of exercise equipment, even a squat rack!  The provide towels and chilled water bottles.  And there's a fireplace lounge to relax in too.  Just need to show your room key to use the Fitness Center.  Definitely a plus for this hotel.
4	This is my first spa experience (outside of facials/massages). We opted for a day pass and had a blast. My group of four had just completed the Tough Mudder event in Big Bear and drove straight to Vegas. By the second day, we were severely burnt, sore, and just in need of help all over. There are jacuzzis (2 hot, 1 cold), steam room, and sauna. There is also a shared heated infinity pool with jets that overlooks Liquid (not impressed with the pool party at all). What I loved about this pool is that it is shaded so we were not tortured under the sun, in 100+ degree heat. The heated stone beds were probably my favorite here. It was very nice and my guy was snoring up a storm. The salt room was not appealing, we walked out and didn't even try it upon realizing the chairs vibrated and did not massage. My mind did not need relaxation, my body did! The amenities were nice! They had a ton of hair products, beauty supplies, toothbrushes/mouth wash, razors, bathing products, a swim suit dryer, snacks, drinks, ice cold towels. I loved it, and would go back.
4	Jacuzzis inside and outside meaning outdoors. Steam and Sauna. Nice to watch the sunet with yr cup of tea. =) Co-ed lounge area nice. Warm Stone beds.. ahhh. Salt room...ouuuu. I could stay here alllll day.
3	This is just a review of their work out room. The equipment is nice, but the room is small and I don't really like the atmosphere/theme of it. It's a dark brown/black setting, which makes me want to fall asleep while on the treadmill...Limited space for working out due to the room size as well (I like to do pilates stuff on the floor). 3 stars...can't complain too much as it is a hotel workout room...and it's much better than Tropicana's (blech!)
5	Uhm where do I begin?!?!I came here because I had just recovered from a sever asthma attack and hospital trip back home. I heard that the Aria Spa had a Salt Room!! Since I know that salt rooms are great for respiratory issues I had to come and check it out!!My boyfriend and I bought day passes on a Friday. The front desk staff were very helpful and kind. We took an elevator up to the spa floor. We split up to go to our gender specific sides. It was like we were in a sci fi movie at first, (which is a good thing) we stood in front of the large wooden doors and wave our hand in front of a sensor on the side. The door opened slowly.. It was soo cool.I was greeted by a nice young lady, she gave me a tour. They have a hot and cold plunge, a very warm hot tub, a HUGE eucalyptus steam room, Cedar sauna, co-ed infinity pool that overlooked "Liquid" pool party, Co-ed lounge, co-ed Salt room, and Co-ed heated stone beds. In the male and female locker, lounge areas they offer tomato juice, pinapple juice, cranberry juice, water, sprite, ginger ale, tea, and spa lemon cucumber infused water. These are all complementary. I loved having such a variety to choose from!!We used the infinity pool, I never felt so relaxed. We overlooked the Liquid pool party. Although it was loud we felt like we were VIPs! We couldnt imagine being down there in the murky water with a bunch of obnoxious douche bags. We had the cool water, that was CLEAN and CLEAR, and could still enjoy the music and sunshine!The salt room was so amazing. I spent the most time in there. The beds vibrate to the tempo and sounds of the zen spa music. The golden light from the salt rocks filled my imagination with all things that are beautiful. Breathing felt so clear and fresh. A great therapy for my weak lungs. They have a sit down and standup vanity area, facial cleanser, makeup remover, hair spray, mousse, and gel. Shave cream, razors, brushes, combs, and bobby pins are available. They also provide blow dryers, curling irons, and straightners. Shampoo, conditioner and body wash in each shower. Of course, lockers with robes and sandals are distributed. I will be back here for certain. I cant wait to either!
5	I'm a Spa Junkie!  the spa is a pretty penny, but like everything at this hotel it's worth EVERY penny! The Asian Bathhouse Ritual is simply amazing!
4	Pretty good spa. I went for a com stumped massage and came out feeling super refreshed. Very professional staff.
2	In Vegas celebrating my birthday - I decided I wanted a half-day spa treat as a present to myself.Let me start by saying both ladies who provided my spa services were fabulous.  I chose a package which included the Essential Stone Massage and the Gemstone Facial.  The massage was wonderful, one of the best hot stone massages I have had.  It included a lot of nice aromatherapy.  The package also included a Moroccan Hair Oil treatment/scalp massage which was a nice touch.  The facial was really nice although it wasn't explained to me beforehand that it is considered a "relaxation" facial (i.e. no steam or extractions).Now - the rest of why I only gave the spa & salon 2 stars.The appointment desk was quite disorganized.  When I went in to make my appointment, they only had an outdated menu of services.  I had to look up on my phone to find the package that I had previously read about, and then the receptionist asked me what was included!  Spa management needs to correct that ASAP.Inside the spa itself was also a bit disorganized.  There was a lot of "housekeeping" activity going on around the dressing areas and front waiting areas as well as TWO televisions dueling for attention - not conducive to relaxation.  The spa attendants were pleasant although not very explanatory - I was not told there was a separate waiting room inside the co-ed area and only when my massage therapist came looking for me did I realize I had been in the wrong place for 30 minutes.  Nice selection of beverages and fresh fruit in the front area - nothing that I saw in the actual waiting room (once I realized I was supposed to be there) although I may have just missed it.The salt room was unimpressive.  Two of the 6 vibrating chairs seemed to be malfunctioning and my headphones didn't work.  The ambient music in the room was also quite loud.  The whole co-ed thing was a little off-putting for me as well.  As another lady and I tried to relax, Mr. Heavy Breather came in and pretty much killed the atmosphere.I did not try the Ganbanyoku stone beds as when I opened the door, there was a couple in there having a makeout session which made me very uncomfortable.As for the Salon - I was pressured to take an "upgrade" that I didn't really want - and was told it would only be $10 extra - turned out it was $10 for the manicure and $40 for the pedicure.  Salon reception didn't seem willing to do anything about it when I was checking out and pointed out that I was told $10 extra for each service.  Also, the manicure was extremely rushed and performed at the same time as my pedicure (I don't get a lot of mani/pedis so maybe that is the new thing?) - it definitely was not 50 minutes' worth.  The technician also buffed my nails out too thin (which I didn't realize until after) which I have since had to cut shorter.  Would have expected more from a $100 manicure and I didn't even get polish!In contrast, the Red Carpet pedicure, while not the one I initially requested, was very nice and the technician did a good job without making me feel rushed.For the money, the overall experience was not worth it to me.  I have had much better spa/salon experiences at the Spa at Mirage - which is where I will return next time.
3	Maybe I'm just not a "spa" person. I paid the $60 daily use fee for two people and chose this particular spot, because I read that it has the most co-ed areas. Be forewarned, it is a LONG walk from the casino. The staff is very nice, and a lady gave me a tour of the facilities.We tried the heated outdoor pool first. It was quite relaxing, but I wish there was a place to sit by the stronger jets. There is a view of another pool area, but not much else. When it got dark, the water was very hot.The salt room was interesting. When I fist sat down on one of the chairs, it made a terrible racket! Everyone in the room turned and looked at me. It was very embarrassing. Also, there was a lot of trash on the side tables. It was a Monday, and they weren't very busy. I thought there should have been more clean up. Well, the people who go there should also be more respectful and throw away their trash in proper places, but whatever.I thought the music in the room was too loud. My headphones didn't work. Overall, it wasn't really for me.The hot stone room was next. It was actually really hot. And hard. I get that it's a stone, but it was uncomfortable. The other people in the room were sleeping and even snoring, so I guess no one else had a problem with it. I dunno.It was a relaxing day. Maybe if I had scheduled a massage or something, there would have been more things to do. Otherwise, I'd choose to go to the regular pool. If it's the wintertime, it's probably worth it though. Oh, and if you use the gym, it's doubly worth it.
3	Welcoming and pleasant! No services, just spa use age for me to unwind for a couple of hours. Spa attendant was great - took me for a tour and got me acquainted. The gender specific side was mediocre - a eucalyptus steam bath- Which was perfect and included a in room shower to cool off and rinse. The red cedar sauna didn't seem like it was working as it was only mildly warm. Then there are 4 baths for you to soak in. Aside from a lounge area this was it! The other coed rooms were ok however the salt room could be so much more. The vibrating chairs and headsets didn't really work much and after my first attempt and all chairs were in use I returned and got comfy. Not sure if the temp in the room is always relatively cool, but I would of preferred a warmer room to lounge in.
4	Originally written 8/11/11... guess it never posted...Had an 80 minute massage and it was great! Very pampered, wish I had more time to use the rest of the spa facilities!The massage therapist did something to loosen my my wrists that made my arms feel light as a feather.... never had that before!
5	By way of full disclosure, I haven't used the spa & salon services at Aria - just the gym, which I hit daily.  It's got a massive cardio set-up - I'd guess 18 treadmills, another 10 or so cross-trainers, plus about 8 recumbent and stationary bikes - so you never have to wait for a machine.  There's a full circuit of weight machines and a good-sized free weights area too.The gym is one of the primary reasons I stay at the Aria, helping to compensate for its shortcomings in other areas, which I'll address elsewhere.
4	Received a facial and body buff. The front desk was a little disorganized and didn't seem very knowledgeable about the different services. My services were very good, though. The spa itself is huge. I checked in early so that I could use the spa. The salt room and heated stone beds were unique. I liked that I could come back and use the spa till they closed at 8 that night, too. Overall, a very good experience.
5	Amazing! Expensive, but the spa and the massage were amazing and its half coed.
5	Heaven can be purchased for only $30 a day!  Included in the price of the room is access to their wonderful gym with fantastic equipment, towels, lockers and the most delicious apples to snack on.  Add on $30 and you have a full days access to their day spa which provides the following amenities:  hot stones to lay on, salt room, his/her's bathrooms containing ALL of the amenities you need to get ready - hot/dry saunas - plunge pools of different temperatures and FINALLY a coed, heated outdoor pool!  Did I mention that there are unlimited beverages (water, tea, coffee, soda, juices, etc.).  I will stay at Aria in the future just to have access to this place of heavenly relief.
4	For $30, this was an awesome experience. We went the last day we were in Vegas and it was a great way to wrap up the trip. I loved the hot stone beds, eucalyptus steam room, and the view at sunset from the outdoor co-ed heated pool was incredible. Also I wanted to buy/use obscene amounts of the mango coconut lotion they have in the shower/locker room.  We didn't use it but the gym looked impressive- tons of machines that looked new and clean.  After the spa we spent some time in the fireside lounge- it was only a half hour before closing but the guy working turned the fireplace back on for us which was nice.
2	Bellagio by far has the best massages, for the money spent here I would put a little bit more at Bellagio for an amazing massage.
2	I got a classic manicure and pedicure. It's was $165. The manicure was nice, girl was nice. The pedicurest was cold, rushed and ignored my concerns about excess chemicals. She put small cuts on two my toe, its been stinging all day. She wore a necklace that said "who cares". It definetly seemed like she didn't care. Pedicure was not worth a $100. I've had $30 pedicures that were better. Spa was nice, only $30 a day.
5	Birthday treat and oh what a treat!!! Beautiful, relaxing, classy!
1	My husband and I were in Vegas for a wedding and I thought it would be great for him to get a really nice hair cut and a straight razor shave. When we made the appointment we asked specifically for Vinnie because of his great reviews and experience. The receptionist said he wasn't working on Friday but would be there on Saturday. The appointment was scheduled for 10:30. When we arrived the next day for the scheduled appointment the receptionist said Vinnie didn't work on Saturdays. My husband said it was ok to have someone else cut his hair and shave his beard. They told him to sit in the waiting room and they would be right with him. After about 20-30 minutes he went back to the counter and a manager said there was a mix up and they would be ready for him now but the shave would have to wait for another hour. He said that was fine and the manager said the haircut would be on the house. The haircut was great. The woman was very friendly and knew what she was doing. When that was done they had him wait for another person to be available for the shave. After he was done and paid for the shave (remember the hair cut was supposed to be free) he walked over to me. I took one look at his beard and notice right away, it was completely uneven! How could they charge so much for a shave and have it be so uneven?? The woman who shaved him also took off much more of his beard then he wanted. I took him back to the counter and said he needs to have his beard fixed. They said they were busy and he would need to come back this afternoon. I said we have a wedding to go to and couldn't come back. They were able to get him back into the room for the woman to fix it. She shaved even more off but made it mostly even. It still wasn't perfect. One side was straight and the other was curved but it was close enough and she obviously wasn't going to get it right. She was nice and apologized several times but that does't negate the fact that she didn't do her job correctly either time. Now to top this all off they wound up charging the full $110 on the card and refunded only $45!!! Before we left the receptionist apologized again for our experience and offered to refund the shave as well. Apparently they decided he should now pay for the haircut.  We are extremely disappointed in this salon and will never come back.
5	On a scorching hot afternoon at the MGM Grand Pool, my cousin and I unabashedly decided to head to the Spa & Salon at Aria before we both passed out from a combination of heat stroke, lack of food in our systems, and alcohol poisoning. True story. Better to relax in room temperature in the comforts of a spa, we figured, than to bake in the hot sun like an oven-roasted chicken. Aria Spa & Salon is quite literally heaven on earth. In all honesty, Glen Ivy in LA and OC are over-hyped and ain't got nothing on the Aria Spa & Salon. With an eucalyptus steam room, a red cedar sauna room, outdoor co-ed jacuzzi overlooking the Aria pool, 3 indoor jacuzzi's at varying temperatures, hot stone room, Himalayan salt room, various sofa and lounge areas, generously stocked snacks and drinks, and fully serviced bath and locker rooms, Aria Spa is too legit to quit. You don't even need to get personalized services here to feel like a queen (or king, no judgment) for a day! After spending a good 2.5 hours here, it was worth every penny. I would have stayed through the late afternoon, dinner reservation permitting. I've never been to or seen a spa of this caliber for a laughably affordable $30 per day. My favorite rooms were the eucalyptus steam room and the hot stone room. The eucalyptus steam room is this powerful onslaught of aromatic steam. It feels overwhelming at first, but it's simultaneously relaxing and calming and zen. It literally feels like your pores are detoxifying themselves. I went back a handful of times in the span of 2.5 hours. The hot stone room was also incredibly relaxing; I only wish I wasn't so oblivious and realized it existed earlier. It's a quiet abode with 5-6 hot stone (aka granite tile) beds and a Japanese, straw-like pillow. Relaxing spa music plays in the background as you get your sleep on in a quiet state of seclusion and REM cycles. Reader beware that you might wake up hours later not knowing where the time has gone. It's that relaxing. I also appreciated that the shower and bath areas were fully stocked with things like shaving cream, razors, travel toothbrushes, hair brushes, hair sprays, blow dryers, mouth wash, shower caps, and the like. Just to spend a quiet afternoon away from the hustle and bustle of Las Vegas and lounge on the plush beds with the latest article of Vogue and a hot cup of chamomile was a dream come true. My time at Aria Spa was truly a fully inclusive, celebrity spa experience. Next time I go to Vegas, I can (and will!) gladly bypass the over-hyped pool parties, the deafening nightclubs, and the suffocating casinos for a tranquil escape from reality at the Aria Spa. Can you say grandma life? :)
4	I came here for a girls spa afternoon and was impressed with all their offerings. It's definitely the largest spa I've been in! Running out of relaxing things to do is not an option. As you walk through the spa you'll walk right by the very large fitness center. Not my thing at a spa, but I know that is important to a lot of people. They have the typical sauna and steam room offering in the jacuzzi area, while also offering two different temperature jacuzzi's and a cool-down pool. For a little more peace and quite, they have an intimate heated stones room for you to lay down in or a salt room. One thing I wish I would have done was get a personal spa suite with my group. Maybe next time. And of course, I got a wonderful massage - I can't visit a spa without that. But if you just want to use the facilities, it's only $30 for a day pass. An extra bonus: This spa has the softest robes ever! My only complaint: The jacuzzi room feels more like a public pool area and is missing that intimate, peaceful ambiance. Attached to the jacuzzi room is an outdoor pool area on the balcony. This balcony hangs over the day club pool... so anytime anyone walked out there, club music painfully poured into the room. Definitely takes away from the experience.
4	Aria's spa is the place, ideally,if you want to spa with your boyfriend, freely.Coed jacuzzi, get touchy-feely,That's the point of this spa, really.Yep. Aria's the place to go if you want to hit the spa with your opposite-gender friend.I usually opt for Qua at Caesar's for my Vegas spa needs, and would recommend Qua over Aria if you are going alone or with one or two same-sex friends. But this time I decided to switch it up and try the Aria, because, for once, I was actually in Vegas with a dude-friend who wanted to spa it up with me.Aria, if you do your research, has a couple of relatively unique features, namely a few coed areas (including an outdoor jacuzzi which overlooks one of the Aria pools), as well as an option (if each guest is having at least 2 50-minute services) to pay $40 an hour for a private spa suite.We availed ourselves of both. The spa suite was great; photos do not do it justice. I enjoyed the VIP service that comes with that, for a relatively low price on top of the services ($160 for 4 hours, plus tip for your VIP host). The spa suite included:- a shower/locker/get ready room with a small eucalyptus steam sauna- an area with tables for services- a living room area with television, couches & coffee table, and private fridge with beverages as well as hot tea maker- a private jacuzzi The bath was cold when we arrived, which was a problem - our host started running the hot water and said it should heat up quickly, but we had to call her back when it became obvious that it was not making a dent. We drained the tub 2/3 of the way and refilled it while we were having our side-by-side reflexology and massages.The massage, for me, was one of the best I've ever had, and I've had a LOT of massages (I've been seeing the same massage therapist for about 3-4 years now). I had been to Disneyland a couple of days prior, and my quads were extremely tight from all the walking. My therapist at Aria honed in on that very quickly; it was impressive. He also did something with his arm across my spine and outward toward my shoulders that nobody has ever done before. Awesome.One of the cooler things about the spa suite was also that we were able to order lunch from the hotel's room service menu and have it delivered there. Salads, a hot bath for two, CNN... we were happy campers. After the spa suite, I have to say, the service declined pretty rapidly. Already enrobed, I grabbed my clothes and headed upstairs to the main spa. I had to wait quite a while for someone to come along and assign me a locker - so long, in fact, that I gave up and went to grab some spa water while waiting. While I was doing that, of course, another patron walked up and that's when an attendant decided to show up. So she ends up giving this other patron the whole spa tour while I'm still standing there holding my clothes. Urgh.My suggestion would be for the VIP spa hosts to help with the transition into the regular spa, at least as far as getting a locker and taking your things upstairs.Once that was all over, though, things improved rapidly again: I enjoyed the peaceful vibrations of the salt room while my companion went back to the Bellagio to retrieve a swimsuit. Upon his return, we probably spent the better part of an hour, maybe 2, enjoying the heck out of the outdoor jacuzzi together. On a Tuesday afternoon, there were only 4 people out there, including us. If I go back with a suitable companion, I think I'll definitely be availing myself of all these things again. I'd love to go in winter, when that jacuzzi will be open during sunset and the evening hours. I'd give the whole thing 5 stars if it weren't for the bad service at the upstairs spa desk. Overall, if you're like me and looking for the best coed spa experience, I'd recommend Aria.
5	Well worth the $30 for day use of the facilities ($40 if you are not staying at the hotel - still worth it). If you have a few hours to kill or need a post partying detox, this is the place to do it.  The amenities are great - eucalyptus steam room, sauna, 3 spa tubs (hot, warm, cold) and plenty of lounge chairs to lay and read. The shared facilities are also very nice - the hot stone beds are hard enough that I was not going to do more than doze, but felt great. The salt room was also relaxing, although the music was a tad on the loud side. You can ask them to tone it down. The coed outdoor spa pool is great - it looks right down on the Liquid pool lounge so you can people watch and listed to some thumpin' music, if you are so inclined.The spa is also stocked with plenty of complimentary water, tea, coffee, soft drinks, fruit, and trail mix. Showers were fine and well stocked with toiletries. The sink and makeup area is also well stocked with necessary toiletries. Definitely a must do, especially if you have to do a Vegas detox.I also got a pedicure at the salon, and it was the most posh and relaxing pedi I have ever had! My feet had been sadly abused with all the walking, but after my pedicure I toddled off to the sauna feeling like a million bucks.
4	Superb facilities! You feel like you're in another world when you step into the Aria spa.  I didn't have any experience in the Salon so this review is mainly for the spa. I was pondering just getting the $30 day access (since I was an Aria guest), but i splurged for a massage as well--a hot stone massage will run you about $180. For the day access, they'll give you a wristband so you can use the facilities till 8pm if you choose.Things I liked about the spa:-Sleek, minimalistic/modern facilities -Easy check-in-Professional and friendly staff that give you your space when you want it-lockers with codes you can setup yourself-spacious stalls in the restrooms and separate changing rooms/shower areas-complimentary sodas, juices, water, coffee, etc-Hot Stone Bed Room: this was different than i thought it would be. There are about 6 beds total in this room. The "beds" are actually just platforms with tiles that heat up when you lie on them. So you're essentially lying down on hard ground and using a bamboo mat as a pillow. Not as relaxing as I anticipated. -Himalayan Salt Room: room with walls made of sea salt--you sit in lounge chairs that resonate and vibrate to the music that's playing. Each lounge chair comes with it's own set of headphone so you can get really lost in the music. This room is purposefully cold, i didn't see a noticeable difference in my mood or health, but it was kind of neat to experience. -Eucalyptus Steam room: This was fabulous....and they pump so much steam into the room so you can't see 5 feet in front of you. And you leave feeling like you got rid of all the toxins in your system. (Unisex only)-Sauna Cedar room: I didn't get to try this one, but have heard good things. -Three different jacuzzis with varying temps outside the steam rooms. (Unisex only)-Plenty of lounge chairs -Separate co-ed area which i didn't try out
4	I visited this spa when I was last in Las Vegas and found it a very restful place to detox. Cons:-Spa access fee is waived for spa services, however, these services do not include most treatments- manicure, haircut, many skin treatments, etc. I thought this was so annoying because I would have paid a lot more if this worked for a service I wanted.-The interior is super minimalist- it's beautiful, but my critique would have been that the inclusion of more large scale plants or sculptures would have enhanced the aesthetics. -The spa is located adjacent to the pool party, so you can hear the rumble through the glass in certain parts of the spa. - The heated slabs in meditation room 1 were a nice idea, however rather uncomfortable, I definitely prefer the heated stone loungers at the Wynn Spa. Pro's:-The staff is so welcoming and unpretentious, patiently answering all of my questions.- The spa is immaculate and clean, top of the line. - The interior is mostly grey granite and minimalist in style, a complete relief from the smoke, noise and obnoxious carpeting at the casinos. - The eucalyptus in the steam room really helped my respiratory system and allergies. - Complementary beverages, fruit, snacks- Access is only $30 for the day! I'll go more often next time!- Two meditation rooms- one with salt crystal lamps where music is pumped through the lounge chairs and headphones, mesmerizing. The other mentioned above.
5	Best massage I've received in a LONG time!! So worth the $180 plus $35 tip I dished out for a Hot Stone Massage. I'd suggest you make an appointment at least a week in advance for a massage. I did call to reschedule the time of my massage to later the same day about 3 days prior and they were able to accommodate me. They do ask you to show up about 30 minutes prior to the massage,but I was running late and showed up about 15 minutes prior and it was fine. You are given a robe and special spa sandals to wear during the spa experience. You are taken to the "zen" room prior to the massage. Very relaxing!My massage was wonderful. My therapist knew just what to do and she incorporated the hot stones at just the right time. She had good pressure throughout the massage too, didn't talk to me much through the massage and even went about 5 minutes over my allotted 50 minute time. Love, love, love!With a massage, you get access to the spa as well, which includes a pool, Jacuzzi, and a few relaxing rooms. You also get complimentary drinks (coffee, water and soda) if your heart desires.I visited one of the relaxation rooms and took a water and soda and was happy. Overall, I'd highly recommend this spa. It was wonderful!!Cheers!
4	Great place to go relax and detox from all the drinking and eating I did the night before.  The spa is beautiful! Love the hot stone bed to soothe my aching body! Thank you Aria Spa.
4	Co-ed lukewarm pool area but there are few seating areas.  One of the few places in Las Vegas that have a co-ed spa pool.  This was a big plus.Small and not as spacious as Qua or Spa Mandalay. Lighting is bright.  Juices, sodas, fruit, and pretzels.  My massage was just ok.  I would return with my husband on a non-weekend day just to enjoy the co-ed pool.  Other than that, I probably would visit the other spas first.Check out my reviews on other Las Vegas spa locations.
5	Wow!  I just had the best massage ever! We were able to make an appt. for 3 massages on the same day.  If you get a facial or massage there, you can use their facility all day from 5:30 a.m. to 8 p.m.  It includes the co-ed pool, sauna, steam room, hot-stone room, Himalayan salt room and jacuzzi. The salt room had REALLY loud music though, which I wasn't really expecting in such a relaxing environment.I had the specialty massage by Kara and she was great!  The pressure was perfect and they customize it to your needs.  The facility is really clean and they have a lot of amenities for you while you're there.  Everyone from the front desk to the people picking up the towels are extremely friendly and they always have a smile on their face.  I will definitely go back the next time I'm in Vegas!
5	I came in on a very short notice to get a men's haircut. The receptionist was friendly but kinda ignorant at the same time. I was surprised how good my haircut looks like when it was done. I didn't communicate with my stylist much but she managed to get me an awesome haircut for my Asian hair. She is very professional and efficient. It was about 30 mins and the result looked better than some 1 hour haircuts I've had. Maybe I should come back to Vegas for haircut every month from now.By the way, ask for orange juice and see how cute the cup with the word "Aria" looks like when it's filled up full.
3	I was a guest at the Aria and had a Monday to myself. So I decided to get a very basic facial and check out the spa. My facialist was great, very gentle, used the right products for my sensitive, combination skin. I would have a liked maybe more explanation of what she was doing, but on the other hand, I think she sensed I'm not much for small talk and the few times she spoke were very soothing. No extractions, but I suppose that's to be expected for 25 minutes (which btw, was ~$150 including tip). I would go back to see her (named Hope) for a longer facial with extractions if I felt like $$$plurging, but not sure the rest of the spa is worth it. Spa fee is included with a service and I spent about 4 hours there. I'm germaphobic, so the hot tubs are out. They looked perfectly nice (if you're not germaphobic) and were not crowded because it was a weekday. The steam room was insanely steamy and hot, eucalyptus-scented, too much for me for more than literally 90 seconds, but perhaps good for others. Sauna was perfect, except a door that didn't quite close properly (isn't this a new spa?). As mentioned in other reviews, women's locker room is a bit maze-like and not terribly relaxing. So far, we're at like 4-4.5 stars. Nothing terrible, right? Here's why I gave it only 3 stars: the lounge areas and special rooms (heat rock, salt room) are simply not relaxing. The couches and chairs in the lounge areas (women's and co-ed) are NOT comfortable. Furthermore, there's a lot of traffic and talking (by staff e.g. checking people in, not the other guests), so you don't feel like you're hanging out in a special comfortable "nook", you just feel like you're in a waiting room. Seriously, I need to repeat how uncomfortable those couches were -- ridiculous! The stone slab rooms are co-ed, so I didn't want to disrobe, but I wish I had brought two towels, one for my head (there's unsanitary bamboo thing to rest your head on) and one for a bit more cushioning (personal preference). The salt room is way too bright, way too loud (with "zen" music-- I noticed some people had headphones, maybe to drown it out), and the chairs appeared to be non-adjustable, so I just couldn't relax.Finally, I grabbed a light-reading magazine and a diet Coke (it's a bad sign when you want caffeine in a spa) and sat in the women's lounge to read. I could have accomplished the same level of "relaxation" in my room. Though I liked my room at the Aria, next time I'm in Vegas, I'll go somewhere else for the spa.
5	Heavenly.I stayed a long, 4-day weekend at Aria this past weekend and spent 2 mornings here at the spa. I didn't receive any services, just paid the $30 fee for a day pass for access to the spa amenities. Worth every penny and then some.The Good:- Warm, friendly staff who were extremely helpful and eager to do whatever they could to make my amazing experience even better.- Robes, slippers, and lockers.- Unlimited snacks and non-alcoholic beverages, such as honey-roasted peanuts, pretzels, apples, bananas, sodas, juices, infused waters, bottled water, coffee, and tea.- Hot, warm, and cold jacuzzis.- The eucalyptus steam room was huge and quite beautiful the way the lights dimly glowed in the steamy mist.- You'd think the heated, stone beds would be uncomfortably hard, but I fell asleep on them...twice. Oops, we were warned not to nap on them for safety reasons.- Gorgeous coed infinite pool on the balcony overlooking Liquid, the day club. The water was the perfect temperature and you get to enjoy observing the day club scene without having to deal with the obnoxiousness of being IN it.- Private dressing room for those who are a little more modest.- All the amenities you need in case you forgot a few things: toothbrushes, toothpaste, q-tips, razors, shaving cream, moisturizer, curling irons, hairdryers, hairbrushes...and much more.- Clean! Clean! Clean!- I loved the vanity room, so much nicer and more comfortable to get ready in than my hotel room bathroom.Needs Improvement:- Maybe more snack variety? They wouldn't have to change much...maybe add some granola bars or trail mix.- The salt room didn't do anything for me and sometimes, there was static in the headphones.Overall, my experience was pretty epic. The Aria Spa was like the posh spas that I've had a chance to visit in San Francisco...except 10x bigger and better. I arrived between 9am-10am on both mornings and spent at least 6 hours here on both occassions. It was the perfect place to crash since we had a late flight out of McCarran on our last day. I convinced my sisters and friends to come with me on our last morning. Everyone agreed that it was the highlight of the trip!
5	Love this spa. I think it's the best in Vegas. We also had our hair done in the salon. The prices for color are actually decent. They did a fantastic job.
3	I would give this spa 3.5 stars. First, I'd like to say that some of you are missing out. This spa really isn't that big at all. But it is newer and very clean. Although despite being a newer spa, the lockers don't work well. They are battery operating key pad locks and my friend went through 3 locker changes before she found one that worked. The woman on the staff helping us claimed that it was the humidity. No, she wasn't joking she was absolutely serious when she said that. I've been in enough gyms in my time that when battery operating locks don't work it's usually because they need a new battery, not because of the weather!I spent about 7 hours here with a friend, while it was relaxing I was glad I had my iPod with me because the bass thumping from one of the pools outside the spa in the Aria hotel at times overpowered the new age spa music, even with the doors closed.It's a very tranquil environment  and there were plenty of fresh fruit, teas/juice/sodas, and snacks to be had. The vanity area had some nice amenities and items to use in the event you forgot something. However, this place isn't very big. There's only 4 toilets and maybe 6 showers. My friend said she had to wait for a shower to open up and we were there in low season (August). If this place were crowded it would not be very relaxing. For that reason alone I wouldn't ever suggest paying more than $30 for a day pass.I did get a massage, my first Ashiatsu, which was amazeballs. I'm blanking on the guy who did my treatment but he was fantastic. Expensive but well worth it, I would definitely do this again.The honey roasted peanuts in the snack jars were tasty.
5	Christina Gauthier - Stylist She is a Stylist. Very professional and serious about her craft.  I was very happy with the look she gave me.  My wife loved it too. (A big Pro)If you ever need a stylist and you're in Vegas now you know where and who to see.Thank you, Christina.You're the best...
2	This review is for the salon only.  Based on my experience at the salon, I cancelled my spa appointment the following day, if that tells you anything.I was greeted promptly.  The space is beautiful and open.  I was seated in a waiting area (it would be pushing it to call it a lounge) where they also have product displays.  They sell some great brands, like Kerastase and By Terry.  No offer of water, coffee, or adult beverages for my wait.  Minus one star.  I waited 15 minutes past my appointment time (minus two stars) and finally flagged down someone to see what the deal was.  No explanation was ever given, but they did light a fire under someone because I was taken back shortly thereafter by an assistant.I declined the upsell for a deep treatment, as I'd just done a Kerastase treatment a few days earlier.  The shampoo and massage were very nice, and the products were good.The stylist talked with me about the look I wanted and did a very professional job giving me great smooth and bouncy hair, just the way I like it in Vegas.  It wasn't the best blowout of my life, but it was definitely a 4 out of 5 of what I have had at the swanky Vegas salons.  The cost was $95 for shoulder-length hair, which was more than I paid next door at Cosmo a few months ago when my hair was about 6" longer.  Also more than I paid at Bellagio a few months before that, again on longer hair.  This was just a blowout, too.  No curling iron or flat iron as I'd had at Cosmo and Bellagio.  The cost annoyed me (minus three stars), but as I had not asked for a quote ahead of time, I paid the bill and didn't complain.The look lasted three nights of Vegas.  It deflated a little, as you would expect, but nothing that was beyond rescue with a little dry shampoo and backcombing.A friend also had a blowout, and her hair looked good.  She, too, said the price was higher than she was used to in Vegas.  She at least got hot tools.  Another friend had her makeup done, and although we didn't discuss what she thought about the reasonableness of the cost ($75), she looked very nice.The only reason I might go back would be if I were staying on property.  I'd probably walk over to Cosmo or Bellagio, though, where I'd be seen promptly, offered something to drink, and have a slightly less crazy bill.  As I mentioned, I was underwhelmed enough by the salon that I decided to cancel my massage the next day and leave the $$ in the casino instead.  I think it was a good call.
2	This review is  for the salon only i found it extrimely over price for a blowout and some curls that took about 35 minutes the charged the ridiculous amount of $ 150.00 dllsThe hair stylist was professional but i will never get the service again.
4	I came here for a couples massage with the boyfriend for our anniversary. The spa is small, but very clean and modern like the rest of the hotel. they use very earthy neutral colors and play relaxing music. Facility:       Using the facility as a couple, we had little options for the coed facilities. There is a salt room, hot stone bed room, an outdoor Jacuzzi and a waiting area for the spa services. The steam room and sauna are separated for men and women. This would be no problem of course, if you were in a group of all women or all men.       There were lots of products in the women's area, like there should be at any good spa. There were plenty of clean towels, brushes, combs, shower caps, band aids, mouthwash/toothbrush, hair dryer, hair products, bath products. I had everything I needed.       I do wish there were more options for snack. There was plenty to drink, but they only had nuts, pretzels, apples and bananas. Massage:      The 50 minute couples massage was nice, but felt short. We were called in at 3:10 and they finished around 3:53pm when we came out to look at the clock. It was more like a 45 minute massage.      My guy was firm, but was able to relax my muscles. Next time I will have to do a longer treatment. Overall, this is a good facility and is a great place to relax.
4	My husband and I spent the morning of our wedding at the Aria spa. We booked a couples massage and spent an additional hour enjoying the facilities.The facilities are great. There is a plethora of amenities, so you really don't need to worry about brining much with you. The lotions smell fantastic! Upon entering, I was given a tour of the women's facilities, a locker, a robe and slippers. We had our massages at eleven and it was quiet when we arrived. However, it quickly filled up. We wish that we had booked an earlier time or had arrived earlier to use the other areas of the spa first. We skipped a lot because of the crowds.Our massage was done in the same room, with us each having a therapist. It was a very good massage and I liked the blackberry-sage oil used for aromatherapy. The massage felt great and the two therapist did a solid job. However, compared to other places, this was a pricy experience. With tip, it was about five hundred for the two of us for fifty minutes. I've had better or just as good massages for 1/2 the price. This was my husbands first massage and he just couldn't justify the price. We would likely return to the spa to use the general facilities. The spa pass is a great value and you can having an very relaxing day just using what is included in the pass. It's a great deal.We really liked the robes and bought a pair in the spa gift shop. We had a weird experience with an employee named Crystal, who was a bit cold when she failed to up-sell us on products. This was the only negative employee experience at Aria.On a side note, we got married in the Fireside Lounge and as we were waiting for our ceremony to begin, our wedding coordinator put us in one of the private spa lounges. This was amazing! Apparently, they are very hard to book and basically reserved for special clients. It was a huge room with a giant spa, a lounge area and massage tables. It was cool to see it!
3	Hubby and I were excited to try the facilities at the Aria spa since it's co-ed.For $30, you get:  robe and slippers; lockers; separate shower areas with amenities such as lotion, mouthwash, blow dryer, etc.; co-ed lounge with water and tea (where you wait for your treatments); separate lounges with juice, water, tea, nuts and soft drinks; separate wet areas:  sauna, steam room, and whirlpool; co-ed infinity whirlpool; co-ed salt room; co-ed hot stone beds.That's all great.  The problems are:  all of the areas are small.  There are a total of 4-6 loungers in both the separate wet areas and 6 loungers at the pool.  There are only 5 or 6 stone beds and 4 in the salt room (which is lame BTW--we skipped it entirely since all you do is sit in a chair).  So if you are there at a crowded time, the odds of you getting any lounging time with your spouse other than in the large lounge were everyone waits for their treatments, is slim.  Also everyone is talking, visiting, etc.--the only real quiet, dark, relaxing room is the one with the stone beds (which we never even got to use since they were always taken).So, meh, I'd rather go to a nicer spa like Encore where I can actually relax.  No, I can't be with my spouse, but I can't do that at Aria either.
4	Unbelievable spa! Ask for Nessa...she is great. Also, many ammenities to enjoy such as steam rooms, hot/cold tubs, salt room. Get there early and stay late. Totally worth the big bucks!
4	I spent a good 4 hours in this spa with some friends. It was worth every dollar of the $30 we spent per person! As soon as we walked in, there were cozy sofas, complimentary drinks and snacks, and a fire place for some relaxation. As you go in more, there are a ton of lockers to place your belongings. After we changed, we went into the hot rocks room, which is exactly what it sounds like lol. You lay down on a piece of hot rock :) Then, we went into the Himalayan salt room. This was soooo relaxing. I think I took 2 naps in here! And then, we went off to the jacuzzi outside, which overlooks the Aria day club. This was a bit loud, so I recommend just going to the indoor jacuzzi if you want some peace and quiet :) And we finished the day off with some sauna time. Overall very pleased with my experience here and will be coming back soon!
4	Fitness Center:On the Promenade floor. Inside the Spa & Salon. All the machines are high quality. The staffs are super friendly. They greet you with towel and water. There are free lockers to keep your personal belongs. There is seating area right outside the Fitness Center. Nice fireplace, comfortable couch and cucumber mint water served on the counter.
4	What a wonderful place! I received the hot stone massage for 50 minutes and my oh my, I was in heaven!! My masseuse placed flowers from Hawaii on the floor so I would at least have something decent to look at, and not just the floor. After my 50 minute session, I lounged in the Himalayan salt room where they have comfy chairs that hum to the music. Right across, there's a hot stone bed room and you can lie there (preferably for 15 minutes) and relax. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, and I even received a personal tour!
5	AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH, That was relaxing.  Loved the salt room, I'd been having some respiratory problems over the past year and sitting in this room certainly helped.  Wish I could have brought it home with me.The outdoor therapy pool was great too, nice views and co-ed, as were many of the facilities (Salt Room, Hot Stone Room) which is nice because my husband and I rarely get to enjoy a spa experience together.I even talked my hubby into a couples mani-pedi which to his surprise he really enjoyed. The manicurist was great and made him feel comfortable and relaxed.It would have been extra nice if the front desk clerk had kept her mouth shut about the price in front of my hubby since it was a present and had taken the reservation correctly in the first place. But even given the sub-par receptionist the services and the professional staff deserve more than 5 stars.  I would suggest if you are doing a special day or group that you check in with them the day before to make sure your reservations are correct and the front desk doesn't ruin anything since they lack class and etiquette.
4	I've been to this spa 4 times. Last Sat., Jan. 25th was my most recent visit. This spa is large and has all the bells and whistles you expect at a high end spa. The best thing and sets itself apart a bit from some other strip spas, is it has a outdoor coed spa pool with 6 lounge chairs that overlooks Liquid (Aria's club pool).My massage therapist Deanna rocked. She definitely knows her trade. This place is pricey, a 80 min. was $255 not including tip, so be prepared.There are definite downsides to going on a Friday and especially Saturdays. This placed was packed when we went. People everywhere. And since it was a beautiful sunny day, everyone wanted to be outside. There are only 6 lounges and the spa pool is smaller (not a regular strip pool). People were saving the lounges and they disappeared for an hour or so here and there to get their treatments and maybe even leave the spa to have lunch, very annoying.
4	$30 for an all day pass at the spa at ARIA. IT was relaxing and plenty of things you can do. Personally I can only do 3 hrs at most at a SPA but it's still nice to have it as an all day pass. I really like the environment of the spa...not to mention that it is my first time at one. They have many things you can do from steam room , sauna, outside heat pool, four jacuzzi with different temperature, salt bed room, showers, a nice locker, and nice snacks you can munch on. I personally would recommend it to anybody who would want to go to a spa. The one thing that did bug me was people that went commando(no offense but usually those old people...)That was probably the most disturbing for me....but it was really relaxing. I really love the view from the outside pool( a winner for me).
5	This review is for the PRIVATE SPA SUITE at Aria. We just got back from our trip to Aria and have never had a more enjoyable spa experience. To get a spa suite, you must schedule a minimum of 2 spa treatments per person in addition to a $40/hour fee for the suite itself. It was completely worth it! We arrived at the spa and taken to a private entrance specifically for all the spa suites. There we met our personal spa attendant, who showed us to the suite, explained how everything worked as well as would always check in on us throughout our treatments. The spa suite had so many amenities. We had our own personal bathroom, complete with toiletries as well as an amazing steam shower. In addition, we had our own fridge with beverages, fruit, teas and coffee as well as a private jacuzzi. Our spa attendant was very nice and helpful. She checked in on us between treatments as well as once everything was all done. I've uploaded a lot of photos of the suite to show what it's like as well as it's amenities. This review is for the actual spa itself. We typically go to Qua at Caesars because we've always loved how nice it is in terms of value. We stayed at Aria and decided to try their spa. It doesn't have as much to offer as Qua but is still nice. They have a nice sitting room with teas. However, the spa itself was not as impressive. They have 4 square pools that range in temperature from a hot jacuzzi, to a tepid pool, to a cold water pool. They also have a wood sauna and a steam room. The spa is separated by gender and it is up to you whether to wear a swimsuit or go nude. They do have a coed pool that overlooks the Aria day club, LIQUID. Also coed, is a stone bed room and a salt room with lounge chairs. Overall, it is a nice spa for the price of $30 for a day pass.We could only remember these two people there but they were fantastic!Randi (aesthetician)Melissa (spa attendant)
3	We went to the spa the last dy of our stay. We ourchased the day ticket around 10am( checkout is at 11am) and they still applied the hotel guest price. The facility is nice, but smaller areas were shared (coed) than i was expecting. There is a outdoor heated pool,and the salt room to be shared, but they are kind of far apart, and you need to go through men/women's rooms to get to one another.Jaccuzi and sauna in seperate areas were nice and relaxing, and i got to enjoy myself as there were not that many people there on sunday afternoon.However, while me and my boyfriend attempted to enjoy the outdoor pool together, there constantly was giant noise of construction just across the street. I was mainly surprised that the receptionists didnt inform us about such discomfort. If you are planning a trip soon, and is thinking about aria spa because you are hoping for a relaxing time with your partner, ask them and make sure if construction is done. It seemed like a long way to go until its gets fjnished, and relaxation was definitely bothered by noise.
5	Called several weeks before our valentine's weekend in LV. My husband and I wanted to do several treatments here but were told we could only get a couples massage together. After some discussion we were told about the private suites for $40 an hour (min 3 hour) plus at least 2 spa treatments. We booked this for Sunday morning before we were set to fly out. We were taken back to the private suite right on time by the suite attendant (Melissa) who explained all the suite amenities - whirlpool, eucalyptus steam shower, drinks, magazines, fresh fruit, a sitting area, TV, music, robes and everything you needed to get fresh and clean after your spa treatments. This was absolutely worth the extra money for the suite - without a doubt! We got hot stone massages and facials - both of which were good. My husband didn't really want the hot stones (it came in the package we selected) and that request was easily honored. After our treatments we had about 45 min left to relax in the suite which was nice instead of having to rush out the door. We were glad that we had the option to use the suite so we could get the treatments together which was our whole goal. We didn't get to use the other parts of the spa given time constraints but the gym area did look nice (it was super busy) and had too notch equipment. We will definitely use this spa again and will likely splurge for the suite again!
3	We did not receive any services here but we bought an all day spa pass for $30 each. It was a nice "get- away" and worth the price in my opinion. Certainly a few steps above the quality of the rest of the resort.
4	I was in much need of some relaxation time,  so I ventured off to The Spa at Aria.  It's located right next to the pool on the second level promenade.  As you walk in, there is a shop where you can purchase lotions, bathing suits and a lot of other overpriced spa-ish amenities. Admission to The Spa is $30 for hotel guests and $40 for non-hotel guests,  so you can still enjoy a day of luxurious relaxation even though you're staying at Circus-Circus.  I was given a wristband, and as I walked down the hall I got a glimpse of their workout facilities.  The gym was large, clean, didn't smell like a wet sock, and had the shiniest gym equipment I have ever seen..... This wasn't your typical 24 hour fitness.  The gym also came complete with complimentary bottles of water and towels.  Across the way was a lounge area for people to sit down and check their e-mails in-between dumbbell curls.  No gym for me though,  I was here for pure spa bliss only,  and I wasn't left disappointed.  As I walked in, I was greeted by the most luxurious men's lounge.....I was able to sip green tea, eat a banana and watch some Winter Olympics.... Heaven! The lounge comes complete with magazines, newspapers, bananas, oranges, apples, sodas, fruit juice, pretzels & peanuts.  They lay out the red carpet for you and the spa had so much food, you didn't even have to leave for lunch. The rainfall showers came stocked with mandarin shampoo, conditioner and body wash. In the bathroom there was razors, shaving creams, toothbrushes, and basically any hair product you can imagine.  There were also multiple scents of lotion, incase you're a picky gentleman. Lockers came complete with robes and the attendant gives you a pair of sandals to walk around in.  Aria has 4 jacuzzis and they are all different temperatures with one of them being a cold plunge.  There were 3 lounge chairs that you could recline all the way down and actually sleep on.  I took a 3 hour nap in one of them.... Which got me thinking... If I ever needed a place to sleep, I could always come to the spa, no resort fees here! The loveliest of lavender scents perfumed the steam room and the sauna was hot and uncomfortable.... When is a sauna ever comfortable? Sorry, I hate saunas. Outside was a co-ed swimming area, so don't forget your bathing suit when going outside, no skinny dipping in this pool!Down the hall from the men's lounge was a salt room that had comfortable chairs and serene music.... Also, across from the salt room were some hot stone beds that made my back feel like a million bucks.  There was also another lounge to relax in...... How many lounges does one spa need???I spent the whole day here and left feeling relaxed and ready to take on the world again.  I think The Spa at Aria is a place you must go to if you feel like you need a day to yourself to just relax.  Admission is free with purchase of a massage or facial,  those are very pricy though.  But, if it's anything like their facilities, I'm sure it would be worth every penny.
1	My husband booked a spa package through the Aria hotel website.  Big mistake! The spa package included our own private spa suite with massages, facials and use of the private jacuzzi in the room.  The spa suite, the attendant, esthetician and massage therapists were all fantastic.  My bad rating reflects the poor handling of our credit card, which is serious.After the treatment, my husband looks over our invoice for the treatments we received.  The spa charged us for an additional package even though we had already paid for that package when we booked our hotel stay.  I understand that mistakes happen but isn't it the spa's responsibility to communicate with the hotel so this sort of thing doesn't happen?  Back to my experience:  After a long while waiting in the front spa reception area, the spa manager came out and explained what had happened.  Our hunch was right and we were overcharged.  The manager was nice but she started out the conversation by telling us to ignore the charges.  Ok, so you want us to ignore thousands of dollars potentially being charged on our credit card?  I know what she was implying but you do not say that to a client who is potentially getting overcharged by a lot!  In the end, the spa manager assured us that everything would be credited back.We had a suspicion that this wasn't being handled properly so we look on our credit card account.  Guess what?  We have thousands of dollars charged on our credit card, except the charges don't even add up to the original credits and debits we were assured we'd see.  Someone needs to resolve this ASAP because we already wasted 1 hour at the spa sorting this out and another 2 hours today.   For all the relaxation they are selling, this has caused more stress.We're getting nowhere with the spa at this point.  We call the front desk at the hotel itself and they are no better.  We're waiting for the charges to credit back as they instructed.  I'm not confident in anyone's ability to figure out this mess!  I'm going to check back here on Yelp to see how everything gets resolved but until then it's a 1-star experience.  I would not recommend this spa or hotel.  Do not book this spa package and if you do, beware.  I would highly recommend auditing your bill after all treatments!
4	My first impression of the Aria Spa?  It felt like a glorified 24 Hour Fitness locker room. This impression was especially magnified after checking in, paying my entrance dues, and walking past the *enormous* glass-enclosed gym facility.Most of the apprehension melted away once I reached the spa itself, which is contemporary and airy -- in keeping with the general aesthetic of the Aria itself.  After entering and changing into a cozy robe and sandals, I had lots of space all to myself.  The common areas of the Aria Spa have all the usual accoutrements.  Hot tubs?  Check.  Sauna?  Check.  Steam room?  Of course.  And let's not forget the abundant water bottles, juices, fresh fruit, and other goodies.None of it was particularly soothing.  Unlike other Vegas spas, the wet areas of the Aria Spa feel very spare and utilitarian (again, more like a gym).  It also bothered me that it was very bright in there, which wasn't relaxing at all. Of course, the real reason I was there was to enjoy a 50-minute "signature therapeutic massage".  I'm not much of a massage connoisseur, but I really enjoyed this one.  The pressure was intense, but not uncomfortably so.  I felt like a nicely tenderized piece of meat when it was done, and I wouldn't have it any other way.A unique aspect of the Aria Spa is the coed outdoor patio and hot tub, with a panorama overlooking the sprawling Aria pool areas.  If the near-silence of the spa interior is just too much sensory deprivation for you to handle, just hop outside and enjoy the ooontz-ooontz-ooontz of Liquid Dayclub from a safe distance.  Don't forget your swimsuit, though, since the coed spaces -- unlike the interior areas of the spa -- are definitely *not* clothing-optional.All in all, it was a fairly enjoyable few hours spent here!
5	My favorite coed spa ever! We travel a lot but I'm always happy to hang out in a great amenities aria spa provides to the guests. Salt room and stone room, beautiful lounge, outdoor pool area are gorgeous and you can enjoy all of it with your better half! Great way to get away from the craziness of Las Vegas.
4	This review is for the spa facilities only since I didn't get a treatment while I was there. I got the day pass and relaxed for a couple of hours. I enjoyed the hot tub and the complimentary snacks but my favorite part was the shio salt room where I zoned out for a while with the headphones on in the comfy chair. I love salt rock for its negative ionic properties. I already use a small lamp at home to get the detoxifying effects but being in a whole room made of ionic salt was amazingly refreshing. That was pretty cool :)
5	I absolutely love that the co ed area has so many options. Perfect couples spa day!
5	This place was really nice. I really enjoyed the meditation rooms especially the one with the stone beds. Since that room is for both genders you have to wear a robe or swim suit so you can't take the full effect, but I recommend wearing a swim suit so you can have more exposed skin on the rocks. I didn't really notice anything about the salt room, just seemed like a room with music playing. Some people had head phones but they were out of clean ones so I was unable to see what that was about. My girlfriend talked me into getting my first mani/pedi which was a great first experience. The two technicians were very friendly and professional and made sure to explain everything to me since it was my first one. I also got a Thai massage with some kind of scent and oil infused ball they use in the massage. It was very nice, just wanted to try something different than your ordinary massage. It was pretty similar but the ball felt good being kneaded into your back and whatnot.  I would definitely go back here again.
2	**SPA FACILITIES REVIEW ONLY**Lets begin with how my girlfriend and I ended up here. Long story short, during our second day in Vegas, we went to Qua Bath & Spa at Caesars Palace for a massage & spa day. We had such a good time, we went back to enjoy just the facilities since they were soooo nice. However, when we arrived, we found out that the day pass for the facility had gone up to $100 per person. They were REALLY nice, but not $100/person nice... ) you might as well get a $100-$150 treatment). We learned that Aria's spa pass was only $40 for non hotel guests, so we decided to check out their facilities...So here we are at the Aria and the front desk person charged us the hotel guest price of $30. Awesome! We go our separate ways, and through the gateway to relaxation...PROS:- Plenty of free beverage options (coffee, tea, various juices, water, etc)- Nice robe and locker- Co-ed pool was a nice meet up spot for you and your opposite-sex significant other- The room with the hot slab of stone to lay on (also co-ed)- Steam room and cedar dry sauna- Showers, plenty of hair products, razors, toothbrush, whatever you need to freshen up- Jacuzzis were niceCONS- The only bad thing about the place is... it's not as aesthetically pleasing as other spas like the Drift Spa at the Palms or Qua at Caesars. This is a no frills type of place.... nothing will make you go "ooooooh" and "aaaaahhhhhh". You get what you pay for (which isn't anything to complain about)... it's just when you're fresh from another spa facility that was FREAKIN AMAZING, it makes places like this seem kinda plain. Dont get me wrong, the Jacuzzis and saunas will melt away any stress you build up from the Vegas Strip. If all you're looking for is a hot tub, steam room, and sauna.. you can't beat $30. If you're going to drop $150-250 on a treatment, you're better off going to another spa that has much more enjoyable amenities and a better facility to enjoy before & after treatments.
5	I got an amazing 80min signature massage from Deanna yesterday. She was great! The spa is gorgeous as well.
5	My friend and I got the Fujian Spa package and it was amazing! I got the salt rub first and then the message and scalp message. I loved how quiet the rooms were and the peaceful music that was played. When you get a spa treatment, you get access to the spa the entire day. There is a great infinity pool that overlooks club Liquid. There are also three hot spas with varying heat, a cedar sauna, and a eucalyptus steam sauna. They also offer fully equipped showers, makeup area, and snacks for your visit. This is one of the best spas that I have ever been to and I'll definitely be back!
4	***3.5 stars***I booked a couples massage (aromatherapy) for my BF and I. We needed this after stressing about work and life. It's our annual massage!The spa is located on the second floor of Aria (take the escalators). The decor of the lobby is really white, serene, and clean. There's also the salon to the right side. At the desk is where you pay for the entrance fee or any services you booked. Then, you're directed to the elevators that will take you to the spa. Before reaching the elevators, there's a lounge to the right with snacks/beverages, couches, and a fireplace. On the left, there's the gym.Once the elevators take you up to the spa, there's the women's locker room to the left and the men's locker room to the right. The doors open automatically BTW. Your spa host will greet you, explain everything, assign you a locker, and give you a tour. Everyone gets a robe and slippers.The women's locker room is so nice! Their showers, sauna, steam room, hot & cold Jacuzzi, bathroom, and makeup areas are all fancy! The hot & cold Jacuzzi was my favorite! There's three Jacuzzi- super hot, warm, and cold. The place is decorated with purple orchids. The bathroom area has all the amenities- cotton balls, q-tips, toothbrush, blow dryer, curling iron, etc. Towels are placed everywhere too! There are complimentary beverages and fruits at the locker room lounge and co-ed lounge.Once you exit the women's locker, there's a co-ed lounge where you can meet up with the opposite gender. My BF and I met up and waited for our masseuses. One of them greeted us and directed us to our room. There was a second masseuse waiting for us and he explained the procedure, asked a few questions, and had us pick our massage oil. The massage beds were comfortable and they had the softest blankets and covers!! The masseuses were very professional and the overall experience was amazing! You can even pick your own music.At the end of our massage session, we enjoyed the co-ed Salt Room and the Japanese Hot Stone Room. The Salt Room was okay... you just lay and relax on the vibrating chairs, listen to the music, and breathe in the salty air. The Japanese Hot Stone Room was always full! The hot stone feels nice on your muscles- the heat relaxes tension. I almost fell asleep in there. Well, plenty of people fell asleep because you'll occasionally hear some snores... zZzZzz....We also enjoyed the co-ed balcony pool that overlooks the Liquid Pool Lounge! The balcony pool reminds me of an infinity pool. There are only 5 lounge chairs though. Overall, it was a great spa experience; $30 for entrance fee if you're staying at Aria, $40 for non-hotel guests. If you booked a service such as a massage, then the entrance fee is waived. Also, you get to use the gym and spa all day so you can come back later that day.
1	Do not make the mistake of charging to room, Pay with cash!!! I received a pedicure and manicure service I signed a receipt for 275.00 and when I checked out they charged 415.00 to my room. Total scam! At check out I tried disputing it woth them and they sent me up to the salon for them to produce the original and of course they can not produce the original. Do not waste your time or money!!!
4	I came in with faded Cooper hair and asked to see a colorist. I was in love from the first 5 minutes of conversation with Jeff. His experience in hair color and the fact that he listens to what you want while making realistic suggestions (colors, tones, goals etc.) made it an experience of its own.  Lori my hair stylist of course made you envy her phenomenal hair so I picked her brain the entire time. The glam squad and everyone in the salon were extremely friendly and personable. When in Vegas this is the only Salon I'll be choosing. Call me a newbie to this town but I'm all about service and without a doubt Aria has that one on Point!
5	Went to Vegas for the weekend to meet up with our friends from Virginia. Stayed at Aria so it just worked best to get our hair done for the night as we wanted to look fabulous for the night and FABULOUS is how I felt after leaving the salon! Bre did my hair. I told her what I wanted (a sleek pony tail with a teased front) and she did it perfectly! She even added a unique touch to the base of the pony. Lea and Jana were the other stylists that worked on my two friends. All three stylists were fast paced in a very efficient way. It was the fastest I have ever had my hair done PLUS the most content I have ever felt about my hair! Everyone was friendly and welcoming, including the receptionist, Hayley and the Assistant, Divona. Yes, the cost IS pricey but you pay for the convenience which is very much worth it. If I stayed at Aria again, I would definitely get my hair done here for the night! Thank you Bre for making me feel and look BEAUTIFUL! :)
5	Go and see Jennie for your mani and pedi! She did any amazing job! She picked out a color that complimented my dress for the Marine Corps ball.  Very nice lady! Simply the best. She was very accommodating to my time. She even asked her coworker friend to help with my manicure so that both were done within an hour.
5	Precision manicure that was worth the extra $$$$. Melissa was wonderful and I would rather pay more and know I am walking out feeling better than when I came in. My nails needed serious TLC and so did I! Can't wait to go back for spa day!
4	My boyfriend and I decided on spending an afternoon at the Aria spa since it is the only spa we could find in Las Vegas that had more than one co-ed area. Two day passed set us back $60 total, which we thought was a pretty good deal. We would have loved to do a treatment, but they were a good bit more than we wanted to pay. The spa facility was wonderful. I loved the outdoor pool on the balcony. For those that want a quieter outside experience and don't want to hear the music from Liquid, do what we did and go on a Monday. Liquid is closed on that day. The only thing that I think could be improved was the eucalyptus steam room. The eucalyptus was overpowering, so maybe less oil should be used.
5	I really enjoyed my 50 min Hot Stone Massage by Robert. Perfect to sooth soreness and relax. The spa amenities are really great. The outdoor pool is essentially a extra large jacuzzi. It was pretty cool out but nice to relax in the sun. There were also 3 jacuzzis inside at 3 different temps.I also used the salt room which really did benefit my respiratory system.... It was really nice especially after spending a lot of time in the casino. The showers are fully stocked with all the amenities you'd need to get ready: toothbrush, comb/brush, razor, hair products and styling tools. I would definitely go back, even if it's just to utilize the amenities which is $30 for hotel guests and there are coEd spaces if you'd want to go relax with your significant other! I would recommend Robert and the Spa!
3	The spa itself was very nice and relaxing. I had one of the best mani pedi I've ever had. The ashiatsu massage was beyond incredible. Get over the feet all over your body.... Wow!!! The vichi body scrub however was miserable. If you exfoliate normally... Do Not Do This!!! It's not worth $250.00, plus the girl left me wet and full of lotion. To put it bluntly.. She sucked!!! Buy the products in the lobby and do it yourself. If you indulge in anything their, I fully recommend the ashiatsu and the signature exotic mani pedi.
5	So here's the secret:You don't need to spend $250 on a massage here to have a relaxing day. I mean you can, but if you're on a budget you can still get your zen on.Non-guests of the Aria can spend $40/person to use the facility for the day and it's totally chill. Guests of the hotel spend less (I think it's $30/person).The following things are co-ed (so pack a swimsuit):- Salt meditation room with vibrating beds. There are headsets in a basket when you walk in (or put your own earbuds in your robe). Plug the headset in the side of the chair. There's a subwoofer built into the base (that's where the vibration comes from) and the headphones deliver the upper frequencies of the new age music piped into the room. - Dark meditation room with heated stone beds. If you don't take a nap in the other room, this one will do the trick.- Balcony whirlpool - outdoors overlooking the pool. Off-season this is very tranquil because the pool is closed.These things aren't co-ed and are clothing optional:- Indoor whirlpools and cold plunge pool- Dry sauna- Eucalyptus steam roomWe came in around 10:30 in the morning and stayed until about 7. We walked out content and far more relaxed than when we walked in.
5	Spent a very relaxing few hours at the spa today.  The staff were very professional, giving me a tour of the facilities.  The whirlpool room was very comfortable, with 3 separate pools.  I did go into the hot stone room, but found it strangely just like using my heated mattress pad back home.  I found the eucalyptus steam room and sauna delightful.  You will not lack for coffee, teas, and juices....all plentiful and included.
3	Pretty good deal for a spa day pass at 40/day or 30/day if you're an Aria guest. I definitely preferred Qua Baths & Spa (at the Caesar's) far over this one (a tad bit more at $45/day) for a few reasons There are two sauna rooms,one with steamy eucalyptus goodness, and the other with dry heat. There are three jacuzzis right next to each other at different temperatures. The lay out of the spa isn't great for relaxation since people have to walk through the jacuzzi area to get to the sauna rooms or get snacks or to get to the infinity pool. (the jacuzzi rooms are separated at Qua, so you don't have the unncessary foot traffic). The infinity pool is more of a mini day club and was really crowded with people chattin' it up. Less relaxing than I hoped from the pictures.The two 'meditation rooms' were neat, but there is very limited seating - like 5 each- and there was literally a line waiting to go into the meditation room. The snacks were pretty sparse- some teas, sodas, apples, and nut mix. Showers were nice, with a nice vanity area with plenty of supplies to get ready for the night! Overall, good deal for $30 bucks, but Qua is better for a more serene experience.
4	One of my favorite spas next to Qua. Very relaxing. I usually just go for the day pass. For non guest its 40 bucks so its cheaper than Qua. There are three Jacuzzis (hot, warm and cold), a heated pool outside, eucalyptus steam room and cedar sauna. There is also a salt room (I guess its infused in the air?) and a hot stone room (I fell asleep in there). The showers are nice and they have all the little things (except curling irons) to get freshened up. I keep coming back!
4	While I did not book any services while visiting the Spa and Salon at ARIA, I was impressed with the amenities that came with the day pass. When you arrive, the friendly staff will give a tour of the facilities and then show you to your locker where a nice fluffy robe and slippers await. They say that you can go naked while in the spa (inside at least), but everyone had on swim suits. They offered an eucalyptis steam room, a hot dry sauna, cold-warm-hot whirlpool baths, and amenities are located within the ladies locker rooms. They even had little toothbrushes prefilled with paste, tampons, and razors incase you forgot to shave. Outside the locker room was this impressive therapuetic pool on the balcony where my husband and I could spend some quiet time. It wasn't too crowded which was nice. They also had a nice little lounge area where you could enjoy tea or coffee and some fruit for free. We visited the salt rooms which was nice and detoxifying. The chairs were comfortable and you could listen to music in a relaxing atmosphere. They also offered warm stone tables, but to me, it was too flat and not as comfortable. Other people thought it was so comfortable that they fell asleep and their snores filled the quiet room. Next time we are there, we do plan to get massages or a facial. Great spa!
