5	Wow, I can't believe I am lucky enough to review this wonderful little restaurant first on Yelp!  I have known about this restaurant for many months, but just have never made it in...  until tonight!  Luckily, my friend and I decided to come here.  It was a Friday night and at 6:45 pm, there was already a line and a 30 min to 1 hour wait.  We headed over to the bar which was catty-corner and waited for them to ring and let us know our table was ready.  We were happy that the wait was closer to 30 min and soon, we were happily trying to decide what to order.  I should take this moment to mention that they are BYOB (I love BYOB).  $4 corkage per bottle for wine and $2 per beer.We finally decided on the Bruschetta (5 large pieces of mixed standard, olive tapenade and roasted red peppers) to start with, a good choice although I heard the Melanzane is wonderful.  We both got the lasagna, which everyone raves about (deservedly so, as the pasta sheets are obviously freshly made and is just as good eaten cold as it was hot).  Happily, a salad came with the entree - yay!  I sadly did not try their dessert as I was to stuffed from the amount of food we had eaten.  All that above for approx $20 per person (tax and tip included) plus leftovers!  What a great deal!  BTW, the pizzas looked (and smelled) sooo delicious and were made right on the floor.  This is what I am trying next time.  If you are in the mood for Italian food and want delicious food coupled with great service, great prices, and a good ambiance, you definitely need to make it to this restaurant.  I am almost scared that my review will make it even harder for me to get a table next time!--------------------------------------------------I've had the pizzas and dessert.  The pizzas are quite good (Il Pizzaiolo is still supreme though) but forget the desserts.  After 2 tries, I am totally happy to fill up on my entree and forgo the dessert.  Reservations for 5+ people!
5	The most tasty and authentic Italian dishes and pizza in Pittsburgh! I hesitate to review this place because too many other people already know how good it is and now it's not unusual that one must wait for a table. But PF is good enough to wait for as long as it takes! Service is above average by friendly and knowledgeable staff. Parking can be tough, but they have a small lot on the Strip side.Their pizza is excellent.......bruschetta is great.....Lasagna very tasty....good salads! BYOB your best bottle for this very special place.
5	There is a difference between an authentic Italian restaurant and an Italian-American restaurant. This is the former. It is one of the best examples of a restaurant as you would find one in Italy. The wood-fired pizzas are excellent. The atmosphere is quaint and casual.
5	Some of the best Italian I've ever had.  I was there for a dinner party, so I can't comment on the regular service, but the food was excellent.  I highly recommend the prosciutto and mushroom pizza, and the meat sauce on the pasta is incredible.  These guys could charge a lot more for this and still make it worth a trip there; as it is, I think the place attracts a cool clientele that might get a bit stuffy if they charged more.
4	Really amazing food, and vegetarian friendly.  Really was surprised to find this place, which reminded me of a great restaurant in the meatpacking district in Manhattan, at about 1/3rd the cost.Never been there when it's been crowded, but the service is often appallingly slow.  I'd go there much more often - and bump this up to five stars - if it weren't an ordeal to get the bread that other tables seem to manage, or a refill on my drink.If you have extra time, aren't in any hurry, and want great Italian that doesn't rely on marinara sauce, go now.
4	This is a great place to enjoy genuine wood fired pizza, as one would in Italy.  The menu is fairly limited, but the pizzas are delicious.  We were surprised to learn how child friendly the place was.  They provided the kids with some dough (not money, dough), to goof with while waiting for the meal.
3	Piccolo Forno is a great neighbor joint.  We went right before the crowds started to come in.  When you first come you notice the well decorated and inciting atmosphere and see some of the kitchen in the middle of the restaurant.The food was good, the portions were right and everything was fresh.  It isn't the cheapest place, but being BYOB helps it out.  It's definitely a place I will check out again - perhaps for lunch, some of the paninis looked great.
4	I guess this review is rather redundant, considering others like it so. The prices are right, the atmosphere is convivial, and I like that I can BMOB (bring my own booze). It tends to be a mad house, even on a "school night", so be cool with waiting a bit to get a seat. Also, I find the wait staff to be really friendly. Rumor has it a wine bar is being prepped across the street so that if there's a line at the restaurant, you'll be able to cool your heels at the bar.  Is it me or is Lawrenceville totally turning into Yuppieville? Not that there's anything wrong with that...Agreed that it's vegetarian friendly - but also MEAT friendly for those who like the flesh. Last week my friend got the regular lasagna while I got the vegetarian one. I appreciated that the restaurant made it both ways. However, while the ingredients were both fresh and quality, the veggie lasagna was a bit bland. Also smooth, like baby food. I wish the pasta had a little more bite to it...hence that whole "al dente" thing...The salads are great, as are the pizzas. Two visits ago I got the pasta with pesto - I think I would advise to wait until summer to order this dish  - the pesto didn't seem all that fresh. Do order that polenta appetizer - good stuff!
4	The main problem with Piccolo Forno is the noise from the harsh acoustics.  It is SO LOUD when the place is full!  Unpleasant!  I was there on a cold Saturday in May at 10pm and the place was packed and very noisy.  (Most Pittsburgh restaurants are quiet or even closed by 10!)  Don't go there when it's busy if you're looking for a calm ambience.  Going at off hours or on a slow weekday or eating at one of their outside tables (if you can get one) would help.The food: The salads are large, excellent, and beautiful.  The pizzas are very good (though I don't think they're as good as when this place was called Regina Margherita - crust not as good?).  The last time I had tiramisu here it was very good, though not as good as at Lidia's in the Strip.Service, during this Saturday 10pm visit, was disappointing: waitress took away my fork with my salad plate and I missed my microsecond window to get her attention.
5	The other reviews tell it best, the food and atmosphere are electric. What's more is the story behind the restaurant...the owner was only 22 when he opened. In a time when it's so difficult to run a business, these guys manage to constantly re-invent the menu and continue to be a catalyst for the Lawrenceville neighborhood business community.
3	Went here last Friday with a friend that was visiting from Florida. We were able to grab a table outside as soon as we got there and avoided the 30 minute wait. We had the polenta appetizer (tomato topping is especially good!) and shared a margherita pizza with sausage and the lasagna. Pizza was good, nothing fabulous though, but I would have preferred one of the specialty pizzas (my friend isn't very adventurous when it comes to her pizza toppings). Lasagna was also good, but perhaps a bit too heavy for a hot summer evening. Service was sloooowww. Overall experience was good. I would go again, but probably order some different things.
3	If only Piccolo Forno attended to the minor details aside from the truly delicious brick oven pizza:- The rest of the menu. Nothing aside from the pizza was particularly memorable or even particularly well made, including a pretty uninspired house salad and an overly salty olive tapenade.- Service. While the BYOB policy is great, and clearly what they're known for in the neighborhood, the service is aloof rather than warm and welcoming. Definitely leaves something to be desired.  - Flies. We sat by the window and several flies buzzed around us during our entire meal. Not OK.The pizza did not disappoint, but overall it wasn't the experience I had hoped for.
4	We had dinner at one of their outside tables on a warm evening last week while visiting Pittsburgh. We chose this restaurant after reading the reviews. Being from Canada, we are not used to BYOB's - wish we had planned better and brought some wine. That would have made the meal perfect. It was pretty awesome as it was though. We ordered the Margarita pizza for our six year old and it was very good. We devoured it. I had the Crespelle di Funghi which was very good but rich - the waiter warned me. Portions are large - I could only finish about a third of this dish. The BF had the braised rabbit pasta on the waiter's recommendation. The pasta was clearly homemade - very tender and cooked perfectly. The sauce was fabulous. We didn't order any of the salads but I wish we had - they were huge and looked and smelled delicious. We went there on a Saturday night around 9 and it was busy and very loud inside. Outside was much quieter. I would highly recommend this restaurant for great Italian food in Pittsburgh.
4	For the sake of ratings I gave Piccolo Forno a 4, but it's really a 3.5. Piccolo Forno has a pretty decent little Margherita pizza made in a coal fired oven and their salads are big, beautiful, and tasty. I've not found better in Pittsburgh but I haven't finished searching yet.
3	It's a contest between Piccolo Forno and Il Pizziolo for who can deliver the best Italian Wine Bar style pizza. Not necessarily a meal like we might expect, this is snacking pizza. As a city, we've come to tolerate Mineo's as a standard, even though that pie would have done best being served in 1985 at Pizza Hut. Piccolo Forno doesn't approach pizza with the same regard as a heavy, greasy comfort food, and the overall build is far lighter and more dignified - like it should be.If Il Pizziolo's is a little wetter, Piccolo Forno's a little crunchier. Satisfying in a pinch, the pizza here shows signs of a temperamental oven and was presented with an unevenness in the cooking. I want a char on the bottom; not a spotty blackness. Sauce and cheese to cover the margherita were good but not particularly notable.I won't call it bad, but I can't say I'm altogether impressed. I would certainly eat it again, but for the price, in Pittsburgh, I expect something a little more to weigh me down.
4	I would have given Piccolo Forno 5 stars if I had know that it was BYOB.  I REALLY needed a glass of wine the other night, and I was very bummed when I had to stick to Diet Coke.The pizza crust  is delightfully crispy and thin, but the sauce is a bit too sweet for my liking.  I would still go back and order again.   Most of the specialty pizzas feature prosciutto, which one of my personal favs but my dining companion does not indulge in swine.  Next time I'm gonna try one of the pastas.  That's right, you can look forward to seeing this face again, Piccolo Forno.  Be warned and ready.
4	First, the quibbles: holy crap, it's loud in here! The (beautiful) brick walls definitely work as amplifiers, which turns an otherwise sweet, stylish interior ambiance into a bit of a sound box. And I'd have to agree with other reviewers who have noted the aloof, minimal attention given from servers. Ours put our check on the table in passing without even looking at us.The menu, however, is delicious, and offers rich pastas (we had the rabbit pappardelle and vegetable cannelloni)  and what looked like inventive, tasty pizzas. On my next visit, I'll for sure give one of those a try. BYO as well with a $5 corkage fee--still far cheaper than paying in-house prices for booze.
5	the shrimp pasta had huge pieces of shrimp and was just a huge portion overall... everyone in my group enjoyed their food and desserts
4	Piccolo Forno is a great Italian place...and I'm not a huge fan of italian food.  it still won me over, with a great atmosphere, good foods, and my favorite: BYOB!The food here has a lot of classic stuff, the usual pizzas and pastas, but there are some real winners:  The rabbit and pork pasta dish is awesome, and pizzas here do deliver for their increased cost.  Service here is good one you sit, but don't expect to walk right in and get a table...it's no secret this place is good, and you'll wait for it.  I've waited as much as an hour and a half.
4	Had a good pizza here and enjoyed sitting outside on the sidewalk. Be forewarned that this is a BYOB restaurant.
5	Sometimes Pittsburgh feels like a food/cultural wasteland to me, and then I find places like this. I've recently been trying to explore the local Lawrenceville eateries and get out of the same old Oakland/Shadyside/Sq. Hill venues and it's definitely been a good thing. This is by far the best Italian food I've had in the burgh. In fact, I went to Joe Mama's for late night a few days after eating here and everything just paled/felt lame in comparison. Piccolo is first of all, one of the cleanest restaurants I've been in in the city. Second of all, it's relatively priced ($11-$15 for pasta entrees, $11-$13 for pizza), and third of all, the pasta is amazing! At least the dish that I had was. I'm still having dreams about it. I forget the name but it's basically a cheese gruyere pasta with the softest meltiest eggplant at the bottom. Never enjoyed something entirely vegetarian so much. I also loved the small, cozy and intimate atmosphere (okay it would have been intimate sans the drunk part of 8 right behind us. this definitely seems more like a date place than a group of friends, and on that note, it is also byob). Tucked away in that busy little building with people eating outside, it felt almost reminiscent of eating at a local east village restaurant.Also, while you're waiting for a table be sure to check out the numerous boutiques down the street such as the newly opened PageBoy salon/store.
1	While I cannot comment on the food, I must say that I have never been so insulted by an establishment in my entire life.  I was extremely excited to go to Piccolo Forno for my birthday as I have had my eye on it for several years, but just haven't seemed to be able to find the opportunity.  I will admit that the decision was made a bit last minute, so I wasn't surprised when they said that they were booked for reservations.  They did say that I could come in and put my name down on the list and wait, so I opted to do that and head over to Round Corner Cantina for a couple drinks and appetizers.  When I first arrived at 7:15, they had previously estimated that the wait would be about 2 hours, and I appreciated it when they gave me a call at around 9pm to let me know it would be another 45 minutes and to find out if I still wanted to wait.  I told them very clearly that I would still like to wait, as my party seemed relatively content at the time.About an hour later, when we went over to check to see how much longer it would be, the hostess informed us that someone had called and said to cancel the reservation sometime after they had called me to confirm I would still like to wait.  Huh?  I told the hostess that there was no way this had happened as everyone in my party was still waiting.  She flatly told me that there was nothing they could do and that the reservation had been canceled.  One of the other hostesses started looking around the restaurant, trying to figure out if there was any way to fit my group in, but the original hostess shot her down and said there was no way we could possibly get seated (it was already past 10pm by this time).  There was no apology or anything, and I left extremely upset.  I am not certain if it was another patron looking to get a seat sooner that called, or if one of the employees was looking to get home earlier and didn't want to deal with a group of 8 at a relatively late hour.  Regardless, I was extremely insulted that they did nothing to try to remedy the fact that we had been waiting for a table for over 3 hours.  We ended up having to go to a bar in order to get food since it was already too late for most restaurants, and it pretty much ruined everybody's night since we all were so hungry and grumpy.While I was looking extremely forward to trying Piccolo Forno since I had heard so many great things about their food, I will never patronize the restaurant due to the rude and insulting customer service.
5	WOW!!! This place Rocks!!! The food, the atmosphere, the service, all GREAT!! They have terrific Pizza too!BRAVO!!
4	Uniquely authentic Italian food.  Specials are okay.  Menu doesn't change much.  Highly recommended that you at least try the place, but do yourself a favor and don't go when it's crowded.  Weekend evenings are usually overflowing (for good reason) and the hostess is not at all accommodating.  We go there a lot for weekend lunches and weeknight dinner.  Certainly one of the top five Italian spots in Pittsburgh.
5	Truthfully I'm not a huge fan of Italian food so i came here kicking and screaming upon the request of a friend and was not at all disappointed. The service was great and the food beyond excellent. If you have any doubts get their lasagna which will certainly blow you away!
5	Fantastic.  Plan to wait  at least an hour for a table on a weekend night.   No reservations.  Great service.   Great food.   Byob.  Great pizza.
5	BYOB!The food is as close to authentic Italian as I've had in the states.The space itself is a bit small so be prepared to wait. Luckily, there is a great bar across the street (Round Corner Cantina) where you can have a drink until your number is called.Lasagna lovers unite!
5	Piccolo Forno has some of the best Italian food in the city of Pittsburgh.  My husband and I have frequented PF many times, and have introduced many of our friends to this fabulous restaurant as well.  Every time that we have visited PF, be it for lunch or for dinner, we have had nothing short of outstanding service from the hostess to the servers.  The restaurant owner has even been on site several times, and is always very friendly.  Their appetizers and salads are big enough to share with another person.  Their wood fired pizzas are delicious.  If you're looking for just a pepperoni pizza though, these pizzas might not be for you.  My favorite is the Speck & Marscarpone.  Their pastas are delicious as well and are homemade.  Piccolo Forno is a great BYOB place that everyone in the city of Pittsburgh should check out at least once!
2	I've had pretty good pizza here before, but I certainly don't think it's the best pizza of it's type in the East End (Dinette is FAR superior). The appetizers are fine -- the brushetta is good. But the pasta. Oh, the pasta. It's all reasonably priced ($11-$16) and on a recent visit I decided to get the more expensive shrimp pasta. Now, by the description it sounded like it would be in a garlic oil sauce with crushed tomatoes. It came with a thick paste of tomato sauce that was overwhelmed by capers. I like capers when they're an addition to the flavor, but these were the flavor. That and an extremely fishy taste to the sauce really ruined it for me. But if that hadn't, the terrible pasta would have. I've never before had fresh pasta that I thought was inedible. Thankfully there was a generous amount of large plump shrimp to almost make up for the inedible pasta and sauce. But I left hungry. My dining companion's pasta dishes weren't much better. The gnocchi was edible but gummy and there was a salmon ravioli special that was overwhelmingly salty.Also, the wait staff seems either rushed or inattentive. We waited for everything and my soup was forgotten. I'm not wasting my time again. Dinette has better pizza and anywhere has better pasta.
4	On a recent trip to Pittsburgh, friends took us here and it did not dissapoint. We brought a bottle of wine and had a slow, relaxing, delicious dinner over the next couple of hours. I had the mozzarella/tomato salad, the mushroom pasta, and the tiramisu. My entire meal was perfect, the staff was attentive, and the ambiance was lovely. I can't wait to go to Piccolo Forno again.
4	Very good classic Italian dishes with a few innovations thrown in. We particularly enjoyed the gnocchi, the lasagna (a bechamel/ragu combo that tastes a bit like Greek pastizio), the wild mushroom tagliatelle, and the spinach/carrot rolled thing with pesto sauce. The spinach/carrot was the highlight. The restaurant draws in a mixed crowd of older/younger diners and was a nice place to take my parents.The only negatives were a seat in the back by the bathroom (completely negates a good ambience) and slightly unfriendly service. The polenta appetizer is also lackluster. This is a personal thing, but I was disappointed that the only dressing they had for salads is a basalmic vinaigrette. If, like me, you hate basalmic vinegar, there goes half the menu. The pastas tasted fresh-made and all the sauces were good. The lasagna was huge--consider splitting.On a Saturday night, we waited for about 50 minutes for a table (arrived at 7) so either go early on the weekend or plan to wait. They take your cell phone number so you don't have to hang around outside, which is great because there's a cafe down the block.
4	For a quick trip down memory lane, this is the FIRST restaurant that my fiance and I ever went to in Pittsburgh, this was about two months ago.  We had driven 2,600 miles across the country and wanted wood fired pizza, so a bit of Yelp research landed us here.  We have been back a couple of times since our first visit.  Honestly, I really like, (bordering love) this restaurant, it is BYOB so be forewarned.  The vibe is always bright and cheery, and the atmosphere is popping, always busy and fun to people-watch.  I LOVE the Speck pizza, the mascarpone cheese does it to me every time.  The last time we went we also tried a mushroom pasta, and honestly it was just kind-of meh.  The mushrooms tasted like they were canned, and the flavor was kinda bland.  The salads are HUGE though, definitely enough for 2-4 people, and our was really fresh and delicious.Also, because we rarely make a reservation on a Friday or Saturday night, typically the wait is between 1-1.5 hours.  Don't be discouraged, there is an awesome little bar right across the street that you can wait at until you are called on your phone.  Pretty nice, huh?
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars for the taste of the food only (not the staff/operations etc.) because the food is really really really good.  And I only had the pizza so I can only imagine what the pasta tastes like, I'm looking forward to going back and finding out!  But a friend that I was with had their pasta and said it was one of the best meals she's had in really long time.  Ok now a separate rating of 0-1 STAR for poor restaurant management.  This place is really popular so expect a wait.  We went on a Saturday night - we must have been masochists b/c we had to wait for an 1 1/2 hours.  But hey I get it and I'm not complaining about the actual wait time.  I will complain about the inability for the restaurant staffers to move/turn tables quicker.  There were so many (not just one or two) but several tables that were done eating but were not budging from their seats.  Dozens of people were waiting to be seated.  And I get the whole lets just sit a bit after our meal, but sitting for longer than 15 minutes when there's a huge wait for other patrons is totally unacceptable and rude.  I feel that it's the restaurants responsibility to politely approach a table that's done with their meal but just lounging around to encourage them to leave.  It's also in the best interest of the restaurant if they're in the business to make money.  Faster tables turned = more groups seated = more $$$$.Just a friendly, "Is there anything else you'll need tonight and thanks for coming", would probably be sufficient to subtly suggest, "Get the hell out of here".  But no, the staffers refused to do anything about it, and they were also getting annoyed about the groups that had been sitting for 45 minutes or longer after eating.  But I'm not sure why they refuse to do anything about it.  I feel like if they were to fix this issue, this restaurant would be one of the best in the city.  It's just poor operational managment!Once we were seated our waitress was very attentive and friendly so I'm not criticizing the service, but the operations of the place.
1	Would like to review the food, but still haven't been able to get into the place.  Every time we stop by -- our fourth time in a month -- we're told it's a 90-minute wait.  And each time, the hostess looks at us incredulously when we DON'T leave our names.  Seriously, take reservations.  Please!
4	Took my boyfriend here for his birthday; we were looking for some classic, quality Italian cuisine and were pleasantly surprised by the stylish ambiance of the place. Food was fantastic - forgot it was BYOB - but was a bit soured on the place when the waiter brought our bill with a "here's the check, sir." I know the convention is for the male member of a couple today, but considering I was taking him out the gendered language qualified as faux pas. After making a big show of taking the check myself, the waiter picked it up with a not much better "thanks guys" (eyeroll).
3	Love the BYOB.  Had brick oven pizza's made in the back of the restaurant Food is fresh and hot.  Of course you need to like the brick oven style of pizza.  Sauce was not my favorite for some reason maybe to bitter?  Not sure?  and seemed to lack flavor.  Staff was nice.  Did not get to try the pasta. Salad and tiramisu were good.
4	Two thumbs up for the food (the beef and pork tortelli is awesome and the tiramisu was gigantic...even for two people, but the polenta crostini was a little dry) and the BYOB! I wish they would reserve a few tables each night. The wait can be maddening. Therefore, I HIGHLY recommend that you go early.
5	Bella Italiano! It's so cute inside and BYOB. You can't beat that! Obviously the food is incredible as well! I don't even know where to start because it's all amazing! I've had the Torre di Melanzane which is eggplant, tomato and mozzarella. I love eggplant but I feel like it's hard to cook and when you're out I want a fresh and crisp eggplant slice. this is just incredible eggplant goodness! I would highly recommend getting the pizza. It's humongo and they have a lot of different pizza's to choose from. Whether you like artichoke, mushroom, pepper, prosciutto, sausage....oh my! This is no pizza hut pizza here! The main pasta dishes are great as well. They switch their menu often so you never know what your choices will be when you get there. That's part of the charm though. Everything is fresh and prepared right there.  Oh and I can't forget dessert!  I had the tiramisu.  Oh.my.gawd!  So freakin good!  It had a great flavor to it that we couldn't figure out and the server said the owner makes it fresh each day and adds a touch of lemon.  Wow, you wouldn't think that would make or break it, but wow!  Amazing! The place is ALWAYS packed though, so either do it up like a grandma and grandpa and get there early for dinner or try to make a reservation. It's also a great place for weekday lunch date, just remember, get the pizza!!
5	Amazing food, if you can get a seat.  And if you can't get a seat, don't complain.  Not being able to get a table because the food is so good isn't the best reason to give a great restaurant one star.  I waited for two and half hours IN WINTER - though mostly a block down in Espresso A Mano - to get a table. And it was worth it.  Service was on point and even though we were near the door, the place was so warm from the wood burning oven and being packed with people, we were never cold.  It's BYOB, so pick something up at the wine shop a few blocks away near the intersection of Butler and Main.  I had the Rabbit with winter vegetables over parpadelle, it was fantastic.  The fresh pasta was cooked just right so that it wasn't eaten away by the moist rabbit and vegetables.  My girlfriend had the risotto, it was good, maybe too large a portion though I'm not sure that's a bad thing.
4	I had the best panini of my life at this place! The wood burning oven that toasted it must have made all of the difference. BYOB is always a plus, as you can roll in with your own bottle of red to share for a romantic weekend lunch/dinner and leave with an affordably delicious bill and beyond satisfied appetite.
3	This is a family favorite when they're in town. It makes sense, because my parents like this style of pizza and don't really have access to it where they're from. They eat it up, literally.I however, have not been all THAT impressed. The pizza is okay but not great; I feel you can get better thin, bricke oven pizza elsewhere. I actually prefer their paninis. Their desserts are a bit gluttonous and, while I'm not a huge fan, once again, my family is.Piccolo Forno seems to fit the mold of that restaurant you take the easily impressed. It's lighter on the wallet than some of the better restaurants in the city, but unique enough that your company feels like they're getting an experience.The service is just okay. The servers are all very friendly but I have, on more than a few occasions, been left without a refill on my water. Such an easy gesture should be second nature to a server so it's a pet peeve of mine.
5	piccolo forno has been a part of my family's rotation of restaurants since it opened. regardless of the fact they offer a concise, simple menu, we have no problem returning time after time.the handmade pizzas are definitely the main attraction here, but the pasta and salads also great.while the menu is modest, there are always additional specials which seem to fit in with exactly what you were hungry for.
3	We get there. Reservations for six at 6. Half our party is there, half is on it's way. We tell them we're here. Can't sit until the whole parties there. I get that. But then the hostess adds "we have a party at 8 PM that's sitting at your table and you'll have to leave by then." I get that, sometimes you gotta hustle.We sit at 6:15 with our whole party. Our server comes up without even a GREETING and says, "we have another party sitting here at 8 PM, so you'll have to be done by then." I don't get that....That was just a little too much! I've never been anywhere that was so blatant about getting you outta there asap. I understand you've got to move people in and out, but don't tell us when we haven't even ordered a thing and are planning on spending money in your establishment! Even with taking our time we were done at 7:45 PM. Plenty of time to clean off the table for this important party. Too bad because the food was good. The service left a little to be desired...
1	I came here for a yummy pasta lunch on a very cold day & doubt I will ever be back. A friend recommended this place and I didn't consult Yelp until I had already ordered.Since I came at the end of the lunch hour there was no wait. The waitress was friendly enough and brought me water right away. I couldn't decide between the baked rigatoni with eggplant, the cannelloni with spinach and prosciutto or the mushroom tagliatelle so I asked the waitress to pick. She chose the baked rigatoni & I was excited to try it.Big mistake. Yes, the portions are huge and sitting in front of me was huge bowl of gooey cheesiness that looked wonderful. The problem is that is had no taste. Really, there was no discernible flavor, only texture. I could not believe how something so cheesy & oozing with beschamel could offer nothing. There was also a massive shortage of eggplant, which I rooted around for and found very little of.No matter how good everyone says their pizza may be, if you can't make a decent dish of pasta I'm not interested. With all of the Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh there ain't no way I'm coming back here.
3	So I liked Piccolo Forno.  I really did.  Very tasty.  But I haven't quite figured out why people are willing to wait 90 minutes for it.  Puzzling mystery.We knew this would happen, so we put our names in around 630 pm on a Saturday, and got seated about 8 pm.  Fortunately we had enjoyed several cocktails at Eclipse Lounge down the street in the meantime, so we were in very good spirits.  Also, the hosts take your cell phone number, and even gave us a courtesy call when the party whose table we were going to take was "eating dessert," so we knew we had about 15 minutes left to wait and had time to finish our cocktails without needed to chug them and run out the door.Piccolo Forno is small and bustling.  People gather to wait in the front, so it can be a little crowded getting in the door.  Once seated though, we all felt relaxed and happy.  We opened a few bottles of wine ($5 each corkage), and I have to say much as I love BYOB, I hate this corkage fee thing.  Ugh.  Maybe I'm just spoiled, but in other cities where I've lived, BYOB = no charge.So, I got a house salad which was a nice, simple starter, and then at the server's recommendation, I ordered the Stracotto di Cingiale con Fettucine.  That would be braised boar with vegetables over fettucine pasta.  It was quite yummy.  Obviously fresh pasta, tender meat, and a reasonably generous portion for not much money.  The boar was seasoned in an interesting way, almost a bit sweet - sugar?  cinnamon?  not sure.  But tasty.  Couldn't finish it so it went in a box, and I look forward to consuming the rest of it shortly, probably tonight.Gratuity was included since we had a party of 7 - two girls split the check, and then we gave them cash.  But I've since heard from the two girls that the restaurant overcharged them - randomly adding $15 more to each check, even though gratuity was already included (clearly stated on the receipt) and we can't figure out why they did that.  They're planning to call and get that figured out, but it put a bit of a damper on our impressions of the evening.So it's a tasty place with good, fresh food.  But to be truly honest, when you have to wait 90 minutes and pay to BYOB, and the check gets messed up, it isn't exactly a perfect evening out.  So if you don't mind waiting and paying to bring wine, I'd say go for it.  But the food didn't knock my socks off enough to make up for the logistical annoyances.  If I'm waiting and paying for my own wine, I'd like the food to be outstanding.  And we aren't quite there, in my opinion.
5	piccolo Forno is an Tuscan style-Italian restaurant on Butler Street in Lawrenceville which is only minutes from the Strip District and downtown Pittsburgh.  In the last few years, Lawrenceville has steadily worked on dusting itself off and dragging itself up from the tired run down town it was in years past.  There are now shops, cafes and restaurants and they are starting to outnumber the empty buildings.I chose this restaurant on a blind whim from a list of restaurants and I was well rewarded for it. piccolo Forno,which means 'Small Oven,' is small and intimate but a large corner is devoted to it's namesake.  The piccolo forno is tucked in the back right corner where it's plied by chefs wielding long handled wooden peels to whisk pizzas in and out of the oven.  The walls are exposed brick with a golden yellow back wall that matches the wooden chairs snugged cosily around the tables.  When the tables are full it can get a little loud but the blended voices of other diners actually helps to create a sense of privacy around one's table.It's common in restaurants around here to be provided with a basket of bread before the meal comes but not in piccolo Forno.  Here, they ask if you would like bread with your dinner and if you are amenable it is brought out only a minute before the entrees arrive.  It's possible that some would be put off by this as it's not the expected thing but it is very nice not to fill up on bread beforehand.piccolo Forno has many things on the menu to choose from: salads, panini, pizzas and pastas.  Rick had the Tagliatelle con Sugo di Funghi  (Tagliatelle Pasta with a Mushroom Sauce).  I only had one bite of his but it was creamy with the earthy taste of mushrooms almost! but not quite overwhelming the pasta.  I chose to try something entirely new to me and even Rick was surprised and questioned my choice: Stracotto di Cinghiale con Fettucine--Braised boar with vegetables and fettucine pasta.  Many of the Italian cookbooks I've read usually have one or more recipes with wild boar and I've been curious ever since.  The meat was tender and the flavorful sauce coated the fettucine and vegetables with a slightly sweet taste that I couldn't identify.  If I can find some where to obtain wild boar for cooking at home I will have to go looking for a recipe and perhaps then I will find out what the seasonings were.I visited piccolo Forno a second time to try a few other things off their menu.  Polpete Toscane were small beef & pork meatballs in a green sauce that unfortunately left a little to be desired.  The sauce was bold and flavorful but yet not enough to cover the blandness of the polpete.  Salt and pepper improved them enough to finish but not enough to order again.piccolo Forno offers thirteen types of pizza on its menu and of course has the option to customize your own.  The Prosciutto e Rucola features crushed tomatoes and mozzarella and when it comes out of the oven it is topped with prosciutto and arugula.  The arugula is plentiful and a lot of time is devoted to piling it back on the pizza as some spills off with every bite you take but the peppery taste it adds to the pizza is worth the 'rebuilding.'  The outside edges of the crust were crisp with a chewy center but the inside of the pizza lacked a bit of firmness and would have benefitted from a few more moments in the oven.   Those who are familiar with New York style pizza would simply flip up the nose of the pizza and carry on.This restaurant is not your typical Italian-American fare and should you walk in with that expectation you will find yourself disappointed.   The waiters are sometimes slow to attend one's table but a notable element of Italian dining is a delicious meal slowly enjoyed with friends and family.  I say take a deep breath, lean back and enjoy.
5	Best lasagna EVER.  Period.  And it's BYOB so you don't have to break the bank to drink a great wine with your meal.
3	Warning! This place is NOISY.   Even on a Wednesday night!  I mean "Excuse Me." "Huh?" "What?!" "I CAN'T HEAR YOU!" "Wait I thought you said COULD eat seafood!" kinda loud.  The noise factor definitely put a end to most normal conversation.  Add to this the fact that we were seated directly behind  the hostess stand and practically in another table's lap.  I could have taken names for reservations as well read the texts on the the other table's Iphone! Food was good-Marinated&Roasted Veggies which were good.  My date and I split the Quattro Stagioni.  Different toppings-artichokes, mushrooms, prosciutto and roasted red peppers-pleased different tastes.  I'm generally easy to please when it comes to pizza and I really enjoy wood-fired pies.  So I was happy with our pizza and meal in general.However, the noise and lack of room made the evening hard to enjoy.  Our server was good but when he got a larger party he disappeared.  Leaving us with  our teeny table too crowded with plates and our drink glasses empty.  Somewhat aggravating evening as far as trying to relax with good food.  Maybe give Piccolo another whirl....ugh...note when searching the website you might need to hit the mute button!
3	Ok
3	Piccolo Forno has interesting pizzas with a good crust, pastas with some creativity, and a nice atmosphere. Better Italian food can be found in Pittsburgh, but reasonably priced entrees, coupled with BYOB, makes for a nice meal with friends on a reasonable budget. An appetizer and entree will run about $20 per person. Make sure to reserve a few days in advance; it's often hard to get a table if you walk in or call the day of your meal. If you are with a group, stragglers beware. They zealously enforce the "all members of the party must be here" policy on seating.
4	Finally able to enjoy the great food at this wonderful restaurant.  The good news -- which, from the recent reviews, isn't really news -- is that PF now takes reservations for parties of five or more.  Our group -- six -- didn't know that, but we were there early on a Friday night (6.00p) so we were able to get seated within 15 minutes.My wife and I love Italian food and we CRAVE fresh-made food in restaurants (not the pre-cooked, bagged, frozen and steamed stuff served as the chain restaurants or delivered by food service companies to local bars).  We found BOTH at PF.  We ordered a couple of appetizers: the bruschetta and the cheese/salami plate.  Both were fine, about what you'd expect in any of the local Italian eateries.  Salads and soup followed.  The salads were delicious.  Fresh greens, tasty house dressing.  The carrot soup was spot-on good.  For entrees, we ordered a variety of dishes.  A friend selected the eggplant salad as an entree.  I'm not a fan of eggplant, but she loved it.  Several pasta dishes appeared on the table.  The pastas were cooked perfectly, the variety of ingredients in each dish were not "mashed" together but retained their individual flavors.  I ordered the prosciutto/arugula pizza (I know, boring!) and was surprised to finally see authentic Italian pizza in Pittsburgh.   Just like the pizza I get when I'm in northern Italy.  A couple of desserts hit the table, but I didn't try them.  I love the business model at PF: fair prices for the food and BYOB.  We walked out of there on Friday having spent only $30 per person (including a 20% tip) plus the cost of a bottle of wine that each couple brought from home.  I've seen the complaints about noise.   Honestly, we found that part of the charm of the place.  It also allowed us to be as raucous as we wanted to be.  I'm so glad we finally made it for dinner.  We'll be going again, soon.  And I scoped out the Round Corner Cantina across the street.  If we go there and have a bit of a wait in the future, we'll go to the Cantina and have a drink.
3	I called in last night to ask how long the wait was on a Saturday night and was told about 20 minutes. We arrived, put my number in so they could call when a table was ready (nice feature) and left. Within walking two blocks of the restaurant my phone rang so the wait was not as bad as it appeared to be in the reviews.I ordered a small house salad which was simple and delicious and my boyfriend ordered the fennel orange salad, which was a huge portion. And then for our entrees we ordered pizza - prosciutto with arugula and the quattro. The prosciutto was absolutely delicious but the quattro was soggy in the middle from the mushrooms, peppers and artichoke which was disappointing.The hostess was friendly and while there were no issues with our waitress she did not smile, which made her appear a bit cold but I guess that is just her personality.
4	Really excellent food at very fair prices.  I love eating at Picolo Forno!  First things you should know is that there are no reservations, unless you have a party of 5 or more.  It's very loud, it's BYOB, and the food is fantastic.  I had the Cavatelli con Salsccia e Rapini, which was amazing and I will order this again.  People rave about the Lasgna, although I don't think that is their best dish.  I love the Crostini di Polenta, it's a perfect appetizer.  The Bomba is always a fun dessert.
3	Went last night and was anxiously waiting our trip to this restaurant based on our Yelp readings. Lets start with the pizza was very good and the fact that you can bring your own wine for $5 is wonderful. But the downsides are the wait was excessive, 45 minutes. Also they do accept reservations, contrary to Yelp description and our looking at empty tables waiting for the reservations to come in. Our waitress was overwhelmed and kept on forgetting to bring us the staple items, like bread and cheese, but I do not blame her. The pasta dishes were OK not great. We had the cavatelli dish and the ravioli with salmon, again both were just ok, actually slightly salty. Dessert was very good.Thus overall three stars.
5	Amazing Italian food that tastes like... Italian food. Not "American-Italian". I have never had a bad meal. Favorites are any of the salads, the lasagne, the rabbit pasta and all of the appetizers. The outdoor streetside seating in the summer is pretty good too. Best of all, it's BYO.
4	I've tried the pizzas and the lasagna.  I really love the pizza and need to have the lasagna again to really decide - it has an odd sauce that's tasty but not usual and wee bit heavy.  The pizzas are simply delicious and fresh.  The appetizer to get is the eggplant stack -- fantastic and interesting flavors.  This is a great place to do lunch on a weekday when you can lounge and linger and really enjoy your stay - the evenings can be noisy with brick walls and wooden floors.  I sat outside once and the traffic wasn't all that bad but we did have a gentleman stumble out of the Round Corner Cantina across the way who shouted "F*** YOU" very loudly and then mumbled apologies when he realized there were four tables of customers watching him.  LOL!  I say try this place if you are on the fence.  I will def go back again.
4	I've been wanting to try this place for some time. Unfortunately, I forgot it was BYOB and came unprepared.  My bad.  I was greeted by the hostess as soon as I walked in.  The atmosphere is lively, a little noisy due to the brick walls, etc, but overall I really liked it. in the back of the restaurant you can see the wood buring pizza oven. I had the Soup of the day - Pasta Fagioli  - a vegetarian verion.  Very good and served hot.I ordered the Proscuitto and Funghi Pizza with fresh mozzerella.  Delicious.The service was very good, the server very pleasant.  I felt the food was quite athentic, having vacationed in Tuscany a few times - it really reminded me of that style of food.I plan to return as there are several intersting dishes to try, including the home made fresh pasta dishes.  Next time I will remember to BYOB.Try this place - you'll like it!
4	Delicious Italian food, very reasonably priced, warm and cozy atmosphere. Had the baked eggplant appetizer and shared it with my husband. Cooked perfectly, wish I could have eaten the whole thing myself! Then my fennel salad came--it was wonderfully refreshing, only with the vinaigrette was a little more zingy! My husband had the house salad which looked fresh and delicious. I wanted to order all the salads--they were so unique. I ordered the tuna/caper pizza for my entree, it was excellent--the right balance of flavors! My husband was not a huge fan of the braised boar pasta, mostly because it had allspice or cinnamon in it, but he at in anyway. Our dessert of peanut butter chocolate something or other was great, as well. We will definitely be back again!  We had ressies (6 of us), they took us right on time.
4	MMM...This was a great experience for my friends and I. Everything was spot on, the entire experience. On a side note if you do make a reservation, which we did, They are very forward about letting you know that they will not seat you until your entire party has arrived, and there is a time you are expected to be completed with your meal. I can appreciate the fact that this is the way they run their establishment. When our entire party of 8 arrived we were seated promptly. Shortly the server arrived and greeted us and offered to open our bottles of wine. As well as informing us of all the specials for dinner. I ordered an appetizer of Torre di mellanzan, which is a small but delicious eggplant appetizer and the night special butternut squash and apple risotto. The risotto was cooked perfectly and was very flavorful. One thing I would really like to emphasis was how awesome the waiter and service overall, we had was. I have had some really weird experiences with service lately. The waiter was friendly and everything came out together piping hot and for there being 8 people in our party I see that as a heck of an accomplishment. The dining room did not have an empty table and this dude knew how to make the guests happy. Since our party was large they automatically added an %18 gratuity. I still added an addition $5 on to that because I thought the service was exceptional.BYOB is also awesome with only a $5 fee per bottle. This place was also very appropriately priced I was shocked that the bill with the included gratuity averaged around $52 per couple.Definitely check it out.
4	Food: Piccolo Forno offers traditional Italian dishes, but it also offers numerous unique takes on Italian cuisine that seem both authentic yet new.  You can order lasagna or also get pasta dishes like you've never seen.  Both dishes we ordered were unlike anything we had tried at other Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh.  There are plenty options for vegetarians but also meat and seafood.  The soup was delicious and came with a giant roll in it, soaking up the soup.  The rotating desert options are multiple variations on the same theme (a bombe), which is basically a hard chocolate covered ice cream/cake ball shaped contraption (awesome), but they also have gelato/tiramisu.  The portions are large (enough to take home), and we were beyond full with soup, dinner, and desert.  The pizza is rumored to be good, and looked/smelled good, but we didn't try it.Price: The prices are surprisingly affordable, with no entree over $20.  Our entire check for two came in at under $55 (two soups, two entrees, one desert, two coffees), cheaper than some lower quality places in the city.  You get your money's worth in terms of food quality and quantity, no doubt.Drinks: BYOB.  Tables around us were drinking everything from bottles of wine, to bottled beer, to cans of Busch.  One table even had an entire bottle of Jack Daniels on the table they were passing around.Atmosphere: The seating is tight, with tables packed close together.  You have to tread carefully to get to the bathroom without tripping over another table or knocking someone's drink.  This also leads to a pretty loud dining experience, because the place is always packed.  The dining room is simply decorated and there's not an eye-sore to be found.  A bigger dining area would probably be an improvement (see below).  Service: They do not accept reservations for a table less than 5.  So for those with less than 5 in their party, you fight through the mass of people at the front door and get on the list.  There is always a list.  We were offered a 2+ hour wait for a table of four, two of our party backed out, and we still waited over 90 minutes for a table of two.  We have drove to Piccolo Forno in the past at least 3 times, learned of the wait time, and went somewhere else.  Your best bet is getting on the list, then going to a nearby bar for a few drinks.  But once you do get seated, the service is quick and friendly.  The menus, food, and drink refills come early and often, likely to get you out of your table and someone else in it.(+): Unique, delicious, and affordable take on Italian food with good service, if you can get a table(-): Thats a big "if", and booze and a bar would make the waiting less painfulWould I go back again? We'll at least try.
3	In sum, for those that don't have the time to read the whole review. The pizza is superb- order anything else and it is hit or miss. I struggled on how to rate this. I REALLY want to give this place 5 stars. When the cooks prepare the meals correctly the food is absolutely amazing. Heck, one is tempted to eat the plate when they are finished. However, this is not the case EVERY time one eats here. I've eaten here 5 times in the past 6 months. The lack of consistency is truly a travesty. I suppose if I dine here again, I would only order pizza. Pizza is the only item that  one can reliably eat a delicious pie every time. However, most other dishes are left longing, longing for someone to take the time to consistently season and prepare them properly EVERY TIME the dish is prepared.I know others are bothered by the noise, well, it is noisy. I cannot dispute that. I can't say that the noise level bothers me too much. A few others have commented that the service is so-so. I would agree. Like the non-pizza dishes the service is also hit or miss. I hope the owners carefully read the criticisms I offer. I want to love your restaurant, but when I order a dish one week and its amazing and the next week it is terrible- how can I justify giving this restaurant a rave review or be willing to even return? There are too many solid restaurants in the Greater Pittsburgh area to roll the dice on restaurants that are unable to consistently preform well.
4	Great pizza & salad
4	If you enjoy giving your taste buds a treat, try out the pizza here. WOW. Piccolo Forno is a great date night spot. The wait was way shorter than projected, so we had to leave our beer at Cantina to catch our table ((sad face)) but BYOB, good apps and great pizza was worth it. The atmosphere was great and service was good. Definitely need to try it out.
4	I think I'd actually give this a 3.5 if I could.....So I really enjoyed my dinner at Piccolo Forno. Our server Sofia was wonderful, some of the best service I've had in a while. My boyfriend who drinks like a camel was never left with an empty glass or even a half empty glass for that matter. But, I think I was expecting like the most amazing meal I've ever had in my life. My expectations may have been too high. We came in a little after 5 on a Friday night. Piccolo has been high on our list to try and we were already in Lawrenceville so I said let's just go now. We'll never not have to wait again. So in we went. I know that this place was on the top 25 restaurants in the city so that probably made more people travel to Lawrenceville than normally would have seen this little gem. But the table decked out in full fur coats that had a member who couldn't get off the phone to eat his meal was a little absurd to me. This place serves pizza paninis and some pasta. It's BYOB. Showing off your "wealth" and important status made me laugh. We ordered a Margherita Pizza as well as the Salmon Ravioli. The pizza came out super fast. It was great, I really enjoyed it and would love to try one with some toppings next time. I wasn't a big fan of the ravioli. Had I searched the yelp reviews for salmon I probably would have swayed away from this decision. The salmon seemed smoked, which I'm not a big fan of and I think if I'd seen it on the menu I would have stayed away. The salmon taste was overpowering. So next time I'd bring some wine (which we didn't have) and order a few pizzas to try out different types.Also, to the gruff server standing behind my boyfriend who upon seeing him stand up to go to the bathroom harshly said, "what do you want".... that's probably not the best way to greet someone. Just saying...
3	I ate here not too long ago with friends. The wait was an hour and a half on a Saturday night at 7 PM. This was not unexpected but very frustrating since they do not accept reservations for a party of 4 like ours. The decor of the restaurant held nothing special, a bit crowded but still comfortable.With the wait, we had appetizers elsewhere. For my entree I had the braised boar with vegetables on top of fettuccine. It tasted fairly good but I was expecting more, especially after such a long wait. I was also able to taste the pasta squares in white wine and artichoke duck sauce which I was not particularly fond of. For dessert I split a lemon gelato that was very good. The saving grace of the restaurant for me was that it was BYOB and not terribly pricey.The bottom line is that I would not pick this as a place to eat again although I would go if others wanted to. The best part of it for me was the gelato and the fact that it is BYOB.
4	I love Lawerenceville. Just saying. Normally I have my BYOB radar on but I totally dropped the ball because I forgot to bring some vino.  We got a drink at Roundcorner instead when we were waiting for our table.  They called us when our table was ready which was nice of them so we could take our time at the barHuge windows, exposed bricks.  The place is definitely cozy. We got a table in the middle of things. Literally in the middle of the restaurant so there was a lot of hustle around us. The menu is really pasta and pizza heavy which isn't normally my game.  I am more of a seafood kinda lady but I put my carb conscious mind to rest and ordered a pasta dish. The pasta was in a light red sauce with shrimp and capers.  It was definitely delicious.  I also started with a butternut squash soup with was rich but not too creamy. Yum. I think the service was good but I honestly can't remember and I normally do. So I guess thats neither good or bad. Pro: Cozy, BYOB, delicious pasta Cons: I wish they expanded their menu to actual entreesOverall: If I am craving some pasta I will definitely be back!
5	I don't like pizza and pasta. I was worried that when I would go to Italy, I wouldn't have food to eat. Then someone reassured me that as long as I liked PF's pizza, I was good. And I LOVE their pizza. Their bianca is my fave - with proscuitto, olives, artichokes, gorgonzola and mushrooms. It has thin crust, no pizza grease and lots and lots of flavor. Really as good as it gets!
2	Not impressed by this place at all and the wait was really long.  Service was average, decor/atmosphere was average, prices were ok, and the food was disappointing.I ordered a lamb ragu pasta, but got something that tasted like chicken noodle soup.  Pizza was ok, but nothing memorable and definitely not worth the wait.Only good thing was that it's BYOB.
4	The two of us went for dinner around 9pm on a Friday and got a table after a short wait. The atmosphere was very loud and lively; just what we were looking for that night. Being our first time there, we wanted to try the pizza and the pasta. We split a pizza with prosciutto and mushrooms and the baked rigatoni with eggplant and cheese. The pizza was phenomenal. The pasta was good, but really paled in comparison. We definitely plan to go back for pizza. Dessert items were all different types of gelato, which initially was not clear to use from the way the menu described it. We got the lemon, and it was really good.
3	The pizzas here are quite good.  I ordered the prosciutto e funghi pizza, which was very good.  A balanced portion of prosciutto and mushrooms.  The crust was also very tasty.  Service on the other hand was a little too pushy for me and seemed to be rushing my group.  That is just a no-no in my book.  Also, they were SOOOO fake nice, it made my skin crawl.  As in, they were smiling, but they seemed totally annoyed that they had to take our order and bring us our food, aka do their job.  Hence 3 stars instead of four.
5	Excellent homemade pasta! The appetizers - polenta and verdure miste - were outstanding. The tomato mozzarella salad was great. We had the tagliatelle w mushrooms, fettucini w boar and seafood pasta. All were perfect! We loved the tiramisu w the lemon oil and the peanut butter icecream. This place is just perfect!
5	Amazing. Seriously. I'm currently on a quest to try everything on their menu. The lasagna is life changing (only a slight exaggeration). Go! Immediately and byob  something you love.
5	I first came to Piccolo because a girlfriend worked there, it soon became a favorite. Summer or winter, I love this place. I always pick at friends' plates and love what they get. But I cannot stop ordering the lasagna. It has this distinct cinnamon sort of flavor. I have had dates, girls' night, and my parents to this place and everyone has been a fan!
5	I'm never disappointed with my meals here, and had an exceptionally good meal last night.  The wait staff is always super, except the glass of ice with spoon I was given for my wine to chill it when I was looking for a chiller.  This was really funny actually.As always the pizza was great and tried a new pasta dish, Cavatelli with sweet sausage broccoli rape and red peppers....I may never order a different pasta dish from here ever again it was that good.This is probably the only place in Pittsburgh to get top of the line Italian food and walk out the door paying $35 for a dinner for two.
4	Don't let the "1 hour wait" scare you away!  Most people give up, as they did the night we went allowing us to sit down in a mere 10 minutes!Love the location, I think Butler St is where good food happens.  Brought along our own bottle of vino to enjoy some good Italian food.  Seeing that big oven, we knew we had to get a pizza- the Prociutto e Rucola (prociutto and arugula).  It was delicious and we devoured it.  My only qualm is that it was not as THIN as I would have preferred.  Indulging in some pastas, i got the pappardelle with braised rabbit and he the spaghetti with mussels and shrimp (there's a better name for these but I am not Italian enough to write them out).  Everything was tasty, service was quick, we will be back!Note for the fellas---it's a great date place!
4	I've only been here twice, but have had pleasant experiences both times.  I have had both the pizza and the pasta and I have to say...I enjoyed the pasta more than the pizza! The pizza is great, but the fresh pasta I had was even better.  I ordered the tagliatelle with mushrooms.  The best part about this dish is how it is unlike anything I've ever ordered.  I find that  when pasta and mushrooms are served a restaurant will cover the dish with some creamy sauce that adds nothing and takes away that great mushroom flavor.  Not here!  The dish didn't really have a sauce-the shrooms were probably cooked in wine, which gave the dish a great taste.  I could have eaten the entire thing if I didn't want to take part of it home and figure out if I could cook something similar myself!We had the polenta appetizer, which was something great to split for a table of 5.   They have made some changes in the restaurant to deal with the noise, including adding these "noise shields" on the ceiling and wall.  It was definitely much quieter my second time there.I had to take off one star for the same reason as many other reviewers: the front of the house/service.  We had a reservation for 5, and they let us sit down right away even though only 4 of us were there, which is uncommon here.  But, we were told we only had the table for 2 hours.  It would have been 9:30 by the time we left, and this was on a Wednesday night.  I know that some people like to linger in restaurants for all hours, but in a busy place like this I think the diners understand their table is in high demand.The prices are reasonable, the corkage fee is $5.  Be prepared to wait some time for a table on a Friday or Saturday.
3	Piccolo-Forno is a cozy italian restaurant.  I liked the exposed brick walls, massive pizza oven and stylized black and white photographs of the Mediterranean decorating it.  They also have BEAUTIFUL tiling covering the bathrooms, it's worth making a trip to the water closet just to admire it!  It's a small place with a lot of small tables crammed in, so some times it felt a bit claustrophobic, like you were going to accidentally trip the waiter or  bump the feet of the patrons next to you with your feet.My wife and I ordered the polenta appetizer and meatballs.  The polenta was light and fluffy and was served with delicious toppings like tomato, mozzarella and olives, I'd highly recommend them.  The meatballs were small, bland, and bone dry, but fortunately came with a tasty side of pesto sauce that went well with them.  We knew we had to try the pizza because we'd heard so many good things, and it's one of the specialties on the menu.  For our main courses she got the quattro mixed topping pizza with red peppers, artichokes, mushrooms and prosciutto.  I got the lasagna.  The mushroom was served with the traditional italian style with thin crust, and a minimalist approach to adornments.  Admittedly, we like generous cheese and toppings, but in this case we both felt the toppings were to sparse and left the pizza feeling lacking  and was too close to just eating plain bread.  My lasagna on the other hand, was absolutely PERFECT.  It was so savory it melted in your mouth and the balance of pasta, meat and cheese was as good as I've had.We got the chocolate bomb gelato for dessert which was average, but had a hard chocolate coating, which put a different spin on it.  The bill for 2 came to $65 without drinks, which seemed high given the hit or miss dishes and cramped tables.  I've heard so many good things I really wanted to LOVE piccolo forno, but despite my high hopes, I could only like it.
5	One of the best place I have been in Pittsburgh. Small but was able to go to a bar across street while waiting for table. The food was amazing. I enjoyed every bite of my seafood salad to the amazing pizza.
1	Ambiance: This place was extremely loud and crowded, my party of 6 was cramped into 2 tiny tables, but I could not hear the person across from me without yelling. Plates were constantly crashing into the floor.Service: We had 2 waitresses, but somehow still managed constant empty water glasses, didn't get our bread basket until we requested it (even though every other table had it) and the front service was also rather rude.Food: The appetizers themselves took almost half an hours to arrive. Taste was okay, polenta was bland. Bruschetta was nothing special. The pastas were the REAL disappointment. The mushroom ragu tagliatelle and lasagna was way overdone. I was looking forward to the 'house-made pasta' but it was just soggy and limpy. There was very little flavor in the mushroom ragu. The maccheroni was cooked okay but again, taste was very bland. The Cavatelli with the sausage and spinach was the only thing that tasted good, but my friend who ordered it came away with a terrible stomachache the next day. The pizza was nothing special either. ONLY good thing was the serving size. They were HUGE. But since everything tasted so terrible it was more of a hassle to try to finish it off when I got home. (I split it into 2 meals). The dessert tastes good, but is overpriced, and what can go wrong with gelato?I'm open to all kinds of food but this was just not good food. I certainly do not understand why it was so busy. We had been so excited and made a reservation quite in advance due to the fact that our friend who tried to go before without one was told there would be a 3 hour wait. Avoid this place if you're looking for hearty italian!
5	Simply put, this is one of Pittsburgh's BEST restaurants. No questions asked. Unlike many "Italian" (yes, in quotations) restaurants that serve Italian-American, Piccolo Forno serves the real deal - Italian food straight from the mountains of Tuscany.Everything is homemade here - from the pasta and soups to the pizza. And you honestly can't go wrong with anything on the menu. I always really look forward to having a meal here, whether its a casual "stop in" lunch with some friends or a more formal night out with my wife.The food is great, and the service is top notch. This, without question, is one of Pittsburgh's true gems when it comes to authentic Italian food.
4	Great BYOB Italian restaurant. Very trendy crowd. Hipster nation. lol. But come early, they don't take reservations. Which is so annoying!  But the food is great. The pasta is home made! Not out of a box.
3	The location and seeing are great.  The food was all ok, but nothing spectacular.  It all looked great, but in the end it was a bit forgettable.  The polenta appetizer was disappointg.  The Lamb Ragu was ok, but nothing special.  The atmosphere almost pulled it up to four stars, but in the end, the food just doesn't justify it.
5	The pizza is to die for! Worth the long wait on the weekend.
5	Piccolo Forno is in my shortlist for favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. It's small, intimate atmosphere lacks the pretentiousness that one might expect at first glance, and the prices are very reasonable.I've tried so many items on the menu and I've never been disappointed. Some of their dishes are almost too rich, but that's less of a complaint and more of an observation, as I've never left without feeling satisfied with my meal! If you want to guarantee yourself a great meal, get the lasagna. You'll be craving it again and again after the first bite. You simply can't beat homemade pastas, either.Even as I sit here trying to think of one of my less memorable meals, I can't remember one. The pizzas are excellent, the salads are large and good (especially with their simple oil and vinegar dressing), and the appetizers always please the palate.It's a perfect date night spot, as much as it's a perfect casual place to stop in for lunch or dinner. The wait can be rough during peak times, and reservations are typically only for larger groups (6 or more, if I remember correctly), but it's one of the few restaurants where I'm willing to suffer through a wait.So, if you're looking for great Italian food, good service, and a nice BYOB place, be sure to make Piccolo Forno a priority!
4	As a foodie, a two hour wait would turn me away, no ifs ands or buts about it! However the friends I was with said they were well prepared for this type of wait, since they have been here before. So we checked in our wine, since the restaurant is a BYOB, and headed to the Round Corner Cantina for some pre-dinner drinks. I have to say the bar across the street must make bank, since people seem to wait for this restaurant and directly head to the bar. When our two hour wait, which I have to give it to the hosts, their quote time was pretty accurate, was over it was on for me to finally see and taste what my friends have been talking about. Their interior design reminds me of a little Italian place, especially with the open wood fired oven. Ugh! it was beautiful, like Tuscan Italy beautiful. And the atmosphere to go with it, just flowed, the waitress was hip and knew her stuff. Now I knew we were going in to have their pizza, but I did get a chance to look at their website prior to our arrival and noticed that they have salads, pastas, appetizers, and desserts that may be worth trying one day. Actually I'd love to head back to try it all, that's how I feel about this place. It's definitely a hole in the wall, hip spot for all ages. We ordered their bruschetta, which also offer's roasted pepper spread and olive tapenade. They were perfect, a perfect start to the pizza's we ordered. Quattro Formaggi, which is their white pizza topped with four cheese, ricotto cheese, gorgonzola, fresh mozzarella, and crotonese.  We actually ordered two of these, and yes you could individually taste each cheese, absolutely amazing especially being baked in their wood fired oven. Our other pizza, which was just as amazing, Salsiccia e Cipolle, crushed tomatoes, mozzarella, sausage, red onions and fennel. And didn't we devour them all. It was such a perfect night, each pizza you could taste each individual ingredient, and that's not a bad thing because they all balance each other out. Ugh I'm hungry thinking about it. I give this place a thumbs up all the way. I can't wait to head back and try many of their different menu options.
5	The only way I have been able to describe my dinner from tonight is the best Italian meal I have ever eaten out.  It was simply amazing.  Honestly, I ordered based off of one of the pictures that was posted on Yelp.  I was so entertained by the look and presentation of the Rotolo Trecolori that I forced myself to order it, and I am so happy that I did.The crepe that the spinach, shredded carrots, and red peppers were wrapped in was perfectly light.  The combination of flavors and the addition of the delectable gruyere cheese sauce were what made this plate so memorable.  I cannot wait to come back here.  It is going to be hard to not order this plate again!
4	It took me years to make it here, and I think it was definitely worth the wait. Fortunately the weather was agreeable, so we got to sit outside, but even if we hadn't, the inside food smells and ambiance would have been just as enjoyable. Our BYOB options paired well with the giant house salad, salmon ravioli, asparagus pesto risotto, and quattro formaggi pizza. Admittedly the pizza was kind of bland, but I hold any pizza up to my favorite local joint in Chicago. There was still room for tiramisu and a bomba (the latter being purse heaven in a bowl).
3	Piccolo Forno, I heard so much about you. And yet I have a fear of bad Italian food so I avoided you and avoided you...and eventually I just had to bite the bullet and make a visit to the most talked about Italian joint in town. Could it beat the reigning champs of my Italian heart, Dish Osteria and Il Pizzaiolo?The answer was no. The pizza here claims to be authentic, but it is not so. The crust is decent, though it could use a bit more char. Where it really goes wrong though is the sauce, which has a strong oregano taste. Generally, authentic Italian pizza uses just crushed San Marzano tomatoes and basil...and I'm not a fan of oregano, so I prefer when places just stick to that simple recipe. It wasn't the worst pizza ever, but it's not as good as Il Pizzaiolo in Mt. Lebanon, which is the only place in the state that is officially VPN-certified to make authentic pizza. If Piccolo Forno is the best pizza you've ever had, take a trip down to the suburbs and prepare to have your mind blown.The pasta, on the other hand, was really delicious. The Maccheroni con Melanzane (basically Italian mac and cheese with eggplant) was creamy, cheesy, and awesome. Again, it doesn't compare to Dish, but I really liked it nonetheless. If I come back, I'll definitely skip the pizza and go straight for the pasta menu!3.5 stars...but I'm rounding down because there is way too much hype for this place and ultimately the pizza was a let down. Not worth waiting 1-2 hours as others seem to have done, but we went early around 5pm and there was no wait at all, and still many empty tables by the time we left.
4	Fantastic atmosphere. BYOB.  Excellent food all around.  Always a delight.
5	it took us a while to get there, but once there, we were hooked! we've been twice now. it's a nice, small place. it's byob with a $5 corkage, $3 for beer. they only take reservations for 5 or more, so unless you get there early, expect to wait. finding a place to park on butler st. is the other situation to deal with. we go early so we don't have to deal with either! our 1st visit was after a long afternoon at the heinz center. we hadn't eaten all day & were starving when we got there! we started with the affettati. it was just what we needed to get the "juices" salivating! they're known for their wood fired grill so we ordered the prosciutto e funghi pizza for me & the speck e mascarpone pizza for tom. all i can say is OMG!!!! that was THE BEST pizza we have ever had! the crust was so thin, so crispy. the sauce was seasoned perfectly. we were in heaven doing our dance of delight! tom got tiramisu for dessert, & i got the chocolate tartufo. i had no idea what tartufo meant, but it must mean excellant! tom loves tiramisu, gets it anytime we're out, his plate was clean!while we were there, a young couple came in with their 2 small children. when they were seated next to us we sort of groaned. it's not that we don't like kids, just not while i'm out to dinner. but as they got situated, we heard them say to the kids-now remember what we talked about with our manners when we're out in public. it was so sweet & refreshing to see parents teaching manners! kudos to that family!our 2nd visit, we tried the crostini di fegato. it was some of the finest pate we have had, so smooth & creamy. we had to try our pizzas again, just to make sure they were as good as we thought the 1st time. YUM, YUM, YUM!!!! we finished with the same 2 desserts. yes, they were that delicious! who knew a little ball of chocolate could make someone so happy!this time, there was a mom with her son & his friend, about 12 or so. the 2 boys talked like 2 little old men who hadn't seen each other in a while. it was too cute! are parents actually teaching kids to behave in public or did we luck out??? who knows, but i digress....we love this place & will be back again & again! we just need try some other items on the menu, but we love what we had so much, it's gonna be tough!
3	Plus one for the BYOB and good company, plus one for the sidewalk table....And then....I try and love the food as much as every one else does, but I just haven't had this feeling yet in all of my visits here. I'm still going to blame it on the things that I order though (calzone) because the gnocchi dish my friends got was outstanding. We were a little annoyed that we had to ask for bread....when all of the tables around us had it already, but we lived. :) So my word of advice would be, go for the pasta, not a calzone and you'll be happy!
5	Utterly delicious. I recommend the Crostini di Polenta and the Florentina Panini
4	I can't believe it's taken me this long to eat here, as Piccolo Forno has been a pretty popular place here for about a year and a half now.  Anyways, I finally made the trek out to Lawrenceville this past week.Fortunately, I was able to walk right up at 6pm on a Friday and get seated immediately.  Couldn't believe it, as I've heard this place usually has a decent wait on the weekends.  I ordered the Quattro Stagioni pizza, which was cut into four separate sections topped with prosciutto, mushrooms, roasted red peppers, and artichokes.   The sauce was sweet, and there was just the right amount of cheese on it.  This isn't a take out style pizza where people seemingly always want more cheese.  I liked it a lot.    Also had the Spinach Canelloni with Gorgonzola Cream.  This was excellent.  Creamy, rich, and baked perfectly .  In all, I had a great first time eating here.  The food is very affordable and you can BYOB ($5 dollar per wine bottle).  A little lacking in atmosphere as the interior is pretty plain and the the restaurant is small, but it's tasty and familiar food.  I'd definitely recommend it.
2	Very crowded and noisy at 6 pm on a Friday. We were seated right away, but both our chairs were in aisle ways, Patrons waiting for a table were bumping into us while we ate. We had the pasta special, butternut squash ravioli. Very salty, not really edible. Butternut squash soup was very different from others; it was not cream based. There were a couple pieces of squash in a soup that was mostly kale. My appetizer, the sweet red peppers with breadcrumbs and Parmesan was superb! Tiramsu was outstanding, The waitress with a piercing in her nose was disgusting in a classy restaurant.....loose the piercing when you are serving others. And please do not take my used fork from my appetizer and put it on the table for later use......get me a new one!  Yuck!!!
3	Several of my friends rave about this place.  My first attempt to eat there was before a Saturday night jazz concert.  The wait was two hours so we passed and ate at Luke Wholey's new place.  On a subsequent Friday night, we were able to be seat immediately.  I was a little taken aback by the size of the place.  It is tiny and thankfully, most diners appeared to have bathed that day, because you practically rub shoulders with other diners (strangers?).  My dining companion has dined here several times and is one of my friends who raves about the place.  But then again, she absolutely raves about any salad with walnuts.  But I digress, she recommended the salmon ravioli which I ordered along with the beef and pork meatballs as an appetizer, oh, as my antipasti choice. The meatballs were delicious.  Easily could be made into an entree choice.  Disappointed that we had to ask for bread and what bread is offered is hard and not replenished.  I was disappointed with the salmon ravioli.  It was incredibly salty and I am usually a saltaholic who adds salt to practically everything.  The salty taste made it difficult to savor the taste of the salmon.  Would I go back?  Probably, I'm anxious to try their pasta, especially the lasagna.  I am a big seafood eater and I would like to see more seafood items on the menu.  As we left, waiting customers spilled onto the street and people were circling looking for a parking space.  We could barely exit the parking lot before someone swooped into our newly-vacant space.
5	there's a reason it is always so crowded, it's just that good. make a reservation or expect to wait.byob and very affordable, there isn't a better option for gourmet Italian in PIttsburgh.
5	Fantastic! They get busy pretty early and make sure that you hear the specials, the specials are amazing! Both my dining partner andI were more than happy!
5	Be prepared for a wait.  Why?  Because it's a damn good restaurant with amazing food at prices that are extremely reasonable for what you are getting. Service was fine when I went.  Everything about this place is just fresh.  BYOB if you want.  And a tip for those who are forced to wait: go across the street to Round Corner for a bit.  You will not be disappointed.
4	Went here for lunch. Very good food. Try the mushroom crespele. Or the spinach ravioli. Very fast and good service. Would like to try for dinner.
3	Piccolo Forno is good.  The restaurant sits on the first floor of a handsome old building and the dining room is well-appointed and complimentary to exterior.I received excellent service during my Tuesday evening dinner.  I also give Piccolo Forno a few extra points for being a BYOB (just be sure to plan ahead).  Piccolo Forno has a great menu, and I would like to try a few more of their dishes (the rabbit, in particular).I ate a lot at Piccolo Forno: bruschette for the first course, linguine with mussels and shrimp for the main, ice cream for dessert, and coffee.  I appreciated the fresh pasta, the sauce was tasty, and mussels tender and flavorful.  The bruschette was a poor choice on my part -- the out of season tomatoes were watery and bitter, which, when simply seated atop toast, makes for a bland dish.  I enjoyed the dessert (Dream Bomba I believe it was called), but a few fresh, housemade dessert options would perfectly compliment a fresh pasta dinner.  All in all a solid restaurant that I would be comfortable recommending to friends.
3	Pretty typical nuovo Italian restaurant.  I can always appreciate the brick oven and the salad was pretty good, but nothing else really stood out.
4	Large portions and great limoncello for dessert!
5	Amazing food. Extremely fresh. Nice staff, intimate setting. Anything on the menu is good.
4	I came here with a big group for my birthday, and it was delicious. The portions are huge, and I really like that it's BYOB and fairly priced. It's crowded, but not loud, and the wait staff is incredibly attentive and friendly. They also let our group bring in a birthday cake and provided knives, plates, etc.I had the wild boar ragu, and it was flavorful and delicious. The noodles themselves were a little over-cooked, but the taste was great. Overall, a great experience, and it's nice that Cantina is right across the street. If Piccolo is crowded, it's nice to grab a drink at Cantina while you wait.
5	This is a great BYOB. I travel to Pittsburgh on business a few times a year. I look to Yelp to find cool places because who really wants to eat (and pay) at the hotel restaurant all the time. I came across this place and I must say its a great find. The food is good, pizza not as much of a crunch as I would like but still good. The place gets very busy but still holds its intimate feel. Yes, from some of the other reviews it gets a tad noisy but not something so bad you could not hear the person across from you. I would defiantly be back.
5	it finally happened. after months of gushing about piccolo forno, we got our friends to eat there!!!! YAY! we all went for my birthday, us & 3 other couples. they're a tough crowd. they're your typical meat & potatoes, don't change a thing, in a rut group. we love them, but it can certainly be difficult to get them to new places. tom & i have endured some bad food for them. i knew they'd like it if they gave it a chance. that the menu items were written in italian, followed by an english translation, would be more than they could handle. didn't matter that it's all food they've eaten before. they didn't understand what byob meant for pete's sake!we were greeted by our lovely server sophia, who now remembers tom & i from our repeat visits. she was very gentle with them. they were astounded that she could remember everyone's order without writting it down! tom & i got the crostini de fegato, we so love that pate! everyone else got house salads & were quite happy with them, impressed by the gorgonzola cheese. 2 of the guys got the special-butternut squash ravioli. they said they never had anything so tasty! their wives got the canelloni di spinaci con crema di gorgonzola & ravioli con burro e salvia. neither is a big eater, & they both took home leftovers, but they ate most of them! my cousin got the lasagna toscano & his wife got a proscuitto e funghi pizza. he's 1/2 italian & his dad is known for his lasagna. they said it was as good as his! i say both because they ended up eating each other's food!!! nothing left! tom got his speck e mascarpone pizza & me my proscuitto e funghi pizza. i did my dance of delight once more. stuffed, we got desserts to go, a tiramisu, a limoncello tartufo, the rest were those heavenly chocolate tartufos. when we had the desserts later, i noticed 1 of the guys didn't get anything. he said he wasn't much of a dessert guy. his wife offered him a taste of her limoncello because she said it was so good. bad move! she had to fight him for the rest! we chocolate tartufos all agreed that you need to have 2 of them, not 1! tom let me have 1 bite of his tiramisu, guarding what was left!we had a marvelous meal together. good friends, good food, good drink. can't wait to go again!
5	This is italian cuisine executed to perfection. Definitely the best if not top 3 BYOB's in Pittsburgh area. Although I have only dined here once, I always find myself wanting to return and try other menu items!
4	I did not dine in so l will speak solely based on the food alone and not service ... I will however say I do like their set up inside its very nice and intimate ....  I ordered their homemade Lasagna Toscana Traditional layered lasagna with fresh pasta, meat ragu, and beschamel cream sauce which was amazing the serving size was huge and the quality was awesome! I love how they changed it up using  beschamel cream sauce. I also took to go the tiramisu which was very good as well...  Check it out u can also byob
4	I have only been here once but was pleased with my mascarpone and spec pizza and fennel salad.  The pizza should have been baked at least another 2 minutes because my crust was on the raw side.  But I like a crispy crust that holds horizontally.  I don't know but maybe they don't make it that well done.  I want to go back and try some other salads and a pasta.I thought the service was very good.  I sat next to a couple of guys who were pretty obnoxious and gave the waitress suggestions on how to improve the menu and she handled it very well.
5	My favorite Italian restaurant in the city! BYOB at $5 a bottle is a steal. Also there is a liquor store two blocks away, which usually takes up the time waiting for a table. They do not take reservations but the meal is always worth the wait, which has never been extremely long. I try not to go during the dinner rush, I like to eat a little bit later, so I avoid the very long waits.The Lasagna is so amazing! There are so many layers and the pasta is so thin. There is also a beschemel sauce on it that just makes it so perfect! It comes out piping hot also and the ingredients taste very fresh.I always have the soup of the day and it's always great. My favorite salad is the mozzarella and tomato. The salads are large portions, enough for two people to split for a first course.If you have room for dessert, splurge on the Tiramisu with an epresso or black coffee. If you don't finish it, the staff will package it up for you to take home. My brother loves the gelato, he orders it every time. The service from the servers is always great. They are prompt and visit the table often. They are knowledgeable about the menu offerings. I have a gluten intolerance and they happily accommodated this, and told me what I could order.
5	We ended up here by chance... Just walked down to Butler Street without definite plans.  Round Corner was packed, so we decided to see about the wait here.  It was 9pm on a Saturday night.  The hostess told us it was only 10 mins, so we decided to stay.  It was a warm night, so we opted for the outdoor seating.  My boyfriend and I decided to split a caprese salad and pizza.  Every smell coming from the other tables was so amazing, I couldn't wait for our food to come.We were not disappointed!  The salad was fresh and yummy, and ohhhh my was the pizza good.  We couldn't help but polish off every last slice!  My only regret was not bringing a bottle of wine since it is BYOB.  Next time (and there will be many "next times") we will be better prepared.  HIGHLY recommend!
3	good food - reasonable prices - BYOB - our waitress was very knowledgeable of the items on the menu
4	BYOB, tasty Italian dishes, wood fired thin crust pizza......all those make me happy and the way they are done at Piccolo Forno makes me a very happy girl! The atmosphere in there makes me feel very cozy and comfy  with all the exposed brick, open kitchen & watching all those pretty luscious smelling pizzas come whizzing by is pretty fun, too. Knowing there is a possibility of a wait, we've always hit Piccolo Forno a bit early and gotten seated immediately. Hope I haven't just sabotaged myself!I learned in Italy that I should always order the spaghetti with shrimp and mussels (in Italy I got clams, too). I was definitely not disappointed doing this here! Although you may have to treat your shirt for red sauce stains, but if you brought red wine you might have that even if you ordered white sauce.On another occasion we've also split the fennel salad (very tasty) and the Quattro Stagioni pizza with 4 separate ingredient sections with artichokes (also an Italian staple, yum!), prosciutto, mushrooms and roasted red peppers. This pizza was amazing. We ordered this same pizza at Pi Coal Fired and  Piccolo Forno blew it away!We're looking forward to working our way through the rest of the menu here - with a great bottle of wine of course!
4	LOVE Piccolo forno, even with the wait.  I usually don't go to places that don't take reservations (although they do for larger parties), this place is worth the wait.  The service is friendly, even when the place is crazy busy.  The best wood-fired pizza!  Just a great neighborhood place to go any time and get delicious, reasonably priced food.  BYOB is a bonus!  Could use a little more sound-absorbing decor...
4	If you've been to Piccolo Forno once, you love it. You know you do. Such a great place complete with a terrific atmosphere, amazingly fresh and authentic Italian food, and its BYOB!! What more could you want? Oh, yeah, the crowds not being there, I get it. But here's a hint, go early. But those that go are in the know. There's a reason people flock here. It's that good.We've been a few times and are always anxious to go back. Yep, we've had pizza of all sorts (with our wine), pasta of all sorts (with our bottle of wine), soups and salads (yep, you guessed it, with our wine) and EVERYTHING has been amazing. The salads are imaginative and filled with fresh ingredients. The pasta is delicious and varied to the point you can get braised boar or braised rabbit with it if you're so inclined. The spinach tagliatelle with the tomato and olive lamb ragu is a clear winner. Or you can try one of my favorites - the Tortelli - yummy dough pockets filled with a blend of pork and beef in a spectacular Bolognese sauce. And the pizzas? Wood fired delights that are covered with fresh mozzarella and a selection of toppings that would make your Italian grandmother envious. I like the Margherita with the option of adding prosciutto, speck, tuna, and gorgonzola.  Eat here. Bring lots of wine. Sit back and enjoy. Oh, and save me a seat.
4	Dinner was fabulous!! We went early on a Saturday night around 5, which was the perfect time! They were busy, but there wasn't a wait for a party of 4.  The menu was unique.  The pizza oven is upstairs so you can watch them being prepared.  The kitchen is in the basement so they bring the meals up with a dumbwaiter.  We started with pizza as an appetizer which I recommend for sure!.  We had the featured pizza of provolone, mascarpone, prosciutto and sweet corn--delish.  We also tried the Capricciosa, which was also very good.  Next we had the house salad which had mixed greens, gorgonzola, red onion and tomato with homemade balsamic vinaigrette.  Nothing that out of the ordinary, but good and a nice light course.I ordered the braised wild boar over fettuccini and it was awesome. It was wild boar braised in a thin red-wine tomato sauce with some carrots, celery and onion then tossed with homemade fettuccini noodles.  I did detect a slight hint of cinnamon or anise maybe?  Something a little different but not off-putting. It was so good, I'd order it again for sure. It was pretty big too.  I took more than half home and had enough for lunch today. My boyfriend had the lasagna he said it was just alright.  It had a lot of layers and he said the pasta was overcooked and a little mushy.      The service was also great, I felt like our server was prompt and professional...but we felt a little rushed...we we were still finishing one course and they were already bringing the next which is an issue only because the tables are so small.  I can't wait to go back!!   I'd definitely recommend.  It would be great for a date night or a girls night out.
3	Good food! BYOB. Probably won't return here again because as we (party of 5) were finishing the last half of our bottle after dessert,  the host came over & said "I'm not kicking you out but we have another party waiting for this table so...."   It was awkward & unprofessional & left us all with a bad taste in our mouth.  No one likes to be rushed out after a nice meal!
5	What a place! Located in trendy Lawrenceville, piccolo Forno had a cozy decor, although it was a bit loud. We showed up in t shirts, which probably wasn't a smart move. Now, onto the food: We started with the meatballs, which were a bit plain but were nonetheless tasty and served with a delicious pesto. For the mains, we had the prosciutto pizzas, with mushrooms and arugula, respectively, and each were delicious and cooked to perfection. The best entree, in my opinion, was the boar pasta, which was flavored excellently.Long story short, I'll try my hardest to come back when I'm in Pittsburgh next.
5	Delicious!  But a little crowded.  It's BYO, so BYO your best!  This is a great place for a date, it's intimate even when crowded, and the appetizers are delicious.  They also do take out, which is great, and they have some of the best, maybe the best pizza I've had in Pittsburgh.. not to discount the pasta though.  I loved the lamb Mediterranean.
4	awesome place, pizza was excellent
4	Having been a 3 year Pittsburgher, I cannot remember a time I left Piccolo Forno without a smiling face. Yes, it is not the best place if you have a problem with waiting outside and yes, it is not ideal for groups more than 4. However, the food inside is very well prepared and you always get what you pay for. The prosciutto+arugula pizza and the melanzane al forno are my personal favorites. The bruschettas are always fresh and the insalate rucola just has the perfect balance of bitterness, crunchiness and acidity. Hands down It is the best BYOB in Pittsburgh.  I always trust Piccolo Forno with my guests and hey, my girlfriend loves it too!
5	Piccolo is amazing! I love the ambiance, the  service rocks, the food is delicious. My all star list includes- chicken liver pate, bruschetta, the arugula salad, spek and mascarpone pizza, lasagne, and the sage ravioli. But really I've never had anything that I didn't like. The wait is long. The restaurant is busy. I love it! Bring a bottle of wine and enjoy.
4	BYOB!!!!  Delicious homemade pastas, great atmosphere.  I had the smoked salmon raviolis - so good! Want to go back to try the wood fired pizza.  There were quite a few things on the menu that appealed to me so I know I'll be back.  Prices were very reasonable. Dessert was caramel wrapped in a peanut butter gelato that was then wrapped in a chocolate shell - OH. MY. GOD. The only problem was I had to share.  Will definitely be back!  There is a bit of a wait - it's not a huge place and they only do limited reservations for larger groups (5-8) so either prepare for a wait (on a busy Fri. night it was a 90 min wait) or eat later in the evening when the crowd dies down a little (we went at 10 - no wait).
5	Piccolo forno is, hands down, the best value for food in the city that I have come across. I've been half a dozen or more times since I moved to Pitt and Piccolo Forno has never disappointed me. If you've never been before, at least one person at your party should order the marscapone y speck pizza to share with the group. It is simply delightful.Portions are extremely reasonable- I'm a normal sized, younger man and I'll eat 6/8 slices at dinner and not leave hungry. Prices feel extremely low (13-15) for a pizza of such insanely high quality. BYOB makes this place the highest value restaurant I can think of. The only downside of the restaurant is that they do not take reservations. They will, however, call you so what I've always done- either in a group of 2, 3, 4, or 6, is to place the reservation and head across the street to round corner cantina to enjoy a drink while we wait. I recommend you do the same as the wait will often be 30-50 minutes if you arrive during prime time.
3	Boy is it hard to get a seat at this place.  On my first visit we went as early as possible on a Friday evening and waited about 1.5 hours. They only take reservations if you have a party of 5 or more. This time around we had a group of 8 but could only get reservations at 9 pm on a Friday. We knew ahead of time that you entire party needs to be present before they will seat you however the party ahead of us ran over and we weren't seated until about 9:20.  The food here is worth the wait. I recommend their pizzas. They are baked in the brick oven with fresh ingredients all at a reasonable price.  I ordered the bianco with fresh tomatoes and mozzarella-just scrumptious and large enough to take a piece or two home. It tasted just as fantastic the next day. Others in our party ordered the pasta fagioli was looked delicious.  I was a little disappointed that they were all out of their specials since it was so late but I guess that is to be expected. This place is BYOB and they do charge a corkage fee of $5 per wine bottle and $1 per beer. Our waitress was very friendly and did a great job with the large party of 8.  The inside has such a warm and cozy atmosphere, makes you feel like you are in your Italian Grandma's kitchen!
4	First off, we waited 90 minutes for a table for two. The wait wasn't too bad because we walked around Lawrenceville, and the hostess gave us a call when the table was ready. Also, Piccolo is has an accommodating BYOB policy and will keep your wine in a stool while you wait.Food wise, we started with liver patee. It was served with peas and pickled red onions. I think the items complimented each other well. (This appetizer was reminiscent of ones I am accustomed to having during Russian dinners). For the main course, we split a brick oven pizza with prosciutto and mushrooms. The ingredients were fresh, the cheese was pure, and the prosciutto was served cold (as it should be). My only complaint was that the pizza wasn't as crispy or charcoaled as I like.Lastly, the restaurant was dimly lit giving it an intimate ambiance. I liked how the kitchen was open and you could see the chefs cooking the food.
2	Arrived at 6:45 pm on a Wednesday.  Table for 4?  The wait will be 60+ minutes.  There was no waiting area.  No bar to wait for our table.  Since it was FREEZING outside, we couldn't enjoy Lawrenceville.  There were 2 options:  Sit in the car and wait OR find another venue.  So... we went elsewhere.  I did see a few open tables that I'm sure were reserved, but if they were told 60+ minutes on a Wednesday... they probably did what we did, too.Maybe we can try again for ... Saturday lunch?  Hopefully then the wait will be less ridiculous.
5	Two words. Fresh pasta. I am there. I had the ricotta cavatelli with sausage and rapini. It was delicious. Because my friend and I started with the charcuterie plate, I was full after eating half of my pasta. This was absolutely perfect, because I was able to enjoy the pasta again the next day for lunch!My other favorite thing about this place is that it is BYOB. How perfect! I can't wait to go back and try the pizzas!
5	Delicious! Started with the meat and cheese tray which was absolutely great. Had the lasagna--noodles just melt in your mouth. Pasta made fresh. We also got the pizza that had 4 different types. The mushroom section was my personal favorite. What makes this place even better is that it's BYOB! You bring it, they cork it for you. If you are in this neighborhood you've got to try it!
3	Nice atmosphere, great price, good service.  Seems like it is an upscale flatbread pizza place because I had the wild boar pasta dish and my wife had the lasagne and neither was that great.  I guess we expected more but I would prefer a good old Italian style tried and true lasagne to one with a different type of meat--maybe the boar.  My dish tasted like pulled pork in noodles with hint of barbecue-not a good combination.  Menu did not have any decent pasta options other than pizza.
5	Different styles and flavors from Pizzaiolo, but a great rival. Will not be disappointed with any of the pasta or pizza selections. BYOB is also a plus.
1	An over priced pizza place that also serve some crude and basic Italian food (no, there is nothing special about it). It also has one of the worst stuff and service we have ever seen. The BYOB is probably the only bright point here. If you are for a good pizza you would do so much better up the road at the church brewery, with better ambiance and food and without the disrespectful crew, waiting in the cold by the door etc. I would never step in this place again and neither should you.
3	Overall I didn't like the experience that much. The bruschetta appetizer was very good, the best part of the meal. I got saussage and fennel pizza which the taste was ok ok. We got tiramisu for dessert which wasn't very authentic. They added lemon to the cream or something like that. The waitress was kinda all over the place as well. She forgot plates at the beginning and then brought my food 10 minute before my friend's so mine was just sitting there getting cold.
4	Ravioli stuffed with squash was very nice. Great atmosphere. Friendly service. And most importantly BYOB!!!
4	Piccolo Forno has been on a long list of restaurants-to-try for a couple years, and I finally came here on Saturday evening with a group of girls. The restaurant did not disappoint!Our group of 5 arrived at 5pm, but the restaurant already had a 75-90 minute wait. We were told that a table of 4 would only be 40 minutes... However, we had 5 of us, and there was nothing that we could do to change that! Instead, we decided to spend our long wait at the nearby Arsenal (which I highly recommend doing).I guess there is only one table for 5 at the restaurant... I'm not sure... but when we went back at 6:30, we were told that the table had been occupied for 3 hours. To avoid waiting even longer, we just squished at a little table for 4. The waitress quickly brought a small basket of bread and butter. It was absolutely delicious! I don't know where their butter is from, but just know that it tasted heavenly. Plus, I loved that the restaurant is BYOB. Some of the girls brought bottles of wine, which were immediately popped open. We were charged only one cork fee of $5 - what a deal!We shared two appetizers. I am completely blanking on what one of them was... eggplant maybe?... but the second was, I believe, the Affettati, which was a small plate of meats and cheeses. Though the Affettati was tasty, I don't necessarily think that it was worth its $10 price point.I was torn between the pizza and the pasta, but when I saw some tasty-looking ravioli options, I just had to go with pasta! I settled on the Ravioli con Burro e Salvia (spinach-filled ravioli drizzled with sage butter). It was absolutely incredible. I just recently dined at a highly rated Italian restaurant in the Theater District in New York City, and this pasta absolutely destroyed the three pastas that I tried there.I can't wait to come back and try some more food. I have a feeling that after trying some more food - and a little less frustration over wait time - I'll be moving this 4 1/2 star review up to 5 stars.
4	I dined with fellow Yelper Kimberly B a few weeks ago here.  As she noted, even though we arrived relatively late, there was still a wait, so we headed across the street to Franktuary to have a drink.  I didn't mind the wait so much with a beer in front of me, and the 20 mins or so went pretty quickly.  The pizza we ordered (4 cheese) was excellent, as was my main - Tortelli.  The meat inside was nicely seasoned and flavorful, and the pasta shell was perfectly done.  I love BYOB restaurants - especially when they have great food.  Nicely done Piccolo Forno!
5	Piccolo Forno has to be, hands down, one of my favorite Pittsburgh restaurants.  Before I get into the love-fest, I have to say the initial thing that annoys me: you can't make a reservation unless your party is of 5/6 or more, and you can't get a reservation for over 10.  That said, it's a small place and you can generally get a drink across the street at Round Corner Cantina or Franktuary (I'd go with the former).But, onto PF.  It's byob. This is key.The salads are very good and well-rounded.  I highly recommend the seafood salad or the insalata miste.  The appetizers are also very nicely done.  There are two types of bruschetta, one a tomato-based and one an olive tapenade.  I'm particular to the olive.  They usually have a decent meat and cheese plate as well, with excellent cured meats.  It's been a long time since I've had pasta there, because the wood-fire cooked pizzas are too difficult to pass up!  My favorite is the Pizze Cappriciosa, which has prosciutto, artichokes, olives, etc., and topped with fried egg.  The fried egg really makes the dish, which is an excellent blend of salty and savory, which balance out the natural acidity of the tomato sauce.  I'd even say the darned thing reheats really well, too!Other great pizzas include the Funghi, Quattro Formaggi, and the Quattro Stagioni (four seasons), a past favorite of mine.I've frequently had very good service here as well.  I would highly recommend this place to any Italian food lover!  I easily think it's one of the best "Italian" places in town.
5	The best. Great food, great service, great atmosphere. Anything you select wont disappoint !
5	Piccolo Forno is one of the only places in Pittsburgh I've been to that serves good Italian food including pizza. Most Italian places around here seem to feel that pizza is somehow below them and only serve pasta and entrees. It's pretty cheap for the quality: I've routinely paid more for worse food in Pittsburgh. They also have espresso (not the greatest but very decent) and tiramissu.Yes I have to agree with most reviewers here, the service is not always great. Nothing extreme just a bit rough. But then if you really want the whole "how's everything" six times over treatment, Olive Garden has that ... and unlimited bread sticks and Ceaser salad.
3	Ok
1	Not sure why people like this place, the food here tasted like gross canned food.Yuck. If u wanna serve me seafood pasta, please make sure that it does not stink. The spaghetti ordered by my husband seemed like Canned pasta sauce and boiled   Spaghetti. The quantity of food, my god! wow who eats that much food! It might be the worst Italian food I have ever had.
4	We went to Piccolo for our friend's bachelorette party- they reserved us a table in the back  (so it was pretty private) and we had the most amazing time roasting our bride to be!  I ordered the butternut squash ravioli and my only real regret was not being closer to the other bridesmaids so I could steal their food. I definitely want to take my husband or family back so I can try more of their specialties.  Combine that with their BYOB policy and the price is right- a cheap date night!!
4	I've been meaning to eat there for a few years, and I've tried at least 4 times... And every time I went I was told that there was a one or two hour line... Ahem, pizza's good but not that good, and anyway the kitchen closes at 11:00pm. The nice host was always appropriately saddened to give me the news.But on Wednesday, at my 5th attempt, I got a table. So folks go there on wednesday.We had two pizzas: 4 cheese and ham/mushrooms etc. The second pizza was very tasty, the 4 cheese one just good (one of the cheeses was a bit too sweet). Overall, it was a very enjoyable dinner. The tiramisu was excellent, surprisingly light. The menu includes some antipasti (we did not try any but they looked good on our neighbors' tables) pizzas and pastas. Fairly simple menu. nothing fancy.The waiter was also very nice this evening. And it's byob so it's appropriately nice with your wallet. I am not sure I'll be back soon, but if I happen to crave for a pizza and if it's early in the week I'll eat there again.
5	Superb Tuscan food.  Simple (and some not-so-simple) dishes with fresh ingredients, prepared masterfully.  The Tortelli is every bit as good as in Lucca, Tuscany.  I am a regular for. A reason.
4	Pizza was great - myself and the other 3 diners all got pizza and loved them.  Appetizers were not memorable but the side salad was also great.  BYOB is a major perk but the wait (2 1/2 hours on a Saturday) can be a little trying... However we didn't have reservations, so I guess that's expected, and enjoyed some beer and chips at the cantina.  I still prefer Ill pizzaiolo in mt lebanon but this is a good second.
4	I could see my waiter scream inside his head when I asked for just water. It turned out fine for him. I ordered the pomodoro e buffala salad which was amazing. Tortelli was awesome and I really enjoyed the bolognese sauce. We were not rushed, due to the tame lunch crowd, and enjoyed our coffee.
5	Piccolo Forno is my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.The prices are great.  BYOB means I can bring whatever I want to drink, though I have to plan an appropriate quantity of drink.Piccolo is upscale Italian.  Every meal I've had has been amazing.  I've had their panini's, their pizza, and several pasta dishes.Their desert is amazing.  The tiramisu is huge and awesome.Make sure to make a reservation.
4	Oh yum, yum yum. Tastes just like Italy and the pictures on the walls made me think of  when I lived in Florence. It smells and tastes like the real deal! I would say dress casually, but you can snaz it up a bit without looking like a weirdo and it's BYOB, so we just walked on down to the new wine store on the street and grabbed a bottle. The wait was about 25 minutes and they actually called our name as soon as we walked back up from the wine store. Perfetto!
4	Four stars based on the pizza only. The pasta dishes leave something to be desired and are bland in flavor for the most part. The spaghetti with seafood was almost under  al dente and bordered not cooked all the way .. And I LIKE my pasta al dente. The mushroom pasta dish is bland, and the eggplant appetizer also left something to be desired. Go for the pizza, but go elsewhere - maybe to Il Pizzialo for the fresh pasta.
5	Stopped in last night and loved everything about this place. The atmosphere was fantastic and I loved that it was BYOB. The corkage fee was very reasonable and the service was excellent. Will definitely be back in the future.
5	I rave about this place every opportunity I get. The food is fantastic and more than reasonably priced. My friends and I visit regularly and have only ever had one issue with the service. I haven't seen that server since then, so they must keep a good eye. Desserts are usually either house made or flown in from Italy and delicious. Easily one of my favorite places in the city.
5	Fantastic meal! I had the lasagna, and it was a great portion size. I'm the type who wants to leave a restaurant full and not thinking about what kind of cereal I am going to have when I get home. Here, I couldn't even finish the meal! And it was hot when it was served! Very fresh!Great ambience!The staff was extremely friendly! Went for my sister's birthday and they were very polite and took our cake and chilled the wine. The restaurant is great inside also with a modern, friendly atmosphere that is perpetuated by the great staff.Affordable!Nothing on the menu is over $20. For 7 people, the bill was only $160! And it is BYOB with only a small corkage fee of $5 per bottle (not cup like other restaurants).
4	I am thrilled to update my previous review with a more positive experience.  My friends and I made another attempt at Piccolo Forno and after an hour wait, we finally made it in.  Was the wait worth it?  Yes, but I was getting hangry...As we snacked on our appetizers - Bruchetta and Affettati - my hangry side subsided and I was able to savor the delicious cured meats and creamy cheeses.  Okay maybe I'll give this place a fair shot.Then our entrees arrived - Prosciutto e Funghi, Tortelli, Cavatelli con Salsiccia e Rapini, and my selection Agnolotti di Piselli - sweet pea filled agnolotti with pancetta and wild mushrooms.  TASTE EXPLOSION!  The bright green sweet pea filled agnolotti were the perfect complement to the savory mushrooms.  The crispy panchetta provided the textural and salty flavor needed to complete the dish.  Did I lick the plate?  No, but I was close.Dessert?  Well sure, why not?  When in Rome...House made Tiramisu and other sorbetto arrived at our table... but didn't stay on the plate for long.  A perfect ending to a perfect meal.My only complaint is the wait time.  In most restaurants, hanging around after the bill is brought is fine.  However when people hanging out, not ordering additional items, and sipping on their BYOB - these patrons are costing you business.  There either need to be more tables or an increased sense of urgency to move tables.  We were told a 30 minute wait.  It turned out to be an hour because our 4 top table was taken by 2 diners who decided to chat for 30 minutes after their meal.  Yes it's a causal and intimate atmosphere, but these customers are costing you money. The only thing preventing me from awarding Piccolo Forno from the coveted 5 stars is the wait time.By the way - this is a BYOB establishment.
5	Rustic Italian food at its very best! There is a very good reason Piccolo Forno remains a regular in Pittsburgh's Best Restaurant list.  The food was simple yet incredibly flavorsome! To start, we ordered three appetizers to share. The best was the Polpete Toscane (three baked beef/pork meatballs with a fresh herb green sauce). The fresh sauce helped cut through the richness of the meatballs which simply dissolved in your mouth. We then ordered mains and I selected the Agnolotti di Piselli pasta. It was absolutely delicious!! The sweet pea filling in the angnolotti was contrasted cleverly with salty pancetta and woody earthiness of wild mushrooms. It was a remarkable combination that I did not expect. We circled our mains around the table and everything was really enjoyable. Of mention is that they make both their  pasta and pizza dough in-house and, boy, does it make a difference! We ended the meal with Tiramasu and Lemoncello Gelato e Sorbetto. The Tiramisu had the surprising but delicious inclusion of orange liquor. We devoured it within seconds! It is a definite must if you still have the tiniest modicum of room left. Finally, the feast was ended with the Limoncello gelato which was a perfect cleansing finish to a very decadent meal.We made reservations for 5 at 6.30 pm but arrived a little sporadically as it coincided with the middle of a torrential downpour. They were kind enough to alter their policy and seat us as we arrived. Our waitress was very attentive and had a great grasp of the menu as she had tried nearly every dish on the menu (speaks for itself!). We all thoroughly enjoyed Piccolo Forno and departed with content bellies. I can't wait to come back and make my through the rest of this incredible menu! Overview:Appetizers -- Crostini di Polenta, Polpete Toscane, AffettatiSalad -- Fagioli Tonno e Cipolle salad, Antipasto di Mare saladMains -- Prosciutto e Funghi pizza, Lasagna Toscana, Spaghetti di Casa con Gamberi e Cozze pasta, Rotolo Trecolori pasta,  Agnolotti di Piselli pastaDessert -- Tiramisu, Limoncello Gelato e SorbettoDrinks -- BYOB, $5 corkage per bottle  Bookings -- 5 or more, all must be present before being seatedPrice -- Great value for quality and portions. Pasta $15-19, Pizza $11-15 , Salad $ 8-11Service -- exceptionally attentive and very helpful
5	My husband and I have been going here for 6 years and we love it each and every time. Consistently delicious Italian food! One of us always has to get a pizza, and the other pasta. The lasagna is definitely the best I've ever tasted. The prosciutto e rucola pizza and the tortellini are two other standbys for us. For starters, get the affetati (meat and cheese) or the fresh seafood salad. The best time to go is definitely for lunch or on a weeknight, unless you have some time to spare.
2	I just don't understand the great ratings.   I really wanted to love this place.  I like the feel of it inside and the service is pretty good.  I have had the pizza 4 times because I really wanted to like it, but it is very bland.  I don't think people in our region have had good pizza, so this seems good to them I guess.  I haven't had other items, except a salad for a starter.  The salad was very good and I might go just for that, but really wanted to find a good pizza place in Pittsburgh.  Oh well.
2	So I should say first  this review is based solely on the service I received yesterday.... I love their food. I've eaten here probably about 20x in the past few years, I even has my bachelorette dinner here and enjoyed it every time. However, yesterday I went for lunch with my 5 month old and my friend with her child. The restaurant wasn't full, in fact it only had one other table occupied with another mom and her toddler. My waitress seemed annoyed that I was there. She slammed drinks on the table, curt responses and a general unpleasant feeling. I can handle all that, but what really pisses me off is when I turned discretely away from the dinning room, draped a blanket over myself and child to nurse her she made appalled faces. Come on people! I'm not having sex on a table, I'm feeding my daughter!!! Not sure if I'll return which makes me sad because I really do enjoy the food and atmosphere and it's a shame that this waitress made me feel unwelcome. And FYI I still left a decent tip because I'm a nice person.
5	Some of the best Italian food family has ever tasted....everything was wonderful, from  Lasagna and pizza to gelato....it was all wonderful
5	One of my favorite BYOB locations in the Pittsburgh area.  Offering a variety of simple and flavorful Italian food.  You can not go wrong with the.  I have never had a bad meal.  The pizza and raviolis are my favorite!
5	I'm actually not fully confident in my ability to write this review without drooling on my keyboard... Piccolo Forno is, in short, AMAZING.  Being the half-blooded carb-loving Italian that I am, I had heard great things about this place before finally checking it out a little over a year ago.  The first plus is that its BYOB. Sure, they charge a corking fee, but unlike most restaurants with a liquor license, you can have the wine/beer/liquor of your choice for a much smaller price. The food... oh the food.  I highly recommend starting with the Affettati plate (meats and cheeses) to tide you over until the real games begin.  As for the main courses, my favorites are the salmon ravioli and the tagliatelle with mushroom ragu.  Even once you're stuffed beyond belief, you'll find room for juuuuust one more bite.Their pizza is also phenomenal.  My favorite combo is pepperoni, basil and ricotta, but you'd be hard pressed to find something that DOESN'T taste good.The only downside is that they don't take reservations for parties of less than 5, and they get rather busy in the evenings, especially on weekends. Be prepared to wait, but also to be pleasantly surprised once you make your way inside.  Worst case scenario, just pop open your bottle of wine to pass the time!I've found the best time to go and not have a wait is on Tuesday or Wednesday evenings.  Each time I've gone on one of these nights, I've been seated immediately with my party of 2-3 people.Buon appetito!
5	Oh the joys.  B Y O BBBBB.  What a special pleasure.This is a lovely little place in Lawrenceville.  That tells you a handful of things.  On Butler street, so hard to park, but you will find something after you troll around a bit.  DOES NOT take a reservation, if you come on a busy night during the main dinner hours, expect to have quite a wait.  I believe you can call ahead and put your name on the list, but am not 100% positive about that.THE FOOD has consistently been excellent.  All of the pizzas are interesting and delicious.  There are rotating seasonal menu items, and usually a special risotto every night.  Ask your server to be honest about what to get, and you likely will not be disappointed.  I have always succumbed to their desserts, only to be soothed into a post-supping coma, never into a ranting rave of disappointment or dejection.Piccolo Forno has continuously maintained a high degree of quality in regards to service, food preparation and authentic italian ingredients.
5	This is hands down the best place to eat in Pittsburgh. My mom and I visited recently and loved it. Bring your own wine is a great idea and makes for a reasonably priced night out. The food isn't just your typical pizza and pasta, offering some new dishes I've never heard of. Highly recommend this restaurant!
5	By far my most favorite Italian spot in the city! I find myself going here for every special occasion to get a margherita pizza. It's the closest one I've found after living in Italy! It's a BYOB so we always grab huge amounts of wine and stay for a while. I'd highly recommend checking this out with family or friends. Be sure to reserve if you have a party greater than 6. You'll have to wait most nights if you're a small party, but it's worth the wait!
5	Oh man so good. I think this is one of the best meals that I have had in a while. My wife is a huge fan of pasta and I can't blame her of course it's delicious. Piccolo is serving up some delicious food that you have to try. I had the "Rotolo Trecolori" which was delicious. I don't know if I can describe the crape, spinich, carrot, pepper, cheese sauce goodness but trust me it was good. I was all like "I got to learn how to make this". Anyway finished off the mean with a very decent espresso and chocolate covered ice cream and left very happy and full.This is a take your friends from out of town type place which is just what we intend to do.
4	Delicious! My boyfriend and I have gone here several times & are never disappointed! I stick to the pizzas simply because I don't like to try new things. However, he orders something different each time and has never been let down. The one thing I will say is the service isn't the greatest. The waitress' always seems to be hanging around instead of taking care of you but the good food makes up for it. That's why I am giving 4 out of 5 stars.
5	As a native New Yorker, I don't think I'm a pizza snob, but I am pretty knowledgeable; and Piccolo Forno's pizzas are among the best I've ever had anywhere. Very thin crusts, imaginative toppings, especially the excellent eggplant.I notice some of the other Yelpers have complained about long waits on popular nights. Well, if a small restaurant has tremendous food, long waits on Friday or Saturday nights are inevitable. We went at 5 pm on Tuesday night...were going to a Pirates game at 7 pm...and were seated and served quickly. In a way, Piccolo Forno patrons have the same problem as Pirates fans: Used to be you could walk up to the ticket window 10 minutes before game time and get great seats twenty rows behind home plate. Now you're lucky to get seats a hundred feet above the left fielder.  Produce a great product and more customers show up.
5	This was my second time here and I can say I was extremely satisfied. I had the Capricciosa pizza which was truly delightful.. Light, crunchy and full of flavor. I also had  their special of the day which was an incredible ravioli dish.. Possibly one of the best pasta I've ever had.
5	This is the best Italian restaurant. I'm Italian so I can honestly say this is authentic and worth every dollar and every minute of a wait for a table. The menu is simple pizza and pasta. The price is right nothing over $20. It's BYOB for wine. I had the polenta appetizer. Delish! And the pesto with walnuts, green peas, and small little potatoes. For dessert the tiramisu was excellent. It's a nice restaurant with brick oven and white marble tables. As I said earlier be prepared to wait for a table. Boun appetito!
5	At last, Yelpers! I've finally had the pleasure to experience Piccolo Forno! I should get a badge just for that! ;) We arrived on a Saturday night and only had to wait about 20 minutes for a table. I was amazed by how awesome the customer service was as the hostess was extremely friendly and offered to hold our wine for us since it's BYOB (My fav! $5/bottle). They call you when you're table is ready.The place is relatively small, but it gives you a very intimate and cozy feeling. At times it seems a little crazy, but you can still hear the person across from you without having to yell. Tables are far enough away as well so you're not hearing conversation from the couple next to you. Our server was very polite and made us feel very welcomed. She explained the menu to us and was super cool about everything. She suggested some good items as well. The food was incredible. We were undecided on what to do for an appetizer and after seeing all of the amazing pizzas come out we went with that. We ordered the Bianca which was just a plain cheese and tomato pizza. I don't know how something that is "plain" can taste so good! It literally melted in your mouth! Not something you hear too often about pizza. We devoured it. Next up, I ordered the Rigatoni con Pesto as my entree. Heaven! What I thought was so interesting was the fact that there wasn't too much sauce on the pasta, yet it was so flavorful! A little truly goes a long way here. It was the perfect blend of not too dry and not an overkill with the sauce. The pesto taste wasn't overwhelming either. Bravo! My only complaint is that the portions (specifically with the entrees) are a little small so I do recommend ordering an appetizer. Four slices of pizza and my meal (... and of course a bottle of wine!!) was plenty to fill me. I can't wait to return and hopefully bring some new people along with me! I love showing people awesome gems like PN!
5	Went here on my birthday months ago but I still think of how good the food was. I had the wild boar pasta. amazing. We also had there version of a caprese salad so good! In fact the food was so good I had to order a pizza to go as I had no left overs to take home. I also enjoy that's it's BYOB. I took a nice bottle of wine and I don't think they charged me a bottle fee. In the end. I can't wait to go back. Only issue would be parking sucks on butler street during peek hours.
5	We ate there on Saturday night 9-6 with another couple.  Service was terrific - kudos to Charlie!  My wife and I had the pasta fagioli soup to start, which was awesome.  She had the spinach ravioli and I had the eggplant "mac & cheese," which were both prepared perfectly.  We finished by splitting the terrific tirmasu.  And we got out of there for $60 before the tip.  We will definitely go back.
5	Bonkers amazing for the price point. We usually like to come here for lunch on the weekends - as early as possible, because it gets rather hectic. I haven't ever tried to beat the dinner crowds, because I've heard it's so hard to get a table here in the evenings.We usually like to get an appetizer, a pizza, and a salad to share - never lets us down, although I will say that their pappardelle and coniglio (rabbit) dish is also amazing. We've had most of the things on the menu, and I can honestly say that nothing has ever let us down. We like the funghi and prosciutto pizza the best, although the one with arugula is crazy delicious as well.We haven't ever had bad service here in the many, many times we've visited, and I think it's because we are visiting at less busy times. This would definitely be a difficult place to bring a large party to, unless you had worked out reservations well in advance.Love it. Will be back. Often. Hope you enjoy it too... but not too much, because then it would be hard for us to get in!Ah, I almost forgot - parking sucks if you can't get into their small lot across the street from Round Corner Cafe. Be willing to hoof it a bit, but it's well worth it!
5	This is the only place I have ever eaten in the U.S. where the food actually tastes like it does in Italy. ESPECIALLY if you get anything that's a ragu or bolognese style sauce.This may be my favorite restaurant in the Burgh. If nothing else, it's at least my favorite Italian restaurant. I've had half a dozen or so pasta dishes off the menu as well as a handful of their pizzas and appetizers. The only thing I've ever ordered that I was unhappy with was a fairly loaded down pizza that included a fried egg. The center five inches or so of my crust wasn't really done, though under the weight of all those toppings, I understand. Every other pizza I've had has been perfectly made.The pastas are all from scratch, as are the sauces and they have a depth of flavor that is simply head and shoulders above anything else you will find in Pittsburgh. The atmosphere is lovely, though tightly packed. Get here early on a weekend night for dinner or be prepared to wait an hour or two. (Totally worth it, so head across the street to the Cantina or down a block to the coffee shop while you wait, they'll call your cell when your table is up.)Extra bonus, this place is BYOB. We love to come here with friends and bring a few bottles of our favorite wines from home. This cuts the cost of a night out dramatically and by bringing a bottle of our favorite wine, you can pretty easily escape this place for around $50-75/couple with salad, entree and a shared dessert. Amazing pricing for the quality of what it is.Close your eyes and point at the menu and order whatever it lands on. You won't be sorry!
5	great food, the butternut squash ravioli was excellent! It's BYOB which is great, but it's on the small side, so expect a long wait on peak hours
5	I was in Pittsburg last night visiting friends and was told that we were going to "try" to get a table at the "best Italian restaurant" in Pittsburg. Needless to say, I was excited when I found out that they had hand tossed pizza and hand made pasta. We arrived and only waited 15-20 minutes to be seating while I was eyeing every plate that I could. The aromas were amazing. The atmosphere was very laid back...oh, and I must mention that this restaurant is BYO! (A modest $5 corking fee). We brought our own wine!Now, for the meal. The only difficulty is that they were out of butternut squash for the evening but that didn't matter because literally everything sounded amazing. We opted for the margherita pizza with prosciutto and basil to start and a basic salad. Both were unbelievable. Now, this isn't your average pizza. This is definitely a treat. Then we ordered our pasta. We opted for the spinach-filled ravioli and the roasted eggplant rigatoni. These were absolutely divine!!! The portions were hefty and the flavors were still on my tongue when I woke up. It was that good. I would make this a must for anyone visiting the area!
1	Fantastic restaurant, terrible dining experience.I went to give a try after reading so many positive reviews. When I got in the lady at the reception sat me down really quickly (it was 4 pm so quite open). Then the waiter came and told me they are on a time constraint, okay, I'm fine with that too. To help quicken the process I ordered the soup straight away. Then this was where it went wrong: he rushed back and ask me what to order, after 2 minutes I sat down! I used another minute and ordered an appetizer and main course. Surprisingly,The main course came first! The food turned out to be fantastic so I let that go. Then the appetizer came, also pretty good. I went by myself so I got a small table, and having both appetizer and main dish on the same time barely left space for anything else. Then while I was working on my food, the waiter came to ask if I want anything else. I ordered a cappuccino, and specified "after when I'm done". And it came in 1 minute. Good job in getting things down, at the wrong time! Now with three items on the table and a plate and basket of bread (which, btw, is stone cold), the table got too bloody busy. Maybe he didn't hear me asking to serve the cappuccino at the end, but he would if he wasn't rushing! Any waiter who is not trying to push customer out of door should know to serve it last! In a restaurant like this I expect to enjoy my food, and I can totally see how I should be able to do so under so much stupid pressure. Oh by the way, I asked before I left, they didn't have a clear reason to be rushing. And it looked like I was the only one that was treated that way.
4	The restaurant is small and clean and the servers are super friendly. They're usually slammed on the weekends, but our table of three managed to get a table within 40 minutes.Our server was wonderful even while busy, our food came super fast, and it was EXCELLENT. The server Sofia was very knowledgeable about the menu and very attentive to our table.Do yourself a favor and get the braised rabbit. It was excellent! Plus we got the peanut butter gelato with a caramel center for dessert. It was heavenly.
1	We were in town for work and myself and 3 coworkers went here for lunch.  We arrived at about 12:10.  The restaurant was small and clean.  The server wasn't overly friendly but that was only the start of the problems. Two of us ordered the same thing, and the third and forth ordered different things.  The waitress returned to tell us that they were out of what the two of us ordered, and what else there were out of, which was about 6 other things. The sandwich I ordered came with a bean salad.  I passed on that.  My sandwich came cold and drowning in pesto.  She never returned to ask how things were so I didn't have the chance to send it back. When she came back to bring the checks we all had empty glasses.  At this point I let her know that it was cold. She didn't apologize or anything, just took my plate.  She ended up taking 20% off my check. Considering I ate half the sandwich and didn't get the bean salad, I figure she should have charged me only 20%.
4	Here's my tl;dr for this placeGreat sandwiches and coffeeSome of the pizzas are questionable, some are very good Pasta is good but isn't greatLong wait times for dinner almost always
5	Went on a Tuesday night around 6 pm and about half the tables were available in a lovely surprise. Got the appetizer involving some charcuterie (pepperoni and prosciutto) and cheeses, which was tasty. I ended up with the cannelloni di carne, which was an excellent dish filled with pork and prosciutto and squash and my dining partner got the tagliatelle con ragu di agnello, which really had a lovely lamb flavor all over the pasta. The service was helpful and polite and would return again for a special dinner. The real question is can I really limit myself to one entree next time?
4	I've dined at Piccolo Forno on five separate occasions, actually. Somehow have not yet gotten to writing about it. Each experience has been different, but there has always been one consistency: the food.The food is always rustic, italian deliciousness. I typically will order the prosciutto e arugula pizza, as it is a personal favorite style of preparation, but I have also ordered the eggplant parmesan pasta. Equally delicious.The reason I do not give Piccolo five stars is this: staff is often inconsistent. On three separate occasions, I had great experiences. On two of the occasions, the hostesses and the waitresses could not have been more ambivalent of our tables existence. Nonetheless, I am sure I will dine there again.
5	What can I say about Piccolo Forno that hasn't already been said in all the wonderful reviews on this page?  My husband and I go here several times a week since our business is up the street.  Not only do they have the best food and ambiance, the staff there is just so great.  Always service with a smile.  Whenever I go there, I always know that I'm going to have a great meal and a great experience.
4	A tasty Lawrenceville bistro indeed.  We have visited the restaurant twice and not been let down by the menu.  The pizza was done well, though the sauce was a bit on the sweet side for my taste.  My husband had a very inventive and tasty vegetarian crepes dish that was pure mouth-watering.  The squid ink Spaghetti neri is pretty good--fresh and well seasoned.  Our service was impeccable.  I didn't much care for the atmosphere, though both times we've been stuck in the back portion of the restaurant, which made me feel as though I was at some Panera somewhere...when I am paying $20 a plate + drinks and appitizers, I do expect a bit more ambience than that.
5	Some of the best Italian in the city! Consistently good good and great atmosphere. Love it!
4	Pretty good Italian food. We had the Lasagna Toscana and the Macchheroni something or other. The Lasagna was my favorite,  the Maccheroni wad a rigatoni dish covered in bechamel, and could definitely have used more veggies,  such as brocolli or asparagus.  I prefer lots of veggies with my pasta to offset the carbs, and for some reason,  they don't offer many veggies in any of their pastas. It was almost like you had to choose - pick protein,  or veggies,  but you can't have much of both. I found that strange.Overall,  the quality was definitely there,  and I will go back to try the antipasti di mare and the tiramisu for sure. One of the better places in Pittsburgh that I have tried.
5	Amazing as always.  The squid ink spaghetti with shrimp brought back fond memories of Venice.  The pizza we had as an appetizer was thin and delish.  Service was wonderful.  BYOB which is always a plus.  My favorite Italian in Pgh which is saying something.  It's crowded for a reason.  Worth the wait.
5	Delicious. We went for lunch on a weekday so it wasn't crowded. We ordered a pizza with speck and mascarpone, and lasagna bolognese. The pizza was really tasty; the crust was thin, crispy, and chewy with good flavor, the toppings were good quality, and the sauce was really nice with a fresh tomato flavor. (In fact, it inspired me to change my own pizza sauce recipe at home!) The lasagna was amazing. The layers of fresh noodles were perfectly tender and the meat and sauces had excellent flavor. I really look forward to going back and trying out more items.
4	I've eaten there twice now, and both times have been satisfying. I think I'd rate the dish I had the second time higher than the first. It was a pasta dish with a ground wild boar meat sauce, spiced with cloves, star anise and some other good stuff. I quite enjoyed it. The other two dishes ordered were similarly pleasing. The prices aren't inflated. One of the better Italian places in Pittsburgh/
4	Yum!   This spot serves up some delicious Italian and its BYOB.   I'm a creature of habit when I go here.   A bowl of pasta fagioli and a salad.  The soup is hearty, meat free and HUGE.  The salads are also massive.  If you are looking for a side salad, you are out of luck.  Ask your date to split it or you won't have room for your meal.  I follow up this healthy start with the Dream Bomba.  Gelato in a chocolate candy coated shell with peanut butter and a caramel center????   Who could resist topping their meal off with that?  I also recommend their pizzas and the homemade risotto which is creamy and delicious.  It's not a huge place so at dinner time and particularly weekends, be prepared for a long wait (and not in the restaurant because there isn't much standing room.)
