4	#1 rated italian chain restaurant in consumer reports, so had to give it a try.  appetizers were good, though a little on the salty side.  nice crisp cold italian salad.  my entree was the pasta wessie, which is "shrimp sauteed in a garlic, lemon butter, white wine sauce with sauteed mushrooms and scallions, served over fettucini alfredo".  was pretty good, but could only finish 3/4's of it.  any time i have fettucini alfredo, it gets too rich for me.  good prices too.
4	This place is recommended fairly highly mostly for how the meal starts out.They bring out oil and warm bread but they sprinkle spices on a small plate before pouring the oil.  It is a simple but the best olive oil and bread combination I have had at any Italain restaurant.They have 2 outstanding appetizers:  the Scotty Thompson and calamari with red sauce.  They have another sauce but it's not good.  The Scotty Thompson is off-menu and not always available.  It is a simple bruschetta with cheese and red sauce that is surprisingly good.Their soups are good to outstanding.  My favorite is the spicy sausage and lentil but it's not always available.  Their soups are better than their salads.  The house is bland and the Ceasar's not much better.When it comes to entrees they drop off a bit.  B&B and Circo are better but their steak and double pork chop marsalas are pretty good.  For 2 people who share an appetizer and don't get wine, you can keep it under $60 including the tip.  We have never gotten to dessert because we are stuffed by then.  As a value, it is definitely recommended.
4	So much freakin food!!  My advice to you would be to enjoy the wonderful bread and oil they serve, just order the entree and you'd be full enough.  We for some reason opted for an appetizer along with soup (soup was the killer!) we were SOOOO full by the time the entrees came we just boxed it up and ate it the next day.  Still good though.  Definitely the best Italian chain restaurant I've ever been to.
4	Carrabba's is one of the better franchise Italian restaurants.  Yea it's a chain, but it kicks the crap out of Olive Garden. Obviously, that's not really saying much. The food is pretty good and I'm a guinea from New York so thats saying something. The service is good too. It's not the best Italian in town, doesn't scream authentic Italian. It's Americanized Italian, just like 90 percent of the country is used to. But for being convenient and cheap it's a good package. The service is always great as well.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this place.  Generally I am not a fan of chain Italian.  Tried  not to overindulge in the warm bread and oil/spice combination without much success.  Had the crab cakes for appetizers and the chicken trio for my main meal.  For my my side I chose pasta.   Everything was really good.  Very generous portions, enough for lunch the next day.  I will come back.  The service was excellent..
4	ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh Carrabba's.  my favorite neighborhood italian restaurant.  they really take care of me here.  service is TOP NOTCH.  my wine glass is NEVER empty....EVER.  I like that.  Food is always good.  Thanks Carraba's...keep it up.  I will keep coming back.  Love WINE WEDNESDAYS!  YES!
1	Standard Italian meal.  Nothing really spectacular about this place.  The food was good and came out hot.  If my boyfriend did not get a gift card to this place, I double we would have gone to eat here.  The prices are quiet high.  The only thing that bothered me was when they seated us (just two people) they took us all the way to the back of the restaurant where there was another group.  After the other group left, the workers proceeded to apparently use our eating area as a meeting place to discuss their weekend stories and then actually had the nerve to VACUUM the entire area around us WHILE we were eating!  Who does that?!?  I couldn't believe that even after they had the nerve to vacuum, they started moving tables around us to pick things up off the floor and blocked us in with all the surrounding tables.  Bad service- ok food... no reason to go back here.
4	Came here with a couple of friends while in Vegas. A bit far away from the strip, but well worth the drive. Great Italian food for a decent price. One of the best things here is their bread and the olive oil herb dip. The portions are large and tasty.
1	OK??? No offense, but anyone who gives this place a 5 stars is on something.  Not onto something... on something.  Whatever you wanna call it, meth, speed, crank, ice, rock.  Must be some good ish. Or you've never had italian food before in which this will do.This place sucks on so many levels I cant even write a full review without getting turrets. "Ahh F' u suck Carrabba's! ahh" OK I'll try...My first nightmare at the Henderson Carrabba's was terrible.  Cold food, bad service. I didn't leave a tip.  Terrible experience.But my GF wanted to try it one day, so the second nightmare began when I went to eat at this "restaurant" and my date and I decided to eat outdoors.  This was obviously a problem cause we got NO SERVICE AT ALL. I had to walk in and remind them that we were there. WOW. OK so besides this, it's all about the food, right? I order the lasagna and about an hour later when we finally get our food after three or four bread baskets, the lasagna comes out... I begin to eat, biting into the lasagna.  This ish was hard as a rock.  Burnt to a crisp.  Crazy right? After all that time you'd think they'd try to get it right.  They comped the meal, but of course they should have. Ridiculous (not in a good way)... My GF's meal was gross too and we left w/out eating anything. I mean, is there a no stars? CLIFFNOTES: DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT!!! PS: I can't wait til it shuts down.(I had to reedit this and take out all the curse words.)
4	I brought one of my dear friends to this place tonight.  We went after a fun filled day at Red Rock Canyon.  The server was great, bread and drinks came out in a timely manner.  No delay in any parts of the meal, salad and soup came out and the main dish right after.  I wanted to advise that the Pasta Rambo is wonderful for those who enjoy seafood dishes.  I recommend to get it with a choice of crab it brings out the flavor of the lemon butter sauce.  There were mushrooms, tomatoes, and spinach.  I would recommend this place.  I didn't have any problems with the service and the food.
3	Located on the strip. . . not THE Strip, just a long, long strip of strip malls full of chain stores endlessly repeating themselves until you start to feel more than a little insane.  This eatery appears to be one of the better options amidst the sea of Applebees, Taco Bells, and Burger Kings.Standard American-Italian fare, is what you'll enjoy here, with lots of bread and large portions, which were quite welcome to our table of hungry hikers and climbers.  The tomato-basil soup was divine and the chicken marsala with mashed potatoes was A-ok.  My friend had some sort of lobster pasta that she was still swooning over the next day.  Service was energetic and pleasant.  Prices are higher than what you'll pay at other places on this "strip," but the food is noticeably better.  This is no destination restaurant, but if I found myself driving up and down Charleston again, I'd happily eat here again.Tip: If it's your first time here, don't try to big-time it and act like you've been here before.  If they learn you're a virgin to Carrabba's, you get free fried zucchini sticks!  (I might be a virgin every time! - Ladies, don't try that at home.)
5	I rate things for what they are. The guy who said if you give this place 5 stars you don't know Italian?, I AM ITALIAN and from BROOKLYN. I agree this is NOT authentic Italiano, but they don't claim to be. I love Carrabba's for what it is - A great chain restaurant, it's that simple! This place has outstanding service, great food, and it's very kid friendly. There is a reason why this place has a wait every night. It's good all the way around, and it's not exactly for the cheap prices either!
3	I'm not really a snob when it comes to chain restaurants, so I won't be too harsh.Food is edible. Service is accomodating, and all in all...it's not bad.I popped in here with my folks for a little Father's Day dinner. The host promptly seated us, and gave us a nice spot.I ordered the 8 Vegetable Lasagna. I figure after all this sobriety, the least I can do is treat myself to a nice filling meal.It was delicious. I'm usually not a fan of tomato based sauces, mostly because of the acidity, but this was nicely balanced.Again, I'm not being too harsh, because over the years, my standards for chain spots have gone down. Bathrooms are clean. Parking is plentiful.One thing I would like to point out. They are only open till 9PM on Sundays...but you dont have to feel weird about coming in just before they close. The staff is still warm and friendly, and they don't rush you. In fact, the restaurant was still quite busy when we left (10PM or so).Huge plus in my book. This kind of service makes up for the fact that this is a chain, and the food isn't particularly unique. But it was good. I suppose that's all that matters.
5	MmMmMm....Italian food! Carrabba's if one of the best Italian place to eat. The service is great, the food is fantastic, and perfect place for dates or big crowds or just because. As for the prices (ranging from $10 to $20) it is really reasonable because the serving is good for two people. They have signature dishes if you do not know which one you want to try. But surely enough if you like this place as much as I do you will definitely come back for more. I highly recommend trying the Chicken Bryan, Pollo Rosa Maria, Pasta Weesie, Lobster Ravioli, Linguine Pescatore, all are delicious and will satisfy your stomach. Every meal comes with soup or salad, the soup's are all delicious, especially with the cheese they put. The bread they serve before the meal is delicious because it's fresh and warm.
5	Seriously. One of the best Italian places I have been (even if it is a chain). My husband is a fanatic of Olive Garden but we came here with my family since we were visiting. I really, really liked the food. They sat us quickly as we had a party of 9. The bread was fresh and the soup was pretty good. I really loved the red sangria. I have drank many sangria's before and this is one of my favorites, not too sweet and not too alcoholy. Anyways, I ordered the Pasta Sostanza and my husband ordered the Mezzaluna. We literally inhaled it. My pasta was really good with mushrooms, spinach, and chicken. The sauce was to my liking as it was really light. My family was super stoked on how good the food was. Service was excellent as our server refilled all of our drinks and was on it with everything. The prices are reasonable and ambiance was relaxing that night.
4	Very friendly staff, food was good. Had about 6 people and no one anything really to complain about.  Nothing to brag about either though.  I would go back and try it again.
4	I have been to Carrabba's at least 4 times and have taken food out two or three times. I normally will not eat at a chain. This place is just too good to be a chain. Good food, great service, clean, reasonably priced large portions - what not to like.
2	The food is good, but how hard it is to make good Italian food - after all, even the O Garden can get that right. But this place believes itself to be "exceptional Italian food" (which is obvious from the exorbitant prices they charge) and it is not even close. No originality, just another offering of the same tired old foods that every other place is making. This is a prime example of what has become a scourge in Vegas eateries of late - high cost, low atmosphere, mediocre cuisine offerings - where people with more money that taste go because they know nothing more about food except the belief that "the more it costs, the better it must be".Oh and then there was the WORST greeting any bartender could EVER utter:   "I'll be with you in a minute!"   Could I mean any less to them? If I wasn't meeting somebody, I would have walked out.
5	can't believe i didn't come here sooner! it definitely gets crowded on the weekends, but we didn't wait any longer then 10 minutes if that. prices were very reasonable. service was FANTASTIC, our server Jessica was AMAZING. she was a little intense at first, probably because she was throwing a lot of information about the menu at us and very quickly. but man, she's good. we would literally take a last sip from our drinks and she would be right there with another one. it was like there were video-cameras at the table or something. food was good...i ordered the chicken dish that was stuffed with fontana cheese and proscuitto (forgot what the name was). it was really tasty. the mixed veggies that came with it were a little sad and shriveled though. definitely come check this place out especially if you're in the area. =)
3	this place reminded me of a little upper scale macaroni grill.  there's not a whole lot to say about carrabba's.  the oil dipper for the bread was awesome.  the calamari was great.  the salad was good as was the pasta.  i forgot what the noodle was called, but it had chicken, artichoke hearts (which tasted as if from the jar), mushrooms, spinach, and garlic.  i liked it, but i didn't love it.  if i ever end up there again, maybe i'll try something else.  idk what was going on with our server, but if your answer to "what's the difference between the small and the large pizza?" is..."the size," you better go re-study the menu or something.  our server reminded me a little of daria.  all i could hear was "la-la-la-la-laaaaa."  i should've known right away when i saw her eric cartman (south park) tie [-____-]
4	We took  my mom to Carrabba's for dinner for mother's day.  We didn't call ahead but our wait was only 20 minutes, even though it was crowded.  When we were called to be seated, the hostess asked us if we had any moms with us and when we said yes, they wished us a happy mother's day and showed us to our seat.  After she handed us our menus and told us the name of our server, she presented my mom with a little bag full of treats.  :)The food was good and the portions were actually normal sized.  Our appetizer of spinach dip with crab.  It was delicious!  For our main courses, I ordered the chicken parm with the cavatappi amatriciana.  The chicken parm was good and the pasta had just a little bit of kick to it.  My mom ordered the veal piccata with garlic mashed potatoes.  The veal was tasty and the mashed potatoes were creamy and had the right balance of garlic.  My dad ordered the Pollo Rosa maria and said it was very good.  The chicken was tender and the sauce wasn't too heavy.  My husband ordered the penne franco with chicken and he liked it a lot.  The service was really good and the staff was friendly.  When we are in that area of town and feel like Italian food, I'm sure we'll be stopping by there again.
4	All I need to say is get the "Chicken Trio"!  They also usually have a bruschetta of the day which is always a winner.  The bread with herb oil dip is terrific but be careful not to fill up as the chicken trio dish is large and come with a salad and side dish.
5	I was going to leave a one star review because they remove the trout and replaced it with awful, cheap and farm raised tilapia but the manager was very nice and also disagreed with the corporate decision and offered to source trout locally so for this reason I will give them a five star.  Good value and service also.  Filet is awesome.Wayne Gorsek
1	I have to give it one star, because Yelp will not let me give it no stars.This was worse than chef boyardee.They burnt Veal Parm., badly, and still served it to my aunt.
2	Alas.....Carrabba's used to be one of my favorite places to eat. I'm hanging it up after this past experience. I ordered the chicken parm and lasagna. Something I never order at Italian restaurants because I can make it better at home. But I was craving it so I ordered it. Mushy lasagna, and the chicken parm was burnt. I guess the chef's were too busy trying to clean up as we got there 45 min before closing. Service was ok. I hate it when servers allow you to finish all your food before bringing out the next course.......
3	I love italian food and was pretty psyched to check out Carrabba's bc my cousin raved about it.. Unfortunately, I am unable to rave.The food was decent but just that, no more, no less. I've had better dishes at Olive Garden which isn't an insult in any way but why deviate from OG's if I dont have too??My food was warm, not hot and was very minimal on the sauce. It was ok...
4	My mom has been raving about this place for 2 weeks , since she had it in Texas.  She came out last week and recommended we go try it. The food was very very light on the sauces , but that is easily fixed .. ask for extra sauce. The 2nd time my wife and i came for the sirloin marsala... w\ extra sauce.  They cooked the steaks PERFECT.  I havent had a steak cooked that decent in quite a while. The bread and dipping oil\herbs is very tasty!. The wait staff we have had both times have been excellent.   We will definintly be back.
5	Craving a little Italian and this place is always good.  Tonight I had the Seafood Cannelloni with lobster, shrimp and scallops, blended with roasted garlic and chives, topped with a light tomato cream sauce and crabmeat.  This was great choice.  For desert, we split the Sogno Di Cioccolata "Chocolate Dream" which is a very  rich fudge brownie brushed with Kahlua, add in a little chocolate mousse, fresh whipped cream  and it's a beautiful end to a good meal.I have been here several times and haven't every been disappointed, the prices are little higher, but the service is excellent.  So it's nice to spend a little, enjoy the meal, and leave feeling very satisfied.
5	Been coming here about every year since 2006 as a way to escape the tourists and enjoy some dining with the locals. This place never disapponts. Different server every time and they've all been excellent - very friendly, professional, and attentive. The food is great as well. Love the deserts. On hot days or nights, sit outside and and they'll have the misters going so you're not uncomfortable. I honestly forget I'm in a chain restaurant when I'm in here. It's that good. Will never miss when I'm in town.
3	Service was great. The server was very friendly and knowledgable. Soup was pretty good. For the entrees i had the  Pollo Rosa Maria Stuffed with fontina and prosciutto, topped with mushrooms and a basil lemon butter sauce. Really great dish. My friend karlee had the manicotti. She liked it. We also had this chocolate bread pudding. I have to admit it was good as well even though im not a huge chocolate fan.
4	Really didn't feel like cooking tonight, and it is my cheat day, so I tried this place.  The food was amazing, while not on the healthy side, it made for a great cheat meal.  I'll have to come back and try something new on the menu.  I give this place a bit thumbs up!!!
3	Insalata carrabba Caesar with shrimp had too much dressing:( should hv asked for it on the sideTag pic pac pasta was ok home made pasta tasted good but it stack together do it was not easy to move. Service was good and fast but unlike our other visits to the Carabba's in Henderson the food was not the best this time.
5	So happy we stumbled upon this place! Our server, Bruce was extremely friendly and welcoming. He gave us the rundown and introduced us to the very extensive menu. I had the Chicken Marsala - SUPER juicy and tender meat, I was not expecting that.Mom had the Clam Linguine - Super generous amounts of seafood. Tons of muscles and scallops!Boyfriend had the spaghetti and meatballs - you can pay an additional fee for an italian sausage. We opted not to get it, but they threw it in accidentally! When Bruce saw the sausage that was thrown in, he immediately looked at our order that he initially wrote down and apologized for the extra, why apologize! I was very pleased to see that he was willing to owe up to a mistake if he did make one.Overall, it was an extremely extremely pleasant experience and I will definitely return. The only downside to this place, they haven't extended to California yet!!
4	Took my mama here for her birthday dinner last Saturday evening.  They don't take reservations, but they have this call ahead system, so once you arrive you don't have to wait long.  I definitely recommend doing this, as it seemed like the wait could take a while.  We waited about 10 minutes to be seated.Our server was fantastic and very attentive.  I always had a new diet coke before my other one was empty.  My mama's water glass was always topped off.  The server also brought out a complimentary dessert with a candle and sang happy birthday with me!The food was just okay to me.  It wasn't stellar, but wasn't bad.  The bread came out hot and fresh and the dipping spices with EVOO was great.  I ordered a pizza from their wood-fired oven and while the crust was great, the middle of the pizza was kind of soggy.  It wasn't bad, just not great.  I would definitely try something different in the future.  My mom ordered the chicken parmigiana.  It comes with a side and my mom chose mashed potatoes.  We both expected that the chicken would sit atop a bed of noodles, but apparently that has to be your side for it to be so?  I'm not sure, but it just looked silly on the plate like that.  I tried a bite and the chicken was really good.What really stood out, though, was the dessert.  The complimentary dessert we received was two scoops of vanilla Bluebell ice cream (which our server claims you can only find in Texas and Carrabba's restaurants, but I think I've seen it in grocery stores before..) with candied pecans and a caramel-y kind of sauce.  It was outstanding!  Perfect for my mom too, since she loves pecans.Overall, I'd rate the service a 5, dessert a 5, and the food a 3.  There's definitely better Italian food at non-chains, but it's still not a terrible option.
3	So it was my first time at Carrabba's, Doug has been wanting to try it for a while and he finally go this wish. I feel it's pretty much on par with Olive Garden. If I could give a half star, Carrabba's would've gotten 3 1/2 stars as opposed to the 3 stars I gave OG. Our waitress was awesome. Let me sample a couple of their sangria flavors before ordering one. The Blackberry Sangria was good. Peach would be perfect in the summer.So I love the bread. I ate way too much bread. Our waitress recommended the Parmesan Salad, I didn't think it was great (OG's salad is better). Doug got the Pasta Sostanza with Chicken, the tagliarini pasta was perfect, it was so light. But the rest of the food in the dish I didn't care for, but Doug liked it, so that's what counts. I got the Chicken Parmesan with cavatappi amatriciana. The chicken had good flavor but was a bit dry, and the cavatappi was cooked perfect but the sauce was tasteless. The servings are big so we left with full bellies and my cavatappi doggie bag so I can eat later after dressing it up a bit.I would go back and give it another try. I would definitely order something else to get a real feel for the restaurant.
4	My honey and I like Carrabbas alot.  We call ahead and hardly wait, even when the line is out the door.  The food is good, and the service is excellent.  I normally order the soup (chicken noodle or minestrone) and he orders the seafood with angel hair.  For dessert we get in the little glass to keep the calories down.  ;)  I am a people watcher and the staff are dialed in.  They help each other, it is a team environment and it shows.  If you go you will see the manager checking the food in the open kitchen before it goes out and checking in with visitors.  I am always impressed with the service and it keeps us coming back.
4	It's been a couple of years since we've been here and decided it was time to go back.  I love the spice mixture and ground salt they have with olive oil for dipping the bread pieces.  It's very tasty and I end up eat too many pieces of bread.  Maybe that's why we come infrequently.We each had a cup of soup for our start.  I had the Italian noodle soup and my wife had the lentil with sausage soup.  Both were good and different from soups we normally are offered. For the main course, I chose the Chicken Bryan, a grilled chicken breast with goat cheese, sun dried tomatoes, and a lemon basin sauce.  My wife had Chicken Marsala.  Both were very good and I have some Chicken Marsala for lunch tomorrow. For our sides, I took the garlic mashed potatoes and my wife had asparagus.  Good accompaniments.We chose to share a dessert--the chocolate dream.  It's a double fudge brownie with chocolate mousse, chocolate sauce, some Kahlua on the brownie, and whipped cream.  It was superb!  I'd go back just for that.  Service was excellent.  Our server was attentive, prompt, and very personable.  We will be returning sooner than the years that passed since our last visit.
5	This is my favorite mid-priced Italian restaurant! I loooove it. I absolutely love the warm bread and the olive oil dipping sauce they give you upon arrival. I always get the sirloin Marsala as my entree, Let me tell you AMAZING. I have tried other things on occasion which were good, but this is my fave dish by far. Mmmm I am getting hungry thinking about it, lol. This is a couple steps above olive garden. The food just taste better and is of higher quality, and is really about the same price range. A waiter once clued me in on a little secret, and said they use the same exact meat products from the same supplier as Flemings located right next door. Well, Flemings is "fine dining" and will cost you a pretty penny for the same steak. The staff is always very friendly and attentive. I have dined here many times and have never had a bad experience.Oh, and one last plus. Delicious Sangria!
3	Good food ,very busy place hard to get a table not a good ambiance
4	A good selection for a chain Italian restaurant, very good quality. Their homemade bread is awesome, with the olive oil and spice appetizer. The house salad is very tasty, the dressing a creamy Italian ranch, taste homemade. I ordered the Tag Pic Pac, a Tagliarini  pasta, flat long noodles a bit thinner than fettucine, with marinara and fresh basil. and roasted garlic halves that make the dish.  A nice addition, grilled wood-fired chicken, made the dish.  The hostess which has been at this location for years makes you feel like you are coming into her home.  The service excellent.  Try it for a nice Italian meal..
4	For a "chain" restaurant, I love this place.  There is something for everyone and family friendly.  Have been visiting this place for years and have never had a bad meal.  Good chicken parm, ravioli, chicken trio, all their pastas are good.  Good house salad with parm dressing that I've had with a grilled chicken breast as an entree and yummy warm bread dipped in marinara sauce upon request.  Fried calamari is always a winner.  Go on Wednesdays where you get $10 off on pitchers of wine.  Get gift cards at Smith's for twice the Smith's bonus points.  Sign up for Amici Club and they will send you coupons for dollars off.  They are so accommodating which makes the carb factor double!!!  You cannot lose at Carrabba's.Remember no drinking and driving.  We walk home.  :)
1	Can't say the food is good or bad. The service was so terrible, I waited and didn't even get to eat. Gave up and went to another nearby establishment.
3	The kids really loved the spaghetti from the kid menu. I had the half moon ravioli stuffed with chicken n spinach topped with tomato cream paste. It was pretty good it didn't have an authentic taste or any bang to it but still good. My boyfriend had the grilled chicken and that's pretty much all it was grilled chicken nothing special. Service was good.
5	LOVE this place! This is a great neighborhood spot for a family dinner or a date night. :) The crowd is always a nice mix of people, and the atmosphere is very friendly and welcoming.The staff is really what makes this one of my favorite places -- they are en pointe in every way!!! They really make the experience special, even though it's not an expensive place. They run their customer service show like a well-oiled machine, and it's actually a thrill to just sit and watch how everything moves like clockwork -- from the hostesses who will actually open the door for you, to the servers, to the kitchen staff and the manager conducting the whole symphony. It's all handled in a very professional manner.The food is also great! It is always fresh and delicious. Everything from the bread, to the pasta, the salad, soups, desserts. It's definitely a place you want to come back to. Oh, and your food always has perfect timing -- you never sit feeling hungry and neglected, yet they don't rush you through your meal, either. At this Carraba's you really feel you're in a fancy place, but at a fraction of the cost -- it's about the same price as The Olive Garden -- but so much tastier and welcoming -- feels like a mom and pop kind of place.Have I raved enough??? This is my go-to spot, without question, whenever I am in the mood for Italian. We've been eating here for about two years now and have always left happy and satisfied.
5	Love everything it's best in the winter cause its so cosy=]
4	Great food but the service was slow, however, our waitresses were considerate.  We went for lunch and had reservations since I had a party of 12.  We spent about 2+ hours there mostly because we were awaiting the arrival of our food and drinks.  There was a mishap in the kitchen which had us waiting for our bread but well worth the wait.  My sister in law and I shared the special at the time which included soup or salad, entree, and dessert for only $15.  It was flavorful and the portion was just right.
3	I came here with a couple of friends. The lights were low and the wood fire oven was going, creating a nice atmosphere. I have to say I got "chain restaurant" feel from the decor, as it it were a cookie-cutter design, but it wasn't an unpleasant environment. I was sad that no eggplant parmigiana appeared on the menu, so after I shared an appetizer whose name I cannot recall, I chose the spaghetti with meatballs.   The appetizer had crab, cheese and spinach in it, among other things. It had a nice flavor, but I got the impression it was whipped, which gave it an airy texture that I do not like. It comes with toasted bread triangles that are crisp on the outside and soft on the inside.My spaghetti was fine.So...  I have no real complaints and would certainly come again if friends wanted to, but if I were asked to recommend an Italian restaurant, this one wouldn't be the first on my list only because it's pretty average.
4	I found my salad to be a little fishy. The waitress took it off our bill and was very apologetic. I have been eating the same salad for ten years so the taste was totally different than normal. She had no issues taking care of the problem and was very sweet!
1	It was not horrible but it wasn't the best. Overpriced, wish there was a good Italian restaurant in Vegas reasonably priced, pasta is one of the cheapest things to cook. My husband and daughter were sick later in the night, they ordered the shrimp and scallop dish.
5	I've been here a half a dozen times. Always a great dining experience! You don't get better than this for a mid range dining experience.Always friendly and prompt service. The place is always clean and we enjoy the ambiance.We've been there as a couple and with a larger group...no problems.I'm sure I'll be visiting again.
5	I am from North Carolina where I this was one of my favorite restaurants and I live in San Diego now. Needless to say this place would do amazing in California but they have not come out here so every time I am in Vegas I eat here! The chicken parm with the fettuccini alfredo as the side  is a favorite, as well as the steak marcella and the mashed potatos. Goodness I miss this place already! Don't forget the Chocolate Dream!
3	It was ok. Nothing to brag about. Maybe next time ill have a better experience. No wow factor to bring me back again. Bartender was friendly but not as good as other bartenders at nearby bars that i visit often.
3	It is a okay place to eat but for the price I think better food can be had.  I did like that they had a small portion option.  They also had enough on the menu to make both my girls happy.  Desert was very expensive and so I recommend skipping it and hitting up the French Bakery in the same parking lot.
4	I been too Carrabba's couple time now with my brother family. I think the food is great! I get together with family we always get some appetizers start our dinner. We had the calamari and zucchini fries. The calamari thing enjoy or stood out unlike other chain italian restaurants each piece was nicely coated with breaded and no clumps of calamari. The marinara sauce was ok. Just preference like marinara with calamari not so chunky. The zucchini fries cut just like regular fries was fabulous and the dipping sauce was awesome. Entree apparently there running seasonal specials menu now. Pastas second section on the menu. You get two bowls of pasta for one price. I tried the bolognese. I enjoyed! It was nice meaty tomato sauce. Pasta was cooked nice al dente. Scoop of ricotta cheese on top. The portion sizes at Carrabba's is very generous. Definitely getting money worth comes too food. The bread is really good. End up getting two of three portions every time. I like the fact the bread comes with nice olive oil and herbs instead of butter. The service always been great. Our waiter was wonderful he took care of us. Never had empty glass, constantly checking up making sure things were great. He never minded fact we hoarding loaf after loaf of bread. We ordered food too go for my sister-in-law and he timed it out perfectly he brought our check food all packed ready too go. If never been too Carrabba's its not whole lot different then Olive Garden (I am fan) prices about the same, lot of food, and great for family night out. Carrabba's different vibe inside and sure the bread take over Olive Garden. It place that will be coming back again with family.
1	I don't understand the "call ahead" service Carrabba's offers when u call ahead 15 minutes before u leave the house and they ask how long till u arrive and then drive 15 to get there and have to still wait and additional 25 when u arrive? Confused and annoyed by this the food is good but customer service sucks! And by the way the hostess is very rude and should not roll her eyes at the guests that put money in her pocket! Be polite seriously! Call ahead is crap? Have reservations or nothing it's worthless to think call ahead is important ????
3	It's alright. All chains are like that tho.Typical food...atypical pricing. Had the Seconds special...the plates were like for kids meals or something. You get what you pay I guess.
3	My husband and I went there twice now....it's not too bad for the price that you pay.  The appetizer was pretty good, it was shrimp with sun dried tomato on the flat bread.  I ordered Penne with artichokes, olives, and tomatoes.  My husband ordered seafood dish with pasta.  If you want an inexpensive Italian place, but still want to have some good meals, you can try it out.
4	five out of six times, the food is good.  that sixth time, not so much.  I'll give them four stars for the effort.
4	I really enjoyed my experience here.  The server Holly was very friendly and enthusiastic about the menu and how good it was and I totally agree with her.  We started with the sampler appetizer (calamari, bruchetta, and mozz sticks)  VERY yummy.  We had the salad with creamy parmesean dressing which was nice and light. I had the sausage and lentil soup which was a bigger portion then I had anticipated and very very good (I would definitely order it again).  We had the cheese filled mezzaluna and I had the seafood cannaloni.  Both were great dishes and lots of seafood filled in mine.We finished with home made tiramisu which was a nice large piece, well worth the money.We had a great evening, very nice menu selection. Prices were fair for the most part (maybe slightly high but who isn't now a days)  I would DEFINITELY go back very soon.
5	Had yet another good dinner at Carrabba's on W. Charleston last night. Had a coupon for a free appetizer, but it expired 4 days prior. Our server, Mario went to the manager and it was honored. THAT is how a restaurant deals with customers. Got to enjoy the fried zucchini. Could not decide between the grilled chicken (which really tastes like steak it's so well seasoned) or good old spaghetti with meat sauce. Thank you Mario for letting me know that I could have the spaghetti as one of my sides....YAY, the best of both worlds. Always look forward to dinner at Carrabbas!!!!
1	Our server Leslie was grumpy and rude. Bread was stale. And food was just okay. Not a fan. Don't waste your money.
4	My first time here. We were seated promptly. Server brought water right away. Told us about the special menu where you get three dishes plus soup or salad. We went for it. Salad with house dressing was Okay.  My dishes Salmon(very good) Pasta with alfredo sauce, Iiked, not too saucy. Lasagna was ok. My friend had steak Marsala, excellent, a ravioli, okay, and anothe squiggly pasta.  Bread was good.  Service very prompt..  I would go again.  Wee also had a $10.00 off coupon. Out bill came to under $23.00 + tip.  A bargain.
2	I've been going to Carrabba's for a long time. This location's service and food quality has been declining for several years now.We went for dinner the other night and came away pretty disappointed in our experience. Our waitress was barely present, the other servers were joking and screwing around in the dining room, our food was OK but nothing great and the calamari was way over done!I doubt we'll be returning to this location in the future.
1	We have watched Carrabba's go downhill for a couple years now.  Last evening was our final visit.  Portions are downsizing, service is lacking, food quality and prep is Maybe average, and prices are increasing.  That's a bad recipe for any restaurant.  Last evenings dinner was disappointing and not worth the money.  Extremely small portions.  Paid $18.50 for (2) small breast patties and a couple ounces of pasta.  Say good - bye to an ex-loyal patron.
5	This is one of the few restaurants that we go to on a  regular basis.  The food is all homemade even though it is a chain.  The food is great and the management goes above and beyond to make sure it is a family Italian restaurant experience.  Carrabba's is by far the best Italian restaurant in Las Vegas.
4	I had the pasta weesie and my husband had like a sample platter of chicken dishes both of the dishes were good and we had a really nice waitress Christianne H. We also had the spicy lentil soup at the recommendation of our waitress. I would come back again and I would recommend it as a good date night or just because night out.
2	Don't order the cavatappi amatriciana it came with only noodles and they were dried out.  I asked for sauce and they said that was the way it came that it is absorbed.  They did bring out more sauce which was nice but I look at the photo in the picture as there is sauce all over it.  The mussels were either out of season they usually are so wonderful but they were super super small never seen mussels so small but the butter sauce was still wonderful to dip the bread in.
4	Decent place. Went on a Saturday night and didn't have to wait to be seated, which was nice. The server came straight over and started taking our order. She was friendly and welcoming...although she did forget to bring our bread. The food came in a timely manner and was tasty. The serving sizes were a bit on the small side though. Overall a nice place.
5	Being from houston, I have been to both originals.  This location compares. As a bonus, there is blue bell ice cream to be had.
4	Great Italian! LOVE the complimentary pre-meal bread and rosemary oil! Chicken Parm is to DIE for. Pasta Weesie good as well.
2	First time at this chain of restaurant and would not ever go back. Ordered the chicken park which was dry, little cheese and even less sauce. Pathetic. Also had the flat bread appetizer and that was fine. The bread (hard to get that wrong) was warm the dipping oil was good. Bottom line is that I will not be returning.
3	The lasagna $15 was a 6x3" and looked like Stouffers. It came with a soup or salad. Rip off. The Caesar salad with grilled chicken however is a good entree for $13.50. It's enough for two people. The bread with herbs and olive oil is probably my favorite thing on the menu here (free). Aside from the less than professionalism of the manager, JT, I guess I am stuck coming here until we use up the $100 gift card = 6 slices of lasagna?
3	When we get older, it seems that we develop "selective memory."About a month ago, a couple visited us, and my wife convinced me to leave the security of my comfort zone and try this place.Against every fiber of my being, I obliged, and I drove the extra 10 minutes to get there.The atmosphere was pleasant; nice and dark. They gave us bread and a little plate of olive oil...We ordered a few entrees and maybe calamari for an appetizer.Overall, it wasn't bad...but totally forgettable.Then the check arrived...I actually added everything up to make sure they hadn't made an error in their arithmetic or to see if they had put a bottle of Dom Perignon on our tab by mistake.Instead of chastising my wife (because it was all her fault), I decided to just put it out of my memory.It worked, because I hadn't thought about it until just now, when I saw one of their commercials between my episodes of "Everybody Loves Raymond."Like I said, I can't remember anything glaringly wrong with the meal, but it's because I can't remember a single entree.Instead, I remember the amount of the bill.I was also reminded of the fact that I didn't accept our friends' offer to split the tab. I'm an idiot.
1	This place was a mess due to remodel. We opted to leave and eat at Flemings instead. They really should just close and complete the remodel.
4	We ordered the calamari and it was incredibly salty. Our soup and salad were both great! We also ordered the lobster ravioli and the lobster Mac n cheese. Both were good size portions. The mac n cheese was a lot more than what I could eat. Our waitress was great and attentive. The manager walking around asking people how their meals were was nice but she definitely didn't look or sound sincere. Never once saw her smile. She also was the least dressed employee there. Her shirt riding up her back, showing the small of her back just didn't seem appropriate for the dim lit, romantic setting.
4	I absolutely love the service here. I've been to many different Carrabba's, and this one did not disappoint. I don't feel the food is amazing, but it's good and sensibly priced.  Always a great experience!
5	Great service and I say that with 7 yrs experience. food was great and try their blackberry Sangria!!
5	I had the pasta weezie which has tons of shrimp and mushrooms with their signature lemon sauce. It was a large satisfying portion. The new decor is also a nice touch. We on a Wednesday night and to our surprise the place was completely pack.
5	Bread and mussel ... good to go!  Best marsala (chicken or veal)
4	I first encountered this place with some friends and I have seen commercials for it. The atmosphere was very nice and laid back. We were seated quickly and the service was prompt and very friendly. I enjoyed the bread and oil however it wasn't anything outstanding. The food was hot and very good and I tried the chicken Bryan. Very tasty. The chocolate dream was just that a dream! I was stuffed from dinner and still managed to put away most of it. Great service. Good food and a nice casual atmosphere.
5	Amazing food. Amazing people. They cook the steak perfectly and the lobster ravioli are the best. Desert was amazing also.
4	One of the great things about yelp it helps me find my inner critic. I went to this place YEARS ago and was not impressed- I am loyal to Olive Garden. :)But I believe in second chances. This time was great! The car delivery was super fast. I tried the Chicken Bryan - I enjoyed this. I don't usually eat goat cheese or sundried tomatoes. But it was surprisingly good! It included salad and bread. Quite tasty- the price, well I think it's about average for other restaurants. But I did enjoy and will probably try again!
2	It was ok... Can't say I would ever recommend it or even go back.  Service was poor our group of four girls had a coupon and our waitress looked disgusted at us.  Food was nothing special.  Environment seemed more family friendly.  Would never recommend for a date night.  Only positive was it's close to home.  I would say pass on this place if you had a choice but... If it's free take it.  Lol. FYI always coupons online. Just search the internet.
4	Amazing food,  though I would try something different next time to hopefully get a larger serving.  My soup was amazing, and please don't ask about the bread....I ATE IT ALL!!! :)
4	The Sicilian chicken soup is a must have. It's a bit spicy, also fresh and delicious. The homemade bread with dipping spices are excellent. The fettuccine pasta tastes like fresh egg pasta, it's superb. For a restaurant chain, they really do well with authentic Italian flavors.
4	This particular Carrabba's is in a great location and has very friendly staff.  The interior is beautiful and has a good Italian restaurant vibe.  We sat outside and enjoyed a mild Vegas night.  We showed up about an hour before they closed but felt very welcome.  It was a Monday night and they had a very good deal for a 3 course meal for $12-$16 that includes an app, entre and soup or desert.  We had a ton of good food and drinks for under $40!  During the dinner the obvious debate ensued of Carrabba's Versus Olive Garden.  I prefer the atmosphere of Carrabba's because it feels a bit more classy and updated.  My girlfriend is more "stuck in her ways" with OG.The food is a bit of a toss up and needs to be broken down to the two things that matter in an Italian Restaurant.Bread:Carrabba's has a warm loaf of hard-crust with soft-inside bread sliced and fresh from the oven, with olive oil and herbs to dip.  The breadsticks at Olive Garden are world famous, but I tire of them.  My gf prefers the OG breadsticks but I pointed out to her that night that she sucked down the Carrabba bread like Kobyashi on the Fourth of July.Sauce:The last few times at OG I felt like the sauce was more underwhelming than I remembered.  Like it was more watered down and bland.  Carrabba's sauce seems a little thicker and sweeter, a little less mass produced and a little more home-made than OG.I asked the waiters at both OG and Carrabba's if the pasta is made fresh in store.  OG replied no, but Carrabba's does make two of it's pasta's fresh in-store.Either place is okay in my book.  But I think I lean towards Carrabba's
5	First time for me and my wife and we love it. . Me in particular I'm tired of olive garden and this place is awesome.  Food , environment , staff is great definitely will back. .
5	I was really surprised; I didn't think we would like this place so much; being from NY we have had some really great Italian meals. First of all, the service is very good, we have been back a few times now and the staff is knowledgable and friendly. They really make you feel at home. The food is good, entrees of chicken, pasta, steak, have never been disappointed. The bread/w olive oil, soup and appetizers are filling and plentiful, you will be taking food home with you. And, try the desert.Overall a very pleasant dining experience that won't break the bank!
5	All I can say is Christa was one awesome waitress. She was extremely nice and was very patient with us when it came to ordering our food. I went with my boyfriend and he had never been there but he loved the plate that Christa recommended us. The food was amazingly delicious. She also recommended some dessert that was fantastic. We will definitely go back and ask for Christa. Highly recommend her.
2	My wife begged me to give this place a second try.Unfortunately, it was a worse experience than the first time we had gone.They basically charge high-end prices for Olive Garden-like food (and the portions are way smaller than those of the Olive Garden.)I am in no way pushing the Olive Garden - I'm just trying to find a restaurant with equivalent food to compare this place to.I give them a star for atmosphere, and a star for presentation, but their "taste vs. cost" is a little insulting.Sorry. I would go back if they had 2 for 1 dinners.
4	Last weekend dined with my Mom.  This is her favorite spot!  She had the lasagna with chicken in port wine and fig sauce.  She loved it.  I had the pecan crusted tilapia.  I could eat this everyday .. fish was moist and flaky and crist crispy.  Very good.  The dining area is pleasantly nice after the recent remodel.  Reminds me of Napa Valley area or Northern California.
5	I haven't been here in forever but we will be coming back ALOT! An amazing manager here named Lindsey came and asked My 4 year old son If he wanted to go pick his own dessert so she took him back to the kitchen and let him pick then he asked if he could get some dessert for mommy and nana so not only did she bring back ice cream for Him but also for us! What an AMAZING experience!
4	I don't know why this place has low ratings, its good for a franchise restaurant, and way better than Olive Garden on sunset. Decent service and the food is always on point.
4	I had the shrimp alla vodka! It was delicious. They have reallygood service, feels like you're at a family restaurant, but withimpeccable service. I'd go back to Carraba's for lunch or dinner . It's a great place, and he wait staff is very nice!
4	Pretty darn good Italian food. Decent dinner prices, great portions, and very attentive service. I've been to this restaurant several times now and it's always a nice treat.I am usually way beyond full by the time we leave. Between the complimentary bread (delicious, by the way) and the soup/salad and appetizer options that are often included in their specials, it's tough actually making it to the entree. But that's no complaint for me!  I've always been happy with the different food I've tried here. Their cocktails are pretty great too, super delicious but still plenty strong enough.Overall, very nice and high quality ambiance and eats, especially for a chain restaurant.
5	Another review for Carrabba's on W. Charleston....yes, the food was yummy, but we sat in Mario G.'s section again.......have been requesting him for a while now.  We might get into Carrabba's once a month or so.  We were seated, another server took our drink order, then Mario came to the table and said hello, nice to see you again and then asked if we wanted him to start our fried zucchini appetizer..... How many people do you think Mario serves.....and for him to remember we like the appetizer was above and beyond.  What a way to make a customer feel important...GREAT JOB MARIO G.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	First and foremost, I want to praise our waiter. I cannot remember his name for the life of me (I want to say it was Nick, but I'm probably wrong). He was a pretty mono-toned guy. Anyways...whatever his name was...HE WAS INCREDIBLE. I have been a server for a few years and I know how hard it can be to keep up on refills and table touches when a restaurant gets busy. But he was on the ball!! He was just the right amount of attentive. He made the visit that much better. Now, onto the food. It was alright. Nothing incredibly special. The portions are tiny. And my alcoholic drink I had gotten had WAY WAY WAY too much rum in it. However, I drank it anyways because it was a Saturday night and I had a long week! All in all, the visit was great. I'm not sure I'll go back because the food wasn't anything spectacular, but the service was top notch.
