3	Lots of potential but don't blame the sous vide cooking technique used (boil-in-bag) for the hard yolks on my eggs benedict.  (Really? This is how it would come if I ordered it in Paris you say? Hmmm) Everything else was great, the restaurant itself is attractive and sunny and it's easy to get to just to the south side of Caesar's lobby.  We'll be back.
3	When he had them, I've eaten at Michel Richard's restaurant in LA: Citrus...as well as his restaurant in Santa Barbara: Citronelle.Those restaurants were usually very good, if not outstanding. Central is not in the same league...not even close.Essentially it's Mon Ami Gabi light....bistro food, a little less pricey than MAG, but in a much less-charming environment. I had the rotisserie chicken which was dry and stringy...fries were In&Out quality (which is not good no matter what anyone says). Service was adequate. Desserts were probably the best thing on the menu,  understandable considering Richard started as a pastry chef in Los Angeles.The only thing I found impressive was one aspect of the wine list: there is a large selection of half-bottles. But otherwise, the list is overpriced, and there is not a single bottle of beaujolais on it (especially the great vintage of 2009), which anyone who's spent time in France knows is the wine-staple of chicken and steak bistros.
4	Our server was great, portions are huge, I loved their filet minon tartar, I got the rib eye medium was so soft and juicy never had a good steak like that in forever. The ambiance was beautiful with the bar. And celebration cake at the end with the sparkler was amazing. But it was alittle pricey but worth it.
5	I was highly anticipating Central for quite a while since I heard Chef Michel Richard was opening it at Caesars Palace.  And the fact that it was open 24 hours just made me even more excited about it!  Goodbye bland Augustus Cafe hello to James Beard winning Central.I loved what they did to the spot (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=IURHBUKYbVgd64PGcyEmOQ).  If you were ever a fan of the old Augustus Cafe, Central's decor and atmosphere will make you instantly forget about it.  The Bar outside the restaurant also makes for a great people watching area since it's in the Caesars Palace main lobby.I took advantage of the Late Night Dining Menu and came in at around 1:30am in the morning.  One thing I definitely noticed right away...the waitresses here are hot!  I didn't really waste anytime looking at the menu because I had already heard about their famous Lobster Burger.  And that's just that I ordered.The Lobster Burger had a very simple and elegant presentation (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=SmvLP2PF5ezpHlpvVL0rCg).  It would say it's pretty comparable to a Lobster Roll with tomato, Central Mayonnaise, Potato Tuile.  This was amazing!!  The Lobster patty was very meaty and had that Buttery Lobster flavor that I love!  It regularly comes with French Fries, but for this late night meal I opted for the Salad with vinaigrette dressing.  At $32, I'd say that it's worth the price considering the uniqueness of it being in Burger form and the fact that Lobster is not cheap.  I would definitely order this again!  The one little flaw that I unfortunately came across with the Lobster Burger was that I found a really tiny shell inside.  The good thing is that this proves that they used real Lobster for the Burger.  I showed the shell to my waitress and she definitely took note of it and mentioned it to the chef.  When she came back she told me that they really felt bad about it and they offered to pay for the whole meal.  WIN!!!  What incredible customer service!!Because of that great service, I really felt obligated to go back again.  So I came a few days later for a late dinner and tried their Roast Chicken and Potatoes with a side of Brussel Sprouts with Bacon (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=L9zC30zKgQ2HojI0fumJLQ).  Delish again!  The Potatoes were cooked in the Chicken fat a la Roli Roti so you can taste the Chicken flavor in the Potatoes as well.  Here's a close up shot of the Chicken (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=J5yesWjEMJfLp8UTE_gC3g).  Are you drooling yet???  And the side of Brussel Spouts with Bacon complimented the Chicken very well.  It doesn't look like much in this pic (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=SWj7SBg6IJ39SnYstAtkxw) but it was packed with Bacon flavor.  YUM!!  Who doesn't like Bacon?I've eaten at a fair share of restaurants on the Strip, and Central has definitely made a great impression on me with their amazing food and incredible service, and just shot up in my upper ranks, especially in the realm of 24 hr cafes.  It's an awesome spot and I will definitely go back when I return to Vegas!
5	The food was great and reasonably priced for Vegas.   The ribeye was perfection.  Adrienne did a great job and the staff accommodated allergies with grace.   Go here!
5	Central? Never heard of it , but I was at Caesars for the Elton John show and decided to check it out. Tuesday night and very busy but we were seated immediately and iced water was quickly provided. Wow! Best meal I have had in a while , very good server , he knew everything about everything on the menu.I had 6 oysters , served on ice with 2 sauces , beautiful. I then had a medium cooked rib eye with mushrooms . Outstanding! It's a meal fit for wearing sweatpants although the restaurant is far too nice for that comfortable attire. Wifee had Mozza ball (I'm not sure that's how it's spelled ) soup and fresh fish , flakey , perfectly cooked. Very nice cold Chardonnay and red wine with steak , lovely breads before the meal. Will I be back? You can bet your life. Oh..and Elton was brilliant , far better than the Red Piano show. Oh .....one more thing, I was delighted , really delighted to see NOT ONE GUY wearing flip-flops .
3	Expensive food in small amount. Service average to poor despite the prices. Decor ok. I was surprised at how pedestrian this restaurant is in view of the reputation of the chef. I was not even impressed by desserts which i read were excellent. Another typical strip restaurant in Las Vegas: more hype than value and quality. Of my three times there, the dinner service at the bar one late night was especially bad.
4	When I was here during the summer I saw a sign that had a picture of a burger and said coming soon. I was so excited I made sure to bookmark it on Yelp. This place is open 24 hours a day. It's a really nice place that's really in the open. It's fine dining open at all times. The menu here was simple and easy to choose from.I already knew what I wanted. The burger with bacon and cheese. I asked for it to be cooked medium rare. I was also slightly drunk at the time after leaving the club. The burger isn't big but it's a kick a** burger!  My meat came out pink and pretty. So juicy in every bite. The size of the burger reminds me of Umami. The other interesting item I saw was the Lobster burger. I may have to come back for that one. The burger came with a side of fries. Good stuff.If you want some awesome food at any hour then this is the place. Great gourmet burger.Recommendation: Beef burger with cheese and bacon
4	Amazing Burger & Meatball Sandwich.Best Buffalo Wings ive ever had and i own a restaurant.Turkeu Club was solid.Chinese chicken Salad great.....but jesus do they soak dressing. Get dressing on side.Nice Happening bar for people watchingYou cant ask for better 24 hour joint in lobby of your hotel.Kudos to Gary Selesner of Caesars for making this happen...
4	Love the bar area at the lobby.  Very convenient for people to have something while waiting.Had Waffle and Chicken Fried Steak.
4	Just like their DC location, the Vegas Central does some unique foods, and some staple foods really well.The lobster burger is probably their best item. On this trip, I had the tuna burger, fries and started with the cheese poofs; may seem silly, but the cheese poofs are a tasty treat.The staff is friendly, it's an attractive location and great for people watching.
4	The breakfast food was delicious.  The pricing is on par with Vegas.  I was asked to sit at the bar as I was dining alone, unfortunately service was hit or miss within one meal.  They took my order and delivered my food right away.  No one asked if I needed a refill until I had been finished with my meal and was waiting for the check for about 15 minutes.  Once I had my check I was asked about a refill by three different staff members.  I assume service is better when you are not at the bar.
5	Love this place!  I've been here twice - once for lunch and once for dinner - and it was superb both times.  Lunch - I had the lobster burger which, although its pricey at approx. $30, is almost all lobster and HUGE!  The little crunchy potato twilles put on top adds a lot of texture.  And I love that the burgers are served on little wooden platters.  A+++.  I also had a VERY spicy bloody mary - one of the best I've had in a while. Dessert - chocolate bar (which I would recommend for anyone; doesn't look like much but tastes like everything).Dinner - Cheese puffs as an appetizer, which are little pastries with gruyere cheese.  DELISH.  I could've just eaten those and been a happy little lady.  For an entree I had the crab burger, and I may have actually liked this better than the lobster burger.  Again, another bloody mary, which was just as good as the previous one I tasted. For dessert, the cheesecake (which was great, nice, fluffy, filling); tried the celebration cake (a showstopper); and again the chocolate bar.Also, this place has a HUGE wine list/cellars.  All in all, a definite "hit" on any strip trip.
4	Went to eat at Central last September. The food was amazing. I started with the cheese puffs and went with the rib eye with pepercorn sauce for my mains. The steak was cooked to perfection, possible better than any steakhouse in Vegas.and get the celebration cake. Delicious pancake bellinis inside
2	Beautiful space.  Inspired location.  Light.  Bright.  Airy.  Scattered service.   Brought out hot plates, but didn't bring food out until the plates had gotten cold.Runners refilled our sparkling water the first time with tap, the second with tea.  Didn't replace the bottle of sparkling water that was essentially ruined. Didn't offer tap when we ran out of sparkling.  Why reorder when they'd just screw up the second bottle?  Awful food.  So disappointed by the food that is so NOT worthy of Michel Richard's name that I actually cried.  I adore Michel.  My husband adores Michel.  We wanted this to be all we've dreamed of it being since I learned he was taking over the space and kicked ourselves for not having the idea first. Bar food:  Chicken wings.  Meh.   Way to messy for me.  Calamari.  Crispy but the sauces were uninspired and dull.  Starters:   Salad with Goat Cheese.  Lovely. Onion and Bacon Tart.  Frozen and reheated - still cold.  Would have been delicious if it were cooked through -- but the fact that I was able to discern that it had been frozen sickened me. Steak Tartare - gloppy, sticky mess -- texture was not what I expected from this French chef.  Fries were delicious. Hot and crispy.   Entrees:  Dry chicken - yes the supposedly miraculous rotisserie chicken.  Inedible.  One bite and wished I'd not taken it.  T bone Steak  with King Crab-  sounds delicious, right?  Sadly, disgusting - oversalted because the sauce was made with base - and covered the entire steak.  Served with frozen king crab legs -- rubbery, tasteless, still frozen.  Awful.  Worst surf & turf I've had in Vegas. Period.  Hell, worst steak.  Lamb shank with polenta.  Delicious.Sides:  haricots verts.  Frozen.  I swear...  another tear.  Mashed potatoes could have been used for wallpaper paste.  ?!!   Desserts:  Napoleon was Cheesecake Factory sized and actually embarrassed me.  Awful.  Hated it.Molten Chocolate was nasty. We asked the server to pick his two favorite desserts.  Suffice it to say, we were completely underwhelmed...and it did not redeem the disastrous meal we'd endured.Michel, please don't set up a restaurant like this and leave town...You've not got the right people in place to maintain consistency, quality and to operate a 24/7 operation with your name on the door.  We were there on a very slow Monday night at 8pm.  I was sad and embarrassed for you and doubly devastated that this precious rare dinner that I was able to share with my husband was so memorable for its awfulness.    The check added insult to injury.
5	I had the Lobster Burger! Yes, I said Lobster Burger. It was PHENOMENAL! OMG! I have never had anything like it. THE best thing I have ever put in my mouth!The service was impeccable! This place rocks! Open 24/7 too!
4	Living in NoVA, the GF and I are quite familiar with Michel Richard restos having eaten at his Citronelle and the DC-original Central (pronounced "senn-TRAL" in DC and in Vegas...but not in Omaha).  Our dining experiences at his places were very good (although the cioppino I had at DC Central was a disappointment), so it was a no-brainer to check out his newly opened Sin City version of Central.  Since the Vegas one is opened 24/7, it was only 11am, and we were hungry, we decided to give it shot for breakfast.  The LV Central occupies a nice looking space near the entrance across from the reception desk.  The restaurant is open and bright with lots of natural light streaming in from the windows and glass doors that open to an al fresco dining area.  It shares little or no similarities from an aesthetic standpoint to its DC counterpart.    I opened with a cup of coffee ($3).  It was hot, bold, and flavorful like a good cup of Joe should be.  It beat Starbucks hands down.  For my b-fast, I wanted to see what all of the fuss was about and ordered the Chicken & Waffles, which came with Country Gravy and Maple Syrup ($24).  While seemingly a bit pricey for breakfast, at first blush, it seemed more than fair when two huge pieces of fried chicken (a breast and thigh) stacked atop two good sized Belgian waffles arrived at the table.  Michel Richard's fried chicken at DC Central is one of his signature dishes and is highly praised.  The boneless breast and thigh meat were seasoned with spices under the skin, which was left on, double-dipped in flour, and fried to a perfect crisp, leaving the meat oh so juicy and flavorful.  The waffles were surprisingly light, but were otherwise fairly standard as waffles go.  The country gravy was, without a doubt, the best version of said gravy I've ever tasted.  In the end, an enjoyable dish, but next time I'll skip the waffles and just stick with the fried chicken.  Not that we needed any more food, we opted to have an order of the Fresh Doughnut Holes ($7), fried to order, dusted with cinnamon sugar, and served with Vanilla, Chocolate, and Raspberry Sauce.  The doughnut holes came to our table piping hot, fresh and airy.  Essentially a cinnamon sugar topped beignet; the sauces added a nice dimension with the vanilla being the best of the bunch.  In truth, I'm not a big breakfast fan.  Given the level of friendly and professional service from Barbara and the generous portions of well-executed food, Central's concept of how breakfast could/should be may make a believer out of me.
1	What a complete disappointment!  I have dined at Michel's other restaurants and have always been impressed.  I am shocked he would put his name to a place such as this...it surely isn't helping his brand for those of us that know him for quality food in a fine dining environment.  The atmosphere is basically a 24-hour casino diner...nothing special.  The service was extremely slow and really not that helpful.  The food was actually quite terrible and I'm not sure how you can mess up breakfast that badly.  The cheddar grits were basically grits out of a box...little to no flavor.  The quiche was not good at all either...entirely too much cheap cheese and really little flavor.I was so excited when I heard Michel was coming to Vegas, but so utterly disappointed it isn't even funny!Check out the many other wonderful places in Vegas instead!
1	TRES MAUVAIS! I came here with my bf for dinner and decided to sit at the bar.  Our bartender was great, gave us the menu right away and asked for our drink order. I think his name was Ryan .. maybe Brian something like that.HOWEVER, there was an older lady sitting next to me, arrived about the same time as us and didn't receive any service for a few minutes.  She finally waved down the other bartender, I forget his name, i think gene or something, for assistance. And he told her I have a lot of customers so someone else will get to you .. and that's not my section .. and then told our bartender to help the lady .. right in front of her.  He sounded a bit rude to our bartender .. maybe he's the lead bartender I don't know.  But you should NEVER respond to any guests like that!  And I could tell the lady was not happy with her experience. I ordered the Rotiserrie chicken .. it was okay .. a little dry .. potatoes weren't cooked all the way, they were a bit hard.  Seasoning of the gravy was pretty good, the description said there was garlic, did not taste a bit of garlic.  My bf ordered the burger with a side salad.  He hated the side salad and the burger was drenched in grease and oil, maybe thats just how they come.  The bacon was overly dry and very hard, he just took it out and didn't eat it. Overall, it was a terrible experience minus our bartender.  The place just wasn't anything special and from reading yelp I thought it was going to be a great experience .. especially b/c I couldn't wait to try the Profiteroles b/c only other place that has great profiteroles in town is Comme Ca.  But a yelp review said Central had the best.. but when I came .. Profiteroles were no where to be found on the dessert menu :( Good thing I ate my appetizers at Trevi & dessert at Serendipity lol :)
4	Lovely breakfast on our way out of town.  We arrived at 10 AM and were hoping for lunch but they were only serving breakfast.  So sister and I each ordered the smoked salmon plate, and an order of breakfast potatoes and of fresh fruit to share.  Seemed as "lunchy" as we could get.The smoked salmon was amazing!!!  Yes it was $18 each but I think each plate included at least 5 oz (possibly more like 8 oz) of fish.  And the fish was to die for.  Melted in mouth.  Served with creme fraiche and lightly toasted slices of brioche.  Yum yum yum.  The potatoes were fingerlings and were delectable; the watermelon in the fruit plate was delicious and it's December!For two girls who wanted lunch, we left full and very happy. Plus the coffee was delish.  And our server Rene F. was fabulous, as was the busser who assisted.Would definitely return on future visit to LV.
2	Ate here twice in a week, once for breakfast, and once for lunch. The service both times was very poor. The food was mediocre at best. Breakfast - omelet was good, but the sides were not very good.Lunch - Turkey club was not very good, the turkey was from a package. Overall nothing was very good.
3	Went here for dinner last week, upon request from a friend who has been wanting to try it. I didn't have enough time to Yelp it before I agreed to go, but said yes anyway. The service was pretty good. They were attentive, explained menu items to us, and made recommendations on how the items we ordered should get cooked and which side items paired well with it. Prices were a bit much to me though. $10 for a bowl of Matzo ball soup? I didn't order it, but I hope for those that do - that it's a phenomenal soup. I ended up ordering the chicken burger with fries. The fries were good. Nice & crispy, and not too much salt. The burger, upon first glance look very tiny, - which I was upset about at first considering it was a $17. However, to my surprise, the patty was very thick - which more than made up for the small diameter. The ground chicken was pleasantly moist considering how thick it was, but lacked in flavor. It was quite bland and disappointing. My companions had both ordered the ahi tuna burger, I believe for $20. Both thoroughly enjoyed their burger and side salads. I was quite jealous watching them eat theirs as I sat there with a lackluster chicken burger. All in all, I'd go again if someone else was paying for me.
2	Although the food was delicious, the prices were unnecessarily high and our server was incredibly rude. My friends and I asked for a check split among 4 and our server informed us that they don't do that...they'll do it, but they don't typically. She proceeded to tell us three more times between our request of the bill and her returning them with our credit cards. I've worked in the service industry before and I know that it's a bit of a hassle to split checks once they have been made out, but it isn't hard and when I'm paying $16 for chicken wings I expect the server to be extra accommodating. My friends' $21 Chinese Chicken Salad was very similar to a chain restaurant salad (Cheesecake Factory came to mind). The highlight was the chicken wings, which were crispy and the drier sauce made for a delightful late night snack.
1	Bad. There's tons of places you can eat on the Strip, and I felt awful being here. Food wasn't very good, either bland or really salty, and not much in between. You're better off exploring somewhere else in Caesars or Bellagio. I probably should've realized that when I didn't see very many people in here.We also had a douchey French server that didn't seem to care about anything.
2	Place was really dark for the venue... Food was ok but nothing stellar, little pricey for what we got and service was slowish.
2	My first meal of the weekend in Vegas was dinner at Central. We had reservations for a Saturday night at 8:30pm though while the bar was packed the restaurant was not. The waiter tried to be a comedian though was friendly. He talked us through the menu and seemed to have his preferences and input which is nice. I ended up settling on the roasted chicken (waiter said that it is slightly on the pink side) and roasted potatoes with a side of green beans. The green beans and chicken were just meh. The green beans looked like they were out of a can and the chicken was overcooked. My meal ended up being carbo heavy. Even though the portions were huge, the high price did compensate for the taste.
3	Typical Vegas hotel American restaurant. Very classy and modern decor which makes this place an easy (if not safe choice) for entertaining clients or taking a date.I tried the ahi tuna burger and found it good though nothing mind blowing.
3	Nicely decorated, airy and fun feeling, not dark and moody.  Great location inside Caesar's, you don't have to go through the whole labyrinth to eat and get outside.  Only sampled the appetizers, and some drinks.  So here it goes...Gougeres, fluffy and tasty, these cheese tinged pastries were light and DE-lightful.Bacon Onion Tartlet, like little mini-pizzas, love bacon and onion, but there was a slightly sweet white sauce on it that didn't quite complement the saltiness of the bacon, and the pastry was soggy.  Will have to give it another chance soon.Pork Tenderloin Medallion with Corn Polenta.  This was a hit for me.  The polenta was creamy and rightly partnered with the savory, perfectly condimented pork tenderloin.  Gimme more.With all the hoopla about pink stuff and other nasty bits in a fast food giant's chicken offering, the Fried Chicken Bites at Central Michel Richard are everything a bite-sized  morsel of chicken should be.  Croquante and light on the outside, tender flavorful chicken on the inside.  This is a sure to be popular with most anyone.  After all, how many people do you know who don't like chicken, or deep fried something?The drinks of choice this evening were absinthe, which I must confess, I tasted more out of curiosity and the theme of the evening (going to see the show Absinthe).  Not a fan of licorice flavored anything, but putting my taste bud prejudices aside, it is smooth and goes down fairly easy.The next drink was a pear sangria, garnished with strawberries and blueberries.  This was my choice for the evening, and I was pleasantly surprised.  Not as sweet as most sangrias, and very refreshing.  Paired perfectly with the appetizers.
1	This restaurant was the worst experience we had in Vegas.  I've had better service at Denny's.  We waited 20 minutes for our drinks, we did however get to watch our aging waiter play grab ass while our drinks sat at the bar.  I believe it took 40 minutes to get our food.  We had to ask to get our water refilled multiple times, get silverware, or missing dishes from our order.
1	I have given this restaurant 3 chances. Every single time I have been disappointed with their service. Gratuity on parties of 6 or more makes these waiters really lack in their game. Come on guys, get it together.
5	Huge fan of the bar, half was in the lobby and wrapped around the inside. The bartenders definitely brought a fun energy that made you wanna stay awhile. Obviously we needed to have a hearty, delicious meal before a night of debauchery in Las Vegas.. Draught selection is great, ice cold as well.Hanger steak was cooked to perfection and paramsan potatoes with onions were amazing. The manager Adrienne stopped by chatted us up a little bit and gave me the best piece of advice I had ever received in Vegas -- try the chocolate bar. Pure chocolate and hazelnut melting divinely in your mouth. Must be an east coast thing. Definitely coming back next time.
1	Was so excited to see the "old divey place" at Caesar's was replaced by a Michel Richard restaurant. Well ... That was until we had a late night snack there and discovered the French onion soup was the same old stuff room service has been charging $11 for the last six years. A restaurant with a French namesake could surely do better. Because we were hungry we went here in the morning for breakfast. Again, expecting something better than the crappy place that was here for years we were disappointed.  The egg in a hole was a piece of toast not just slathered in butter but perhaps saturated to the level only a fat chef serving typically fat americans could only aporeciate. There was that and a hair on the place. Did Richard just need some licensing money?  Surely, we wouldn't let what we experienced fly. The service was plodding and the management was dismissive about the problems. Richard needs to spend some time here and bring the expectations by seeing his name into reality. So dissapointing and surely a way to get yourself closer to membership in the adult onset type 2 diabetes club.
5	If you are staying at Ceasar Palace. This is the only place to get breakfast. It is very expansive. However the quality of the food is good. It is better than Denny's. I like the decoration and their staff. They are very friendly.5 star for food5 star for service5 start for cleaniness5 star just for being great3 star for price.
5	Company was great, servers will cock block but only in the best way...and always service with a smile. I highly recommend sitting restaurant side.
1	Went there expecting something special.  NOPEEggs in A Hole... more like soaked in butter.To add insult to injury...Awful. Hair in my food. 'nuff said15 minutes later when the so called manager came, some little girl with no presence, and I told her I wanted noodles from Beijing no 9, she thought I was kidding.
5	I have to say the fried chicken here is amazing. They also have a great wine and cheese selection which I always find appealing. I have eaten here twice and have thoroughly enjoyed both experiences.
1	Heres how it went---sat down and asked for a Diet Coke and a menu. The menu arrived, the DC did not. Asked another bar server for a Guinness instead. When she brought it, I asked her if I could get an order of Alaskan King Crab Legs "solo", since the guy next to me had just had them with a T-Bone, and said they were great. She said she could order them alone, and they would be $60 for an order. I mentioned that the menu showed the T-Bone WITH the crab legs at $49....the guy that only brought the menu said "I know, its crazy, right?". So, I asked him to order me the best burger/sandwich on the menu. The crab burger arrived shortly after with fries. The bottom bun was torn, and there was none of the mayonnaise that was supposed to be included. Did I mention the fries were barely warm? Ok, so I finish what I could eat, and took my plate to the host stand, where I paid for my meal, and asked to see a manager. He told me they were really busy today (I replied that the bar/restaurant was barely half full!), and that he wanted to make it up to me somehow...told him he already missed his chance to provide me a good experience---I had already paid, and I was certainly not ever coming back, but appreciated his offer, Just wanted him to know that today, it would have been better if he was closed, because customers at the bar were complaining left and right.....Unfortunate, because I had been looking forward to eating here---its not worth it, with WAY too many better choices in LV.
5	This place is amazing! What an array of food! Who could ask for more? The service was wonderful, they were very attentive, and had a great selection! Everything was impeccable. I would definitely eat here again.
4	We had a party of 9 on Saturday night in the bar area part of the restaurant. The bar was happening but the restaurant was about 1/4 full. I had the Ribeye which was very tasty along with some mushrroms. The desserts were amazing as I was a big fan of the Choc. Bar. Service was good with the exception of some confusion getting the food in front of the right person when delivered. I'll go back when I get back to Caesars.
2	Service has been slow the few times I have been here. Prices are typical Vegas prices, but overpriced for the quality (both food & drink). The mussels lacked any and all flavor and were not very good.
4	Very nice inviting unique atmosphere. Breakfast on 4/4/12. Busy at 9 am as it should be. Michel Richard is a culinary icon and it shows. His style is very evident throughout.We had eggs benedict which was very very good. Hollandaise was thick and flavorful as it should be. Well done !!Wife had waffle and chocolate croissant. Both were very nicely done. French in syle and flavor...but of course. ! Deffinately worth a trip or a return visit. Good choice 24 hours a day.
3	Hard to miss right when you walk in, this large and lively restaurant in the lobby of Caesar's has some pretty solid food choices for the picky and non-picky eater alike. During my stay I had the chance to enjoy all three meals (breakfast, lunch and dinner). Each meal was pretty standard, good enough to say that this restaurant has their stuff together in the food department. If you find yourself considering lunch at this restaurant I would recommend the Chicken Burger with curry mayonnaise.The only area where this restaurant lacks, and you can blame it on being in a very large hotel in Las Vegas with tons of people coming and going all the time, is the service. Both at the bar and when sitting at a table we had to wait too long for our server to take our order and too long to bring us our food. I also witnessed many other patrons experiencing the exact same lack of attention. On a more positive note, this restaurant has a large bar with plenty of seating on both sides and it's one of the cheaper restaurants within Caesar's Palace.
1	Went there at 6PM on Saturday for a nice dinner before the Rod Stewart show at The Coliseum.  Place was 3/4 empty, and hostesses (there were several, all chatting with each other and genuinely uninterested in customer service) seated us at a table without setups, no glassware, no napkins.  Ten minutes later, busboy shows up - seriously, we timed it - with silverware and water glasses.  The waiters kept stopping by the hostess station, lots of arm waving and rolling eyes - not looking good. At 6:23PM - yes, that's right, TWENTY THREE MINUTES after being seated - the waiter dropped by to take a drink order.  We asked if we would be able to make the 7:30 show, and the waiter said probably not.  Wow.We left and dropped $200 at another restaurant that was far more interested in service, had a wonderful meal, made the awesome show... And will never return to Central again.Clearly customer service is not a priority at Central.  If you've got unlimited time and don't mind being ignored or made to feel inconsequential, this is your kind of place!
3	Pretentious, ok food, over-priced, slow kitchen, $22 Bacon Burger, $12 Beer...Cross the street to Le Burger Brasserie at Paris, better food, better service, better prices at a sports grille
4	Just rolled into Vegas, checked into Caesars. The restaurant  is located in the main lobby, so unless you sit inside the bar facing out  (it's horseshoe shaped, you will have to sit  too close to the foot traffic. We made reservations, but felt that the waitresses herded us to close to the next diners, as the place was mostly empty at 6:30 p.m.  We were seated  next to a lone diner who had to hear our conversation two feet away.  Next, about the wine list.   I love my glasses of wine, especially after the long car ride, Most  wines starting at 70. for a bottle of wine.  Damn, I hate being held hostage, When I told the sommelier my price point, unless you can spend a miniumum of $70. for a bottle of wine, just order by the glass. A  Tempranillo for $70 was chosen.   I really didn't like it, but since I had a cold, maybe my taste buds were off? I ordered the Loup De Mar on the suggestion of our waiter, my hubby ordered the roast chicken.  Both of these dishes were stupendous, amazing, bravo!  That fish was the highlight of my dining adventures that week!    We ordered the Calamari for an app., which was decent an ample portion.   Had perfect Cadillac margaritas on other days at the bar, and enjoyed our knowledgeable bartender Michael, who remembered our previous nights drinks when we sat down the next day before we went to the concert . Also great selection of tequilas.  Overall, next time I go want to back for that fish someday, but ask if they have a corkage fee.  Oh and it's open 24 hours!
1	Decent food. Very poor service. I came in and said "table for one" and the hostess said "you can sit at the bar." I took a few steps toward the bar and thought "I don't want to sit at the bar." I told the lady I wanted a table and she genuinely looked put out. Maybe her feet hurt (she had big blue bandaids on her heels where her new shoes were obviously creating blisters).My waiter was worse. Humorless and, at times, non-existent. The waiters looked like they were pleasant - towards each other. If only they had the same demeanor with the people providing the funds for their livelihood!It very much seems like this is the bottom of the food chain for staff at Caesar's. Plankton People! If you're late one too many times or get caught not washing your hands after a trip to the restroom you are banished to the Siberia of Caesar's eateries. These people genuinely looked they would be surly anywhere.The food was fine. When I noticed it was a 24/7 joint, I thought it might be like an old school Caesar's Diner but the Michel Richard name drew me in. Given the service, I'd recommend they revert back to Caesar's Diner. If you're going to offer shitty service like this, go back to candy striped bibs and the siren-like call of "Keno?...Keno?"Frowny face
4	Food and service was great. Scott offered good suggestions and helped whenever we needed it. Gotta try the deviled eggs. Burger was similar to Umami's. Lemon sorbet was refreshing on a hot day. Waiting for the chocolate lava cake which I'm sure will be awesome.
1	*HORRIBLE FOOD, HORRIBLE SERVICE, FOR A HORRIBLE PRICE!During my stay in Vegas i decided to stop by this restaurant because at first glance it was very nice looking.But boy was i WRONG! Let me start from the beginning... I walked in the front entrance and was met by two hostesses, one blonde with a messy bun and skimpy dress, and pumps , very unclassy (her butt was showing half the time). The second was a snobby brunette dressed in similar attire. they were rude from the start.The brunette HANDED ME A MENU and (asumming that means seat yourself as they were both just standing there with a snobby look on their face) i went to go sit down with my husband and the blond then SNAPPED, "we will seat you thanks."So she takes us to our table. If you enjoy SCREAMING ACROSS the table to have a conversation, then this is your kind of place... the tables are extremely long and my husband and i could not hear each other... the place LOOKS elegant but DON'T JUDGE A BOOK BY ITS COVER. AS Far as the food goes... It left MUCH to be desired... I ordered the onion soup, mashed potatoes, and steak. the total for myself alone was well over $65.00. I could not tell the difference betwean my soup and my potatoes... the potatoes were runny (boxed potatoes) and the onion soup had a layer of cheese that was 2 inches thick....  the steak was COLD!  My husband went with a burger and fries, with was displayed nicely.... he said his burger was worst than a mcdonalds burger... i didnt even finish my meal. i just munched on his fries and had to ask for my check after waiting for it for about 20 minutes... no one came to serve us. Our check was around $75.00 for crappy food and service..i have no problem paying good money for a good meal, but not for this kind of experience... i will NEVER EAT HERE AGAIN! Neither will any of my friends.
5	Had the prosciutto plate, tomato buratta mozzarella salad and the lobster burger for lunch last week. Everything was extremely delicious!! Will continue to book my business lunches here and love that it's open 24hrs. Chef Michel + Chef Todd are extremely talented and have a unique way of creating traditional American dishes. The lobster burger is something I would recommend trying. It has a great spice to it that pairs well with the lobster.  The only flaw with our meal was that I ordered an Arnold Palmer and they brought me plain ice tea. Not a big deal though & everything else was great.
4	Some of the best "French" Onion Soup I've had. Waiter tells me that it is Miso based (hence the quotes around French). The consistency of the broth was really nice. Also enjoyed the Rotisserie Chicken. The baby potatoes with delicious chunks of garlic were a highlight.Had other food here too on several meals during my stay at Caesars Palace. All were passable to good. A step above the average diner/coffee shop restaurant that every hotel seems to have.
1	THIS PLACE IS HORRIBLE! DO NOT EAT HERE!The food is over priced, and the service is terrible!! I came in and ordered the Chicken Burger and salad which was over priced and tasted like shit. It took over half an hour to get the food and once I got it there was a LARVA IN MY SALAD!!!!!!!! If you want insects in your food come to CENTRAL!!! yay!
2	Prices jacked up since my visit 7 months ago. 21$ for Meatball Burger and Fries.  $23 for Goat Cheese Caesar with Chicken.  21$ Chinese Chicken Salad. $9 for Side of Fries. Really? Nice looking place, some of the food is real good.  But at these prices, i do not see long term success.  And i thought the $16 Club Sandwich w/ Fries when this space was Augutus Cafe was a rip....I went to Mon Ami Gabi and got a great steak and fries in a wonderful outdoor table for $25.  Gimme a break
3	The food here was alright, but for a top location in Vegas, I expected more.The rotisserie chicken I had was dry, but my friend's steak looked enjoyable however, and his baked potato tasted heavenly. The fish dish le girlfriend had was decent, but the skin tasted like a mucus membrane rather than crispy goodness.With a Yelp check-in, I got a free scoop of apricot gelato, which tasted very pleasant and refreshing. Mama's chocolate lava cake, however, was more like a soft brownie, with no jizzy chocolate center.They had some additional offer running, where if you write a good Yelp review right there and show it to them, they'll take 10% off the tab. I got a message later from customer service saying it was a discount off a future visit, but the waitress made it seem like it was for then and there. I kept my dignity and did no such thing. Maybe they should improve the food and let the scores go up themselves.
5	Amazing food, excellent wait staff and a hip atmosphere!If you are looking for a new favorite restaurant, Central is the place to go.  The  menu has a great variety and everyone's meal was excellent!  My husband's steak was cooked to perfection and was a great quality of meat.  The server was very attentive and offered very helpful suggestions.  We can't wait to go back!
3	I've heard of Michel Richard's reputation and several reviews rate this place high. I have heard that their fried chicken is awesome. It's awesomely prepared. The mashed potatoes that come with it are superb. The chicken has a penko coating, it's crispy, juice... but a bit bland. Though, I came here around 2am after a long day of having fun in Las Vegas... So, I will have to try it again, when I've had less fun. It's a bit pricy for comfort food. However, the preparation supports the cost.
1	Horrible experience, will never go back... On a birthday trip for my mother we decided to stop in here for breakfast with my grandmother as well. We were all starving, so this place was fairly close. I wish I had had time to check these reviews, because the place is just crap like everyone else here seems to say. I got scrambled eggs and a freaking muffin for $10 because it was the cheapest thing I could find. If I'm spending that much, the eggs better be made of gold or something. They literally tasted like bland buffet eggs and were super runny! The overpriced food wasn't even the worst part. The service was absolutely HORRENDOUS! We waited over an HOUR for our BREAKFAST and the waiter was extremely rude. I have never been treated with such disdain before in my life. He would never check on us, and the one time he came over to fill the coffee (finally) my Mom had to catch him as he tried to saunter away without saying anything to us and asked very politely, "how's the food looking?" I couldn't believe what came out of his mouth, he said with so much sarcasm I thought it was dripping from his tongue, "hopefully good..." rolled his eyes and walked away. I can't believe any chef would keep his name on this place with the way it is run... NEVER AGAIN, worst dining experience EVER.
1	Was so looking forward to a splendid breakfast in this restaurant. The name Michel Richard almost guarantees it. Right? So wrong! The waiter was inattentive and the wait for food, at over 30 minutes, was just not right. Especially when others coming in after us were served first. How long does it take to scramble an egg? And this was on a Monday. The food, however, once it reached our table was very good. It did not, however, make up for the service we received.
2	Staying at Caesars and wanted a late night meal at 2am.  This is their fancy new 24 hour restaurant that's conveniently located at the bottom of the elevator (near check in counter and Augustus/Octavian Towers).  We thought we'd just do take out as room service was going to take over 90 min estimate and nothing really looked that good anyway.  When we got downstairs the hostess looked bored to death and pointed us to where we could order for take out. The menu looked fancy but a little pricey for a late night snack, but we ordered anyway.  We got the Denver omelet, crab cake sandwich (recommended by the bartender) fries, and mac & cheese.  It came out pretty quick, about 15 min. and took it to our room.  We were hungry, the food smelled good, and we thought the food was just mehhh.  The omelet was good, but needed salt.  It was very bland, actually.  The crab cake which was recommended wasn't that good and tasted frozen.  The texture was very rubbery, not something we'd order again.  The mac and cheese was probably the best thing ordered and we finished it off. I miss the old 24 hr restaurant of Caesars past.
1	The place is gorgeous but service is SLOW... After waiting for 20 minutes to get started we had to wait 15 minutes more to get drinks, and we had to ask 3 different waiters to get refills and it still took forever... And after placing the order for drinks it took them another 15 minutes to bring the drinks... After ordering the food it wasn't impressive at all... It was actually pretty bad... So let's review, bad/slow service, pricy/bad food... If you're thinking about eating at the Caesar's Palace I recommend you don't choose this place...
5	We had dinner the night of a bachelorette party and it was great! The food was wonderful, staff was accommodating and environment led us to a night of laughter. Food and drinks were great, I recommend eating the ice cream with the chocolate bar...yum!
2	Sigh... where do I begin with this place.  First off the service was appallingly bad.  I mean bad like we sit down... wait... wait... drink orders ( a coffee and two waters), wait... wait... 8 minutes goes by then my coffee shows up.  No water.  Really?  I had to flag down someone just to get some water.  FALE!Food was moderate.  I had the spinach pesto with chicken.  It seemed like something was a bit off in how it was cooked and presented but the taste was ok.  Chicken was dry but still edible.  My friend got the salad and that looked much better and was much larger than I expected.Then when it came time to pay we got to play the waiting game again.  I literally saw some guy at another table get equally fed up and hunt down the waiter so he could pay.  Yes... it was that bad.To sum it up:  If you have places you need to be in a timely manner, avoid this place as time obviously doesn't apply to the wait staff here.  Food was average but nothing to write home about.  Overall I say skip this joint for food and find another place in Cesars... I know you can do better.
5	absolutely outstanding!!! the food was flawless from the "Faux" grois (get the play on the word) to the Crab burger to the amazing pastries and cakes, I was in heaven!  i just love love love this place
2	I visited Central while I was staying and Caesars and I was far from impressed.My first problem is that they have items on their menu that they no longer serve and I'm not talking about a situation where they run out of a certain product and no longer have it at this time, they literally have items on their menu that they have not served at Central for months and have no plans on serving anytime soon.  That right there is a major issue.The service is shotty, the waiters and what I believe to be a busboy or assistant waiter happen to know nothing about the menu.  Couldn't really answer questions and they actually contradicted each other.  I asked the waitress about the item that was on the menu that they no longer served and she said they didn't serve it anymore, two seconds later another guy claims that they do serve this item.  I'm going need the staff to know the menu and actually discuss what is going on inside the kitchen and with the menu.The food was blah, I had the meatloaf and the mashed potatoes, the mashed potatoes were way too salty. It was unbearably salty and borderline uneatable.  The meatloaf was okay, nothing special at all about it but at least it tasted like what it was suppose to be and not just salt.Prices are a bit outrageous for the quality of service and food that you receive.  I have no plans on making a return trip to Central upon my next visit to Vegas.  Definitely not up to Michel Richard's standards.
3	after checking-in i got a free sorbet e-voucher. 3rd star. i forget to redeem it though. the bar is pretty cool. right at the front entrance, very open and airy. nice wine selection that you can view before entering. we just got drinks.
5	we came here late night to eat a burger and man it tasted like a steak. me and wife just shared one and i got a local beer which i think this place should carry more beers for local las vegas brewery. it was very expensive tho. 20 bucks for a burger but i left happy!
4	Only went there for dessert.  The desserts were very good and well presented.  It is inside Caesars and the prices are commensurate with other restaurants in Caesars (expensive).  However, if it is within your budget, I would recommend it.
3	Central is above all a safe middle-of-the-road dining option.Too safe in some cases; the meat and cheese board seemed pretty off-the-shelf grocery store class to me.  Well, grocery store shelves don't usually have prosciutto, so there's that, but still.Fried chicken had excellent texture and decent innate flavor.  The decision to pair it with what seemed to be a garlic aioli was a bit puzzling.Good option for times when you want to eat and don't want to have to put any effort into ordering or eating.  Beer list is respectable; I'm starting to wonder just how ubiquitous Delirium Tremens has become.
1	Sooo gross! The pasta was way undercooked. Tables are super long, I had to scream to have a conversation. The host (not cute) was rude. We felt as if we were being rushed to eat, the food had no taste for that price. Horrible experience!!!!!!
3	Meh.Gougieres were a bit flat.  Loup de mer was good.Service was annoying.   (I liked the somm as a person but  they need at least a few decent Old world style bottles for the random wine person that stumbles in).  They need to update the list on the website as it's a year old.Wine list is all new world - big dumb wines.The chocolate bar desert was fabulous.Overall, I was not impressed with the menu.
3	Came here while at Caesars in search of late night food options that weren't cooked in a deep fryer. We both had spaghetti with giant sized meatballs. The food was really good. I don't know that it was "$21 for spaghetti" good, but the quality was up there. The portion was deceptively large. We probably could have ended up sharing. I really enjoyed that I there was a "quality" late night option, but I think this place is way overpriced for what you're getting. I don't think any entree is less than $20. You'll definitely leave satisfied in your stomach, but feel as though you just got "taken".Service was friendly but slow. Late night servers... Whatdya gonna do!?!
3	I have a lot of respect for Chef Richard but was less than pleased on my recent visit.  Our experience was, surely, not up to his standards.  My suggestion, sir, is that you personally kick your chef and runners in the @ss and straighten them out.For breakfast I witnessed a bowl of grits be run across the dining room and immediately returned by the runner -- who appeared to have that "what table?" look of his face.  Then a bowl of grits appeared on our table.  Same plate?  Who knows and who cares... the question became, "where's the rest of our meals?"  It took several minutes for the waiter to work it out and the story was that "chef thought the runners took  the food".  That delay didn't seem to harm the American breakfast, or the filet and eggs very much... but it transformed the sauce on the eggs benedict into a semi-solidified coating.  Now that was a very tasty coating but not much of a sauce.  Running food shouldn't be too much of a challenge but it seemed to be challenging the staff on that day.  Had the food been delievered promptly and in top-quality condition this probably would have been a 4.5 star rating!p.s.  I'm suspecting that the following is much more complex an issue than I can imagine... but what's up with the lady wearing the brown shirt (Ceaser's uniform?)  doing hte floor cleanup?  Several times she cruised the dining room and then seemed to take a rest break right there.  Seeing a lady with dustpan, broom, and rubber gloves wasn't quite in keeping with a high-end dining establishment... but I do appreciate the need to keep the floors tidy.
2	Go to Vegas about five times a year, usually with the guys for sportsbook marathons.  This time I was here with the wife and kids at the end of a cross country drive home to LA from Virginia.  We had a ton of reward credits to burn so decided to go to a nice, yet fairly casual dinner.  We made a reservation through the Total Rewards app which was easy and efficient.  Arrived at 7:45pm on Monday to find the place completely empty.  Ha.  Oh well.  That said, there was one party in the restaurant and what did the hostess do?  Seat us at the table right next to that party!!  Seriously?  Anyhoots, decor is fun.  The food was just so so.  I had the meatloaf which was was too salty and nothing to write home about.  Wife and daughter split the slow roasted chicken and found it to be not much better than a Costco rotisserie chicken.  Youngest daughter had the mac n' cheese and found it to be "ok."  Decent beer selection.  I had a nice beer from Spain on tap.  But $8 for a 12 oz draught beer is a little much, even for Vegas.  The service was quite good.  Everyone was polite and attentive.  I can't say the meal was anywhere near worth $100 (even if we used reward credits) but, it's Vegas.  Tried it.  Won't go back.
3	Well, it isn't really a bistro, but more of a burger and salad joint right off the lobby. Delicious Chinese chicken salad, forgettable chicken burger, forgettable tuna burger.
1	I live in DC but come to Vegas a lot for work.  The DC location is one of my favorite restaurants.  This location is awful.  The service is subpar and dishes which are great at the other location aren't at this locationThe fried chicken in DC is wonderful with a special mustard sauce.  The chicken at this location is just a dry plain chicken breast.
4	I had breakfast here one morning...which is probably not the best meal in the world to have at a Michel Richard restaurant, but nevertheless, it was a very good breakfast!First of all, the space is amazing. Having taken over the 24 hour cafe that previously occupied this spot, Central now offers diners the pleasure of eating at any time of day, on any day of the year. This is a great place to have a late night meal, especially in Vegas.The bad news is because it is Vegas, and because it is located in Caesars Palace, your meal will be considerably more expensive than if you ate anywhere else. Having said that, it is still completely worth it to dine here (especially if you can get it comped, which I didn't).The food is comfort food...similar to Central in DC. Though Richard offers extravagant dining at some of his other restaurants, you aren't likely to find anything at Central that your mommy can't make at home, though at half the quality. Central is well worth the visit in Vegas, especially if you hit big on the craps table the night before. It's a good way to celebrate and give some of that money back to Las Vegas, before the Blackjack dealer takes it anyways!!!
3	Came here on a Saturday night and as a party of 10 we were seated right away. The waitress was very tentative and pleasant. While waiting for our food, we were offered bread and butter, which were both delicious and not too filling.It took a while for our food to come out, but considering we were a large party it was understanding..I had an order of their calamari. It was ok considering it was $13. I thought it could have been a bit crispier.I was able to try other items on the menu:- Fried chicken was really good. The breading and seasoning was really good. It was crispy but not dry- Steamed Mussels were kind of bland. Didn't have much flavor but the portion was large- Roasted chicken was salty and dry but a large portion- Mussel chowder was very watery but a lot of mussels Overall our experience was ok, but I wouldn't go back..
2	I just ate dinner at Central. Very nice modern bistro type of look. I ordered the Rotisserie Chicken and roasted potatoes. It also came with a nice salad. It was a good meal, just what I was looking for tonight. Also reasonably priced for Caesars and Vegas. This isn't a wow type place -- there are many of those on the strip, but it does help balance the budget with the more expensive dinners I have here. Service was excellent.Update: I went back to Central for breakfast this morning. I had good luck the night before and when I walked by this morning it looked very bright and cheery, so I decided to forgo the walk to the Wynn for the buffet there. It was about 7:45 in the morning and the place was 70% empty. Probably 30 or more empty tables. The couple in front of me was told it would be about 5 minutes and to wait to the side. I was told the same thing. No explanation given, and the two hostesses were not very friendly. 5 minutes go by ....still not seated. Another guy comes up...he gets seated immediately.  The other couple and I keep waiting...still not seated. So I say to heck with this, if I have to wait indefinitely and get treated this way, I might as well walk over to the Wynn for the buffet. I did, had a nice walk and had an awesome breafast. I probably won't come back and if I do, if I don't get seated right away when there are open tables in plain site, I'll immediately go elsewhere. My rating, which was 3 stars, now goes down to 2 stars.
2	Extremely mediocre food not worthy of a famous chef's name and just terrible service. We sat with empty drinks and water glasses for at least 15 minutes, our appetizer came out with our main course and we were made to wait for a table in a half empty restaurant. Our server was extremely friendly, but couldn't make up for the rest of it.I ordered an ahi tuna burger rare, which didn't happen. Still, it was pretty good, with a ginger sauce. The brussel sprouts with bacon were mushy and flavorless.
4	Great breakfast, Stopped in with some friends from out of town.Friendly helpful staff. Quick and fun.I will return.
3	Maybe the best thing about this place is that it's gourmet that is available super late. When most people are going to Pink's, Earl's, or Secret Pizza, the live-it-ups come here. When I say live-it-ups, those are the ones that are willing to drop the shiny penny. Bang-for-the-buck? Sadly, no. Money-is-no-object? Sadly, no, too. We did get good attentive service, but that's just halfway there. Comfort food part two. Ya rly. I know I just had Peppermill but the fun don't stop. We are night owls...awooooooo awoooooooo... and Yelpers need to have good food at all hours of the day.-=-Fried chicken-=-  We were all in good spirits after a fun night out in Yelp Vegas, so what's up here? It's fried chicken...yep, you heard me, gourmet fried chicken. Is it good? Well, it's different. It's lightly fried and in a panko breading. You won't have all the oily discharge problems that fast food fried chicken would give you. It flaked off pretty easily off the chicken. A big mound of chicken meat should atleast give me some flavor, but the flavor just didn't penetrate into the meat. The side dip of honey mustard was a welcomed addition, but it didn't help this poor fried chicken from it's dismal flavorless self. To top it off, I paid a pretty penny. Oh, how I wish I used that penny to get me a bucket of (insert fast food fried chicken here) that would feed a family of 4.
2	This food was nothing special...ESPECIALLY for the price!!!I am sick and tired of places in Las Vegas making their prices astronomically high because they are in Las Vegas.  If you know Las Vegas well enough, you know better than to pay high prices for food very often because you have so many ways to get cheap or complimentary dinners.  But Las Vegas is known to bring some of the best restaurants in the world to their city to get exposure by all of the tourists.  Well, let the negative exposure persist for Central's by Michel Richard.  It's too bad too, considering this Chef Michael Richard put his name on a place that executes their food soo poorly.  Maybe someday I can try a dish made by him PERSONALLY and find out how amazing his dishes may be when made by only him.  Got the croque madame, very mediocre, something I could have made myself.  Ordered a terrible cocktail with blood orange juice that was super sour, tart and lacked alcohol.  Biggest mistake I have ever made in Ceasar's Palace was coming here.
3	Well, I ate at the bar. I was expecting more - the burger was 'ok' but nothing special. I had better elsewhere in Vegas. This place is probably good if you're in a rush.
5	Central Michel Richard is another food emporium I have wanted to frequent ever since it opened at Caesars Palace.  At last Diane and I moseyed over here for 9:00 p.m. Sunday dinner.  Since Central is open 24 hours, I thought this would be a fancy French-influenced coffee shop.  But, happily, that is not so.  Burgers are available, but there is much, much more, including Faux Gras, Lamb Shank, and Mussels!On this initial visit, after enjoying excellent soft rsutic bread and soft butter, I began with Deviled Eggs, including anchovies on top if desired.  Creamy and cold, the four deviled egg halves were delicious and stomach filling.  I first paused and stiffened with apprehension when I detected a little crunch in a bite, thinking it might be a piece of eggshell.  But none was in sight.  I asked my server, and she assured me that the crunch was caused by tiny rice puffs deliberately included in the dish, "because Chef Richard likes texture."  This affinity was similarly echoed later during the dessert course, when a Chocolate Bar was accompanied by little malted milk discs.Matzo Onion Soup with Miso broth and Swiss Cheese in a large two-handled white crock tasted great; it was like a slightly lighter Onion Soup Gratinee with a delicate and fluffy, perfectly formed large Matzo Ball in the center.  Rotisserie Chicken with Roasted Potatoes & Garlic was moist and very tasty dipped in a delectable pan gravy.  I sat facing the rotisserie, and watched six plump birds bronzing throughout my meal, until they were carefully pulled off by a chef near the end.  Meanwhile, Diane enjoyed Fried Chicken and Mashed Potatoes.  The meat of her fowl was also noticeably moist and delicious. We finished with a huge but light Napoleon with Strawberry Sauce and Vanilla Bean Sauce, and a dense and super-long Chocolate Bar, which tasted much like a fudge cake.  Yum!  The sauces had vivid flavors, and jazzed up the Napoleon, whose filling was good but less sweet than I expected.  Although a fine dessert, it was not quite as tasty as the Napoleon I enjoyed in Jacques Pepin's French restaurant Jacques aboard the Oceania Marina.  Ambiance was that of a brightly lit French bistro, with a driving beat in the background.  Once I had to ask for a water glass refill.  Otherwise service was friendly and efficient.  Regardless of some negative reviews posted by other Yelpers, Diane and I will definitely be back for more fine fare fashioned with a French twist!
4	So, during my Vegas trip with my little sister we decided to have dinner here our first night in. We were staying at Caesars, and this was close to our elevators to our room. The service was pretty good, albeit a little slow - considering there were only about 8 other diners in the restaurant, and about 5 servers, you'd think they could pick it up a little bit!My sister got the fried chicken - I would NOT recommend making the same mistake. The chicken tasted almost like they boiled it, to pre-cook it, THEN breaded it and fried it. Kinda weird..... Their fries were good, though!They're only getting four stars for the absolutely STELLAR lamb shank I had. It was seriously one of the best I've had in quite a long time, and outside of my own kitchen. The meat was tender, not overcooked, and full of flavor. The meat literally fell off the bone - I had no use for my knife. I decided against the polenta for the evening and asked for mashed potatoes instead. The kitchen apparently screwed up and gave me the polenta (which, mind you, was very, very good), so my potatoes were brought out separately. The potatoes were quite good as well.Overall, for the price, I don't think it's THAT fantastic. But that lamb shank - damn, I'll go back just for that!
4	Get Your Late Night Fix Here!During my last trip to Las Vegas I stayed at Caesars Place and was excited to have a 24 hour restaurant downstairs. I ended up eating here 3 times during my trip! Granted it was around 4AM every time I ate here... Sober or drunk I know my food; and this place was GOOD! I ended up eating the grilled cheese, mac & cheese (YUMMY), fried chicken, and wings! Everything was on point and tasty! Thanks for my late night fix Central! I will definitely be visiting again next time I'm in Vegas.
3	Late night food.  Great service by Edward.  Made me the onion n bacon tart eventhough its not on the menu.Chinese Chicken Salad was good.  Better be for $19.  The one @ Max Brenner for $15 is bigger and better.Again, its hard for me to support any place that sells a Chicken Caesar Salad w/ Goat Cheese for $25
2	Late night bar service was awful, but food was pretty good.
1	CROOKS!!!!! I left the 3-star review you see below last night, and then *suddenly* today the amount i charged to my credit card for the meal was increased by $100 and posted to my bank account today! is that how you punish people for leaving honest reviews? you change the amount you charged to their credit card by $100? both my bank and your manager will be hearing from me. AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL***********************i had the pesto cream pasta with chicken and it was INCREDIBLE!!! sooo delicious!!! however, a dish that would have been $15 at any other restaurant was $26 at Central.... i understand this is Vegas, but seriously... $26 for some pasta with pesto and chicken breast? it didn't even come with garlic bread.my friend had the pancakes which were equally delicious - and equally expensive. we later passed another excellent restaurant in the forum shops that served the same breakfast menu for half price - and this is within the same hotel! literally a 5 minute walk awayoverall, i would go here again BUT only if it were 4am after the clubs and i were starving and it was the only thing open. otherwise, i would find something better for that price (like any of the 5-star buffets)
1	Terrible service / food in a captive market. We just finished breakfast, had to wait 25min althought the restaurant was half empty. Half our food was cold or wrong, and for the price, this is ridiculous. Strongly do not recommend unless you have nothing else.
2	Breakfast at the Central was a big disappointment. Nothing unique on the menu except a Croque Madame sandwich, which in hindsight I should have ordered as it would have probably been hot. I had the central breakfast which is eggs, 3 meats (bacon, sausage & ham), mini pancakes & potatoes. It's a Denny's grand slam basically. Good news: my poached eggs were perfectly cooked & didn't taste like vinegar. And the pancakes were small, but fine. Bad news: everything else. Potatoes were cold so we asked for new ones. When the new batch arrived they were certainly hot, but also clearly just out of a deep fryer. Greasy doesn't begin to describe them. And they tasted like the same cheap frozen & fried potatoes you'd get at any bad breakfast joint. The bacon was tasteless & limp, the ham was bland & I didn't venture into the sausage. Bottom line it was a bland, boring grease fest with ok service & nice poached eggs. For $45 for 2. We should have gone to Denny's.
4	Had the T-Bone and king crab leg combo and my wife had the Lamb shank ,both very good and very,very rich - bring your A game appetite.
5	We've eaten here multiple times during two trips to Vegas - always good. From breakfast to "midnight" snack (although it was more like 3am) Portions are plenty, staff is super friendly and the drinks are great. We'll be back next year for sure.
4	This is a very solid place for a late night bite without having to deal with the ratchets on the strip.  It is the only 24 hour place in Caesar's Palace so make this your go to option before the sun rises.
4	Pretty good!! Would come back again - we got in for breakfast around 11am with no reservation.  The food was delicious - only complaint was it was a bit pricey, but then again it's in Vegas.   I got the big breakfast combo - eggs, sausage, potatoes, bacon (the best!!!!) and orange juice.  Everyone was happy with their order.Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was that our waiter messed up at the end and  left us for 35 min (!) and we watched him flirt with another dude at a nearby table.  Kinda funny but we had a plane to catch.
1	Came for Thanksgiving Lunch, we ordered off the pre fixe menu and food took about 1hr to get our appetizer course. Then another 45mins to get colder entrees. Turkey was dry and bland, the sides were overcooked and sour. Dessert came about 5 mins into the entree course, we obviously weren't ready so waiter places all our dessert dishes on the table next to us. Bottom line: poor service, poor food and high prices.
3	Genre for rating: American, upscale casualI've been numerous times to the Central I'm DC, and although the more recent Vegas addition is on par, I got the feeling something was missing. Although I cannot exactly put my finger on it, the quality of the food, as well as the service, was a notch below the on-point sister in DC. For example, the temperature of the food was off, the tastes were not as pungent, and the timing was irregular.Food: ***Service: ***Atmosphere: ***What I got: Fried chicken, calamariBest bet: I love Michel Richard, but his DC locale puts this one to shame.
4	Had breakfast here with my boyfriend and friend. Our waiter was nice and service was quick.I ordered my usual, Eggs Benedict, which come with "house potatoes" which are O'brien potatoes. I thought it was great, the hollandaise had excellent flavor, and I loved the potatoes, they were seasoned well and very moist. BF ordered the French Toast Creme Brulee, wow. I am not a huge sweets person, especially in the morning, but I could have eaten that whole plate. Two pieces of awesome thick Brioche, stacked with a layer of creme brulee custard in the middle. It was served with some jam...raspberry I think...that he spread all over the top of it and made it that much better. It was dessert for breakfast, but it was very good!My friend ordered a basic breakfast of over easy eggs, sausage, and potatoes. He enjoyed his food as well.Breakfast was $80 after tax and tip, so be prepared to spend last nights winnings here for some good food.
3	Service was lacking and the waffle was slightly disappointing. My colleagues enjoyed their food though!
4	Got into Vegas quite late and was looking for a quick bite and a cocktail.  We happened upon this place which is a great bar to grab a quick bite to eat, quench your thirst and just people watch. The Onion Soup is a Must!  Easily the best onion soup that I have ever had, very flavorful, and vegetarian at that!  The burger, they have  a few, but we are talking beef here, was great.   There is a crisp potato & onion concoction that tops the burger giving it a wonderful crunch and flavor.  Kristina, one of the graveyard shift bartenders was so friendly and made the best Summer Sangria!
4	Great service and the rib eye is delicious! Will be back again.
1	Most mis-managed restaurant I have ever been to! After mixing up our order two separate times, a women who introduced herself as the General Manager came over to speak with us. She was very rude, and never once apologized for the kitchens mistakes. She tried to blame it on the poor server, and came off so unprofessional. I never give low ratings, and wouldn't have for Central, but the General Manager was beyond anything I have ever seen. I will never go back!
1	It's so bad...over salted food (rivals pickled foods) from the butter to the dry rotisserie chkn breast, everything priced at least 3x what it's really worth. Fried chkn plate is over $20 for about $3 of ingredients. Smart location near lobby and Augustus tower, it's unfortunate they take that fully for granted.Service was pretty lousy, I get that Xmas eve isn't gonna have the A team but they didn't have to suck either.  Water tasted bad as well, it doesn't cost much to filter water, should be a standard at a restaurant that's $20-30/entree range.
1	My previous review was regarding the restaurant, the horrible food, and horrible service. This review is in regards to the management...When I first wrote a review about this horrible restaurant, it was to simply to warn others to not EAT there. So, when the management (see comment on previous review) asked me to contact them/her via email, i did so. When i contacted her, she apologized to me about my experience, Offered to refund me and my husbands cost of the meal that night, and even asked us to give them another shot.... I responded more than once... I was supposedly "transferred" to another person to deal with the refund and started to get the run around from their corporate....." I sent back my address and a copy of the bill like rebecca requested.... I DID NOT GET A REFUND...  I feel like the company responds to bad posts to make them look good but nothing is ever done to change the bad business they are putting out. THIS COMPANY DOES NOT CARE ABOUT ITS CUSTOMERS FROM THE BOTTOM ALL THE WAY UP TO CORPORATE.I just made a trip to Vegas again and I made sure i did not spend my money here, i let the whole group I went with know where to avoid.... THIS PLACE!!!
1	I have never been so humiliated in my life! I came here for New Years Eve 2013 expecting to have a great time especially for what i am paying for it. to make a long story short it took close to two hours to get our meal. We got there at 10:30pm and ordered our food a few minutes later and we did not get our food until after the new years eve. We had to break our celebration to come sit down and eat a luke warm meal. i ordered a filet so unless they killed the cow there in the restaurant why would it take  two hours to get a medium steak with string beans.We addressed the manager Shanee Alexander or vice versa and she was not paying attention to our genuine complaints and had an attitude and pretty much told us our issues is not her concern. I have never seen an establishment handle customers in such manner. I will never recommend this place to anyone. You could get better service shopping in the frozen food section at walmart.
1	Worse restaurant I've ever been in Las Vegas and very expensive. Spoiled our New Years Eve celebration with cold entrees and took more than 2 hours for the lousy food to arrive.
1	I HATE PLACES THAT DON'T GIVE YOU THE WHOLE BOTTLE OF KETCHUP. This is the largest infraction in my book AND my Strike 4 read below for other strikeouts.   With that stated, I think there's something inherently wrong and disturbing when I get a little midget cup with ketchup in it.  I like my ketchup and feel that I should put this condiment on anything I desire.  You also have to ask for ketchup even with home fries or french fries, it's a crying shame in my book. An outright atrocity.  And then after we asked for it, the server only brought it out for 2 out of 4 of our party. So he disappeared again for 5 mins to go back and get 2 more small cups. Shame really a shame.4 of us went here for breakfast, all staying out Caesar's so it made sense.  We walked up, rather early before 9 am, and even though they had at least 10 open 4 top tables, were told it would be a 15 min wait (Strike 1)   We were in town for a convention and really didn't have the 15 mins so we sat up at the bar. Bar service was VERY slow, guess why, b/c everyone was sitting up there, so there was NOT enough staff to handle the full bar. We waited on numerous occasions for everything from greeting, to drink orders, to silverware, to ketchup, to more ketchup, to more drink delivery, to check delivery (Strike 2)--this is a MANAGEMENT problem in my opinion. Staffing was a problem throughout the restaurant. Order our food. Presentation was horrendous see my picture on how terrible my plate looked.  It's also horrendous that GRITS are as expensive as they are on this menu-I think they were like $11. It's also a travesty that you can't sub-out home  fries for anything else [grits, fruit, tomatoes, etc] (Strike 3).  It's also a shame that their cheapest breakfast is like $17 for just eggs, toast, and homefries. My other friend actually returned her meal b/c it was ice cold.  Management has to work on the number of employees working, availability of ketchup, salt and pepper and silverware on the table, and presentation and timeliness of delivery, as well as, seating and the hostess stand that's a crying shame in Las Vegas.
1	Poorly understaffed, rude staff, mediocre food, grossly underestimate the wait time and SMALL. This is supposed to be the hotel's 24 hour restaurant and yet probably 1/3 the size of the MGM hotel groups 24 hour restaurants. Save yourself and head over to Cafe Bellagio. I came to this place simply because I love Michel RIchard's pastries. I went in, asked what the wait for two would be and was told 20-30 minutes. Very well, I strolled through the shops and came back. Again, I saw a longer line and was told "another 30 minutes." At this point, I should have left but instead I stayed in the area and waited. 50 minutes of waiting I had had enough and went to the manager. A man by the name of Xavier and another younger man came and told me it's because the the 7-star and diamond casino guests have priority....OKAY, SO DON'T LIE ABOUT THE WAIT TIME! Still, we were taken to the back of the dining room (with about 7 empty tables near us) and sat down. I ordered a creme brulee french toast and voila after 10 minutes a cold dish appeared. GUESS WHAT I FOUND IN IT? PLASTIC!! And this was nothing small, literally 6 inches of it. I quickly called over the manager, he was not so shocked, I knew the plastic was for pre-packaged food which pissed me off even more and he asked if I wanted anything else instead... I said let me see the menu. I ordered a sandwich because I didn't want to go wait anywhere else and a cold, mediocre Club sandwich arrived. On my bill I saw I was being charged for the sandwich and this urks me so I call over Xavier again...his manager says to me: "Well when he asked if you want anything you did not reply so you agreed to pay for it yourself" Seeing as how I was not one to be argued with he took the bill and I left. Seriously: What type of people act like they're doing you a huge favor by taking the food with 6 inches of plastic off the bill?OVERALL: POOR STAFF, UNDERSTAFFED, RUDE STAFF, LOW QUALITY FOOD, AND I'M SURPRISED MICHEL RICHARD WOULD PUT HIS NAME ON A RESTAURANT UNDER SUCH A DESPICABLE HOTEL GROUP!
3	I usually have breakfast here when I stay at Caesars. The food and staff are great.  Prices are a little high, but hey you're in Vegas.  They have a nice bar/lounge area. Great place to grab a drink before heading out for the night.  Can't miss this place.  It's right next to the hotel check in area.
2	The food was okay, nothing fantastic and the service sucked.  I definitely wouldn't want my name on the restaurant if the was the chef.
3	A generous... A-Ok! Prices are a bit steep and food was decent. Good late night grub in my book. I've only been here once during my recent stay at Caesar's. Service was good and our waiter was really nice. No waiting for our group of 7 at 2am. I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and enjoyed it. Granted, I was happy buzzin'. Hearty meatballs and tasty sauce. I downed that thing so fast. If I stayed at Caesar's again, I may be back. But to be honest, I don't feel like it's a place you need to go out of your way for with so many other choices in Vegas. 'Til next time... cheers!
2	I guess one can call Central a high end coffee shop for Caesar patrons.  High end prices ?  Yes.  High end quality ? Hell no !Took the gf, my daughter and her friend for dinner last Saturday.  In the past, I've had a snack or two in the bar area - found the burger to be decent.We tarted with some apps:Cheesesteak sliders ($15)  steak was tender but, try to find the cheese .... fries included were crisp and tastyPotato Nachos ($11) - this dish should be called, "Try to find the cheese, Part II"  but i did like the chips !Main Entrees:Rotisserie Chicken ( $22) - includes fingerling potatoes ( they always freak me out ) and a side salad.  The highlight was the dipping au jus.  The chicken was "mushy"Meatloaf ( $24) - included mashed potatoes and hericot verts.  Meatloaf overcooked, potatoes good, verts - ice cold.Short Ribs ( $38) -  very tender, flavorful.  gf ordered a side of polenta - creamy, buttery, delicious.Rib eye steak ($39) - covered in gravy with a side of mushrooms.  Rib  eye does not swim very well in gravy !  the mushrooms were decent.Ordered a slice of chocolate cake to go ( we were late to Smith Center for a show ) - the gf ate it on the way to the show - i had a bite.  not impressed - thick layers of a dark chocolate mouse - no frosting to speak of and it had a berry juice infused in it - didn't work for either of us.daughter and friend ordered creme brulee to go - i've yet to get a report on it.Total cost including several beers - $360 !!  Imagine how much i can order at Denny's with $360 ?!?I don't expect high value eating at a coffee shop in Caesar's but i expected much more than what we got.
2	In Ceasars Palace at 4 am and nothing within walking distance, so we ended up here. I ended up getting the Chilli Cheese Fries. $8 NOT well spent. Small amount and the same quality as Weinerschnitzel... no joke!Will most likely pass this up next time. I should have spent my $8 on a slot machine....
1	Ummm.... I feel bad for the servers who have to sell the food. It has to be embarrassing for them to put a smile on while they are charging so much money for such a terrible product.
4	A friend and I came for the 2013 Restaurant Week menu and since there were 2 options for the appetizer, entree, and dessert- we ordered one of everything and shared.  We started with the Roasted Beet Salad which comes with arugula and a piece of breaded goat cheese.  I love beets so I loved everything about this dish.  The other appetizer was Tuna Carpaccio with Soy Vinaigrette.  This was filled with so much flavor and topped with jicama a tiny beads of puffed rice.  The entrees were a Pan Seared See Bass with dill fingerling potatoes and lime beurre blanc. Mmmmmm.  The sea bass was cooked perfectly and the sauce was absolutely delectable.  After I finished my half of fish and potatoes, I was tempted to grab a piece of bread to soak up every last drop of the sauce.  But I restrained myself because I had the half of the Rotisserie Chicken with vegetable stack to dig into.  My friend had eaten the breast portion, and when she passed the thigh to me, I sliced into it and noticed that it was very undercooked.  I brought this to the attention of the waitress and she apologized and had it fixed immediately.  No problem, my friend and I continued on with great conversation and I had a chance to digest the huge servings of food that I already consumed.  When the new dish came out piping hot, I was very impressed that the restaurant manager came to the table to offer his apologies as well (and a discount on that meal).  Very nice touch. The dessert offerings were an caramelized upside-down cake with tart cherry sauce and mango sorbet. This was perfectly sweet and delicious.  The other dessert was a caramel cheesecake with feuilletine crust.  My eyes almost popped out when I saw how huge the slice was.  I was already so full from the gastronomical adventure but managed to take a few bites of this delectable and rich dessert. If I had space I would have devoured just the crust alone, it was sooooooo good.  Another very successful restaurant week selection! The restaurant itself is very spacious and open. I would love to return and try other items.  I also know that if I have a craving at 2 in the morning, I can always go there because it is open 24 hours! The bar area is also spacious and looks like a fun spot to grab a drink.
3	It was okay.  Not really worth the price.
2	Poor to "middlin" for Breakfast.... Limited options on a Sunday morning.  Had the "Croque Madame" , which was pitiful for a James Beard Award winning Chef (Michel Richard) my guess is he's never seen or been within a mile or two of this place.  If I was him I'd get my name off of this "faux coffee shop".  My girlfriend had scrambled eggs... Pretty sure there of the powdered variety.  She said the coffee was pretty damn good so I guess it's not all bad.  Service is slow and muddled with hard to find food servers ... The whole deal is really pretty piss poor for Caesar's ....
1	Like a lot of other reviewers, did not have a good experience.My meal was delicious. Where things went wrong was service. Server ignored us for a good while. Apps and entrees arrived almost at the same time. After done with entrees, no follow-up re: do we want anything else, just came over and dropped the check on us.
3	This is a great place to go when you are getting those cravings late night. There is a full bar here and the prices are a little high, but then what do you expect its VEGAS! I usually come here for breakfast and its portioned well for the price. Can not go wrong with eggs, bacon, and toast. The service here can be better but i feel like its a hit or miss. There are times where I got amazing service and there are times it can be horrible. If you are looking for a quick breakfast bite then this is a place to go. If you want to spend your money on lunch, I suggest else where.
5	loved the food, great late night place. really nice atmosphere. super nice staff. prices are AMAZING for being in vegas.
5	This is my bf, his sister, and my go to food place after clubbing if we're staying at Caesar's palace. You know that feeling after you're super plastered and want nothing more than wings... Well look no further, this place has it. Not to mention they have a super friendly staff that is willing to put up with our drunk asses. The hostess Rizza was super sweet and funny,our server Chris was understanding and helpful. i personally give a thumbs up for their service. I always order the buffalo wings, which is an appetizer, as my entree and it has never failed me. It might not be the ideal entree for a drunk person since it can get messy, but it always keeps me happy and I've never woken up hungover...so I'm sure it compliments all the alcohol previously consumed wonderfully:) My bf ordered the bacon cheeseburger and his sister ordered the turkey sandwich. We all left happy, full and content.To those of you who complain about the price..it's vegas, you can't be stingy..and you're paying for convenience and service! Will I be back? Definitely, not only for the food but also for the service from their awesome staff.
1	After a weekend of drinking, gambling, and general bad behavior, we wanted to get some food before leaving town. My boyfriend was of the "let's go to Sonic's" camp, but I said I'd rather have some "real" food. This wasn't it.We considered a buffet, but figured the price wouldn't be worth it for shitty food and started walking around to find an actual restaurant.Unfortunately, we found this place and its less than buffet-quality breakfast, and ended up paying the most we paid for a meal all weekend.$20 gets you a plate of food crammed with eggs (the scrambled eggs had no salt and tasted like the same stuff McDonald's puts on your breakfast platter), mini-pancakes, and a bunch of meat. The bacon was tiny and shriveled but it's bacon so I guess I can't complain, the sausages tasted like mushy goop encased in a really tough outer shell, and the piece of ham was on the rubbery side and looked like something you'd see a cartoon character eating. Like idiot assholes, we got 2 of these. $18 for a plate of corned beef hash and eggs. The over-easy eggs definitely looked like they came out of a real egg, so I was happy about that. The potatoes were fried to shit, but were fine for a hangover breakfast, and the "corned beef hash" was a puck of greasy deep-fried corned beef patty. Not the kind of corned beef I'd expected for the price -- this was like Hormel corned beef from a can sliced into rounds, frozen, then deep fried and oozing with grease. I'm not totally against that idea, as canned corned beef hash is kind of one of my most disgusting guilty pleasures, but this should have been wrapped in a wax paper sleeve and handed to me through my car window in exchange for $3. $15 more dollars for more pretend eggs and a few more of those tiny mushy sausages with another weird and greasy puck of hash browns? At least McDonald's hash brown oblongs have that deceptive potato-y shape.$12 for a Bloody Mary served in a small juice glass which basically tasted like a V8, but did have a tiny hint of bologna. I looked at the menu and realized the bologna must have been why it's called a "lardon" bloody mary. I've never left alcohol on the table at a restaurant before, but this was totally called for. At $3 per sip, I figure I left about $8 behind.The best value was the coffee and the latte, at $4 and $6, respectively. No refills on the coffee. Or, who knows, maybe you can get a refill if you can get somebody to come by your table. But by the time our server came back around, we had already raided a neighboring table for their salt and pepper, and managed to get somebody eating nearby to give us one of their tiny single-serving bottles of tabasco. Chalked the slow service up to our server not wanting to face us after we tasted our food. We finished our plates because we were hungry and paid a lot of money, but I wish we'd had enough balls to just leave. I'm glad I didn't realize this was a "celebrity chef"-y place, otherwise I might have had some expectations. Before I logged on to Yelp and realized that this place has, like, a name attached to it, I was going to say that high prices and shitty food are probably kind of expected for a 24-hour place in the lobby of a hotel. But waitasec, you're telling me that it isn't wildly unreasonable to expect the food to taste better than something I cook at home while half-asleep and completely wasted in my underwear at 3am, then eat while standing up over the sink? Well, now I think Michael Richard owes me $112. ...And he should probably hook our waiter up, because at the end of the meal, I just felt bad that he had to hand us that check. It was probably kind of embarrassing for him.If you have $112 burning a hole in your pocket, you should just take it to a slot machine. It's faster that way, and you're less likely to get the shits.
1	I can't believe the level of rudeness and lack of courtesy that the setting hostesses have at the poor excuse of a "pub" wannabe.   There were at least 20 tables open (not exaggerating--it might have been more) and only 4 tables of diners, but we were denied seating for over 15 mins.   Supposedly because there "were only 2 servers".  I don't see how that's a problem.  And I don't understand why they need three ho bitches at the hostess stand when there's only two servers.   I'm sure one of the hostesses could have stepped in.  I lost my appetite after that interaction.  I don't even remember the food.   It was just passable.
3	We were looking for someplace nice (not ridiculously priced) to eat last minute on Saturday night. Friend found this place on Yelp. Menu looked good. Decided to give it a try. Arrived at the restaurant and were seated immediately. The place was pretty empty. Thats not really a good sign on a Sat night. In any case, we sat and ordered:Tomato Mozzarella Stack - SO GOOD! Heirloom tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, red onion and a REALLY GOOD, light vinaigrette. Yellow tomato Gazpacho - I'm not really a fan of cold soups (Soup is supposed to be HOT!) That said, my friend ordered this and I had a taste. It was SOOOOO GOOD! Garlicky and flavorful!Filet Mignon - Ehhhhh. NO FLAVOR AT ALL. Fried Chicken - Pretty good. I wouldnt say its super flavorful, but the breading is really crispy and crunchy. Also, the mashed potatoes are super creamy and good! The best thing we had was the Black Pama Cocktail - Stoli Raspberri, Pama (Pomegranate liqueur),  Triple Sec, Blackberries. Comes in a martini glass with a sugared rim. SO GOOD!! We ordered like 6 of these!!I'm not sure that I'd return for the food, but I would totally go back for drinks.
1	Before  heading out to one of the nightclubs we decided to wander around Caesar  Palace for a place to eat, there were so many restaurants to choose  from.  After walking around for about 20 minutes, we stopped at Central  by Michel Richard.  The hostess warmly greeted us and showed us to our  table. The decor is lovely, yet LOUD. You literally have to talk extremely  loud to hear one another. The prices are a bit steep, and the food was  decent. Nothing on the menu caught my eye at all, so I just kept it  basic with a Goat Cheese Caesar Salad with Chicken ($17). When it  arrived, the presentation was excellent. The romaine was fresh, and  crispy, the chicken lacked any flavor, and the dressing was way too heavy. But  as I looked over the bill they charged me $24 for the chicken caesar  salad (which I thought was ridiculous, gotta read the fine prints).
3	Good solid food.Dull boring menu that has not changed much since it has opened.Pricey and not worthy of it.Mediocre service.Swarm of airhead hostesses and Meathead bartenders= Little Class
3	Breakfast for 8 on 5/11/13. Most of us ended up with the Central or English breakfast special and we were pleased. Drinks were a little weak. Good service!
5	I had to pick up tickets for Absinthe, so what more excuse did I need to have lunch at Central right next door?  The seating at laminated blonde tables is rather spartan, but comfortable enough.  Service was good, with a personable server.    Iced Tea was strong and bracing.  Onion Soup was excellent with a really tasty light chicken broth, well-melted gobs of Emmental Cheese, thoroughly deconstructed bread, White Onions, and tiny chives.  Too bad matzoh balls are no longer available as before.  But the traditional French Onion Soup is still plenty good.A BLT was very nice with vibrant bacon, fresh red tomato, and lettuce on a lightly toasted Sourdough Bread as requested.  Alas, no avocados at all are served in the restaurant, so this sandwich could not be further enhanced.  A large slice of Chocolate Cake came with an ample scoop of Vanilla Bean Ice Cream on the side.  Thank goodness, for an order of Ice Cream is $8 by itself!  The Chocolate Cake was split between alternating layers of fairly dense Chocolate Cake and rich Chocolate Mousse on a plate covered with Vanilla Sauce and Raspberry Sauce.  I brought part of this confection home fore Diane, to mollify her somewhat for going out on my own for a sumptuous, nearly $40 lunch.
4	Had a quick dinner before seeing Shania Twain, we were seated at once but only had an hour before the show.  We asked our server, Jodie if we could be in and out quickly and she assured us we would be.  This was our first visit and we were impressed with the food.  Many reviews mention poor service, not us!  Jodie was great recommending their meatloaf and Caesar salad, we ordered both and shared.  The meatloaf was moist and spicy, the salad with goat cheese was really, really good, different but very well presented and tasty fresh!  Hubby said this needs a return visit!
2	$10 a guinnes in a plastic cup !?!Way too expensive  !
2	food sucks...me and a friend order a blt....very salty bacon and they use cabbage instead of lettace....its call a BLT....wtf...there is no cabbage in BLT....Service was average.....food sucks...my other friend had the rotisserie chicken...he was disappointed...The food is very expensive for a cafe...I don't recommend....
2	Not horrible, but really not that great either.  Food was mediocre at best and not cheap.  Service was good.  I would only eat here again if everything else was full in Caesar's.
5	SO good, and one of my favorite go-to restaurants in Las Vegas. Consistently excellent, great interpretations of classic dishes and killer desserts. Fantastic service-- even when something was screwed up with our order, our server immediately took it back to the kitchen to be fixed, the manager came over and apologized to us and said he would "do something for us" at the end of the meal. The something turned out to be a comped cocktail and 20% off the whole ticket, an unexpected and welcome treat. :-) I've been several times and look forward to enjoying Central again soon...
4	I took a friend of mine on a trip to Vegas for her birthday. Thanks to awesome east cost weather, our plane landed 4 hours later than scheduled, and instead of having a dinner and clubbing all night we ended up at the Central, which is open 24/7. A star for that. We were able to have a nice dinner at 5am.The restaurant manager looked like he was in pain (the suit looked too tight on him, and he acted like an a** with the servers. This is not something customers are meant to see in the first place, by the way.). The service would be excellent without him being nosy and annoying. A star goes to our server.Food - it was absolutely worth its price. I had a burger with salad which I killed on the spot, since I hadn't had any food for almost 24 hours, except stupid pretzels on the plane. My gf ordered a Caesar salad which tasted so good that I ended up stealing a quarter from her. Dessert - yum, yum yum! Overall, I was very pleased with the service and food, and my pomegranate martini suggested by our server.
3	Not as good as the original DC location, but I'll take any Michel Richard I can get on the West Coast.My favorite entree is the chicken and mashed potato. The portion is on the larger size, but fairly priced. The chicken is fried with an herb breading that is quintessential Michel. Crispy, with the right amount of salt and pepper. If you make it to dessert, share the ridiculously-priced banana split with a friend. Very Vegas presentation!
3	Food takes forever n ever!!!We stopped by here after clubbing, before heading back to our room.  Waiting and waiting for our food.  The late/ early next day food wasn't well prepared.   The french onion soup was very watery and flavorless.  The chicken steak was not good.  Although I picked at the Chinese Chicken salad was pretty descent.  My chocolate late/early AM  ice cream was a rude awakening!!!I think late night kitchen crew is not at their best.  Room service would of been more agreeable!!
3	We stopped here for dinner last Friday night and I remember checking-in on Yelp and being surprised by the 3-star average rating when the restaurant looked so nice.We all ordered different things just to be able to share - I got the Mediterranean sea bass, which was great. The arugula salad it came with was very tasty. Our waiter was extremely friendly and chatted with us over the whole Dwight Howard moving to Houston fiasco.Overall, the dining experience would have been perfect if not for (as many have mentioned, hence the 3-star average) the SLOWWWWWW food service. Our food took a good while to come out (30 mins?), and two people in our party had ordered the set meals, which came with a dessert choice. The dessert portions were PUNY, yet took at least 20 minutes to come out - pretty ridiculous, man.I'll give 3 stars overall to be fair since the food was good (and the waiter we had was cool), but the timing and promptness of delivery here needs to be picked up greatly.
3	Another DC chef has jumped into the "open a restaurant in Vegas" bandwagon and this time its Michel Richard of Citronelle fame (this was a ridiculously great place by the way).  The Central in DC is  fun place with well prepared food and really really good fried chicken, kinda great reinterpretations of comfort food.Alas, not everything is comforting in this place.  Service can be quite spotty and food quality can vary. At their best the faux gras is an incredible flavorful pate with a touch of creme fraiche on top and scooped up on the slightly charred piece of bread, provides an incredibly delicate burst of flavor in your mouth.  The Philly Cheese Steak sliders were a disappointment on both occasions, redeemed by the tartar of fillet mignon.Sat at the bar a few times and had incredibly bad service twice, but outstanding service once (very recently!) to even out the score to 2.5.  If you are a DC native...don't go to this place! If you are not a DC native, its worth going to see what decent food with occasional greatness can be.  Oh the fried chicken...is really good!
2	$19 for an egg benedict. It was "Meh. I've experienced better."Fuck you. Never coming back.But giving the staff a star for good and friendly service.
4	Do's (delicious): Rotisserie chicken, American breakfast.Donts: Fried chickenAmazing service at night, less great during the morning hours.
4	Located near the front check-in desk in Caesars Palace.
2	I was really looking forward to trying this place and heard great things about it. Our service was fantastic but the food not so much. I ordered the flat iron steak cooked medium topped with shrimp and a side of cream spinach. The spinach was so hot I burned the entire roof of my mouth on my first bite so after that I couldn't taste very much. My steak came out VERY well done so I sent it back. (I felt awful that I did this)It came back pretty much blue rare. At that point I should have said just take the steak I don't want it anymore and because everyone in my party was almost done eating. I don't consider myself to be a "foodie" and felt like a complete ass when I sent it back the first time and I regret it now but I ate it. Our server Jodi was outstanding and also the gentleman that brought us our wine. He was very friendly and fun to talk to. He seemed quite passionate about the food which made it even more disappointing.
3	I wasn't impressed by this spot at all. It's advertised as the fast casual and cheaper hotel dining option at the Caesar's and I found it to be neither of those things. The menu felt limited and all over the place which might work for me on most nights when I can't decide what to eat, but on this night in particular I was starving and exhausted and a cohesive meal could not be found on this menu. Also, I realize this is Vegas but I ate alone, drank one glass of wine and spent $87!! Dessert was the highlight it's their chocolate bar, mmmm, I'd eat six of those!
1	I'm giving this place one star and that's being nice!! I've been coming to Cesar's for so many years and this is the worst!!! I can't believe that Cesar's is allowing this place in their hotel.  It's expensive and terrible!!! There were four of us and we all agreed.  I'm writing this sitting at the Bellagio coffee shop. We are eating breakfast here because we won't go back to Central! The breakfast at Bellagio is better and cheaper. Cesar's please help and get rid of this terrible place.
1	We have been going to Caesar's for years. The old coffee shop was decent but Central is awful. The chefs should go to cooking school.
5	My friends and I ate here on our last night before heading over to The Venetian for some last minute gambling. Hands down the best service we had our entire time in Vegas. Our waitress was prompt and friendly but what really made the experience was the busser that continuously checked up on us, refilled our waters, and actually engaged us in small talk. We had nothing but bad experiences with restaurants in Vegas and it was nice to end on a good note.The food is reasonably priced for the portion size especially when compared to the other restaurants in the area. Plus they're open 24hrs.
5	While the bar was a convenient place to stop for a drink going to or from the tables, I especially enjoyed breakfast here.  The daytime bartender, Chelsei, was awesome in recommending drinks or food items.  She recommended the Braised Rib Eggs Benedict for breakfast and it was incredible.  It was a little pricey at $24 ($26 if you arent a total rewards member), but it was Vegas so I didnt mind splurging a little bit.  Over my 4 days in Vegas last week, I probably stopped at Central 8 or 9 times and enjoyed every stop.
4	Love that they are open 24-7. Good food available 24-7...AWESOME! We've had dinner and after clubbing meals here numerous time. We have enjoyed everything we have ordered. Will have to go back so I can right a more detailed review, but we would recommend this place any time of day.
4	I ate breakfast here. The Creme brulet French toast was great. The price was outrageous, but I guess that's almost a given on the strip. Service was good at the bar. I'll be back next time my employer is paying. ;)
3	The food was good and service was good.  I had the 8 oz rib eye. It is served with absolutely nothing not even veggies. My whole life I have never seen a restaurant serve the steak alone. My wife had the potato nachos with filet mignon  and that was good too. Except for the glass wine chillers, the rest of the place looks like a fancy Denny's. I thought it was decent experience.
1	Not at all what I had expected. Waiter was not attentive-he actually barely spoke. The menu was very limited. I had the "famous" fried chicken-it was awful. I didn't eat it. My friend has pasta with meatballs and that was good. But that is really hard to screw up. Not a place I would recommend. Plus, with all the options out there try some place else.
4	We just stopped here for drinks and to people watch during the day. With a prime location, the drinks aren't cheap ($15) but the people watching from the bar is perfect and the staff was great. The bartenders were always checking on us to make sure we didnt need anything, but we're intrusive. This was one of our favorite places to grab a drink after trying out a LOT during our week in town.
5	Great service Very good lobby bar food French onion  excellent Once again great service by Christine and Garrett
5	Excellent service at the lobby bar by Christine and Derrick, very fresh salads, fine French onion soup!
2	Came here for a late breakfast a had a disappointing experience. Service was slow (servers standing around talking to each other) and the food was mediocre. I had a western omelet which was actually pretty decent, but then I ordered a side of sausage which was not only nasty, at $9 for 3 sausages it was also a serious a case of highway robbery. Not going back here....
5	I heard great things about the Executive Chef Todd Harrington so my wife and I decided to go check it out. We went during lunch, the restaurant was very open and the ambiance was great. My wife started with the Deviled Eggs and I started with the Tuna Carpaccio. Both presentation were beautiful. My wife had an Angus burger with fries. I had their fried chicken. The chicken was very juice but still had a crispy breading. Everything was very well seasoned and the food came out hot. For desert we split the Cheesecake, Chocolate Bar, and their Pumpkin Walnut ice cream. Everything was outstanding and I highly recommend anyone to go there.
1	Food here is good. Not great. Not  bad.But...................it is 11:17 AM and they are not serving LUNCH yet?? Are you kidding? WHAT A JOKE.
4	We love this place! It opens 24 hours and serves great food! We ordered food there for late night grubs and dined there during the rush hours when everywhere else is packed!The ambience is casual. You can sit at regular table or at the bar... The menus is simple as well as their food but don't be fooled by its simplicity! Everything is quality! We had chickens wings, Chinese chicken salad, spaghetti with meat balls, sea bass served with arugula salad, cheese cakes... My favorite is sea bass which is pan fried and perfectly cooked! We definitely will recommend this place to our friends and family! It is not a place to bring your date though...
3	Just average and if you have time, don't waste it here. Service was slow and food was average at best. We were late risers from all the over night and early morning shenanigans that we missed the full breakfast menu (plus the real restaurant we wanted to dine at had a 1+ hour wait!). First of all, it took over 10 minutes for the waiter to greet us after we got seated and then took another 5 to even get water in our glasses. The omelet I ordered was fine, but the potatoes was the stand out winner (thus the 3 star review). Portions were large. Save your money and try the other great restaurants in Sin City!
3	Quick look: Great location, have potential but still seem to be struggling to find their identity. Hit and a miss with items on the menu and the service. Some menu items are sub-par and some are simply amazing. In depth review: Have eaten here several times and have had mixed feelings. My first occasion was sub-par from beginning to end, the second occasion was spectacular all the way around, the third occasion was 50/50. This review was based on the most recent visit and what we will call the "mixed bag." Was a busy Saturday at 7:30pm and all the restaurants at Ceasars were completely sat and operating off a table waiting list. We decided to try Central Michael Richard as the restaurant was half sat and we could sit right away. Not sure if that was a sign or not? Our server was attentive and very polite. Made some suggestions on the menu and took our drink order. So we ordered a beer, a mixed drink and fried calamari as our appetizer. Server came to the table several times to let us know that the drinks were n the way and apologized for the hold-up. Our fried calamari appetizer arrived and still no drinks yet? We start eating and soon after the beverages arrive. So issues with timing as drinks should never arrive after the food. Server did apologize again and blamed the bar. The fried calamari appetizer is served in the steel basket they use in the deep fryer and its placed on a plate. Unfortunately this was not up to par. The calamari was extremely soggy and all the breading feel off as you tried to dip it in the sauce and eat it. Were left with a wet, chewy piece of squid, a basket full of the breading and a plate full of grease. Was pretty bad.We order two entrees - 1) the signature meatloaf and 2) the short ribs. Thought the short ribs were a little over priced at $42 for the entree. Both arrived and had really good presentation and taste. The meat loaf is wonderful and highly suggested. They melt swiss cheese in the meat and it adds some great flavor. The short rib was one of the best I have had in the city. Entrees made up for the poor appetizer. Both were big portions and very filling - good job!Two other minor things that turned me off - these can easily be fixed by management: 1) plastic cup they serve the butter in with the fresh bread - and 2) the plastic menu covers or menu sleeves are low budget and look like what you see in a cheap diner. Get rid of them. Not a good look for what you are trying to charge - unless you want to be a diner? I feel once they make some minor edits, tweaks and adjustments that they can be a restaurant a big player. I will give them another shot if I am in the casino or have the urge to eat meatloaf, but I do not see myself going out of the way to make a visit.
2	All I can say about this place is: meh. Not bad. Not good. Overpriced for what seems to be heated up diner food. I was starving so it was convenient but that's probably the best thing about this place. Convenience. In the lobby and open all the time.
3	This place is a mix between hotel bar and restaurant being closer to the former.On the bar if you sit on the side facing the lobby you get your expensive drink in a cheesy plastic cup if you happen to be on the inside location of the same bar you are privileged to a glass. It's these kind of things which make fun resort towns like Las Vegas a point for insurance companies and attorneys to fight over. Fun place, but given you are in sin city there are better choices.
3	My mom and I are from Canada so we forgot how generous the portions are!Food wasn't mind-blowingly amazing but it was convenient, decent food that was available 24/7.The Crab Cake and Beet Salad had my mom hooked whereas the side of Macaroni and Cheese was my drug. Adding bacon made the addiction much worse. The next day to change it up, and because I was starting to miss home, I had the two eggs sunny side up with bacon, of course, sourdough bread and potatoes. You can't really go wrong with that so it was what it was. We finished everything on our plates so that says something, no?In Vegas for 4 days, we went to Central for 3 meals. It was decent but there are definitely other places to go if you're looking for something good or a little more special.
4	The review is 3 stars for the food, but I am bumping them up a star because of great service.  I arrived at Central a couple of minutes before 11.  The only reason I came was to try the fried chicken.  Well, I was told by my server that lunch service doesn't start until 11:30.  Not wanting to sit for 30 minutes before I could even order, I asked her if there was something that could be done.  So, she asked the chef and they accommodated me, starting to prepare the chicken immediately.  I was very appreciative of this gesture, thus the extra star.The chicken itself had excellent crust, but lacked salt.  It was crunchy and went well with the buttery potato puree it sat upon.  You get a white piece and a dark piece, which I liked.  Most places that serve fried chicken in this setting (a nice casino) only give you white meat.  I prefer the dark, it's juicier and more flavorful, and this chicken was no different.  The sauce is a thin mayo based sauce.  It was good, but I won't be replacing cream gravy anytime soon.  The chicken is served with greens with a dressing that was too acidic for me, so I only had a couple of bites.  The chicken is $26, which is expected given the location of Central.  Would I get this dish again?  Probably not.  But, I would dine at Central again, the rest of the menu looked good and it has what appeared to be a great bar.  So, I'd give it another shot.
3	Service was good.  Breakfast was very large, but not worth $20; however, in Vegas there aren't many meals for less than that.  Ok.
5	This place is such a life saver. We ate an afternoon snack, midnight snack and breakfast here. The macaroni and cheese is so good here. Ahi tuna sandwich was excellent, and the chili cheese fries and strawberry sorbet were so good in the middle of the night. For breakfast we had the French toast and the All American Breakfast with scrambled eggs, potatoes and bacon. So good. Excellent service. Bar is open 24 hours for food and drink service, everything is available to go. Located right in the lobby of Caesars Palace.
3	Upon booking our reservation, my mom was not aware that Central was A) named Central (she called it the Michel Richard) and B) not a fine dining restaurant. However, the rest of our family was not hurt by this as we sat down to our 7 PM dinner as we had just arrived in Vegas after a 6 hour drive from Los Angeles and we were ready to eat absolutely anything.Central was much cleaner than the rest of the environment - it's situated right next to the casino, though thankfully the smokiness of the casino did not penetrate the restaurant itself. The wine rooms within the restaurant were interesting to look at, and the bar itself had a simple chic vibe going for it.Our server, Brittany, was very sweet and helpful considering she had to work on Christmas. She politely informed us that many of the dishes were out for the evening, including the side of macaroni that a couple of reviews have mentioned. My brothers ordered burgers, my father the meatloaf, and I the Chilean sea bass. The burgers were about as average as burgers go, and the sea bass was a little too sweet due to the soy glaze, but the meatloaf was fantastic! My father's one qualm was that the plate lacked a variety in texture, and that "some asparagus wouldn't hurt."Overall, not the best meal one could find in Vegas, but the service more than made up for it.
4	We wanted to eat at the Caesars Palace Buffet on Sunday morning, but the line was 2.5 hours long. I guess the secret's out that the Bacchanal Buffet is the the best one in Vegas. Hopefully a few places will rip off the Caesars formula and take some of the audience from the place so that the line isn't twice as long as a flight to Sin City next time. Starved, tired, slightly hungover, and a bit grumpy, we searched for a more immediate place to eat once we realized the Bacchanal was not in the cards. A friend who lives in Las Vegas recommended Central, which turned out to be a pretty darn good upscale casual food restaurant from a famous chef slumming it a bit. We started with an order of the "potato nachos..." don't bother. They're just potato chips with melted cheese whiz on them. Meh.But the main courses were delicious. My lady-friend got the burger, which had a bit of crunch and high quality meat and cheese that was perfectly balanced. I ordered the fried chicken, which was served atop a creamy potato gratin. Delicious. We sat at the bar and the servers were super chill and nice. Good beer selection and my lady was blown away by her mimosa.Overall, pretty good if a bit expensive. I was just sad to miss the Bacchanal Buffet but Central was a decent alternative in the lobby of Caears without a long wait.
4	Dined here on a Saturday night for a friend's birthday.  There were a few tables dining also, but it wasn't super busy.  We were on a time crunch as part of the group was going to a show at 9:30pm, but dinner turned out well.  I had a very light dinner, which was the goat cheese Caesar salad.  It was very good!  Though it was structured like a wedge salad (which I am not a big fan of), the taste was incredible.  The goat cheese was a bit tart, but was also very smooth and creamy.  The flavor meshed well with the rest of the salad, and was a healthy portion, as I shared it with my bf.  (We had a very heavy lunch.)  Good location, but can be confusing, as some people refer to it as "Central at Caesar's", while some call it "Michel Richard".  Seems to be open all day, and is conveniently located right across from Caesar Palace's hotel registration.  (It's the only eatery in the area, so getting lost is almost impossible.)
5	Once again Central Michel Richard did not disappoint!This time I began dinner with very good crusty French Bread and creamy and rich Deviled Eggs (4 halves to an order) topped by anchovies, followed by very good light Onion Soup with tasty chicken broth, lots of onions, a well-deconstructed crouton, and gooey Gruyere Cheese.  A Dinner Salad with mixed greens, Red Leaf Lettuce, diced peaches and Red and White Onions, and a tasty House Vinaigrette Dressing was also well prepared and very well received.  For mains, thinly pounded Chicken Schnitzel shaped into a large disc form was truly excellent, accompanied by very good lightly deep-fried French Fries; and Diane's Rotisserie Chicken was wonderfully moist dipped in light gravy, along with very tender and buttery Fingerling Potatoes.  Service was very pleasant, efficient, and accommodating.  I received French Fries in lieu of an included salad, and we were spared a long walk to the players club booth to receive reduced Total Rewards prices.  The ambiance here is casual and rather starkly modern, but comfortable.  Only a small Calamari ring resting on the floor beneath our table seemed utterly out of place.
2	Probably some of the worst food I've ever paid for.  I don't think they cook anything fresh. Had a turkey sandwich day 1 it was awful with horrid American cheese for "cheddar". I'm sure that robots could prepare better food than the precooked/frozen/ slop that is served. Absolutely nothing is fresh except the garnish.Not worth the price.2 stars for ambiance and service...
2	I headed into Caesars, turning left into the lobby, where we grabbed a drink while waiting for some clients. The bar proved to be the facade for Central Michael Richard, where we were immediately told that they only carry two types of vodka (as opposed to Grey Goose, which we ordered) even though the shelves above the bar were laden with varieties. . .including Grey Goose. Figuring the bottles were solely accoutrements, we went about our business when our clients, famished, suggested we grab a bite at Central itself. It appeared to be a pseudo-upscale coffee shop, but was also empty. That, especially after the liquor snafu, should have been an indication of the without-a-soul nature of this restaurant, but we proceeded. Upon receiving the menu, I laughed audibly - French Onion soup is $19 ($18 with Caesars Total Rewards membership) and a house salad was $16 (again, a dollar off! with Rewards). My issue isn't so much with the prices; this is 'new' Vegas, and Michael Richard is a formidable chef so that's acceptable; what makes it so laughable is that a restaurant that's clearly a coffee shop - the menus are the laminated plastic like Denny's! - would charge this much for basic items. . .yet still offer a negligible discount. Very corny, very amateur.Regardless, we ordered standard fare - burger, fries, chili cheese fries, the aforementioned salad, chicken tenders - and left with a $150 bill for six people, which included only the one drink. The food was average, but again - the inherent confusion in what they really want this restaurant to be was evident. They bring out the fries in a cute, mini grocery cart (eg Father's Office in L.A.), but accompany it with ketchup in a plastic cup. I mean, there were no porcelain ramekins? Nothing to match the cuteness of the cart? What a turnoff. The funniest part of the meal, though, was when they brought out the candles - it's funny that they have candles in a bright, mid-lobby venue that's clearly a coffee shop but. . .the candles were the electronic tea lights. You know, the ones that simulate flickering. How cheap/crappy can you get? And that's where those prices come in. Honestly, we were laughing over and over amongst ourselves, not least of all after finishing the tiny burger and chili cheese fries, both of which were 'small plate' portion sized.I'm sorry, Caesars, you were my favorite hotel growing up and the new towers are passable in the modern era, but please eradicate this restaurant - or at least overhaul the place and do justice to Chef Richard - because it's a serious pockmark on what is a rapidly decaying property.
2	Though my first experience here was awesome, I can't say much for the second.  Gregg M and I had just gotten in to town with our family and we wanted a small bite to eat.  Since we had eaten here before and had a great experience we thought our family would enjoy it.  Unfortunately that wasn't the case.  We were seated promptly, but after that service went downhill.  None of us were looking for hearty meals and when asking the waiter how big the meals were he could not tell us.  The waiter took our food orders, but not once asked us for drinks.  Gregg M and I were thinking about a welcome to Vegas cocktail, however the waiter didn't bring us a cocktail menu when I asked for one. When I finally got their cocktail menu, he told me that none of the cocktails were available on the menu (they had run out of the ingredients).  After all this, the waiter still didn't ask anyone else at the table if they wanted something else to drink.   That being said - the food itself was still good.  I had the Chinese Chicken salad.  It was perfectly sized for me and good.  I also had a bite of my Aunt's pancakes (if they tell you short stack don't think this is a small amount of food - it wasn't).  The Pancakes were fluffy and not a disappointment for her (or for any of us who tried them around the table).  I'll let Gregg M write about his own salad, but of the two on the menu, mine was definitely the better.   If it had not been for the service, this would have been a much better experience for the entire family.  I'm sorry to see this happen in such an otherwise wonderful establishment.
2	We got into town at lunchtime.  Our room at Caesars wasn't ready so we decided to wait it out by having a light lunch at Central Michel Richard.  Carol W and I were well versed in Michel Richard's cuisine having dined at his Citronelle and Central in Washington D.C. and had previously dined for breakfast at Central Michel Richard and had walked away pleased.  This time...not so much. We were joined by our respective families and seated promptly at a large round table in the sunny, airy dining room just off the Caesars' main lobby.  From this point on, our experience spiraled into the ground almost solely due to a series of missteps by our server.   Carol W recounted our difficulty in getting any drinks beyond water in her review.  Let me add that we got up from the table, went to the bar, and asked the bartender if she could make any cocktails regardless if they were on the list or not.  She could.  So, service strike #1.  I can say with 100% certainty that our server lost beer and alcohol sales to our party.  Since we had early evening dinner reservations for later that day, several people in our party asked how big portions were for several items on the menu.  Our server didn't impress us with his knowledge or familiarity with the menu as his estimates on portion size were dramatically off.  Service strike #2.  I had the plain Goat Cheese Caesar ($18 for Total Rewards members/$19/add chicken $6, filet mignon $13).  It was a nice looking salad, not over-dressed or overly salty, and possessing good flavor.  However, IT WAS A SALAD without a protein on it and $18 was exorbitant for what I received.  While there wasn't a third service strike, the overall experience was hugely disappointing and not one to inspire me to return.
1	We want for lunch this afternoon with a party of eight a few people ordered soup and when the soup came no spoon.  It took ten minutes to get a spoon they are understaffed.  We order angus burgers, fired chicken, steak and eggs, meatloaf, soup, and chicken wings.  The only good thing from all that food was the wings.  They should hire more people with more training  and change the menu and chef. I am a Seven Star Member and have been to a lot of restaurant in Vegas and the food and service here is bad.
3	Vegas is a hard town. Bad attitudes, horrendous traffic, questionable natural beauty, the possibility that you'll lose catastrophically while gaming, and--of course--Carrot Top. However, the food is surprisingly good (and expensive), having evolved well beyond the famed 99-cent buffets of the seventies.Speaking of buffets, we were in Caesar's Palace recently and made the mistake of thinking we could stroll into the Bacchanal Buffet. The wait time left us shell-shocked, and off we went in search of someplace else. In stumbling across this joint, my first thought was that I didn't know Kramer was a restaurateur.Predictably, the food was decent. We had a beet salad, steak tartare, fried chicken, a cheeseburger and creme brulee. The chicken was very good, the mashed potatoes solid, and the other dishes respectable. The service was flat. We asked four times for bread, and the bacon we ordered on the cheeseburger was conspicuously absent when the burger arrived. It seemed our server and her assistant were both on Valium - not what you want in a restaurant.
2	Service sucks.  No point of being a 7 star here cuz u still have to wait in line and food takes longer to come out then trying to get into pure on a busy sat night.   The ppl here r rude.
2	Had my spa day in Vegas and got hungry so I took a little break after my massage and went to have some lunch. I wanted to go back to the spa after some I did not want to venture off too far so I ended up here. Review time: When I arrived I was greeted and seated right away so that was good. My server, however, had a really shitty attitude. Often times when I go out to places I order an appetizer as my meal because for me personally that is more than enough food or maybe I am not as hungry whatever the case may be but that is no excuse to look treat me different than you would treat anyone else. I am still a customer even if I order a drink only.  I ordered the calamari which is an appetizer there and when I ordered it the server just stared at me as if she was waiting for me to finish my order. I told her that was all I wanted and she got really snippy and said "that's it?" I thought it was rude. She probably assumed that I was cheap or something. You had to be there and see her expressions but that was the conclusion I came to based on her attitude. After that she barely came to check on me or anything. It made me feel like because I ordered that only that I was no longer worth waiting on. My suspicions were further confirmed when I saw how she treated the table next to me. She was polite and kind and have them the time of day. They all ordered entrees by the way. Money is not an issue for me and I typically tip very well when I am treated well even if I order a small thing so she missed out. just simply was not super hungry and did not want a huge meal.  I had to flag her down to order some dessert and  ironically when I ordered the dessert her entire attitude toward me changed. It was like I was spending more money and then I became worth waiting on but by then it was too little too late for me. The food was ok. The calamari was nothing to write home about. Calamari is one of my fav foods and I order it often when I go places and I have definitely had better. The creme brulee that I had for dessert though was the best I have ever had. It was so good and the berries on it were so fresh. I really enjoyed that. It was the highlight of this visit. I would return but for dessert only. If it wasn't for that I would not even bother.
2	I don't know why you would pick this place over Denny's on the strip. How do you mess up eggs, home fries, bacon and toast? My latte came 15 minutes after the rest of our table was served their drinks. For a $6 latte, they should at least serve it warm. The American breakfast was cold, it took at least 35 minutes to get the food and our waiter never even came back for refills on the $4 sodas. I asked for rye bread and wheat bread arrived. When I asked if this was rye bread, the waiter simply shrugged. I asked for more home fries (which for sure were pre-frozen) for my friend as she was given a few only like they had fallen onto her plate and they just laughed and never came back. Oh by the way, this is a $19 breakfast.I am only giving 2 stars because the manager came 20 minutes later and took care of things and apologized. They were not even that busy and we waited forever. He really should just fire his wait staff and start from scratch.
3	3.5 StarsThe food was better than okay and had me wanting to come back to explore their menu.  The corn beef hash took a minute but was definitely worth the wait.  Will definitely be back the next time we're in Vegas.
1	We stay at Caesar's every time we are in Vegas and have eaten here many times. The food and service are just ok.  It is obvious that management does not care about the customers.  The host staff acts as though it is an inconvenience to seat you and spends a lot of time at the host station putting on make-up and checking their phones.  On our LAST visit yesterday morning, the host staff seated us right next to a table of loud drunk boys even though the restaurant was practically empty and we asked to be seated somewhere else.  We tried to tolerate it, but they kept getting louder and using profanity.  The server tried to ask them to keep it down but that only made them louder.  There was not a manager to be seen.  My husband went to the host stand and asked for the manager to be sent to the table.  The manager, Raymond came out from the back and spoke with the hostesses for 5-10 minutes looking at our table and NEVER came over to the table.  As we were getting ready to leave I asked our server for the manager on duty's name and shortly after that Raymond came to the table to ask if everything was ok.  I told him it was not ok a half hour ago and he said he was unaware of any problems.  So I said really, then why were you talking to the hostesses and looking over here?  He said he didn't want to interrupt our meal.  Seriously?  You think ignoring a problem and then lying about it is CUSTOMER SERVICE?  Caesars is a nice hotel with great customer service.  They really need to rethink having this restaurant as a part of their offerings.
5	I live in DC, where the flagship Central is.  Anyone that knows anything about Michel Richard knows that he was infatuated by buckets of fried chicken when he came to America.  He therefore set off on making his own dish of fried chicken, and knocked it out of the park.  I've had it in DC a few times, heck, I've had people bring it to me from time to time.  So I'm staying at Caesar's Palace and they have a Central there.  I wasn't planning on going there but a friend suggested we do so to save time as we were on the clock for a show later that evening.  All three of us ordered the fried chicken, with the garlic mash puree, and devoured it.  It was just as good as it was in DC, the chicken was cooked perfectly and the garlic mash was a great accompaniment.  Let's be honest here, we did a lot of boozing before and afterwards this meal, and we needed  to fill up to keep our Vegas dreams alive.  Let's just say the plan worked.
1	If I could give a place negative stars it would be this one! It is very obviously mismanaged. Hostesses are much more concerned about appearance & checking their cell phones than customer service. On our last visit for breakfast a few days ago, we were seated right next to a group of drunken young men in a virtually empty restaurant. There was no line to get in the restaurant. They maybe sat two other tables the whole time we were there. Guess that should have been a sign. When we asked to move, we were told that they have to seat in a certain rotation & no other tables were available. We ask to speak to the manager. He never shows up. We see him speaking to the hostesses looking right at us but he does not come over to rectify the situation. Finally when he does come over, he lies about not knowing about the situation & proceeds to act very unbusinesslike. I finally ended up asking him to leave several times because he was only making the situation worse. The one who clearly had a good handle on their job responsibilities was the waiter. Clearly will not be returning!
2	I ordered the sea scallops. The portion was too small and the scallops were slightly undercooked. The vegetable accompaniment was sparse!
3	The great thing about this place is that it is one of the few places in Ceasars that is open 24/7. And its location is unbeatable - right at the lobby so you won't ever miss it by getting lost in the maze that is Ceasars Palace. I like the ambiance of the place a lot. It is clean, modern without feeling too minimalism. Grabbing breakfast here is perfect on a sunny day! Request a table by the window and you can get a good start of the day when the sunlight fills the place. Food wise it is just ok. Nothing really stands out. Its solidly done but nothing too innovative/surprising. The juice though is great - freshly squeezed OJ is the way to go. The place do get a bit busy for breakfast so there is usually a line by 10am. I haven't had a chance to try dinner here but will do next time - maybe it will be more interesting.
2	Okay how do I start, first impression notv great we were a party of 5 and we had to wait even with open tables. Wow. Okay now lets talk service not good at all I'm not sure if the busser or waiter assistant ws new but to get something brought to the table evry 5 min and to ask over and over when is it coming what would you do?  I just saying. The manger was well a bit uninviting but he did say well take care of you right away. The eating and experience was a bit disappointed. ..may come back as a a last resort.
2	If this place were anywhere else but the lobby of one of the busiest hotels on Planet Earth, it would have shuttered long ago.  Nothing special about its ambiance, food, or flavor.  For the prices, you can do so much better.  Id rather eat at Cheesecake Factory than here even if you're buying. Its convenient. Leave it at that.
1	We ate lunch there on 4/7  The place has no ambiance. It does have slow service,  and high prices, The food  was bland and tasteless. and small portions. Over all it is  Yuk. 7 of us all had different dishes and none of us were  impressed.
1	pros:-convenient-nice atmosphere, especially if you sit by the window in the morning :)cons:-pricey just for plate of eggs, sausage, potatos, but everything is pricey out there-took 20-30 min for someone to greet us. we sat near the hostess stand and stared the hostess and manager on duty intermittently to see if they would acknowledge us, no luck there. -when a server walked by my bf quickly asked if we had a server, she quickly said, "yeah" and brisked off. my bf was livid and i kept telling him we should leaveEDITReduced to one star because I've been back twice now since my last post and... Horrible service!!!!!-5 minutes later a saul, a server came by and finely took care of us very well after we told him what took place. he confessed that he wasn't even assigned to the section but didn't like seeing people sit for a while without getting greeted. he ended up taking care of us. we made sure he was well taken care of and hes the only reason why i placed the 2nd star
3	I came here for breakfast the other morning and right off the bat the hostess  had an attitude. She didn't even get off her stool to tell me it would be 10 minutes wait. She then went back to talking to her other hostess girls. If these restaurants want people to come back they need to hire decent hostess's that will make you feel glad you came not these high school girls that just want to chat about the hot guy she saw earlier. Anyway....enough about that now to the food. It's pretty hard to screw up breakfast and they didn't. I ordered 2 eggs over medium, potatoes,  sausage and white toast. Sausage was spicier than I would expect a breakfast sausage to be, so be warned. Food had no salt or pepper on it so potatoes were plain but had nice creamy center and I just added my own salt. My waiters were nice.
3	The service here is hit or miss. There's this one old guy who really doesn't give a shit about anything. We came here once and he got the burgers all mixed up. So instead of remaking them (one didn't have cheese, the other onions), we got the same burgers back barely 5 minutes later but with the toppings removed. Thankfully no one was allergic or anything, since that would've been a dumb mistake.Minus the that waiter, the food here can be pretty decent. It's really convenient since it's 24 hours, but there are better places if you're willing to leave Caesar's.
3	Came here for brunch and can honestly say it was pretty darn tasty. Good food. Good service overall. I will say that it took quite some time to get our food however. We waited....and waited. Getting breakfast somehow turned into an hour and a half excursion. We ordered extra toast thinking it would arrive earlier than our meals but it didn't. Perhaps that was just our bad if we didn't communicate properly. We were starved!Had to ask for butter for toast and jam as it all came out in a basket with nothing to top it with. Also had to flag someone down to get coffee refilled as it sat empty for around 15 minutes. My ham and cheese omelet with roasted potatoes was great. Very flavorful and cooked perfectly. Was slightly surprised they did not have tobasco but rather they offered me sriracha. Which is also totally A-OK with me. Yum!Prices here are a touch spendy..but of course, it's Vegas. Weren't a TON of brunch/breakfast options but menu was decent enough and meal was nice. Just wouldn't come here unless you are prepared to wait a while for your food to come out. Service overall seemed a bit hit or miss.
3	Came here for breakfast - all I can say is it was incredibly "meh."  The only reason I'll give them 3 stars was the service. Our server was delightful and attentive. Husband and I ordered eggs Benedict. He had the Canadian and I had the short rib. Hollandaise was bland and felt like it could have been a mix, short ribs literally tasted like nothing. Came with horrible fried breakfast potatoes, have had better in dive diners than these. Asked to replace them with fruit but that's not an option, only option to replace with tomatoes for an extra $6. Seriously?  Michel Richard should be ashamed.
2	Giving 2 stars since my salad was delicious and my server was super kind! The server was very nice and was working hard to keep all her tables happy since she was the only server for the restaurant at 2am! (Also the reason I didn't complain cuz I know she was stressed)Basically Central is an overpriced Peppermill or Denny's. The water they served was at room temperature and tasted horrible. I ordered $14 chips and guacamole which was really gross! The tiny guacamole bowl had avocados that weren't ripe yet and the chips were something out of a Tostitos commercial. For $14 I would expect at least a bigger dip bowl, good guacamole and some chips with flair! (Maybe even the lime or scoops kind??) At least the chips at Roberto's or Taco Bell are warm and crispy! Just sayin..My Asian chicken salad was tiny for $16 but after eating unripe avocados and stale chips this at least hit the spot.. The chicken was flavorful with good peanut, greens and dressing ratio. Don't waste your money! Eat at Cheesecake Factory or Taco Bell.. At least they will give you clean tasting ice water too!
1	I was so disappointed with this "restaurant" and Caesar's for having it! They must really capitalize on the fact that they're open 24hours and when its late -you just want anything in your stomach. I paid $55 for "TGIF frozen" BBQ chicken wings and fries for my wife. Our waitress was nice (can't talk bad about that) but service was slow and again, the food was so bad that even a couple sitting next to us were like "don't order the nachos!" -they tasted cheaper than a park's snack shack nachos. How anyone would go other than past midnight is beyond me. Save your money and go outside to anything that'll probably taste the same but much cheaper.
3	Say the name Michele Richard and be prepared to cough up some cash. That name atop this new lobbyside restaurant at Caesars Palace means that you'll contribute to significant per-dish profit for things like a simple salad or a single breast of skinless boneless fried chicken with a smattering of mashed potatoes.The food is high quality and tasty through and through, but when you're sitting in an upgraded 24-hour coffee shop environment, gazing out at a dated fluorescent lit hotel lobby, it's weird to pay $24 for a chicken breast or $15 for a cocktail.In a very competitive Las Vegas dining scene, it's difficult to fathom how anyone thought that this space and these prices were going to find success (it was practically empty when we dined). Again, the food is good - they just need to better separate the dining room from the parking garage glow of the lobby and consider lowering the prices or increasing the portions.
5	We went here recently for a birthday breakfast celebration.  We were seated right away and the server was attentive throughout our meal, constantly refilling our water and asking if we needed anything.  We had mimosas to start.  They were probably the weak link of the entire meal - nothing special.  But, the breakfast foods were wonderful.  Beautifully done, great taste, presented in a very appealing way on the plate.  Although I was full, I kept eating because I couldn't stand to waste the amazing food.  Everyone was commenting throughout the day about how much they enjoyed the breakfast.  The location, although right off the hotel lobby, actually feels rather separate unless you sit at the bar to eat (which we didn't).  Overall, we'd highly recommend Central for breakfast.  We'll have to go back again to see if lunch or dinner are just as good.
2	After a long walk on the strip, i was hungry and wanted to dine anywhere. Service was fast. Food was okay. I got the fried chicken. came with salad and fries. the fries came with an mini fryer basket as presentation. pretty plain. the chicken was typical bread and fried. plain also. i took about 3 bites and gave up. it didn't help considering it was a chicken breast. needed way more flavor. The gf got the asian salad and she by far said it was the best salad she ever got. even the next day she wanted another salad from there. anyways try elsewhere.  bill came out to 49. just for salad and my chicken entree.
4	Stopped in for breakfast, excellent service and food quality. Vegas prices.
5	It was after 11:00 p.m. for this dinner.  So we had to order from the more limited late night menu.  But it still has some fine choices.This time I opened with an appetizer of Mac 'n Cheese that was okay, and a French Onion Soup with miso stock that was very tasty.  But after savoring the soup, I moved from hot and cheesy to cool and crunchy, with a big Chinese Chicken Salad that contained fried wontons, lovely strips of moist, pure white chicken meat, carrots, cabbage, and candied peanuts.  The entree salad was light and refreshing.  In fact, so much so that I ordered a second after consuming the first.  Meanwhile, Diane ate Pasta Carbonara with cheerfully provided extra Parmesan Sauce.  But she did not like the dish very much. I am retaining the five-star rating, because I did not sample the Pasta Carbonara; everything I ate was delicious; and service was again exemplary and accommodating.  The price for a late night meal was somewhat steep, but I largely brought this on myself by not eating enough for lunch and then ordering a really unnecessary second salad.
3	Not a long wait for 10 girls to be sat, which was nice. Had a tuna melt but changed to cheddar instead of Swiss. It was delicious! My friend said the Croque Madam was amazing. A couple girls had the turkey club and could not stop raving. The Bloody Mary was weird with bits of things that I was not a big fan of. One friend got fried chicken and it was not cooked through. It took a while to get a replacement and it was still pink. Prices are high, but not uncommon for Vegas.
5	What a great Bar! So much fun to sit at and the Strawberry Basil Mohito is to die for!
4	Expensive breakfast, but heavenly. I had the salmon eggs benedict, my friend the crab and arugula omelet, and we shared an order of the creme brulee french toast. The salmon eggs benedict was three small muffin halves piled high with good-quality fish, thick sauce and perfectly-poached eggs. My friend's egg-white omelet was large and came with a side of tomatoes, but the crab was a little strong. Might have been the last of the batch? But the french toast was to die for. Two of the thickest slices of bread with a not-too-sweet egg custard layer sandwiched between, with the crispy sugar layer on the top slice of toast. Served with real whipped cream, and berries on the side. The kitchen was a little slow but the food - and service - amazing.
3	I ordered the mushroom and Gruyere cheese omelette.  it was very filling and not too cheesy - just the right amount so it wasn't overpowering.  I asked for veggies instead of the potatoes and the only thing they would give me were sliced raw tomatoes.  if I wanted anything else (I asked for broccoli) i was going to have to pay for a full side order.  so I stuck with the tomato which was disappointing.  it also came with 2 pieces of toast and one small jar of jelly.  I hate that.  And I didn't even get to choose what kind of jelly.  they just had a jar of grape on the plate when they dropped it off.  But the omelette hit the spot and started my day off right.The place was really busy so the service was okay but it took way too long to get the bill.  I was by myself and the hostess offered a magazine which I thought was a really nice touch.
2	Overpriced, service is bad starting with the snotty hostesses at the front. Food was decent but overpriced even by Vegas standards.
2	Ate here for breakfast while staying at Caesars. Had a cappuccino and the lox Benedict. The $6 cappuccino was okay - could have been stronger. The Benedict was basically okay. One egg was overcooked (solid yolk when cut) but the real disappointment was that the dish was COLD.  I was there at 7:30 and they were not crowded at all.  No excuse for a sub-standard meal. Especially at $30.
2	Slow service. Buffalo wings were blah.  Long wait times even though it wasn't busy. Chicken tenders were really good.  Server wasn't very friendly
3	I had breakfast this morning at Central Michel Richard, which is in Caesar's Palace.I ordered the American Breakfast with "Canadian bacon" (it's ham where I come from) along with a glass of milk.It was okay ... it could have been hotter.  Plus the ham had a weird chewy rubbery texture.  But it was filling.
2	it's ok... we went late at night after all the other options close by were closed, I liked that it's open 24hrs, but it doesn't make a difference when you have to wait for a seat in am empty restaurant, then wait 15-20 minutes for a server to come by with water and silverware. It took over an 1hr and a half from when we were seated for 2 people. I wouldn't go back unless i was starving and staying at caesars.
5	Excellent restaurant located right off main lobby of Caesars.  More casual relaxed atmosphere but still very tastefully designed and decorated restaurant. Food and service was outstanding.  Three of us diner for dinner.  Appetizers were deviled eggs spinach dip and Mac and cheese. All were awesome tasty and nicely presented.  The meatloaf , spaghetti and meatballs and filtet mignon were superb We shared a huge banana split with their homemade Ice cream and cheesecake for desert. Both were bog portions and delicious We met manager Raymond and our server was Jody. Both were gracious and welcoming and service was spot on!  I highly recommend Central.  It is an unpretentious dining experience with a twist on Americas comfort foods.  Open 24 hrs too
1	I have eaten here three times in the last 3 years and each time swear it will be my last. As a Caesars 7* player we are supposed to get seated immediately, but Centrals hostesses don't allow this, and aren't nice about it. We ate here on this trip because Caesars terrific food court is being remodeled and there was no place else to eat a late breakfast. Unlike when they first opened, the place never seems to even be half full anymore. There were 3 hostesses on duty with little to do but talk to each other. Our waiter was matter of fact, not very friendly, and could never find him when we needed a drink refill or anything else. I ordered the chopped salad. Very small portion, yet very expensive. Bland and tasteless. Disappointing. They also don't serve any bread with salad or any other entree I saw. I had French fries, which were good but not worth $12. They give you a little container of ketchup and good luck getting more. You'd think for that price they'd have some different sauces for the fries. My husband also said his food was almost tasteless, and he felt the variety of choices was very limited for 1:00 in the afternoon.$60 for a $25 meal which was missing flavor and missing good service and very uncomfortable seating. It is also loud in there since it's completely open and you're right off the lobby.
2	I was tired and hungry and it was 2 AM and I didn't want to venture far. We went here and it was just bad, bad, bad. The service was SO SLOW it was crazy, even though there were maybe three other tables in our section. The food was SO overpriced and not good at all. Not worth it in the slightest. Spend the same amount of money and order room service.
3	I would have given this place two stars if it weren't for them being open at 4am but beggars can't be choosers, right?The food is way overpriced and subpar, e.g. $32 for a steak salad or over $20 for a tiny burger. Service was also very slow and aloof.But once again, what else are you gonna do right before sunrise after a night out? Actually, I know what, Earl of Sandwich anyone?
4	Great place to eat,great food but service really poor,probably she doesn't want to work but after order a bottle of wine (really good by the way,was William S.)she chance completely the service on as,24 hours open which one is good,y recommend the sea bass really good and also the banana split
1	Terrible service, mediocre overpriced food.  They listed around 20 beers on tap but only had 6, none of which I wanted so I ordered a cocktail.....which never came.   We ordered a grilled cheese for $12 and a turkey sandwich for $19.  These were wonder bread style size sandwiches that did not cost more then $1.00 each to make.  I have been coming to vegas once every two months for 15 years and this is the most disappointing dinner I have ever had in this city.  I will never come here again...ever.
2	The restaurant was way below average. I rate it as a two stars for the salad and fries. I don't recommend the burger nor club sandwich.
2	It's the only late night choice at Caesars currently, but not worth the prices.  The three items I've had (grilled cheese, Turkey club, and chicken fingers)  were all a huge let down.  Everything tastes like food I would make from left overs in my fridge.  Not terrible, but boring and flavorless with sub par ingredients.I don't mind paying "too much" for good food, but this is not even close to good food.  If you're drunk and hungry at 4am in Caesars it will probably work though.
2	Service is generally slow, especially the wait to take your order. The breakfast leaves a lot to be desired - I've had the croque madame and pancakes. Way overpriced. I've also eaten here for lunch/dinner and they have a delicious crab sandwich. I'd skip the breakfast, but would eat here for a late night meal again.
4	Central is now Bistro 24.  Same location but new owners as the previous restaurant.  There is no signage.Currently they are only open til 4pm with the bar remaining open all hours.  Breakfast is served til 11 am and lunch til 4.  After Christmas Bistro 24 will reopen with many of the same people and a revamped menu.  The bar is great for picking some cocktails on your way back to the room or a bottle of champagne to celebrate your winnings Centrally located across from the Caesars checkin. Bypass the Starbucks and have a cup of coffee and eat the stuffed French Toast which is their signature dish.Most of the staff from Central will transfer over to Bistro 24.
4	Our party of 3 stopped in for a quick lunch after a day at the spa.  We all enjoyed iced tea and the burger.  It was just an ordinary lunch.  Good but not some place I am going to rush back to.  It was convenient and the staff was friendly.
1	I frequently stay at Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas and often end up eating at Central since it is conveniently located near the lobby, close to the Augustus tower and open 24 hours. I am torn between giving this place 1 and 2 stars. Given my recent experiences I will give it 2 stars max. They had a tuna burger on the menu which was delicious and we really liked it and actually had it twice during one stay, only to learn that the quality can be choppy. We had it for lunch right before we left for the airport to catch a flight. By the time we got to the car rental facility, we could feel it in the stomach. Five minutes later we were sprinting towards the rental car shuttle, hoping to make it to the United Club and unload. As soon as we made it to the Club, we ran to the restroom  - explosive diarrhea - the fish was on its way back to the sea within an hour on consumption. Both of us had the tuna burger was lunch and both of us had to run to the loo. Outside of this experience, we frequently have breakfast here - it tends to be expensive - pretty standard breakfast for two with coffee and OJ can run you north of $50.
