3	I'll start by saying this restaurant should have a higher rating, but for one serious mistake, which I'll get to.Service - Excellent.  Our server was charming, knew the food & beer, fast and efficient.Food - Fairly good.  The presentation was great, but the Poutine was just cheese fires with gravy.  Now having spent much time in Montreal, i'm a bit of a poutine purist, so perhaps I'm being a bit harsh.  Fish and chips were good, thought the fries weren't quite up to "chip" standards.Drink - EXCELLENT!  What a killer beer list, and the staff knew their stuff.Ambiance - Very good.  Maybe turn down the lights a bit.THE BAD:   We were really enjoying the food when my friend found a BIG PIECE OF PLASTIC IN HIS BURGER.  It was the kind that patties often come wrapped in.  This was not a small piece either, it was a ball of thick, clear plastic the size of 2 peas.My friend was very gracious and knew the cook.  He told the server to tease him about it but didn't raise a stink - didn't mention it to the owner either.  I wouldn't have been so gracious - hence the 3 star review for a 4 star place.
5	I've eat here a couple times and it was fantastic. The menu is nice and short, but you can't go wrong with the selections. Save your decision make for what to drink. Location: Great view of the Capitol right in the square. The restaurant itself is small but cozy. You be sharing stories with your neighbors. Food: I've only had lunch but the Poutine was yummy. I can't believe we didn't invent that before the neighbors to the North. Turkey sandwich Is fantastic and nothing beats homemade chips. Drinks: if you can't find something you like then there us something wrong with you. 28 beers on tap with over a hindered in the bottle. 40 different wines if that is your poison. I had the Hennipen from Coopers Town delicious.
5	Woah this place was cool.  You only need to know one thing about it, they serve poutine!  And beer!  Poutine is a Canadian thing but I'm surprised it hadn't made it's way to Wisconsin yet.  It's basically french fries with cheese curds topped with gravy.  It sounds simple but it's fucking excellent.  Oh and the Brisket was rad as well.  5 Stars to Cooper's.
2	This is a limited review, very limited.We stopped at The Cooper's Tavern for drinks on a whim because we have some time before our dinner reservation and thought we'd check it out.Since it was before dinner, we were in the mood for cocktails. In retrospect, we should have went with something from the well-stocked beer list instead.  Both my wife and I ordered a vodka gimlet.  When it finally arrived (through no fault of the server, the bartender was just pfaffing around and talking to other drinkers while he should have been also making drinks), we were disappointed.  The drinks seemed to be largely composed of ice and rose's lime juice; vodka was in short supply and there was no lime wedge.  Lame, just lame.We sat at one of the tables in the front of the house, the one's made from a barrel with a tabletop.  Comfortable enough, but it's pretty damned cold that close to the front window in the middle of winter (and I'm not easily chilled).  The rest of the decor seems a bit confused (rustic bar on one side, pseudo-modern restaurant on the other, barrel tables up front).We didn't stay to eat, so I won't speak to that.  Not sure if we'll return for dinner or not, but if we do, it will have to be soon.  It seems like Food Fight restaurants have a rather quick aging curve when it comes to the food.
4	Just went here for lunch, and I was rather pleased.I was impressed with the beer list, not just for its selection of local and Belgian beers (which seem to be ubiquitous in Madison), but for the other not so common finds (an homage to eastern Europe and the Pacific for example) and what I would call American staples (Anchor Steam, Founder's, and Unibroue - notice I said American).As far as food goes - my ladyfriend and I had the harvest soup, which was quite good. I had the turkey sandwich with apple-pear slaw and thousand island dressing, and she had the chicken sandwich on sourdough. We both felt that the turkey sandwich won that fight, it was excellent. The rest of the menu sounds great, especially dinner. The penchant for pork products is nice to see.View of the capital is really nice. Interior is clean and modern. I liked the light wood bar. Service was great, but the place wasn't exactly bustling. I held off on giving 5 stars, because it seems like this place has a bit of evolving to do yet. Still kind of new/green, and not a particularly original menu (kind of a mix between The Old Fashioned and Brasserie V). I am definitely coming back for dinner though.
5	This place is great. Tasty food, awesome beer selection, and fantastic, helpful waitstaff. I love the atmosphere and the location, too. Have only had the appetizers (the hand made potato chips are awesome!) and beer, but every other dish I saw come out looked amazing. And it's pretty reasonably priced for the quality.  Would recommend taking advantage of their beer samples as they have a diverse mix that are hard to find other places. Definitely worth the stop!
4	I came here for lunch with coworkers.  There were many middle-aged men and women in suits.  As a party of five, we were seated in the back, in a private sectioned off space with flapping Western doors.  It was quite nice.  There was a mini door for the bartender to take our orders and hand us our food.I had the quiche, which was a huge slice of egg pie with brussel sprouts and ham.  It was good, but I was expecting a 3-5 inch pie rather than a slice of something enormous.  The salad that came with it is best forgotten rather than eaten.  I had a bite of someone's ruben sandwich and it was absolutely delicious.  Mm... definitely want to try that again. Nice place.  The bar seems to have a lot of beer variety on tap.  Good service.
4	I'll continue bringing friends to Cooper's mainly because of the great selection of beers.  I've tried several new brews here thanks to great bartenders who are more than willing to offer suggestions.As mentioned, the service here is excellent. The ambiance is okay - not quite as comfortable as a place like Genna's, but also not overly busy like the Old Fashioned can sometimes get.I haven't eaten here yet, so I will update this once I do. For now, it's a very solid spot to come try new beers and converse with friends.
4	Great food - we really enjoyed "Amy's Salad" and the pork and mac 'n cheese.  The service and beer selection were great!  It was VERY noisy - perhaps they could add some noice absorbing bumpers on the wall - or artwork?
4	This place is part of the mafia-like Madison restaurant junta known as Food Fight.  These guys (and girls) own and operate a number of trendy restaurants around town, all of which I have really enjoyed when I've had the pleasure (Tubb's Tacos, Monty's, Cooper's).  The actual building that Cooper's is in used to house a two-story McDonald's, hooray.  You figure that getting rid of one McDonald's, in the grand scheme of things, probably doesn't do much.  I would guess it's like that old cosmetic myth that when you pluck one hair, two will grow back in its place.  So even though there's one less McDonald's in downtown Madison, I'm sure two or three Mickey D's just cut the ribbon in China, or Singapore.  But probably not North Korea.  Anyway, back to Cooper's.  The beer list is long and accomplished (insert crude phallic joke here).  Having lived in Chicago for over a year, I was pleased to see Matilda on their beer list.  That's not to say I'm above a good PBR to prime the pump.But what exactly was I priming the pump for?  Bone marrow, yeah that's right.  As an appetizer no less.  This stuff was straight beef butter, served with roasted garlic cloves and pumpernickel bread.  The flavor is subtle, but the texture...Am I a douche bag if I use the word unctuous?  Yes, I think I am.  On to the main dish.  Lamb sandwich with tomato jam and provolone cheese.  I tell you, when that lamb and that jam get together, lots of things start happening in your brain.  Let's say your bummed out 'cause you just got audited, or haven't even done your taxes yet, or your dog got killed by some neighborhood kids wielding baseball bats.  This sandwich, preceded by that bone marrow, preceded by a PBR...I'm telling you, all those troubles would just melt away, smeared, consumed and digested on a hot piece of pumpernickel toast.  But let's say you're a vegetarian.  Well, too fucking bad for you, you deserve to have your dog beaten by neighborhood toughs.     Kudos to all those who could even remotely follow whatever it is I just said.  This place is solid.  The prices haven't sky rocketed yet, but it's already starting to get pretty crowded.  The new place in downtown Madison to see and be seen, unless your blind.  I think my karma just took a hit, ouch.
5	This place is AWESOME!  I've only been there twice, but both times were excellent.  Food was great and very reasonably priced.  The beer selection is huge, but I have only been there for lunch time and did not imbibe.  Overall, the atmosphere is very relaxing and best suited for grabbing one or two friends for a casual drink or meal.  Definitely a good addition to the downtown eatery scene.  I didn't see any room for large groups.
4	DetailsFood - excellentBeer- fabulousAtmosphere - loud, but expectedService - slow, very very slowBloody Mary - Awful - except for the garnishThe hubby and I ate a Cooper's for lunch on Saturday a few weeks ago around 1:30.  It was crazy busy, we wanted to sit outside, but people were squatting.  The beer selections was crazy good, we tried 4 different taps that were new to us (one a sour ale).  We had the soft pretzel with spicy cheese sauce for an appetizer . . . we could have each ate 2 full servings.  The burgers were made with local ingredients, but the pork belly was not what I wanted, my husband loved it.  I forget, I love crispy bacon.  It took 20 minutes to get our first beer, another 20 minutes to order appetizers and meals, an hour for the appetizer to arrive, another 30 minutes for another beer, another 45 minutes for food arrive and 30 more minutes for the awful bloody mary ( too much horshradish (and I love it) and nothing else).  Once we wanted the bill, service was very prompt.  IThe beer and food will send us back to Cooper's to try out the service again.  DO NOT DRINK THE BLOODY MARY.  If you see someone with one, get a beer - try something new - free taste testing for beer and ask for the tasty garnish on the side.
3	First, the space is really cool looking. It's definitely got the well-worn gastropub feel, even though it's brand new. I was really impressed with the decor, even though it isn't quite as charming as some of the other nearby establishments (though if it sticks around for a while, that will come with age). On a Friday night at around 8pm, our little twosome got right in even though I was worried that there would be a wait. We were seated near the kitchen, which meant waitresses flying around too close to my chair for comfort, but at least we got to eat soon after we arrived. We had to try the poutine, skin-on french fries with some cheese curds covered in a brown gravy (have I mentioned how my boy loves gravy?). What a tasty treat, although I think it had sat somewhere for a little bit too long because the gravy had taken on an unappealing sheen. That being said, it tasted great and the fries weren't soggy at all. This is a great alternative to cheesy bacon fries, if you're into that sort of thing. This is not health food. For our dinners I went with the reuben (with house-cured lean corn beef sliced thin, cured red cabbage, swiss cheese, and dressing on pumpernickel) and he had the burger, which was very juicy. For my side I chose the greens with house vinaigrette and he had homemade potato chips. Both of these were great, and I appreciate the lighter choice of greens (they definitely don't scrimp on portions either.. I got half a plate of romaine!). We were very satisfied with the food we'd chosen. I also got a Murphy's Irish Ale, served in a true pint glass. Our server was attentive, no complaints there. The only thing I was a bit bothered by was the beer options. While the bottle selection was just fine, I'm a draft girl and there weren't that many appealing options. Hopefully the cooper's tavern will have a rotating schedule and maybe offer this poor grad student some specials (maybe pitcher specials) so that I can continue to eat my way through the menu one weekend at a time!
3	Went here a couple of weeks ago with my husband--we'd been meaning to try it for awhile.  We sat inside, I forget why, but in the future I think I would try to avoid it--they have this set-up with a long bench along the wall, tables, and chairs on the facing side, which gives it more of a fast food feel than I really like, plus the tables are TINY.  I felt like I was being squashed into people on both sides of me, and it was noisy.We split an order of chips (fries) before the meal, and they were AMAZING.  Really well done, just the right texture for me (relatively thin for home-made chips, but still just a little soft like I like them, not too many burnt ones), and they came with a DELICIOUS vinegar-infused aoli for dipping.Husband had some beer that he really liked, and obviously that's their main deal.  I had some wine and it was okay, but I remember thinking that the selection was pretty thin.  I realize it's not their primary thing, but it could have had a little more variety.For the entree, I had the grilled cheese with a "shot" of their Harvest Tomato soup.  I didn't realize when I ordered that they LITERALLY meant a "shot"--like, it was served in a shot glass, which was INCREDIBLY inconvenient since it was nearly impossible to dip the sandwich in it, even shredded into small pieces.  What do they think people DO with grilled cheese and tomato soup?!  The container really needed a broader mouth, even if it had held the same volume.The soup was really good--very flavorful, just a hint of spice, very nice.  The server also said she THOUGHT that it was vegan, although she couldn't confirm--she said the chef likes to do vegan stuff when he can.The grilled cheese, though, was really disappointing.  The menu listed three kinds of cheese, including cheddar, but it just had no flavor at ALL.  Totally bland.  I'd have been happier with a full bowl of the soup.If you don't like to be crowded, I'd recommend trying to sit outside in the next few months rather than inside.  And avoid the grilled cheese.
4	Sitting in the location that was formerly Sucre - it just goes to show that Wisconsin loves our beer more than our dessert. I got the Mac n cheese with pork belly. My friend got the goat cheese polenta. We also tried the pretzels with beer cheese sauce. Overall, I liked that they have unusual stuff on their menu (polenta, pork belly, brussel sprouts and beets). They've got a selection of beers like so many places in Madison. It's definitely worth a try but it won't end up being a favorite.Service: Slow, but it was packed. My friend and I got our appetizer after our entrees. Also all the waitresses look the same.Environment: Nice light wood decor. Most of the tables inside are against a long bench (so you get one seat on the bench and one chair). Tables are really close together. Some outdoor seating. A little bit loud given that I went on a full night.UPDATE: Went for brunch. Just after it snowed, so it was empty. But by far, I liked the brunch better than the dinner. I got the Benedict Arnold - poached eggs on biscuit with sausage gravy. My friend got the regular Eggs Benedict. Both were delicious.
4	So...Cooper's Tavern, the new Food Fight Restaurant....My husband and I went here for dinner on a Monday evening.  It was threatening to rain, so we opted to sit inside.  The sidewalk seating looks like it would be really enjoyable on nicer days, though.  There was live celtic music, a group of 4 people playing their instruments in the back.  It really reminded of the celtic bars I frequented when I used to live in Brittany, France.  The volume of the music was just right- loud enough to notice, but not so loud that you had to shout to have a conversation.Our waitress was prompt, but she forgot to tell us the specials, one of which was Mussels and fries, which I would have ordered had I known about them.  I ordered the grilled cheese and house salad; husband had the lamb sandwich and home made chips.  The grilled cheese was good and the salad mix was fresh.  I tasted the chips and thought they could be better.  They were on the dry and bland side.  (Maybe use peanut oil for frying and some more salt?)  My husband liked his lamb sandwich.This would probably be a 3 star review, as it's a run-of-the-mill Food Fight restaurant, but the huge and interesting beer menu and live music give it the fourth star.
5	My new favorite bar & grill!  Tasteful decor, great selection of beer, and good mussels & fries.  What more could you ask for?  Staff is very knowledgeable about their inventory, and it's not hard to find a place to sit.  Excellent!
4	Met a few friends for dinner last night- we were seated right away, but it was very early.  As we were eating, the place filled up very quickly so keep that in mind.  The menu was varied with both pub foods, salads and entrees- I really enjoyed the Amy's salad and I'm not really a fan of spinach but it was delish.  The veggie sandwich was likewise satisfying and the service was just fine.  Overall, we were impressed and will plan to return often.
4	While visiting Madison for a trade show recently, my colleagues and I  wandered into The Cooper's Tavern to escape the rain. Madison is a great beer city - I was really pleasantly surprised - and Cooper's Tavern represents. They've got a fantastic on tap menu as well as a great bottled selection, so there was definitely something for everyone.I ordered the pork belly mac n cheese. Oh my god the deliciousness. In fact, I texted my compatriot Chef Lucy to ooh and goo over the taste. The sweetness of the pork belly was perfectly complimented by the sharp white Wisconsin cheddar and I loved it.My dinner companions also enjoyed their meals (though I can't recall for the life of me what they ordered). It was pouring outside so we elected to stay in the warm cozy restaurant for dessert and shared the Guinness chocolate cake - another solid choice. The crowd was mixed but everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. The atmosphere is warm and welcoming and I'll for sure go back if I find myself in Madison again.
2	Dear Cooper, I had higher hopes for you after viewing your menu online. I had higher hopes for you after walking into your space, obviously channeling what you thought was a gastropub but turned out to be just another pub with flavorless food. Why, Madison, why are you so afraid of flavor?! Is that why the Jameson I ordered was so huge? (Thank you!) Is that why your beer list is so extensive and diverse? (Thank you again.) Because you expect your patrons to get well elixed before the food arrives? Let me tell you, the flavors of the food does NOT hold up to the flavors of your drinks. I suppose I should have known not to order a Italian dish (polenta) off of a mostly Irish menu. It was not only bland, it was very hot. But not out of the pan hot, out from under the heat lamp / out of the microwave hot. I see you Cooper's, and it ain't nearly as hot as your food. My friend had the mac and cheese with pork belly on top. The mac and cheese, aside from the topper, was dull. So so dull. Not even as flavorfull as Annie's out of the box. Find the salt, it's on a shelf, about head high. And oh my lord this pork belly was awful tasting, when it wasn't chewy and tasteless. Neither dish was 1/2 finished when we were finished. Drinks, people. This place is good for drinks and atmosphere and frites.
5	My boyfriend and I just went here for an early dinner on Sunday and we were really quite excited about the place.  The atmosphere is like a dark sophisticated pub, the food is upscale but not too pricey, TONS of beer options, and the servers and clientele not too pretentious which we were worried about.  My boyfriend is a Reuben aficionado and so he tried that, I loved it, he said it was kind of chewy but it had this different flavor to it that we've never tasted before.  Overall he gave it a thumbs up.  We shared the poutine appetizer which was overwhelmingly gluttonous but wonderfully executed and tasty.  I had the fish and chips with a house salad instead of chips.  I felt it was kind of a normal fish and chips, good but nothing exciting about it, and I wished there was some sort of tarter sauce to add some flavor.Overall we thought the food was great and different, loved the atmosphere, and we'll be back soon.   Rating: 4.5
4	Great beer, great frites, great location, pretty cool environment...but for vegetarian with few options, what is up with the boring grilled cheese? Went back and ordered without the provolone and extra (supposedly sharp) cheddar cheese...still pretty boring. How about some onions, tomatoes, avocado, pesto?
2	I heard a lot about the place from the local people and were real excited to try it out. for appetizer, we ordered the sconnie egg. The meat was dry and quite honestly it is tasteless. They tried to add flavor by putting a lot of the mustard source on the bottom but it is too salty. I think it would have worked better with a different kind of mustard. We had the Poutine as well. This is a dish that is gaining its popularity here in the US. The fries and gravy are good but the cheese are sticking together but overall it is a B+.As for dinner we ordered the hamburger. The meat was tough. Hands down The Old Fashion is a lot better. The up side there are a big selection of beer and it is a cool place just to hang out for a pint or two with no food please.
3	Came to Cooper's Tavern with a group of five last week.  My friend and I were meeting the three others there. The other three hadn't arrived yet, and when the two of us came and asked for a table of five the guy seating us was like "well okay, I guess you can take that table".  We would have been fine sitting at the bar waiting for the rest of our party if he had told us to, but instead he sits us at the five-person table and then makes us feel really uncomfortable that we're sitting there.  He even came and asked us how much longer it was going to be until the rest of our party showed.  We were like "um they're on their way, we just ordered drinks and appetizers...sorry?"   Take into account that there were NO other parties waiting for a table at the time. Why are you making us feel unwelcome in your restaurant?  I think this guy might have even been the owner....middle-aged, Irish accent? Not sure.  Aside from this dude, the rest of our experience was alright.Loved the ambiance of the place.  Granted we were at one of the large front tables and not in the tiny side tables that other reviews have mentioned.  Our waitress was super nice and helpful.  Everyone who asked for drink recommendations or food opinions were happy with what she had to say.  The drink menu was fantastic.  Four full pages listing the beers they had.  My roommate was pumped that they had Hobgoblin which she had had in England over the summer.  And another friend was pleased with the hard ciders they carried ("'tis the season!")The food was just "meh".  For an appetizer we had the cheese pretzels (why the cheese comes in a shot glass that is difficult to get out or dip anything in...I have no idea). Entree I had the fish and chips.  Nothing was bad, but nothing was great either. Go for the beer menu, not the food. And don't take any crap from that Irish man.
3	i've been here a few times now. the beer list is pretty solid, but the bloody marys are just ok. the turkey sandwich is awesome (with gouda and apple-pear slaw, yum!), and they definitely get points for having poutine on the menu. i would come more often if it wasn't always packed to the gills.
3	This place was pleasantly surprising.  The fries and the aioli really stick out in my mind because they were THAT good.  Order them.  I ate the fish sandwich (I was there on Friday), and it was delicious but pretty impossible to eat as a sandwich.  Just give me the fish on the plate!  If you insist on the bread, give me a roll or three and I'll be happy.  I wasn't really upset about anything, but I did find it mildly hilarious that I had to strategize (repeatedly) about each course of action I took before a bite.The beer selection is decent, though other places have it better.  The atmosphere is nice.  I sat at the bar, and while the bartender was good at his job, he came out on the ass end of my opinion when the back of house screwed him with REALLY slow service.  It was lunchtime, but it wasn't so busy so as to justify 15 minutes passing (along with a pint of beer) before fries arrived.  I'm generally laid back about things, but I'm honest when I write these things and it sucked having to wait so long for the fries.  I don't really blame the bartender either, though he seemed oblivious that we had waited that long until a minute before they came out.  He gave us the, "your fries will be right up" line, which did not resonate well with me at the time and I remember saying something to my girlfriend that was less-than-friendly but pretty damn funny at the same time.  It was my coping mechanism.So, there you have it.Great fries, impossible sandwich, annoyingly slow service.  I'll admit that things may improve the next time I go there.  I'm a big fan of probability and the place seems like one that I want to go back to.  I wasn't bowled over though.
5	What an unbelievably amazing place to go. This is by-far my favorite place to go on a slower night rather than the party scene. Go in there have a few delicious exotic beers and talk to some down-right friendly people. The owner Pete is awesome as well. All the waiters, waitresses, bar tenders, and of course Pete make you feel like family who just got home. It's an absolutely wonderful place to go. BE SURE TO TRY A DARK AND STORMY DOWN THERE!
3	Went to this restaurant on the day after thanksgiving when all of our first choices were closed. We got in, and while seated right away, took 15 minutes and us asking the waitress 3 times before we even got water. The couple that came in 30 min after us got food and drinks before us. The service was poor, and slow. The food was just okay. Edited on 3/11/12 - gave it a second chance - raised it to 3 stars instead of two. This time is was much, much better service, but still 'good/okay' food. I do have to say, I was more impressed with the beer list this time. I'd consider going again for drinks.
4	Can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  However the service was a little disappointing.  On each visit there was a hiccup with either the food being brought out on a timely manner (e.g. appetizers should come out before the meal) or some confusion on the items actually ordered.  Nonetheless I would recommend this place.  Last warning, the space could prove a slight clusterphobic during peak hours.  Great beer selection.
5	This place is for the beer connoiseur. By far, the best beer selection in Madison. Great atmosphere, great owner, great place.
3	Spending two hours rallying really works up a girl's appetite, so I decided to come and try this place out, as I've been meaning to for awhile and been too lazy to leave my hermit cave of an apartment.I ordered the Cooper's Burger and it was pretty good: grass-fed beef, pork belly, some fresh lettuce and a nice aioli to taste. The food was easily four stars and was pretty good.The bathrooms are kept very clean (although, there's only one). The service is also pretty decent; I've seen some inconsistencies here about it and I was a little weary before I walked in, but I must've been lucky and came on a good day because my waiter and the manager were both quite friendly.This place is pretty small and some of the seating is kind of awkward; I was placed inbetween two groups by myself when there was plenty of other seats elsewhere. I'm sure it might've been easier on the waiters, but it was just kind of weird to be seated next to a family and two guys talking about finances.Also, the alcohol list is pretty nice; at least 3 pages on beer alone. Kind of hot, actually, even if I'm not huge on beer.That said, it's a pretty affordable place, the service is relatively friendly if you come in on a good day, and it's got a nice view of the capitol. But I'd avoid bringing large groups of people and kids--don't think this is a good place for either.
2	Okay, I feel guilty for giving this place only two stars because it seems like a four star place on paper but.........So the menu is great, but the food quality is very inconsistent.  I have tried  almost half the menu and have ordered the same item (brisket sandwich for one) on different occasions and had very different results!!  The pretzels and cheese are a decent app.  The fish fry is solid.  As for everything else well, ehhhh.The wait staff is always very friendly, but the knowledge of the menu and the beer list is not where it should be.  The menu isn't that complicated and at times the staff doesn't seem to have a very in-depth knowledge of the items.The shotgun style lay-out isn't great for large groups, but if it's just you and a few buddies, this is a great place to go and tip a few.Hopefully as they become more established, the consistency will come and this place will turn into a madison staple!  It has the potential!!
4	Best burger I've had in Madison - loved that the bread is more of a brioche than a bun.  Service was friendly and prompt.  My only wish is that they turned the volume on the tvs down a bit.  Yes, they're showing European football matches, so it's better than your average bar, but a little less volume would go a long way.
4	Cooper's is a great place for a quick and tasty lunch if you're up in the Capitol area.  It's kinda hidden---I've walked by it a million times but never stopped there.  I've had three meals there---a chicken sandwich (delicious) and Amy's salad (twice).  The first time the salad was amazing.  The second time, the apple they shred over the salad was brown and soggy.  It was a little gross, to say the least.  I pushed it to the side and continued on my way.  I've also had the pretzel appetizer, which is very good.  My friend raves about the grilled cheese.Expect to spend about $10-$15.  I haven't gotten around to trying any of the beers, but they have an impressive selection.  Check this place out, especially if you work downtown.  They are very conscientious about getting you in and out of there in an hour if you have lunch time constraints.
4	Great beer selection, disappointed in the food. We came here expressly for the chips (my wife's sole goal), but they were so burnt we literally couldn't eat them. Thankfully, the order was misinterpreted  and we didn't get an extra side order of chips with our (very tasty) wee burgers...UPDATE (7/8/11): Coopers has righted this terrible wrong and are now, once again, making tasty pub chips!
5	The New Glarus Raspberry Tart beer: delicious. I'm a riesling kind of girl, so I love sweet-ish drinks. Very refreshing. The poutine: salty, greasy goodness. Don't let the description throw you off (fries, cheese, and gravy?). The Canadians have the right idea. The acorn squash: just... perfect. I skimmed over it on the menu at first, and am so glad I came back to it. It sounds like it should be a side dish, or just a Thanksgiving vegetable. But no. The cider beurre blanc sauce complemented the sweetness of the baked squash, and the rice lent a different texture to each bite. The service: friendly and as quick as is possible on a Saturday night with waits of over an hour.
3	The food at this places was very good... Alcohol prices were pretty cheap and they have a large selection of pretty much everything. The chicken sandwich was pretty good, as for the chips they were burnt. Food took forever and did not come out at the same time. Service was very slow despite being one of the 4 tables in the place. I'd go back next time I am in town, but will seat at the bar.
5	Great food! Live Irish music t'boot.
4	A very nice establishment on Capital Square.  I second the fact that this place has the best beer selection in Madison by far!  Oh, and the food is pretty good to boot!  Very highly recommended if you like trying a BUNCH of different styles of beer!
3	Food and beer is excellent, staff leaves something to be desired. Coopers is always crowded and noisy, but it's easy to ignore when the food is amazing. Beer menu is unparalleled in Madison. However something I cannot look past is the inconsiderate staff. If the owner is around, the service is great. If he's not, the hostess forgets about you for 40 minutes. The last time we went, we were told there were no tables available and we had to sit at the table or bar. But there were two tables in front and two smaller tables in back completely open. Our waiter was incompetent and wandered around while simultaneously forgetting some of my food.What gives, Coopers? Get it together.
5	We went here for brunch on a glorious Sunday morning and sat outside (no wait, even though it was Ride the Drive and the tail end of Walkerville) . It was just what I needed to eat off my hangover. Our waitress was sweet, quick and efficient. My water was always full -- perfect. I got the asparagus/ some-kind-of-good-cheese quiche, which came with a tasty arugula salad. Nice and fluffy, every bit delicious. Love this place.
4	I went for a quick after-work drink and a small bite to eat. I was amused when the waiter placed the menus in front of me: a 1-page food menu and a book-menu with the alcohol selections. The order of fries I got ($3.50) was huge, so was a great value, and they tasted great! I also got a Fat Tire which, at $5, was a little pricier than I'm used to, but I also need to blame myself a little because for that same price, I could've gotten a far more unique drink.I'd say it's a pretty sure thing I'll be back there before I leave this town.
2	My Bavarian Beer Stew was dry - I don't think it could be fairly called a stew because there was no liquid in it.  On the bright side I got to watch my dining partner eat the Sconnie Egg - and it tasted as delicious in my mind as it did in his mouth.Beer - yup, lots. Friendly eager to please waiter who apologized when our entrees were delivered right along with our appetizers. Who's running the kitchen?
4	This place is great!!!! Fast service, great unique food, good beer....what else do I have to say.
5	I come here to eat all the time. They serve food late, and the quality of ingredients is as good as it gets in madison. I recommend the ruben soup. Huge selection of beers and ciders. Great brunch. Staff could be improved, but they've only been open for about a year.
5	I was pleasantly surprised by this establishment.  It is a small unassuming restaurant. It is so delicious.  I had the Tuscan salad and it was just amazing.  The basil pesto and the roasted red peppers made this meal stand out as more than a mere salad.  I can only overuse the word amazing because there is no other word to describe the delicious food.  They have a traditional french-canadian dish called poutine.  It is fries with cheese curds and brown gravy.  It was absolutely delicious.  We were fortunate enough to go and get the special booth.  It is a small room for 6 with a private window directly to the bartender.The prices are more than fair for their food and their beverages.  Many people are bothered by the beer prices, however this is typical in downtown Madison outside of happy hours.  They have enough variety to make everyone happy.
4	I love the huge beer selection, cheap yet delicious food. It's great! My favorites are the beef stew, the daily mussels special!However.. I must say the wait is LONGGGGGGGG for food, so don't ever come here on an empty stomach! And, it is definitely not a place for chatting, you get deaf after a while from the shouting!
4	I've been here twice for their Sunday brunch and it's been delightful. I live just around the corner from Old Fashioned, but I'll walk the extra block to Cooper's Tavern any day for what I consider to be superior food, service and wait time. It's always busy, but I never need to wait for a table (score!). My boyfriend and I start out with the Sconnie Egg appetizer: Sausage-wrapped egg deep-fried and served with whole grain mustard? Nom nom nom. The first time I had the Scandinavian Eggs Benedict which was pretty good (I was hungover which was coloring my enjoyment of the food), but this morning I had the Blueberry Mascarpone French Toast on Sourdough and I nearly died. Even my bf liked it and he doesn't believe in breakfast foods :) He got their Sunday Roast (Yorkshire pudding, roast beef, mashed veggies and thick gravy) and it was succulent and very tasty.Sitting outside is really fun, today it started raining in the middle of our meal so we ran inside and they found us a table even though the place was packed! Both of our servers have been charming and very attentive. Only reason I'm not going for 5 stars is I've had better Eggs Benedict and I haven't tried any of their drinks yet. Yay Food Fight restaurants!
3	Went here after 9pm on a Saturday night. We wanted to sit outside- the place was packed inside and out, so had to wait about 20 minutes for a table. Glad we sat outside though, as inside was really loud.Awesome beer and wine selection, just about anything you could want. My friend was unhappy with his bloody mary, didn't have enough spice. We were told the kitchen closed at 10, so we had to hurry up and get our orders in. I had the brisket sandwich, which I thought lacked flavor and was pretty unimaginative. Wish I would have ordered the beef stew- it was really tasty and comfort food at its best.The service was pretty good despite how busy the place looked. The whole experience was decent, but probably won't go out of my way to come back.
3	Oh, the dulcet tones of RE CALL WALK ER while we attempted to enjoy our al fresco dinner.  Which isn't to say that I disagree with the sentiment - just that it interfered with the otherwise very pleasant ambiance of Coopers Tavern.We stopped in for dinner a few weeks ago on the recommendation of our Airbnb host - when he learned we liked beer, he insisted that we try Coopers.  We were grateful for the recommendation!.  I really enjoyed the Irish Cobb salad - house-cured corned beef, oven-dried tomatoes, asparagus, hard-boiled egg, Dubliner, and scallion-mustard dressing - but we were disappointed in the beer cheese pretzels, as the "dip" was more like soup.I'm not sure where to rate the service, exactly.  I think our server was new, but she was definitely enthusiastic, peppering us for our drink order before we'd had a chance to open the menu.  When my husband asked about a beer listed on the menu, she informed him that they were out but it was SO GOOD.  Very helpful!  He really wanted the beer, and now would obviously have to take his drinking dollars elsewhere if he wanted to try something that was obviously recommended.Despite that overly grumpy digression, we'd definitely give this place another shot.
4	Owned by a true Irishman, this place is the best for food and fun with an atmosphere that isn't trying to be something it isn't.  A great place to bring your parents, a date, or just go to by yourself for a great meal.
5	i'm sad to see all the poor reviews because my guy and i had one of our best meals on our trip to madison here.  we started with the soup, which didn't disappoint - an otherwise somewhat boring soup, it was topped with bleu cheese which paired really nicely and gave it that extra kick it deserved.  my guy had the fish and chips which were awesome, perfectly cooked (not a bit dry) and the fries were to die for.. i don't know what they put on them, but i think it may have been a liquified form of crack.  so good.  i had the pasta, which was fresh and once again, the flavors meshed really well.  the only thing that threw me off at first is that it was very much on the al dente side, which isn't my favorite, but i quickly got used to it.  service was good, prices were moderate, and the beer is VERY affordable (this is from a chicagoan standpoint, but seemed about comparable to anywhere else in madison).  the atmosphere was nice, as well.
4	Excellent drink selection and bar food that really takes it up a notch from what you'd normally expect. The beer-cheese pretzels, in addition to being beautifully presented, were a perfect compliment to my obscure hefeweizen from Germany. Their imports also went well with my $3 mini-cheeseburgers; while each one was about as big as a half-dollar, they were clearly made from very high-quality beef and cheddar, and came with an exorbitant amount of deep-fried potato chips made from scratch. The beet salad was honestly one of the best salads I've ever had.I do have one warning: don't even think about the bone marrow crostini if you aren't already a fan of bone marrow. Gamiest, smelliest piece of meat I've ever even looked at. I really should have known better than to order something as adventurous as that at what's basically a high-end pub. It reeked like urine and there was nothing on the plate to offset the squishy and smooth texture of the bone marrow other than their "crostini" (toasted french bread). It at least could have used some spices.
3	Had breakfast here this morning. I had the eggs Benedict. Yummy, but had to send it back once because my eggs had runny whites. Yuck! The second time around they were perfect. Yummy! Ham too thick, but still tasty. Super yummy homemade english muffin. Rustic to say the least.
3	I heard great things about it, but it was only ok for me. I had a chicken sandwich and it wasn't terrible, but the chicken was clearly processed. It is also VERY noisy inside. However my wife really liked her salad and they have a good beer selection.
3	We probably won't come back here for dinner, but definitely for drinks. Great selection and very cheap! (well, to us from the Bay Area ...) I really loved the Fox Barrel Pear Blackberry cider and Derek loved the New Glarus Raspberry.We started off with the pretzels + beer cheddar dip ... How was that so bland? But indeed, it was, and completely unforgettable.Derek got a burger and I got a grilled veggie sandwich. Pretty yummy but not special. We left still hungry, but at least a little tipsy!
5	So good.  Everyone tends to go here for drinks, which is great-  I love the atmosphere and the beer selection at night, but it does get a little crowded.  The news I have or you is that this place is not just a bar.  I'll say I'm biased and just love the idea of this place - a nice pub feel for those of us that wish to be closer to our irish and english roots with some of those traditional selections on the menu (guiness and irish breakfast complete with black and white pudding, anyone?) but they also have more american options and contemporary or unique spins on "regular" food, one of my other favorite things to experience.  I also appreciate that they have hooks for hanging jackets and purses dispersed throughout the seating area.The food is excellent - everything seems high quality and well prepared.  I'll be back for more for sure.  Today I went for brunch and it was amazing.  Great service, nice casual atmosphere and TVs for watching the Packers or Manchester United vs. Chelsea.Awesome cocktails and food selection - their bloody mary is intense and their breakfast menu has a good mix of items for anyone to find something they like and you can be sure it will taste great.  I had the breakfast sandwich which was good and super filling and I think the english muffin it came on is homemade - this is NOT the english muffin you buy at the grocery store, it is so much better.  One friend had the scrambler - the potatoes were awesome and they were happy to prepare it partially with egg whites for her.  They scramble in different ingredients every day - hers was goat cheese, tomato and red pepper.  The blueberry marscarpone that comes with the french toast is amazing and they give you plenty so you don't run out.  I was ready to eat my friend's leftovers off his plate with a spoon :)  I highly recommend the Pimm's Cup if you're debating over it on the cocktail menu - it's very refreshing and delicious - don't be intimidated by it.
5	Loved Coopers! So incredibly lucky to stumble upon this place our very first night in Madison for work! So incredibly sad for everywhere we've eaten after Coopers since they just can't compete with our experience there. I have to admit I was hesitant about the food we would encounter in Madison (sorry but I've spent a lot of time in the Midwest and usually end up bloated and searching for greens/veggies/roughage).  Coopers totally blew me away with its perfect blend of pub/comfort food faves, locavore love, and the best things about Midwestern food (its true roots). By the time I left I was wondering why we can't have a Coopers in our town!My meal was a delicious bavarian beef stew with German dumplings, REAL German dumplings for those who love them, artisan beer and brussels sprouts. The plate was so big, I cannot believe I ate the whole thing but it was sooooo good.  And did mention this is a regular menu item, not a special?Their drink menu, including a nice and reasonably priced selection of wines by the glass, specialty cocktails, and an astonishing selection of beers, is impressive! And the staff was awesome!  You know where I'll be eating when I'm back in Madison next week.
4	Excellent lunch and great place for beer.  Ask to sit in the nook...it is a private booth that is a tribute to when women couldn't drink in bars.  Seriously, it cool...and the bartender servers you through a sliding wooden window just off the bar, it's a hoot.
4	We went on a Monday evening and enjoyed a good Irish dinner and excellent music provided by a traditional Irish band.  It was interesting that the band was actually sitting at the back of the restaurant while performing...and, of course, drinks conveniently on the table in front of them.  Some of the pubs in Ireland are laid back and casual just like this and it brought back great memories of our pub experience in Dublin.
2	Two of our very good friends, my husband, and I wanted a night out at a new Madison eatery.  It was a Sat. night without reservations.  Thankfully we found a spot at the bar and enjoyed a few beverages before dinner.  The bartender offered samples and suggestions to the various beers we were interested in.  My husband has Celiac, several options were present.  Yes, the variety and knowledge of beverages was exceptional but the food was lacking.  My husband ordered the pork chop, it came out (too) rare and was sent back.  They comped us for this thankfully.  My girlfriend and I ordered the chicken curry dish.  The chicken was tender but extremely salty!  It was if they had brined the chicken over night.  The curry sauce was very comfort food yummy.  I know it's a European/Canadian thing to have gravy covered fries but I'm not a fan.  Our friend ordered the mussels and loved them!  We shared desserts of Creme Brulee - Delish!!!  and chocolate cheese cake (i think) - dry and blahNot a fan of the menu, or options (too few).  Like i read in previous reviews, i 'd go for drinks but not the food.
4	I've been here many times. Awesome beer list to choose from. Everyone walks away happy from the bar. More importantly, the only place that I know of that serves Putine! That delicious medley from north of the border. French fries with melted cheese curds smothered in brown gravy. A salty, gooey delicious mess of delight. Thanks Cooper's for bringing that to Madison. I got a little tired of the drive everytime I needed a Putine fix!The only negative about this place, it is always very loud in there. Hard to have a conversation without yelling. The acoustics are really bad.
5	Fantastic frites.  Tremendous beer selection.
4	Great atmosphere and fantastic selection of craft beers!
5	What a great surprise Cooper's was the other day! I was expecting a bar but it was so much more...To put it bluntly, this was some of the simplest, best tasting fare I have ever had at a tavern. In fact, even if it were not a tavern, I would go back for the food. The tomato-roasted red pepper soup was so stunningly good, I wish I had the recipe because I'm now craving it constantly. I then had the veggie sandwich. Now, I've had a veggie sandwich many, many times at many different eating establishments and believe me when I say that there are as many interpretations of this idea as there are eating establishments. This one was DELICIOUS. I have no idea what they did to it to make it taste so good but literally every component sung with flavor, including the nicely toasted Madison Sourdough bread. There was portobella mushroom, peppers, feta and zucchini and it was accompanied by a fairly large helping of mixed greens which were dressed (perhaps a bit too heavily) with a kind of Dijon topping that was also extremely tasty. My only complaint was that it was too creamy for me. Aside from the food, Cooper's has an extensive beer list and a very attractive interior comprised of blonde wood tables and floors and a large picture window looking out onto the capitol. We went two days after Christmas and they were doing a very brisk lunch business so I can only imagine what it must be like on a regular workday. I'll definitely be back to try more!
4	Thank you, kind bartender, for humoring my request for a hot, non-alcoholic drink at the bar. I swear I did not mean to leave my ID back at my hotel room. It was 8PM and I had already done all my research on all the bars in the vicinity of the Madison Concourse hotel. So I decided that I wanted to start my tavern hopping adventure right with a beer and pretzeled bread at The Cooper's Tavern. It wasn't until I had walked in and sat myself down at the bar that I realized that I only had a credit card and some cash in my pocket...and I wasn't about to trek back out into the cold back to my hotel room to get my ID because I knew that if I made it back to my king-sized bed and flatscreen TV, I would never make it back outside. SO, long story short, I ended up sipping a hot chocolate (from powder) while I waited for my pretzeled bread, pretending to be interested in whatever soccer game was playing on the TVs behind the bar. Good thing I was impressed with the pretzeled bread (I actually had a random craving for that and spicy mustard earlier last week), or I would have been a very, very unhappy camper. Sad to say, my tavern hopping adventures ended with my last drop of hot-chocolate. However, I'm glad that I made Cooper's my first stop! Nice try Sherry, maybe next time.
4	Excellent~  good beer selection. I had the Veggie sandwich: roasted zucchini, red peppers, carrots and portobello mushrooms on wheatberry bread with hummus, feta, and oven-dried tomatoes...comes with chips or salad. LOVED it!  Only downfall is on a busy night where some folks are just there to drink, the setup of tables and standing room makes it difficult to navigate through.   Enjoy!
4	Tasty pub food.  Ask the bartender or server if the special is worth trying. They are typically frank and honest.
5	Matilda on tap. Hennepin on tap. Beer cheese and pretzels and pouitine we're phenomenal. Can't beat it.
4	I know it's just trying to be the Old Fashioned, but it does it pretty well. The food is generally pretty good, rich, fast, filling and casual. Brunch is surprisingly good, I especially enjoyed their holandaise sauce.    I've had a couple of misses from them, generally things like an untrained server, a menu item I just didn't care for their 'take' on, or being unable to find a seat sometimes and other times feeling like I've walked into a ghost-town bar.    Generally though the staff is friendly, the beer selection is decent, the food is classic midwestern comfort food meets scandanavian/germanic.     To sum up, a safe but unchallenging bet.
5	Great food and great service. Coming back.
4	The only reason it didn't get 5 stars was because of the noise. HUGE noise level on Friday night. Nice unique choices on the menus.
5	What a great dinner. It was me, my wife and our 8 yo son. We shared several different items. The lobster Mac while expansive had about half a lobster in that tureen and was delicious. Little one loved the mini hamburgers and the French onion soup was very flavorful.
4	We were in Madison to visit my daughter and enjoyed her recommendations on where to go.We had some sliders (called Wee Burgers) for appetizers.Beers were good.My bf enjoyed chicken breast soaked in beer brine, encrusted in pretzel with cream mustard sauce, with brussels sprouts and sweet potatoes.  My daughter enjoyed the Mussels. I ordered the Boston Wedge Salad with chicken which was very fresh and cool. I loved the pumpkin seeds and pickled grapes.. A really great touch.BF had the chocolate tart with sea salt and bourbon glaze.We had a lovely evening watching people on the sidewalk, across from the Capitol and just relaxing together on the last night of our visit.The staff were friendly and informative and on the ball.A perfect spot to represent Madison's great cafe atmosphere in summer.
5	Excellent beer/cider selection with many of them offered on tap. The food is original and delicious (I had the grilled cheese - a less exciting options I'll admit - which was phenomenal). The waiter I had was helpful & attentive. I'd highly recommend it as a dinner destination.
4	Stopped here a couple of times for lunch.  Seating can be a bit limited, crowded, too.  Service was decent, had the beef sandwich, portion sizes were reasonable and the food was quite good.  Definitely recommend and will be back.hint:  sit at the front window bar stools for faster seating, a view of the Capitol, and good people watching
4	The food/beer(huge list)/staff are always good. Would recommend the Chicken Curry. When I got it I was wondering where the fries were that came with it. They were under the chicken, vegetables and curry sauce. Almost like a poutine. Came with a large portion of chicken. Have never sat inside.  It looks small and table look close together. We'll see when it comes winter time for an update.
4	Tonight, I was down on state street and I googled "reuben sandwich Madison, WI." What came up first? The Cooper's Tavern. And let me tell you, the divine direction of the Google gods did not disappoint this girl. I ordered the reuben sandwich with Belgian frites on the side and magner's apple cider on tap.  The reuben is as good as they say. The flavors of corned beef, swiss, sauerkraut, and dressing blend to perfectly proportioned perfection. It's mellow, smokey, heaven on toasted rye bread. Here's the clincher: the sauerkraut is marinated in scotch. That's what sets the flavors over the top. I don't think I'll order the Magner's again. Just not a fan.On ambiance: it's long, narrow, warmly lit with candles. Everyone is seated close together. Due to the sandwich being so yummy, I'm sufficiently distracted from the guy at the bar yelling like a caveman at the Reds game.
2	Good beer, BUT bad, bad food. Had horrible poutine - which is sad considering that Wisconsin cheese curds should have been the bomb but instead were rubbery and tasteless. Tomato red pepper soup was inedible, salads were anemic. Everything else was microwaved and/or canned. Bills itself as a gastropub, but instead gave me gastroenteritis...
5	My favorite spot downtown. Great capital view, great food and beer selection.  Go here for my birthday every year. Only downsides are no reservations and parking if you don't live downtown.
4	"More than just a watering hole. Large selection of beers (28 on tap alone) and a interesting and flavorful menu. Sunday breakfast menu also provides selections for vegetarian and meatatarians as well.
3	Teetering on 3 or 4 stars, Cooper's Tav (it's what the cool kids call it) has a few things going, but a few things that have to go. Our server was a little leery at first about bringing us some samples of beer, but we later learned he was just so strapped for time, catering to a 21-yearold b-day party. He caved and brought over what we asked for. I didn't really care for mine, a sour that was more sweet than sour and served in a newly washed (read: still warm) shot glass. I decided to stick with what I know... Hopilicious. Now I had just had one, and this is crazy, so call me (out on it) maybe but the pint I had this afternoon at the brewery (more on that later) was so much better. Strange. As far as food goes I had the fish chips. Thumbs up for the fish, the chips not so much. I'm no tater hater, but these were soggy and cold. After reading about the twice fried situation they have going on I was sort of stoked to try them, but there tubers were not totally tubular. I'll head back and work my way through the menu. I'm convinced there has to be another Food Fight restaurant besides Monty's that's worth my time and my money.
2	cool place, food was ok... not great not terrible. Mussells were bland, despite the waitress doing a great job explaining how they are prepared... that cool egg , wrapped in meat and deep fried was fun, different and the mustard sauce was special.. we are a larger group so tried a lot... pretzel sticks were tasty.. service fair.. almost got 3 stars but not quite, and i would not rush back....
4	Pretty good food.  I had the beet hummus and a chicken sandwich.  I felt like the old lady in the Wendy's ad when I got my sandwich.  The bread was huge but the chicken was actually a serving.  I removed 3/4 of the bread and had a correctly portioned sandwich.  Some in my party had dessert.  The Guinness cupcake looked and was reported to be tremendous.
3	I swear to god...one of these days, Yelp will give us the option for half-stars. Until then, it's going to be three for me (whereas it would've been 3.5). I like Cooper's. Really, I do. The food is pretty solid, and so is the beer selection. The problem? Well, it's overpriced. A lot of their beers run $5+, and while that's a bargain price in DC or NY, this is Madison, and I don't expect to pay that much. Even their specialty selection, which usually has a sour or two, is way too much. The selection is good overall, but if I want to really go all out, I'll head over to Maduro or out east to The Malthouse. Now, the food? Well, as with most Food Fight places, it's hit or miss. Stealthily delicious hummus platter (I think it's beet hummus, but not sure), so-so sliders and so-so poutine (pronounced "Putin", believe it or not). Cooper's has a really cool atmosphere, but the meh quality of the food and pricey beer list is keeping me from giving it more than 3 stars. Would I hang out there? Absolutely, as long as I didn't plan on drinking a lot.
3	The food is ok. The portions are large. Service was great. The waitstaff was knowledgeable about the beer selection. They were also attentive even though it was really busy...this was a Wednesday mind you. I've only been here once because it's always packed on weekends and it's not the kind of place I would wait 30-45 minutes to dine at.I'm bumping the rating down from 4 to 3 because their taps aren't that impressive. They have good beer choices, but many of them are bottled beers.
4	My daughter and I were looking for a place for a snack and a late night drink on my recent visit to Madison. As we walked around the Capitol we struggled to find a place that wasn't so crowded and loud that we couldn't converse, but one that still have some energy and atmosphere. Then we happened upon Coopers. Full, but we were able to get a table. We had a fantastic waiter who made sure we had just what we wanted. Pretzel appetizer was exceptional and the drink selections perfect. We'll be back!
2	[This review is based on two meals, dinner last year and brunch last week.]Meal 1: DinnerI've stepped into Coopers a few times hoping to have a beer with some colleagues but it's always been so crowded that we've gone elsewhere.  Finally went for dinner tonight with my wife and was quite disappointed.  As many other reviewers have mentioned, Coopers has a horrible layout and always feels cramped, so we decided to sit outside, even though it was unseasonably chilly.Service: Ok.  The waitress was very nice, though she forgot to bring us water the first time we asked for it.  She also didn't tell us the specials (although the host had when we were looking at the menu and deciding whether or not to dine there, so perhaps he told her that ) but ultimately she redeemed herself (more on that later.)Drinks: My wife and I both ordered a mojito, even though it was pretty cold out.  Big mistake, and not just because of the weather.  The drinks were watery and the mint was wilting and brownish which made it seem like a large glass of rotting leaves.  But booze is booze and I could have overlooked this.Menu: Coopers has what looks to be an incredible menu.  There were a number of items that sounded really good and I was already plotting my return voyage while I was making my choice.  But alas...Appetizer: About four months ago I tried bone marrow for the first time at Graze and was absolutely blown away.  It was rich, decadent, and seemed to hold the very essence of beef in its silky embrace.  I don't know if Graze is just buying much better marrow bones or if their doing something in the preparation, but the marrow at Coopers was nothing like what I had at Graze.  It was flavorless and fatty, difficult to scoop out of the bone and disturbingly pink at points.  It came with only four small pieces of bread, so you had to slather an enormous amount on each one (which, by the way, so many restaurants do and i don't know why... bread is cheap.)Speaking of bread-- I appreciated that the waitress warned us that the appetizer would take 20 minutes to prepare (although I wonder why this isn't written on the menu).  I would have appreciated it even more if she would have offered us some bread or something to munch on while we drained our watery mojitos.  As it turned out, Coopers has some really good baguettes.  In any case, all that is a minor complaint compared to...The Entrees:1. Pork Belly Mac and Cheese-I ordered this one, and kind of liked the first bite.  But after two or three bites I just couldn't go in-- it was overwhelmingly sweet.  The pork belly sweetness would have been a good thing if it was offset by the sharpness of the cheddar.  But its not.  In fact, I'm not even sure that this was cheddar at all, though the menu claimed it was.  It tasted like the sweet ricotta filling that you get in a cannoli.  When my wife tried it she had the exact same experience.  She proclaimed the first bite to be "delicious," then put down her fork after two more, gagging on the sweetness.   2. Beef Stew on "Dumplings"My wife ordered this.  It was terrible.  Really, really terrible.  A thin layer of spaetzle is not what I (or anyone) would expect by "dumplings."  The beef looked like poop and didn't taste much better.The Resolution:The waitress came to the table when we had both eaten about 20% of our meal.  We said that we were finished and she asked if we would like our food wrapped up.  When we said no, she said that must be because we were so full.  No, I said.  The food just wasn't good.  She comped us for the entrees which was the right thing to do.MEAL #2: BrunchMy parents were in town and we were looking for  a place to grab brunch before we left.  Again, everything on the menu looked really good.  Again, it really wasn't.  I ordered eggs benedict.  I don't know how you could possibly make a hollandaise sauce that ins't tasty, but Coopers managed it.  The corn beef hash my dad ordered was also just bizarre-- it looked like little shreds of corn beef and was garnished, rather bizarrely, with fruit.The waiter was really fantastic and the atmosphere was nice, but once again the flavors just weren't there.I highly doubt we'll be going back.
4	The best rueben I've ever had so far. Beer selection was good and the crowd was lively.
4	Despite being known for it's pub status, I actually enjoy the food more than the brews at this locale. When it comes to brews, I'm partial to the Magner's Pear Cider, an Irish specialty, since it's hard to find and also quite delicious.I've been for dinner and brunch, and both have tasty food offerings. For dinner, I got the polenta and we sat outside. The entrees were all pretty stellar and the atmosphere was equally superb with the capitol lit up in the background.When we went for brunch, I got the sweet potato chili and the poutine benedict, both with their own quirks. First, the sweet potato chili was the perfect balance of sweet and spicy for a mid-morning fix. I secretly wished that I had just ordered a bowl of that for my meal, until the poutine came. The poutine benedict offered a unique, vegetarian spin on a dish that is normally drenched in gravy. Instead, this place throws two poached eggs on top and drizzles hollandaise over the fries. Genuis!The place is great for any occasion, but personally I'd recommend brunch for your first time.
3	I like this place for its brunch menu more than its pub scene. It's one of the better ones I've seen. I'm a fan of Cooper's Tavern's eggs benedict, salmon crepe, quiche, and banana bread french toast. I'm positive the other items on their brunch menu are great as well, but I haven't tried them all. Their poutine is pretty legit and the bloody mary definitely helps jump start the day.Don't hesitate; drop by for brunch instead of the usual.
4	4 Stars for the Beer Options.  I only stopped at this place briefly, but the beer choices were some of the best I've seen.  Not your typical bar.
2	I've eaten here twice and try not to go back.  I wish there were more decent dining options on the Square for entertaining out-of-town guests...Anyway, the first time I ordered the grilled cheese sandwich.  I don't really like grilled cheese and only order them when there are no palatable meat-free options.  It was the usual mess of grease on bread.  The highlight was the shot of harvest soup, but again that was only a shot.  The second time we came here was because The Old Fashioned was too busy.  I was fine with that because I'm not a fan of their food, but my friends were visiting and were really excited about the variety of cheese curds.To make up for the lack of cheese curds, we ordered the poutine.  Having traveled extensively in Canada, I can say this was a far cry from the original (true, we did get the gravy on the side).  The cheese was lumpy, waxy mess in the middle, and the fries were cold and soggy.  We didn't even finish them, and who doesn't finish their fries?!I really liked the Venetian Manicotti, though the buckwheat crepe was rather grainy.  That could be the nature of buckwheat, I'm not sure.  I'd definitely order it again, especially if I come here with someone I don't want to talk to.My friends all seemed reasonably pleased with their meals, though it was hard to tell because I couldn't hear a word they said.  Between the horrendous acoustics and multiple TVs (with the volume on!), my friends and I quickly learned any attempt at conversation was fruitless.  The whole meal made me feel sad and lonely, because I could see my friends but not talk to them.  It made us eat quickly and run out of there.  One positive note:  I think all the ambient noise mimicked the sounds of my friend's womb.  Her little baby slept through the whole meal.  It was quite nice for us grown-ups.  Too bad we couldn't talk to each other about how lovely it was to have adult conversation.I don't drink beer, so I ordered a Magner's.  It came in a pint glass, which I'm sure would have been appreciated if I were an alcoholic or like to consume 1500 calories per meal.  I drank less than half of it.  It would be nice to have smaller portions, for those of us who don't like to feel the need purge upon dining.
3	Hm. First I hit three stars, then four...and back to three. I've been here twice, once was intentionally for brunch, and another for lunch. I'd go again if someone suggested it, but it's not at the top of my list.Everyone seemed happy with their food choices, and the menu is interesting. My last dish was the sweet potato chili. Flavorful and spicy, but thick for my taste. Cornbread was less than memorable. Service was nice, and the food came out lickety-split. Also, the server didn't roll his eyes(can't say the same for myself) when my boyfriend's mom had to be explained what a "shot of soup" is. Um, it's a shot. Nope, not a small cup. It's a shot glass--and then she asked for a spoon for her shot. Oy. That alone almost deserves a star.
4	One of the more inventive menus I've seen at a tavern. The mustard sauce on the pretzel crusted chicken was delicious, but the Brussel sprouts were slightly disappointing.
4	We went to Coopers on Saturday because the go-to burger and fries place we had tried first is by the Kohl Center.  There was a game and it was wall to wall in there.We ended up having a better burger, better fries and great beer at Cooper's.We split the Cooper's burger which was just right for the two of us.  (My wife is a pretty light eater.)  The burger came with red onions, pork belly, pickles, and lettuce.  The bun was just right and meat was cooked perfectly.  The fries were plentiful and perfectly crisp on the outside, moist in the middle.  The aioli is tangy and light.Cooper's Tavern hit the spot just right for a Saturday burger lunch.
4	Now this is why I love Madison.This place serves up great food made of such quality ingredients. The menu is wonderful; each option sounded so absolutely mouthwatering that it took a lot of will-power for me not to order every single item on the menu...Ultimately, I resisted the urge and went for the pretzel chicken with butternut squash and brussel sprouts, and boy am I glad that I did. Both the chicken and the veggies were so perfectly cooked and so flavorful.I'm always afraid to order brussel sprouts when I eat out as they tend to be overcooked, BUT Cooper's Tavern served them up just right and they were quite deliciously prepared. I loved the fact that they weren't drowning in butter as most vegetable sides are when you eat out. They kept it plain and simple and let the freshness of the veggies supply the flavor--perfect.Not only was the food fantastic, but I loved the atmosphere/decor. It had a nice rustic feel too it that added a woodsy charm to the experience.The service was great as well: perfectly attentive, informative, and polite.Highly recommend this place.
4	We tried Cooper's for the first time this weekend and it was fantastic. A little crowded - but hey, it was Friday night. I highly recommend the ham sandwich on a pretzel bun. I do not recommend the pretzel breadsticks. The pretzel itself is fine - but the cheese dipping sauce is bland. We added salt to the sauce, which helped a bit. Still... I'd rather save the calories for the meal.We sat by the front window which was a great people-watching opportunity. The beer selection was good - but of course I'm lame and ordered my go-to beer: Lake Louie's Scotch Ale. You just can't beat it.We'll be back for sure.UPDATE: We tried Cooper's for brunch on a Saturday morning. It was so good we returned the following Saturday. Their breakfast sandwiches on giant English muffins are fantastic - and I highly recommend the banana bread french toast. YUM.
4	If you are looking for a place on State Street or the Capitol square that has locally sourced ingredients and a decent beer selection, this is the place.  The service was friendly and the food was good.  I've gone here for lunch and dinner and was not disappointed.  There are televisions in the bar area if you want to watch a game.  It's a nice place to go with friends, even if it does feel a little cramped.
3	This is a great place for groups, everyone else not so much. If you have a noisy, boisterous group of people that want very good food & a wide selection of excellent micro/import beers on tap, this is your place. The wait service is a little indifferent, but if your busy talking with your party, you won't notice. I would be interested to see if it would be different in the summer when they have outdoor seating.
4	Went for breakfast. Awesome food. We got to sit in the private room and enjoy friends' company. Great food and drinks.
4	We came on a Saturday night without reservations and only waited 20 minutes. The little wait was SO worth it because we were seated in the mini private room - complete with western swing doors and a personal server window via the bar! Super fun twist to a seemingly normal dinner. I had the mussels and was quite surprised by the size and quality! A full dinner plate of fresh mussels, all decently sized in medium sized shells, in a light sauce topped with fries and bread. Delicious. I definitely will be back the next time I'm in Madison!
3	I was here a few weeks ago, and had an overall good experience.  I had a Reuben sandwich which was done pretty well.  Perhaps on the smaller side of things, but good.  I had greens on the side, which were alright.  I also had a bloody mary, which was very good.  Served with a side of beer, Wisconsin style.The rest of my companions had good experiences as well.  We were seated in a little private room next to the bar which made the experience pretty unique.
3	I've been to the Cooper's Tavern 3-4 times, and my best experiences have been at brunch or lunch on weekends. First of all, yes, the poutine is amazing. How could it not be? On my most recent brunch trip, my friend was feeling torn between getting eggs benedict or poutine, until I pointed out that not ONLY is there something magical called a Poutine Benedict (think poutine with poached eggs and hollandaise), it's only $6! What a steal. And it's as great as you want it to be. My friend wisely asked for a side of gravy with hers, which I did not think to. We shared it the gravy with our respective poutine benedicts -- highly recommend the side of gravy, as there wasn't enough hollandaise to dip fries in. Also the gravy is just delicious.The tap list is always impressive, but the bloody mary I got failed to meet my expectations. It might have been strong, but it was watery and nearly flavorless. I don't know how that is even possible in a bloody mary?! Also, our service was pretty terrible. Among other things, I asked for hot sauce and didn't get it until 3/4 through the meal, after asking yet again. Our water glasses were also empty a lot. My dinner experiences are what drag my rating down from 4 to 3 stars. Most recently I ordered the pretzel crusted chicken, which came with butternut squash hash and a mustard cream sauce. The hash was delicious, but the chicken was super dry and hard. What made that worse, was that there was nowhere near enough mustard sauce to salvage the chicken, make it softer or more flavorful. In general, I just wish their menu was a little more extensive.My advice: go to Coopers for drinks and poutine, or for brunch -- but don't order the bloody mary. Come to think of it, my friend ordered and Irish coffee and wasn't too impressed with that either. I'd stick to beer.
4	You know you're in trouble when the beer menu is longer than the food menu. And when I say "trouble" you know I mean "paradise".   Our server was quite knowledgeable and was able to describe various beers and helped steer us towards things we'd like and may not have noticed or tried.The place was bustling with an energetic dinner crowd on a Tuesday night, but fortunately we were seated immediately. The interior is casual and charming, it feels inviting with the wood floors, old fashioned triple ceiling fan and brick walls.We started with the fresh baked soft pretzels ($3.95) which I can't say I'd try again.  They tasted more like simply bread sticks than pretzels.  Fortunately the pretzel roll served with the burger seemed much more on target!  Whew.  Being the family veg, I was pleased there were several vegetarian items on the menu, including several soup options (yay!). I opted for a bowl of the Sweet Potato Chili ($6.95) which was hearty and had enough (but not too much) of a kick.  While there were several vegetarian entrees (grilled veggie sandwich, grilled cheese, or venetian manicotti)  I elected for a salad (cue anti-climatic music).  Fortunately, my salad itself was not anti-climatic. The house salad ($5.95) was a perfect size and sported freshly grated Parmesan and croutons. AND a chunk of sourdough bread (yup, this on TOP of my cornbread with my soup - this carb lover's dreams DO come true!).  And true to form, the Mister declared his Cooper's Burger delish - I've been hearing about the "pork belly" topping ever since.  Ah yes, yet another place the vegetarian & carnivore can dine in peace.
3	Ok food, not so good service, great beer selection.I had some pretty good mussels and some severely under salted hummus and pickled vegetable appetizer. The mussels came in a tomato broth that tasted very close to Bloody Mary. And this is a good thing for me. The dips of the appetizers were basically un salted. Now it's not like I like salty stuff, but a touch of salt goes a long way to bring out flavor.The service was rather efficient in a let's get you out of here ASAP. They did not even ask if we wanted something else before bringing the bill! And they asked about credit card before we could even take it out.Plus they took the signed check before we left. Not a classy move.Anyway good place for a beer and a quick bite.
4	Cooper's Tavern is top-notch!!The beer selection is plentiful and our server knew about many of them, and was able to point us both in the right direction.The place was busy and continued to get busier while we were seated, however the service remained spot on. Loved the decor, the ceiling fans, the hardwood floors, the old time saloon feel!Though the pretzels are really nothing to "rave" about the Cooper's Burger more than made up for it. The pork belly added a little pop to the burger. My "better half" had a salad and a veggie chilli which were both very good as well. I love a place that has options for both of us and this is one of them.Keep up the good work Cooper's (but get rid of the pretzel stick things)!
4	The beer and liquor selection is fantastic (5 stars) with a very inviting bar and dining area (4 stars). We just beat the dinner rush on a Thursday night with the dining room filling up by 6 pm. The food is just OK, really nothing that impressed us too much (3 stars). Overall, I will be back for the beer selection and fun Irish gastropub type atmosphere.
5	the soup is still amazing, the fish and chips are still amazing, and we also tried the pretzel sticks which were VERY good as well - more bready than pretzely tasting, but still very yummy.  i had the venetian manicotti which was good but reminded me of something SO familiar that i couldn't place, that i was more frustrated than anything with it.. ha.
4	From 3 to 4 stars and I'll give ya 2 reasons why,then 1 reason why it's not a 5... yet. 3-to-41. One of the better burgers on The Square. (When you take Tornado out of the equation.) Juicy, loaded if you want, nice bun that holds up to monstrous meat. 2. Left Hand Milk Stout on tap with the imprint of a left hand in the heady foam. (Score!) Seriously. I know it won't be around for long, seems like an awesome winter brew maybe not something to guzzle come June, but man, it's a good thing. 1-from-5Variety is the spice of life. So switch it up yo. I find the menu a bit limiting and wish it rotated, I'd probably be by more if there were reason (foodish reasons).
4	A year after first visiting, Cooper's has definitely gotten some upgrades! They do offer a little over 20 taps (many local ones), which is more than a lot of restaurants can offer. The beer selection is nicely cultivated as well. I had a lovely IIPA from the Great Dane. The server told me that the Great Dane (a Madison brewpub) only distributes their beer to Cooper's as well as serving it at their own establishments. Pretty cool!They also expanded so they have another floor, which means a shorter wait time. The upstairs is beautifully renovated. Since I was attending for a graduation dinner, the owner kindly welcomed us -- a very nice gesture, and escorted us to our table himself. The menu was fairly limited (perhaps because of graduation), but everybody seemed to find something they enjoyed. I got the mussels and they were nicely prepared with lots of garlic. A few of the people I was dining with said the fish fry was excellent as well...next time.Service was great once again! The servers did well serving our table of 20 plus!
3	I was in Madison for business by myself and was looking for a spot to just chill out after a long day of meetings. So, based on the recommendation of a local, I headed over to Cooper's. Nice, cozy space--and it wasn't crowded when I was in there. I didn't go with beer on this visit; however, the beer list is really as extensive as everyone says. I did, however, go with a cider. A 22oz delicious cider. I wish I could remember the name....but it eludes me.Now, onto the food. WI is known for it's cheese. Hardcore. Looking over the menu, I was torn between the poutine, bone marrow, pork belly mac and cheese, the reuben and the grilled cheese. I struck up a convo with the bartender....and asked for his recs. He fell heavy on the mac and cheese--even noting that it was featured on the show "The Big Cheese." My response? I'm from New Haven, dude....the cheese shop (and restaurant, Caseus--yum!)  the host of "The Big Cheese" owns is in my town. So, pork belly mac and cheese it was....and bone marrow. Because, really, who can resist marrow when it's on the menu.The marrow was melt in my mouth delicious. I could have eaten two more, easily. The mac however....after all the talking up that was done...was disappointing! The pork belly was way overcooked (what!). While the combo of cheese used was good, there was something almost...sweet, to the whole dish that just didn't work. Considering the glaze on the belly was Guinness...who knows where that came from.While I won't hesitate to stop back in for the rocking service (seriously, such great bartenders!) and interesting menu next time I'm back in Madison...I won't be trying that mac again. Definitely a good chill spot, though!
4	Good and consistent. A little small, so it's hard to get a seat on the weekends. They have very flavorful fish and chips.
2	So, I ate here last night as part of the Madison Fair Share fundraiser dinner and my group was very excited. We paid $50 for our tickets which included 3 courses - each paired with a beer from One Barrel Brewing. What could be better than a menu that is hand crafted from local ingredients that were grown and brewed around Madison, right? Well, unfortunately for us it was a huge disappointment. We had an appetizer that consisted of shredded cucumber, a rich buttery sauce, and nice pieces of bread. Very delicious and refreshing.The first course was braised rabbit served on a bed of RPs fettuccine with a creamy mushroom and beer sauce. This was really delicious, especially whatever crispy things they put on top. The only complaint is that it was, at best, lukewarm when we received it. The beer was very delicious - an American Pale Ale.The second course was where things went wrong. Strangely enough, they served us salad after the main course. It consisted of a pile of pickled vegetables, including pickled morel mushrooms, rhubarb, radish, and asparagus. It was served on a bed of greens with an ipa vinaigrette. Now, I was very excited about this dish at first - I LOVE pickled stuff. I thought the idea of pickled morels was very exciting and interesting. Unfortunately, everything about the dish was absolutely overwhelming and rather cringe worthy. The vinaigrette mixed with the pickling brine made our eyes water, the anise was confusing and disgusting (admittedly, this may be a personal preference, but we all disliked it), and the greens were overshadowed by all of this. I wish this had been A. served before the main dish, B. had fewer pickles OR a less intense vinaigrette, and C. had more greens to even it all out. The beer with this one was also a loser for us - but we don't like IPA, so that is hard to gauge. The third and final course was a dessert consisting of a strawberry and rhubarb sauce, a key-lime curd, and a rather odd white puffy thing resembling a cham tort. None of us finished it. It was insanely sweet, the white puffy thing was kind of gross, and it was just not satisfying. The beer served with this was really rather ghastly as well - it was a wheat beer and it seriously tasted like cigarette ash. We each managed to take 2 or 3 sips to try and figure out what it was we were tasting, but after that couldn't take another drink. I would rather drink budweiser or old milwaukee, which is just about the worst insult I can give to a beer.Final comments: I had a really delicious old fashioned (brandy, sweet), and the service was really great. The wait staff were really on top of things, and the owner was out there busting his butt, too. I will consider going back for their regular food some day, I just hope this poorly executed menu was a fluke rather than the norm. In the end, it helped support a group I think is doing really great things and I am happy I did it, I just wish it had been a little better.
3	I was really excited when the Coopers Tavern opened, but after a few visits, I'm a touch underwhelmed. However, they still have fairly good food and beers at a convenient location (with a beautiful view of the Capitol, I might add), so while I don't crave it, I'll probably return for beers and a bit every now and then.The interior is really small, crowded, and loud. I purposely avoid the place when they have live Irish music because it's completely deafening and makes it impossible to talk to anyone. There's often a line on busy nights, and there isn't much room inside for it to grow, so I avoid it more during the winter. In the spring and summer, there's a large, pleasant outdoor patio, which is a significantly more enjoyable area to have a meal and drinks. The bathrooms are clean and well-stocked. If you're going with a group of friends, see if you can use the snug; it's like a tiny bar-within-a-bar that's walled-in and much quieter with seating for up to about 8 people. There's a tiny window that opens onto the bar, making it really easy to place drink orders with a bartender. It's a much more pleasant experience. I notice that their website says they've opened up the second floor Thursday-Saturday 4:30-midnight when there isn't a private event, so maybe this will help with the crowding and noise issues.The staff is friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable about the menu. They're prompt and attentive, and make sure to check that you're enjoying your food and drinks. Nothing but kudos all around for those guys.The tap beer list is seasonally rotated and extensive; it's full of great beers from local microbreweries as well as some other not-so-local yet delicious beers. The bottle beer list is as long as my arm and full of some fantastic choices. I haven't had wine or mixed drinks here, though; the beer selection is always too tempting to pass up. The food is really hit-or-miss. The Belgian frites with malt vinegar aioli are crispy and hot with a good hit of salt, and the aioli is a perfect compliment of acidity with a smooth edge. The poutine, although very salty, is a great winter dish, but far too heavy for a summer evening. The roasted bone marrow is extremely rich. The overriding taste is just pure fattiness. I like fat as much as the next person, but I had to ask for more bread because it's difficult to eat in large quantities at once. It works better as a shared dish. The mussels du jour are a crap shoot, since they are prepared differently every day. I steer clear of the days when they're steamed in beer (especially Guinness), because they taste extremely sour to me. They used to also have a chips and chicken curry plate, which I loved, but it seems to have been taken off the menu.Overall, if I'm in the area and it isn't too busy, it's worth the occasional stop, but with so many other good restaurants in the vicinity, it's definitely not an overriding favorite.
5	In loooove. Especially with the frites (and that aioli?!) and the southwestern Caesar salad - it tastes like guacamole and a Caesar salad mixed together. Amazing. Service is always attentive and friendly. Prices are reasonable, too; I got a great, filling lunch with a friend for $10 each.
3	The host and waitstaff here were incredibly friendly and competent.  The decor of the place is super cool.  The beer list is amazing.  I don't even like beer, but the waitress suggested Hennepin, which she described as "Spotted Cow on steroids" (I like spotted cow) and it was fantastic.We started with the poutine.  It was sort of a mess.  It was fries with gravy and melted cheese curds on top.  We didn't get silverware right away, so it was a mess to eat.  I got the burger and husband got the reuben.  We ate the burger there, were full, and took the reuben home.  Burger was cooked PERFECTLY.  It was actually medium as ordered.  Pork belly and cheese on top.  It was awesome.Reuben was ok, didn't like the kraut soaked in beer.  Couldn't really taste the swiss or the sauce.Overally, the food and service were pretty good.  The main reason for three stars is the food was salty.  And I am a girl that likes salt, so if I'm saying it's too salty, that means something.  We would go back though.
2	I really wanted to enjoyed this place. I really want to enjoy every place I go to but this place made it hard. Initially we attempted to go to the Old Fashioned but there was a 45 minute wait and I am totally not about 'that life'.  The man suggested going to Coopers instead and I thought it was a good choice , at first.  They do have  an expansive beer selection and though I am far from a beer connoisser I found a rasberry one that I really enjoyed.  The food at this place is a little meh though.  We ordered an egg roll dish with mash potatoes and roast beef that was okay but it was deep fried and it's hard to go wrong with deep fried.  To combat that I ordered a salad.  The salad was fine but I would have preferred a little less salad dressing on it as the lettuce appeared to be wilted from all the salad dressing.  The man got mussels, he gets these everywhere now!  I don't think he wanted admit it but he did not like them that much.  He kept mentioning that they were okay but he wished they had more flavor. All in all I would go back to this place, not to eat, but to try more beers on their menu.  It's kind of a shame because with more effort put into the food this place could be a real winner.
5	Amazing food, amazing service! My party of 7 was seated in the little private room off the bar, where we were served through a window by the bartender. Maybe not for everyone, but I loved the ambience and the bartender was very friendly and attentive.One of our appetizers was late due to a kitchen mistake, and the house gave it to us for free in addition to giving us 2 free desserts! I am new to the Midwest and have never experienced such excellent service. It was absolutely unprecedented but so appreciated. I also loved how their vegetarian entree option wasn't the standard boring roast vegetables but a delicious mushroom manicotti. I would recommend if to omnivores as well, it was incredible! The walnuts were an extremely tasty touch to an already tender and flavorful dish. This is one of the best restaurants I have ever been to and it has made me excited to return!
2	Good service, great beer selection, bland food
4	Coopers Tavern is solid. Solid food, solid menu, good beer selection, soccer on TV. It is not amazing but it never disappoints. It is like your friend who is very trustworthy but not crazy. Supposing,  that is, that this friend is English.
4	Still good pub food.I recently tried the fish fry.. mmm mmm mmm. I LIKE IT~! nice fresh fish, but really the batter was kinda thick and flimsy.. at least the flavor was there. The stuffed grilled cheese was really good too.AND POUTINE! I don't understand why it is so rare in Madison to get Poutine. The gravy sauce and melted cheese on fries? mmm mmm so goooooddd!It's still crowded and packed, but the wait has improved for food to be served after ordering! Good job, Cooper's crew!
4	This bar is gorgeous!  In my two months here so far, this is my favorite in Madison and I've been to quite a few.  The servers are very nice, the menu is amazing and did I mention this place is gorgeous!  Sadly, the only reason I cannot give Cooper's five stars is because my food today was just too greasy-I ordered the breakfast sandwich and the "English muffin" was nothing of the sort.  It was very greasy, with two greasy eggs and a slice of cheese. The side salad was boring, tasteless and plopped on the plate in a giant mess of a heap.  I have to say I would not order this dish again.  However, my husband's vegetarian scrambler with wheat toast and potatoes was pretty delicious.  I'll get that next time:)
4	This restaurant on the Capital Square is a must go! I have been for breakfast on a Saturday morning it it was fantastic!! I have also been for lunch and I must say the selection is great.  I had a Great grilled chicken on a salad that was perfect.  The person I was with got a Ham Sandwich and let me juts tell you this sandwich was one of the best sandwiches I have ever tasted.  The freshness of all the food makes this place an A+++ Great place to relax and sit outside and enjoy the square. Service was good, friendly and helpful staff.  Must go!
2	The plus: I had a delicious dinner of pretzel-crusted chicken with a hash made of brussels sprouts and squash.The diappointments: Seating and service. Seating: I was part of a group of 10 that was seated in the "snug," a little wooden cubby off the bar. The table would seat six appropriately, not 10, and the stools we sat on were low and uncomfortable. With ten people in there, the voices bounced off the sides and made for a loud and irritating space. What's more, every time someone needed to get out of the space to go to the bathroom, those at the table between them and the entrance to the snug needed to get up and step outside the space, then repeat when they returned. What a bad concept!Service: The bartender, who served us through a window in one of the walls, seemed to rely on charm rather than knowledge or good service. I indicated that I was thinking about having the reisling with my dinner and asked if he thought that was a good pairing. His response was that it was good becuase red would be ordered with red meat. (If he thinks that's what makes a good wine pairing, he is really ignorant and should not work at a bar that serves only beer and wine!) It didn't matter, though, because I never got my wine. He spent at least five minutes telling us why separate checks might not be possible, then provided them anyhow.  (Either you do or don't -- make up your mind. Personally, I understand why a server would not provide separate checks and I would not have even asked, but someone else in the group did.) His recommendations of items on the menu seemed entirely based upon telling us about the awards that the pub had gotten. I was not impressed.In addition, being served through a window at the end of the table meant that all food and drinks needed to be passed down the table to those of us at the other end; the same with dirty dishes/glasses. Annoying.I was SO glad to leave that noisy, crowded, and poorly served place. I felt like I was bursting into freedom as I left the restaurant. A good piece of chicken does not make up for the unplesantness.
3	I went here a couple of weeks ago and really enjoyed the view of the capitol building from the outdoor seating. Definitely a great place if you have people visiting for the view. It looked like they had a pretty good selection of beverages however I did not try any this time.I did have the Pretzel Encrusted Chicken which was just okay. By all means not horrible but it did not make me want to get it a second time if I were to return. The service was good so I don't hesitate to make another visit.
4	The steak frites was melt in your mouth delicious. Great booze selection too. Everyone was very happy with their food. Only downside is the space and the noise level is quite high. Will most definitely be back!
4	I love Coop's! It's one of my go-to places for a dinner downtown with friends. They have a great beer selection, and the waitstaff is happy to bring you a sample of anything you've not had before.As simple as it is, I love their grilled cheese and harvest (tomato and red pepper) soup in the cooler months. Thick, crusty bread with a few different cheeses and hot soup to dip in-- perfect comfort food. When opting to go a little healthier, I love their sweet corn Caesar salad. It's flavorful, with green onions and red and poblano peppers on top, along with sweet kernels of fresh corn. In the past, when I've added chicken, there was one time that it was over-salted, but I've ordered it at least a dozen times, so I forgave it as a fluke.Everything else has been wonderful too, they have a delicious selection of sandwiches, and their dinner entrees have been great too. Seating can get cozy when they're busy, but it's never bugged me. And if you have a group of 5-8 people, see if you can get the snug! It's a really interesting and fun dining experience, as long as you're ok with sitting on benches.
5	Cooper's is my favourite Madison pub by far,With great food and drink at their long wooden bar,They show all of the Liverpool games,Know all of their regulars names,And are fully deserving of their fifth pointy star!
4	The atmosphere of the restaurant is beautiful, the food is great, and moderately priced. It was a great place to grab lunch in the middle of the week. Beware, it can get quite busy, and there's a good reason for that.
4	Cooper's is very hip, with a great beer selection and gastronomic food.  Well, let's qualify the food statement...I had the Mac and cheese with pork belly, which sounded phenomenal on paper, but in actuality was a bit disappointing.  The pork belly--it sounded wrong to begin with, but I thought "OK it could be brilliant"--was really at odds with the mac.  AND my mac'n'cheese is way better.  BUT, that being said...Coop's is a way-cool place to hang out.  :
4	I was surprised to see such mixed reviews on this place!  I am generally a fan of food fight restaurants so I went in expecting great food and service, and I wasn't disappointed!  We went on a Thursday evening so we expected a wait but easily got spots at the bar to grab a brew while we waited.  The list of drafts was excellent and I found a new favorite here....Weinstephaner Vitus which is the oldest brewery in the world and this is the only place in Wisconsin the Vitus brew is served on tap...and it's amazing!  Our wait was about 30 minutes which was nice, and we got a great table.  It's loud in here but full of energy, maybe don't bring your grandma!  We had their version of a reuben and the macaroni and cheese and both were fantastic!  We also started with the pretzels, which I could have skipped but they weren't horrible.  Our service was good and attentive and the ambiance is cozy and bustling!  Definitely looking forward to going back!
4	Nice little place by the capitol. Great place to grab some drinks or get some brunch. Other than brunch, the only time I had food was when we had to get an appetizer to drink our beers at a table. Didn't really feel like getting any food at the time.. but we ended up getting pretzels and cheese or something.. and it was not worth its price. at all. Brunch is good. I got the breakfast sandwich on one occasion and a benedict on another. I was satisfied. I just love the atmosphere and I think if I went for dinner when I was hungry I would have a different review in terms of food. They have the left handed milk stout draught, which is my fave. One thing I wasn't a big fan of was that they would constantly ask us if we wanted to order any other drinks or food.. to the point where it felt a little pushy. It passed the point where they are asking to provide good service. I want to give it 3.5 stars, but I bumped it because of the atmosphere and pretty satisfied brunch experience. It's a little more than A-OK.
5	Food was amazing. Had the chicken thigh pot pie and Belgium frites. Absolutely perfect. The drink menu had a little bit of everything.  Sat upstairs because the downstairs was packed and had a great time. Staff was attentive and friendly.
5	What a great experience!  Our group of 50 people, in town for a corporate sales dinner, was displaced after another local restaurant "forgot" about our reservation.  We were welcomed without hesitation and the staff made us feel at home and they took great care of us.  Their upstairs room is awesome and everyone enjoyed their meals.  What could have been a big bust of a night was saved by the friendly staff, yummy food and great atmosphere at The Coopers Tavern!
5	Waiter was friendly and accommodating. The best service!! Food (hamburgers and fries) was the best! I would give my highest recommendation based on the waiter alone.
5	I've been to Cooper's a lot and have always been happy! I came here for brunch and had the daily quiche - glazed carrots, arugula, and feta. It was delicious! We got to sit in the private room in the back that is connected to the bar, which is my favorite place to sit. The waiter takes your order and gives you your food through a window from the bar. The room is very intimate and quiet, which is great for groups of 5-8 people. I've also been here for dinner a few times, and loved it every time. The food is very affordable for the quality, and the location is really convenient. They also have a huge selection of beers and wines.If you come at night on a weekend, they open the upstairs room, which is another bar area. I came here with a big group, and there was a large table that could fit all of us. I love coming here, and highly recommend it!
3	Went for lunch on Sunday. I'd almost give it 3.5 but it is not quite there yet to give it 4. The food is good but not so good I'd recommend it to others when there are better places around the square (Graze, Merchant, etc). The cider on draft was very good and they have a nice selection of beers. The bartender was not overly interested or friendly so that was a partial disappointment.Our table was right by the door so every time someone walked in I was blasted with cold air. Not sure if anything can be done about it, but it made my dining experience less pleasant. We got the beer cheese pretzels. They were very good but the portions were kind of small. I saved the leftover cheese to dip my fries in.Two of us shared the burger and they did a nice job splitting it. The homemade chips were quite tasty as well.Overall, it is a good place and a decent choice. I went once a year ago and had their fish and chips (Old Fashiioned had an 1.5 hr wait so we went to Coopers instead). I don't feel you'll get a bad meal there. I just have not have such a stellar experience that I would make it top of my list.
4	Great place to eat fresh food and drink good beer while watching "real football." The weekends are perfect to sit, relax and watch a game there if you follow the European football leagues
4	The Cooper's Tavern has become a signature spot I recommend to Madison visitors and natives alike. The beetroot hummus is a relatively healthy, yet totally delectable appetizer go-to, but I recently tried the Roast Beef Rockets that are served with their chipotle aioli and all I can really say is DO IT! You won't be disappointed. The crisped goat cheese on the already perfect Amy's salad is a "guilty" pleasure for which I advise you forgo the self-condemnation because they do it oh-so-right and it's oh-so-worth it.
4	If you're near the square swing into coopers, friendly staff and the owner is a really nice and genuine guy!  Great tap beer selection too.
4	This is a review of the vegetarian offerings a Cooper's. I stopped in for a late morning brunch today and was surprised to find Cooper's was relatively empty. There was a soccer game on TV and a dozen fans sprinkled around the bar, but there were open tables galore. SCORE!Vegetarian options here are pretty plentiful. Several vegan dishes are possible with a helpful waiter and some small tweaks. For veg heads:Breakfast-y:-breakfast sandwich (eggs, cheddar, spinach on english muffin)-vegetarian scrambler (changes daily, today it was eggs and a combination of veggies and feta)-oatmeal brulee (oats and apples with custard under a sweet crust)-banana french toast (banana bread in a brown sugar custard served with maple syrup and fruit)-granolaLunch-y:-hummus appetizer (beetroot hummus topped with olives, feta, chive oil, and crispy chickpeas served with lavash crackers)-sweet potato chili (roasted sweet potatoes and black beans with chipotle, topped with dubliner cheddar, sour cream, and scallions. Comes with cornbread)-several salads-veggie sandwich (roasted zucchini, red peppers, carrots and portobello mushrooms on wheatberry bread with hummus, feta, and oven-dried tomatoes)-grilled cheeseToday I got the sweet potato chili sans dairy toppings to make it vegan and it was really delicious. Spicy and super flavorful! I'll be back just to have a heaping bowl of the stuff. In the past I've gotten the veggie sandwich (very solid), and the hummus appetizer (great for sharing and lots of tasty items to nosh in the arrangement).Overall I give Cooper's 4 out of 5 for veggie options at an omnivorous hangout. There are some solid ones, including a couple creative items like the oatmeal brulee. It would be fantastic to see a meat-free burger of some sort, but in the mean time Cooper's is doing a pretty good job.
4	One of my favorite restaurants downtown near the square. The place is usually really busy downstairs, but there's almost alwasy room in the new upstairs, but beware that the menu up there is limited!Great beer selection and they make a good old fashion. The food is constantly good and fresh! It can be a little spendy for casual dining, but the dishes are fresh, local and you are right downtown with views of the capitol.
1	I don't normally leave reviews, but I feel as though I'm performing a community service by urging others to avoid this place.The beer selection:  It certainly seems robust, except for the fact that what you want is nearly guaranteed to have "just run out."  Nowhere else in town do I find it necessary to pick 3 beers when I sit down just to ensure they will actually have what I want stocked.The food... yikes.  Well it's not cheap, for one thing.  Sandwiches run about 10 dollars each and come with only a small amount of (what looks like your standard grocery store bagged) spring mix greens or chips.  Frites are an option, for an extra $2 (!!!).  The standard dipping sauce for the fries is a malt vinegar aioli, which had the exact aftertaste of spoiled milk and received universally negative reviews from my dining companions.  Let's get to the main events:My first entree was the pork belly mac.  Plating:  Messy, no appealing colors or garnish.  Pork belly was splash of dark on the light colored mac.  Boring.The pork belly:  An incredibly small amount for $14, and ALL fat--no thin strip of delicious bacony meat as you'd normally expect.  It was also burned (properly cooked it's crisp, not charcoal) on both sides but lukewarm and gelatinous on the inside.  The mac:  Sauce was awful.  The dubliner cheddar in the sauce made for a grainy texture with very little flavor.  In fact at many times the dominant taste was flour... someone evidently needs to work on their roux.  You can't be making such a sub par cheese sauce in the CAPITAL OF WISCONSIN.  C'mon.My next visit, I got the chicken sandwich.The chicken:  Rubbery on the inside, tough on the outside but with no sear whatsoever on this "pan-seared" chicken.  I'm not even sure how to achieve this texture... steaming? Microwaved?The bread:  Toasted sourdough.  Half inch thick slices of hard, toasted bread saturated with butter or some kind of oil.  The thickness of the bread made it very difficult to eat.  Diagonal slices, please.  The roof of my mouth thanks you in advance.The accoutrements:  While technically there, the bacon, avocado, butter lettuce and cheddar toppings were not present in sufficient quantity to contribute anything to the taste of the sandwich, really unfortunate; it was this combination of toppings that actually drew me to the sandwich.  The chipotle mayo added a nice hint of smokiness, and was the only positive part of the experience.DESPITE the truly mediocre food, the service has been fantastic here every time I've gone.  The servers seem genuinely apologetic about the food and very knowledgeable about the beers they DO have that might be SIMILAR to what I actually wanted.Suffice to say, I likely won't go back here again.  Maybe, just maaaybe for a beer if I'm joining friends, but when it comes to food you can do MUCH better literally anywhere else.
2	Pros: Cool atmosphere. Great beer/drink selection. Fun location.Cons: We waited forever for a table. There's no good waiting space. We ordered a cheese plate and it was sooooo sad. The presentation was terrible. Our friend ended up with a terrible case of food poisoning from their Flank Steak "special".I like this place for the drinks and their patio is lovely when the weather is good. But...I don't think I'll ever return for the food.
5	I came here between 5-7 times within a month's time, so I have a pretty good idea of what they have and more importantly, the consistency of the food.Firstly, the food is freaking amazing. Probably because anything with beef and/or cheese is out of this world in Wisconsin, compared to California. My favorites were the Fish and Chips, and the Rocket Sliders (by a landslide).Secondly, they have an ever-rotating selection of micro-brews that were unlike most of the stuff I can get back in California, especially one of the most amazing beers I've had the chance to taste - Kentucky Breakfast Stout.Overall, this was my staple go-to restaurant, and sometimes find myself missing it.
4	Coopers always delivers. The soup is different daily and delicious each time. Did I mention the vast array of beer? One more great thing. Coopers is well known throught the community for connecting the community to its farmers!
4	One of the best pub food places around. Since it is so good, it is naturally very busy, I avoid the peak hours to skip the wait.I don't usually dine in pubs, but my friend recommended this place and since then I found myself bringing other friends along again. I tried their coopers burger, the combination of beef, pork belly and cheddar is really creative and gives it a nice finish. The beef is soft and juicy to bite into, perfect for a burger. Their home made chips are also another highlight not to be missed. If you are craving a lot of meat, the pork schnitzel comes with a hhuuuuugggeeee slab of loin, nicely fried till crispy yet tender on the inside. The pork belly mac is also a creative combination -- mac and cheese with pork belly. I have never seen it anywhere else. Appetizer wise, I tried the poutine and sconnie egg. The servings are huge and definitely worth a share at the table. I always ended up half full from the appetizers alone and had to pack half the main course to go. Great dining deal with great food =)
5	This is the best place on the Capitol Square! Staff is very helpful and friendly, while the food is fresh, local and reasonably priced. I frequent Cooper's a lot for the friendly service and the great beer list!
4	The highlight of coopers for me are always the specials. For example the beer mac and cheese that was on special because of beer week was fantastic. What sets this mac and cheese apart from seemingly similar dishes at The Old Fashioned or The Great Dane? At Coopers they take it over the top with the inventive ingredients. It starts with a stout gruyere cheese sauce. Next comes mushrooms, spinach, sun dried tomatoes and topped with still more gruyere. The only reason I didn't give Coppers 5 stars was because If I look at the meal as a whole the frites where a little under seasoned relying heavily on the malt vinegar aioli.
5	What a local gem! I was so happy that my path led me right to this Tavern. Something about it caught my eye as I was sightseeing in Madison and I am so glad it did. I sat at the window looking out onto the Capitol grounds as I ate the most delicious pork sandwich and homemade potato chips. The deconstructed presentation of the sandwich may have been what made this dish work so well. The perfect blend of tangy and sweet. I'm a fan! Too bad I was only in Madison for a few hours!
3	I went to Cooper's Tavern on a friday evening and was not as satisfied as I hoped. The service was great and my party of 2 got a table quickly,  however we were sat right next to the kitchen and all the tables were very close together. As for the food, I ordered the poutine as an appetizer and the brisket sandwich as my meal. The two were brought out withing minutes of each other making the appetizer irrelevant.  The appetizer was coldish and no wherd close to as good as it sounded on the menu. The brisket sandwich was giant and paired with a small salad. The meat was tender but lacked flavor. The redeeming quality of the sandwich was the bacon aioli used. Yum yum yum!! I would probably order just bread and aioli rather than thr whole sandwich.Next time, if there is a next time, I think ill order their burger or fish. They both looked much better than what I had.
4	I'd been to the Cooper's Tavern once, but it was a long, long time ago, in a galaxy far, far awa-- no, wait, that's something else. But, yes, I'd been here back in 2010 for a drink with my boss, so it's been quite a while since my last visit.Arrived around 6:00pm on Sunday, the last day of Craft Beer Week.+ Plenty of seating available; grabbed two seats at the bar+ Prompt service by the bartender+ Very clear and easy-to-read tap list, with stemware & ABV info on the board+ Reasonably priced, high quality, unique beers, served properly+ Very interesting menu - tons of options, everything sounded great+ Pretzel sticks were fresh, airy, and perfectly salted- Queso was a bit thin, watery, and not super flavorful+ Mustard on the side was *hot* - but very good. Note: a little goes a long way- $5 for 3 smallish pretzels was a bit steep+ Frites were *superb* - perfectly crisp, perfectly salted, very tasty+ Malt vinegar aioli was outstanding - nice hit of tang/sour+ Pork-belly mac-n-cheese was good, but not as great as some of the other stuff, which is a shame because on paper, it looked like a sure-thing.+ Excellent pasta + Cheese was a bit light on flavor; salt perked-it-up+ Pork belly was nicely seared and a generous cut- Pork belly sauce was so insanely sweet and maple-tasting it overwhelmed everythingAll-in-all, this was an outstanding experience, and I'll definitely be back to the Cooper's Tavern. I can't wait to sit out on the sidewalk, imbibe a few of those excellent brews, and enjoy some more items from the menu.
3	Not sure about this place.  Not the best service.  I understand not wanting people, who aren't eating, to use up your tables when busy.  But when 3/4 of the place is empty - don't make it a point, when we come in, to tell us to sit at the bar.   Though the drinks were great, it took a bit too long for the bartenders to notice us.  You would think that sitting behind the beer pulls would show that we are REALLY into beer...
4	Pork Belly Mac. Best thing on the menu. Great beer selection too. The mussels are good too!The place is always busy and takes no reservations. The upstairs room has never been open when we go, don't know of anyone else has had that experience.
3	I probably built this place up in my mind too much before I ended up here. It's been awhile since I've been to Canada and I've been having a craving for poutin. After consulting Yelp I found this place as somewhere in the US I might go for my fix. Since I had a business trip planned to Milwaukee it wasn't much more of a drive to get to Madison. I figured if there was a place outside of Ontario or Quebec to get good poutin it had to be Wisconsin, home of the cheese curd. So on a rainy afternoon I headed to Madison. The first bringdown about this place is its location so close to the capital. Trying to park anywhere near Cooper's is a pain. And when it's raining it's even worse. Having finally found parking I then ran in the rain to get to the restaurant. I get in, am immediately seated and get a menu. A big positive  for the place is its beer selection. I was able to get a draft of a California beer I like cheaper there than when I am in California. I ordered poutin and sliders from the menu. The poutin came out first and my heart sank after seeing it. It was made with YELLOW cheese curds and the gravy was like a light brown sausage gravy. Most horrible. EVERYBODY knows poutin is made with WHITE cheese, mozzarela, montery jack or even cheddar, and a thick BROWN gravy. Broke my heart when it came out. The taste wasn't much better. The gravy and fries were barely warm so the cheese couldn't melt which made the whole thing an unappetizing mess. The sliders weren't bad but I hadn't come for the sliders. After eating I trudged back to my car in the rain. Pricewise not bad for beer but a bit pricey for the quality (or lack thereof) of the food. 3 stars for the good beer price.
5	The good was delish. The staff friendly. The host was crazy hot I mean damn. Anyway I regress. Had brunch there didn't even know it existed until a friend mentioned it. Outdoor seating. Great people watching. And an interesting menu.
4	I always enjoy coopers!  They make an amazing Pimms cup...mmmm.  Food has always been really good as well. However, my only complaint is the scruffy looking angry male bartender who ruins the ambience in this place.  He either needs to work in a cubicle with no contact with people or have the extremely large stick up his butt surgically removed.  All other staff has always been awesome!
3	The food was decent but the service was just okay. Our server just had too many tables. We had to wait a long time to pay but the wait for our food was not long at all.  We will probably go back when they are less busy.
5	Cool atmosphere ("coolest" fans I've ever seen in a restaurant ;) and delicious lunch! My only gripe is that I love Amy's Salad so much that I find it hard to branch out on the menu (not to say that everything else I've tried has been wonderful too).
1	We ordered the poutine. No gravy and was flavorless! Beer pretzels were gross!!! Ran out of Caesar dressing so couldn't get a salad. Bottom line, don't come here for the food. Just the beer and cute wait staff.
1	My boyfriend and I went to Cooper's for a late supper (10:00 on a Sunday night) a couple weeks ago, and didn't want to bother a server with a table that late, so we took a seat at the bar where we got the worst service I have ever had.The bartender (and I believe shift manager from the looks of it) was absolutely hammered. Throughout the night he spilled multiple drinks and broke at least a dozen glasses. He was loud and obnoxious and was making multiple diners uncomfortable from the looks of it. He was incredibly rude to my boyfriend and I from the second we sat down. Since it was late, I guess he just assumed that we were only there for drinks, but we had to ask him for menus twice before he gave them to us. We then had to ask a server who was stopping by the bar to close out his shift if he could put our order in for us since the bartender didn't seem to care what we wanted to eat.When we did get our food we were very impressed. I got the Rachel sandwich, and my boyfriend the steak frites. Both of which were outstanding. The quality of the food makes me feel sort of bad for giving only 1 star, but the service was just appalling.To end out the night, we once again had to flag down the distracted bartender to get a take-out box, which I thought was a signal that we were ready to leave, but then had to wait literally over 30 minutes between getting the box and getting our check from yet another server, not the bartender who was supposed to be waiting on us, but was instead just standing there. I feel bad that we won't be going there again, because there are plenty more dishes on the menu that I would like to try, but if they choose to employ people with such terrible customer service and portray their restaurant as a place for obnoxious drunks to work, it is not a place that I want to spend much time.
5	Great food, great service. Nothing I can say bad about this place. I would definitely recommend this place.
3	So - I've been yelping for quite a while and have never written a review. Not cool - I know. Never too late to start! My husband and I biked to Cooper's Tavern as we've passed it several times while at the Farmer's Market on the Square (which you have to definitely check out if you haven't yet)! We were... disappointed. Ambience - really really cute, very nice on the eyes. But the food- mediocre. Do not get the beer cheese pretzels - they're like breadsticks, more than anything else. I got the goat cheese polenta - the veggies were doused in grilling oil and the polenta was... nothing special. My husband got the special- lamb tartine which was good, not great. If anything - Cooper's Tavern is a good place to go for a drink and their fries - which were fantastic! I don't think we'd bother trying anything else on the menu. :(
5	After having a terrible experience due to bad service on our first visit, the general manager went out of his way to remediate the problem. He emailed me within a couple days of me posting a negative review and apologized about our experience. He informed me that the bartender who had waited on my boyfriend and I had been fired, and invited us to come back for dinner and drinks on him.We took him up on the offer tonight, and were very impressed. The bartender who waited on us tonight was very friendly and provided great service. Our food (steak frites and the sweet corn Caesar) was wonderful, and we will hopefully be back soon.I can't say enough about how impressed I am with the management's effort to make sure all of their customers are happy, and I really appreciated the effort that was made on our behalf.
2	The brunch here did not do it for me. Everything felt heavy Heavy HEAVY. The English Muffin was a sponge. The eggs were dense. And my side of fruit was served on the plate with the hot components making for hot mushy strawberries. I feel like you need to be super hung over for this. On the plus side, we had a nice server and full cups of coffee at all times. I'd give this place another try for lunch or dinner.
4	Great Beer selection! Food was fantastic. Chorizo sandwich and Amy's salad. Fresh and fast.
4	One of my favorite places to go to on the square! It's a short 5 minute walk from my apartment so I've been here a good number of times already. I love the beer list - with my favorite being the Monk's sour beer (not the full name of the beer but my memory is terrible - sorry!). The food has been a bit hit or miss for me and I do sometimes wish there were some more options. It's more of a comfort food menu (e.g. grilled cheese, reuben, mac & cheese, etc.) but sadly without the option of cheese curds! The upstairs is great and if it is open - I would definitely recommend going up there. I also love that this is a go-to place for any soccer games including the world cup, English premier league, & Spanish premier league! It's always great to connect & cheer on with other fans :). Finally, in my experience, the service (including hosts as well) here has been phenomenal. Very attentive & knowledgeable.
5	We have been here a few times and have never been disappointed.  We almost always order the poutine as it is delicious.  Recently I had the polenta dish and while I did enjoy it the broccoli rabe was cumbersome to eat.   Otherwise everything about the dish was very good.  My co-diners had the turkey sandwich and the flank steak special.  Both meals were very good according to them.  The fried haddock is fabulous and the house made tartar sauce makes the dish.  Other friends have raved about the pork schnitzel.  The beer list is a mile long along with having wine and spirits.  It is a great casual place to eat.  Service has always been top notch.  The only problem is the entry is a bit awkward and if you have to wait for a table, there is no good place to do so if the bar is full.
3	Visited on Saturday night, so the place was hopping. The wait wasn't bad at all for that time of night, and they had a bar upstairs where we could order drinks and an appetizer while we waited. The Poutine was yummy! Unfortunately, the Pork Belly Mac was a bit bland. They do have a very extensive wine and beer list. Our service that night was friendly, but somewhat slow. After waiting for half an hour for a table, it was another 10 before we even got a menu. Overall, it was good enough that I would go again, but not amazing.
5	This is the perfect place for a quick lunch or a nice sit down dinner! Every meal I've had there has been wonderful and the beer selection is fantastic. I seem to recall delicious bloody marys as well... The outdoor seating gives you an awesome view of the capital! And they are dog friendly too (for outdoor seating).
3	This place is a little bit underwhelming for the amount of time one has to wait to get a seat.  The beer selection is nice, but the food is really medicore.  The descriptions always sound really good, but then you get the food and it's just meh.  Compared to the other restaurants that you find around the square, Cooper's Tavern just doesn't hold a candle.
4	Went here for lunch, and it was pretty good! I love that they have wheat on all the tables, such a nice Midwestern touch.I tried the sliders and the beer cheese pretzels. Sliders come on pretzel buns and (presumably house-made) chips. really tasty! The pretzels are exactly what they sound like.Nothing totally mind blowing, but certainly a fine option. They also have a nice beer list, and the server I had was super friendly,
5	This is my go-to place. Great food, great service, great bartenders, and a really good beer menu.  Really great atmosphere although gets really packed during games. I love this place and always recommend it to visitors!
4	They have a very nice beer list that rotates often and has many representative midwest micros. The poutine was very good, gravy and curds were excellent, but the fries were a bit heavy handed with the salt. The fries are tasty (if there were a bit less salt they'd be perfect) but they are hand cut and nice and crispy.It was very busy at the time I was there (approx 830pm on a Tuesday night). Its a bit cramped so be prepared to get cozy and be prepared to wait a bit, but with all that good beer who doesn't want to stick around?
5	Colin U was spot on in his review. Great bar, and the owner Pete is genuinely nice guy.
5	One of THEE best places to eat in Madison, for sure. It can be a bit loud inside, but who cares. The food and drinks are so delicious. The upstairs bar is very quaint and spacious. Support this bar, it is SO worth it!
4	My favorite bar at the moment. Vanilla java porter is liquid candy in a bottle, mmmm. Definitely go upstairs if it's open.
5	Stopped in for a quick drink Friday evening. This place was packed wall to wall. A place I've been once before that I know has an excellent beer selection. They were doing a tap takeover so I took the opportunity to try a new beer. The brewery was out of California and I have never heard of it. Even though they were slammed the bartender took the time to explain things to me. When I told him I appreciate the flavor of the beer but wasn't a big fan he spent some more time with me to figure out what I can try next time I was in. For a bartender to take that much time to help me when I told him from the start I was only getting one drink was impressive, especially with how busy they were. I will definitively be back to try the food and more beer.
5	Hands down, best burger in Madison (yes, better than the $20 burger at Graze). They do it right with locally sourced beef, Wisconsin cheese, and fried pork belly... Simple, fresh and delicious. At $10, can't be beat. Great craft beer selection too. I enjoy taking out-of-towners here for a taste of the local gastropub flavor.
2	I have eaten at this restaurant three times, and I've had drastically different experiences each time. The first time I ate here, I had the bone marrow (which was actually delicious) and an Indian dish (I have since forgotten the name of it), which has actually been taken off the menu and rightfully so because it tasted like creole and a mockery to Indian cuisine. The second time I came here, I had the pleasure of eating very tasty mussels with a milk stout. My second experience was actually very pleasant, and I do hope to repeat it if I come back. When I came here my third time, I was met with a rude hostess and a bad brunch. As someone who used to be one, I understand that hosting at a restaurant on a weekend can be demanding and difficult. However, the hostess at this restaurant was not busy but also incompetent and rude. When we arrived, she told us that we would have to wait fifteen minutes. Not only did we wait almost an hour, but she was very combative and unapologetic when I asked for a more accurate waiting time. I wasn't expecting an actual apology, but I was met with excuses and an attitude. As said in my bio, I love eggs benedict, but this restaurant has further proven that I cannot find a delicious plate of eggs benedict in Madison; the egg was tough, and the yolk was dry. I find it almost a crime to cut into a benedict and not be met with a delicious, runny yolk. Overall, I'm impressed by the bone marrow and the mussels, but the brunch left me disappointed. If I come back, I hope I see a friendlier hostess whose attitude doesn't make me want to walk out.
5	Great energy and really cool menu.The salads were among the best we've had.   The choice of beers is almost overwhelming and there are also some good wines by the glass.This restaurant was absolutely packed on a very cold Tuesday night when I worried it may be quiet - it was a very busy / good buzz / high energy - really liked it.
5	Being a bit of a food snob this place sets the bar high and takes it higher. Service, food and beers is off the charts. Locally and independently owned (owner bought us a drink). They use 70 plus vendors with most being local. It is a must stop when in Madison. I highly recommend the Reuben and sweet potato chili. I will be back for sure. Cheers to a great meal and better time!
4	Love the brunch here! I've had the steak and the eggs Benedict before. Both are amazing!. This place is especially awesome in the summer when you can eat outside m!
5	Great lunch-good food, good beer, and good place to watch a soccer game.I came here to watch a Liverpool game and grab some lunch while in town for business. The tavern was recommended to me by some friends on a Liverpool supporter website, The Liverpool Offside. Conveniently, I was staying at the Sheraton and their shuttle stops there as well.The place is not very large, but the atmosphere was nice. It has a lot of dark wood and a good "tavern/pub" feel. The staff was friendly. I ordered a cup of the beef chili. I liked it. For lunch I had the turkey reuben (just called the turkey on the menu). I thought it was excellent. The homemade chips were also very good. I also had a couple of their craft beers. Their selection was excellent and the bartender was very helpful in directing me to a good local brew I couldn't get back home. I also noticed a large selection of Belgian style beers.Basically, this restaurant was excellent on the food side. The menu is not huge, but, in full disclosure, I prefer shorter menus. As for the beer, this place was also excellent. If you are into premium beers you will enjoy it here. Atmosphere and service were also excellent. Everyone I encountered was friendly and laid back without ever failing to be professional or doing a poor job. No complaints about this place!
4	One of the better beer selections in Madison. Any place that has Goose Island Matilda on tap will get a return trip from me. The bar just looks really cool, with bright wood finishes and huge windows on the second floor looking out to the Capitol. The place just feels inviting. Has been a lot better since they opened the second level. It used to be impossible to get a spot there as this place is always packed!
5	Very tasty food! We only tried the poutine and the sliders from the appetizer menu! Both were two thumbs up, amazing! Very large beer menu as well:) best part was it was within walking distance of our hotel and a lot of other places!!!
2	Awful food. Horrible date place. Too loud. Beer list rarely changes. This is the place you go to to break up with someone.
4	I had the Steak Freitas and Green Beans dish and it was excellent. Came here for dinner and drinks on New Years Eve and was impressed with the service and overall environment. They have a great draft beer selection as well to compliment their dinner menu. I would recommend this place looking for a good dinner and a beer close to the square.
