4	There's no place in Aliante like Sushi Tachi, and no host quite like Jimmy, who treats everyone as a long lost, most treasured uncle! We eat take-out several times a week, and have also dined-in. The food is consistently superb, and even vegetarians will find the menu accomodates them nicely. Greatly appreciated: Sushi Tachi gives you the choice of soy paper wrappers instead of seaweed for sushi. Fast, attentive service at a very reasonable price, while retaining reputation for excellent cuisine. I couldn't make it a week without eating at Sushi Tachi--even though there are several other sushi restaurants in the area. This is the BEST, and the best value for the $$.
4	This has become my standard sushi restaurant here in North Las Vegas. The people who run it are friendly, the service is solid, and the sushi is pretty good and reasonably priced.  They have nice lunch specials, and the All You Can Eat is a good time too for when you really feel like stuffing your face hard. :)I wish they had a little more variety with their rolls, though. It feels like half the menu involved spicy tuna and there's only so much spicy tuna this girl can take.
5	I was a US Marine stationed in mainland Japan for 3 years. I swore if i ever went to a Japanese restaurant i'd either REALLY want it or it'd better be some of the best stuff ever.This place...WOWThe size of the place is just perfect it's not too big but it's big enough to hold a good crowd, it's small enough to look crowded or semi crowded when it's not up to full capacity. The pricing is very unique, you can either go by the cost of individual pieces or go for the 45min all u can eat set price for lunch or the 60min all u can eat set price for dinner. The price is okay considering that's how much a high end buffet costs anyway.The thing that changed my opinion about this place is that the menu is very creative you can get standard stuff like every place has, i made the mistake of getting a California roll for a start before my buddy told me i can get anything i want because it's already paid for. HIGHLY recommend the Mahi Mahi...thingie...it's on the specialties part of the menu bottom left corner. The leaf they put on the roll makes biting into it so refreshing and the tartness of the sauce they drizzle over just ties everything together. Simply amazingI give this place 5 stars because of the creativity of some of the things on the menu. There are things i didn't like and some faults i noticedMAYONNAISE oh god i hate how the Japanese love squirting the stuff on everything. The baked muscle and scallop shell are just covered and baked in mayonnaise, completely killed the sweet natural seafood flavors of the muscle and scallop. In conclusion i will be returning to this restaurant when ever I'm in the rare mood for sushi
5	I've been to this restaurant a few times now and it has been great each time. They have an All You Can Eat (AYCE) menu available for lunch and dinner that is pretty great for the price.  The quality of the Nigiri is very good, with the fish large enough to cover both ends of the rice, which is something you don't expect with AYCE.  The menu also has a very large and elaborate selection of hand and specialty rolls.  The AYCE menu also has things like miso soup, chicken teriyaki, tempura, desert, etc...  all for $20 per person for lunch and ~$26 for dinner.  As others have mentioned there is a time limit listed for the AYCE menu, we actually asked the owner about this the first time we visited and he said it's just there to prevent abuse. I'd recommend the AYCE menu for groups who like sushi and want to try all the different nigiri and specialty rolls.As others have mentioned they have some great lunch specials.  This place is definitely worth a visit if you want some quality sushi for a price that won't break the bank.
4	I went out there for lunch and it was inexpensive and good. I love the decor and the ambience. I didn't try the all you can eat sushi, but it was very appealing. The sushi was fresh. The service was inviting and warm, but lack a little personal touch. I wish they could smile more. It was busy for where its located and the wine store next door is a great compliment.
5	All you can eat sushi... I used to picture week old fish and slimy seaweed, until I found this place. Sushi Tachi has great sushi, good service, and all you can eat of it. I don't know of any other place where you can get all the sushi your heart desires for ~$20 (outside of eclectic buffets) and still have it taste good.  Come hungry and get the all you can eat sushi, then go for half portions so you can sample their delicious menu.
5	I thought I would never find better AYCE sushi than in Reno, NV, but after making the move back to Las Vegas (okay NLV) I was stoked to discover Sushi Tachi. For being desert style sushi, it is delicious and the service their could not be better. I can expect to find a friendly smile and some seriously good sushi. My friends will even venture from their west side to join us here!
4	This is the sister restaurant of Sushi Mon, same owner, same great sushi, my all time favorite for all you can eat sushi, which was introduced to me by a japanese family.It is the real deal. Fresh sushi lots of protein, good service and if you are a  all-you-can-eat regular don't forget to ask for the stamp card for your free dinner.I am so happy they opened in North Las Vegas.
5	This place is awesome!They're very friendly and polite, they recognized us the second time we went (and every time since). The All-You-Can-Eat is a great deal, it even throws in some extras like saki shooters. The half-orders on rolls is a great option. There's non-fishy options for those dragged along for the sushi experience. They even offer a frequent-eater punch card! (Buy 10, get 1 free?) The ONLY bad thing about this place? It's hard to find! The map shows it completely wrong! It's the SE corner of Centennial and Simmons.
4	This restaurant is in an unexpected area of North Las Vegas. Best AYCE sushi for $26.95 (dinner) "in North Las Vegas" we've ever had. Their tuna, salmon, and yellow tail were all very fresh. We tried the 911 spicy tuna roll and it literally made us cry. Keep in mind, we're no whimps when it comes to spice.FYI, free all you can drink beer and sake on Mondays and Tuesdays with an AYCE purchase. Make sure the waitress gets the order right, or else they bring you more food than you can eat ... which they will charge you for (they have a sign for that).
4	I really like this place. I am very picky with my sushi but this place really does a good job and hits the spot. It is also conveniently minutes from my job, so lunch is always quick and easy. I usually do go there on my lunch break and even as  a take out, it is very quick! Their lunch specials are very well priced for someone who usually is on a budget. I have yet to go for dinner yet..but i look forward to actually sit inside and enjoy more of it!
5	I have gone to Sushi Tachi about 30 times (25 for lunch and 5 for dinner) and I have not been disappointed.  The lunch menu ranges from $5 to $9 and it includes free miso soup and hot green tea with your meal.  If the lunch is a good value, the dinner is even better.  My wife and I order the Seafood Combination for two and for $25.50, it is the most satisfying meal.  I have to admit that I have not ordered anything else because after ordering this the first time, we were so happy with it that we just kept ordering the same thing each time.  Along with two huge plates of food that includes nice sushi and sashimi pieces, salmon teriyaki, shrimp tempura, soft shell crab, etc., you also get cucumber salad, rice, and dessert.  We love the plum ice cream which has big chunks of plums in it.
5	Definitely one of the best sushi restaurants in Vegas!!!
4	Sushi Tachi has become my husband's and my place to go for sushi in NLV. The food is consistently good and service is exceptional. They have great Monday and Tuesday deals and a decent selection of rolls. All-you-can-eat is the way to go! The only thing I don't like is once we were given lots of grief for bringing in a few chicken nuggets for my four-year-old (who doesn't like sushi or anything else the place offers). They almost didn't let us stay to eat! The next week - they had a sign up saying "no outside food". While I understand the rule, it's disappointing that I cant visit unless I don't have my kids with me. Note to self: teach my kids to like sushi. Until then, I will not have many chances to visit Sushi Tachi! Beware parents - don't bring (outside) food for your kids in. They will turn you away. But if it's date night - I recommend this place! Thumbs up!
5	I've been going her for a few years now and it was good before but now their EXCELLENT!!! They have recently hired a new chef Harold (Haru)  he was fast and attentive.  He cut some gloriously thick slices for the Nigiri, Maguro, Salmon & Yellow tail! The food that comes out of the kitchen is all well prepared, and I recommend the tasty green mussels but I go for the sushiFor an all-you-can-eat-in-under-an-hour kind of place, the fish is always fresh. Chatting w/ Harold he asked me what I liked and how spicy I like my food & after 2 of the menu rolls he asked if he could make me something off the menu I told him cool do your thing. it was AMAZING!!!! He calls it a mother w/ child (salmon on the outside w/ salmon roe a delicately sliced lil piece of lemon) after that he was free to make me what he wanted and after that decision I have never had so many total melt-in-my-mouth moments.Considering the quality of Harold's work, the A.Y.C.E. hour is the way to go.  But be careful.  By the time I was ready to leave, I thought I was going to burst because i could not stop eating and when i finally did I remembered that rice expands in your stomach.......SO AGAIN BEWARE!!!The only thing bad I can say about Sushi Tachi is don't go on Wed or Thurs (Harold's nights off)
3	I don't know if my expectations where just too high, but I wasn't really blown away by this place, but I liked it.  It was a decent meal (had the salmon special) and the food was all good and we definitely were satisfied with our meal. The one thing that I didn't love was that I found the service kind of sloppy... although we did arrive just after a dinner rush on a Friday night, so I'll give them that.  Just to note, I'm not a local N. Las Vegas-er, I'm originally for Toronto and now live in NYC, so I'm also a bit spoiled when it comes to Japanese.  We were on vacation, staying in the area, so we decided to check it out based on Yelp reviews.  I would 100% go back and recommend it others looking for decent Japanese in N. Las Vegas.
5	Great jewel off the strip. Really fresh and friendly chefs. Def coming back.
3	It's not the best sushi place, but for North Las Vegas, it's pretty good.You can't check in using your iphone yelp, because the address it maps is way off base. It's actually located on the corner of Centennial and Simmons/Aliante. If we didn't live in Aliante, we probably wouldn't make a special trip to come here.There was a sign that they will have all you can eat and drink (bud light and sake) starting in May, which is a big draw for my husband. The menu has a good variety and I'm able to get udon for my daughter while my husband and I enjoy the all you can eat sushi. The hamachi collar and amaebi are really good. I loved the Salmon Skin hand roll too. The uni was gross, but that's what's expected from all you can eat places I guess. The service was fine and they seemed to keep a good pace even though it was pretty busy. We went about 6:30pm and it was packed, but at 7:30pm, it was dead.
5	Hands down the best hidden AYCE in vegas!! been here over 20 times!most people dont know about it cuz its all the way in north las vegas, and thats a good thing:] but everyone who loves sushi in north vegas knows about this place or they should.Great for AYCEif not they have lunch specials that are worth the $6 your paying for:] they also have a menu for dinner that you could order from.great service, nice chefs, love the friendly waitress, fresh fish, yummy rolls, and you could order half order sushi rolls if your doing ayce. You could also eat as much green tea, red bean, and plum ice cream as you want!! just dont stay there too too long because theyll limit your ice cream or try to avoid you when you call them.
5	This is by far one of the best finds in NLV! Fish is fresh!!! I am very picky I have done sushi wow and sushi loco a lot of places around Vegas! My husband and I have been coming here since it openned. Staff changes but Haro has been here quite a while and is worth getting to know! This is a must for true sushi lovers!!
5	Every time my sister comes to visit, we hit up a AYCE sushi joint. Last monday, this was the spot. It was $26.95 which comes w/bud light and the house sake for 60 mins. Here is what we had:3 buds and 2 large sakesspicy tuna hand roll w/masago and a quail egg (me only)2 orders of ahi poke1 order of raw tofu2 orders of salmon and 2 orders hamachi2 orders of amaebi w/deep fried heads1/2 of a roll that i forget the name1 sake shooter (me only)2 baked scallops1 salmon collar1 order of the cajun albacore and 1 order of tako1/2 roll of new york girl in vegas1 green tea ice cream1 pink colored ice cream which i forget the flavorThe food was very good. The fish was fresh. Our sushi chef was the older japanese man. He was great. The waitresses were nice. The place was clean. I'll probably come by myself next time I'm craving sushi when my sister isn't in town. We came here for an early dinner so I was disappointed that I wasn't able to eat more. Great AYCE spot hidden in North Las Vegas.My sister's one complaint was that the bar stools were too low. Yeah they were a little low.
3	I'm not sure exactly but this place has disappointed me. My last actual Ayce visit before yesterday has been A while and things have changed alright. The friendly staff were still there and they had different chefs but i felt like they were going slow on purpose. I ordered side dishes and two of them were forgotten and the other arrived 20 minutes later. I used to love this place but it was just blahh. The quality of the fish is still one of the freshest i just dont feel its the same experience anymore and im saddened. Maybe it was just a slow lazy dayyyy.
4	This place was good. LoL. Such a bland review huh? Well we went for sushi, ended up getting the AYCE dinner. Everything was ok, they give you 60 mins, but IDK if they actually time you. We were there for 35 mins and were stuffed. The sushi was pretty good. I didn't get to have my Ahi Sashimi I usually get and no, I didn't want to get sushi and take off the rice! The chefs were nice (and flirty) but the waitress took forever. I'd go again because its close but hmmmm not my fav. Very good if someone is new to sushi so they can try sushi and also have cooked items.
3	Decent desert sushi and passable service, but Yelp has the map wrong related to the address.  Eat the sushi, don't bother trying to "check-in," and be sure to ask for Mochi.
4	Damn I love Las Vegas and your all-you-can-eat sushi joints!  Why can't we do this in San Diego?My cousin took me here during my recent visit to Vegas, and it was great.  They give you 60 minutes to order whatever you want on their AYCE sushi menu, which is almost everything.  They don't really time you though.  My cousin and I were there for over an hour and no one said a word  He even told me that he and his family were there once for over three hours and they kept on serving them.  Sunday-Thursday are also all-you-can-drink Bud Light and sake nights included in the $26.95 price.The fish is very good quality and they don't skimp on the amount of fish in the nigiri or the rolls, which is awesome.  The sushi chefs and waiters are friendly although a little slow.  It's a good thing that they're not sticklers on the 60-minute time limit.I'm definitely hitting this place up again during my next visit.  The more money I spend on sushi, the less I have to lose at the blackjack table.
3	Randomly went here while hungry and in the area!  Had the all you can eat, which is a good value for almost anyone who can eat a decent amount.  We went on a Saturday and therefore they didn't have their all you can drink, which if you drink seems like an excellent value.  Now the sushi is very mediocre in my opinion.  Would probably go back one more time to try the all you can eat and drink special.  Hopefully the sushi is better.  I think that you don't get the same portion for an all u can eat vs a regular a la carte portion?  I don't think this place merits 4.5 stars though for sure!!  3 seems right, 4 is pushing it.....
5	This place not only serves fresh, delicious sushi...but it's all you can eat!! It's not buffet style, like you would expect either...you order off of a menu and they bring it fresh!! Their all-you-can eat menu also includes apps like miso soup & edamame and dessert, like green tea ice cream. You can also get a punch card and once you have so many all-you-can eat meals, you get one free! Definitely a great deal. The employees are also all very friendly! You will not be disappointed by eating here!!
2	Wow, I don't understand why this place has so many 4 and 5 star reviews.  Unfortunately we were there on a Saturday, no all you can drink beer/sake (bud light/house sake).  We actually went around lunch and dinner time (got there at 3:45 dinner starts at 4).  They gave us the option to do AYCE lunch $23.95 or dinner $26.95.  I wanted to do dinner so I could order Uni but we opted for lunch and I'm so glad we did.  Since it was our first time there I wanted to scope it out and see how fresh their fish were.Not so fresh!  I thought the nigiri was below average... the rice was undercooked and the fish smelled fishy and was cut horribly.  For example, the salmon nigiri we ordered was huge but not in a good way.  The texture of it was like biting into flesh or something, yuck.  It was definitely not melt in your mouth sushi.  The rolls were alright (then again the fish is smothered with sauce but we could still taste a little fishiness).  They made a roll for us they didn't have on the menu which was nice of them.  Poke was alright, although they gave only a few chunks of Ahi and lots of onion (I'm assuming it is Ahi).The only rolls I enjoyed were the avocado roll and natto roll.  My husband wants to go back for their all you can drink night, I'm not sure if I will be joining him.  If I do I will be ordering ala carte (avocado and natto roll).
3	In the outskirts of North Las Vegas, there lies a gem. Not just any gem, but a gem lost in the neighborhoods of Aliante. A gem that has strayed from the inner city and traveled along to make it's own way into our hearts... err, stomachs that is! ;) I can speak for many sushi lovers out there that love and enjoy the comforts and different tastes that a lot of sushi bars and restaurants offer to their patrons.A comfortable and home-like setting provides the city and part of Aliante a place to make their own and enjoy great eats without the rage and rush of middle aged adults. Sometimes, a quiet place is in order to enjoy great company and conversation. And upon reading that semi-theatre-esque introduction, Sushi Tachi is that hidden gem in Aliante.The menu is pretty similar to the Sushimon chain, but what really makes this place stick out is their outstanding service and polite manners. 3 stars for the similar menus to Sushimon but location and service give Sishi Tachi a generous!  Baked green mussels and cajun albacore nigiri FTW! Happy eating :)
5	All you can eat Sushi with reasonable prices and great quality. I have been there 4 times and every time I really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere PLUS Service is friendly and competent. All you can eat is 45 min for lunch and 60 min for dinner and beer and Sake (Japanese liquor) are included. You can also chose single items from 2 menus. They also have combination menues, which feed up to 2 people and contain Sushi + Salad + Soup + rice etc.
4	Dinner is much better than lunch fish is fresher.  Service was great on both good place.
4	I don't know that much about sushi but the group I was with does.  Remarks from the crowd, "top notch", "the waiter knows whats up", "great presentation", "best value in town".  That says it all.  The only thing missing for me was more atmosphere.  It felt a little like I may as well have been sitting in a doctor's office.  Overall it gets 4 stars.
3	Not too bad for your little around the corner neighborhood sushi spot. Been here more than a few times. Good for something quick, but I've had better. Great service though. Can get pretty slammed with families and babies... it is a neighborhood spot!
5	I liked this place alot! The food and service was great! And I really like the ALL you can eat Sushi idea! The only thing is that its kinda expensive. Most dishes were more then $12 for 8 pieces. All the chefs were really cool though. I will definitely be going back.
5	Had to add an update. Been there a ton of times, even had my birthday party with 8 ppl and it was great. Food is consistently amazing :)
4	The restaurant is very clean and the staff were very nice, considering we were in a large group for my besties birthday. The all you can eat sushi is the best value. I went with my favorite the California Roll. I also had some of the tiger, wet dream, and spider rolls. It was muy bueno. Overall I loved the experience, the only complaint is that my husbands teryaki chicken was bland, but it's a sushi place.
4	My daughter and I love Sushi Tachi.  The service is good and the food is even better. My daughter is 6 & we both do the all you can eat sushi which includes shu mai, chicken terriyaki, edamame and many other dishes my daughter loves. The sushi is fresh and made to order and the staff are great!!!
4	I have to say that this place is pretty awesome for all you can eat sushi. The sushi isn't the best that I have had in town, but its pretty good.  I went with three friends from work, and we all ordered the AYCE lunch at $24.95 (dinner is $26.95, with only a few items available only at dinner).  The sushi itself was pretty good, despite the non-Asians behind the bar.  Its just sushi after all.  The fish seemed fresh, although the octopus was a little rubbery compared to a couple of other spots I've been to.  The rolls were rushed through and falling apart a little, but that wasn't a big deal at all.  A few of the specialty rolls were really good, including the Valentines roll.  Since we all bought the lunch special, we could all share, and good times were had.  The ginger was particularly good here too.  It was light yellow in color, and sweeter with a less pickled flavor.  I am not a big fan of ginger in general, but this ginger was really tasty.The one thing that was offsetting was the abundance of signs explaining the rules of the all you can eat... rules like eating all of the rice or paying full price.  I didn't feel like the place was very hospitable when we sat down at first.  Even my friend said jokingly, "Feels like a dictatorship in here."  That feeling changed though because the service was really nice.      Overall, while I would say there is better sushi in Vegas, the AYCE aspect scores this spot an easy 4 stars.  I would love to go back when I am in the mood for a quick, yet thorough stuffing of sushi!
5	All i have to say is the food there is exceptional my wife and i always get the all you can eat sushi from sunday-thursday because not only is it all you can eat sushi and some kitchen items its all you can drink bud light and house saki but friday and saturday this offer for the beer and saki is not available. the sushi itself is very fresh and the staff are very friendly and get you your food quickly for kitchen items. And if you plan on going back be sure to get a stamp card for the all you can eat sushi.
4	Super Good. Sushi Chef were super nice. If you want something super spicy! get the 9-1-1 Roll!!! like OMG HOT HOT HOT HOT!It says you can only eat for 60 minutes for all you can eat dinner, but we stayed there for like 2 hours and they didnt say anything. I think it just depends on how busy they are.DONT FOLLOW  the map directions! it takes you to the wrong place. But the Address is Correct!
2	Boyfriend and I ventured here at the reccomendation of a family member and its close to home. We usually stick to one sushi spot and wanted to try something new. After sitting down we noticed the other sushi rolls that were being served, they didnt look all that delicious, so we decided to play it safe and order two half rolls to see if we even would like it. We ordered the 911 roll, which made us both want to call 911. Was SPICY as advertised but presentation was horrible, the roll looked more like a square and was squished at the ends. WTH? The only thing that stood out about that roll was that it set our mouth on fire. Nothing else signficant about it, was not "tasty" at all. I should have just took a shot of Siracha hot sauce instead. We also ordered one of the Tachi rolls. It was okay. Better than the 911 roll, it had some taste. Lastly we ordered garlic tuna sushi...which was missing the key ingredient...the GARLIC sauce! It had just a minute drizzle on each piece. FAIL. We ended up leaving and going to our regular sushi spot. That staff however was very polite, quick service, and all smiles. Lesson learned, the grass was not greener on the other side for us.BLAH!
5	I love this place! it's only 5 min. away from my house. My husband and I always go here we have been going here for about 4 years now lol. I love the sushi ALL YOU CAN EAT they say it's 60 min. but I know I've been there longer.They do half rolls if you are too full to eat a whole one. We usually bring my daughter and she's allergic to fish so it is a good think they have things other than fish on their menu. The staff is super nice and very helpful. Our cups are never empty when ever we come here.me and my family are usually there like 3 times a month.Plus they added my favorite dessert TEMPURA ICE cream they only have one flavor Vanilla.
5	There is too much to say...you must try it yourself!!!
4	The sushi here is GREAT!!!  I can't even recommend ONE roll because I've had SO many good ones. If you're a light eater, but you want to try 2 different rolls and pay for one.. they have half rolls for half the price!!  The sushi chefs are always very friendly, and I always have good service when I come here.  Their all you can eat menu seems like an awesome deal, unfortunately I haven't done it yet, but I am looking forward to trying it out one evening!!  Definitely TRY THIS PLACE!!
5	Great place for sushi. I have recommended it to everyone of my friends. Who all have enjoyed going there. They have a great staff as well as great chefs. They are extemely friendly, and have great speed of service. The sushi is awesome, my favorite is the garlic tuna. I'm an addict, and would eat it everyday if I could.
4	our favorite barista introduced us to this place the other night and we are overjoyed that there's a good sushi joint located right in our neighborhood! we decided to take advantage of the 'all you can eat & drink' for $26.00 which is probably one of the best deals in town!! the sushi was extremely fresh and the ala carte items (cucumber salad, tempura, fried calamari, baked mussels, etc) were delicious. i couldn't get away from the potato wrapped shrimp!! YUMMMMM YUMMMMM. i highly recommend if you're in north las vegas - near aliante... stop by! you won't be disappointed!!
5	This place has a great atmosphere and you have to try the hot mama roll.
5	We have been patrons of the Tachi for years now.  We use their frequent diner card and have gotten several all-you-can-eats for free.Some rolls that are our favorites:New York Girl in VegasSalmon DelightAmerican DreamTigerMoon RiverSpiderLOVE this place!!!  Highly recommend it!  Fresh every time.
4	sushi yeaaa!! i love theyre lunch specials! they also have green tea ice cream! The food is amazing and the service is relatively good. The food def keeps me coming back. The atmosphere is very nice and intimate, great for girls night out or date night with the hubby :)
4	Service was great, and the sushi was excellent.My favorite roll all night was the Tuna Lover's roll. The miso soup was also very good.
4	Very nice sushi, good service and good value at price. Really happy to have a quality sushi joint nearby to where I live.
5	I have to say I love this sushi restaurant. It's $26.95 for all you can eat at dinner time, but the food is very good.  You also get free all you can drink bud light on Sundays and Mondays (I have never had it, but its nice to have the offer).  I really have no complaints about this place.  I usually eat here about once a month and every time it has been an enjoyable experience.
5	Honestly it's the best sushi i've ever had and I've had some of the best.  Get there early on the weekends to avoid the rush and don't forget it's ok to order 1/2 rolls! Gives you twice the room for everything!I love sushi Tachi! We love you Haru!
4	One of the best sushi spots in Vegas! Where should I begin...I don't eat sushi much. And if I do eat sushi its only the cooked/deep fried selections I'll eat. But on this visit, I was the sushi master!! Everything from tuna to soft shell crab, salmon to eel, and even a bit of yellowtail. I swear the menu had about 100 different sushi items to choose from and I've probably made it through 20 so I'll be back to claim my crown and throne from this sushi warrior challooonge (challenge)!To get the bang for ya buck, you have to go for the All You Can Eat sushi deal for $24.99. That includes unlimited sushi and bud light or sake. Let's just say we indulged ourselves into pure bliss. Baked salmon hand wraps, spicy tuna tempura rolls, and deep fried eel rolls are bomb.com! The only downer about this place is that its small. The sushi bar area can sit maybe 10 people and the dinning area is decent. The tv's stay on ESPN but no.volume just closed caption.The only way to enjoy this review to its perfect extent is to put on those lose jeans/gym shorts, prepare your appetite, and get your fanny down to Sushi Tachi and get your grub on! Lol.
4	This place is the best all you can eat sushi on the north side! I only like Haru sushi chef because he is the only one that knows how to make sushi... I ordered a poke salad from one of the other guys and it had literally 5 dinky pieces of sushi and a handful of seaweed! I ordered it from Haruand my god it was the best poke salad I ever had... Haru is ironchef of sushi tachi!
5	Really good sushi and one of my favorites!!! This place gets busy because its that good. Just check out the reviews and try them out. Its a real gem!!! :)
4	The service and food is nearly perfect! I have never had a bad meal here and it continues to be one of my favorite places to go. The prices are great and the food is so fresh. It is also a very clean restuarant. The only reason I didn't give it a perfect score was because the bathroom is in a odd area of the resturant. You have to actually walk into the kitchen to reach the restroom. Other than that, it is awesome!
5	Great service, great food!  Everything was fresh & beautifully presented.  Waitress was great at clearing plates & refilling drinks.  They kept the AYCE rolls coming!  The Christina Roll was the best!
4	Friendly staff. Service was good (sushi bar and from the wait staff). Brightly lit and spacious dining area.  Good food, great AYCE value if you take advantage of the unlimited Bud Lite and House sake promo.  And the ability to order just about all the rolls in 1/2 portion size.I ended up at Tachi because I was turned away by the overwhelming response to Sushi Mon's 10year anniversary promotion (Maryland Pkwy location) and was in the vacinity running some errands.  When I arrived at 5:15pm, the place was still fairly empty, but was close to 75% capacity when I left at 6:30pm.  The restaurant definitely has a good following in the NW.The food was good, I enjoyed most of the items I ordered (san the Spider Roll I ordered at the end, which I thought was bland and the sushi rice didn't taste right - maybe it was a new batch or the end of one).Anyway, here is my review of the items I also ordered:* Fried Calamari appetizer from the kitchen was excellent.  Just dried perfectly, with a light batter coating. * N.Y. Girl In Vegas Roll - Pretty good, I enjoyed it overall, but would have like less mayo on it.* Dragon Roll - good stuff,great if you like eel.* One More Time Roll - Pretty good, but would be super if the mango used was more tasty and ripe (but we know mangos are not in season in the fall/winter).* Uni/Ikura/Garlic Tuna and all the nigiri I ordered were all good.  Very satisfied!I skipped the dessert due to time constraint, but the restaurant offers the usual ice cream (green tea, red bean and plum) and during dinner one order of mochi ice cream (mango, strawberry or vanilla).Price: $24.95 (45 minutes) 11:30AM - 4:00PM$26.95 (60 minutes) 4:00PM - 10:30PMMisc comments:1. The chair at the sushi bar is maybe 6 inches too low.  It felt awkward sitting there at first, but the padding on the chair was comfortable.2. Waitresses were on top of refills, I didn't have to ask for hot tea once and the used plates were cleared quickly.3. The young Japanese waitress is cute.4. There are off menu items (specialty rolls) that you can order, but the names and images of it are hanging as pictures on the back wall.  You can totally miss it, if you are seated in the wrong part of the restaurant.5. Anthony, the Mexican Sushi Chef, was great.  Made the rolls quickly and profeciently.Location:  NW Las Vegas. Perfect for those living in the Aliante area.Service:  4.5/5  No complaints here.Food: 4/5  The fish are fresh.  Good selection overall.  No daily specials like at some other sushi bars (not a negative, just pointing out a fact).Price:  3/5  In line with other AYCE sushi bars in Las Vegas.Parking:  3/5  In the same strip mall with a gym, parking wasn't a problem for me, but it was pretty full when I left.I would definitely go back if I am in the area.
1	Harold is gone.  We won't be back.  He did all the ordering and now I am no longer confident that the fish will be the same quality.  You have all been warned.  I was told someone got sick off the salmon this week after Chef Haru was gone.  It also would not be the same without him serving my sushi.
3	Had not been here for a while (about a month or so) and was anxious to get back and see Haru again.  Unfortunately, he was let go recently.I loved Sushi Tachi in the past because Haru made everyone feel like you were a valued customer.  And while the wait staff is still very friendly, it is obvious that there is now something missing.I am sure we will return, but with lowered expectations.  I certainly hope they hang on as we have enough empty strip mall properties in North Las Vegas...but I fear that what made this place EXCEPTIONAL is gone and we will now be looking to where Haru lands next.In the mean time, I sugggest that they continue making Haru's exceptional roll creations...
1	Sushi Tachi....was my favorite Sushi bar i would make the 30 min trip from spring valley up to 3 times a week. However Haru (the head sushi chef) no longer works here thus this place is just another sushi bar :/ i will no longer be driving there any more. i resign the crown of duchess to Tachi
1	OMG Haru is gone!!! :(((( Why????? I was so sad when I heard the news but we still went to give the business a chance. Well, there was a hair in my sushi, baahhhh won't be back!! Almost cried when we left the place. Does anybody know why he left and where he is now? I need to know..............................
5	Always love this place!
2	I went here with my boyfriend after reading all the nice reviews here on Yelp. I didn't have high expectations, but I did expect some level of tasty sushi expectation. Wanting to satisfy our sushi cravings and for a close to home spot to eat it, we ventured out to this little place on a Friday night around 7pm. Unfortunately, yelpers totally missed the mark this time. Don't worry I still rely on and like you fellow yelpers. Service was good. They were attentive for when my glass was  empty and refilled it quickly. Clean and spacious place. Even had a TV mounted on the wall. Normally I'm used to the loud, crowded, sometimes chaotic sushi joints where the bar is filled up and everyone's having a good time. Chopsticks clacking, glasses hitting the table lightly. It was really quiet for a spacious place with no real energy or atmosphere. Not too big a deal.  When I went, there were sports jerseys on the walls. The walls were largely empty save for the jersey decor, there wasn't exactly any charm to the place. A little silly, but again definitely not a big deal, after all, we were here for the food. We were the only ones at the bar despite the fact that it did have other groups there at the tables. It was a little awkward sitting there with people staring at us and with murmurs of conversation. The sushi didn't taste fresh. Exactly as how another reviewer said, this might be the "fast food" of sushi. It was okay. Dry. Bland taste. Not all that delicious. Had most of the rolls. Salmon, yellowtail, eel, California roll etc. In no way am I picky eater at all. Far from it! I'm not one of those sushi-purists that are finicky eaters who crave fine dining. Lol I'm not a sushi snob. Just a sushi lover and not too hard to please. But really, this place was mediocre even for an AYCE choice. Nothing to rave about, much less recommend. I'm happy this place seems to  have a good following. I'm all for a  local business thriving especially for a sushi place you don't have to drive miles and miles for. Unfortunately, Sushi Tachi won't be my sushi paradise.
3	Soo, my review for this shouldnt count toward whether or not you are debating to try the sushi. Why? I hate sushi! All I can tolerate eating is the su udon and cucumber salad. Soo yummy! Also the service is fantastic. Always greeted, seated right away and taken care of easily. One of the staff members reminds me of an asian patrick swayze. That has no significance to anything. Just thought id throw it out there!  Ps. The plum ice cream is delicious!
4	Despite the recent negative reviews, I decided to give this place a try. It is probably the closest AYCE sushi restaurant to my house, aside from Sushi in Summerlin which I have sworn off entirely. We were greeted upon entering on a Saturday afternoon around 1PM. We chose a seat at the empty sush bar and ordered the AYCE. The rolls took a while to come out, although there was only one sushi chef. They didn't hold us to the time limit of 45 minutes thankfully because half of our orders hadn't made it out to us. We had to remind the sushi chef a couple of times about rolls we had ordered that had not yet been received. This is the reason I took away one star, because other than that the meal was fabulous! We tried the following:Salmon and yellowtail Nigiri: Delicately sliced and freshChubby Roll: It was okay but not memorable enough to order againLisa Lisa Roll: Loved the combination of flavors, just enough spicy mayo but not too much to overpower itCristina Roll: Loved it! Ordered it twiceAmerican Dream: A little bit more rice than I care for, but flavorful just the same. Volcano Roll: Amazing! This is the roll that is a cali roll with yum yum scallop backed on top. We ordered 2 of these.Cajun Albacore: Thinly sliced and perfectly balanced with a small amount of ponzu.The only other downside besides the slow service was the fact that the AYCE lunch price is $24.95 here whereas you can go to Sushi Mon for $23.95 for lunch or even Oyshi for $21. Our bill came to $58 and some change which we rounded up to $70 for the tip.
4	Man, I used to love this place because of Haru, the mad genius sushi chef extraordinaire from Spain.. But now it's just ok.  I give it 3.25 stars
4	North Las Vegas is sushi challenged to say the least.  We have a sprinkling of establishments but none to write home about.  Sushi Tachi is our go to spot because it's close to home.  It's friendly, clean and the food is good.  We truly enjoy it!
4	Ok. Time to write an update. Finally broke the spell and went back there. Tried to shut off my brain about the hair in my sushi last time and think about all the good stuff they have. I must say I'm very happy I did so. Staff there always makes you feel welcome, and service is consistently very good. They have fresh nigiris and the all you can drink bud light and saki from Sun - We. I'm glad we decided to give this place another chance, they will see us more often in there now.We were just so done with sushi WOW and how they sometimes treated us. Would rather spend my money somewhere where they appreciate us.
5	I LOVE the sushi! The best sushi restaurant ever eaten at!
5	So far this is my favorite sushi restaurant in Las Vegas. Service and the quality of food is awesome. Everytime I come I get the AYCE/AYCD (Sun-Thur) deal ! Start off with there baked mussels and scallops then off with the rolls. I'm a big fan of baked rolls and their baked rolls are tasty !Don't forget to try the specials on the board behind the sushi bar !
1	i didnt like it at all.. i read some of the reviews and they were all saying its good but when i went it was so expensive and the food wasnt all that great. ive been to a better all you can eat sushi place before and they were way cheaper and had more variety. the lunch was 25 and the other place i went to lunch was 15 and had oysters and raw food. this place doesnt give u oysters till dinner. the other place is sushi kaya try there is better and worth the drive. its off spring mountain and arville.
3	I cannot believe all the reviews that list this place as their favorite sushi in town. They are a very average sushi restaurant. I have eaten here on a few occasions, and every time was just mediocre. Their all you can eat menu pricing is very good though. So, if you're one of those people that like very simple rolls, and are not looking for extravagantly delicious specialty rolls or outstanding sauces, this is your best bang for the buck in the area. The quality of the actual fish is pretty good, I think it really comes down to poor menu planning and average chefs.
2	The head chef left.  Sushi & service suffers terribly.
4	Fantastic food, only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is the service. Slow when busy, slow when I was one of 5 other diners. Maybe disorganized is a better word. The food is really excellent though, very fresh and reasonably priced. Worth the wait if you plan accordingly. If you like plum wine, theirs is excellent.
1	Shame on you Sushi Tachi for charging my 68 lb 10 year old the same price you charged me for AYCE sushi. Nevermind the fact that $24.95 for lunch is by far the highest priced AYCE in the valley, how can you legitimately charge children prices based on their height? My 10 year old is tall for her age but she's very thin and eats like a bird. My 8 year old out-weighs her by 7 lbs. Unfortunately the pricing wasn't the only issue with our lunch here this past Sunday. For starters the service was sloooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooww. By slow I mean we ordered 4 rolls as soon as we sat down and didn't get one of the rolls til literally 45 minutes later. We ordered 2 volcano rolls (the kids love them), the waiter held up 2 fingers and verified we wanted 2 volcano rolls, yet we received a Volcano Roll #2 which is practically nothing like the regular volcano roll and has cooked salmon on the inside and outside. Some rolls we had to order twice because they simply never came. This is unacceptable service for a $25 pp meal. They seriously need to hire more people, 2 servers and 2 sushi chefs is clearly not enough for the small crowd on a Sunday afternoon. I overheard one server apologizing to the table beside us when we walked in so I'm sure we weren't the only disgruntled patrons. Good bye Sushi Tachi!
1	This was at one time a great ayce sushi place. Quality has gone away. Rolls are small and mainly overly wet rice. So sad.
4	I would actually give it 3.5 stars but I rounded up for a couple of reasons.  The service was very friendly and efficient, and I really like the half-roll options.  I think another reviewer said that this place was kind of the Panda Express of sushi.  I would agree with that.  It is good, but not originally great.
5	No matter how many times I try new sushi places based on others' recommnedations, I always come back to Sushi Tachi.  Nothing really compares to Sushi Tachi in quality, presentation, and value.  As a sushi lover for 25 years, in addition to freshness and cleanliness, I look for simplicity.  Many sushi restaurants now mask their sushi (especially rolls) by using too much sauce on top or bottom of the rolls.  If you want simple, good nigiri sushi, this is still the best sushi place in the north/northwest part of Las Vegas.  All you can eat deal, which includes pretty much everything they make in the restaurant, is hard to beat.
4	great sushi for all that u can eat . the best in north west Las Vegas. The main trick is to order all of your rolls in the beginning. We will always come back.only down side is that the  Service is  slow.
4	Food is always good. Never a long wait. Servers are easy to het a hold of.
5	My wife and I eat here once a week, the fish is fresh. After reading the review about smelly fish, I'm sorry but if it smelled fishy return it and tell them.! the review read you were there late at night. common sense "forgot there's nothing common about common sense" says to question food that does not smell or taste right. just eat it and write a negative review. This place shines in my eyes. the chef's will make anything you want and the all you can eat option well we eat ala carte and end up spending the same amount of money and don't worry about the hour limit you have with AYCE.My wife would eat here every day of the week if we could afford to, me to!Try it and judge for yourself!Where ever you eat, if something's not right open your mouth and look for the health inspectors rating posted in the restaurant !
2	This is our usual spot for sushi. And is usually great. This time however , I was a bit disappointed. Different sushi guys make it different. Lately the sushi presentation was messy, falling apart and I actually had the rainbow roll that tasted fishy!!! And the rolls were messy and totally fell apart. I love comin here and it's close to home. But I'm gonna give it a break for  a minute so they can get their shit together. They are great and nice people..
4	Good AYCE place for super white tuna and plum ice cream. Half of the servers are great while the others have mentally checked out.
5	Our favorite place to eat in North Las Vegas.  They have great reasonably priced lunch specials and the all you can eat deal.  We go here to celebrate occasions whenever possible.  The sushi is always great and the staff is super friendly.  The service is excellent.  Their rolls are excellent and they give you a good portion on the Nigiri sushi.  If you do the all you can eat meal be sure to order some of the hot items from the kitchen - my favorites are tempura, shumai, calamari, fired oyster, edamame, and gyoza.  The lunch specials are filling an all under $10.
1	I'm an avid sushi eater and this place is a hole in the wall that you DO NOT want to spend your money on. Got the all you can eat for an hour. The waitress was an older Filipino lady who seemed really bothered to take our order. She came around twice and we never saw her again. We couldn't even utilize the all you can eat because no one was around and we weren't the only ones complaining that night.We said f-it and left. Went to complain and the guy that took our money couldn't speak English. There are way better sushi spots in Vegas. Don't waste your time here.
1	i went here this past fathers day with my wife's pops. this place smelled like rotten eggs, ( like a gas leak) the floor had trash and old food on it. sushi was a bit warm when it should be cool or cooler, raw fish shouldnt be outside vegas temp. im happy that i didnt get sick.
3	Well, several months ago my rating would have been much higher, but the last time we went, the service was much slower and the sushi not as good.  We do like the AYCE days, and we take advantage of it.  Even with slow service, it is worth it, because we EAT SUSHI - a lot of it, and everything on their menu, even the $15 special rolls are included with the AYCE.  We usually go on the days when it includes wine or beer, and it is definitely worth the price.  We are traditionalists and therefore don't usually eat the Americanized cream cheese and avocado stuffed rolls, and it's harder to ruin the standard fish and rice sushi.  But some of the rolls being served are gorgeous.  All the cooked things I have had, yakitori, hamachi kama, etc. have been very good!  I have to say that every time we have been there, the fish has been fresh, but the care going into it and the little touches (like making it pretty) just haven't been there.  They don't use wasabi in their sushi either, which is strange.  I guess I could ask them to do, but we just put it into our soy sauce and dip the sushi in it.  Needless to say, we will be going back.
1	I will never come back to this place. Went there for lunch, i paid for lunch price and my husband the dinner price. Waitress will not let me order my husbands choices that was only available for dinner price. Why does iit matter? Theres a limit 1on their special sushi anyway. Even the dessert i wanted mochi and she said it was only available for the dinner price. And her point was? So my husband had to actually order it since he paid for the dinner price.nbad bad service
5	We drive from the south west part of town to have Sushi here!! LOVE IT!!! Love the folks...though service can be a bit slow....some of the best nigiri I have ever had and love some of the unique rolls!
5	I don't know why people hate on this place! This is the best sushi place ever. Service is fast and all the servers are nice and beautiful! My favorite roll there is the tuna lover's ! I highly recommend eat here!!
3	I used to love coming here, I introduced a bunch of my friends to this place but lately it's not been the Sushi Tachi I remember loving so much.The last time I came, the rolls were kinda loose  and sloppy looking. It's like they didn't care how the food looked. To me food is visual, especially sushi so in my mind, it didn't taste as great as it once did when they payed attention to details. I still love all their little small plates that come with the AYCE menu; especially the poke salad, seaweed salad, gyoza, shumai, fried oysters, shrimp tempura. I really hope that it was just a bad day the last time I was here and not the standard of what this place has come to these days. It'll take me a while to make it back there to find out.
2	Mediocre at best. Much better AYCE in the area.
4	I just left this restaurant and I'm a big fan. I tried a 1/2 roll that had shrimp tempura, avocado, and cream cheese on the inside and then crunch and eel sauce on the outside. It was really good and perfect for me since I'm pregnant and can't/won't eat real sushi. I then ordered the dinner special which is like a bento box. This is my review of the items in that dinner special:miso soup - pretty good but a little saltier than I'm used tosalad w/ house dressing - it was ok teriyaki chicken - I did not like thiswhite rice - averageshrimp/vegetable tempura - pretty goodcalifornia roll - delicious and it comes with 8 huge piecesMy husband and I also ordered the tempura fried chocolate ice cream which was delicious. I also have to rave about the price. My dinner special was only $10 and my 1/2 roll was around $4. These are great prices and I was beyond stuffed when we left!! I'll definitely go back!
4	Pretty good for all you can eat. DO NOT order the Lasagna Roll! Fuuuuuuuuuh!!!
4	Good AYCE and sushi is very good.
5	Can't beat the all you can eat all you can drink Sunday - Wednesday for only $25! Very clean and can get busy on the all you can drink nights. The service is good, but the food is what keeps me as a customer. We go there about 4 or more times a month. Definitely recommended it to friends!
5	I always get the dinner special here! Service here is super friendly and helpful. Parking is free and its not hard to find. Havnt tried the all you can eat sushi yet but one of these nights i will. There hamachi kama is also super ono over here. Prices are pretty cheap too for what you get. I bring friends here and they all surprised at what we get and the quality of the food. If your looking for good quality japanese styled food this is a good stop if your up here on the north side of town.
5	Let me start my Yelp reviews with the restaurant I love, and visit the most. I really love the fresh sushi from Tachi. I always order salmon roe, masago, garlic tuna, and crab sticks. (Yes, I know it's not real crab). My parents order the Cajun albacore and Love it. Not too much rice with your fish. Go there!
5	Definitely my favorite sushi restaurant in town. The all you can eat and drink is a great value.
5	This place is awesome! I used to go to Yama Sushi on flamingo but this place is so much faster to seat you and friendlier staff! Plus you have to sit 10 inches from a person you don't know cause Yama sushi is small and crowded. Sushi tachi is my favorite place in Las Vegas.
2	I ventured all the way up here from Henderson to meet a friend for dinner. The restaurant is on the small side (but about average for a sushi place) and doesn't have the best decor. The booths are ripped and worn and there isn't really any unifying decor theme to speak of. They offer both a la carte and AYCE options (AYCE is $27 per person for 60 minutes). We ate glutton-style. The menu is huge and the waitstaff definitely doesn't give you enough time to look over the whole thing before they're standing over you, ready for your order. You are able to order more than one item at a time, which is nice. The sushi bar is quick, while the kitchen is a bit on the slow side. The sushi was fine. The fish was good-quality, but none of the rolls I sampled really wowed me. They are a bit rice-heavy and every single roll has sauce, which can be dangerous. None of the flavors really melded or set each other off in a delicious way. This restaurant seems to be an excellent example of doing a lot not that well, rather than doing a little bit extremely well. I think if they pared the menu down by half (seriously, it's that huge) and created a handful of well thought-out, complementary rolls, the experience would be much more enjoyable.Food to dollars ratio: unimpressive, might be worth it if you're in the neighborhood.
4	Great little neighborhood sushi place. Nothing special; it's gets the job done.Warning: the 911 roll is CRAZY hot. Seriously spicy.
5	I can't say anything bad about this place. The service is excellent and they're all so friendly. You can see that they all help each other out. Location is in a nice neighborhood (just outside of Aliante). The restaurant is modern and clean. The food is fresh and delicious.
5	Love the ayce
5	Yummy sushi after work. Best AYCE!
4	I always get the Dragon roll and I think the name of the other roll I get is called the moon roll. The fact that they have half orders available on the menu really tickles my fancy. It's very affordable and the quality is good for the price.I would say the only downsides are that I'm too short whenever I sit at the sushi bar, and the servers make me feel like I'm being smothered. Never fails.
3	Solid sushi place if you're looking for your sushi fix. Not the best sushi i've had by any means, but the Rock'NRoll and the Cristina Roll are good with a little bit of eel sauce drizzled on top. If you've never tried sushi before, know that this place is only average in terms of taste and if you don't like it, don't give up on sushi. Have also had other items on the menu besides the sushi and it's also good food. Great wait staff. Awesome service.
4	Found this restaurant on yelp. Decided to do the All you can eat sushi bar for 26$ and some change. Sunday - Thursday it includes all you can drink budlight or house sake. Plus they take your order and make it for you fresh . The only catch is you have one hour to eat everything you ordered .. Anything left over they will charge you for. Since we went in a group of two females that was a bit intimidating and the only reason I didn't give five stars. I understand the desire to not waste food but without a actual timer you're on the edge of your table the whole meal. It seems to me they may be a bit relaxed about it.Our service was Awesome.. Our server was helpful and friendly but everyone working was really nice . A server named David really stood out. He was engaging and friendly and very happy to help!! He even gave me the kiddie chopstick helpers since I'm fail. For the money spent we got tons of food fromTempura, Gyoza to Sushi rolls and even delicious green tea ice cream at the end. It was a really good time !
4	Love that Bud Light and house sake are included in AYCE Sun-Wed. That, and pretty decent AYCE sushi for NLV makes it awesome!!! Yes, I do have a AYCE sushi in Vegas that I like better, but I live soooo much closer to this place..... An easy 4 stars in my book!  Fresh raw fish is my main criteria!
4	Great, really. Good service, even better prices--great sushi. Try the rock and roll, and fried Philadelphia roll. Awesome.
2	Sushi Tachi...what happened??You used to be one of my favorite AYCE spots in town...and definitely the best place in the North to get my fix!Most of the nigiri was good, but there were some cuts that were boring and slightly stale, and others that were completely falling apart! Some of the cuts were so thin that they were literally ripping apart off the rice without me touching it! Maybe it is a newer chef, or maybe they need to sharpen their knives....Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-tachi-north-las-vegas?select=oMnMM29bSkwcsK7hv_PCPQ#oMnMM29bSkwcsK7hv_PCPQI didn't even take a pic of the Unagi because I was embarrassed for them...presentation wise, and the flavor and consistency was not there. I would say it was the worst Unagi I've had, and I am fairly easy to please.Not all of it was bad though.  The salmon rolls and sake nigiri tasted good, as well as a few other cuts of fish.  But nothing really stood out or made a statement.  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-tachi-north-las-vegas?select=nKhIP82ww3Gp16U6uBgYXg#nKhIP82ww3Gp16U6uBgYXgService was also slow on parts...we ordered the Amaebi with fried shrimp heads, but we never received the heads. Since we were getting full, we never brought it up to them. We all ordered dessert, ate dessert, got the bill...and paid. Then the shrimp heads came out LOL.  Amaebi : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-tachi-north-las-vegas?select=esR6TXBJwPtJXmlispBj7Q#esR6TXBJwPtJXmlispBj7QFinished off with some tempura ice cream : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-tachi-north-las-vegas?select=c7IPzJpOtnUa2JqQ-LlnWw#c7IPzJpOtnUa2JqQ-LlnWwI won't try to steer you away from Tachi, but I can't recommend it to anyone anymore! Drive farther in town to get something better!
3	If you're in the North side, looking for AYCE sushi, then this is your spot. But if you have the chance to travel somewhere else, then I suggest you do so. Sushi is delicious here but service is a big deal if you're going to interact with them every 10 minutes or so. Ate here twice already, once with just my boyfriend & I then the second time with his whole family. Both occasions were different servers & both were not attentive, nice or friendly.You need better servers for AYCE, just saying. But food was yummy. Will only try it again if I'm craving AYCE sushi & I'm in the North side.
5	love this place food is great and the staff too.
5	I love this place. The servers are nice and always smiling and the Sushi is amazing!! Great atmosphere and great food. Their All You Can Eat Sushi is worth it specially since it includes Sake and beer! Food is always fresh and delicious. One of my favorite Sushi places in Vegas.
5	I've been to this place over a dozen times, great service and excellent fresh sushi, they have football jerseys hanging on the walls and always have some kind of sport playing on the tube, their ahi poke bowl is delicious! from handrolls to uni they have sushi that's first timer friendly.
5	What an experience! Dined here while visiting friends in the area. It was decided before we arrived we'd be having the $26 pp all you can eat option. I was a little skeptical that all the items we'd try would've tasty or that the portion size for an all you can eat option would be very big. I was wrong on both accounts though! Very tasty sushi, miso soup, cucumber salad & beer!! Couldn't believe the number if items available on the all you can eat menu nor the number of items we constantly had rotating from the sushi bar to our table. This place would be a very dangerous option for this sushi loving couple if we lived it the area. Would love to come back again the next time we're in town.
1	This place needs a health inspection. The walls, the tables, and especially the kitchen need to be inspected. The fish is not fresh n falls on health problems..
1	Where do i begin....We decided to drive out of our way to check out this spot based on the reviews and the AYCE with AYCD (all you can drink) included. So it turns out the address on yelp is incorrect because it took us at least 6 miles out of the way. We get there just to find out that they only do the AYCE with AYCD on certain days. I understand that i shouldn't rely completely on internet information to determine menu and address, but doesn't the business itself heavily rely on the information online to generate business?? We got there disappointed and explained our situation and that the information on yelp was incorrect. They showed no sympathy at all to make an exception and honor the deal. It is also sad that I, the customer, has to inform the people that the address is incorrect. If you decide for whatever dumb reason to go to this retched place, the correct address is 2805 W Centennial Pkwy
1	10-4-2013 1700 (5pm) Friday8 people in the restaurant. Was placed at a table and immediately noticed the table was filthy, look around and others in the same shape. Not dishes, food residue on the table. Ask busboy to clean uses a very wet cloth a couple of swipes and leaves the table wet. Mad because he had to do his job. Ordered Calamari fish was not cooked. Ordered sashimi dinner salmon was very old tried to cover it up with lemon slices. While I was eating the chef started some fish in the salamander about two minutes, then was told wrong order so he pulled out laid it on the back counter. A little later chef put it back in salamander and served it to someone else. There is food on walls, food on chairs, fish not stored at proper temperatures. Pre made starters wrapped in Saran Wrap about ten out in the open on the back of counter. I was up half the night with bowl problems. The worst thing about this experience, I have been going there since it opened. This OWNER takes, but doesn't put anything back into the business. It is very popular, but someone is going to get very sick.City and county FOOD inspectors  need to come inspect now.
1	This place is going down hill! My wife and I used to frequent it as one of the better all you can eat sushi places in vegas.  The waitress took my wife's order wrong and then got mad and tried to force her to eat it anyway! She has been ignoring us for the past 20 min as we have been trying to order more, so much for all you can eat!  Do your self a favor and try yama sushi or sushi kaya!  They have better sushi and way better service even on their busiest night! For 70$ a couple, spend the extra gas and drive to yama sushi or sushi kaya!  Best two places to eat in vegas!
4	This place is either going to be great or it's going to be quite an irritating experience depending what time you go. i have been there a few times in the duration of a few months usually on sat. around dinner. last night i went an hour and a half before last call it was great no one as pushing me to hurry up, service was great, and the food is adequate. I won't give up on this place it has so much potential i'll give it another go. Also if it's convenient i recommend sitting at the bar there is this sushi chef there who is simply just delightful to talk with if you are by yourself and he will take care of you, because of him this place gets 4 stars instead of 3
4	We are regulars, go about every week or so. Mostly because it is so close to our house but it is also very good!We love their bento lunches and the fact that they do 1/2 rolls.The staff here knows us here and while its good to have a familiar place to go to, one of the servers especially, NEVER ceases to ask if we need forks EVERY single time we go. Even when we say no she will leave them at our table. A bit rude.Otherwise. The food is great, no complaints there, we always order the gyoza special and lunch special.Also, their Hawaiian Roll is a must! A good neighborhood sushi spot overall! Love it!
3	The worst service ever!! Only reason I still come here is because the sushi is so good. But the service pisses me off every time. They forget to bring out wasabi every time. Slow to check up on us. I'd give it a single star but the sushi is the only thing saving it.
4	Still my favorite sushi in this area. We love their cajun tuna. My family has always had good luck with the freshest fish.
5	I love Sushi Tachi. This place is awesome, it feels like home. Friendly staff and always a great time listening to the chefs talk and have a good time. Yuka is also great! ;)
4	My husband and I go once in a while and the food is always great. The only down side is sometimes the wait time to get food, but overall very tasty!!
5	This has been my #1 pick sushi spot since I moved to vegas from LA!! Hard to compare to the sushi places back home, but this one is great! Staff is great n the food is just amaze-balls!! The atmosphere is family friendly and fun! My favorite is the volcano roll & baked mussels! The only thing I wish they would add to their menu is green tea tempura ice cream!! Every sushi bar I've been to serves it except this one!! Hopefully they will add it soon.. Other than that no question about it.. If you're a local n love sushi this place is for you!!!
3	I really like Sushi Tachi for a few different reasons, but I don't think it's the best sushi I've ever had. They have a really good selection of rolls, and all you can eat as well. I've never ventured into the ayce realm so I can't speak about that.The special roll listed at the bar is always good and interesting. My favorite part is that this place let's you order half rolls, which is awesome for me. I get a bigger variety with less waste! The miso soup is nothing special, vegetable tempura is good. I love their steamed shrimp shumai. Delicious.The service here is hit or miss. Some of the servers seem confused most of the time. I've had many items forgotten and wrong items brought. It's never a catastrophe, but hopefully they'll step up their game!
5	Great service, very nice employees and the Sushi Rocks! You don't have to order from the menu only they will customize your rolls the way you like without attitude.
5	So bomb! I ordered a-la-carte instead of AYCE because otherwise you can't take home leftovers! Lame. Anyway, dank sushi, sweet servers/chefs, cool vibes. Hella glad my friend showed me this spot! I wish I had known about it when I lived in vegas!!! Also, the menu items have hilarious names. Always a bonus. And the AYCE is also AYCD sake/beer!
5	I go here ONLY for the chicken Cutlet curry, which is 99% on point with coco ichibanya in japan. It is the closest thing we can find as military members to treat us like we are in Japan still. Even though I can drive 4-5 hours to california for the actual coco ichibanya, this is the next best thing. Sushi is also delicious there!!!
3	Sushi wasn't bad (though I didn't think there was variety like I've seen other places), better than expected but the service was lacking. No one offered to fill my water until after we got our bill. We had to sit at the bar cause they were so busy and the sushi chef wasn't personable. He made no eye contact whatsoever and we ordered a roll he mumbled a response and we weren't sure he even got it right. I probably won't go again but if you need a quick fix and don't want to drive far give it a shot.
3	When I was out in the Las Vegas area I used to go to this sushi bar quite often. One of the benefits of eating here was the made-to-order, all you can eat sushi specials during lunch time. I wonder if they still have this going but if you were looking for a cheap sushi meal, then go no further. However, I've definitely had better sushi in my life before (I've been to Japan twice, and there is a great sushi bar in Kansas City, MO which is excellent.)
5	The best sushi in town, plus they have all you can eat. So you get all you can eat of the best sushi in town for a great price. I will not go to another sushi place. Just saying.
4	Here you can get all the sushi you can eat for $24.99 and this includes your drink. They have a regular menu for people who are with those who love sushi but you might not. The sushi is actually pretty good. The service is excellent. Hey why not.
5	Excellent sushi!  The chef, once figuring out our group's tastes, surprised us with one delicious roll after another.My personal favorite was the rolls topped with thin lemon slices.
4	Yummy sushi and one of the better ones in northwest Las Vegas. Definitely regulars here and go during off hours like Monday and Tuesday for lunch because you will definitely get all the attention from the sushi chef.
5	Wonderful service, great food and kind people. This is better then Kaya in Chinatown. Cleaner, cooler, no wait, polite. I really enjoyed and will be back for the all you can eat again.
3	The sushi was awesome we tried the Philadelphia, Rainbow, flying Jason, and black jack roll. All were great. The only reason they got a three is halfway through all of the waiters in the entire restaurant disappeared for 15 minutes. The sushi chef finally called them after we looked around several times. Also the waitress was very rushed and pushy when taking/waiting for your order but then never comes back. Go for good sushi, not service.
5	Super yummy, good service.  AYCE had a nice extensive menu--well worth the price in my opinion.  And beer/saki is included for their AYCE menu Sun-Wed!  I used to live in this area and never realized how much I loved this place until it was farther for me to get to and I had to start trying other places.  Let's just say they don't compare :-) Will definitely be taking the time to drive out here and start hitting it up more often.
5	We are never disappointed and we've always had great service. Our family favorite!
4	Very good service and quality sushi, only issue is that it is a little bit more expensive than other AYCE places ($25 for lunch).  Also, the location on the Yelp map is waaayyy off, use Google Maps if you want to find the correct location.
5	Great sushi, service,  and atmosphere! Love their tuna lovers roll and the monthly special roll.
5	Best sushi place in North  Vegas.  Even my 4 year old loves it too. She had me take her 2 days in a roll for her kids chicken teriyaki with California rolls, she finishes almost everything.  For me my favorite is the Sexygirl rolls. Great place and friendly staff.
5	Sushi Tachi is a 5-star staple that our work personnel frequent regularly when we're in town. The AYCE is well priced, and offers a multitude of different speciality rolls including baked rolls and others menu items as well. I absolutely recommend the Crunch Roll, Sexy Girl Roll, Dragon Roll and the chicken teriyaki. With the AYCE you also get the Red Bean, Green Tea, and Plum ice cream that I suggest that you do not pass up. The service is fast and very welcoming, and the inside is very clean as well. One of my favorite things about Sushi Tachi is that the chef's are more than willing to make customized rolls to your specific liking, and will add or exclude anything you'd like on a menu item. Also, the servers frequently check up on you and ask if their is anything you'd like from the kitchen as well. Overall, Sushi Tachi is a 5-star restaurant that serves phenomenal speciality rolls and offers a full-sized menu that's almost all covered during their AYCE special. I give Sushi Tachi my highest recommendation.
4	A great deal. Best All You Can Eat Sushi in the Northwest part of Las Vegas. I love the New Year's Eve Roll!! crunchy. Sushi chefs are nice and personable. AYCE and drink is also awesome!!
2	We were in the area and starving for lunch. We decided against AYCE and instead ordered some lunch specials and a couple of appetizers to share.We ordered the shumai and gyoza to start. These were decent, but nothing amazing. Two of my dining companions complained about the shumai tasting overly fishy. I ordered the sushi lunch for my entree. It included five pieces of sushi and a California roll. The sushi and roll were not good. The fish was not fresh and the California roll had an unpleasant texture. The service was really friendly and they accommodated all the specific requests our table had, but I don't think I would come back even if I was in the area again.
5	Very small place, but well worth a stop. Great all you can eat sushi.  Very friendly service.  Try the Chi Chi Rolls. Our favorite sushi on the North side.
5	Once again, Tachi is so convenient! I enjoy the sushi. Keep in mind it is AYCE, not Yellowtail at the Bellagio. Price is fair and the all you can drink Bud Lights are a blessing in disguise. I recommend the Christina Roll, the ahi poki, and Cajun albacore. Stop by and ask for Yuka!
5	Wow awesome salmon. It's like they just fished it out of the river or something.Normally I don't do reviews but I really love the food here. The service is awesome and the food is great. I suggest the shrimp tempura hand rolls and the poke. Some of my faves. If you're interested in AYCE this is definitely one of the best spots in town. A hidden gem in North Las Vegas for sure. It gets busy so word of advice: try and reserve if you've got a large group!
