4	A solid slice of greasy thin-crust pizza with a nice sauce (tasted like BBQ sauce and pizza sauce mixed) - busy with locals - no ambiance, except for outdoor dining option.Note: Tempe had a lot of what they call "gutter punks" - drugged out suburban panhandlers. I didn't expect it.
3	Slices is the kind of place that people go to for lunch because it's close.  Don't get me wrong, it's not bad.  But the quality of the food is really secondary to the location.  If you like people-watching, you can stare at the freaks on Mill Ave while you nibble on some pizza.  It's also near to ASU, so if you're stuck on campus without a car, this is a good option.The food itself is pretty average.  Slices has some really creative pizza ideas- pesto with feta cheese, loaded baked potato, and enchilada are some of the more odd varieties.   Unfortunately, their creativity is hampered by their practice of pre-making all the pizza.   The pizza is always ready-made.  Slices seems to use the same sort of half-prepared method that Sbarro in your mall's food court used to.  They cook it almost to the point of being hot and then let it sit until someone orders a slice.  Then, the slice goes into the oven so that it's oven-fresh temperature if not oven-fresh tasting when you get it.This place gets busy and seating is limited, so avoid busy hours if you're unwilling/unable to stand or find seating elsewhere.
4	Love the pizza varietyInside is small and pretty filthy.fair prices.usually someone asks for money while I'm there.the other locations are much nicer.
4	I love this place, its great to curve pizza cravings without having to order a whole pizza and its great when you are with a group and they can't agree on what type of pizza to order, here they can get whatever they want.. Bad news first.. Depending on the time of day the pizza can be tough.. it isn't made to order.. they make all the pies in advance then when you order they throw a slice back into the oven to reheat, which isn't bad.. but when you go in late at night or between rushes you can sometimes end up with a pizza that is tough.. Over then that! I still love the there pizza, The white pizza is the best it has a light butter taste, pesto, tomatoes, and wonderful cheese.. can't get enough. The classic pepperoni is great and they have it with a bunch of other options; with mushrooms; sausage; black olive; etc.. They also have a huge mixtures of pizza's that you don't normally see, such as a greek theme with artichokes, mixture of olives, feta, and more goodness.. They also have chicken bqq and just a bunch of stuff.. I love it because it tastes good, its cheap, and you can get basically whatever you could possibly ask for on a slice.. and its great hangover  food or to wrap up a night of drinking..
4	4 stars for what it is - cheap pizza. And cheap pizza is good pizza. And this is some of the best cheap pizza I've had around the university area. I'm down here a few times a month, whenever I don't have a full hour for lunch. The line moves pretty fast, even in the middle of the lunch rush, and there's a pretty good selection. For vegetarians, there are usually at least 3 or 4 veggie options other than just plain cheese - but not right when they open at eleven.Eating inside can be fine or annoying depending what they're playing on the TV, which varies quite a bit, anything from Spike TV's MXC (hilarious) to Barney (extremely disturbing - seriously, have you ever sat and watched one of these shows? Some freaky-deaky shit!!) and everything in between.
3	it gets the job done. fast . kind of pricy for what you get. but its open late and thats all thats all that matters sometimes. better the gus's
2	What is with the guy working there? He is seriously pissed-off every-time I go in. Actually last time I was there I walked out because he was yelling at one of the workers and it made me want to cry. I wish she would have walked out too. The time before that he was rude, not just rude, but a complete jerk to the people in front of me, what an a-hole. 2 stars because it is downstairs from my work, and it's cheap and if one of my co-workers goes to get a slice they always have my hawaiian pie.
3	Good place to grab a slice of your favorite pizza for a couple bucks.  Can't go wrong with options like that!
5	This can't just be good drunk food for ridiculously affordable prices because i came her during college for lunch and dinner and for "Only Meal" as in, the only meal i can afford and have time to consume. HUGE generous slices. i love the tomato pesto pizza!I think every Slices is either owned or operated or both, by a Brazilian. i only say this because at every location, falam portugues. Well that little Portuguese-speaking man did a rather heroic thing last Saturday: stopped a fight that erupted not 2 minutes after we got our pizza and made our way outside to eat it. i don't know the details. Charisma is always the one who can spot a good fight and sees the best part while the rest of us watch the clean-up, unfulfilled. Some big body-builder type punched this tall skinny guy in a nerd sweater. i kept hearing something about a snapple and an arizona ice tea. someone got hit over the head with one and started swinging(?) allegedly...
3	Good pizza. Cheap.
3	Slices is good for a East Coast pizza fix. Nice thin slices, heated to crunchy after you select from a bank of pre-made pizzas. Cheap, quick eats for lunch!
4	Excellent pizza & lemonade, somewhat rude service. The pizza was honestly some of the best I have had in awhile. The prices are somewhat high and according to the server a cheese slice is the same price as a slice of buffalo chicken; weird. Overall Slices is a rocking place to grab a quick bite before a baseball game or a trip to Casino Arizona. I recommend the Spicy Chicken & the Chicken Parm pizza's, off the hook!
5	I don't know about all the New York vs Boston pizza that I see written here.  But I do know that Slices has great pizza (definitely the best in the Mill District) at extremely cheap prices.
4	Very crispy thin slices that have terrific toppings.  Yes, the pizza is pre-made and on display under glass on the counter (9-10 different varieties at lunch) but they give it a couple of minutes in the oven before they serve it to you.The key to this place I think is to get there when they open or after they start making their dinner pizzas.  Fresh and hot is best.I really like this place.  Its simple, good and the value is pretty decent for the size of the slice.I really enjoy any of their pesto pizzas and greek pizzas.  Very good.
5	love the crust.... love the generous pieces... price is good (especially for some of the other places around here)if your not looking for a hot and ready pizza, then order yours ahead of time. sandy N. obviously is not from tempe
3	Slices is good late night pre or post bar pizza.  Pizzas a pre-cooked and on display for your choosing.  Pick a slice or two and they toss them in the oven for a few minutes and serve them up fairly warm.  If you want it hot hot tell them and they'll do it.  While this isn't the best pizza in the world, it certainly is appreciated after a night of boozin.  If you're looking for a gourmet pie try another spot.
2	Slices Pizza is pretty good, not the best though. But if you are on Mill Ave its the best Pizza option.  Uno's is around the corner and probably the worst pizza in Phoenix.  If the main guy that works there was not so rude probably would have given it 3 stars.  If you are in Tempe a much better Pizza place is Red Devil Pizza about 5 minutes South.
3	Great pizza at a decent price, with horrible counter service. A Ctrl-F search of the word "rude" on this place's Yelp page will show 4 results, which doesn't surprise me the least.Make that 5 results now.
4	Any place with a boisterous Bostonian as an owner and Red Sox memorabilia plastered on the walls automatically makes me a fan. The fact that their pizza is delicious makes me an even bigger fan. All these people who say the counter service is rude have obviously never been to Boston, and cannot appreciate the assholeic nature of its inhabitants. I mean, do you really think the people who are taking your order really give a shit about how you're doing? I don't. Anyway, I ordered 8 pizzas for the office the other day and tried 3 different kinds, yes I can slaughter an ungodly amount of pizza, and I don't care about the repercussions. Call me a fat kid if you want.. The crust is perfection. The cheese, oh god, the cheese is a mouthgasm, the toppings are all fresh and delicious and the slices are HUGE. They also sell em by the slice @ $3.25, but considering what I just said, its totally fair. They have a potato, bacon and cheese kind that I am dying to try, and since lunch is in an hour and its a 45 second walk away, I'm probably going to go satisfy my craving... and then some... My only complaint is that they don't deliver.. but other than that, its wicked pissah.
2	A staple of Mill Ave. for years, Slices is the place to go when it's 2am, the bar has kicked you out, and you're still too drunk off of cheap well vodka to drive (or stumble) home just yet. Expect a crowd of like minded individuals, all of whom are hungry, and most of whom are at least a little beligerant. There's always potential for a couple dbags to get into a fight, so there may be some entertainment provided. Great for people watching, but unfortunately their pizza is pretty weak. Thin slices that sit out for way too long, only to be briefly reheated and served up slightly stale, usually very greasy. They do have some great toppings, their chicken has always proved pretty decent, and as a few other mentioned, they've got a good pesto option as well. All in all though, even when I am drunk here at 2am, I find the overall quality of the food to be sub-par. As for the service, well, if you had to deal with as many obnoxious, drunk college students as these guys did, you'd be in a hurry to rush as many assholes out the door as possible too.
3	Slices consistantly satisfies my cravings for pizza. I've been to different locations, but the Mill Ave location is by far my favorite of the bunch. It's not the best pizza out there, but I give them props for variety.
3	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food6 Service5 Atmosphere8 ValueSlices of pizza don't travel well.  Cheese sticks to paper bag, grease soaks through paper bag, etc.  So there being so little space to sit and eat is disappointing.  And the service is disinterested.  But the pizza is good enough that I still enjoy eating here.
2	I am not a huge slices fan, but let me start by saying I know a lot of people who are. I've gone in for a slice at lunch and each time find that the pizza is a bit cold and has been sitting there for a while - doesn't look that great. The location is crowded and waiting in line is uncomfortable. Also, not that they can control this, but I want to gag walking to and from because I have to pass by Hippie Gypsy and that nasty incense smell makes me loose my appetite. Let me conclude by saying the pizza is not all that bad though.
4	Ok I typically make it a habit to not criticizing others reviews but I can't help myself here. There are a few reviews who state it is expensive.. I don't consider $3 for a one topping slice pricey.. What cheapo world are these people living in?There are a few reviews who bash the ambiance. What are you looking for? It is an order at the counter pizza joint.And finally the reviews who complain the guy is rude.. He is from Boston and takes your order, he probably takes over 100 counter orders in an hour.. What do you want a hug? I've been frequenting this place for over 10 years and I say 4 stars for what it is - Individual slices with tons of variety, great for when you're in a lunch rush or ending a booze fest.
4	I enjoyed the experience.  Good selection, decent prices, and quick service.I tried two interesting options: chicken pesto pizza and baked potato pizza.  Enjoyed both a lot.
5	Let me start off by saying that there are several Slices restaurants in the Valley. The one on Mill is by far the best. They have the most amazing and original selection of pizza.  No matter what you pick, it will be good.  If your favorite isn't available when you walk in, no problem! They will make it for you! If you are looking for a slice of heaven, you MUST try the salad pizza.  No, its not lettuce on crust!  It is simply the most unbelievable creation that includes artichokes, red pepper, and spinach.  It is great by itself, but ask for them to put balsamic dressing on top.  The balsamic takes it from being amazing to last meal quality :-)
4	This is my favorite "pizza by the slice" place in AZ.They always have a nice array of different pizzas out there.I usually end up with a something simple like a slice of pepperoni & jalapenos.This is as close as you get to a "big city" pizza joint in AZ.Haven't tried it yet?  Do yourself a favor and make your way over to Slices and grab a bite.
4	It's hard being a NYer and trying to find decent pizza up in here.  Had a date tonight.  He's fairly new to the area and lives in *gasp* Gilbert.  So, we picked something in the middle.  I suggested Mill Ave, because at least we could mock people as we wandered around.It was chaos.  Did all the douchebags leave Scottsdale for the night?  The answer is...YES.So, we wanted something to eat and both agreed on pizza.  This was street food, as we wanted to walk around some more.  Saw the slices that people were eating and we both said "Now THAT'S a NY pizza slice!Cheap, fast and fun service.  The place was packed because of some football game going on.  Whatever.All I know, is that you're supposed to have a slice of pizza that you have to fold in half to eat so the grease drips down your elbow.  Slices came through.
4	During my "Mill Avenue Years", Slices was always a great way to cap off the night after everything else had closed.  Pretty good pizza, especially for people from Boston, but mostly location and hours of operation.  Slices is the Filibertos of pizza for me.
4	I was in Tempe, AZ during 2008 and was having a great time on Mill Ave.  I was getting so hungry and I've seen some people eating some HUGE pizza slices.  So, I stopped one of these hungry people and asked where they got the slices.  They told me where to go.Funny is that when I was walking there and was almost there, there was some drunk girl lying her face on a table.  All of a sudden, she just fell and the table came crashing down and everyone was like... OH SH*T!  I held my laughter and went into Slices.Mmmmmmmmm!  OH MY!  So awesome looking pizzas!  I got 2 pepperoni slices and waited for my cab.  I finished those 2 slices within 2 mins.  I had them stacked on eachother and folded them, just like how John Travolta ate his in Saturday Night Fever.JUST SO GOOD!I gave this review 4/5 stars since the pizza was darn good, but not the best, and the service was very speedy.  I'm DEFINITELY coming back again when I'm doin my Mill Ave rounds =D
4	Don't let the unkempt look deceive you, their pizza is pretty amazing. The fact that the price is pretty cheap is just an added bonus. Compared to other places in the area, its a steal for good food. When you don't feel like paying 10 bucks for a meal that would otherwise cost half that, Slices is great.I couldn't decide between three or four stars because of how dirty the eating area looks. However, I give them the benefit of the doubt for having really good pizza and pretty friendly staff - at least anytime I've ever been there. Its small and homely inside but for me it adds to the atmosphere. Oh and its conveniently located next to a Palm Reader and the Hippie Gypsy...
5	THIS IS ANTONIO'S FROM AMHERST MASSACHUSETTS.   as a UMASS graduate i was amazed to see our local pizza place out here when i moved here in 1997.  The pictures on the wall are of the UMASS location.  Antonio's sold the recipe to some grads who took it to arizona and brought the north east flavor to the desert.  This is real NY style pizza.  The bbq chicken is my favorite.  chicken, bacon and bbq sauce turn a pizza snack into a pizza meal.  Lines are long but service is so quick it moves nicely.  Best place in Arizona to get real pizza!
2	much like my eriberto's review there are certain guidelines and codes of conduct that are associated with Slices; and while i am currently a little too lazy to make an in depth crack at it here's the jist:steps to properly enjoy pizza at slices1. drown yourself in alcohol;   slices is only tolerable if thoroughly drunk, otherwise thoughts like "i wonder how long these have been sitting out under those heat lamps for" or "why is my pizza cold" or "why does this taste strange" will pop into your head, ruining your meal.2. don't bring your girlfriend here;    not only will she think you're a cheap dicknose but she'll look down on you for your horrible taste, and as a cautionary tale there is usually a minimum of 3-5 complete bromosexual pseudo-alpha males here decked out in their matching affliction shirts and amped up on enough cheap domestic light beer/red bull/anabolic steroids to make Danny Bonaducci look normal, just in case you might not want your special lady friend oggled&harassed.3. avoid at all costs;   but if absolutely necessary to eat here- choose a meat free option.   my detractors will wish they'd heeded my words when they're crouched over the commode spewing up that bacteria infested pepperoni the next day.All in all, with the various pizza options in the area;-Otto's-Tessio's-Spinato's-La Bocca-Venezia'swhy would you eat this garbage?
3	As a transplant from New York, I can tell you this pizza does not fill the void. The pizza is blandish but after the bars let out it seems to get the job done for me and my friends so it is definitely bearable! It is an unfair advantage to compare it to back home but I have had a lot worse pizza out here that is for sure so I would not count this one out. I will how ever rely on spinados for my sober pizza cravings!
2	With all of the pizza choices in the area, I can't understand why someone would choose Slices.They serve a huge variety of different pizzas, but they are all sitting out cold, so every time you order a slice, you are getting what amounts to pizza leftovers.  You know, the pizza that is still in your fridge from the night before?  Good, but not as good as when it was fresh.I don't get the crust.  It is similar to the crust used at Peter Piper Pizza from childhood.  Tasteless and gritty from the corn meal, and dry from sitting out in the open air.I know there are a lot of differing opinions regarding pizza crust, but if you are in the camp that actually eats the crust, this is not the place for you.For what you get, it seems a little over priced.  You can also order a whole pie fresh, but it seems a tad expensive for the quality.  I'd rather drive 2 miles to Southern and Mill for Venezia's Pizza.  Hell, take the bus to Venezias.  The 66 goes straight there from Slices.
3	Slices is a great place if you're in a pinch and want a quick lunch at a decent price. I wish they had more of a vegetarian selection but other than that it's a fine place for Pizza on Mill Ave.
3	Large variety of specialty pizzas served by the slice. Small patio area right on Mill for your dining pleasure. Good option for a quick lunch on Mill.
4	Pretty freaking good for a hole in the wall on Mill Ave. I have been coming here for quite some time, and the pizza is consistently delicious. They have a good variety of pizzas, and the slices are quite large. One slice does it for me, and I LOVE pizza. I would consider the atmosphere somewhat dingy and lonely if you happen to be here when it's slow, but I don't mind staying for a minute while I eat a slice of pizza with my fiance. I prefer the outdoor seating if it's nice outside, though. All around great pizza at a good price.
4	On a recent trip to AZ, I came to this Slices for the first time in YEARS after going to the bars on Mill for the first time in YEARS. When I was younger I made the usual late night drunken stops here, but my family even used to get carryout here (when we weren't drunk) because the pizza is pretty decent anyway you look at it. It's not the best out there, but decent enough. There's not really much to say about the place. It's small, there's always several varieties available by the slice, and it's cheap. The main reason I'm bumping this place from three to four stars is because, like I said, the pizza isn't that bad even when you're sober. It is better when you're drunk though...
3	This place is crowded, but best after midnight and a lot of beers on Mill. Get adventurous and try different types, they have quite a few types.You a dude? Get 2 slices! Trust me on this. Their food isn't bad, it's average pizza. For the walks home after the bars close, this pizza in 12 stars of delicious pizza heaven.
2	I went here last night with the BF cuz it was 10 pm and we hadn't eaten anything yet. The pizza is not flavorful, it's greasy and it wasn't heated up enough. If I wanted reheated flavorless pizza, I can make a frozen one at home and it would be much less expensive. Plus the place feels grungy and dirty. I used to like this place 5 years ago.... but sorry slices, not my thing anymore.
4	I just need somebody, anybody, to come pick me up from my pizza-less home right now and take me to get a slice (or two!) at Slices. The slices of pizza here are huge, and at a good price. They have a large selection, but I usually keep it simple with a cheese slice, and it always hits the spot. Don't expect some glamorous restaurant. It's very small and a little dingy with a TV on usually playing some kind of sports. It is a quick, cheap, and easy option for those of us who just can't get their acts together. Long live Slices!
4	Curious what happens when you combine random cuisine with a pizza?  Slices Pizza basically.You would be surprised how well a salad can be contained a top a pizza.   I never eat salads, so getting the chicken salad pizza was a bit out of my comfort zone.  The pizza was a good mix of chicken chunks and ranch.  The salad was just there.  Do not get the Greek salad, as a meat eater, I need some animal on my food.  The Greek salad pizza just didn't have any distinct flavors to enjoy.The gyro pizza is kind of odd, get it if you're feeling a bit more adventurous then Hawaiian.  The slices are pretty large, but if you're hungry make sure to get two.  Stop by if you need a quick bite of some Frankenstein pizza and be pleasantly surprised with the results.
3	Only been to this joint once while I was in Tempe. I got the chicken caesar slice and a philly cheese steak slice. Chicken caesar sent my taste buds to the moon, but the philly cheese steak was a big miss. Needless to say they have about 30 different types pizza slices for about 3 bucks a piece. Fresh rotations daily as well. If you are walking Mill ave and want a quick bite to eat or a tasty late night snack, don't hesitate to venture into this casual looking joint. Keep Eating, Cheers!
1	I usually go here about 1:45- 2:15 a.m. Fridays or Saturdays during the school year to watch people fight., the pizza tastes like cardboard, and the crust will cut the roof of your mouth. Also there ranch tastes weird...
4	LOVE.Perfect for a quick slice at noon or 2am. Great variety of toppings.
4	Mill Ave has a variety of different foods but working here forces me to grab something quick. Slices is great because its right around the corner and just about as fast as Jimmy Johns which gets old after several days of the same sandwich. Slices offers rather large portions of pizza for a great price. The place isn't the biggest or fanciest looking but it makes up for it by offering many different styles of pizza. The late hours also make this an ideal place for drunk nights on MIll, which happens often.
3	This place is way overpriced. $3+ for a slice is ridiculous. Filling up the cups all the way with ice and then adding the soda? Cheap. Pies left out the whole day and reheated slices for 90 seconds? Not fresh.BUT! The location is super convenient and there isn't really a competitive alternative close by. Just around the corner from Brickyard so great for Engineering students to grab a slice. Awesome selection of pies.If you do go here, be very specific about what you want. "No ice" or "Very little ice" if you're getting a drink, "Make it crispy" if you want a crispy slice or "Don't overdo it" if you don't. The employees are really nice, but if you're picky about pizza (and price!) you might not enjoy this place that much. You're really paying for convenience over quality IMHO.
5	Dear Slices Pizza,Thank you for offering a yelp check in discount!  Also, your baked potato bacon pizza is just as good as my beloved Georgios in East Lansing Michiagn.  Thank you for using russet not red skin potatos.  The only things you were missing was a sour cream topper.  Your Gyro pizza is also the bomb, very similar to my Georgios.  I was only in town for three days, but you are one of the reasons I will make the 2 hour trip to Tempe any day.  You are delicious....my only regret, is not eating more of you.  I really appreciate your thin crispness...Parting is such sweet sorrow.Till we meet again,Christy R.
4	I stopped in for a slice recently and was reminded how much I enjoy this. I used to work closer to Tempe and frequented this location regularly. A slice or two always hit the spot. Now I work further away and rarely get back here. Another huge boost with me is they deliver to World of Beer, which I am frequently in attendance. It is just across the street, but that extra service is well worth it! They have a wide variety of pizzas, and all of them are good. This is a great fast, cheap option in Tempe.
4	This place is perfect for a quick slice on the run or a late night on Mill Ave. They have a good variety of flavors and nice, friendly staff.
1	I didn't have a great experience at Gus's NY Pizza Lounge (http://www.yelp.com/biz/guss-ny-pizza-lounge-scottsdale) in Scottsdale after a recent evening of drunken debauchery, and while I was hopeful that Slices Pizza wouldn't let me down quite as much? It did. Star 1: How was the service and atmosphere?So you've just emerged from the Mill Ave. club scene having no doubt made various mistakes of any and every kind, and more than anything in the world, you require sustenance. Well, you're not only in good company, but Slices is one of the few places thats both walkable and open as far as Pizza is concerned, so you trot on in, hopefully with a recently found temporary companion in tow that won't have you questioning your choices in life come morning. As far as service? It's pretty straight forward. You walk in, you wait in line, and you're given some lamp-warmed pizza from someone who probably won't judge you to the extent that the normal human being should. Star Granted. Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?Yikes. I was in no state of mind to take a photo, but $3.55 got me a what was a pretty standard sized piece of pizza (Pepperoni Jalapeno in this case). You can see pics from other users on here, but needless to say, that's not even close to being worth it. $3.55? That's a king's fortune at any drive-thru window even at this hour. If we were looking at top of the line authentic New York pie? Sure, but we're not. No Star Granted.Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?Blech. Again, Gus's wasn't good, but I dished out a star here because they had a unique gyro flavor. Slices doesn't have a unique gyro flavor, and thus I can't really think of a single good thing about my meal there. The pizza was greasy, the crust too soft, the cheese and toppings essentially tasteless, and the portion of toppings weak. It didn't make me sick, so I suppose that's a positive. No Stars Granted.Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?I've had better. Way better, and that's the definition of two stars. I probably won't be back. No Star Granted.
4	Considering location... This is the best in Tempe. Great selection. Best place to get a meal after the bars.They keep it interesting with the slices they offer.
4	Love their White Pizza.  Their two slices and a soda combo, great value.  And extreemly delicious! The place is quite small indoors, but in a pinch you can sit out doors and people watch or take it to go.
5	Those of you who have lived in the northeast and miss the pizza should try Slices. It's a great little place serving fantastic New York/Jersey-style pizza by the slice. They do enough business that the slices are pretty fresh.  The price is reasonable, especially since the slices are pretty large (two would make a meal for most adults). The selection and creativity of the pizzas is pretty impressive, too. There's no table-side service here.  You go to the front, order, pay, find a table, and wait for them to call your order.
5	Slices Pie's are the best in town!  Im from NY so i know good pizza and i stop by Slices anytime I'm in the area.  Goooooooo Slices keep up the good work.
4	They offer delicious pizza and a variety of drinks for an okay price. I personally love heading here for a quick bite to eat. The atmosphere is very casual and the place is usually pretty cramped and crowded. My favorite pizza to get is the veggie so I can feel like I'm being somewhat healthy. ;)
5	it's our new weekly hangout. the best pizza, great service, inexpensive, comfortable environment, and did i mention the pizza? we've experimented with the rest-slices's is definitely the best.
5	Whether you're stumbling down Mill Avenue late night after an evening of drinking or hungry at lunch time slices is always a good call.
2	Lukewarm pizza under heating lamps that is dried out and extremely overpriced!Honestly I wonder if half these reviewers tried it sober if their opinions would be different.
4	It's pretty D G.
5	Great Pizza & they're open late !! I was mixing sound nearby at Tempe's Geek's night out festival & the manager generously provided me & my crew with 2 free pizza's & drinks for promoting them at the event!! The pizza was great NY style thin crust &  very tasty!I highly recommend them, my crew & I eat there often after shows & the hook up today was much appreciated !
4	Great pizza, I love their unique types of pizza like the baked potato, and the taco pizza. My fav is still bbq or cheese. So don't change slices, don't change for anyone your a strong independent pizza shop and you don't need no man!
3	This place is such a guilty pleasure. The pizza is good but it's like a certain craving for a certain type of pizza. You know? Like being drunk on Mill Ave and suddenly realizing "OH MY GOD! I'm SOOOO hungry! I need Slices!" Ha...I mean, I'm assuming that SOME people feel that way. I've NEVER been that person myself. ;-)But seriously, I don't think they ever close so pizza whenever you want! Major plus. They have tons to choose from (last time I was there they had baked potato...um YUM!) and it's cheap and quick. What more could you want? No, it's not fancy, yes the pizza is greasy but does it hit the spot? You bet it does!
2	It's overpriced pizza, for anything with more then 1 topping your looking at over $3 a slice. 2 slices and tap water for $7 w tax. Don't get me wrong its not the taste that bugs me its the price. Its good pizza, lots of flavor and they have different slices to pick from, potato, bbq chicken, pepperoni, sausage, cheese even. The best deal is if you can get everyone to agree on a whole pizza pie.The staff is less then friendly, they just ring you up take your cash or card and off you go...heck i didn't even get the total or a receipt for that matter. Had to look at my credit card online to see how much it really was... but for some reason its packed every time so that tells you right there the pizza is good i guess. The inside is a little small and crowded and not good for group lunches.
3	Can you really dislike Slices? You have 53 drunk people wanting pizza and they deliver and deliver it in good time. Probably not the best pizza in town, but good.
5	this place is the shit !
5	Best pizza on earth. I live in Vegas, we have a few decent pizza spots out here, but ever since eating at this place about 3 years ago I dream about their pizza. If you read my past reviews, you'll know I have a philosophy for good pizza. Basically, if you do it right you don't have to resort to theatrics when making pizza. I have the same philosophy for bangin too, but that's a different topic. I've had the cheese, I've had the meat lovers and I've had the hawaiian. All legit, very fresh and the crust is delicious. They have yoohoo and ibc cream soda and of coke products are always a huge plus. Sadly, I can't see myself making my way back to Tempe to go to slices anytime soon, but it'll happen.
1	When did this get so expensive? It seems like the quality has dipped and the prices have gone up? With all the competition around, y'all better get it together, because it's too late for me..
5	Huge selection of unique pizzas that all taste great. If youre on mill avenue and want a good slice of pizza be sure to stop by here. plus its open after the bars close!
4	It's hard not to like Slices. It's the perfect place to end a night on Mill (or to stop by in between bars for a quick bite). Is it be the best pizza on earth? No,but they don't try to be that. Slices is an unassuming pizza joint that gives you exactly what you want: decently good pizza when you're too drunk to leave Mill Ave. This pizza place gets an extra star for dealing with the throngs of drunken fools that bum rush this place after 2am on the weekends.
1	I didn't like it. The pizza wasn't very good and was bland. Typical cooked pizza sitting around with stale crust waiting to get re-heated.  By the time I purchased four slices and drinks, I should have taken the family to a sit-down restaurant. The staff wasn't helpful or friendly. It seemed they wanted me to hurry up so they could get back to standing around with frowns on their faces.
4	Fast tasty cheap. Parking is rough. Public parking lot on East side will save you from ticket stress risking leaving it in the circle. Bike is perfect.
4	Way better than 414! Last weekend they had some really awesome specialty pizza slices available at good prices.  They make them fresh and don't just reheat old pieces.
5	Favorite pizza place in Tempe since 1998. They have great specialty pizzas.  Some of my favorites: chicken parm, cheese & tomato, and plain cheese.  Many of my friends love the baked potato but I haven't tried that one.  There's also bbq chicken, taco, and more. The guys who opened this place are from Boston and it's a true East coast pizza place. I try to get there every time I'm in Tempe.
5	Being from Boston myself, this is one of the few places on the west coast that reminds me of the pizza back home. GREAT pizza!
