3	My better half suggested I eat here when I visited Phoenix. I think he likes it so much because he has memories here.The food was ok. The cheese crisp is really good. The best part of Rosita's was the prickly pear margaritas.
3	HEPLSeriously HEPLI kind of like this place, but really...WHAT THE F*CK IS UP WITH THESE PLACES AROUND HERE WITH NO WINDOWS?! I get a bit paranoid and creepy crawly. I know it sounds silly, but I have issues with places that are super dark and serve food.The food wasn't bad, really. It was passable. When I'm feeling super lazy I come here but make sure I eat fast and am outof there in half an hour - the no windows thing really freaks me out.Service was fast, snappy and very friendly. Food wasn't so shabby, but too bad I couldn't look outside and watch traffic.No windows place that I kind of like but will have to settle for to go.*mumbles*nowindowswtfiswrongwiththistownandrestaurantswithnowindows*mumbles*
1	Average, very average.  Wouldnt return.
3	Place is still ok...the lights were turned up this time and I saw the restaurant in its full glory. It's clean, but a little dusty here and there. Service was fast and friendly and I forgot they served Pepsi...and none of these 8oz glasses of pepsi, either. We're talking, plastic cup, chug a lug cuz you're thirsty kind of big - I was looking the glass and was thinking, "Is this a 40 oz diet pepsi goodness?!"The food was so-so. It hit the mexican food craving since Rosa's was closed on a Sunday. Damn you, Rosa's!This is still an ok place for me to eat, but I won't deliberately go there unless all other mexican food options are exhausted -- and I will choose Rosita's over Serrano's any day.psDid I mention they have big glasses of Pepsi?!Oh yea, the no windows thing still freaks me out.  :D
3	I recently had breakfast at Rosita's.  I had a pork-filled omelette, enchilada style with green sauce.  It was good.  Something different, much better than a free grand-slam from Denny's.  They serve the meal with corn bread and a sweet glaze, along with warm flour tortillas.   I paid about 9 bucks for breakfast.  I would like to go back and try out the rest of the breakfast menu.  They have a "gringo" menu that includes pancakes, etc.
4	very close to a 5...  so a 4.5 but yelp fails at halvesOnly reason prevented me from a 5 is that it's more of a family place and traditional setting that I'd like to hang out with friends at... lots of kids... sorry I can't do the screaming thing.Food wise... chips and salsa are SOO frickin good.  I used to stop by on my way home once a week and buy a big bag of chips and a big thing of their salsa... Cookin is always good and comes out pipin hot exactly as ordered and I always order custom style and they have no problem making it the way I want it.I've been going here for years and will continue to do so.  Also this one is better than the one on University.
4	I first found out about this place when my neighbor mentioned he was one of the cooks and so graciously surprised us one day with a couple platters of enchiladas and a giant bag of chips and salsa. We loved it so much we decided to go to the restaurant and eat. Just for the record,I'll have you know some of the best Mexican Food Restaurants I've eaten in have had no windows and Rositas is no exception. Service was prompt and friendly. Chips were hot and crisp. Salsa was good too but not as good as the kind we were given by our neighbor...must have been his special recipe ;-) I ordered the 2 item Lunch combo for $7.95 and chose a chicken taco and a tostada (see pics) This is something I typically order everywhere I go and it's usually swimming in grease, but not here! Not even a drop!! Everything was Hot , Fresh and Delicious!! My husband ordered their Stacked Enchilada Platter with fried eggs on top (see pics) Unbelievably good! Again Hot and Fresh and Truly the absolute BEST Enchilada Sauce either one of us has ever had! This is now the go to place for Enchiladas! I even had to ask for a side of the sauce for my dish I liked it so much. I will definitely be back to try more from the expansive menu. They even sell items in bulk to go, great for when you aren't in the mood to make dinner, Rositas to the Rescue! They are open at 9am for Breakfast too and serve hot cinnamon crisps instead of chips and salsa, now if that's not a reason to go I don't know what is!
4	Another Delicious Lunch! This time I went all out and ordered a Carnitas Chimichanga Enchilada Style (see pics) Wow! The Pork was so juicy, tender and flavorful it wasn't greasy at all this was such an indulgent thing to eat with all the cheese and sour cream and sauce etc. The only thing I didn't like was the guacamole because it was too spicy for me other than that it perfect to the last bite, Yes I ate it all! OINK!! The Hubs got his usual Stacked Enchiladas with a fried egg on top.(see pics) This time the enchiladas were served in a little crock which made the edge of the tortilla crisp but other than that he loved them once again. Rositas will be the perfect place to pick up some food for a "potluck" I'm going to take advantage of their catering menu since I've got a party to attend next month.If you're ever in the area don't be scared, just go in and enjoy yourself!
2	Since moving to Arizona, I've found an appreciation for mexican food (except for beans... I dont know why, but I just can't get into them). We went to Rosita's on a double-date- my boyfriend and the other couple used to go there a lot "back in the day" and they all love it. I guess I just don't fit into the mold. The chips were average... the salsa too- not very spicy and a little watered down even. I ordered a combo plate, trying a beef enchilada and a chicken taco. Both were average... nothing to write home about. Equivalent to Filberto's for about 3x the cost. The atmosphere was not my favorite... lots of families there at 8pm... with lots of screaming kids. Why did each adult couple have 7 kids with them??? My favorite part of Rositas = their huge glasses of pop. I only needed one refill of my diet coke :)
4	Pretty sure just thinking about the chicken chimi with salsa con queso right now is enough to make me wanna head there for lunch.  Highly recommended.
4	I'm going to put the caveat on this review that I am friends with a few of the family members who own Rosita's BUT, I got to know them by coming in to eat. The fried beef tacos are a fantastic indulgence. But I've discovered that I'm a fan of their carnitas too. Their fish tacos are great - marinated not battered and friend. And, if you're not a bean eater, try to sopa de fidello (noddle soup). From the bar, consider the house margarita or the matriarch's namesake cocktail - Rosita's Tea. Check your attitude at the door, sit back, relax, and enjoy.
2	this is very bland, Americanized Mexican food. I had the stacked enchiladas, with fideo as a side.... i gotta say the fideo was REALLY good, but.. well. it's hard to mess up fideo!  Otherwise, the salsa tastes like raw tomato sauce, the enchiladas were far less than spectacular, and the guacamole we ordered was similar to what could be had at any grocery store. There are so many more exciting, fresher tasting, less expensive Mexican eateries in the area, so I don't have any plans on returning to Rosita's.
3	Pretty average Mexican food.  Went for lunch and had the stacked enchilada plate with chicken.  The chips served before the meal were hot and crispy but the salsa was only fair.  Like mine chunky and this was a bit too watery for me.  The stacked enchiladas were nothing special.  Store bought corn tortillas swimming in green sauce and cheese.  The chicken inside had little flavor and could have been shredded better.  It came as a couple of large chunks of meat.  The beans and rice...well...average once again.Service was okay as was the cost.  Guess I prefer the little places closer to downtown Phoenix in the 16th-24th street area as they are much more authentic tasting.  This would probably be a good option for families with small kids or older folks looking for more bland Mexican options.All in all rates a meh.  This is my first usage of the meh word as I didn't feel I understood it until now.
5	Everytime I visit Arizona, I have to eat here!!!! Their machaca beef chimichangas are excellent! Top it off with their margaritas is even better.  Their free salsa and chips are so good too! Their prices are inexpensive and their servings are humungous! You can't go wrong here. Great family atmosphere. I wish they can deliver to me in Los Angeles lol.
2	This place looks very dirty. I don't know if it is, but I didn't feel very comfortable eating there. I did eat there, though, and the food was pretty mediocre. Nothing had much flavor or spice. I would not come here again.
3	I often go to Rosita's to meet an old old friend.  We do overstay the normal time frame for dinner, but what the heck we are girls and we have a lot to say!  I love the chips and salsa, there is just something about fresh chips and salsa that makes me melt.  We had ordered some kind of cheese dip and that was delish as well.  I ordered the cheesecruip with beans, cheese, black olives, and onions, WOWZA was it good.  I nornally just get cheese and onions and this was sooooo much better.  The normal waitress did not wait on us and the girl that did was a little slow, maybe she was in training.  Not really sure.  Everyone is always friendly.  It is just simple mexican food, always good, nothing fancy!
2	I went to Rosita's for the first time tonight after driving by it for about 20 years on my way to other establishments. Tonight was the night to try it out because a place we know we like looked really busy. The entry way was super crowded (not from being too busy) as customers who enter have to walk around the customers who are in line paying for their meals. It seemed like my kids were getting in people's way. I'll be the first to notice when my kids are being annoying, but in defense of their innocence on this occasion, I must say they had nowhere safe to stand as we waited for the hostess to return. My toddler was almost taken out by a bag of takeout food being offered to a customer standing in the very crowded foyer. How could I have explained that tragedy to his grandparents? When we were finally taken to the "dining room" I felt as if I had been magically swept away to a 1970's Waffle House. The lighting in this room -which consisted of ceiling fans and recessed can lights- could truly only be understood by folks who have found themselves in police interrogation rooms. The sunniness of the room does nothing for the ambiance, as it only makes patrons aware of how many crushed chips are on the floor and how the decor is reminiscent of the living room of an 85 year old "winter visitor" from Minneapolis. Normally the decor of a place isn't something I would critique, but I would expect something a little more pleasant when price range is considered. It's like being asked to pay the price of a bottle of Dom and instead receiving Boone's Farm Wine. No, it doesn't break the bank, but seriously, this is AZ; some of our best Mexican food is served on a paper plate. I would never critique these places for their lack of ambiance. This place, however, with their $6 (for one) shrimp taco, doesn't warrant the price tag. Upon being seated our waitress took our drink orders. I decided to have the chicken mole (12.95) and my husband had the green chili chimi dinner (10.95). I think the kids' meals were a pretty good deal and I liked that I was able to order soup for my little guy. After our drinks came, we waited and waited to have someone bring us chips and salsa. We began to wonder if they were in fact complimentary here, as numerous members of the staff walked by without offering them. I finally asked our waitress for some as she walked by. She looked at me like I had a butt growing in the middle of my forehead and said, "yeah, sure," and kept walking. About 5 minutes later she stopped a busboy right in front of our table and told him that when he "had the time" he should get us some chips. I was mildly annoyed. He stopped what he was doing (I guess he had the time) and got them for us. Thanks big guy! When the food arrived I was in shock at the portion size. The meat on my plate was enough to serve my whole family. In my opinion this isn't always a good thing. I would rather be served less food and charged a smaller price. These grotesque portions have led to our country's reputation in the global community as the land of lard. Enchanting. The chicken mole itself was decent, nothing to write sonnets about, but it was good. It was served with some iceberg lettuce (tepid from the hot plate), pinkish tomatoes (delightfully flown in from Chile, I'm sure), and a warm, soft tortilla on the side. I liked it well enough. The boy's soup (ablondigas) was "mildly seasoned" exactly as the menu proclaimed. The prevailing flavor was that of the saltines we crumbled over the top. Was this bad? No. He's 3, he likes "mildly seasoned". He also seemed pleased with his very large meatball. My daughter must have enjoyed her taco, because she left no evidence of its existence on her plate. My husband's chimi was really good. In fact, if we find ourselves there again, I'd suggest splitting one of those with him. It was enormous. The bill came to $39 and some change. I felt a little cheated, as I know places in this town where the experience would have been a bottle of Dom at a Boone's Farm price. At least I'll get some "not too bad" warmed over chicken mole out of the deal.
4	This has been my favorite Mexican restaurant since moving here in 1979. Fast service friendly,  staff great food at great prices. Chips and salsa are excellent, love the burro enchilada style. Daily specials are greatvfor bargain hunters.
4	I have been eating at Rosita's for years, and have generally been pretty satisfied with their meals here.  Portions are good, and even their "lighter" size burrito is still big enough to make me full.
4	I love this place. I always feel like I'm walking into a grandma's kitchen when go. The chips and salsa are always fresh and tasty. The seasoned chicken burro enchilada style is my fav. It's pretty massive, and I can only finish it when I'm absolutely starving. The booths are big and comfy, and the bottomless beverages are always a plus in my book.
4	i keep going here. i don't really know why. i think maybe they're using an addictive chemical that makes me crave it fortnightly!better than the one on university.  delicious salty chips and 2 different salsas. giganto sodas.  average tacos (the chips and salsa make up for it).probably will go there tomorrow.
5	Great food! My family has been dining here for years. Their menudo and beef tacos are awesome.
4	I have lived here since 1984 and this was the first place I ever ate in Arizona as a 5 year old. I keep coming back for more over and over again. I crave it constantly! I get the simple cheese enchilada with rice and beans and it's super hot on a hot plate every time and still tastes the same after all these years. Best salsa/chips you will every have as well. Massive drinks is always a bonus. Not giving it 5 stars due to the inside not have been touched in probably 30 years. Needs to be updated a tad, but other than that...food wise, it's my favorite mexican food in AZ. :)
3	I have no idea why I keep returning to this place, it really isn't great or fancy.  Last night I didn't even like the salsa, and the chips seemed stale.  I had a pork burro, very very very very very salty.  Yikes!  And I a usually the one who uses the salt shaker.  I guess it is convenient to meet a friend, but something has got to give here.  One more shot then I will possibly have to move on.  Oh, and did I mention that they didn't even offer us a refill on the chips?  they gave us an extra salsa but whatcha gonna do with extra salsa?  It was ok, just not great...
5	One of my favorites for salsa and excellent Margaritas!
3	Good Mexican food
3	Finally stopped by this place after a year of living right by it was actually way better than i thought it would( yes I judged) Lots of seating and the bar area has nice big comfy booths also. Service was very good and food came out quickly. They have a HUGE menu and not too expensive either. Everything was really good, we had a crap load of leftovers. Chips and salsa were also good as well :) Will have to go by for a second time to see if I can bump up my star rating. I'm just not a huge Mexican food fan so i am pretty hard to please in this area of food so go and try it out for yourself cause it def is not a bad place!
2	All I can say is very bland!  Their chicken fajita bowl had no flavor and their spanish rice was so so.  Won't be returning.
4	The food was most excellent!! Especially for the price. Only downfall is that its too close to my house!
5	My family and I have been eating at Rosita's for 14 years and we keep going back. It's authentic and spicy. Great salsa and many choices. I usually get #37 (taco, enchilada and tostada). I recommend trying Rosita's if you haven't yet.
4	Green corn tamale, rice & beans, chips & salsa, and a margarita. One of my all time fav meals. Tamale is one of the best anywhere. Salsa is perfect. This place has been there forever - and there is a reason- good food! Sit at the old school bar and watch a game while you enjoy fantastic Mexican food! I try to make this happen about once a week at Rositas.
4	This was another location that was on the list of places to try while in town. I did, and enjoyed the food very much. Being from South Jersey and now living in MD there are cookie cutter Mexican and Southwest places throughout the area. So that being said even an OK Mexican Southwest joint is going to be fantastic for me. There are a few staples that make places stand out for four stars and this place had them. There are a few things in addition to the food that makes this place great."The Good"-  The staff is very attentive and polite. The fresh chips (which were awesome) arrived before I could crack open the menu. The Dr. Pepper stayed filled the entire meal and the food came out fast and was delicious;.I ordered a combination platter to try some different things that I like taco, tamale, etc... all were very good and delicious, the plate was packed but did not have that ..."Oh here are the sides with a few small bits of the main. It was a good balance and tasted even better.- The Salsa is also homemade, tastes great and is a great start to the meal."The Meh"- When you are told to lock your doors while inside ... take the advice.- In a strange out of left field observation ... not a lot of windows."The Bad"- Nothing really bad to comment on.
2	There is a lot of pretty good Meixcan food.  Other wise I would have given it one stars.  The service 9 out of 10 times is not good.  In fact  I have been there and gotten an attitude more than once. My main complaint is this place closing early.  Today they closed early for Easter.  One hour early I think is a pretty bad excuse.   If this was the first time I went all the way over there and they closed early that would be one thing but this is the second time this has happened.  Think I have eatten there for the last time.
3	Good food, but the service varies.
4	You can't go wrong with Rosita's. While it isn't life-changing, I really haven't found better Mexican food in another restaurant around town. When I lived in Vegas, I would crave food from this place and couldn't find anything that was even a close comparison. It is definitely unassuming, located in a little strip mall at Dobson and Guadalupe. There's predominantly banquette-seating with just a few tables that are half banquette, half chairs. There is a bar and a dining room - they often offer the option of seating in either area and I recommend the dining room over the bar. It is brighter, more comfortable, and I feel that the service is more attentive. They serve delicious salsa and chips to start, and also have a hot sauce that has a good kick. If you're interested in an appetizer, our standby is the Cheese Crispi - either plain or with Green Chiles. Adding some of the aforementioned hot sauce is a good plan for nice flavors :) My "go to" is their Green Machaca Beef Burro, deep fried, with Cheese inside. I have had Machaca at a few other restaurants and theirs is definitely at the top - it is a stewed shredded beef and is nice and moist with LOTS of flavor. I order it as the Burro deep fried, which is basically a chimichanga but without the sour cream and guacamole. Another fun item is the Rosita Chiquita Sampler - you choose 4 mini items from a list - I usually get a Chicken Taco, Beef Flauta, Green Chile Beef (served in a little tortilla bowl), and a Green Corn Tamale. This comes with rice and beans and is nice when you aren't sure exactly what you want and you can instead try a little of everything. I don't order dessert here very often, but have had their sopapillas (fried dough with honey, cinnamon, and sugar) which are a bit iffy (sometimes good, sometimes not) The service at Rositas is typically pretty good, although not always the most upbeat. They tend to be quick and efficient. They serve their sodas in HUGE glasses so that you don't have to wait for refills (because you typically don't need one) The pricing is a bit high for what you get, in my opinion - their prices have gone up $3-$4 an entree over the past 7 or 8 years, and the quality has stayed exactly the same. That said, it is delicious and a great standby - check it out!
4	I have been going to Rosita's for years now. First started going to the one in Tempe but now that I live in Mesa I frequent this location most often. If there is one great thing about Rosita's it is the consistency, I have never been disappointed and the food is always great. The food is served quickly too so if you're starving like I usually am when I come the wait isn't long for it to be made. Portion size is fantastic, you get a lot of bang for your buck and a buck goes a long way. The girlfriend and I can get a great meal with leftovers for around $25. The only knock I can give is the service itself, it varies from time to time and usually tends to be on the subpar side.
5	Service is top notch. I, go there for the best red chile in town! One point I did have an issue with their service and manager that had arizona syndrome but I have yet to see that person there ever again. They take care of their customers and ALWAYS serve great food. The mole and sopa was not quite as tasty as I like but decent. Great drinks as well. Rositas is a diamond in the rough. High 5!! HU
3	Margaritas are good.  Food is average, but always hot and consistent.
1	Would have given 3 stars based on the food, but the server (Brianna) was what made this place get only 1 star.We (4 of us) went for Cinco de Mayo and they weren't busy when we got there, about 430.  Brianna took our order, another guy brought our drinks, she didn't bother to tell him I wanted lemons for my water.  She didn't bother to ring in margaritas on the rocks instead of frozen, and when she finally came back to the table, she just kinda chuckled and said she didn't write it down and told them to take the wrong drinks to us anyway because we would be happy since they had alcohol in them....UMMM NO! it is not okay, we asked for more chips, she walked by them and kept walking.  A few minutes later we passed by them and got our own.    Asked for extra napkins...we had to get our own.  She didn't seem to do anything right.Asked to speak with a manager, Forrest, he seemed very timid and unsure of everything.  Not sure how he is even a mgr.  All in all she shouldn't be allowed to be a server, she also discriminates offering certain tables stuff while doing not even the bare minimum for others.
4	First timers...had the stacked enchaladas with shredded beef and the Rosita's Special.  Good salsa and chips and the dinners were good as well.  Lot a food and carried home leftovers.  Friendly staff.  Will be back...
4	Excellent chips, salsa, and cold beer! Service is friendly and efficient too. PROS: chips are homemade, light and crispy, and not too oily as some restaurants tend to serve. Love their salsa, as it is just the right amount of spicy and not too chunky.   I had a carne asada chimichanga that was superb: fresh oil used to fry the chimi, and the meat was plentiful and tasty!  Throw in a textbook cheese crisp and a $2.50 pint (maybe 3) of cold Dos Equis, and life is good!CONS: Jury is out on the guacamole: I'd describe it as creamy, not chunky. This left me a little skeptical, as I like to know there is fresh avocado involved.  I'm a fan of Rosita's. Service w/ a smile, and they've got the basics down!Cheers!RS
5	Green chili burrito smothered in green sauce and melted cheese, rice and beans - time and time again - one of my fav meals anywhere.  I have tried green burros everywhere - Rositas is always the best.  Chips and salsa (and hot sauce) are the best around -and margaritas are great!  Sit at the bar and Mando always is the best bartender around.  I love Rosita's!!!
5	Went here for lunch today with my friend Sandy. It was nice and quiet despite being busy and lunchtime. We were seated right away and not 5 minutes later, we were blessed with chips and very delicious salsa to begin our lunch, as we both perused our menus, deciding what to have.Our waitress was an older lady named Jessie & she was very helpful with suggestions on what to try and the daily special. Sandy has been here a few times and decided to try their Street Tacos. I went with the Daily Special, which was 2 Cheese Enchiladas, rice, & beans. We each got a soda to complete our orders & as we waited for our meals, we caught up on things and enjoyed the complimentary chips & salsa.Jessie was very efficient and great about checking on us, especially after we got our food. Our meals came out piping hot, looking & smelling very good, & we both enjoyed our lunch. My enchiladas were made just right & the cheese melted in my mouth upon each bite! Sandy said her Street Tacos were the best she'd tried in a while & I knew that I would definitely come to this restaurant again. Great food + fantastic service=return visits!
5	I love this place for Mexican food and have been going here for the past 7 or 8 years.  The service is always great whether you're with a large group or alone at the bar and the food is always great and served hot. If you're looking at drinks you have to try the prickly pear margaritas... Seriously. Now understand that I love prickly pear anything which is surprisingly hard to find out here, but this place has got the best ones. I mean it... With sugar on the rocks, please. This particular visit I ended up ordering the 2 item combo with a chicken enchilada and a tostada, which is pretty much my usual here. I enjoyed the chips and salsa while I waited for the food to come out, however this time they gave me both the regular chunky 'mild-ish' salsa along with the hotter stuff, guess they're starting to know me. If you like hot salsas be sure to ask for this, because they usually only serve the regular unless asked.  Anyways, the food came out promptly and was exactly how I like it.  The tostada was crisp and the enchilada was full of yummy chicken (they don't skimp on the chicken or add weird fillers here).  All in all, I would recommend this place to anyone over one of the larger chains any day. You won't be disappointed.
2	I really love this place but tonight not just the salsa but also the hot sauce was sour. Maybe it was because of xmas I assume theu closed. We asked for the manager and he brought out fresh salsa that was also sour. I cant think of any reason that would be acceptable. I know for a fact this placw jas a clean kitchen but maybe they need to revisit the inventory and product rotation. We got 10 percent off. But so me one please give me a reason why I should go back? Thank fully I did not get sick. Also let me add I love their crispy chicken tacos.  Tonight is just wasnt good.  Let me add that I have provably ate 100 of them over The last 15 years.
5	I am not sure why I haven't reviewed Rosita's yet!  This is always our go to for authentic Mexican food that doesn't disappoint. I love the chicken flautas or regular chicken tacos. Kids love the cheese enchiladas. And apparently they make their red chile with beef fresh daily with a wonderful recipe that is favorite of my husband's and the server's.  The chips and salsa are full of flavor, especially when you mix in some of the hot sauce.  The only thing I can think of that I don't like is the water... It's tap and tastes terrible. Thankfully they have Pepsi products and gigantic cups to feed my Mt Dew addiction.
5	This was my first time eating at this establishment, and normally, when I write a review, I usually wait until my second visit.  But considering the company has been open since 1963, I figured they are doing something right, so I'll write my review now.  Quite honestly, this was the best Mexican food I've ever had in the Phoenix area.  I love the homemade salsa (not to mention, how MUCH you get - they don't use the tiny bowls for salsa like some restaurants do).  Tonight, I had the carne asada chimichanga, and I have to say that it's probably the best chimichanga I have EVER had.  The tortillas are homemade, and it almost looked like the chimi was pan-fried, because it was over-loaded with grease, which is a definite plus.  It comes with guacamole and sour cream, and I think they kind of over did it with it, but that's my personal preference.  I'm not going to ding them for that.  And the Spanish rice tastes just as it should be - almost like mine.  :)  When we arrived, they were in the middle of their happy hour, where your drinks were half-off.  Bonus!  But if you get regular drinks, such as pop, tea, etc., you get a huge glass for it!  Double bonus.  I know, the little things excite me.  I'll definitely becoming back to this restaurant soon.  I think it's better than Serrano's.  The decor is mediocre, at best, but they make up for it in the food.
5	Great authentic Mexican Food.  I love their tamales, tacos, and enchiladas.  Their cheese crisp is a good appetizer.  Their menu is impressive, with a wide range of things to choose.  If you have nothing else, however, make sure you have a serving of their deep fried ice cream.
5	This is one of those places I hold very close to heart. I grew up eating here and anytime I come back to the valley it's a must stop. Today was that day and I can only say it's as good as it ever was. Old school, Arizona style mexican cuisine at its finest.Thank you Rosita's for staying true to your roots and never compromising your quality.5 stars isn't enough but all I can give.
4	I have been to this location 100 times. All i can say is that  this place is somewhat inconsistent.  Tonight the bar area was a 5 for sure.  6 months ago it was a 2. So tonight for happy hour all bottled beer 2.5 and well drinks 3 bucks. Half off appetizers and an awesome bartender. Ordered the cheese crisp with machaca beef and a sampler.  All was hot to the table and super tasty.  Give this place a go if you're in the area!
5	Have been going here for years with my family. Always had good food and service. My favorite Mexican restaurant :)
5	ARIZONA SOUL FOOD.  Love the food and atmosphere. A great old school Mexican joint. Nothing fancy just great Mexican food. The chicken nachos on happy hour could feed 3-5 for $5. Serve their iced tea in big cups. Margaritas in big glasses and chips and salsa that will blow your mind. Try the cheese crisp with guac or anything with guacamole... It is to die for.
4	Waitress Jessie is very friendly and informative. We ordered a meal that we intended to share and it was brought on separate plates for us (bonus points for that). Food is good (had enchiladas). Salsa not too spicy (for me). Will come back when next craving Mexican food. From what I saw, the restaurant is clean. No complaints!
1	2nd review for what used to be one of our favorites... used to be.Came here today-We finished our basket of chips before the drinks came out. There were three tables in the restaurant so not sure what took so long, but we were well beyond thirsty.Husband ordered his carne asada burrito with guac and sour cream on the side, so naturally it came out with it on top. I had the huevos rancheros and asked for a corn instead of a flour tortilla- you guessed it, I got the flour.Our waitress took so long to check on us we just decided to deal with it and eat anyway since we were hungry. Halfway done with the food before we were asked how it all was. Just responded with a shrug.Sat there for 10 minutes after we finished eating. Where is she? Where is our tab? Nowhere to be seen. Finally my husband got up and found her socializing behind the scenes. He asked her to bring the check.Okay so get this. Each diet Pepsi (which were flat) cost $2.50. No refills were offered.Carne burrito served enchilada style A LA CARTE came out to be around $14... Lol! What?!My huevos was around $10.The food was ok. The service was negligent and deplorable. This experience cost $31.50... seems high for Rositas, especially given there were a few booths that looked pretty dilapidated and there was a hole in the wall in front of one. 1 star... for the food today, and fond memories in visits past. But we won't be back.
