4	This is one of my regular fast food joints - fast food that is actually good for you.  I always enjoy the chicken burrito with black beans, cheese, medium salsa, sour cream and lettuce.  My wife enjoys having her burrito in a bowl not wrapped in a tortilla.This is a national chain, but they do a good job of keeping the ingredients fresh.  The service is quick, as the counter people pass your food down an assembly line, adding the burrito stuffings right in front of you, then passing it on to you after prompt payment - cash, debit/credit cards accepted.They have the usual fountain drinks, ice tea, beer and wineQuick, easy and tasty.
1	So I used to eat at this locationAnd I loved itBut slowlyEach time I ate hereI'd get a tummy acheThen my boyfriend was all like "hey, everytime I eat chipotle I get diarrhea"So it wasn't just me!We continued to eat here though, because we loved it.And we'd make sure we had no where to be for a few hours after eating it.I know, we're weird.But we got sick of getting sick.  Poo.  Literally.
5	I love chipotle and wish I could eat here more often than do now. they do get pretty busy during lunch time and the parking is limited outside unless you want to park far away. I always get the Vegetarian burrito. Yummy.
5	First off - it's Chipotle... super good grub - nuff said.With this particular Chipotle, which is closest to my house, I was greeted with thanks and a few questions about my experience using their new ordering system.   Which one is that?  The new Chipotle iPhone app!App is obviously in the itunes app store and free.  Open it up, finds the closest location to you and has the whole menu to where you can build your order and submit it to them and if you'd like even pay right online with your iphone....  SWEEEET... So downloaded the app, ordered and drove down there to meet a buddy and walked to the front of the line and grabbed my burro, paid (because I was lame and closed the app before I could enter my visa) and the guys were all making sure the app and ordering process were to my liking.  While eating the guy asking everybody how the food was made his way over to me and asked me a few questions about the process.Either way good experience and I will be using their iPhone ordering again in the future... order was correct as ordered and simple as pie.
5	This place has good food, great service,  it is friendly and clean.  All of the Chipotle's that I have eaten at have been very good, except for one in downtown Washington DC where a group of kids ran through the dining room chased by police officers.  They trashed the place, and spilled a perfume display that one of the kids was trying to sell.  Which may have been why the police were chasing them I don't know.  What I do know is the perfume smelled terrible.Anyway back to Chandler.  The good thing about Chipotle is the menu.  It is very simple.  Basically you walk up to the counter and tell the nice person what you want to eat.  All the food is displayed in front of you.  You can mix and match it any way you like.  Tacos, burritos,   even melted cheese things that aren't on the menu but kids seem to love them.  There are a few different kinds of meat.  Carnetias or braised pork, grilled chicken, and two different kinds of beef.  One grilled the other BBQed.  Fresh green peppers and onions lightly seasoned and sauteed but still crispy.  Two kinds of beans, pinto and black.  The servers are quick to tell you that the pinto beans are not for strict vegetarians or the kosher crowd.    Rice seasoned with a little cilantro that is very tasty, and last but not least delicious guacamole.  As your meal (usually a burrito for me) is assembled it moves down the counter to the salsa section.  There are a few different kinds of salsa.  A spicy red one, I don't know what is in it but it is my favorite.  A tomato, onion, cilantro mild one.  Corn relish that goes in my burrito too, and a green one that I never tired.  Then some sour cream and cheese and they magically roll it and wrap it in a tin foil sleeve.  With really good food places it is the little things that can make or break them.  For example sour cream.  Pretty basic stuff right.  At Chipolte it is delectable.  I can't find sour cream near as good at any grocery store.  The tortillas are big and seem to stretch enough to wrap whatever they put in the burrito.  Did I mention that these burritos are really big?  If you don't want to go the tortilla route they will make your burrito in a bowl.  Same stuff just no tortilla.  I once ate at the Chipolte in Lawrence Kansas with a friend.  She ate two burritos.  She is a freak, don't try it you may explode.  They seem to be proud of their chips.  Most places offer them free of charge.  Chipolte charges for them.  They could be good I've never had them, but lot's of folks order them.    No doubt about it this is fast food.  I stopped by last Tuesday at noon.  Just before I walked in 14 giggling high school kids ran up in front of me.  The line was to the door.  Ten minutes later I was at the counter watching my burrito grow.  Amazing.  Just because it is fast food doesn't mean it has to taste bland or be cold.   This place is not cheap.  Eight and a half bucks for a burrito and a small drink.  I'll keep looking for a better burrito.  Till I find one Chipotle sets the bar.
4	I never used to like Chipotle - pretty much the same way I never used to like gyro's, but now I can't get enough!I don't go for the overstuffed burritos - the cleaner and easier to eat burrito bowl is the way to go.  I always get double steak, rice, pinto beans, and the medium tomatillo salsa - best...combo...ever!  I guess I should branch out and try new things on the menu, but I ALWAYS order the same thing from every place I frequent.  Ok - next time I'll try something other than the chicken - since it's super bland.The staff are always super helpful - even got a little tip from the cashier once.  If the line is long (as it always is), just step outside, place a phone order, then hop around the line to go pick up your called in order, because she said they make it nearly immediately. ahahah  I've made an order with my iPhone twice now, and it couldn't be easier.The only reason this place got 4 stars was because even though the steak is awesome most of the time, from time to time it's kinda tough - it could be that much better if the meat was a little bit better quality.  Also - the chicken is always dry and lacks flavor.
5	Oh my god... I used to hate Chipotle. HATE! Hate. When asked why, I said, "Because they offer rice burritos to vegetarians." I thought the burritos were 90 percent rice, 10 percent goodness, even when I asked for light rice. I was, as it turns out, save-ably stupid. Because redemption is mine every time I eat here. They get it. They "Get It" get it. They GET IT with a capital GET IT. Oh, I shall explain. Worry ye not... I want the world to stop eating meat. In fact, it is my destiny, my very purpose, to rid the world of Fear (i.e., meat). It's true, all you're eating when you're eating meat is fear. 98 percent of you will have no idea what I mean when I say that but I can promise you it's true. But I don't want Chipotle to stop serving meat because people like you would stop going there and it'd go out of business and I would die because there would be nothing left for me to eat, because lately, it's all I eat. Yes. I ate twice today. Both times, Chipotle. If I lose weight, I'll become the next Jared. Gain. Ignominy. Whatevs...It's delicious.So here's what they get: The freshest ingredients.The meat, if you care, is straight up not injected with growth hormones or bull shit. Portions are huge. Almost too big. But the technology OOOOOHHHHHHH the technology! Like Chuck R said... YOU CAN ORDER ON YOUR iPhone! It's ridiculous.And our office orders as an office. ONLINE! Individually! Again, ridiculous! We can order exactly what we want, pay separately. The orders are prepared with love. They'll bring it out to your car. They'll even occasionally call you to make sure everything was amazing. It was! It always is. I love you. Smooch.
5	Chipotle is the best business model of the 21st Century, and this location wholly embodies the Chipotle perfection.Chipotle uses naturally raised meats, hormone free dairy, no eggs or nuts, organic beans, seasonal produce, and promote recycling within the restaurants. This means that they care what you are putting into your body and what it is doing to the environment!! (score!)Their simple menu makes ordering easy, but still allows you variety (Burrito, Salad, Tacos, Bowls) and caters to a carnivore, vegetarian, or vegan. In fact, they are pretty "food-allergy" safe in general. (Believe me, I have experience)As if the food wasn't enough, they have two amazing ordering systems: Iphone App and Online Ordering. Let's talk about this online ordering system here for a minute, because it is what I think really sets the bar high for their competitors and other restaurants in general:I run a medium sized business and when lunch comes around, my Operations staff of ten has the WORST time executing something as simple as a lunch order. I know this sounds ridiculous, but believe me, it is as true as the day is long. This all changed when I discovered Chipotle Online Ordering. Anyway, I go online, login, and tell the system I want a group order. It then emails each of my employees giving them a link to order or a link to decline. If they choose to order, the link takes them right to an online order page with pictures, places for memos, etc. They select exactly what they want and it gets added to our group order.Once everyone has ordered, I hit submit, pay by credit card, and fifteen minutes later you arrive at Chipotle, give them a jingle, and they will actually bring the food right out to your car for you. They call this the "valet" service. Perfect if you can't find a spot or it is raining out!!Chipotle Executives must have sat down and thought of every pain a company could have in ordering lunch because I honestly cannot think of one thing that would improve this process. (Well, delivery would be nice... but that is what I have a receptionist for)I want to take a second to recognize this particular location, on 54th Street. Let me start by saying, I believe that you can taste the love in food... as in, if someone is cranky as shit, making your food, it is not as good as if they are smiling, enjoying their lives. I know this probably sounds crazy, but I swear on my right hand it is true. EVERY time I have ever eaten here (we are talking dozens of times) my food has been fabulous! I can taste the LOVE! Oh, and about two hours after pickup, someone calls to ask how everything was and to let you know that they took special care to pack it up and make sure everything was right. If there is a Best Chipotle award, this location deserves it!My final note: I get the salad with black beans, rice, tomato salsa, green tomatillo salsa, and guacamole. 100% vegan, 100% delicious. Under 500 calories, 17g of fat, and 14g of protein. And I am full. REAL full. Since I have started eating Chipotle 3-4 times a week, I have actually started losing weight. Perhaps I will be the next Jared!
3	What the hell happened to you today? God. What an abortion.What a miscarriage. And, to be fair, I eat you a lot. You're well groomed and appreciative. You accommodate my preference for the noon time action. You call later just to make sure there were no weird flavors or odors. Usually, such a treat! Like a happy dog in the summer sun. Today? Today was different. Today was bad. So bad I'm forced to be honest. I HATE BEING HONEST! Today? It's like you were partying all night and hooked up with some random and afterward (without showering) felt used so you called me because you know I'm always there for you. You know, because of our history? You have a special place in my comforting, still chubby but receding, belly. Today it was fake. I could tell your heart wasn't in it. Once you got to me you realized that I was just a false idol. A warm body and nothing more. My name could have easily been a number. Wouldn't have been any different to you. HOW DO YOU THINK THAT MAKES ME FEEL? So you pretended to "come so fast." It only took me 13 bites to finish you. Under two minutes? Please! I know you better than that... You can't bullshit a bullshitter. You could have just told me you changed your mind. That if felt wrong. That it wasn't me, it was you. That you wanted someone who wanted a bigger burrito for you. I mean, usually my burrito gets the job done but today, for variety, mentioning that we should do it in the bowl was off-handed. I didn't mean it! I still wanted the burrito to work it's mojo. I just thought the bowl play would add a little intrigue.Ok. Fine! You're right. It's my fault. I should have never mentioned the fucking bowl. It was a mistake. FUCK! 13 bites. 2.5 ouces of guac juice? I get it. Mr. Random last night was saving it up. You were impressed. Don't worry about my feelings. I'm good at other things. No seriously. Don't worry. GO FEED MR. RANDOM burrito. Clearly you like him better. God, I'm so worthless! WAH!
5	You were right. I was wrong. Five stars! Five stars for your salad dressing alone.
5	This Chipotle Rocks!  Today, I express my joyIn the haiku form!Perfect fast food joint;Fresh, delicious, quick and kind.The price is right, too!Burritos galore;In a tortilla or bowl.But wait, there is more!Three steak tacos, please!Or grilled veggie fajitas?Oh sweet perfection.A simple menu,Yet so many decisions.How can you go wrong?Answer:  You cannot!  Order now, you won't regret,This Chipotle Rocks!
4	I LOVE this place!!! Fresh ingredients, paleo-diet options, free range chicken, grass fed beef - does it get any better? A "healthy" burrito??? It sounds like an oxymoron, but this place does it!!! I love that you can pick how much of everything you want, and can even have seconds of different salsas. If I am craving a burrito, there is where I go!!! YUMMM!!!!
4	I haven't had Chipotle in a while, and suddenly found myself inside here waiting in a very long line to place my order.  It's been a while since I've eaten here, so I figured it was time!When I entered, it was the dinner rush, so there was a very long line.  Ahead of me were 4 Phoenix fireman, along with a UPS driver.  Nice! Despite the line being painfully long, I placed my order.  I got the Fajita burrito with the shredded beef.  Tasty!  I do have to give a kudos to the staff here.  Clearly, they were extremely busy, and despite that, I was treated with courtesy and a smilng face!  That goes a long way for me, as I know how frustrating it can be when you are looking at a line out the door.  I also really like how thier menu's set up.  Fairly simple, with nice choices to choose from.  Not to complicated, easy to understand and a fair price point.Really enjoyed my time here, and the staff was wonderful. Will return in the future!
5	The location is new, clean, and just plain AWESOME!  I made a change and got a steak burrito this time.  YUM!  You cannot go wrong no matter what you pick.  Get to this location before 11:45pm, it get SUPER packed!!!
5	Who knew? I did! I remember eating many many many times way back in the early childhood of Chipotle back in Denver. Like the picture on the wall in every Chipotle. (yep on evans and university) I had a feeling this place was going somewhere and Chaching!Anyway, long story short, as we all have eaten at a Chipolte somewhere. It simply is the best quick healthyish mexican there is period! On a side note if you are one of those wierd vegan people this is my favorite burrito (veggie fajita black w/ all the salsas no queso or crema greens and of course 3 lbs of guac!) Yuuuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmaaaaaeeeeeee!!!!!
5	Hola!Just a quikie note. stopped in 4 our 10,000th burrito (or so it seems), and once again, great food great service. I have decided to update my reviews with a couple of new catagories. One will not change. this one I call "curb appeal" (this is how the establishment make me want to be there upon arrival,and how clean the entryway is) it will be rated 1 to 10, 10 being the best. And "the P factor" (this one is where I rate how the bathroom looked, as it is important for me to see a clean restroom. I take this as a sign that the rest of the place is clean. The two together work in combination and show me how clean the restaurant is. Even in open concept things can be decieving.So that being said todays ratings arecurbage: 9P factor: 9Great job as always chipotle!Late gordo
4	Love the Steak Bowl it Rocks. It is a lot of food. The prices are good, its no Taco Hell. Fast, Fresh, and Yummy. What is not to like?
4	For fast-food Mexican it's hard to go wrong with Chipotle's! I recommend the Burrito Bol, which if you order without rice is a good "low carb" option. The barbacoa is great, especially when paired with the spicy salsa. If you're interested, pairing this with the Negro Modelo makes for an enjoyable combination.
5	An ode to Chipotle.Oh Chipotle, why do I love you so?Is it the funky art?Is it the Marketing campaign about the quality of your ingredients?Is it the barbacoa that no one else has (yes, by the way)?Why?  Oh. Why?Is it the messages on my cup and wrappers?Is it the pictures of your restaurants in your restaurants?Is it the burrito that has ruined all other burritos (yes, by the way)?Oh Chipotle, why do I love you so?
2	Food was pretty good, as usual. I ordered the hard shell tacos and 1 taco was lopsided and everything fell out, the shell should never have been used.Other than that, the ambiance was irritating. Obviously catering to the teenage crowd, since the blaring music made it impossible to have a conversation. Apparently there was not a manager (or adult manager) on site. I won't be back.
4	After watching the show about the next great restaurant or whatever it was called I really have a bad taste in my mouth for the dude that started this company but damnit if he doesn't offer a darn good product.I really only like the carnitas here.  Steak seems to be hit and miss and I've never been a chicken fan.  Green salsa is the best.  Pinto beans all the way.  Rice with a hint of lemon and cilantro is so darn good.  Try their quesadillas - so yummy.This location has the friendliest people.
3	I used to be afraid of foil wrapped burritos after a painful experience a few years ago.  So, I would usually get the crispy tacos here or if I did order a burrito I would perform an airport-security like check of all the folds and creases after removing the foil.  Now that I have had all my old metal fillings replaced I can eat their burritos without having a mild anxiety attack but I still prefer the tacos for lunch because of the smaller portion size.  Either way it's darn good fast food.If you were born after 1980, you probably have no idea what I am talking about.
2	First and foremost, let me get this out there: I love Chipotle.  Always have, and always will.  So this review is nothing against the company itself.  I will continue to be a Chipotle customer, just not at this location...I went to this location after work on 7-22-11, around 5:45 pm.  First of all, I waited in line for approximately 20 minutes.  Not a huge deal, since the line is usually pretty long at Chipotle (particularly at this location).  And I was there during the dinner rush.  But still, an extra staff member or two helping out would've been nice.I finally got my food and headed home with my three soft barbacoa tacos.  A few bites into my first taco, I bit down on something hard and relatively big.  After spitting it out and cleaning it off, it was apparent that it was a rock about the size of a dime (Picture: http://i72.photobucket.com/albums/i175/starstruck1980/chipotle_rock.jpg).  I had several other family members inspect it as well, and they agreed that it was a rock, rather than a bone fragment.  Since I didn't swallow it, choke on it, or chip a tooth, I did continue to eat the rest of my tacos (which, despite the rock, were quite delicious).  My family members weren't exactly pleased with me for continuing to eat the tacos.  They advised me to take the tacos back and speak to a manager.Had I eaten in Chipotle, I probably would've spoken to the manager.  However, since I was at home, I felt that going all the way back and causing a scene wouldn't have been all that effective.  I didn't want to upset anyone, make a scene, and I definitely am not going to sue or do anything drastic like that.  It was probably just a mistake, but certainly a big mistake that definitely should never happen again.  They need to make sure they inspect their food better before it goes anywhere near those serving pans.I was disappointed because Chipotle prides itself on clean, fresh, organic food, which is why I'm a regular customer.  This experience has left a bad taste in my mouth (quite literally), but hopefully this was just an isolated incident.Again, I felt that a Yelp review would be more effective than any other measure I could've taken.  I just want to make people aware of this incident and to be alert for any rogue rocks hiding in their foil wrapped tacos!
5	I can go to Chipotle anywhere and it will always be good! Since I am vegan, I love going to this place and eating my heart out. Love the organic foods and love the vegan option! Awesome service like all the other Chipotles I have been to.
4	It's Chipotle. Consistently delicious, but also with consistently rising prices. There's nothing here I don't like.
3	Well it was bound to happen... yes, here is my review on Chipotle. I am not a huge fan to be honest. However, I am going to be optimistic and at least mention what the best thing on their menu is. For the longest time, I honestly hated Chipotle and couldn't put my finger on what it was that I disliked. Then I finally hit the nail on the head. Its the meat! I have tried all of their meats and all have sucked honestly. The steak and chicken are tough, don't have much flavor, and tend to have pieces with grissle. Barbeqoa is wayyy too fricken salty. Carnita's are probably the lesser of the evils but is wayyyyy to peppery. If it weren't for the hubby being a huge fan of the carnita's and guac here, I would have never gone back. But since he loves Chipotle so much and requests it once a month, I had to find something to order that is decent. After trying tacos, salads, quesadillas, my go to meal turned out to be the vegi burro. Please don't give this review that look. Its actually good and it comes with the guacamole! Yes, I love meat and rarely order something vegetarian. However, Chipotle is the one place I prefer something vegetarian over something with meat because like I said, the meat is soooo horrible. Now when I am forced to go to Chipotle, I get a burrito with rice (I order extra), black beans, corn salsa, hot salsa, pico de gallo, extra sour cream, and guac on the side. These are the best items Chipotle has. I have to admit, their rice is actually tasty, their tortillas are soft and huge, the corn salsa is downright delicious (but who doesnt like corn), and their pico is always fresh with a pretty good flavor. Betcha noticed that I make no mention of cheese huh? Don't get me wrong, I love cheese but Chipotles cheese seems too strong for my taste. Anyways, let me sum up the food by saying that although you get alot, nothing accept the veggie burro is acceptable in my book. Even this vegi burrito is simply ok and tolerable, once in a decade craveable. Now as for the service, some of the locations seem to hire people that lack intelligence and this location is no exception to that. Many times, there seems to be too many people behind the counter running around like chickens with their heads cut off. Also, the burritos tend to have holes in them because the roller doesn't know how to roll. I will say that I am absolutely puzzled as to why Chipotle has such a huge following. To me, its far from being sensational. Luckily, I have found something decent to order but this is not a place that I get really excited about. About the only time I got stoked to see a Chipotle was in NY after eating multiple overpriced downright depressing meals. Maybe I was just looking for something familiar after being away from home for a week. However, when other Chipotle cravings emerge, I satisfy them and then head to the drug store to get a certain test because obviously somethin aint right!
5	never had anything bad here!  I love the salad dressing
3	Pretty sure most people have eaten at a Chipotle at some point .  So this review is for location instead of the food, which is pretty consistently good if you want burritos and guacamole.  This location is close so I go quite a bit. It tends to have long lines at odd times for no reason, and the parking is pretty terrible.  I would suggest parking outside of the little lot area it shares with the other stores.  The staff is always nice and friendly.  Although now the online ordering makes you wait even if there is no one in line.  So you should use that over just showing up since standing there now means very little.
5	Quick awesome food and service as usual. Live this place!
3	Trying hard to be a LA street food truck. First if you plan on going allot for a 20-30 minute wait. The seats in front of the ordering counter, side and front of the restaurant are shaped like a giant curve. They must have anticipated that their customers were going to have an extended wait. The portions are big (and according to the calorie guide on the menu high in calories) but the prices are higher than most other places. My one big complaint is, as opposed to the LA street food carts they seem to be trying to emulate, they need to have salsa/pico Di Gallo/ --- to scoop from so the immense burritos they serve can get a scoop of your favorite dressing with every few bites. Without that they are not terribly dry but could be much better. Really if they had a fixin's bar like other similar Mexican places I would rate them a 4 star place. Faster service and a 10% reduction in price would get a 5 star review.
4	Found another fast lunch time place I can add to my list, and I secretly have to admit I am a fan of Chipotle, my gawd have you had there guacamole? I can't get enough of it! You can get a bag of chips & a side of guacamole for like 2 bucks, and that right there is a bangin deal and an excellent eat! Went with some coworkers at high noon, the place had a lil line going, but I can safely say that even though there was many in front of me, the line moved in a fast fashion, and when I made it to order my food I saw the line was just as long, but I got the feeling of being rushed by the servers, like you know how at some places when they are busy they half ask you what you want and you tell them and  1/2 way though it they are messing up because they are already asking the next person what they want?  No I don't get that feeling here, I told the guy what I wanted and he made it happened and didn't take his attention away from me before he made sure I was on track with my order, then he helped the next person.   I like that, the non-feeling of being rushed!For this trip I ordered the chicken bowl with white rice, black beans, pico de gallo, cheese and sour cream , I also asked for a side of their hot sauce,  the chicken bowl was just what I was craving!
5	Great Value for the Money!
5	Super fast services, awesome!!!
3	Eh, the food is okay.  I really like their carnitas and their cilantro lime rice.  The black beans were pretty damn flavorless though.  I think for what you get it's a bit too pricey.  About a buck and a half too much in fact.And for God's sake, why the hell does every Chipotle have to be so deafening??  Did the architect that designed Chipotle not consider acoustics when they designed the place?  My lunch was fine when I started eating at 11 AM, but by the time I was leaving and the lunch crowd had filtered in, the din of noise was like being verbally assaulted while underneath a tin pail in a hail storm.  There are no noise baffles anywhere and the corrugated tin walls and booths and concrete floors make the place uncomfortably loud.    This is not the first time I have noticed this in a Chipotle location either.  They are all like this. Decent, if over-priced, food in an awful setting.
4	Ah burrito bowls. You can pick your meat, your salsa, your veggies and your cheese. Load it up how you want it.Is it authentic Mexican? No, but who cares. It's good and possibly healthy. But the main point is it's good.The line always moves pretty good. Although it can get loud in there so you might have to yell your choices. It is a little pricey but so much better the dollar burritos from some other place so it is worth it.Good for lunch or dinner. So get some steak or carnitas and enjoy.Extra point because they have Coke Zero on tap. Every place gets an extra point if they have Coke Zero on tap.Also if you order on line you just walk in, skip the line, pay and you are on your way.
3	This place is hit or miss. I've had good service, mediocre service, and just bad service. Tonight was pretty bad. I ordered 3 things, a bowl, a burrito, and a cheese quesadilla. I asked for just a little rice in the burrito, they put in a ton, when I said it was too much I got a crazy look from the person making my food. Whatever, I can get over that. What put me over the edge, was they got my daughter's order wrong, and this after waiting too long for it, (this was a to go order, couldn't just bring it back) . I ordered her a cheese quesadilla. I got chicken, ya I know seems silly right, but my daughter is 5, she is like every 5 year old.... Picky! She was a good sport and tried to eat it, but evidently ended up picking out the chicken. The 3 stars are for the food,  taste is consistent as usual.... If it were just based on the service tonight , this would be a 1 star review.
4	Oh Chipotle, what's not to love honestly?  Great quality ingredients that you can have thrown together in a completely customizable meal, it's hard to go wrong with that set up.  I managed to stop in at a rare time when they didn't have a huge line and made my way up to the counter.  The people behind the counter greeted me with a smile and a "hello" right away, and proceeded right away to get my order taken care of.  The girl who rang me up was very friendly too and even put a smiley face on my container!  Call me a sucker for the small stuff but I love things like that!
5	Consistently good food. Staff is friendly and efficient. Only drawback is that they are so good that the lunch-time line is usually out the door!
5	Typical Chipotle. Same layout and choices as all. Always busy, but always maintaining their composure and busting through the lines like a boss. Great food.
5	Chipotle is always the best option. Get chips and guac  #fullfordays
4	I've enjoyed most of the Chipolte grill dishes over the years, and they are very reasonably priced.  Is it authentic mexican food? Not really, but the ingredients they use are fresh ; and nothing seems "off" to me in terms of the food.  The dining experience itself, isn't much to write home about.   It's loud, and tables as well as decor are akin to being at a Denny's.  Still, I give it four stars -- not bad for a mexican food chain.
4	I am now forced to be Gluten Free, Chipotle is a good option because everything is GF here except the flour shells (burrito or taco). They have corn taco shells though. I get a bowl and its great.
1	Let me start off by saying, I LOVE Chipotle. I don't just like the place, I love it. I've been obsessed with their burritos since this location opened over a decade ago. I've tried everything on the menu more than once, and although I have my favorites, I can honestly say there isn't one item on the menu I don't love. I consider myself a bit if a connoisseur having eaten Chipotle so many times, this being the location I frequent the most.So it pains me to say that everything that makes Chipotle great, from the delicious marinated meats to the scrumptious cilantro lime rice, is almost completely absent at this location. I've eaten here less and less often over the past several months because the consistency of the food quality has deteriorated. Not once, not twice, but multiple times the meat has been so poorly seasoned it doesn't taste a thing like Chipotle. Not just the carnitas, which at times are salty beyond being palatable. Not just the chicken, which has been increasingly bland. But even the barbacoa, which lately has tasted along the lines of boiled beef.The rice is a serious letdown, and anyone who eats Chipotle knows this is what makes their burrito special. Poorly seasoned, and yes, frequently undercooked. Sorry, but there's just no mistaking that crunch of uncooked rice. My son had a full two sides if it in his kids meal. That represented half of what was on his plate. We requested new rice, and one of the guys in the back seemed stupefied we'd bothered to complain. The replacement rice from the next batch? Exactly the same as the first.The guacamole with our chips and guac was also smooth and creamy, not the typical chunkier texture.Chipotle needs to take a serious look at this restaurant, and decide if it really represents the quality brand they've established. Or maybe it's a case where they've become too big to care. I've already contacted the restaurant as well as corporate, and there's zero improvement. Sure, if you don't eat Chipotle often you might think it's a decent burrito (key word being "decent"). If you're a regular, you know how bad it's become.All the long time workers at this one appear to be gone now. Maybe the current crew just lacks the ability to keep Chipotle tasting like Chipotle. What a disappointment. I recommend trying a different location. I don't plan on returning here.
2	Have been coming here since they opened.  The last six months or so something has changed.The quality of the food and service has suffered.One time I was meeting a friend for lunch and had to call the manager out to the dining area because the music was so loud we couldn't carry on a conversation.Another two times the rice was under cooked.Portion size is way down.Employees back talk you when you ask to have a kids meal made a particular way due to a finicky eating child.I think I'll start driving out to the Chandler mall location.
5	The food always speaks for itself...awesome! But I was much more impressed by the customer service. I am Gluten-Free, and made a request for a large order to be gluten free...during the dinner-time rush hour. The line of about 4 people behind me grew to about 50 people, but the Chipotle crew ensured my gluten-free meal by exchanging all utensils and doing everything else they could to make sure that none of my food came in contact with anything that could have had prior contact with gluten. Despite my order taking about 15 minutes to be completed (because securing a gluten free environment in a restaurant can be pain-stakeningly difficult), the whole crew had nothing but smiles and kindness toward me. I was very impressed and think that all of them definitely deserve raises for such great customer service. Give your business to people who are happy to give good service!
3	They used to have the best chicken. I'm not sure waft happen but they don't hand the same chicken. I still crave the burrito bowl but I tried it with steak not any better. Maybe I will get mine meatless?
1	The only reason I go to this location is strictly out of convenience, but after today I will inconvenience myself to drive to another location. The ONLY reason we went to this location today was because we decided at the last minute to get Chipotle, now I wish we went to the location off Rural and Baseline I believe. First off the place was a hot mess today. Food ALL OVER the floor in the dining area. Yes there were kids there and I know they can be messy but WOW food, rice and paper(yes I said paper, did not know that paper was on the menu, must be new) was all over the floor. Ya know I don't expect places to be completely spotless by any means but at the same time it's just not appealing to see stuff all over the place. Second, the customer service or should I say lack of customer service. If I wanted attitude and nasty looks by the employees I'd go to the MVD because you know everyone there hates their job and has no issue sharing/displaying that to others. The first guy in the food was just gave me a look of "yeah lady I know what the "f" I'm doing" with slight attitude, I move along and get my carnitas, beans and rice slightly annoyed. THEN comes the guy that puts the salsa, cheese sour cream and whatever  else you might want. Once again I get the same look as the last guy, just a little more dominant accompanied by MORE attitude. This guy also decides to OBVIOUSLY completely miss my taco with the sour cream and put in in between the two. Thank you guy, I really didn't want it on my taco, I like to eat it by itself. At this point I just want to get my food and leave. Third, I will have to say that this trip was better than the last. The last one, my boyfriend had to practically hold me back from completely lashing out at the VERY incompetent employee behind the counter. My order REALLY isn't that difficult and I really don't understand why it was sooo hard to comprehend. I always get the three tacos on corn with carnitas, pinto beans, white rice, corn salsa(extra), sour cream(extra) and cheese(extra)(I have to get extra because they never want to put an actual decent amount of any of those three on the food). The only thing I ask to be different is to place the tacos in the bowl instead of the foil because I don't want to EAT foil. Anyways, the first guy that was making my order just simply could not for the life of him understand what I was asking and on top of that was VERY VERY nasty/mean to me. Worse than a three year old throwing a tantrum. It was absolutely awful including the taste of the food!! I ended up throwing it away after just a couple of bites!! Last but not least, I have worked in the customer service for about 15 years now in one way or another. I know what it's like to have difficult, mean, unruly and just downright mean people. I also know not to take it personally and just bite my tongue because arguing with the customer is just adding fuel to the fire and will just not go anywhere for me or the customer. After all that being said, the way we were treated and the way horrible way the food was prepared, there is not anything(and I mean nothing) in this world that will ever bring me back to this location. Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me, fool me thrice, yeah...No not gonna happen! All in all this location is horrible, rude and messy. People have asked me where the nearest Chipotle is and I only tell them about the location on Rural, there is NO reason I should tell them about this one. Thank you for reading/listening to my rant.
4	I stop in for lunch here a lot.  They are very good about getting you through the line quick and have a great quality meal.  I enjoy the steak tacos and burrito bowls.  The entire restaurant was very clean.  There is plenty of space for seating and the high top seating is nice for single eaters.  Very consistent with different items and always enjoyed my meals.
2	I am not sure what ails this particular branch, but quality is bad and portion size is comparably smaller. I only order for either a veggie bowl or a chicken bowl. More often than not the rice turns out undercooked and the chicken is dry. Even if I am paying for an extra helping of chicken or guacamole, the serving size is always less. I have been to other places and never felt disappointed the way I feel at this particular branch.
1	If you have extra time to stand in line while enjoying the view of employees having fun and NOT waiting on customers........ this is a great choice for you. I would love for the Chipotle Corporate Executives come and just watch how they are losing money. Then they could write a manual on how NOT to run a Chipotle. Oh, and the rice was under cooked also.
4	They've got burritos, Mexican bowls, salads and tacos. All with your choice of meat (chicken, steak, carnitas, barbacoa, sofritas or veggie) with your options of cilantro-lime rice, pinto or black beans, a few salsas, cheese, sour cream included. Guacamole is available too, for $1.95extra. They also do chips & guacamole, chips and salsa. For kids, they put together a couple of little combo plate options. And for adults, they also have both beer and margaritas. Don't be afraid if the kind is out the door, it moves quickly and the food is good.
2	I love the food, but I've had it with online ordering; which is why I'm not giving them 4 or 5 stars. DO NOT ORDER ONLINE!!!This is the 5th time they screw up mine and my friends' order. My friend Pre ordered his Steak Bowl from Chipotle this location on 54th street. Which always has a line out the door. Order:White Rice, Steak, Blk Beans, Pinto Beans, Veggies, Medium Salsa and Cheese (simple)What he got:Brown rice, Blk Beans, Medium Salsa.As it was a to-go, we did not notice this until after we got back to the office.
