4	Mi Patio has long been one of my favorite places for Mexican food.  Why you may ask?  Well I first started going there long ago when the margaritas were $1.25...now they are $1.75 but you can still go drink all day for cheap...keep in mind these ARE $1.75 margaritas, so it may take you a few to get your buzz on!   What keeps me coming back though is the food, the price, and the service.  First of all the food and the price:  Is it going to win any awards for being the top notch mexican place in the Valley?  Probably not, but it's pretty darn good and better than dreadful old Macayo's or any of the other big chains.  And the value is excellent too!  For $22 two people can fill up on endless chips and salsa, enjoy a full plate dinner each, along with 2 drinks and fried ice cream for dessert!  My favorite is the Spinach Enchalada...anything there with the Baja sauce is mucho bueno!!As for the service, I'm a big fan of small mom and pop type businesses, and I try to support them whenever I can.  I've been going to Mi Patio for about 9 years now and the same people working there today are the same people who were serving me way back when.  The owner is always friendly whenever he is there just hanging out and chatting with you, and its neat to see the same young men grow from bus boys to servers.  To me this says the employees are happy and treated well, and thats the kind of business I like to support!The ambiance of Mi Patio is very colorful, and family friendly.  There is a bar, along with a smoking and non-smoking section.  It is usually pretty busy around the dinner hour no matter what day of the week, but I have never gone there and had to wait long for a table, if at all.    If you are looking for a quiet romantic sort of place, keep looking because once this place fills up it starts rockin!
5	Yeah!  Real, good Mexican food :)  My dad and I went there for dinner this evening, spurred on by the reviews right here on yelp.  Great atmosphere, authentic Mexican toucans everywhere.  The margarita was pretty good, especially considering it was $1.25!!!  Had the Texas Burro special for $5.55, beef and bean burrito covered with cheese and enchilada sauce with plenty of rice and lettuce.  My dad had his covered in green chili.  He said it is the only Mexican resaturant he has been to in Phoenix with green chili.  My dad loved it, and that is saying everything.  He always complains about Mexican restaurants in Phoenix not being good enough, but with Mi Patio, he was in love!  I'll be going back soon :)
4	Mi Patio es su patio. While there actually is not a patio at Mi Patio there is standard Mexican fare (with a little Greek flare I might add) that is a step up from other local Mexican restaurants. My Chef took me there (I mean, he's a chef, the place is bound to rock my guacamole) and they seemed to know him. Lovin' the "Norm!" a la Cheers kinda thing when I go out with John. Interior was brightly lit, not a piece of black wraught iron in sight. Colorful parrots hang from the ceiling. Oh, did I say they're not real. Clay I believe. Anyway the food. That's why we're here. I had such a hankering for Huevos Rancheros I couldn't pass it up. Served with a chunky ranchera sauce over two corn tortillas along with some fantastic beans and passable rice, I was a happy Tomasito. Homemade flour tortillas are served along with the meal and they were dee lish. John had a combo plate with an enchilada in a savory and medium spiced red sauce with a serving a skirt steak. I thought that was cool. A combo plate where you can get a piece o meat. The guacamole, chips and salsa were all on my A list.
3	This restaurant isn't great, but it's a really comfortable place to stuff your face with mostly standard Mexican fare. The service is usually very good. Overall, Mi Patio serves its purpose. It's a fun and friendly place to have a fattening and satisfying meal.
4	See, all my friends but one hate this place. I always beg and plead for Mi Patio, but no one ever wants to go. The complaint is always the same, that the food tastes like soap most of the time. And then it dawned on me.The only other person who likes this place as much as I do usually also leaves as tanked as I do.The $1.25 margaritas mentioned before absolutely do their trick.Call me a boozebag, call me easily distracted, but I loooove Mi Patio.
5	Mi Patio is a clean and casual family-owned restaurant in central Phoenix. Mi Patio is unique to any other Mexican restaurant in the Phoenix metropolitan area as the cuisine is Mexican with a Greek influence to some of their dishes. Mi Patio is also distinguished from other Mexican restaurants in the Phoenix area because it FEELS like it's family owned. More often than not one of either of owners will personally inquire about your dining experience.I've never had anything but great food at Mi Patio and although most Mexican restaurants are generous with their portions Mi Patio is extremely generous. You won't leave Mi Patio hungry.It's hard for me to pick the best item on the menu but I'm fond of the Mexican pizza and the Greek-Mex salads.And although this is a very clean family atmosphere it also has a great bar. The bar is short and in the front of the restaurant but it feels like the neighborhood bar where you know the names of everyone sitting there before you finish your first drink. Like many of their customers you may have first heard about the business from word-of-mouth. They serve great margaritas for $2.00. :-)Mi Patio is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix and I stop in whenever I can. And a lot of times when I don't have the time to eat there I get food to go (their to-go menu is really inexpensive - something like $4.95 for a two taco plate with rice and beans.)  Check it out!
4	mi patio is one of my favorite places to start a saturday night. the combination of mexican and greek may seem scary at first.  when my best friend ordered a spinach and feta chimichanga i was a little frightened, but it was love at first bite.the bartender is amazing on saturday nights.
4	This is not a great restaurant, but I am fond of this place. It can be loud and the chairs are cheap.  Tables are too close together and sometimes wobble. But I am fond of it. Mi Patio doesnt lure hordes of foodie hipsters like El Bravo or Carolinas and the simple Sonoran fare is not remarkably better than Carlos O'Brien's - yet I bristle at Carlos and cop an irrational, almost paternal sentiment towards this place.      I am fond of Mi Patio because this is the home of nice, hardworking people - and whether they know it or not, their familiar routines and personal instincts comfort me.  The way the old man greets us too loudly before the front door shuts completely behind us.  The way the server seamlessly catches my eye and beckons us to follow him to a back table.   The way you needn't ask the price of recited "specials" because Mi Patio is devoid of deception. The way tortillas, wrapped in tin foil, invariably stay hot through your meal.  The way mistakes are courteously corrected without self conscious indignation or crocodile fawning amok in "better" restaurants. The way someone, somewhere, is laughing.  The way the old man looks in your eye when he asks how your meal was. The way he notices how tall your kid's grown, even though you only make it in two or three times a year.  The way I have enough cash to cover the bill. The way we take leftovers home and enjoy them that night.   Growing up in the Camelback corridor, my son has been weaned on corporate and chain restaurants, many of which are quite good. But none of them send him home with cheap bubblegum or a corny riddle, or dare toussle his hair. One day, when my son is my age, this restaurant and the old men - both of us - will be gone.  Perhaps the restaurant name will be lost to memory. But I hope he associates unpretentious decency and a quirky tenderness with Mi Patio - enough to look back and say, "I was fond of that place."
4	I adore Mi Patio.  I've enjoyed every entree I've gotten, the chips and salsa are yum, the margaritas are killer, and CHEAP.  I almost always have the same waiter, but they are all as friendly as can be.  Now that the weather is warming up, even though they don't really HAVE a patio, Mi Patio is still one of my favorite places to sit around on a lazy weekend afternoon.  If you like Mexican food even a little, GO!!
3	Mi Patio without a Patio?  This gives you a hint of what is about to happen.The interior is modest and Patio"est".  Patio type tables and chairs with Terra Cotta tiled floors and Mexican influenced tchotchke decorations.  Promptly upon seating, a silver bowl full of chips and a side of salsa arrives.  Things are looking up.Next, time to order a drink or 10.  My first thought is how many places serve a small Margarita for $1.75 and  a large for $3.25?  I am not sure who did the business plan for this place, but generally bars do not use drinks as the loss leader. Shh, don't tell anyone OK?  The large was a healthy size and I am surprised it did not come with a beta fish, so I had two !Sipping on cheap margaritas helped wash down the somewhat stale tasting chips.  Maybe I am just use to super crisp chips, but the salsa did help with the overall experience.I ordered the two chicken taco combo with rice and beans ( I always order with double rice and no beans and they accommodated that).  I have to admit, the chicken tacos were stuffed like a Thanksgiving turkey with plenty of chicken, cheese and lettuce.  I was happy with this result and could barely finish.Overall a good meal, a very solid showing for the patio-less patio place.
3	I thought the food here was only average.  I ordered the combo plate with cheese enchilada, beef taco and bean tostada. It looked like Mexican food, but tasted like American. I don't like overly spicy food, but the food here needs something extra; it's just too bland. Maybe a more flavorful enchilada sauce and stronger tasting cheese for the cheese enchilada. Maybe a little more spice in the beef taco. The food here wasn't bad, but I was expecting more after reading some of these reviews. The service was good, but the food wasn't good enough to get me to come back a second time.
5	Mi Patio has the absolutely cheapest margaritas in town, fer sure!!! $1.75 for a yummy confection on the rocks is fabulous--and it's a GOOD margarita, not a watered-down version. That said, fellow Yelpers, DO be responsible when imbibing upon Mi Patio's spenderiferous drinks.Now that all said--Mi Patio also has some of the best chips and salsa in town to boot!! Combine all that with the fab Mexican fare, fast and friendly service [no, dear, I DON'T mean cervezas, although their beer is ice cold too!] and homey barrio decor and you've got a fiver on your hands.And now for the piece de resistance [or whatever the heck the French spell i out!]--there is a little tiny little patio out back now for the smokers. [not that I smoke, but I understand that smokers have to have someplace to go, too...]
3	Mi Patio is THE place for wallet-friendly Mexican food.  The first time I went, I was pleasantly surprised by the gay-friendly vibe.  The BF and I have been several times and the food is good enough for what it is:  tasty, basic Mexican fare.  The portions are also HUGE.  I can honestly say there is no need to order an appetizer here because the entrees are so large it's almost like dining at The Claim Jumper of Mexican food in terms of portions.
3	Mi Patio is a friendly, welcoming sort of place that you can get a decent meal for little dinero. The margaritas aren't top shelf, but for the price they can't be beat (and who really cares after the fourth or fifth one?!!). I've had better chips, but the salsa is killer and the wait staff is  good at making sure you always have some of each. Service is generally super fast and the food is consistently good.IMHO the Baja Chicken Burro is the best thing on the menu and it's huge - I easily get two meals out of it. The chicken is nicely seasoned and moist, but the best part is the baja sauce that can only be described as bubbly goodness (or as mom would say - lick it off your body good).Go on a Thursday (or early Friday) night and they will offer up some of their unbelievably yummy rice pudding. This isn't your mother's rice pudding either... it's the slow cooked; OMG my arm is going to fall off because I've been stirring this damn pot for 2 hours, pudding kind. And bless their hearts they will even pack it up for you to take home and enjoy later if you have reached your gastral limit.Top everything off with a piece of bazooka on your way out and you definitely won't be disappointed.
4	I'm upping my review one star for two reasons. #1 I just remembered that Mi Patio is a dedicated parter to KAET. Despite the long drive, they consistently donate food for 50 to 75 people during each of KAETs four yearly pledge drives. It's not often you find an establishment committed to the betterment of the entire community!  For that they get another star in my book.The 2nd reason is service. It doesn't matter how busy this place is, you are always greated by a smile, served super fast, checked on throughout your meal, etc. They really do excel at service!
3	Loud.  Cheap Mexican food.  Beer.  What else yuh wanna know?
3	I have to admit that I'm a tad confused by all the raves about the chips and salsa. OK- the salsa was good, but it must have been pretty mild because I could eat it. But unfortunately the chips tasted stale and even like the oil needed changing.We were intrigued by some of the unusual combinations, so we went for the quesapilla. It was good, but in a greasy, boy, am I gonna pay for this later kind of way. It was described as sopapillas with Monterrey jack cheese inside. However, it was served as one large fried gordita-esque thing with cheese pouring out of it. I also decided to try the Mexi-Greek thing they have going here, and ordered the Gyros Chimi. The menu claimed that it was served with a side of rice and baked zucchini. The zucchini turned out to be a veggie combo that included eggplant. Good thing I spotted those dirty nightshades before I plunged into my "zucchini" or else Hubby would have had to stay home tomorrow to make sure I didn't die. Alright, maybe I wouldn't die, but the last time I ate a mystery veggie mix in a D.C. Moroccan restaurant, it turned out to be eggplant cooked in tomatoes- a double whammy for me- and I was so sick I couldn't leave my hotel room. Anyway, dangerous false advertising. The waiter asked the cook to be sure, and then very pleasantly offered to sub it out. The Chimi was interesting- tasty, but so huge I could only eat a third of it. Hubby did better with his superior Baja Chicken Chimi (thanks for the tip- AGAIN- Julie!). The sauce is outstanding.We shared a flan for dessert that was pretty tasteless- maybe calling it "one note" is kinder. Comedor Guadalajara has no competition here.I'm not sure we'll be back- maybe for the $1.75 delicious house margarita. The Original Garcia's is far better in our book.
4	After being quickly seated and served our $1.25 margaritas, I ordered the Navajo Tostada Grande, made of freshly made frybread, beans, green chile, beef, cheese, lettuce and tomatoes.  It was a lot of food for the $8.95. It tasted good, the beef was tender. I would give it just 3 stars, but the service was so good, I gave them an extra star.  The staff makes you feel at home. We sat at our table and talked to friends for an extra hour after our plates were cleared and they kept our water glasses full the whole time.
4	I will tell you exactly why this place is so great.This place will blow your mind.  Not only is the service good, but the food is amazing.  Here is the rub, your friends are drunk and they start babbling on about wanting to go to some Mexican food restaurant that inevitably ends in the letters ____berto's.  It does not matter which, they all are basically the same.  You go and get your gut injected with evil and then are forced to deal with that for 10-12 hours. Talk about regret. Don't do it.  Like a child of abuse, you have the power to stop the cycle.Say "Nah" Like the famous sunglasses kid, "Let's go to Mi Patio and have some fantastic food, amazing service, and keep drinking to boot."  You will be a hero. You will make Ironman look like AquaMan (He's a Chump.  "You sir, command that fish into this taco."). Short list of amazing things to be had here:1. Margaritas.2. Mi Patio Taco. Not a taco and not a burrito. What is it?3. The Chips and Salsa 4. Chicken Tacos.  5.  Ice Tea. 6. Pacifico
4	Deb K took me and fellow co-workers here. The sala and chips were great. Great service, good beer, and its clean too. What? The mini chimis were pretty good, but I only had two b/c the salsa and chips were SO good. They even served us chips and salsa before they knew for sure if we were gonna order something besides beer. The mini chimis were an appitizer, but even 4 of us couldn't finish them! Go Mi Patio.
4	I am a big fan of Mi Patio ... the food is extremely reasonably priced and they always have specials on beers and margaritas.What is most important for me is that they have a ton of vegetarian options. The beans are veggie friendly, so they have multiple choices from bean burros to taco salads to quesedillas to veggie burros... etc etcThe service is always really good to. The chips and salsa are provided immediately, and they food is always out pretty quick.This place is certainly not upscale, but perfect if you want some good mexican food and a place to chill out.
1	Unfortunately, I must update my review based on my most recent dining experience at Mi Patio.  The BF and I stopped in on a Saturday night for a late dinner right before closing.  I have a cast-iron stomach and I almost never have problems with anything I eat.  I ordered the taco salad with beef machaca.  When it arrived, the beef was cold and I only ate two bites as a result.  I surmise the beef had been left out to cool (probably for too long) since the restaurant was about to close.  Needless to say, a few short hours later in the middle of the night I came down with the worst case of food poisoning I have ever experienced.  This wasn't "Oh, I don't feel so good" food poisoning.  This was, "Should I go to the hospital?" food poisoning.  It was so bad I was unable to travel for work the following week.  Mi Patio is now permanently off my list of acceptable eateries; it's just not worth the risk.  Adios, Mi Patio!
4	Very inexpensive and the Tacos are SO good I crave them every time I drive down 7th Ave. The service is excellent and the keep your chips & salsa full.  Not a big fan of Margaritas myself be everyone seems to like them.  They are pretty cheap too. I think $1.25? If you are in the area and are looking for a good Mexican meal, give it a try.
2	Mi Patio is one of those restuants i really do not like. and i cannot understand why people do. the food isn't very good, and the margaritas are just as bad. i've been to Mi Patio as a kid and i remember it being a bit better, but as a kid i don't think you truely understand the different between good and bad. it is what it is and you enjoy it because it's different. as an adult. i'm paying for this shit. and it's regretful. i will not lie, i'll eat here on someone elses dime. but i'll save my shillings for something a wee bit better...like macyo's lol.
4	What can I say.  MI Patio is a pretty good place to eat.  The food is good!  The real reason I return to the place is for the Margarita's    $2.25 for about a 20 oz Margarita!!  Sweet!!! That is the price all day, it is not a happy hour special.  They are not top shelf Margarita's but they are refreshing after a long day of work.  They also have $2.00 specials for beer all day as well.As I said before the food is good, but it isn't the main reason I go there.  I have had several dishes and they have been tastey.  The only thing I would avoid is anything with their red enchilada sauce because it taste like it is from a can.  Just watch out their dishes come out really hot!  They always put out chips and change them when you are getting low, as well they have someone walking around with a jug of salsa to keep you swimming in salsa.  The decor is a little weird they have parrots everywhere and the chairs look like they came from a 70's fast food restaurant.  The service of the waiters has been 50/50.  I would have given it 3 stars if it wasn't for the cheap alcoholic drinks and the reasonable pricing.  It is not trying to be more than it is, which is cheap eats, cheap drinks and cheap prices.  Unlike other Mexican restaurants (see my other reviews of Mexican restaurants) which I tend to bash because the pricing isn't reflective of the quality.
3	This is not the worst Mexican food I've ever had. It isn't the best either, and ultimately I'd say it is about average, or slightly better. The service here is pretty friendly, or rather, over the top friendly. They just give you the run of the place to pick where you want to sit and what you want to do. They are extremely nice. It's inexpensive food, and the chips and salsa are great. The place does get very very loud on the weekends and has a lot of screaming kids.
4	$1.75 margaritas, all day, every day. What else is there to say? OK, I have a few more things to say. I started coming here about a year and a half ago because it's a hop, skip and jump from my office and was the go-to Mexi restaurant for special lunches and happy hours.For its decent food and SUPER-fast and friendly service, you can't beat it. It will satisfy that Mexican food craving but 'tis true it is nothing to write home about. (I imagine if I were from the East Coast or like Idaho or something, I really would write my friends and family regularly to brag about the amazing Mexican food in AZ, just sayin'.)Cases in point of "super-fast-and-friendly-service": 1)Came here for drinks and apps with a friend and were about to settle our tab and head out the door anyway when our server kindly asked if we would mind moving tables to accommodate a large party - and we would be given margaritas on the house for the "trouble." 2) Myself and two other friends dropped in for a quick bite and were brought chips and salsa before even ordering - I love that - and our margarita orders were taken immediately and were out within the minute. When our food orders were placed, the plates were out within three minutes - I'm not kidding! And our waters and margaritas were never below the one-third line before being asked if we'd like more. Also, the server gave not one, but TWO freebies: shots of sweet red liquid he simply called "Mexican Kool-Aid" (he even smiled when I hissed "I think we're being roofied, go with it!") and rice pudding. He apparently thought we might like it, and I sure did.Anywho, it's consistently fast and friendly and pretty cheap too. Throw in those cheap drinks and what's not to love about that?
4	If you want cheap margaritas and great chips and salsa, this place has Ritas for 1.75! I think they put celery salt in their very mild but tasty table sauce, which is especially nice along with the margaritas. All of the food on the menu is good. Not really down-home mexican, more like down-home chicano, but still delicious in it's own right.The eggplant enchiladas are pretty good, but they have this light chicken burro plate with cabbage and celery and a really good peppery vinaigrette, that I discovered I preferred without the tortilla, and this is my staple when I visit Mi Patio.This is a really great place to get tipsy and fed with friends if you happen to live walking distance.... the waiter bought my friend and I a shot after one or two of our meals.... I guess he knew I would tip him for it! :-)This place is always nice and cool on a hot summer day.This kind of private business should stay in business. This kind of sweat and kindness should be rewarded by our patronage.Everyone smiles here with real love.... or maybe it is tequila?
1	I really hated this place.  Granted, I am not a fan of Mexican food, but I know good Mexican food when I taste it, and I know bad Mexican food when I taste it.  I will tell you that this place is getting one star solely on the absolutely terrible food I had and the awful service.First of all, our server was hardly ever present.  I found this strange considering our group of 4 was only 1 of 3 or 4 tables in the whole place.  We ordered an appetizer along with our drinks, specifically requesting for the app to come out before the entrees.  This didn't happen.  In fact, our entrees were served and we never received our app.  After we pointed that out to our waiter who decided to stop by after we were about 3/4 done with our food, the waiter asked if we would like for him to get it now.  Um, no.  We're done now.  UghAs for the food, it was far below mediocre.  I got the beef flautas and they were awful.  The meat was as dry as can be and had absolutely no seasoning.  NONE!  The shells were somehow soggy and flavorless.  Boo.  I order one of the easiest things to make on the menu, besides a quesadilla, and I get the worst possible experience.  What a shame.  Everyone else didn't seem too thrilled about their food either.  I hate this place.  I will never be back.  It's hard to get people to come back when the whole restaurant smells like a port-a-potty.  I can excuse the filth, because honestly, doesn't good Mexican food come from a dirty kitchen?  See ya Mi Patio, I'm heading over to Filli B's.
3	Great price, fast service, chips and salsa are awesome. FOODYou can eat as little as you want or as much as you want and still not break the bank. If you're not really hungry you can get something simple like soup or plain tortillas wth beans. If you're starving order a Mexi-pizza.Each stereotypical mexican entree comes heaping with beans, rice and lettuce- so you will have a plateful of food. SERVICEChips, drinks, and salsa arrive at the table almost before you do. Drinks are always promptly refilled. They never complain if they have to split a check. OTHERThe only reason they don't get 4 stars is because they aren't high quality Mexican food- more like a step up from fast food. The tables and chairs are also very tightly packed into the establishment.
4	I've been here a few times now, probably 6-7 in the past year. I've enjoyed every encounter, both dining in and take out.No its not modern. It doesn't have a unique take on the Mexican food. It won't win any awards.But it's as close to Mexican comfort food as it gets, and I love it. IT reminds me of growing up in Phoenix, and all of the family started Mexican restaurants all over the valley. Simple and filling. The service has always been great, everyone  who works there seems genuinely glad you came.I'm a simple man. That's good enough for me.
4	I am writing an update because it DOES NOT get better than a freaking plate sized cheese stick. Seriously. Get the quesapilla. It is a sopapilla filled with cheese. That's it. Your heart will hate you but your belly will love you. Seriously. Oh, and you cannot beat a $9 pitcher of margaritas. Seriously.
4	YES.  Slightly grubby inside, not big, but the food was good, the chips and salsa were AMAZING, the booze was cheap cheap cheap, (a single dollar and seventy-five cents will net you a margarita) and the service was excellent.  When people complain about how customer service is dead (am I the only one who does this?), send them here.  Our waiter had minimal formal training, there were no "comments/suggestions" cards, no floor managers looming over us.  He knew what he was doing, and that's a testament to the value of common sense.
4	For those of you who don't "habla Espanol", Mi Patio is Spanish for.. My Patio.We have already heard from umpteen people that there is no patio. That is the point! Get it?! it's a metaphor. The whole restaurant is the patio! amazing.The quesapilla. It is a sopapilla...giant one...full of cheese...oh fluffy greasy goodness. Now...this place would have to be pretty bad to suck when they offer margaritas for a mere 4 George Washingtons: one paper and three terminator washingtons (quarters) For those of you who don't habla gibberish that is $1.75. ($9 a pitcher(a big pitcher))Eat. Drink. Be whatever the hell you want to be.
4	I have a simple life, big and small, soft and crispy, full of obvious contradictions and some surprising incarnations. The life of a tortilla is much like anyone else full of glamour, large family drama and constant transformation. I'd like to share that story with you here today, my life as a tortilla.Ever since being a young kernel of corn I've know I was different from the rest of the ear. While the other kernels longed to be cereal and ethanol, I knew that I wanted to be a star. Celebrated each and every day, giving promise of a brighter and tastier future. Then it happened, I was suddenly plucked, mashed, rolled and pressed, being transformed from the ugly duckling into the beautiful swan I always knew I was. Destined for greatness in the kitchen of Mi Patio, I knew it was all coming true for I am the corn tortilla.From the second you walk in the door of my home, you can sense my presence. Bold colors, comfortable seating and smiling faces were all there to celebrate my life and times. As soon as you are seated a hot, lightly salty and crispy bowl of me is sat onto the table. They've cut me into triangles so I'm easier to handle, then I'm deep-fried golden and simply beautiful. My 2 friends, Mild and Spicy, are a couple of salsas that love to hang out all over me. Go ahead, grab me and dip me deep into one of them, slather me in their tomato goodness, I deserve it as much as you do. I have another friend, the cold and refreshing Margarita ($1.75), who simply completes me. Enjoy them slowly while the wandering minstrels play requests from my motherland of Mexico, this would bring a joyful tear to me eye, if I had one.On the menu you can find many of my brothers, sisters and cousins. My cousin Quesapilla ($6.35) is a real show off though his beginnings are quite humble. Some also call him native fry bread but I just call him a crowd pleasure. Stuffed with gobs of cheese and griddled until melted and bubbly, he tastes just as good as he looks. Spoon on some fresh pico de gallo and you'll see why the ladies swoon and the men groom. My sister from another mother, Quesadilla ($5.95) is a total sweetheart. She's wide, thin and crispy all covered with cheese and I mean that in the nicest possible way. She, Mild and Spicy have a triad relationship, all complementing one another in each melted bite.Baja Chicken Burro ($8.35) is one of my favorite uncles. He's the uncle who shows up delicious and golden brown, draped in an outrageous creamy coat of sour cream and cilantro, Id have to say he is all about glamour and fashion. Much like season 1 of Project Runway where Jay McCarroll and Wendy Pepper would cat fight every single week, my uncle Baja simply does not get along with auntie Huevos Rancheros ($8.35), a snide but delicious bitch. Her fluffy eggs are perfectly cooked, her delicious Ranchero sauce and her rice and beans make for a satisfying anytime platter.Not liking to sound like a total me-me, I do have to say that I taste pretty good wrapped around Carne Asada con Pico de Gallo ($11.75). Tender steak grilled to a nice medium and served with pico de gallo, rice and beans. All you have to do is fill me up with some of your juicy meat and it's a win-win scenario. I get to soak up your meat juice and you get to eat all 6" of my round deliciousness.Every family has a black sheep and mine is no exception. Coming from a Greek father and a Mexican mother, Gyros Chimi ($8.50), is one of mystery and excitement. Inside she is full of tender slices of roasted gyro meat, gently deep fried then she's covered in the perfect accessory, creamy cucumber sauce. To add to her difference she is served with a hearty baked zucchini complete with sliced onion and a rich tomato sauce. You'll have no idea what you're getting yourself into until you take your first bite, delish.Unlike auntie Huevos, the Chorizo and Egg Burro ($6.55), is tasty and uncomplicated. Any chance I get to soak in sauce I'm so there! Try the #106 Beef Taco, Cheese Enchilada, Rice & Beans ($8.55) for a celebration of soak. Stuffed with cheese then covered in a slightly sweet and spicy sauce I taste real good if I can say so myself. I also enjoy being bent over, deep-fried then filled with beef and topped with lettuce and tomatoes. One bite into my crunchy exterior exposes my goods for you to enjoy completely.I'm a firm believer that a meal is never complete without something sugary, it doesn't have to be too big. Fry bread with Cinnamon & Honey ($3.25) is sticky and sweet cousin of mine, who I like to call Fannie. Like my other cousin Quesapilla, she's golden brown, chewy and drizzled with honey and a sprinkle of cinnamon. After tasting Fannie, you might wonder why you've never given her a taste before?Now that I've been able to share so much of myself with you here today, I feel a great peace and inner joy that can only be brought out by my loyal fans. In whatever form I take from a taco to a warm steamy basket know this, I am here for u.
4	mi patio has no patio. oxymoron?????this would be a 5 star review minus the non-existent patio, which i believe is essential for sunday beer/margarita drinking. i've been here a few times and have never been disappointed. their food is good and cheap, and like all good and cheap mexican food, gives you the shits the next day. i ordered their appetizer sampler once, which was delicious and filled with lots of little tasty treats. their cheese enchiladas are gooey and delicious. everything comes with beans and rice. the beef tacos are shredded and come in crunchy shells, just how i like them. and the chips and salsa are never ending. mmmmmmmmmtheir margaritas are delicious. i think it was like $10 for a big pitcher of them. they also have a variety of margaritas, not just plain ones (try strawberry, mmmm my fav, very tart), and a variety of other drinks as well. every time i've been in there drinking, they've given me and my friends a free shot. maybe so we drink more? who knows, but a free shot is a free shot.
4	What do you know, I went back!  The owner was kind enough to email me a while back and we discussed what it was I was unhappy with, he gave me some recommendations based on my tastes, and he sent me a gift certificate to try them out again.  This time around, instead of a dismal one star rating, I find myself wavering between 3 and 4.  I will clarify that I would like to give this place 3.5 but I am rounding up because I have never had chicken as juicy as I did the other night in my entire life.The husband and I stopped by here right after work, at about 4, and there were a handful of tables already full.  As the time progressed, it became much busier.  I would also like to report that the strong artificial cherry port-a-potty smell I picked up on last time is no longer there.  All I smelled was the food.  We seated ourselves, I glanced over the menu, and I knew what I was going to order.  Thanks to reviews from nathan and Amber, I ordered the quesapilla as an app, and for my entree, I went with the Baja Chicken Burro per the owner's suggestion.The Quesapilla came out quickly and was already oozing cheese.  I cut it open to share and I couldn't help but stare and watch the cheese slowly fall out.  It was like porn to me.  I have an addiction to food porn.  The taste of it was fantastic.  The cheese tasted great and the crispy/soft shell around it was very nice.  The Baja Chicken Burro (a chicken burrito deep fried and then baked, then topped with cheese and cream cheese sauce) was delicious.  The outside was perfectly crisp, there was just enough cheese, and the cream cheese sauce was perfect!  I was nervous about the sauce because I am not the biggest fan of cream cheese, but this was really great.  It was slightly spicy with a really nice cooling effect because of the dairy.  The chicken was incredible.  It was so juicy and so flavorful I thought I might have a foodgasm.  I can't believe I am saying that about Mexican food, but it's true.  They know their chicken.Overall, the food was fantastic, much better this time, but the service was okay.  It started off really strong with our drinks coming immediately after we ordered them, and subsequently our food, but after we finished we were left waiting about 20 or so minutes just to get our check.  I also couldn't help but notice while we were waiting, that this place seems to be so friendly.  The owner knew so many of the customers by name and was genuinely interested in their lives.  It was refreshing to see that kind of friendliness.  I take back my original review, it was very clearly an off day.  My husband and I very much enjoyed our food this time around.  Next time I have a taste for Mexican food (probably next cinco de mayo week) I will think about stopping by again.
4	Well it is a Mexican place that is close to downtown that actually has waiters so that is a big plus right there.  The chips and salsa that seem obligatory with Mexican places were pretty good.  I ordered a spinach and feta burrito or something.  I couldn't really see it because it was burried under a ton of this cream sauce stuff - not that I minded, that stuff was good!  My burrito thing was really tasty and I'd probably order it again.  Their menu was a bit overwhelming and I wish it had some pictures cuz I had no idea what most of it was.  In the end, it was good, and I'm sure I'd go back.
4	Mi Patio catering was food at a recent party I went to in Phoenix. Mostly great Mexican food, with a hint of Greek food thrown in (I was told there was a family connection). Hence, delicious fajita filling AND guilt-inducing spanakopita (edit: more like spinach-filled egg rolls, to be precise). I prolly won't make it to Phoenix Friday tonight, but it'll be worth going!
3	Food and service was pretty good. The margaritas were a very good deal, but on the weak side. I will go there again!
4	I have been going to Mi Patio for about 8 years. Yes, many boyfriends accompanied me and now my husband ;) The place is CONSISTENTLY GOOD. Which you cannot say for a lot of places. I almost always, for 8 years, have gotten the spinach chimi with feta cream sauce. Yummy! It comes with rice but I always get rice and beans as I like to mix em! I have also gotten their chicken guacamole tacos here too, they are good as well, tons of fresh guac! My husband gets the spinach enchiladas as he dares to be different from me, he loves them as well. The margaritas are cheap, not a lot of alcohol, but refreshing none the less and two of the big ones do suffice, I think they are $2.75. The chips are not my favorite but the salsa, albeit mild, is super tasty and always fresh. The service is usually good and sometimes the server will bring you free fruity shots for dessert. The sort of shot is never known, it's free, I don't ask, never has a roofie in it. Love Mi Patio!
2	I wish I loved Mi Patio.I could walk here from my house. It's cheap and has a big menu. The margaritas are yummy and cost the same as pop. It's cute, inside and out.But the food...? It's just.... so.... blah. And there's so much amazing Mexican food in the area, why in God's name would you settle for blah?Every time my SO and I go by it, we look at each other, shrug, and say, "I wish we liked that place!"Maybe we'll give it another try sometime soon....
5	Proud to call Mi Patio a neighbor since moving to Phoenix in 2002.... Have enjoyed the same great food since - consistency - such a seemingly simple thing, but apparently very hard for most to achieve - Mi Patio should give seminars to other restaurants on this point.Great atmosphere - staff on board for years - kind of a mexican Cheers - keep going and everyone will know your name.   The Guacamole Beef taco is to die for, the Albondigas soup will put your Grandmother to shame, the Margaritas are a party, and the chips and salsa are, in my opinion, the best in town - the chips are light and fresh - most of the time warm - and the salsa is the perfect combo of flavor and heat.
4	Great spot for lunch or dinner. Reasonable prices, good food. They get very busy on weekdays so come early or late for lunch if you want to be seated right away. The owners are friendly and they get to know their regular customers.
4	Thanks to my swim team that likes to eat here once in a while after swim practice, I was introduced to this cozy little spot to which I have returned time and again, leaving very full and satisfied each time. Fast and friendly service, tasty food, cheap drinks ... and mariachi music once in a while. I especially love their burros and tamales, and the complimentary freshly-cooked tortilla chips that keep comin'. And I like the fact that they stay open a bit later than a lot of the other dining places in the vicinity.
4	I always enjoy myself when I come here! ! mean come one cheap food! $1.75 margaritas! How could you go wrong?Sure they're not top shelf margaritas and maybe a tad watered down but they are better than what I initially expected from a $1.75 margarita. Seriously people. You're complaining about a $1.75 margarita? Are you never happy??Now for the food.I love their food. That baja sauce!!!! I could eat that off anything! I would put it on my pancakes if I could! I have tried numerous menu options and always enjoyed what I had.The NachosBaja Chicken BurritoPatio Taco (a deep fried FLOUR tortilla, not corn)Those are my favorites.(I'm not going to name beers because those are the same whether you get em at Mi Patio or a grocery store)It's a fun place to come with a few friends, drink a few cheap margaritas, good cheap food in big portions...You definitely get more than your money's worth here.
4	I know there are already tons of reviews for Mi Patio, but I wanted to throw my two cents in because I love this place so much! This is my go to local restaurant - they serve consistently good food, it's pretty inexpensive, and it's only a few blocks from my house. Now, I'm the first to admit that I'm not much of a food snob, but when I want delicious, no-frills Mexican food and a cheap margarita, this is the place to be.  Don't get me wrong, they do have tons of unique offerings on their menu, but they haven't forgotten about the old classics. Luckily, they provide chips and salsa  to keep you company while you mull over the menu - there are a lot of great things to choose from. Some favorites are the quesapilla (like a sopapilla, but cheesy), the salmon flauta (served with this crazy-tasty pesto sauce), and the Baja Chicken Chimi (cheesy, fried, baja sauce-smothered goodness). Oh, and there was also a time when I was totally addicted to their beef tacos. I mean truly addicted - I craved those things like my sis craved peanut butter and Cheez-its the last time she was pregnant. And it didn't help that their take out taco special is only 6 bucks for two tacos, rice, and beans. Yum.P.S. I also have to mention that the service is great, the food gets to you super quick, and you never have an empty drink for long.
4	I've been here many times and the food never disappoints.  Is it the best mexicano food in town?  No, but it's pretty good.  I'm partial to the gyros chimichanga, which sounds bizarre but is absolutely fantastic, and the baja chimi, although the latter could use more spice in the sauce.  Overall, a nice experience, and not judgmental at all, I can come in wearing just about anything after a night out at the bars and have never had a problem.
5	the scene: san francisco girl fondly accustomed to cold and foggy summer days takes on a seemingly endless road trip to the fiery hell pits of arizona. desperately in search of good mexican food. i never realized how much i hated being in cars until i took a road trip with my mom and dad a month ago. it's not my parents fault, i love hanging out with them. they're hilarious. only my dad can take a boring 15 minute story and turn it into an exciting 3 hour one, and only my mom can debate about something so ridiculous everyone ends up in a fit of laughter. i just don't like being held hostage for hours, trapped in a suffocating seatbelt...... we headed further away from san francisco and closer to LA, and then it hit me all of a sudden. all i could think about was how much i was craving an enormous margarita with some great mexican food. i endured more hell when we were forced to turn off the A/C driving through the damn grapevine as my dad yapped on and on about the time my uncle jerry went on a 4 day casino binge with my auntie jeannie and an oxygen tank (don't ask).we finally hit LA and proceeded east on Hwy 10 towards the arizona border while the thermometer crept towards triple digits.... i couldn't stop thinking that my enormous margarita and mexican food was getting closer by the minute. time dragged by as we passed a random cactus or five through indio, coachella and finally blythe, until the border finally came into sight. i was giddy. the last stretch! through the 112 degree arizona desert to, downtown central phoenix... my mouth could already taste the margarita. it would be potent, it would be served in a large glass. on the rocks, no salt. i call my brother, hands shaking.... "JOEY dammit, i need good mexican. big margaritas. cheap. NOW!"our little slice of heaven just happened to be about a block or so from my brothers place, so we picked him up along the way. i could hardly contain myself as we soared into Mi Patio's parking lot, my door already open before the engine was off.i noted as we walked in it's not big or fancy, but it's cheerful, festive and warm. mom and pop type joint. you can tell by the smell, the food is going to be good.  yes, they serve $1.75 margaritas. you read that right, $1.75... my mom looked worried when she saw the gleam on my face. as you can probably guess, these cheap wonders aren't all that potent, or all that big. so i just ordered an extra shot with mine and the price was still only a few bucks more. the $2 beer specials made my dad pretty happy. the bar, already packed, seemed to be an obvious happy hour spot.next the food. no salsa is ever hot enough for my dad. it burned my mouth pretty good, but i'm not exactly a manly man so i stuck to the milder one... my brother, dad and i all ordered the carne asada picado burro while my mom had the chicken burro. now my mom is a mere 97 lbs and rarely finishes her whole plate, so it's really a testament to this place that she almost did, or even tried. (especially since they really heap the food on) the collective response from around our table was... yummm. for the price, you're coming out way ahead. trust me.halfway through dinner, as they seated 3 strapping phoenix police officers next to our table, i realized the quality of the food here wasn't just my imagination (or the effects of heavy tequila consumption). in my experience, anywhere you see a gaggle of local cops eating, is a sign of decent food. right?i left there thinking, what sweltering desert? do your worst arizona! if you keep feeding me like this, i'll take on your heat any day of the week.
4	Always good times at Mi patio..Cheap margaritas, yummy taquitos, good conversation with a fellow yelper..Dotsy, good call!
5	I moved into a house nearby and immediately added Mi Patio to my list of restaurants to visit as often as possible. The Baja Chicken Burrito owns, as does the everyday margarita special!
3	Hubby and I came here for the margaritas.Okay okay, I came for the margaritas and dragged my husband and kiddo along with me. We decided to just split the gigantor appetizer platter. A guy came out and made my kid a balloon puppy, which he was terrified of, but it was a really neat gesture. Everyone was so friendly. I practically had to beat the waitress off with a stick to get her to stop refilling my water and salsa after each bite/sip.The platter came out on an XL pizza dish and smelled to die for. I had no idea what I was eating as it all kind of looked the same (good mexican should look the same going in as it does going out though, you know its true) but it was fabulous. Im not sure if the cheese was real, but I don't think I care. There was a ton left over to take home and attempt to reheat later, too, and they had to roll us out to the car.But the margaritas? Nothing special. I didn't even get a refill, and thats rare for me when around cheap booze. The bathrooms were pretty gross. Hence the star deduction.Its cheap, it's fast, and its a greasebucket. The folks are friendly and there are biiiig ole TVs and paintings of parrots. What more do you want!?
4	SO after working all day... then going to school.. first english...and then a TWO HOUR MATH class... i start craving some horchata like no other!! the entire drive home all i could think of was that luscious creamy rice milk.... mmmmm..... i get home and its 930pm already.... we don't go out much... so we kinda drove around until we found a Mexican food restaurant that was open and pulled in... there were still a few people inside so were thought SCORE!!!! we walk in and the guy at the cashier was super nice... he seated us... i of course ran to the ladies room... mmmm i give it a 3..... its didn't smell to pleasant.... and yes i do expect a bathroom to smell good... you don't wanna your customers to loose their appetites right?? by the time i got back we already had our drinks and some chips and salsa i love so much! right away i order some horchata!!! but they freeze theirs.... i never had it like that before... but it was good : ) I Got a beef Tostada... oh it was shredded beef.. and they were very generous : ) and my roommate got a Quesadilla it was the size of a med pizza!! it looked sooo yummy!!.... the service was supper speedy but our waiter seemed a little irritated... and then the bar turned off its lights... lol we were those annoying people that come in 5 minutes before closing!!!! i felt soooo bad!!! especially after hearing tid bits of what the other employees were saying to our waiter before they left.... (they were speaking Spanish... i know very little) we tried to eat as quick as possible... the cashier guy came over and finished being our Waiter... he was so nice... they closed at 10pm we were done and out by 10:08..... i don't think I've ever only spent 18 minutes in a sit down Restaurant before! lol ahhhh the things we do for our horchata cravings....
1	I am so disappointed with Mi Patio.I was so excited to go there tonight, get drunk, eat some great food then call Sunrise cab (see my other reviews) and head over to First Friday. But that is not what happened at all.I first noticed that it wasn't too busy which to me was great but for a Friday night, kind of weird, especially with $1.75 margaritas. Awesome, right? Or so I thought. I started off with the XL because I save 0.25 that way, me figuring I was going to be getting at least two. They were horrible!!!! They actually caused me physical pain, every sip I took it would cause my stomach to wrench up, I tried chasing every sip with water with no avail. There was no tequila in it at all, it tasted like straight up sweet and sour mix, well maybe expired sweet and sour mix that was left out in the sun for 2 or 3 days. When we asked our waiter about it he just said he didn't understand what we were saying, repeated the price and walked away. I'm a very passive person so no big deal to me. We just figured "what did we expect for $3.25". They were huge though so plus for that...??? The food was pretty good, that's what the one star is for. We shared the Baja Chicken Burro. I mean it wasn't anything spectacular but it had a good taste. Nothing that would make me come back though.I'm glad we at least tried it and got it out of our system but we'll keep looking. I think maybe I built it up too much in my head. I would give them a 1.5 but I'm rounding down for the pain that was caused.
5	Last Time i visited this place i dropped in my business card (finally a good use for them lol) and with in that next week i got a coupon in the mail for a free meal! HEYA!!! I have been itching to use it for days!! The best part is that it is only a block or so away from my school, class gets out right before 9... and it closes at 10... just enough time... math makes me crave Mexican, i cant help myself.... last night i had the shredded beef burrito with cheese and sour cream inside... and beans on the side... i was in heaven!!! Their beef is soooo goooodddd!!!! i think they are starting to recognize us.. lol Mmm I'm In love with this place!!
5	I recently revisited Mi Patio, after having been introduced several years ago by my sister, and then forgetting about it almost entirely until I had a recent date who said she enjoyed Mexican food. Mi Patio happened to be close to another one of our destinations that evening, so it fit perfectly into my plans. After reading the reviews here beforehand, I decided to give the Baja Chicken Burro a try, and I must say, I will NEVER forget Mi Patio again. This thing was so delicious that it sometimes haunts me in my dreams! Seriously, it's THAT good. The chips and salsa were pretty decent, albeit a little heavy on the cilantro. Good food, fair prices, definitely worth a try if you haven't been there yet.
4	So I went back. I am super glad I did.I had the spinach feta chimi and OH MY GOD so delicious that I actually was mmmmmmm-ing at the table. My friend actually pointed out that with every bite I took I did a little happy dance.So good!!!Stayed as far away from the margaritas and just stuck with H2O. I'll definitely go back for the food.
2	While this style of food may appeal to some, it's just not for me. At the recommendation of a friend, we were told to try the tacos. The chicken tacos arrived in what appeared to be homemade taco shells. The shells are thicker and seemed to be deep fried and a little greasy. The chicken (as another reviewer stated) is deep fried. Honestly, this tasted like Kentucky Fried Tacos to me, and since I'm not a fan of fried chicken, this wasn't an enjoyable meal. My wife got the Caribbean Martini and while she said it was delicious, the martini glass wasn't filled close to the top. I'm giving it 2 stars (rather than 1) because the service was good and the menu is priced well.
5	I am a phoenix native but have been living on the East coast for more than 12 years.  My immeadiate family is still here in Phx and every time I come to visit I have to go to Mi Patio for my Mexican Food fix.  Start with the green chile chese crisp and then dive right into green chile burrito or their uniquely delicious baja chicken burrito.  Actually, every time we go everyone loves what they get.  Dont forget to ask about the specials which are always great.  It is definitely a family run place, in fact the Dad and Son work at the bar!  If you are ever in need of a solid mexican meal, this is the place.  Highly recommended from someone who knows good mex when he see's it.
5	What more can you say about a menu that is Mexican and Greek?  I love this restaurant, everything I've had (Mexican or Greek) has been superb.  The service is awesome and even though the joint is tiny, they move the folks in and out quickly.  If you're ever in the area and hungry for Mexican (or Greek) - don't hesitate to stop here!
4	I had been wanting to try Mi Patio for a long time.  But since it's all the way "in the avenues" as my husband says, it's taken awhile.I have to say I was almost a little disappointed upon arriving to find that it is a fairly nice restaurant, not the hole-in-wall, don't look under the table, in the window sills, and especially the kitchen, kind of place that we all know have the BEST food.  And with a nicer store front usually comes a higher price tag.  Mi Patio is no different.  Combination plates are in the $10 range.  Kind of expensive for Mexican food in my opinion.  Perhaps I'm still living in 1978.In spite of that, we were seated and introduced to their chips and salsa.  The chips, unfortunately, were cold.  Had they been hot, they would have been the thin and crispy tortilla chips I love.  But the salsa was really really really good.Because my husband and I have vowed to eat less in 2010, we shared a meal, an appetizer in fact.  Unfortunately, it was the $17 appetizer supreme that would have fed half of Mexico.  A pizza-sized platter filled with mini chimis, flautas, red chile nachos, and gyro slices (I thought that was odd, but my husband loved them).  We had wonderful service with two people making sure our drinks were kept filled.The sampler had enough variety for me to learn I will happily make the trek back to "the avenues" for Mi Patio again.
4	I first tried out Mi Patio about 2 years ago and thought that it was just okay.  But my sister wanted to go have lunch today, and with both of us having a craving for Mexican, Mi Patio is in the middle of our 2 offices so I decided to give it a try again.  Thank goodness for second chances...because Mi Patio delivered!I found the restaurant to be much cleaner than on my initial visit, and the service was so attentive and so quick.  We never had our glasses less than half full without getting a refill, and the chips were flowing!  The chips were really good, served warm they were light and crispy!Our food seriously came out less than 5 minutes after ordering, which is such a bonus when you are on your lunch hour.  My sister had the spinach enchiladas and loved them.  I went with a beef taco and green chile beef burro.  The taco was excellent, the shell was crispy and not greasy and the beef had a ton of flavor.  I usually measure a restaurant based on their green chile and their beans, and these were both excellent.  The green chile had tender beef and the sauce had some nice spicy elements to it.  The beans were creamy and covered in cheese, just the way I like them!I will definitely be going back to Mi Patio, the food is good and the people that work there are so hospitable, it makes for a wonderful dining experience.
5	Feb 22 - Adjust to 5 stars.  We have now ordered take out several times from this place and it is yummy.  On top of it, the staff are so incredibly friendly to my husband and daughter.  Top notch service and food deserve 5 stars. All of these years living down the street we never went in because we thought it was a bar. We turned to Yelp for a carryout place and saw the reviews. My hubbie and I were pleasantly surprised. We placed the order and it was ready in ten minutes. The food came home piping hot. Salsa and chips were yummy. I had a chicken chimichanga smothered in guacamole and sour cream. The chicken in the chimichanga burrito consisted of all white meat - moist and flavorful. My husband had a combo plate - an enchilada, relleno, rice, beans and beef taco. I think the relleno was wrapped in a corn tortilla, not the traditional egg batter. It was a bit strange.  The green chili itself was flavorful. Being from NM, I am used to a red sauce being made from red chili powder. I could not quite distinguish what the sauce was made from that covered the enchilada.  All in all the food was quite tasty and reasonable for the amount of food we received. On top of it the service both over the phone and on site were great. My husband said the place was packed when he stopped by around 6:30 pm.
4	Stopped by here with the partner in between classes at Phoenix College.  We were pleasantly surprised.  Had the Burro and the Tamale...both were excellent.  We also found a great spot if you just want to go have a couple of alco-beverages and some chips and salsa.  Salsa tasted fresh which is a +++ in our book.Love that they have Double Bubble in the bathroom and at the register.  That stuff rules -- even if it tastes like wax seconds after you put it in your mouth.
4	I came here with my mom and sister to satisfy a Mexican food craving (and as a consolation prize after a failed attempt to go to Matt's Big Breakfast). I had my doubts about a kind of hole-in-the-wall Mexican-Greek place, but  I was pleasantly surprised. I had the Taco Patio with chicken. Dish was tasty and portion was big, but unreasonably so. Also, I was a fan of the $1.50 margaritas (which I'm sure are made with plastic jug tequila, but it's hard to argue with the price). Chips and salsa were plentiful. I'll be back.
2	I was expecting better... I did a mexican restaurant tour and this was the 3rd in one day... Just looking for a nice mexican food and delicious margarita... well not in this place... The servers WOW they don't even wanted to be there... they looked bored and rushed to take the order... the girl that brought  the tortillas and salsa was very nice... that's all I have to write about this place...
3	This place is filling, tasty and pretty cheap. The service is always super friendly & the drinks are OK. The chips and salsa are kind of dangerous - I always end up snacking on them when I don't want to fill up before my meal!Anyway, recommended for the kind of thing it is, which isn't really my kind of thing, which is why I only gave it 3 stars. Good, hearty mexican.
2	Mi Patio es su Patio. Actually- you can have it. It's not that great. I was attracted to it because of the $1.75 margaritas. Now I know why they are so cheap... where's the alcohol?!I would pay more if I could have alcohol in my margarita. They should really change their sign to $1.75 lemonades. I do have to say that they have really good chips and salsa. The chips where broken and I had to fish around my bowl to find a full chip but when I did, it was perfect with the fresh, spicy salsa. Since I wasn't that hungry, my brother and I decided to just get munchies so we opted for the Supreme Appetizer ($18) which was a giant platter of lettuce, mini chimis, rolled flautas and a machaca salad in the middle. Honestly, I couldn't recognize anything but the flautas. It looked like a salad. The rolled tacos tasted like it was fried in warm oil because it was stale and not crunchy but the meat was good if that counts for anything.I should have went across the street to the 24 hour Mexican food joint.
5	I finally made it to Mi Patio last Friday after working up an appetite checking out First Friday. The service was impeccable- chips and salsa brought out right away and replenished as often as needed. I am a salsa fanatic so I loved the fact that they refilled my salsa without it even being totally empty- thats amazing!!We started with a cheese quesadilla, because whats better than melted cheese on a tortilla? And I tried a margarita on the rocks and really liked the taste of it.  Maybe not the strongest thing, but at least it wasn't loaded with sweet n sour mix. Blech!We had all but decided what to order when we found out the menu had another side to it- so many choices! I went with a combo plate with a chile relleno, cheese enchilada, beef taco and rice n beans. It was a feast! Everything was wonderful, even the rice. I liked that the chile relleno wasn't battered and fried but simply wrapped in a corn tortilla and stuffed with gooey white cheese. JD had the chicken burro because of the reputation it had earned from other Yelpers and he was very happy with his choice. The burrito had moist, flavorful chunks of chicken that tasted incredible.We were also totally impressed with the prices! This place is cheap and doesn't skimp at all on food, salsa or service! I can't wait to come back!
4	The guy working the front desk at the Holiday Inn at which I'm staying recommended this place, and given that it was only about a 10-minute walk and I had a hankering for authentic, nonchain Mexican food, I thought I would give it a whirl.I'm glad I did.It's a structure that looks small on the outside but is fairly large on the inside, at least to my eye. Yet it still gives off a very friendly, cozy vibe, if not an oppressive one. Plastic parrot ornaments, most decorated in colors not seen in real parrots (says this person who is owned by two birds) and parrot paintings serve as the primary decorations. What's not to like?I was worried that the place would be freezing, given the 85-degree heat of the daytime (it had since cooled to about the low 60s), but I needn't have been. It wasn't chilly at all, much to my delight.I was seated promptly in the busy dining room by a man who was busily bopping to and fro. As such, he didn't say much to me and kind of threw the menu down on the table and hustled away. That's one of only two complaints (the other one in a minute): He seated me in a somewhat darkened area of the floor, perhaps not noticing I had a book with me. (Honestly, there was only one other two-top available, adjacent to mine, in the area where he led me, and the lighting wouldn't have been any better over that table, either. It looked as if there were better-lighted tables he could have put me at in the room in the back and to the right, but I wasn't that upset about it, so I let it go.)Other reviewers have mentioned how prompt the busboys are with the refills of chips and salsa and water and soda, and I read them and kind of took them with a large grain of salt. But I was amazed to see it in action; I had barely gotten down to the crumbs in one bowl of chips before the busboy was coming over with a fresh bowl; he plopped that down on the old bowl. The chips were warm and held salt very well. So addictive. A few seconds later, he came by with a plastic Thermos full of salsa and unloaded into my salsa dish, thus topping it off. Sodas and waters were refilled before I even knew they were depleted. On the whole, it's got to be some of the best customer service I've ever experienced.My other complaint: My request to build a custom vegetarian quesadilla--or to remove the mushrooms from the mushroom-zucchini-eggplant enchilada--was denied. It's an odd discordant note on a restaurant that clearly seems to pride itself on doing what the customer wants. (I didn't ask for anything exotic in the custom veggie quesadilla, just broccoli, zucchini, and carrots. The waiter, whom I still tipped 20 percent, said the kitchen didn't have broccoli or carrots. Say what? Whatever. I ordered the mushroom-zucchini-eggplant enchilada, single version as opposed to double version.)The food (there was plenty of it) came out fairly quickly and was hot. Honestly, I couldn't distinguish the mushrooms, so I just ate everything. I was glad I didn't order the double enchilada; I wouldn't have been able to finish the second one.All this for an eye-poppingly low price of $10.88? With free refills on the soft drinks? Are you kidding me? Go. Bring your appetite. You won't leave with it.
5	Family owned....checkTaking care of the regulars...check Strong drinks.....check Fresh foods...check Great service...check Sports on TV...checkInexpensive...check Free drinks...we got em! So I drive by this place all the time but never stopped in until yesterday. My co-workers, who are regulars here, made me go and now I know why they are regulars.  The staff was a blast and put up with our big, loud party and excessive use of our table....what started as lunch turned into a ten hour event.  They took care of us like how you would care for your family (thanks Freddie)!  What an awesome locally owned, customer friendly restaurant with a laid back atmosphere and great food & drinks!
4	My first experience at Mi Patio was several years ago, and I have been recommending it ever since.  This restaurant is just wonderful! Good food, great atmosphere, amazing service! It is not my first pick for mexican food, but it remains a favorite restaurant for me due to the environment and service.
5	This place is old school and definitely ligit. The customer service is extremely awesome, the portions are enormous, and the atmosphere is great. The only complaint I might have is that I sometimes I get different things than what I ordered. I say might because I still haven't eaten anything there that I don't love. They also give everyone a run for their money in the "best salsa in town" department. Also don't mind the free drinks.
5	We were craving chips and salsa so we decided to try this place. The inside is very cute, yet I find it strange that a place named Mi Patio doesn't have a patio? However, right when you walk in you know Mi Patio has to be good by all the regulars hanging out at the bar. We ordered 2 of the $1.75 margarita specials. What a great deal- they are this price every day at every hour. They aren't top shelf but go oh so nicely with chips n salsa. The chips were my favorite thing from the whole meal. They're super fresh and irresistible plus our server kept refilling our bowl so it was hard to say no. I ordered a chicken burro enchilada style with rice and my fiance had a red chili beef chimichanga with beans. Everything was delicious and the staff was very attentive. The portions were huge and the prices are very reasonable (our total was under $22!!)We'll definitely be back! The menu has so many tasty things to try and the chips n salsa combined with the margarita can be addictive!!
5	Mi Patio was a pleasant surprise!  We did not know what to expect but relied on the yelp reviews to dictate dinner.  The staff is extremely friendly and recommended great stuff,  3 of us got the chicken burro and loved it.  another got the Quesadilla and loved it.  The margaritas are not only really good and have a good amount of liquor but the price was ridiculous.  Being from LA Margaritas in my area are 7-10 bucks.  The large here was 3.25!  amazingly good too.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE! After eating, we all said we have to review this place on yelp!  Will definitely go back again.
5	Great customer service and amazing margaritas!Go during happy hour - the staff and other customers are awesome.
3	Probably need to go back and try something else. My experience was a good one, and the service was perfect, but I normally rate on food, and it just wasn't all there for me. We were greeted as soon as we walked through the door, placed at a table where we decided we'd take the bar seats that were open. They had no problems with this, not even a dirty look, that sometimes comes with it. You can definitely tell the staff has some bonds, not sure if it's family or just real good employer employee relationships. Needless to say, I love being lead to believe the workers actually like what their doing. The guy sitting at the bar next to me was obviously a regular, and while we didn't talk much, he was very friendly, and stated that everything was good. The salsa was fresh, mild, but Can we say salt? Still had a good hint of lime that I enjoyed. The bright side of this was the chips needed no extra salt, it came in the salsa. The chips were deelish! Freshly made and perfect. For my meal, which came out so fast,  I chose the Carne Asada.  It was a plate of Carne Asada steaks, rice, beans, lettuce, and some pico.  Everything was real good, but the meat was too salty.  On that note, let me just tell you that I LOVE SALT, like I'm guilty of sprinkling it on my pizza (i know thats so bad), so maybe it was just my taste buds that day!  I washed this all down with an ice cold Tecate Light in a can, yup that's right!  I like cans, I'm just weird like that.  The bartender asked if I wanted a mug, so if you don't like cans, don't worry!My BF had the frybread tostada thingy, I can't remember the name, but it was like an gigantic tostada on top of a fry bread with green chilli beef, lettuce, tons of cheese.  I tasted it and was very happy with it, it was like striped cubed beef, not shreeded.  It was good, we probably should have split it, it was huge.  I'll be back to check some other things out, I'll be sure an update accordingly.
3	Mi Patio, Mi Patio, Mi Patio...where do I begin??  I hope that Fred M's review gets pushed down to the bottom so that I look super original when I agree that the food isn't the best Mexican around, but it isn't terrible.  We'll start with one of my favorite parts of any sit-down Mexican restaurant - the Margs.  They are exactly what you'd expect when paying $3 for a pint glass - they taste like margarita mix.  I would recommend that anyone coming here flask a little Jose to help their beverages Man-Up a little bit.The food was reasonably priced for how much you get.  I ordered the taquitos, which came out in tin foil as normal, softshell tacos - not sure if they mixed up the order or if that's just how they prefer their taquitos, but I'm not a complainer.  The chicken was great and the beans and rice were pretty darn good too. Several of my companions ordered gigantic Chimis which were also really reasonable in price and came with very healthy (not literaly) amounts of guac and sour cream.  Service was great, and I think I'd come back here if I was looking for a step up above the taco shops I so normally find myself in.  Just don't tell the owner about my secret stash of tequila!
4	Not the absolute best Mexican food in the valley (I reserve that for Padre's), BUT it is THE BEST "hole-in-the-wall" Mexican restaurant in town. Good service (crazy fast with the chips and salsa...and they don't short-change you on those!), and some of the best crispy chicken tacos I have ever had: good shredded white meat chicken stuffed inside a soft shell, and lightly fried for that tasty crispiness...all with more shredded cheddar cheese you could ever wish for.  Make sure you get guac, tomatoes, and green onions on top, too!
5	I thank the guy at the Radisson hotel front desk  who directed us to this place. He sends all his outsider guests who are looking for authentic finger licking Mexican food to Mi Patio.You cannot beat the $3 Margarita specials so my friend and I ordered two glasses each. To top it off, our waiter gave us Kamikaze shots on the house. Such a cute kid he was. How beautful is that? While waiting for my  huge-ass veggie burrito, I discovered that  tortilla chips and home made salsa went absolutely well with my margarita! Another good marriage,  I say. Portions are luxurious, surely enough to make you fat. Service was great! (speedy) The next time I am in town, I'm coming back to eat like a Mexican!
5	Stopped in here for lunch on this Wednesday & the place was already really jumping at 11:30.  It has an odd shape to it, & no booths, but I did land a comfortable spot at a table, & the cool, "shady" atmosphere of the place is a nice treat when you come in from the roasting heat outside.Generous servings of (great!) chips & salsa arrived right away, & I ordered a "#97 Combo", which comes with a Chile Relleno, a Cheese Enchilada, & a shredded beef taco, plus refried beans & Spanish Rice.  Pretty soon my order arrived, piping hot & every bite of it was absolutely delicious!  (Top service, too.)This is the same meal I had at Pitic 3 days ago, & the food is excellent there too, so here's why Mi Patio gets an extra star from me:*  The chips & salsa are both better here, I think.*  This meal here had the same items, but there was more of everything.*  This restaurant is nicer, & in a much better area.The price here was about $2 more at $10.65, but would you pay that for one of the best Mexican meals you've ever had in Arizona?  I thought so!  Get over here, because Mi Patio is AWESOME!!    :-))
3	Chips and salsa are awesome! Drink specials are good! Would recommend ad a place to meet friends for drinks with chips and salsa!
2	I would call this place, 'Mi Patio, the Gringo-Mexican Restaurant'. I say that, first off, because of the high ratings this place received - out of the 25+ people eating here there was not one Mexican sitting down for food - not even at the bar. My waiter wasn't even Mexican... He was a white guy. I'm white, too, but I live in San Diego and I'm 20 miles from Mexico, and I eat bomb Mexican food for a hobby.  My Chimichanga was weak (I know its Tex-Mex haha). I was disappointed by the softness, and the lack of anything but shredded meat (the quality of the meat was good) despite my add-ons. My company felt the same about theirs.  I really hate to give this place two stars because the service was soooo GOOD and it's a place with some character. I never had an empty glass of drink or bowl of their 'milder than rice' red salsa. I just can't give it a 3 looking at all these 5s, 'cause that's the story of how I got duped.
5	Mi patio do you keep your servers on a strict diet of beatings, verbal intimidation, and benzedrine?because my server was insanely good-so good that it was suspicious... like this gentleman had his A game on, no effing joke, and i noticed he never said one word to us and never really looked us in the eye in a word: servile.we'd be sitting there and he'd be back with fresh refills of our beverages and a non stop, everlasting supply of chips and salsa the second our portions got vaguely low. once we'd barely touched our chips he'd be back with a brand new batch piping hot and crispy. probably amongst the best service i have ever encountered in my short life.Now as far as the food goes, top knotch! knotch has a silent k right? lets assume it does.the food here is deeee lish us! berry berry nice! and cheap as dirt! i swear mi patio must be running dope on the side their food and drinks are so cheap! how can they afford this!? seriously!?(sheriff joe and your cronies/goons if for some ungodly reason your're reading this the aforementioned comments were complete hyperbole and meant to be taken lightly)Mi patio you are a gem a true gem. great location, great prices, great food, superb service!
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants. The chips and salsa are great and so are the margaritas. The staff is unmatched. If your bowl of chips look even half empty, you can bet there will be a spinning bowl of fresh chips on the table before you even know it. I always order the Baja Spinach & Feta Cheese Chimi, and so should you. They also (somehow) know when you're celebrating. So when you're handed two pink shots you didn't order called Mexican Koo-laid, don't be scarred. Just suck it down and order another margarita.
3	OK Mexican Food, nothing extraordinary.... Chips & Salsa aren't anything special either.... The Chips always seem to come all broken up, & the Salsa is just average.  Not sure why the reviiewers are giving such high marks on the Chips & Salsa?  Sam's Cafe in the Arizona Center at 3rd St & Van Buren,  & Ajo Al's are WAY better!  This place is always noisy!  Might wanna bring earplugs. The service is great!
4	Don't know why I haven't written a review before. I go here quite a bit. I discovered it through a friend who had a coupon. This was 7 years ago. I eat there regularly.  I've never had bad service. It's always quick and efficient. My food arrives hot, sometime molten-lava hot. I do like the margaritas, too. Occassionally I'll try something new off the menu or the special board and it's always good but I end up sad because it isn't two cheese enchilada with red sauce. To me, that red sauce is perfect. I could swim in it.
4	I have been to Mi Patio a couple times in the past, but it has been a few years since then. After seeing so many positive reviews & recs on the place I knew I had to come back & refresh my memory of Mi Patio. My dad & I came here for lunch this past Wednesday around noon. The parking lot was packed, that's always a good sign! I have to agree with Rand H, that the restaurant does have an odd shape to it. We were seated at a table that had a chair on one side & a booth on the other, I sat at the booth spot. Our table was kinda wobbly, definitely needed to stick a book or something under the table leg. Chips & salsa were immediately brought out & soon after came our drink orders. The chips & salsa were pretty damn good & our server was very on top of refills. For our entrees: my dad ordered a bean & cheese burro & I ordered the baja spinach & feta cheese chimi, both came with a side of rice. Dad enjoyed his burro & ate about 3/4 of it, he didn't eat the rice though because he's more of a beans guys & is watching his carbs. I also enjoyed my chimi, very unique flavors, the rice was yummy & I finished it all. I had about half of my chimi left so I took it home to hubby, along with the rest of my dad's burro & his rice. Hubby said chimi was ok, rice was good & burro was his fav. My next visit will for sure be sooner than a few years!
3	I should start by saying that "American Mexican food" is not really my thing...that said, I like a good dive restaurant, and certainly have Mexican favorites.  Mi Patio is not bad, but it's not better than ok.  The service is great and food comes up fast (which is why I am giving it three stars), but I have yet to eat anything that excites me.  The atmosphere is a distraction...the lights are too bright...a little too industrial for my tastes (industrial as in institutional, not industrial as in modern).
4	My son told us about this place and what a wonderful treat this was.  We live in Tucson but go to Phoenix quite frequently because our son lives there so we try new restaurants there as well.  This place has an unusual twist as it is certainly Mexican but with the Greek influence.  My first impression when we walked in was it seemed clean, warm and extremely friendly.  The service was super.  Three people and three bowls of chips and yummy salsa for each of us.  The chips were warm and obviously home made.  The menu is outstanding and interesting choices.  I had the carne asada which had  a hint of lemon and gave it the flavor of a gyro.  My hubby ordered Eggplant enchilladas and he loved it.  Good prices, great service, and best of all cheap Margaritas.  $1.75 all day any time. A little weak but that was OK.  I'll certainly return to try more of the offerings.
4	The hubs and I stopped in here one evening a whim. We were on our way to a show, didn't have much time and it was in the neighborhood.  The parking lot was packed which we figured meant the food had to be tasty. We walked in and the restaurant was full, which left me wondering if we'd get out of there in time (I soon realized I had nothing to worry about).  We were quickly seated and supplied with a warm bowl of nachos and salsa.  Yum!  Off to a good start.  They had a good selection of vegetarian items on the menu which was great but made it was hard to choose.  Our waiter took our order and left us to munch on the tasty chips and salsa while we waited.  Dinner arrived lickety-split and was piping hot (hot plate!).  My spinach enchiladas were so tasty and my husband enjoyed his veggie enchiladas.  With plenty of time to spare, we had some delicious rice pudding for dessert.  The food is great, the service is fast and the prices are right.  We'll definitely be back.
5	Went for lunch with the hubby yesterday and LOVED it.  Finally I have found a Mexian restaurant that I liked and can't wait to go back.  Food was amazingly yummy... I had spinach enchilada with pinto beans and zucchini.  I ate every last bite on my plate.  The free chips and salsa were the bomb also.  My hubby got shredded beef tacos with rice and beans.  He was a happy camper also.Next time we will go for dinner and drink some of those $1.75 margaritas.  How can you beat that?!?!  Seems like a decent place to bring the kids also... inexpensive and the inside is along the lines of a Garcias.When I was at the register paying the bill I saw some Quesapilla's being served.  OMG they looked so fabulous that I will be ordering that next time.
2	Mediocre mexican cuisine..mediocre service..severely watered down cocktails..I would have been happier at a filli b's drive thru..this place definitely did not live up to its hype...authentic mexican cuisine by no means..severely disappointing.
4	Mi Patio Mexican Restaurant is a great place to go for really good south of the border type of food that is really inexpensive.  This place is cheap!! and good :-)Some really great friends of ours got us hooked on Mi Patio quite some time ago.  They are that kind of place that may not get your "frequent dinning" card but you'll remember them after a couple of months go by and go back. Restaurant ~ it's kind of smallish and cozy looking on the outside but they  really have plenty of room on the inside.  The decor is a fun Spanish style with plenty of vibrant colors and textures.  It's not fancy by any means but very fun!Service ~ is fantastic! We've been several times and have had different servers and they are all very friendly, helpful and eager to serve to you.Food ~ chips and salsa are excellente!  We have not had a bad meal here, everything is good!  It probably won't be the best you've ever had but they are very good and extremely consistent.  I prefer their chili relleno or their baja chicken burro or their baja spinach and feta cheese chimi!  On my last visit they combined both baja's into one pollo-spinach-cheesy-delicioso-burro!  Tasty factor times 2!  You can't go wrong with just about anything on their menu.  We try something different on every visit ;-)Beverages ~ Skip the $2.40 soda... and go for the $1.75 margarita's!!  Yeah!! They may not be the best margaritas but where else can you get a pitcher of this tasty beverage for $9?This is a great place to go with friends, have a good time and go el-cheap-o and not feel bad about it.  We are grateful our friends introduced us to Mi Patio Mexican Restaurant!
5	mi patio no tienes el patio? muy confusing! both times i have been here, i ordered the mix fajitas. i am in love with the owner, john. he makes me so so happy!!! when i come in he shouts SAH MAN TAH!!!!! or, actually probably not my name but he is shouting something that makes me feel like we have been best friends forever.  the food is excellento. the salsa is the bomb. our waiter sucked but john makes up for it. i love john. the food is reasonably priced and it's open on sundays! i love mi patio!
5	Wow, thanks to Yelp I would have never stopped into this place.  I never find myself in this area much and would not have gone out of my way unless I read some great reviews on Yelp first.  So I bookmarked it Tuesday and 2 days later here I am.  Man the food was great, I had the number 100 which was recommended by the nice waitress.  It was a red beef tamale, beef taco, cheese enchilada, beans & rice.  My 3 year old son was with me so I got him a chicken taco with rice.  I have to say that the taco was the best i have ever had for authentic Mexican.  It was a homemade taco shell (which is really key) and full of meat, cheese, & lettuce.  Not to mention the hot sauce/salsa was spicy and very flavorful and went perfect on this taco.  I loved the tamale too, it wasn't dry and was packed full of meat, the cheese enchilada had a great red sauce and the cheese over everything was not overwhelming.  The beans were great as well which is an important test if you want to know how good a Mexican food place is...well that and the chips and salsa which were addictive too.  The atmosphere is casual with lots of decorations and pictures, you can tell it has been here a long time but it does not look old and run down.  The service was just awesome which is rare for an authentic Mexican joint, and the owner or manager came over and made my son a dog out of a balloon for him and it kept him busy the whole meal.  Thank you "Mi Patio" and thank you "Yelpers" as well.
5	Who doesn't like cheap drinks and good Mexican food?  It's the perfect combo.  Plus, the portions are large enough that I couldn't finish mine, which is usually not the case.  :-)    Make sure you come here and check it out!
4	Awesome beef tacos! Me and the wife ate their and left for under $20 including tip. Service was so-so but the food made up for it. I definitely recommend checking this place out.I will be coming back!
3	Over the weekend, my girlfriend and I hit up Mi Patio based on the love lavished upon this place in its reviews.  There was a lot to love:The horchata we got was made in a blender and fresh, not that bullshit you get behind the counter from a soft drink fountain and all watery.  This was the real fuckin' deal and it was delicious.  The cinnamon tasted like genuine cinnamon and it was cold and hit your brain where it mattered.My machaca burrito was delicious, as always.  Machaca's never let me down, but almost everything else has been better or worse at most places, for a breakfast meat, it's the best around and will never disappoint you.The chips and salsa they brought it out is always a treat that I enjoy.  The chips?  Eh, whatever, the salsa was the real star of the show and I thought it was tasty; not too spicy, pretty all around solid and I enjoyed the hell out of it before my food arrived.I have to say though, my beans were, if not from a can, pretty damn close to it in taste.  My side of beans just wasn't very good.  Likewise, I tried some of my girlfriend's rice and was similarly "meh" about it.  It wasn't disgusting but if I had the option to not have rice or beans and just have my burrito by itself for a lesser price, I'd do that in a heart beat because the beans and/or rice isn't very good.While my machaca burrito was intensely good, I had a bite of my girlfriend's tacos and they were not rad.  They were rather un-good.  The meat was dry, they were loaded with mounds of cheese and iceberg lettuce which was kind of weird considering the high rating this place gets.  For a place that gets a consistent 4 out of 5 stars, I was expecting a place that didn't have to rely on mounds of shredded cheese to make up for super dry beef.  All in all, the place isn't bad.  It clearly depends on what you order.  The service was absolutely as good as could have been expected.  Like Robert O. said in his review, the dude makes his first couple stops without saying a single word.  It's like a silent agreement is taking place, like those big-brained creatures in the first episode of Star Trek that featured "Captain Pike" and not Kirk.
4	While in phoenix, I felt that I had to try mexican food.  I found myself downtown without a car, so was entirely yelp dependent.  I walked into mi patio and although the ambience had me worried as it seemed like a cheesy american mexican place.They quickly brought me fresh chips and a nice spicy salsa--definitely a good start.  I had trouble deciding on what to order, so I ordered the veggie combo which combined a # of things off the menu.  Although it was on the greasy side, the food was fresh and all very tasty.  I added some hot sauce to some of the dishes as they were a bit on the mild side.  Not the best mexican I have had, but would definitely go back if in the mood for some greasy mexican food.
4	Great food. Always prompt. Service is good. The cheap margaritas are decent for 1.75. I've had tamales on 3 different occasions here and I cant say I have enjoyed any of them. There always ends up being a dry and hard on one end. Not sure what the issue is/was. the last time I had one there they covered it a green chile sauce. I think to rehydrate maybe. But everything else I've had has been excellent. The gyro meat platter thing is a little odd though.
4	My husband is always on the hunt for tasty Mexican food. You can find "fancy" Mexican food all day long in the Valley, but we've yet to find casual Mexican that's not served on a paper plate, and is really good. Well, we found it at Mi Patio. The inside of the restaurant is much better than I expected - it's super cute, absolutely decked out in themed gear, has a vibe, a bar and makes you feel like you're in Mexico. What we really weren't expecting was AMAZING SERVICE. I mean, better than most places in the Valley. Our drinks were never half empty, we had everything we needed and it was quick (without making you feel stressed out or rushed). Then, to top it off, the food was great. We shared the green chili cheese crisp and the "Mi Patio Especial" shredded chicken burro with the white sauce and it was delicious without feeling toooo greasy. We'll be back!
4	Mi Patio is one of our fave spots for drinks as well as Mexican food. Service is fast, friendly and we always have a great time here. It's not fancy but who needs fancy when the food is great! If you want fancy and high prices, go somewhere else.
5	For a mexicana who loves finding authentic mexican food--Mi Patio comes verrrry close to authentic food!! 4 of us each ordered different plates--all were sooo delicious (sorry I can't remember what we ordered...)Cheap but delicious margaritas!!And the service was EXCELLENT!!!
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said?  This place has tremendous food and will not drain your bank account. I tend to not be a big salsa fan, mainly because of the overly chunky salsa, but their salsa is just the consistency for me, and tastes great. Their enchiladas are amongst the best I've had.The thing that gives this place even more of an edge is the service, it has to be seen to believed. Chips and salsa seldom get low before they bring out another bowl of chips, or refill your salsa. The same can be said for their drink refills. There is not a slacker to be found at this place, and even if it is packed, you can be rest assured you'll be treated with efficiency and speed with an energetic team effort.I don't give out 5 stars easily, but this place deserves it. Not sure how "authentic" the food is, but I like to think I know what GOOD food is and this place has that!P.S. Their margaritas may not have top quality ingredients but they are cheap, and tasty!
5	For the price, you can't beat Mi Patio. Grab a pitcher of margaritas with a friend and munch on their amazing chips and salsa while you wait for 2 chicken tacos with rice and beans.
3	This place is ok.  Been here once and just don't understand the great reviews.  It's not terrible.  It's mediocre.I've had their vegetarian burrito, and it was good.  Not great, but good.  I guess I expect a restaurant to be great when the reviews overall are above a 4.  It makes me wonder what I'm missing.My husband had their chicken taco and didn't like it because the chicken was in breaded nuggets/strips.  I doubt anyone expects a chicken taco to have breaded chicken it.  He sure didn't, and he really didn't like it.  His tastebuds are pretty easy to please when it comes to basic stuff like this, and he didn't even like it.I also had the Caribbean Martini and it was great.  The ONLY downside to it was that it wasn't filled to the top.  It literally was filled a full inch from the top. No exaggeration.  Since it was happy hour and cheap (I think it cost around $2), I didn't complain.  It tasted great, though!I think the key thing this place has going for it is its central location.  It's easy to get to, and has a big parking lot.  If you want really good Mexican go to Los Dos Molinos (not super vegetarian friendly, but a few options -- meat eaters and lovers of spice will especially like it here).  If it's just tacos you're after, go to Two Hippies, and if you really want to mix (or confuse) your palate in a fun way, head over to Chino Bandito for a Mexican/Asian combined menu.
4	Me gusta Mi Patio! I had the chicken chimichanga and it was fantastic. I didn't know what to expect because I never had a chimi before but as soon as the delectable delight landed on the table I knew that I was in for a treat!One suggestion I have for the owners is that they should make a contest for guests to try to guess how many bird placards and statues that they have in their restaurant. Seriously, if you visit take a look around...they're everywhere lol.
5	HUGE fan of the chicken enchiladas! This is my "go to" Mexican place when I have out-of-town guests. Service is super fast, they kicked me down some rice pudding dessert thing last time I was there, and everyone is very friendly...what's not to like? Plus, it just has that kind of Mexican food taste that makes whatever you ordered taste good if you reheat it the next morning...can't explain it exactly, I just know it when I have it...:)
3	Mi Patio is a solid 3 star restaurant. Some days the food tastes better than others. And some days the entertainment value is better than others. But it's not a chain, it's within walking distance and has very affordable margaritas.There's no bike rack (ugh) and the taquitos are basically a carne asada taco with no toppings (which I happen to like).
5	For what this place is I loved it!  It's a small privately owned mexican restaurant.  The owner was there.  The staff is SUPER nice and quick.  They even have a guy dedicated to pouring out delicious salsa!  The food was great and I couldn't finish it.  I like the loud ambiance, and the maragritas are cheap and yummy!  will go back!  Everyone seem to order the taco salads.  I loved my machaca chix burrito..  Small, friendly, quaint, quick, reasonably priced and yummy!
4	Mmmmmmmmmm. So many good things to say about this place. The staff is friendly and extremely attentive, the ambiance is relaxed, the menu offers plenty of choices, the portions are filling, and the price is just right. The only thing I dislike about Mi Patio is that the cups they use for the Margaritas are so deceiving! You THINK you are getting a lot, but in actually the cups don't hold a whole lot. Guess I can't complain too much about a $1.75 cold Margarita, though! This place is great for Happy Hour or a quick lunch. If it wasn't 2 in the morning I'd run there right now for chips and salsa and some tasty shredded beef tacos.
5	Best chips anywhere, great decor, prime corner location, and no one else has their specialties. XLNT!
4	This place looked pretty shady walking up, not the best neighborhood. I had faith though because there was allot of positive reviews on yelp. Mi patio did not disappoint they gave my party of three two bowls of chips and everyone their own salsa, then when we were almost out of salsa a refill lady came by, I've never seen this before at a Mexican restaurant but I think they should all do it. That being said I didn't really need a refill on one just for me, but my sister did. I had their carne asada burrito and it was very good, the meat was flavorful and tasty. The vegetables inside were good and it was an all around good meal. The next time I'm in Phoenix I'll make a point of going back.
5	We've lived right down the street from this restaurant for 2 years before we checked it out on Yelp and realized that we were definitely missing out on some great Mexican food!!As soon as you walk in, you are seated quickly and they bring you some of the best chips and salsa that I've ever had in my life. And then they bring you refills of chips and salsa until you finally think that maybe you should stop and save some room for your actual meal.So then when your food does get there, the first thing you'll think is "Holy crap that is a lot of food!" But it is AMAZING. I have only ever had the carne asada burro, but I don't think I'll ever get anything else from here. It is a pillow-sized burro stuffed with chunks of steak, cheese and roasted bell peppers, onions and tomatoes. SO GOOD!! My husband has had a few of the other things and he swears that it is some of the best Mexican food that he's ever had, too. The $1.75 margaritas are not bad, and they compliment the food really well. My whole meal was about $10, and I still had half of it leftover to take home!Besides the food, the service here is impeccable. The waiters are all very attentive to what you need and they are very polite and FAST!
5	$1.75 margaritas all day every day.  That's the hook. That's what drew us in (along with some really good yelp reviews).  The food! That's what keeps us coming back! We drove by this place a million times and always said "someday". That day finally came. And now we crave it all the time!Punctual servers, friendly staff, the endless supply of chips and delicious house made salsa that flow like water... That's just the start!My wife loves Carne Asada, and in my opinion, Mi Patio's is better than all the joints that claim "Phoenix's best"! Not to mention the burro is the size of a small pillow and served with your choice of rice or beans!I got the Red Chile beef burro on our last visit, and was feelin kind of wild so I upgraded to "enchilada" style... I wish that I hadn't bc the red chile sauce was incredible just on its own!! The best part is: I want to try something different every time I go here to eat! EVERYTHING looks amazing and Mi Patio hasn't let me down yet!
5	Great service and wonderful food.
3	I went here primarily based on the great reviews it was getting on Yelp. Honestly, I wasn't that impressed. The food was good, but it wasn't great. i've definitely had better Mexican food. None of their combo plates had a chimichanga, which was a disappointment for my partner. My combo plate was smothered in sauce and cheese so everything pretty much tasted the same. The enchilada was ok, but nothing spectacular. The shredded beef taco was pretty good. The chile relleno... not so much. The batter was so eggy it was like they made an omelette and wrapped it around the chile. There was more egg/batter than chile, which is unfortunate. The homemade horchata was the best part of the meal. It was almost like a horchata slushie. We went for a date night in the middle of the week, and the one comment my partner made as we were getting ready to leave was "Next time, we go somewhere quiet for date night." Blah. I may go back, I may not. It's not someplace I'm itching to go back to, but if I were in the area I wouldn't be opposed to going. Either the people who gave this place rave reviews have never had REALLY good Mexican food, or they're just really easy to please.
2	good margaritas, mediocre food.  came here cause rositas (mcdowell/24st) was closed.  the chicken in my chimichanga was dry, rice was hard and the beans were from a can.  charged extra (2.45) for a tiny scoop of rice because the plate only comes with either or (what?).  one step above taco bell.  gf asked for a single tamale and dude said it would be $5
4	GREAT Mexican joint! I always get the Baja Chicken Burro. Mmm!
1	Bad food. Bad service. Cold food  is a big no no to this place
5	Excellent food!  Chips and salsa rock.  The chicken tacos and carnitas are my favorite.  For lunch they have roast chicken that is very good and reasonably healthy.  I have eaten here for over twenty years and have never been disappointed.
4	Sure, I'll pretend that the main reason I come here is the food and not the super cheap margaritas. It was the... uhh... food that is really good even if I don't remember what I ate. I think there were some fish tacos that were pretty tasty. Okay fine, I go for the margaritas- they are big, cheap and tasty.
4	I really like Mi Patio. I wish it were closer to my house!They have a good and unique vegetarian selection. You aren't limited to bean and cheese burritos, chili rellenos, and cheese enchiladas. They have a feta spinach chimichanga I have been dying to try.Both times I went their I had this enormous combo with a cheese enchilada, chili relleno, and bean tostada. A LOT of food! But really, really good.My husband had their fish tacos which he loved.Fresh hot chips and zippy salsa.Great drink specials too. Really cheap margaritas and beer. Their margaritas aren't the greatest or strongest but you can't complain for the price.
4	If you love your "Mexican" food overflowing with cheese and sour cream then this is the place for you. The service was quite possibly the best that I have ever had and the food came out promptly and was delicious. The dining room is a throwback to 2001 with Dbacks championship memorabilia taking up most of the space. Eat here, just not too often or you'll get really fat.
3	Oh Mi Patio! I do have to say that this place is really hit or miss.  I cannot really give it anything about a 3 because I have been to places that have better food and just an all around better feel.  Mi Patio isnt bad by all means but it is just ok!I had the tamale plate, which came with a red chile tamale, rice and beans.  The beans were great!  The rice was little to be desired, very hard and had no real flavor to it.  The tamale wasnt bad.  The flavor was good but the bulk of it as masa.  I like a tamale with a lot of meat inside and the tamale was about 5% meat and 95% masa!The guest I took liked their plates so all in all it was a good experience.  I received a lot more recommendation for mexican food that I am going to try!  As of now I am on a mission to find an authentic, good mexican restaurant in Phoenix...Yelp does it exist?
5	Food is delicious! And the service is AWESOME!  We thought we'd never get a table....Friday night, the parking lot was packed, but we got right in and chips were on the table immediately! The cups were never empty and the chips were always full! Hard to find service that good!!
4	Stopped in for lunch today, it was fantastic!  I had the spinach and feta chimi because as a vegetarian I don't find a lot of meat free chimis out there.  This alone will bring me back to this place!  I am also anxious to try their other veg options.  Service was friendly and quick, price was great.  We had 3 entries and a kids meal for about $40 before tip. Salsa is fantastic, but if you don't like a little zip or are sensitive to spice you might want to skip it.  I loved it though.
3	Add me to the chorus of people who do not understand the effusive praise this place receives from the majority of Yelp reviewers.I've been here twice. Both times, the food was solid, but nothing special. I tried the flautas the first time, and a combo plate with chile relleno, cheese enchilada, and beef taco on the second visit. They do give you a lot of food absolutely smothered in cheese, and the prices are moderate. (Doubtful you're getting out of here for under $10/person after tax and tip.) The margaritas are $1.75, but of course very small and full of ice...I wouldn't expect anything different at that price. The horchata is delicious and made with real milk.So the food is okay, maybe slightly above average. The service seems to be hit-or-miss. The first time I went, I sat at the bar and the service was great and friendly. The second time, however, I brought my girlfriend and we sat at a table. The server couldn't have been much more rude - he was extremely short with us. He basically acted like we were wasting his time and was not friendly at all. The younger guys did come around and keep our chips and salsa well-stocked, but it couldn't make up for the attitude we got from the server in my mind. Maybe he was just having a bad day, but you shouldn't take that out on your customers in any circumstance.Average food and hit-or-miss service makes Mi Patio a 3-star locale...I really can't imagine rating them any higher.
1	I ordered a bean and cheese burrito with sour cream on the side. The bean and cheese burrito was just as good as a Mission tortilla filled with Rosarita refried beans. The chips and salsa were okay. It boggles my mind that so many people love this restaurant when there are better options in the area such as La Condesa, Gallo Blanco, or Macayo's. You couldn't pay me to eat here again.
4	YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM.Friends in town from Ohio! What better visitor friendly Mexican place could you POSSIBLY take visitors from the midwest? MI PATIO!!!!  Extensive menu, bursting with flavor, and chock-full-of-choices in the realm of Mexican comfort food. Reasonable prices, super friendly and quick service, and $1.75 MARGARITAS. ZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Love the location, the vibe, and the classic Mexigrub restaraunt decor!!!Finally the SALSA is killer!
4	Fresh tacos on a fall day in Phoenix. Setting up a wedding at The Fetch House in the historic district, everyone was getting hungry, where to go for good food and not drive across town.Take out tacos from Mi Patio. I  arrived at the restaurant Sat 12:30, ordered 20 beef tacos and 1 veggie taco to go. The tacos come with homemade crispy chips and tasty salsa. Each taco was filled with lots of beef, no skimping on the cheese either. The veggie taco had pinto beans, slices of avocado, lettuce topped with plenty of freshly grated cheese. They did not skimp on the avocado. Delicious! I was feeding 6 very hungry staff members and myself, they would not be disappointed.My order was completed within 12 minutes! The tacos were packaged in a large aluminum container to keep them upright, hot and easy to transport. The veggie taco was in a separate container. Thank you!The huge bag of fresh, hot and crisp chips was included, I could not stop eating them on the drive back to the event. The salsa was mild, perfect when serving to a variety of people. Everyone was happy when I arrived with the large container filled with freshly made tacos, crispy chips and lots of salsa from Mi Patio. I will be back, again and again.
4	First time! After asking some fellow YELPERS where do i go.. they didnt point me in the wrong direction! the place is small. but i like that. makes me feel like its a mom and pop place.. but then again it is. The service was great even though they were busy ( i went at lunch ) they were quick getting the food to the table and it was piping hot! the chips and salsa were really good.  I ordered the Baja Chicken Burro! and it was GOOOOOD!
5	Great little inexpensive sit down place with yummy food.  The salsa is fantastic, good service, great margaritas at an even better price.  The spinach feta chimi with baja sauce was awesome!!!  We loved Mi Patio!
4	Stopped in here for lunch based on the reviews... and based on the sign that said they have $1.75 margaritas all day every day (don't judge, I had had a rough day).Was greeted as soon as I walked in, and a server showed me to a table right away and took my drink order ($1.75 margarita please).The margarita came quickly and it did not lack booze.I ordered off their "Specials" menu and got the Baja Chicken Burro, and asked for beans instead of rice (no problem with the request).While waiting for the food, I couldn't help eating a bowl and a half of their salsa.  Mmmmmm, mmmmm, good.  I told myself 2 or 3 times that it would be my last chip, but I kept going each time because the salsa was just damn good.The food came out soon after - big portion, and all very tasty (although I have to admit, the chicken itself was a little bland, but the cream cheese sauce and loads of salsa was a saving grace).I'm pretty sure I licked the beans off the plate... don't judge.  Did I mention I had had a rough day??Although the chicken didn't impress, everything else I had did, so this place is a winner in my book.  How could you not love a place with $1.75 margaritas?
3	Ditto the others that say its ok.  Not bad, not great.  Service seemed abrupt and unfriendly.  Host threw the menus on the table when he seated us.  If you'their the area and hungry - ok maybe.  But don't go out of your way to get here.
4	Damn you, Mi Patio, for being so far away! Hubby and I tried this place because we had a restaurant.com certificate (and because Loco Patron in Ahwatukee doesn't accept the certificates anymore - super lame), and because of the reviews here. Yes, the guy who takes you to your table doesn't say a word and just throws the menus down, but who cares?! The fabulous food makes up for it! We started out with the Red Chile & Cheese dip, and wow, it was sooo tasty! Oh, and I can't forget the delicious salsa! My hubs is a salsa fanatic and loved it. Then came our entrees: Baja Chicken Burro for me and the #97 (Chile Relleno, Cheese Enchilada, Beef Taco, Rice & Beans) for hubs. Everything was so flavorful that I think I moaned with pleasure a few times while eating. I definitely can't wait to go back!!
4	Yet another awesome visit to Mi Patio! Hubby got the same dish as last time, and I tried the chicken chimi this time. Tasty stuff! I also got the fried ice cream, and while I was surprised at how small it was for the price ($4.25), it was good. And ya can't beat those $1.75 margaritas! :)
5	Absolutely LOVE this place!  Chips and salsa - awesome.  Beans - awesome.  Wait staff - awesome.  From Denver and will definitely return when we are back in Phoenix.  A table of  four adults and NO ONE was disappointed.  So full we couldn't eat dinner.
5	Still love it! Finally decided to try something new, and just had to chime in about it...it was the pork burrito on the specials board. Pork was a little bit sweet, lots of flavor, and just plain delicious...And still fast service...love it!
5	Everybody Knows Your Name!I used to go to Mi Patio when I worked nearby in the 90s and LOVED it then. When I returned to work in the area again five years ago, imagine my surprise when I walked in and they REMEMBERED ME BY NAME! It was like coming home to family! The food is every bit as good as it ever was, they service super friendly, the salsa is the bomb, and they are extremely accommodating with changes to items if you need alterations or with making suggestions if you just can't decide. And be sure to always check the chalkboard menu when you walk in - it's always go interesting things you won't find on the menu! Elio and Tammy have been there forever & have great suggestions. The owner, Johnny, is great with kids... if you go in with the kids on Friday, he'll make balloon animals and bring free rice pudding! It's great for happy hour, date night or family dining. My go-to place in the area!!!
4	1.75 for small margaritas and 3.25 for large margaritas...you can't go wrong with that! i'm vegan so i didn't attempt to find out what food was vegan, i was just there for the cheap margaritas. they were good and i had a few. chips were good. good times here!
4	Stopped by early this evening for dinner.  It was only a little after 5:00 p.m. and the place was packed.  We were greeted warmly and walked to a table.  Such cute decor inside.  The LARGE Margarita's were just that . . . LARGE!  And the chips and salsa were great.  Our combo plates were LARGE!  In a nutshell, this place is great!  We had the tacos and enchiladas, beans and rice (I'm stuffed).  I'd go back for sure.  I saw a guy having the shrimp cocktail and it looked so good.  Try this place . . . you won't be disappointed.
4	Good food great service great price its a must restaurant if in the area
4	Living just a half mile away for the past few years, I really had no excuse to avoiding Mi Patio for so long. I tend to stay away from any place that chips are considered a course in your meal and deep fried is a cooking method. While I still stick to this mothodology, its nice to break pace every few weeks to keep your sanity. I mean, you cant live on veggies for too long without getting a craving for something tasty, meaty, and full of carbs.Mi Patio was just the spot. We ordered a spinach and cheese chimi and a couple orders of their tacos; chicken and beef. After filling up on chips and chowing down the great tasting tacos, we couldn't even begin to eat the chimi. While my expectations for a next day chimichanga wasn't so high up there, it was actually still good the next day. I imagine that it would have been all the better had I eaten it fresh from the kitchen. Maybe next time ill go light on the chips. Ive heard their $1.75 margaritas a decent; however, I cannot personally attest to this. At $1.75 it can't hurt to give it a try though. Either way you slice it, Mi Patio is a solid choice for your Mexican delights.
2	Friendly staff but food is simply mediocre. Won't be recommending it.
5	I really, really love this place.  I have been eating and drinking it up here for years!  No matter how long it's been since my last visit, they always remember me and that is a huge plus.The food is always tasty, and the margaritas flow without end.  I used to eat the Baja Chicken Burrito or something with carne asada.  Now, I am pleased to say that I am able to easily munch on tasty food sans meat/cheese.  They have vegetarian burritos, a spinach/cream sauce enchilada dish, and more for the veg heads.  The chips and salsa is effing delicious!  I can't tell you how many times I have had really mediocre salsa at other Mexican food restaurants.  Not here!! It's fresh and they never let our chip bowl or salsa go empty.The food is great, the prices are super and the customer service is unbeatable!  There's no reason not to eat here:)Gracias, dudes!
5	The food was excellent. Salsa is great and portions will not let you down. The owners and employees are very friendly.
5	Drove past for years, ate there first time last week. Delicious. High quality. I'll definitely be back!
4	Mi Patio is a great place for a quick meal or happy hour with your friends.Inexpensive, quick, consistent.You can't go wrong with a meal here.
4	We found this place on Yelp when looking for some cheap Mexican food in the downtown area.This is definitely the super cheesy Mexican food variety which is not generally my favorite, but I'll make this spot an exception because it's really good and really well run.The service was so so so so so friendly. We were seated promptly and had our drink orders taken right away. Two of us went for the $1.75 margaritas. They weren't some amazing cocktail, but they were worth the price for sure. At the end of our meal we all got free shots. Is that something they always do? I have no idea, but the shots were also delicious.I tried out the "Healthy" burrito. I'm sure it really isn't healthy but the Picado filling was amazing. Check it out.I can't remember what the rest of my dining party got but nobody was sad with what they ordered.Overall a tasty, pretty quick and super friendly dining experience.
4	You know how you wake up some mornings dieing for a good Chile Relleno?  Ok, well I did, ok?     :-)SOOO, I jumped in the car & whipped right up the street here from my place, knowing that they would hook me up, & they did.  Let's get a couple of little negatives out of the way first:*  There are no booths here, & instead I had a wobbly little table.*  They gave me a generous bowl of chips, but many of them were broken up into little pieces.*  Lunch was a little pricey here, as my #97 Combo was $11.35.Ok, on to the GOOD!     :-)*  The service was friendly & attentive.*  The taste of both the chips & the salsa were great!*  My order included a big Pablano Chile Relleno, a big cheese enchilada & a big shredded beef taco.  They DO feed you at this place!*  The flavor of everything was excellent, including the Spanish Rice & the Refried Beans.There's a TV, but it was turned all the way down (Yay!), & overall this was a fun, satisfying lunch outing!     :-))
5	I have been in Phoenix, AZ for a short time now and I must say that the best place I have eaten at is Mi Patio Mexican Restaurant.  Yes, the food is above and beyond what I expected.  Not only is the food worth your time but so is the service.   Fantastic people, fantastic food, go have a fantastic time!
4	This place is not going to win any Michelin stars or James Beard awards, however if you're looking for fast, cheap, and good sized portions Mi Patio hit's the spot. The service is always excellent too.I like the free chips and the salsa is always fresh and excellent.Shredded beef tacos are HUGE and tasty.During the day every beer is $3 but they ALWAYS have $3 Tecate beers 24/7 and they always give you a free shot of some tequila concoction. BOTTOM LINE: I'm a regular but don't tell anyone ;)
4	Great food, wonderful service, fair prices. Always hot fresh chips and delicious salsa waiting for you. Drinks are always refilled. Attentive staff. What could be better? I love the decor, but my kitchen is also decorated with the chili peppers. :) I've eaten here 3 times now, each time has completely satisfied my tummy, taste buds and my dislike for bad service. This means, I will keep going back and bring new people to try it out!!
4	Like most Phoenicians, I love Mexican food! That being said, there are many places to choose from when you want to get a quick fix of chips, salsa and a margarita... But if you want delicious, quality food for a reasonable price, look no further than Mi Patio!Located, literally, on the corner of 7th Avenue & Osborn this Mexican restaurant has great salsa, which I believe is very important to any chips & salsa lover. Whether you want a mild Pico de Gallo or a more spicy salsa, they have both!My boyfriend & I dine here frequently. We both get two shredded beef tacos- They consistently have generous portions of beef, lettuce and cheese that will fill you right up. I always order mine with a side of guacamole and it is a perfect addition to my order.Although some may argue that the decor is somewhat cheesy, I like it. The restaurant appears fun & that is exactly what I am looking for in a Mexican restaurant. Also, every staff member I have interacted with is extremely friendly & helpful! They are always attentive when it comes to refilling our chip bowl, salsa & drinks.Overall, if you are looking for both, quality AND quantity Mexican food- Give Mi Patio a try! You will be glad you did!!
4	While I am not the biggest Mexican food fan on the block I have always enjoyed eating here. They have this whole Greek/Mexican marriage thing going on-lol. What I really like are the chips and salsa. Interestingly enough their Veggie Burro is kicking!
5	This is my favorite Mexican food place in Phoenix, I wish I lived closer! There aren't many places to choose from for a vegetarian, but Mi Patio has many options and I really appreciate that!! They have an AWESOME vegetable enchilada. Their salsas are really good and to top it off, their prices are great! This is definitely a friendly, local business that I take all of my out of state visitors who of course always want Mexican food as soon as they get here :)
4	Fast service...decent food. Reasonable prices.
5	Reasonably priced, excellent, fresh food, and excellent, speedy service. What more could you ask for?  I had one of the combo meals (#100), which came with a cheese enchilada, beef tamale, and a beef taco (I substituted a chicken taco), rice, and beans.  All of the food was amazing, but my favorite was the tamale.  The cornmeal/masa was amazing and soft and just delicious.  I highly recommend this place!
3	A downgrade in rating is needed here. I've eaten here several times since my initial review and while the service has remained very good, the quality of the food seems to have declined. The portions are still generous, but the rice is dry and the entrees are often not seasoned properly - they come out too salty or tasteless. And I wish the margaritas had some alcohol; if there's any, it's almost undetectable - so no wonder they are inexpensive. Service,  4 stars; food, 2 stars; so, 3 stars for the average ... and average is probably the best term to use for this place right now.
4	Amazing thin chips in an endless bowl! Fast service with a very wide variety of delicious food options. Can't wait to come back.
4	Small place but good food and decent service. First batch of chips were burnt but once we said something they brought us new.  Have gone a couple of times and am usually never disappointed.
4	I went to Mi Patio the other night for the first time with the BF. The place is a cute little restaurant that is pretty unassuming from the outside. The salsa is spicy and fairly tasty. The service was attentive. I had the 'healthy' burro and it was very good...grilled fajita chicken and veggies. It also helped that I stole some guac from the BF's chimi...the guac added exactly what this burro needed. I would go back.
4	I have been going to Mi Patio for 20-some years, so it holds a special place in my belly.  The salsa is some of the best around, but my secret trick is it mix it with some of their red hot sauce (you have to ask for it!) to give it that extra punch! I could eat their chips and salsas as a whole meal.For being a more traditional Mexican joint, Mi Patio has fantastic vegetarian options (but beware of the rice!) and some quirky Greek food thrown in. The price to portion ratio is very fair and $9 will get me enough food for 2 meals. The service here is VERY quick - you can be and out in 45 minutes.
4	Love the chips and salsa.  Have been a fan of this place for eons.  But sure wish our server would have told us about the specials.  Mahi Tacos...my favorite.  Didn't see it until we were walking out the door.
5	I have been coming here for as long as I can remember. First of all, I do NOT come here for the service. Sometimes the service is OK, but not usually stellar. I just come here for the food. And oh LORD the food. I'm a big refried bean person-- if the place has bad beans its a deal breaker. They have the best beans. Great chimi's too. The chimi's are the perfect texture of crisp- almost as though they were not deep fried but torched with a blow torch or something. The chips and salsa are the best I have ever had, I mainly come for them. Great Sonora Mex food. One of my favorite places in the valley. Have some low expectations for service unless the owner is there, in which case, he'll make you want to come back every day (if the chips and salsa don't do it for him).
4	I ordered takeout from here because of a Livingsocial deal. the online ordering process was really simple and easy. the food was a good value for the price (even without the deal). we ordered the carne asada plate and the chicken taco combo. it was a ton of food for two people! come here if you want tex-mex style food - meaning LOTS of cheese on their rice and beans, good guac, and great salsa
5	I was craving chips and salsa one day, so I checked out some reviews and came across this place. My boyfriend and I went around 6pm or so. We were seated immediately and brought our drinks. The service was great, we were given our chips and salsa to start munching on while we looked over our menus. One bowl of chips and two servings of salsa were placed on the table and we began chowing down. Chips were fairly warm and salsa was delicious. Just a little bit of spice to give it a kick, but nothing too hot at all so probably great for many palates. :) Our chips and salsa bowls were refilled before they were even half empty and same goes for our drinks. The servers definitely keep up on refills here. We both ended up ordering the same thing: sour cream chicken tacos. We each ordered two. The tacos didn't quite look as appetizing as they actually were so I wasn't expecting it to be nearly as delicious as it was. The shells have quite a crunch to them unless you let it set for awhile to soften up. I personally loved the crunch they had. The serving of sour cream served in a side dish with each plate was HUGE. I definitely didn't expect that big of a serving of sour cream either. Lots of nice surprises. So after throwing a bunch of sour cream on my tacos and adding some salsa to give it a little more moisture and spice, I devoured those tacos like it was my last meal. Our bill ended up being around $17 for our 4 tacos total with only 1 soda (I had water), and we left with full bellies. The tacos didn't look like they'd fill me up as much as they actually did, but once I started eating, they seemed to get bigger. :P I was pretty hungry by the time we arrived, so we went through about 2 bowls of chips and about 5 servings of salsa between the two of us before we actually started on our meals. So, basically we both loved everything about our experience. The chips and salsa, sour cream chicken tacos, and amazing service gets 5 stars from me! I will definitely be back!
4	Pretty good food.  Mexican is hit or miss in this town: it is either great or gross.I would go back.  It is close to downtown, the servers were friendly and efficient.  The restaurant was very clean and super busy at lunch time, but we got in and out pretty quickly.The food was great quality, tasted really fresh and delicious.
4	Please don't be alarmed at my four stars there is nothing wrong with this place. But you have to be damn good to get a five from me.This place is a hidden gem, I say this because either you know of it or you don't. I brung some friends here and they were sold. I love this place even though I am not really a fan of Mexican food. I'm sure it was said before: the chips and salsa are NEVER ENDING!!!!!!!!!!! They keep your glass filled. The food doesn't take long to come out but by the the time DOES come out your pretty much full of chips and sody. (LOL) The food size of a HUGE portion I never finish my whole meal here. Not hing I have ever had here was nasty. This place is pretty cozy, so if your not a fan of small spots this place isn't for you. The servers? Are INCREDIBLE. OMG I can rave about this place all day but if your reading this review and you haven't been? TAKE THAT TRIP. You will be happy you did.
4	I've been coming to Mi Patio for about a decade and I've never not enjoyed it! The salsa is always fresh and delicious and the staff is really friendly. I love the loud colors and how lively it always feels in there. The food is great but I always leave feeling like I'm in a food coma.
3	I am going to have to say, I just do not know what all the fuss is about with this place.I have been here a few times or more over many years.The service is good however, The food is just not that fabulous!I think that they think if they get people to drink a lot,with their cheap Margaritas they will not notice the bland tatse. I have given it many trys but, I just cannot do better than a 3 star for them. They are a good location right on the corner, and they always seem to be busy. They have been there for as long as I can remember as well.Just not loving the food here.
4	Ask for tha Anitas special tacos. OMG can you say "Street tacos"!
2	back in phoenix and back to mi patio. this time i asked about the refried beans, they are vegan, no lard. had a tostada. it was good but nothing special. margaritas were still cheap and pretty good but nothing excellent about this restaurant.
4	Family owned, great staff, quick service, endless/delicious chips and salsa, cheap margaritas all makes for a favorite local Phoenix joint. Love this place a ton and always make a stop when I am home from NYC. Fairly priced, a ton of food, and good ambiance. There are randomly a ton of fake birds all over the place and they put far too much cheese on everything, but this place is great.
5	All I can say is great service and the best chimi's in town.
5	Wow! I'll keep it simple. This small homey Mexican restaurant has the best service I have ever experienced. The best mexican food ever! Everything is made from scratch, the flavors burst in your mouth and everything comes out piping hot! Order the Baja chicken burrito or the patio chimi!The salsa is amazing, ask for the hot stuff....so good! Order the maragarita or ice cold can of tecate!Oh and every time I have been out waiter brings us a complimentary shot from the bar! Take your friends and family here, you'll never go anywhere else.
5	I've always had a great experience here from the food to the service to the decor - colorful parrots everywhere! Cheap margaritas that do the trick served in real glasses and huge portion sizes. My favorites are the chili relleno and the combo plates.  Also, the salsa is really good.  Grab a group of friends and enjoy!
4	Great place for some good Mexican food! Always busy, always fast and consistently good food.  Portions are big and prices are decent. Only thing I have had there that I didn't like was the beef taco. However, my boyfriend liked them. We frequent this place for some quick and good tex-mex.
5	try the veggie burro or the shrimp fajitas and good service too
5	What does 5 stars really mean?  To me, it is based on the individual restaurant providing great food, over-the-top-service, ambiance, cleanliness, fair prices and portions for the TYPE of restaurant that it is.  I feel that some people here are missing the boat with their reviews, as they will RAVE about the restaurant, food and service, but then only give it 3 stars!  How completely unfair!   So, in my reviews, this means that I could give a FANTASTIC McDonald's a 5 star rating if they DESERVED it, but I wouldn't give them 2 stars because of comparing them to a gourmet burger shop!  They are who they are, and if they do it well, they deserve the best praise.  With this thought in mind, ANY restaurant, no matter how simple or elaborate, has the same fair opportunity to earn 5 stars from me, if they deserved it.  If you understand what I'm saying then here goes my review....Mi Patio is a mid to low price point Mexican restaurant.  Most things on dinner menu were around $7.00 - $8.00.  The atmosphere is simple and not intended for a "night out on the town".  My ex-husband and I went there tonight.  We had two large entrees, two large size margaritas and the bill was $5.00 after our $20.00 Groupon was applied. The service was top-notch, fast and efficient.  Our waiter explained the specials in a way that enticed me to order one.  The bus-boy refilled our salsa and chips at the perfect moment without being asked.  Our food was served hot and in large portions.  In the middle of the meal, our waiter presented us with two shot glasses full of a "surprise" on-the-house-special drink that was very tasty.  When we approached the register to pay after the meal, the gentleman was very friendly about taking our Groupon and he had a genuine spirit of appreciation for us coming into the restaurant, leading me to believe he may have been the owner.    Although this was not a 5-star meal, this place certainly DESERVES 5 stars.
4	The last time I was at Mi Patio had to have been at least 7 years ago.  I had not returned not because of bad food or bad service, I had simply too many things going on.  So after a long time away, I visited a few days ago and NOTHING has changed.  It is still the yummy food that I remembered.  It is small but cozy.  The staff is friendly and eager to help.  The food is very good and it does not take long for the food to arrive.  Heads up, the chips and salsa are addicting.
1	My partner and I went for an early dinner.  We were inspired by reviews on Yelp and Echo Magazine.  When we entered we got escorted by the Host to a table for two and supplied with menus.  He was not welcoming or talkative, just doing his job.  Shortly after, came the waiter, who was hostile and obnoxious,  to take our drink orders.  He made no eye contact and seemed impatient to get our order over and done.  The girl server who brought us our drinks and the chips with salsa was the only kindness that we were shown throughout our short visit.  There was also a screeching child making the atmosphere even more unbearable. The chips and salsa were underwhelming and my Sprite tasted like it was dunked in toilet water.  I would have reviewed the food but the waiter never returned to take our order so we decided to pay for our drinks and go.  No one stopped us to ask why.  They just didn't care.  I don't know if their food was good or not but we know when we are not welcome.  It was one of the worst experiences we've had in Phoenix.....Manuel P.
4	I was introduced to Mi Patio by a friend of mine who knows her mexican food spots - every one she's introduced me to has been phenomenal.  If you want a cheap meal that will leave you satisfied - go to Mi Patio.  It's easy to get to.  The food is good. The service is friendly.  They refill your water glass without asking.  The food comes out so fast you almost think they read your mind and started making it the second you walk in the door.  And there's a mountain of food for a teeny-tiny bill.  The decor is fun to look at too.  (Which is another thing I love about Mexican restaurants - the colorful decor.)
5	Started with awesome chips and salsa. Then came the Carne Asada burrito and it was delicious. I was happy it came with some thing other than rice and beans. The owner new my Dad on the spot even know he had only been there twice.  Best of all the prices are great.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed the food- they serve large portions and mine was very good. I ate a combination plate of chile relleno, enchilada, and tostada there. The only thing bad about the food was they served it when it was still way too hot to eat. Although they got me the food fast, I would have preferred if they had let it cool down slightly before bringing it to the table. I also had some of their margaritas. I really can't complain because the price is so good. I've had better margaritas, but for under $2, that's a pretty good deal. The waiter came by frequently and it was a pleasant experience. It's a fairly loud venue so it's good for a fun night out but not as good if you prefer more intimate conversation.
3	Had lunch here last week.  I ordered the special which was fish tacos.  My husband ordered the shredded beef taco and red enchilada.  I didn't really care for my dish.  It just wasn't very tasty.  My husbands was good.  They refilled our chip bowl promptly.  Not very big but it was very busy.  Our waitress was attentive.  Oh yeah, an older gentleman (possible the owner?) offered us some gum from his large bowl on the way out.  Everyone was polite and I like that.  I will be back for the enchiladas next time.
5	Enough comments on here for you to get the idea, but I just want to comment on how efficient it is here. We were nervous about a wait when we saw how packed It was, but they had Us seated in three minutes. I've never had faster service, from taking our order, delivering our drinks, and magically swapping out our chips as the last one hit our lips. Crazy.
5	Food was excellent.  (Try the Chicken Baja Burro).  Portions were huge.  Service was very attentive.  Created a great dining atmosphere.  I made a mixup on coupons, but the owner/manager wanted us to have a great dining experience and wasn't going to sweat the small stuff.   I am sure he wants to bring business back, and I am sure he will.
5	This is my fav Mexican spot. It's authentic, a great value, and the food always tastes amazing. I have always had great service and the staff is very welcoming. The chips and salsa are among best I've had and be sure to try green sauce if you get enchiladas.
5	I've been going here since I was a little girl after church. My crazy mom would celebrate post-Saturday mass with their CHEAP margaritas. I never noticed until I was old enough to come back and enjoy their margaritas, but they offer shots on the house when you receive your check. The food is great quality and absolutely delicious! Their chimis rock and their red beef quesadilla is a hit! Service is awesome and I've seen the same faces since I was a kid- very personable people working the place and on top of drink refills. Food comes out pretty quickly too, making it a great lunch-time spot. I recommend going there a little early, a little late, or reserving a table for lunchtime however, as the place gets pretty packed!
4	One of the better Mexican restaurants in the area.  Friendly service, good food and margaritas for $1.75.  If you like to eat, Mi Patio will not disappoint as portions are huge. Once seated with no wait, we were presented with a basket of chips and salsa that were perfection.  For dinner, I ordered a combo ($10.35) Beef Tamale, Beef Taco, Cheese Enchilada, Rice & Beans.  Although I did not love the Tamale, everything else tasted hot and fresh. I like the fact that it is a local, family owned restaurant.  Did I mention the $1.75 margaritas?
4	Nice choice for a fun and affordable meal. The food is not overly light but its always been fresh in my experience. I really liked the chimichanga.
2	Cheap food and Cheaper Margaritas do not a good restaurant make. At $1.75 you can drink a lot of Margaritas and pretend the food is good. Soon the buzz will wear off and you'll have a headache and think you ate Mexican buffet at Panchos. Friendly service though
5	I love Mexican food & I have been to many different places & I never thought I'd say this but this is definitely the best place I've ever been too! It's my new favorite. The staff are so friendly & nice & the food is great! Will definitely be going back!
4	I had not been here in 13 years and it is still great.  best Mexican food in phoenix.
5	205 reviews and a good 4 star rating... not bad to the folks of Mi Patio.  I went there again today for the first time in many years (I lived out of state and moved back to a part of the valley that is far from here.)  Anyway, whoa... we could not complain or "meh" about any single thing.  There was NOTHING wrong.  Prices were fair.  Service was not just excellent, it was whatever comes above excellent.  And the food was really, really good.  Nothing from a can.  Salsa was dam*ed amazing!  Big chunks of meat in his meal.  No skimping on anything from them.  I hope the good folks at Mi Patio get more 5 star ratings because they deserve it.  4 stars isn't enough.
3	The food was standard Mexican food served in U.S. restaurants to non Mexican people. With that said, the food was ok. It had too much cheese on it. It's surprising how much cheese was on the food. The food was also pretty greasy. It was a good takeout and the folks were pleasant. For under 10 I can't complain.
5	This is actually the only Mexican place I have been to in Phoenix. Partly because I love this place so much I wouldn't want to find another place. Partly because I fear I won't find another good place I like. My BF introduced me to this place (as he introduced me to everything in Phoenix) him and co workers would come here sometimes. It is very good. I have no complaints. I love the setting, the food and the good service! I swear the drink/chip server comes along SO often! He is on top of it ALL the time! Never had a problem with service... one time salt was actually in my margarita (which is weird because I brought a friend here and the same thing happen to her so I'm not sure if they make them like that) but it was fixed pronto. The food is good, I am very confident in trying different things on their menu because I have never had anything bad. This is VERY RARE for me. I usually get the same thing when I go to a place more than once. I lived in San Antonio for several years so I know good Mexican food, and this place is pretty comparable. :)
2	I'm afraid I just don't understand the hype of Mi Patio. The restaurant has plenty of parking and it has a good location. It's clean and the decor is really bright and fun. The staff is friendly enough, but I didn't like the food.I didn't really care for the salsa. It was fresh, but it had a muddled flavor of old cilantro that I didn't like. Also, the chips were stale.Our food came out quickly, but I was pretty underwhelmed. I had the beef enchiladas with green sauce. The rice and beans had a burnt flavor; it's hard to describe, but I didn't like it. The meat did not taste fresh, and I couldn't see or taste the green sauce. Personally (and I know I'm in the minority here), I thought there was way too much cheese on the plate. I like cheese, but I don't want so much that it makes the food greasy. My husband had beef tacos with rice and beans. He liked the rice, but he felt that the beef wasn't fresh. He didn't finish his plate.The prices were pretty cheap, but I feel like the food and experience was overhyped. I don't think I'll be back.
4	It's been awhile as I no longer live in the neighborhood, but this place was great - excellent food, excellent service, nice atmosphere...the parking lot was very small and tight - hard to find spots on busy nights - but worth it once you get inside.
4	Mi Patio is good. For the area that it is in, I find it strange that there isn't more competition in Mexican food. I guess I could head deeper into the aves but, as a rule of thumb, I don't associate the Avenues with solutions. From the outside, I was concerned that we were walking into a canned beans, store-bought hard taco shells, overpriced experience. In retrospect, this is probably due to the Corona theme on the outside of the building that made me think of all the substandard Mexican joints in Tempe that survive off the binge drinking college crowd. So, shame on me for such judgement - authentic Mexican doesn't have to come from a rundown brink building in a south Phoenix barrio.Promptly seated, the service was attentive and the food was good. I got my panfried taco shell (complete with bubbled sides - muy authentico!) and left fat and happy. I think Mi Patio may be our new go-to Mexican place when we don't want to drive all the way to the South Phoenix Barrio.
5	Mi Patio is our favorite restaurant.  Not just our favorite Mexican restaurant...our favorite restaurant, period.  I love the Greek influence since most "traditional" Mexican restaurants in phoenix look at me funny when I ask for vegetables.  The servers are always fast and friendly.  the owner and managers talk with us like we've been friends our entire lives even though they may not even recognize that we are regulars.  we eat at mi patio for dinner, lunch and get lunch takeout.  it is always exactly what we were hoping for.  if you enjoy hot sauce we've discovered that they make a spicy sauce using Frank's red hot but you have to ask for it.  we ask for the diablo sauce since that is what they use for the diablo shrimp dish.mi patio is great for vegans too.  they don't cook anything with lard and give you the opportunity to order anything without the cheese, without looking at you like your crazy.  Ive enjoyed the vegetable enchiladas (Mushroom, Zucchini, Egg Plant) without cheese and didn't feel like i was missing out on flavor.their chips and salsa are my favorite in all of phoenix and they give you plenty with your food whether its to stay or to go.  kids are always treated with respect and they have tons of tolerance for our occasionally screaming 1 year old.  the kids meals have huge portions that make for great left overs and ice cream when theyre done!  our 5 year old asks to eat at mi patio at least twice a week.we LOVE the margaritas!  there's nothing fancy about them but who needs fancy when you get to pay 2 or 3 bucks for a big ass margarita!? don't let the outside of the building trick you into thinking its just a sleazy Mexican bar.  the beer banners totally turned me off before my husband made me try it for the first time.  just walk inside and enjoy the best of Phoenician Mexican food!
4	Some of the best cheese enchiladas I have ever had. Sometimes service can be a little slow but be patient and have a enchilada.
3	Pretty good. Probably won't return though.
5	Mi Patio is now my favorite Mexican Restaurant in AZ. The food here is all made from scratch. The staff is friendly and service is great. The food was amazing! I can't wait to come back.
4	Love this place! Born and raised in AZ and the best Mexican food in the Valley! The beans are delish abc the service is great, Margarita are only $1.75 all day everyday I get the chicken  flautas
2	I have been to this place a handful of times. The first time I was super impressed and would have given it a five.... We got free shots, delicious salsa, warm chips and the entree was decent. However, as I continued to go there the service seemed to get worse. The last time was most upsetting and made me decide to never return.  We actually had to hunt down our waiter to take our order because he was taking so long to come back. He was busy watching the ball game and socializing with 2 other people up at the bar. We were pretty convinced that our waiter was high. He had absolutely no perception of time, he was sweating, loud and his pupils were ginormous. The chips seemed to be burned from the heat lamps and the chips that were not burned tasted a bit stale.  When we got our entree the ends of my enchilada were hot but the middle was cold. That leads me to believe that it was previously frozen and it actually tasted like frozen food. My boyfriend's food tasted like Franks Red Hot. Don't get me wrong, we love franks but I don't expect it to be the sauce they use to flavor their food.  The margaritas are good but cheap for a reason! They are hoping that you drink enough to cover up the taste of the food. If you decide to go just hope that it's a good day. For me, I can't bare to chance it.
5	Mi Patio is one of our favorite Mexican restaurants. The food is so fresh and delicious with generous portions and bargain-priced. Fast, friendly service and $1.75 margaritas all day!
2	Although the large amount of sauce and cheese can disguise the truth, the food that I have tried here is low quality and lacks flavor. Was with a group of six and everyone agreed. Also had one of the cheap margaritas, which was nothing special. Just what you would expect from a $1.50 margarita I am pretty sure the salsa was made using canned tomatoes. I would not recommend.
4	Delicious, will have to come again to give a better review!
3	Decent Americanized Mexican.  Nothing outstanding, but I will go back if in the neighborhood.  See pictures.  Taco was better than the Chimi.
4	Soil classic ameri Mexican sit down food, with a few good and quite veggie options.The chips and salsa are quite standard and decent, The veggie enchiladas with mushrooms, zucchini and more are also great, large full of well sauteed veggies in a flaful sauce and smothered in the obligatory cheese. The real key to the rating here was the speed, at lunch one does not have the time to wait 20 min for food and 10 min to order. Here you can order with in a few min of sitting down munch of 10 chips and 6 min later your hot food will arrive.  This makes it a great place for a lunch meetup. There is plenty of seating but not much parking so carpool if possible
5	Excellent food and excellent service. We found this place from a fundraiser auction we attended and are very excited that we did.  We really get a kick out of the bonus shots that our server brought us and the Baja chicken burro is incredible. Thanks for supporting our community, and thanks for the great meal!
2	Had the taco lunch special... The beans and rice were tasty as were the chips and salsa, but the tacos did not seem fresh. The the shells were hard and chewy and by holding the taco on it's side, the grease dripped out like a leaky kitchen faucet.
4	For sure one of the better Mexican places in the valley, and a quaint little place.
4	The menu is awesome, with a few surprise options.  The atmosphere was traditional authentic Mexican restaurant.  Very reasonably priced.  Margaritas were awesome and sooooo inexpensive.  Overall it was a great dinner.  The bathroom was TINY, but I didn't plan to spend much time in there.  I will for sure be back!
5	ISO: Great Mexican food that's quick, a hop skip & jump away and is inexpensive, but not in the "I ate 'Berto's drunk last night, and it's not the booze that left me feeling like crap"  way.This place is pretty dive-y and at first glance, you'd think "Meh..nothing to write home about". Don't judge a book by it's cover! Mi Patio serves up classic Mexican fare with a Greek twist. The first time I got the complimentary chips and salsa, I was sold-AND might I mention that it's bottomless? We'd be halfway finished with a bowl of chips and someone would be making rounds to give us more! The margaritas are pretty standard-I'm not a huge margarita drinker but I always order one when I come here-why not? It's only $1.75. I know what you're thinking. Hold the phone! 1.75? Was it Happy Hour? NOPE..It's all the time! Usually when I go, I've ordered the veggie burro. On my most recent visit, the special was fish tacos.. This girl is a huge fan of those! The portions here are huge-especially with the burros. I usually power halfway through because it's so good I can't stop eating and then am stuffed.  They seem to make the food at record pace and all of the ingredients taste fresh. The fish tacos I ordered were SO tasty-I had never had them with fresh taco shells..mmm mm good!! Plus the beans and rice which is always delicious. I'd probably eat here every day if I could..or if it were particularly healthy.
5	Love me some mi patio! Chips and salsa are so good I've stopped just to get em to go. Me and the mrs always get some house margaritas and I pig out on the Baja chicken burro! Get it with extra sauce and eat yourself into food coma. Been going there for yrs and yrs to come
5	We were in town for the night and this place came highly recommended.  Boy were they right.  Chips and Salsa were amazing.  Cheese crisp app was great.  There top seller is a chimichanga burro with cream cheese.  Very good.  The owner was a guy named George.  Really nice and he is greek which explains the Gyros burrito which a friend had and said he would never order anything else it was so good.Indian fry bread with honey and powder sugar.  We will be back on our next trip
4	Cheap, good Mexican- great if that's what you're craving! Chips/salsa and guac somewhat addicting. Great little spot!
5	My wife and I had dinner at Mi Patio tonight.  All I can say is WOW.  The chips were perfectly crispy and light with ample good medium salsa.  I ordered a large margarita on the rocks with salt and an 'enchilada-style' chicken burrito with fajita chicken and rice.  My wife ordered the small margarita, two enchiladas, one chicken and one beef with rice and beans.  They were rated as having the best pitcher margaritas in town and I can see why.  Most notable, though, was the service, which was very attentive.  Both of the ladies serving us were really really nice and made sure everything was right.  The restaurant is a family-owned style place on a busy corner in north central Phoenix.  When you pull up, it looks small, but it really has quite a bit of capacity and they know how to serve up the food and drink.  All at a reasonable cost, especially the margaritas!  I was very impressed.  I sure wish we had a great place like this at home.  When I am in Phoenix, I'll be back.
5	Great food at great prices!  Owned by a Family who certainly care about good product and service.
2	I'm certainly in the minority with my critique ... it was my first time in ... not impressed with dated decor  or the cuisine.  Chips tasted stale and salsa was just so-so.  Chicken burro was edible but too cheesy as was the spinach dip making both greasy.  Although portions were large, could have used more care in the presentation of each dish.  Prices comparable with other Mexican restaurants, but didn't feel this was a very good value for the money.  Staff was proficient but not very friendly ... I would not recommend nor will I be back.
4	I have been back to Mi Patio several times since my first review.  I like it better every time I go.  I really enjoy the shredded beef tacos and margaritas.
4	Met some friends for happy hour and WOW did we get happy!!!!!! Small bar area with lots of regulars. The margs are pre made unless you do a call tequila and they have some very good ones. The bartender knows how to mix a happy hour drink!!!!! She was funny and entertained us. Salsa is very good chips are fresh and mini chimi's are a great appetizer.
2	Do not get the taco salad!! Way too much guacamole and sour cream and it is really bland. Kind of a mess.  friendly service, cute little neighborhood atmosphere, but honestly the food is not impressive.
5	THIS PLACE IS AWESOMEGreat service, plenty of chips and salsa (homemade tortilla chips)Really good crunchy tacos (guacamole tacos just come with a bowl of guacamole)And the chimichangas are fantastic
3	Hey Yall....I don't ask for much and what I do ask for is HOT FOOD.....not scalding but yes throughly heated not cool/cold to the touch....1st impression was nice quaint place...my waiter who NEVER told me his name tossed the menu on the table then stepped back to allow me to follow where the menu landed....i ordered the Chicken Creamy Burro thingy and I should have kept the cold one that came out 5 minutes after i ordered.... Oh oh wow your food is already come up. I'm far from an idiot and have eaten out enough you know that that was someone else's order in something with me the wrong or they change their minds. So after they know if the time was ice cold okay maybe not ice cold but it was cold enough that I could stick my fingers did I mention I that I have been sensitive hands and was able to put my fingers my beans and into the sauce. Long story short they brought me another creamy cheesy burrito thing it was okay not as good as the one I sent back having regrets hmmmmm regret sorta
3	Put up a $1.99 margarita sign and I'm in. That's why I tried this place. The margaritas are good but since they're only two bucks they're not very strong. Really liked their salsa. The food was good but a little salty. I do recommend you try their flan. Tasty!
2	This restaurant keeps you loaded with good chips & salsa. Guacamole is also good. The rest of the restaurant experience is horrible. Took a while for us to be noticed just to be seated, then took almost 30 minutes to place our order. The restaurant wasn't even full. Only 2 other tables when we walked in. Service was not attentive in the least. The food was below average. Soft drinks were flat. If we lived in the area, we wouldn't go back.
3	I thought this place was nice. The service slightly lacking and the food isn't the best but it is a fun place to go for happy hour. The server brought out some sort of shot when we were done eating at no cost to us and I thought it was a nice touch. You also can't beat $3 margaritas all day every day.
5	Great food. Quick and attentive service. The Chimi, Shrimp taco's and shredded beef taco's were delicious. Highly recommended.
5	Love this place! Prompt service and great food! The chips are salsa are also great! This is my favorite Mexican restaurant and I drive over half an hour to come here. I recommend Mi Patio to all my friends...
5	Great friendly service. Consistent food quality every time. It's nice to come back and see the same team working so well together. Always a pleasant experience!
2	Disappointed that yelp took me here on such high expectations.  The only good food I had here was the friendly service and chips and salsa. But if you are looking for a good sized meal, then this is the place for you.  Big portions, and busy during lunch time
4	I was hesitant to go to Mi Patio, but I'm glad I did.If you scroll down through most of the reviews you'll see a pattern.  The people who rate it high usually comment, "You can't beat $2 margaritas!" or you have a handful of comments from vegans who are happy to have found a Mexican option.  Reviewers who stuck to talking about the food generally had lower ratings, so I had my reservations.  But in the end I was just down the street so I decided to give it a try.I got the gyro chimi and it just worked.  The flavor of the Greek classic came through perfectly inside of the Mexican wrapping.  The cucumber sauce, lamb, and fried shell matched up perfectly.  The zucchini side was an interesting change of pace and the rice was excellent.  I enjoyed everything on the plate.One knock against it:  It's oily.  The contents of the chimi (lamb, peppers, onions) can't be as densely packed as a regular chimi so you start to notice some pockets of oil that form on the plate.  Yes, I know a chimi is oily, but you usually it's absorbed by the food inside of it so you don't see it to the same extent.Give the chimi a shot and you won't regret it.  I was there on a Saturday afternoon and the place has a nice mix of people enjoying some Mexican with others socializing at the bar.  Good options for a wide range of people.
4	Great salsa. The Mexican pizza is great. I had the Spinach chimi with cream sauce. It was delicious!  Even better than I expected.  I love the giant margaritas. I think it was $3.50?? 1 is all you need:) We usually always get the chimis. It's a safe bet if you are in that area and want Mexican food.
4	The food was delicious.  Definitely a "down-home" restaurant and you're treated like family.  The complimentary salsa was delicious although our chips were slightly stale.  The cheese enchiladas were stellar and my companion thoroughly enjoyed his fish tacos.  The thing about "you can't beat the $2 margaritas"... well, you can.  I think our margaritas may have spent time near tequila at some point but I'm not convinced there was actually any in there.  Skip the drinks and order the food.
1	I'm so dissatisfied with this place! The wait staff is pretty rude, you never feel warm and friendly. Worst of all, the 2nd and last time we visited our food was cold and the chips were stale! Come on "Mi Patio" take some pride and offer good service, fresh chips and train your staff on good manners! Also, don't be so cheap with your napkins , we need those to wipe off the excess cheese and grease from our hands and face! Won't go there again and feel like I wasted my money and be treated like I'm an inconvenience.
5	Freddie the server was fantastic and went above and beyond to take care of our table.  Thank you for such a great experience!
4	The service was fast, the wait staff was very friendly, the chile relleno was good, the spinach enchildas with white sauce were delicious, and the price was right!
4	I never knew this place existed when I lived in Phoenix, but on a recent visit to relatives we were taken there and I was quite happy with the quality of food. Maybe my tastes are "off" due to living in upstate NY for a year and no longer knowing the joy of good Mexican food, but I thought it was darned tasty. The entrees we got were all good, and even the chips and salsa they place on the table is good.The only reason I don't give this place 5 stars is because I thought the service, while quick and efficient, was cold and impersonal. The server was sitting at the bar and chatting with someone rather than attending to our table most of the time, and when he finally dropped off the check, he didn't tell us it's meant to be taken up to the front. I don't mind doing that, but I don't like restaurants that leave you guessing as to whether the server will be your cashier or not.So... remember to take your check to the front yourself.
1	While the good is good, service is infuriatingly bad. Our server last Sunday seemed to give some service to other patrons while avoid other tables. In the end, it took so long to get his attention (or responses from others) that we just paid without receiving all our food.
4	It's always been around and I always see it but never go there. So I show up and there not much of a waiting area but it's also not much waiting. We got there server was very nice. Chips and salsa to begin with they were good. Typical. We got our food in a timely manner and the waiter forgot our drinks but he was very nice and apologetic about it and have is the drinks at no charge. The food was amazing!!! Soo good and filling and a good amount I had to take it home! I got a margarita it was okay. I didn't hate it but I'll make a diff choice next time. Over all the experience was pleasant and food was delicious. I will be coming here again!!!!
2	The guacamole is definitely packaged - tastes exactly like Wholly Guacamole brand... Not impressed. Service wasn't much better. Food? Very below average... After many years of using yelp, this is actually the first yelp review I have ever written. That's how strongly I disagree with the current rating that this place has. (And compared to what my friend and boyfriend had to say about the entire experience, I'm being pretty nice.)
3	Really fun place! Great atmosphere and great food awesome parrots and cool crap everywhere decorated
4	Best salsa in Phoenix...I never never found another that compares!
1	After reading reviews we thought we would give it a try and it was horrible. The bussers were more attentive than the server , asked her several times for a  side of chili never received anything. The worst I have had here in Phoenix.
3	The food was decent but the value was great! I don't know why anyone would complain that the food has too much guacamole and sour cream. Which some reviews of this place have done. Most Mexican restaurants charge an arm and a leg for a sample. This place is very generous. The $3 HH margarita was also really big and plenty good for $3 plus it came with a free mini shot of tequila on the side. The service was very friendly and they were so hospitable.This place didn't knock my socks off but for the price and value I thought it was worth the visit.
1	Last year I came to this place with coworkers and the food was not as everyone talked about.   All this craze that is was some really good authentic Mexican food.  Not true at all, all of the food is drenched in yellow cheese. You know if the service was great you sometimes over see a few things on the food but when food sucks and service sucks also then you have nothing to gain from coming to this place.  We came again this year (last week) and still the same shity service and wow the food!!!!!!! The food was gross. .... I asked for Chile Verde, hold on I asked the guy. Hey which one is better the green or red he said green. Should not of done that, food was nasty. One good thing was the beans... beans were good. Will not go again.
4	Absolutely delish! This is a quick, easy, flavorful, and easy on the wallet lunch spot. Their food is always very tasty and consistent. I've ordered a variety  of their dishes and all of them always beyond expectations.If you like super spicy salsa.. You have to ask them for it. I can only drop a couple drops if it because it's like fire.. But good.
4	The food is what I call real Mexican food, the flavor is excellent! The service is fairly good and it is a relaxing place to eat with the family.
5	The salsa and food was amazing. It was very flavorful. It's one of the few restaurants that i've gone to several times (moved to Phoenix recently). I grew up with my parents cooking amazing food, so it's nice to find a place that has chicken that is juicy and has flavor. Many places have big pieces of chicken in their burritos that are just dry. Highly recommend this restaurant.
4	Great Mexican food, reasonable prices.  After work i picked up the two shredded beef tacos with rice & beans (comes with chips & salsa) it was under 13.00 for two dinners and was great with a Redbox.
1	So disappointed! We used to live not far and remembered it fondly, but returned w our family recently (daughter and two well-behaved teens) and could hardly get out quick enough. In a town with plenty of quality Mexican restaurants, this was our sad experience: stale chips, sooo sweet margaritas from a commercial mix, "char-broiled taquito" consisted of soggy tortilla and steamy meat that had not recently experienced any charbroiling, shared fajitas churned out with no caramelizing or evidence of time on a plancha, essentially hot meat and vegetables w two tiny tortillas.  What happened to the old Mi Patio? Maybe it doesn't exist at 6 on Friday nights.While I can't exactly fault the restaurant for our being trapped next to a raucous group of nine people at a table sized for six (they kept pulling up another chair "Sure, we can make room"), I do think well-run restaurants are attentive to the realities of maneuvering around with hot plates when tables are overfilled. That's on the end of server experience; as for diner experience, at one point, two of us had hand over an ear to soften the donkey-loud laugh of the woman next to us. Maybe it was amplified by the tunnel-like area near the back door, which we used to escape as soon as we popped cash (and a tip-it's hardly fair to punish the server) in the folder. Our server was pleasant and efficient, I'll give them that, but do lament $80 and 80 minutes of my life wasted.
5	The best Mexican food I've had in Arizona. Rice and beans must be homemade. I never rant about rice and beans..I had the cheese enchiladas and a chile relleno. Both were outstanding. Salsa was great too. We had great service too. We drove by this place a bunch of times over the years. Kept saying "we should try that place". We are definitely going back. Also couldn't finish it all, so we both got 2 meals out of it. You should try this place..
5	Sooooo Good!!!  When I ate the rice and beans, it was like having mi Abuela in the kitchen . The shredded beef taco and cheese enchilada special was DELISH!!!!!  I will absolutely go there again and again!!!!
3	Good food, i love their salas! Too expensive and the service is terrible. I had my friends birthday last year and everyone enjoyed the food. Our drinks were left empty for long peroids of time, and you better hope they got your order right the first time because youre never going to see your waiter again... We didnt see our waiter until her brought our bill, and he also forgot to split our checks and then complained when we asked him to, were only had three different checks... I doubt we will go back again.
4	Food was very good and my margarita wasn't bad. I had the beef enchiladas, one in red sauce and one in green. They were tasty as was the rice and beans.Service was average.The only reason for loosing a star was the limited menu.Waiter was engaging and discussed the two sauces on my plate. He asked for my opinion on preference.
4	I have been going to Mi Patio for years now and it is always a great place to go! The salsa is the best in town, just be careful if you get the hot stuff because it will burn your mouth, but boy does it hurt so good! I always get the combination plate number 101 with the taco, tostado, and cheese enchilada with rice. It is always a good choice if you want a little bit of everything and it is so delicious, be careful if you do not like a lot of cheese because they put an excessive amount of shredded cheese on the entire plate. My dinner mates got the chicken fajitas and the combination plate with the taco and cheese enchilada. The fajitas were seasoned wonderfully and the guacamole they bring with it is fresh. They skimp a little on the peppers and onions so just be weary of that. My boyfriends mom got the combination plate with the taco and cheese enchilada and she thoroughly enjoyed it! We also got an order to-go and it came out very fast and they even added chips and salsa to the bag. Mi Patio's food is always delicious and the staff is always very friendly!
4	I got takeout for an event to feed about 60 people, very easy process, helpful staff, great pricing, and delicious food. I am a very satisfied customer
1	Everyone that rated this restaurant awesome, No one was ever so WRONG about a place in my life OMG!! LET me tell you these people don't know what the he'll they are doing in the kitchen,  I let me tell you I know what it mexican food is support to because I Am Mexican and this place stinks, the rice seems like it came from a box, the meat is gamely and their is no seasoning to the meat and not yo mediation the powered garlic salsa omg stay away if your a real mexican stay home and cook
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant in Arizona and one of my top five favorite restaurants in general. Great prices, great staff, and amazing food. Need more locally owned places with this quality in Phoenix.
5	Definitely one of the best and my favorite Mexican restaurants in the greater phoenix area. I've literally eaten here two nights in a row: the service is always awesome, everyone is so nice. I've tried many things on the menu and have never been disappointed, it's all SO GOOD. I'm not a vegetarian but they have amazing vegetarian options that even I get sometimes. Seriously, why go to filibertos or some place like that when you can get restaurant service for practically the same price, AND you get bottomless chips and salsa AND the food is better. Great good, great prices, great people/service, never probably go to another Mexican restaurant in Phoenix.
5	Every time I'm in the area for some training I always make sure to hit this spot. They have excellent prices on their lunch specials, and I always make sure to get the shredded beef taco and enchilada lunch special.  The food portion is very generous and they don't skimp out on the cheese!  Parking can be a little tough but it's well worth it for this little hole in the wall!  *Beware they won't split your check for you at the table, but when you get up to pay your tab with the cashier, they'll be more than happy to assist you.
4	Great little place with super fast service. Many repeat customers and locals, friendly staff.I had the baja chicken and it was really good! Not overly smothered in sauce, get fresh flavors, and a great portion for the money.Chips and salsa were never ending, and the staff was very friendly and attentive!
5	Made it back around to Mi Patio here today, this time joined by Yelpies Jackie R. and Mike C.  I ordered a #97 Combo, and things started out with us being brought out two good sized bowls of tasty chips and plenty of excellent coarsely pureed red salsa.Before long our orders came out, served on piping hot platters.  Mine had a big Pablano Chile Relleno, stuffed with Oaxaca Cheese, cooked just enough to be tender but still with a bit of crunch and bright green color.  Along with that was a big Cheese Enchilada, a Carne deshebrada taco, fluffy Spanish Rice, creamy Refried Beans, plenty of stretchy sharp Chedder-like cheese and salsa all around, and some shredded lettuce.Everything about the restaurant and the service were fine, and this meal was REALLY, REALLY GOOD!     :-))#97 Combo:  $11.95
5	I have been coming here for years. One of my favorites is the green chili  burro enchilada style. Would highly recommend eating here if you have not already. My favorite Mexican food in the valley
1	I went to this restaurant because I was craving mexican food and the reviews were great. Being new to the area, I am still exploring new spots.  I was extremely disappointed.  The waiter was terrible, the food was definately not worth the price, and the house margaritas didn't even taste like they had tequilla in them.   Next time I want to go out for some great mexican food, it won't be here.
5	The salsa is AMAZING!!! So cilantro-y just like I like it. I got the bean and cheese burrito enchilada style. It literally came out in less than 5 minutes. Inexpensive and tasty. I'll definitely be back.
5	Today we had a large group of 16 people and they did an amazing job of keeping up with refills of drinks and chips and salsa. Good prices and nice people. Five stars!
5	This place is super delicious...food is always nice, hot and served quickly.  The Gyro Chimichanga is my absolute favorite. Plus the daytime latino waiter with the Gucci belt is super good to look at! lol Great wait staff and inexpensive!
5	I came here about a week ago. Saw the great following on yelp and decided it was worth a trip. The place isn't much to look at. When I came in I found a place at the bar and had a 2$ Margarita.  This pitcher was made strong, and the bar tender was very nice. He kept filling my glass and didn't charge me a dime for my drink. The food was yummy and there was a lot of it. I ordered the 97. Beef taco, chili rellino, and a cheese enchilada.  I asked them to add shredded chicken to my enchilada.  Worth it.  Everything was yummy.  The service was very good. I felt very comfortable in this place. I would come back.
4	Really fast, friendly service.  Food was great. $1.99 margarita was a bit weak but still satisfying, but my wife liked it.  Family owned and worth supporting.
5	Love this place. We are regulars. Everything is fresh, hot, huge portions and very reasonably priced. Food comes out fast and piping hot, even when it's crowded. We've eaten here probably 100 times in the last 18 months never not once, have we been disappointed. Highly recommend the patio chimi. The green sauce is amazing. Baja chimi is another "go-to" dish. The bean and cheese burro, Mexican pizza also favorites. The wait staff is friendly and efficient. Drinks are refilled promptly, endless  hot and fresh chips. Salsa excellent. Sometimes a bit too spicy for my taste but still very good, fresh and homemade.
5	Like everyone has mentioned- this place has to be the go to spot for mexican in north central phoenix.We went here for the first time Sunday after seeing how busy the parking lot always is and were greatly impressed with the amazing attentive service, traditional great mexican food with large portions!
5	Best Mexican spot in Phoenix. Hands down. Best parts about Mi Patio:-service. You can be seated, ordered, eat ad leave within 45 minutes, and that is with the free shot they sometimes give you!-price. You can go to plenty of other highly rated places and pay double the price....and this is better food.-fam owned-most of the people have worked there forever. They remember the regulars orders (and this place is so good there are a lot of regulars)Favorite Food:-beef tacos-delicious. You can request with onions and tomatoes otherwise it comes with lettuce and cheese. I recommend #96-two tacos, beans and cheese. Mixing the beans together and adding a little hot sauce on top is delicious. **if you order this for pickup or to go it is a $1 cheaper by the way!** #106 Is another good combo.-Baja chicken burro. Oh my god delicious. This dish is all about the sauce. It goes so well together. **you can ask for the sauce on anything I learned by the way-chips and salsa are constantly being replenished and are so yummy and homemade If I had to find negatives/to be straight up:-not my favorite guacamole. Not a lot of flavor.-quesadillas aren't always that crispy-margs aren't the strongest or made with the too ingredients but they are cheap and still yummy. Ask for a double with not too much ice!This is by far the best Mexican food I have found in AZ. I never leave disappointed. The food is great ad you any best the service and prices.
5	The best little Mexican food restaurant in town!  The service is awesome never ran out of chips and salsa or water!  The food is a great value and I would recommend this to anyone!
