3	Okay, so I shouldn't review a bar/restaurant on opening night but I'm here now and no one else is doin' it. Glitch #1:  the LVRJ ad said: Food! Fun! Prizes for the first 100 people!"  I really didn't think we'd be in that coveted swag group even though we got there at 6:40. But seeing that Distill was re-distilling in the space occupied by the late, lamented Agave Restaurant, a cavernous place, we didn't expect to be fighting for wall space. How'd this happen?  They opened at 4:30!  What happened to truth in advertising??They did have a buffet station set up, with pizza, round potato bites, beef strips and all the fixings for fajitas, chicken & artichoke dip, bruschetta, and jumbo shrimp for shrimp cocktail. The fajitas were very good, the potato puffs were delicious, but the rest was just okay. Finally we snagged a booth, and except for the demo girls handing out Royal Crown & Jack Daniels' Tennessee Honey samples & some cute t-shirts, we couldn't snag a server even to clear the table, let alone slake our parched palates. Servers are also bussers, which didn't help speed things up. And the bar was backed up with drink orders. They definitely could benefit from a second bar. We did manage to fill up on the free offerings, so I'll reserve my food critique until next time. We checked out the menu, with its standard assortment of appetizers, salads, burgers, and sandwiches, and prices are pretty reasonable. But the Happy Hour (3-6 pm and 3-6 am - catering to early joggers?) menu is completely unimaginative and eminently skippable. I'll update my review and impressions of the food after all the excitement dies down (and hopefully the noise - this place is jet-takeoff LOUD!!!!!), but my initial impressions are just ho-hum.
3	Two things you need to know off the bat.  First, 21 and above only; no problem.  Second, SMOKE SMOKE SMOKE everywhere; gross.  Went to the opening last night, and it was packed and loud, but a good vibe and crowd.  There was a band playing, but after talking with one of the owners that won't be an "everyday" thing, at least not for now.  Even though it was busy, the servers were quick and prompt and very very friendly and upbeat.  The decor is warmer and more inviting than when this place was Agave, with a lot of lounge chairs and tables replacing the old table booths.  The patio is still there and will be a welcome place to hangout in the warmer weather.  There is also a game room area, with video bowling, golfing, pool table, etc.  And, the "jukebox" is pretty cool, with the ability to sync to your iPhone and music playlists.  And of course plenty of  TVs throughout to catch your fave sporting event.This morning we decided to try out breakfast, since we were running errands in the area.  We sat in the main bar area, and my first impression was "I don't want to eat in a place that all I can smell is cigarette smoke."  It's just not appealing.  It didn't seem so smokey the night before, but this morning was a different story.  The menu looks good, and they serve breakfast 24/7.  My husband had the build your own breakfast burrito (sausage, spinach, tomato and cheese), and they forgot the sausage.  I had the patty melt and it was "meh".  Not great.  Not horrible.  I ordered a bloody mary...let's just say it needs work.  Like, a lot of work.  I don't know what I had, but it was no where close to a bloody mary, lacking in taste and "zip."  Our waitress seemed nervous, and I'll chalk it up to the place only being open for 2 days.  But first impression, she had the personality of a log.  On a side note, the manager came over and introduced herself and was very welcoming, perky and nice.  Like I said, I'll chalk it up to nerves and the newness of it all.This place has the potential to be a great locals hangout, and the owners are experienced restauranteurs/tavern/grill operators.  We'll give it a month to work out the kinks and go back and give it another go.  However, it'll have to be on the patio to avoid as much smoke as possible (if I want smoke with my food and drink, I'll go the casino across the street, or to the Irish bar at Boca Park; point is, Summerlin doesn't need another smokey bar/grill).  And, maybe I'll hand the bartender a good bloody mary recipe while I'm at it.I do hope this place does well either way.
5	A few friends & I went on opening night. The staff was very friendly & the service was great. Prices seemed very reasonable on both food & drinks. We ate the buffet they had (fajitas were great!) but I am looking forward to returning to try several menu options. The patio was fabulous & the updated decor inside was very inviting. I would love to make this my new brunch spot!
5	This place is incredible. . . Okay, maybe a little strong for a local bar, but this place is pretty great. It's a super chill, super well appointed place to come in for a drink. Not to mention their fully stocked bar, with real, professional bartenders. These guys are pros and will take great care of you. Their progressive jackpots were at $6,000 each and they have this promotion where every hour they pick numbers and if it matches all of your numbers that you pick you get 10k. The burger I had "the cure" was so good. It had fried parsnips, which were pretty darn good. I love this place for graveyard. They have a full staff just waiting to help you, full kitchen, bottom line, stop in and have a nice night. And the patio is the best part, just so you know.
4	Did a real quick stop in to check out the Happy Hour. I only had 30 minutes to eat/drink and be on my way and they definitely got me in and out of there in good time. Service was quick and our table actually had 3 servers take our orders/serve our food/check on us.  Well drink was $3, like the price and value there. Also enjoyed their chili fries, chicken sliders and chips and salsa. Just a personal thing, I really don't think that any restaurant should charge for chips and salsa but I will give these guys a pass as the salsa was pretty good.Definitely going back to spend a little more time to feel the vibe. Also looking forward to hanging at the patio when the weather warms up. As a former Agave patron, I am happy to see a cool place in this beautiful space.
3	Having lived on the Summerlin side of town for a long time to see this actual building rotate though a former life of being many different restaurants/bars over many years, I think there might be a recipe with this new Distill that might make it stick.  Unlike prior restaurants/bars in the same space who really never changed it up so much, the decor and design has changed just so to make it feel and look brand new and that time and consideration was put into this remodel.  It is still built on a round center bar, but they have knocked down enough walls, put up enough brick and done enough design changes to make it feel welcoming and different.  Pretty expansive menu considering it is basically a bar (which includes breakfast 24/7, which I personally found to be a big bonus), what I thought to be reasonably priced and many nooks/spots to sit and hunker down to meet with friends, it seems like a good "local spot."  Often in Vegas, we (or maybe me) look to restaurants/bars that are unique/have an edge/have a niche, when indeed to great solid, basic staple with nice staff, good food and a nice atmosphere.  Although there is nothing earth shattering or noteworthy to say "this place is awesome" (although there are pool tables in the back),  I still enjoyed going and will absolutely go back.  As it advertises wanting to be a local hangout, I think they might be on to something and being a local in the Summerlin area, I will go back.  Curious about the smoking policy, for the nice hostess indicated that you could smoke anywhere and I saw only one person smoking who was sitting at the bar.   With people eating everywhere and NV law, not sure the hostess was correct.  I am not a smoker and a "you can smoke anywhere" bar would surely be the only thing that would turn me off about this place.  Again, I did not grill the nice hostess any further, although would clarify when I am in there again.  Maybe it is indeed my new local hangout.
5	Distill is a warm and inviting place. Its located close to BJ's in Summerlin, with tons of parking.  They have a large outdoor patio with plenty of seating for you and your friends. Very large location, Irish beers, and easy to read menus!*  Welcome Experience-  Ordinary - Upon entering the main door I was expecting to find a server or greeter standing there, however there wasn't anyone.  Within a minute or two a lady approached me with a warm smile and told me I could sit wherever I wanted and a server would bring us some menus.  I wish I would of been greeted sooner, but in the end it worked out. *  Establishment-  Outstanding - The design of the overall business is fantastic. Its clean, open, casual, with great music playing in the back ground. There is a pool table off in the corner, a large bar in the center, and a really awesome Patio area.*  Service-  Outstanding - Our waitress, and her assistants were awesome! They checked on us routinely, and made sure we had everything that we needed. Wish I remembered the ladies name. I found out that she had worked a double shift and was still cheery and all smiles!*  Food Quantity / Quality / Presentation-  Outstanding - The Food was amazing. You never know how a place is going to be when they first open.  Wish I would of taken some pictures of the food. The Mashed Potatoes Bites were DELICIOUS!! The Appetizers were well proportioned, and the quality was amazing.  Kudos to the kitchen staff on a job well done!,* Stuff that isn't important but I felt it was worth mentioning.They have power outlets everywhere! We were there for a business meeting and I was surprised to find power outlets in the main dinning room near a lot of the tables.  Great place to have a casual business meeting. Looks like they could accommodate large group meetings as well. The menus were very easy to read, and well put together. *  What I'll remember- The Moscow Mule Drink! AMAZING. and the food. soo good. I will also remember the reasonable prices.  The quick prompt services. *  What I can't wait to forget Nothing! It was all quite amazing. And I am a huge critic. This place rocks, way better than some chain restaurant.  They have nice views, and would be a great place to go on a date, or to have beers, lunch, and dinner with your friends. Suggestions:- I would suggest they take dinner reservations during prime dinner hours
4	Great neighborhood bar! Went there for breakfast. They have a good selection of breakfast items.  My husband got the steak and eggs. Steak was scrumptious! I had bacon and eggs, which were ok. I think they used powdered eggs which is why I say the breakfast was just ok. On the plus side, the service was great! Plus the bar has lots of tv and seating. Look forward to watching football games there in the fall, or trying out the pool tables. I'm definitely going back to try out lunch and/or dinner and their happy hour!
4	Went today for lunch ....started off with the avocado eggrolls...YUM!  I had the Mad Mule and my friend had the Devoted Hound to drink....both good...the Mule was the best.  For lunch I had the french dip....awesome...she had a calzone....it was huge...we could have shared it...for dessert we had the banana fritters with some yummy fireball caramel sauce.   The service was good and both the owner and the chef came by to check on us.  There were some other things that got our attention...will be going back to try some of them
4	Distill Bar is the old Agave.  The decor hasn't changed much but didn't really need to.Got here early - around 5.  Wasn't too busy.  Had couple drinks at the bar - my friend won $20 bucks :) - and then sat at a high top table just a few feet away when my other 2 friends arrived.The one thing that stood out for me was the staff.  Positive attitude and attentive.  From the bar to the table.We ordered the chips and salsa ($1.99 happy hour) at the bar.  The salsa wasn't bad but the chips just wasn't like Agave when we ordered it was hot and freshly made.We ordered the mashed potato bites, as we were told it was the most popular.  It was ok.  I guess I expected it to be more crispy on the outside.  I'll try the pretzels or the poppers next time.Breakfast is served 24/7!  I asked our server for suggestions and settled on the steak and eggs breakfast.  ($11.99)  I forgot to advise how I wanted my steak cooked and wasn't asked so I got it well done.  Bummer as I'm a medium rare girl.  Eggs were cooked perfectly.  Steak was very thin, and had as much flavor as I would expect a well done thin steak to be.Friend ordered the chicken fried steak special and it came with soup or salad, mashed potatoes and vegetables for $11.99.  He liked it.  Another friend ordered the chicken fried steak breakfast with the sauce on the side and that got confused - amazingly it took only a few minutes to have fresh one made.  The sauce was made with sausage.  Funny part was we had a hard time figuring out the "sausage" in the sauce and had to ask.  Our server didn't know and had to ask herself.   That being said it wasn't bad :)The soup was a chicken and artichoke.  It came out - to me - barely warm.  It was my friend's soup and he was content with it.  But I like my soup hot.  Couldn't even see any steam.My friend had the black and blue burger.  He loved it.  Gave it three thumbs up!  Seems to be the food of choice as I saw quite a few sliders and burgers at other tables.  I was just hoping the breakfast would've been better as most of the time you can't really mess that up.Food 3.5 Service 4.5Venue 4
5	You should stop by to see for yourself. We had a great experience. It's the old Agave restaurant next to the Summerlin Costco. The did some remodeling to give it their own flare but the layout is the same. Went there for dinner. We were pleasantly surprised by the quality and the affordable prices. I had the special. Surf and turf. 8 oz NY strip steak with shrimp scampi, roasted potatoes, asparagus and a salad. $14.95. Are you kidding me?  On the strip you would be lucky to get a third of the portion of the steak with no sides for the price. The steak was delicious. Beautiful char, cooked exactly the way I ordered. The roast potatoes were perfectly seasoned. Lovely baby asparagus. The salad was mixed baby greens. Not some cheap iceberg salad.  She had a chicken sandwich which she liked very much with the same salad. A big 25 ounce draft and a bottle of ultra. All in $36. Unbelievable. Stupendous value. Great atmosphere and delicious food. Tony the manager made a point to stop by and chat with nearly every table. What we needed in Summerlin. A nice tavern with delicious food at friendly prices along with excellent service. Amber took great care of us. We will be back. Kudos
5	I just love this new spot. Sara & D are amazing servers, request them when you go in. They'll take good care of you! Chicken nachos, mini sliders, bruschetta, mash potato bites have been tasty enough for my boyfriend & I to return multiple times now. Great happy hour! Pool tables & a pretty patio.. :)
3	I was going to give this place a good old fashioned ribbing until I read the other reviews.  I waited a couple of weeks to visit to let them get into the groove.  Not bad.  About what I expected from the Rememdy's people. Attention to detail, but not much personality. I will say the pretentious Summerlin crowd is pretty damn hard to please. Why would you compare this place to Agave? You all let that place flop. Anyway. ... Not really a restaurant, but not quite a bar. As for the gaming.  Love that it is JET. Chanel, and Dan at the bar made the trip for me.  Innes & Gunn on tap. The drink list has potential.
4	It's been a few spots prior and this is the best. Good service, great drinks and great atmosphere!
1	Smoking? Really. I guess a way to get around what the voters voted for is to post a sign saying 21 and over. I asked the mgr why they allowed it and he had no answer. But he did say they have a great ventilation system. But we still smelled smoke. It's too bad, it has good food but I'm not asking for a side of cancer.
5	On a recent trip to Vegas, we found ourselves looking for a local place (Summerlin) to have dinner. We ended up across from the Red Rock at Distill.We seated ourselves on the patio to enjoy the sunshine. We were welcomed quickly by Erin and got our drinks in a flash. We decided to order appetizers and settled on the mashed potato balls and homemade poppers. The manager brought them out and introduced himself. Bar food but really, really good!!! (try the poppers)We then ordered another round and a six pack of assorted sliders. They, like the appetizers were served diligently, quality ingredients, and tasted amazing.A free whiskey shot and full belly later, we  again spoke with Tony the manager and  although we are not "local", were made to feel extremely welcome. We felt these people really care about the customer. During our next  trip to the Red Rock, we will visit Distill again.
1	Was excited for this place to open. Like the space and thought it would be a great place to watch the games. I've taken several friends and everyone has said the same thing that they couldn't believe they allow smoking. Today I overheard another couple say the same thing right as they walked in. A few people have said they doubt they would ever go back. It's very disappointing. I went there for lunch again today. We had to move two times to get away from the smoke. This could be a great place. In a day where smokers have options why does a non smoker have to be exposed and have a miserable experience? Management should reconsider their policy. Doubt we will go back unless it becomes smoke free.
4	Got bourbon?So out for a bite and a drink one night with a few mates we thought we would try Distill. With no real expectations we strolled in to a fairly busy bar. With a brewery style decor that has lounges, table seating, pool tables and a very nice large bar to boot, Distill is great setting for groups or a sit down meal.Checking in on yelp you'll grab a Distill bar infused Bourbon on the house. The bartender gave me a pretty sweet Coffee infused bourbon with diet coke. I'm gonna say this was pretty nice drop and if you like a little sweet I recommend it.For dinner we ordered some mash potato bites as an app!!! Order them! They are amazing. For dinner we got the six pack sliders!!! A mix or combo of different sliders. Ruben, cheeseburger and Philly cheese steak. All were pretty tasty.Id like to give this place 5 stars but maybe because it was full and hard to find a seat I didn't get the full experience. For sure a place to come back to and will be a nice watering hole for a lot of people
1	Not a fanVery slow service and what little attention we did get from the server was not good.food was marginal at best, pizza was bland and the crust was doughy.
1	Really slow service. Been there when both empty and crowded and both times still slow service. Waiter staff not very friendly no personality, they barely talk to you.
5	Stopped in for lunch today food was delicious and service was great! We will definitely be back
4	Cool place with reasonably priced drinks.  Nice atmosphere.
5	Amazing bar! I come down here just for the service and amazing food....my server Marnie gave me the most amazing service and I will be back. Had the French dip with the most amazing au jus. Best sandwich I've had in a long time.
3	Great facility. Many menu selections. Service SLOW. Kitchen very slow. One great server other two had no clue. Had to track server down for coffee refill, utensils, order another drink. Got our own catsup salt pepper Tabasco to add to our cold breakfast once it finally arrived. Oh and got a steak sandwich not the steak tacos that were ordered by one of us. Only took another 25 minutes to get the tacos. Really? Scrambled eggs and steak tacos not exactly difficult to prepare. Go, but do not expect attentive and competent service and make sure you have lots of time.
5	Just dropped in for breakfast after reading the reviews here.  Sat out on the cozy patio as today's weather is ideal.  Was waited on by Brittany who was timely and had a sparkling personality.  She was genuinely interested in us as we had a nice chat.  The breakfast was very good and the price was surprisingly low. Can't wait to come back for lunch and dinner. Looking forward to trying some of their yummy looking alcoholic beverages as well.
5	Stunning dining areas (both inside and outside), as well as a very cool atmosphere. Our waitress was super friendly and attentive... Delicious meal and fast, fun service! Will definitely be back to grab drinks and more delicious grub!
5	Dan (GM) is the coolest guy... He keeps all the staff and customers smiling and happy. He really knows service standards and you can tell he genuinely loves his job. Everyone here is happy and having a good time and that's what I like about this place! Good energy!
1	So disappointing! First of all having a local bar in summerlin is rare and when I saw that distill was openings up walking distance from my house I was so excited. So when I show up during the week to have dinner it took 20 minutes to get water another 10 mins to get a server to realize we are even there and then another 15 mins to get drink. The food is decent and forget asking for refills because that takes another 10 mins. Plan on going on the weekends? Well I did and it took just as long to get a drink. Our waitress forgot about us and when she finally realized we ordered drinks she made another waitress serve us. So sad that a cool urban bar is just another waste of space
5	Had a great time!! Will be back, the cinnamon/ orange infused whiskey is awesome!! Brian is a great bartender, pores a great drink!! Not to smokey, really good "bar" food!! A must check out!!!
5	Crystal is great and so is Deena.  Great venue with with a killer happy hour.  Place is a great before or after for a Red Rock trip or can hold its own as your spot for the night.  Menu is huge,  generous portions and extremely reasonably priced.
1	I never complain about a place or take the time to give a review.  This place has terrible service!  Was at the place on a Friday with 4 bartenders behind the bar and only got one drink in an hour.  If they were busy is one thing but to watch the four bartenders talk with one another and ignore customers was ridiculous.  Wanted to order food and more drinks but couldn't get service.  Took me 10 minutes just to flag someone down so I could close out.  Never visit again.
3	I had high hopes for this to be a great place to go after work.  The food was disappointing to outright bad.  The free coffee infused whiskey shot on Yelp is disgusting, they can keep it.   On the plus side, people there and the bartender were great fun!  Maybe I'll try something else when I eat there.
4	Here's the reason for my 4 stars: This place is really cool inside. I remember it when it was the Mexican restaurant. The atmosphere is really poppin on a Saturday night, but my problem is with the bar. They had a party at this place the other night and every bar seat was taken (these are bar seats that have gambling). To bad no one was gambling and half were drinking water. We asked a bartender to get a seat for us and he basically ignored us for 10 minutes. We went and asked a manager and finally she went over and had him move someone. I don't understand why this place has signs at the bar saying "Reserved for Gamblers" but have the entire place not gambling.We didn't win but we did have fun for sure after we got a seat. Bartenders were fast with drinks when you were actually able to get a seat.
5	I agree add more gaming machines, this place is to busy for that bar.
4	I really enjoyed my night out here! I happened to go on the night they had an 80's costume party. The DJ was amazing and so was the atmosphere. They only  have those parties once a year. The drink options were great and the appetizers were  good! Service is good it was just hard to find seating. Will visit again soon!!
1	We were excited to try this new place and then were very quickly disappointed. The appetizer (shrimp & artichoke dip) was so bland and lacked flavor that we traded out the dip for salsa.... No better. All you taste was pepper and again no other flavors. I then ordered the street tacos.... Soooo dry had issues actually swallowing the chicken. My BF got the Distilled chicken sandwich and that's when we found all the salt that was lacking in our other dishes. And to top it off our waitress had a bit of an angry personality. Sadly we will not b returning here. The atmosphere was ok.
3	Been here for lunch and dinner, really does feel like a local joint as opposed to one of those done-up Vegas bars.  The Cure burger was nice, though the buns were a little large compared to the rest of the burger.  Steak tacos had a nice amount of marinated flank steak, which might owe itself better to a fajita or carne asada platter.
2	Place smells a bit of smokey. Our waitress was nice & quick.  Overall,  my first time experience wasn't a Wow factor.  The beers weren't cold. Enough said!
4	Fast,  friendly service. Great local bar but still has more upscale feel. Not a dive bar.
1	Went here the other day and I have to say I was NOT impressed. We walked in and loved the atmosphere right away. I loved the decor and vibe of the restaurant however our actual dining experience was extremely poor. We waited a long time for our drinks and had to ask multiple times for waters while we waited which still didn't come until our food arrived. I didn't receive what I ordered but chose not to say anything and just pick through what I did want.I suspect the food and service was sub par for some reason but it definitely ruined my first experience and I'm not sure I'm willing to try it again.
4	Distill is a local bar that has about everything you need for a good time. Indoors; they have a pool table, large comfy seats, a bar, and plenty of room. Outdoors; boasts a rustic chic style with even more seating and fire places to create a nice ambiance. I often find myself looking up and wishing that my backyard could look like this. The drinks are super affordable. The staff are around enough to get drinks, but not so much that they intrude on your conversation. I have never been hungry while here, but a couple of friends have ordered food before. It is nothing outright amazing, but definitely better than some of the chain bars. Between the inexpensive cost of drinks and cool atmosphere, this is definitely a place I can see myself relaxing.
2	Waited twenty minutes for one drink, put a one hundred dollar bill in the machine and never got a drink again an hour later.    Food at least was very good and given for free because of the service.
5	I'm giving Distill 5 stars because I had a great experience both times I went and plan on going back soon. My roommate and I wanted to go out and try something new. We saw the free whiskey shot with check in offer and figured why not? The first time we came, I ordered the coffee infused whiskey and my roommate got the orange cinnamon infused. We agreed that the orange cinnamon was more our style so that's what we will be ordering from now on. Happy hour is definitely a good deal. $1.99 chips and salsa, $2.99 bruschetta, and $3 well drinks...yum! The chips and salsa were a great deal for only 2 dollars. Spicy salsa and a bunch of chips! As for the bruschetta, the bread was delicious and crispy, good enough to eat alone. But the tomato/onion topping also goes great with it! We ordered fries too that aren't considered happy hour. Just normal cut fries with a hint of salt for about $3. Both of us love fries so we have to try fries at every place we go, and they were pretty tasty here. The well drinks were also a good deal! $3 for a whiskey and ginger ale. They bring it on the rocks though, so next time I will ask for it chilled. Sitting outside just makes my ice melt and waters the drink down. But speaking of the outside..it's wonderful and where we choose to dine every time. They have nice high top tables, and lower seating with couches lining the patio area. Cute fire places and lantern hanging lights. Both times we went was during happy hour but I would come back during regular hours too. It's open 24/7 so we were thinking about trying it in the early morning sometime. The staff was excellent both visits too. Friendly and fast service. One of the waitresses even remembered us from the first time and came over to say hi. All in all a great place.(Both of us are vegetarians/vegans)
1	If you like noise and smoke and don't care about the service along with a manager who ignores the no smoking laws then this is the place for you.
3	I'm giving this 3 stars because I really liked the service and the atmosphere and that's it. The good was not good. My boyfriend and I ordered a couple different things to try and after a few bites of this and that got the check and left to go eat elsewhere.
4	Over the last couple of months, my friends and I have became regulars here. The atmosphere is very enjoyable and usually always fun, depending on what crowd has managed their way in side! During our first visit here, it was extremely hard to get a bartenders attention, and when we mentioned it to the bar back Rob, not only was he on top of the customer service..he got us our drinks and convinced us to come back. As we continued to come back the service has definitely changed for the better.. But I must say, there are still sometimes it's hard to get a drink. That could easily be fixed with just a little more organization behind the bar. The food is absolutely delicious! I'm a pretty picky person for the most part but I'm definitely trying everything on the menu! Mozzarella sticks, salads, wings, wraps, pretzel bites, sliders... It's all delicious!Phil, Dan, Rob and Rick are pretty awesome bartenders! I enjoy coming in when they're working. Rob is usually on top of his game and is always checking up on you to make sure you're okay and if you need anything! There's two of guys that I have not named; that I could careless about due to their attitude. So I try to stay out of the bar when they are there. I've had some crappy service at bars before and ended up not even enjoying my drinks.. At least at this place I know I'm going to have a great time! Anyways great local hangout! Pretty chill, fun environment. See you all there!Rick is by far my favorite bartender here!
4	Nice to have a cool hip place so close to home. Great patio seating and food is pretty good as well......  Welcome to the neighborhood!!!
5	Staff rocks, awesome happy hour, games and pool, awesome outside are (when it's not too hot)
1	1 star because there is no opportunity to give zero. I called 2 times and both times I was told that I would get a call back shortly. That did not happen.  I was trying to set up a going away party for my manager but they never responded to accommodate us. On the first call I was told that I would receive a call back shortly with confirmation,  that was at noon. 4 hours later I had not heard back so I called again. The hostess insisted that she was not trying to ignore me but that she was waiting for a manager to approve our party. It is now 11pm, still no call. I called back for the third time and yet again I am told there is no manager. The guy on the phone ended the call by saying "either I can take a message or I can't help you". For a new bar trying to receive the respect of the local community it just lost 30+ potential customers who had no idea it even existed and sadly work across the street. So much for supporting local.
1	I called to make a reservation for 30+ and was told there is no manager on duty.   They told me I could leave a message and would be called back, but no call back at all.   When I called back to speak to a manager again, they again said there was no manager on duty and that the day crew are the ones who messed it up.   Completely rude on the phone and didn't care for the business at all.   If their customer service is any kind of preview of how their drinks and food are I would run away, and as fast as I could.   I'm from here and I would NEVER come back here, even if my life depended on  it.   Absolutely horrid customer service.   Both people I spoke to were rude and very defensive and blaming each other.  If you are one company you fix whatever is wrong, not blame the "other shift".  It's unprofessional and deplorable.   I will take my group somewhere else for our celebration.
5	I love this patio!  I am so happy that it has a bar and restaurant that I want to go to...again and again! We went for happy hour on Saturday afternoon.  We sat in uber comfy leather chairs to watch the England vs. Italy FIFA match. We started with the free shot with our Yelp check in.  The orange cinnamon infused whiskey was smooth and delicious!  Our servers were awesome!  I started with the Distiller's Delight..  It was so refreshing. Danger Will Robinson!  Warning....they go down very easily!   We ordered off the Happy Hour menu.  The yummy fried artichokes were battered served with a mayo based dip.    The bruschettas were toasted and garlicky served with chopped tomato and onion.  The salsa was smokey and delicious.  The chips were heated but a little on the hard side.  I like my chips to be light and flaky, but at 2 bucks, I can't complain!  My server Laney (sp?) suggested a Jameson and Ginger Beer with 3 lemons.  OMG it was delicious!  We will be back!Update:  We came back for breakfast and were  lucky to get Laney again.  We both got bacon and eggs and shared a short stack.  The coffee was roasty, delicious and refilled frequently. My over easy eggs were perfect.  A side of applewood bacon, crispy hash browns and sourdough toast completed this huge breakfast.  We couldn't touch our supersized pancakes.  We probably will be back for dinner!!!
4	Great patio area and food.   can't wait to go back.   Service takes a pretty long time but its worth it for the chicken nachos.    Nice late night hangOk   So Update...    been back a couple of times now...    Man service is SLLOOOOW, but really I wasnt there for fast service, I was there to catch up with friends...    the outside is the place to be, the inside just feels like another bar.   OK    Chicken nachos...   YUM      Sliders (lots to choose from)   YUM    Tacos...    Had better...   not a fan.     Listen the place is open 24 hours and its close to a lot of things on the west side...     after a certain time of night...   your options are limited...      Im just glad to have a place like this to go to any time of day or night...      the good FAR out ways the bad with this place.    You can check in on yelp and grab a free inused whiskey...    I'm a whiskey fan, but I wasnt a fan of it...    but I do  appreciate it.
1	If you go here I would suggest trying a table and not the bar.  I sat there gambling a good 1/2 hour before one of the 3 bartender even knowledged me.  The sad thing is this is all we have in this area with any sort of atmosphere.
3	Do i like this place? Sure... love it? Not quite. Ive been here several times mainly for sporting events and the seating they have in front of the tv's as if your watching comfortably at home, but with waitresses bringing you food you dont have to clean up the kitchen after! The outdoor patio is nice on clear not so hot nights to enjoy the fireplaces and a good dessert and a drink. The interior is not bad either and the servers have always been super helpful and friendly. BUT my main gripe is the food, as its lacking in my opinion. HadFish tacos - Flavorless, even with a weird sauce they laid over them. Sliders - Dried out meat, and just not dressed with anything special.Breakfast burrito w/sausage - The best thing i had which was just okay but nothing to write home about as how can you mess up eggs, and meat in a tortilla.Bread Pudding - YES! Do have especially if you dont like raisins like me. All in all this place is an okay go to spot in Summerlin for the sporting events, and a bite but i wouldnt come too often as the menu is just kind of bland for me. Points are mainly for the service and outdoor patio area.
5	Another visit another great night. Food is delicious and so reasonably priced. This place should be tried if you haven't been here before. A real gem. Come try it!
5	Great location, awesome food, great atmosphere and AMAZING staff!! New favorite place to go. Has a great outdoor seating area with misters in the summer and heaters/fire places in the winter.
4	I like the ham and cheese omelet and the Philly cheese steak sandwich.  The steak and eggs is okay (you get the steak you pay for.)  Decent enough food for the price; I like watching the World Cup at lunch here.
4	I had just moved back to the city a month prior, and a friend of mine suggested we meet here for a drink to catch up. When I was in high school this place was Agave (a Mexican restaurant), and now it's completely revamped into a great local spot! The outdoor patio is super cute with string lights and comfy seating areas, and the inside is decorated very nicely as well. The restrooms even say "For those who sit" and "For those who stand," haha. Especially compared to the other 24 hour local bars around the city, I would have to say this is my favorite. The only reason I took off a star is because I ordered the sweet potato french fries (which were INCREDIBLE - they even came with their own maple/brown sugar dipping sauce) and I guess there was a miscommunication between the bartender and the kitchen, because I had to ask about 20 minutes later where my fries were. My friend said she's never had that happen to her before, so I assume it must've been a fluke. The bartender was very apologetic and immediately went to the kitchen to see what had happened. Other than that, this place was great! I'll absolutely be returning.
5	I like this place a lot. The food is solid, the drinks are good, and the staff is excellent. Summerlin has been lacking a solid bar that isn't over the top and doesn't feel like a den full of local drunks... this place is the sweet spot.The inside of the bar is comfortable and inviting. There is a separate dining area for those that don't want to hang around the bar. The patio has a variety of seating options and a mister system which makes sitting outdoors relatively nice in the evenings.The wait staff, bartenders, and the manager Dan make this place a standout. The bar is staffed with good people and it shows. Overall vibe of this place is excellent.I've noticed that the crowd that comes here is mixed with both older and younger people. A lot of casino industry people come here and love it. Everyone gets along and great conversations are the norm.This is now my "go to" bar. I will continue to go to Distill with my wife, family, and friends.
4	Have been to Distill many times and have never been disappointed until I ordered the Stromboli.  The baked dough was tough to cut through even with the provided steak knife.  The stuffed ingredients were sparse at best.  The worst part was the dough...it comprised about 80% of the meal.  Not good !
3	Great place to hang after work in Summelin. The drinks are strong and they have some great arcade games and pool
3	The food here was pretty good. It's in line with average bar food. I got the French dip, it was average (nothing special about it) but it was good. The service was very good, the waitress was very attentive. The best part of this place is the cool outdoor patio with misters.
3	I've heard good things so we decided to do dinner here with a friend. I dig the laidback vibe and decor, I love the quirky patio space! It was a bit hot this day so we stayed indoors. Just note this is a bar and is a smoking establishment but it was not smoky when we went. I will probably try to smoke a cigar on the patio one of these days. Make sure to check in, there's a offer for a infused whiskey I didn't see until after we were finished and paid. D'oh! We shared the shrimp artichoke spinach dip. The dip was really creamy and nicely seasoned. It only had a few shrimp on top and it really didn't need it. My philosophy is don't be skimpy as it gives a lesser impression than if it wasn't there at all. Just don't put it at all and offer more quantity of the dip as that was good and we had plenty of unused chips as we polished off the small dip quite fast. I decided to get a black and bleu burger. This was a pretty good burger, not skimpy of the stinky cheese and I like the horseradish sauce though wish it had more kick vs just the flavor. Comes with a side of choice and I picked fries which was standard, but good. Our friend got the Cure burger and between the two, that was the definite winner. That was uber yummy so I took two bites instead of taking a small taste. The fiance get fish and chips. This unfortunately was a bit of a miss. The batter had decent flavor and fish was good but it wasn't very crispy at all and should have been fried up longer. Whoever plated it, should have caught it and let it have a few more minutes. Slaw didn't have much flavor as it barely had any dressing on it. The fries were good. The fish and chips was in the entree section of the menu which comes with a soup or salad. He chose a caesar salad which was actually pretty good caesar and was rather sizeable for a "side salad". Our server was pretty friendly, and was reasonable with checking in on us and refilling. While one entree was a miss, I think we will be back soon as we can see the potential. There is a industry half off happy hour on Weds. starting at 10pm so we will probably come back soon for that and I am definitely in for The Cure!
1	1st and last time for us.  The service was non existent and the place smelled of stale cigarette smoke.   I guess if we were throwing money into the poker machines we would have received better service.
4	Great spot to watch games in summerlin
4	Great staff, casual atmosphere,  and good drinks. Chanel makes a mean Don Julio Margarita! Great patio/outdoor space. I've been several times now. Fun place.
5	GLEN rocks my world!  Not only did he immediately serve me, but his attitude made my whole night.  The reason I have to write this review is because he gave great service to all people around me!  I love the drinks, prompt service and amazing atmosphere! !!  If you want to have a good time come to Distilled! !!
5	Like the sign says "a local bar".  Great food, friendly service, and video poker.  Yes there's smoking, and drinking too!   Finally Summerlin has a 24 hour hangout.  The street tacos were awesome and you get $20 match play for signing up for there slot club.  I can't think of a local bar that surpasses what Distill offers.
4	Decent food, nice bar atmosphere, and a fantastic bartender. She was a short Asian woman who lit up the bar.  Lane or something.  Great hang out spot!
2	Ooooof, I really really wanted to like this place. Especially since it's so close to where I live, it's open 24 hrs, and has the cutest outdoor decor ever! Unfortunately, it was just kinda sad.....the music they played was meh, the food they served was barely edible, and there was a cricket just hanging out on the wall behind our table (we were seated inside in the "restaurant" area...ick...also, our server herself was so afraid of the bug, one of my party had to kill it).  I will say that it was fairly packed in the bar area and seems popular enough amongst the locals? I might come back when I'm itching for a drink at like 10am...but otherwise, I'm sure I can find better places to go for a casual drink.
2	came once before and it was decent, only reason we came back was for a friends birthday.  It has a good atmosphere and they have buck hunter which is always fun to play but the food and service were both bad. ..  won't be coming back
5	Distill is exactly what Summerlin has been waiting for.  They area really hasn't had a local bar scene (aside from those in the neighboring casinos) before and this place really adds convenience and ease when grabbing drinks with friends after work.  Their menu is pretty impressive.  It is a step up from your average bar food and has a very diverse selection (plus pancakes lovers rejoice, breakfast is available all day!)  My personal favorite item is the avocado eggs rolls.They staff is pretty friendly.  Our server was relatively new so she was still getting into the swing of things, but you could tell she was trying so I won't judge too critically. The interior decor is warm and inviting, and the patio layout is kind of fun.   The bathrooms, however, could use an update. Overall, I enjoyed Distill, will be returning and would recommend to others.
4	It's about time Summerlin had a decent pub/bar/hang-out/tavern, whatever the hell you want to call it, it's good they have one. Super friendly staff, not overbearingly so, but attentive. Food was quite tasty, chicken sandwich is da bomb! The waitress said you can get it as a wrap (off the menu) , nice tip, thanks.Few things:1) For yelpers, if you check in you get a free shot of their house whisky. Bad thing is, it's horrible. Cinnamon / orange infused. Pretty much tasted like Triaminic cold and cough. Pass on it, trust me.2) The bathroom sinks...I can't stand these things. Whoever thought a slightly tilted slab of tile would work as a sink...dude, you were waaaay wrong. Give me a basin and save my clothing from the splash back and the whopping 2 inches of space to place my hands under, please. Bottom line: Great place to hang, plenty of room to move, cool staff, great food. Just beware of the bathroom sinks....
3	Today was my fourth visit....Eh... It's always a hit or miss when I come here. Four stars for the Tavern Atmosphere. It is really enjoyable and comforting here to hangout with friends or coworkers after the late night dinner shift. They have a comfortable patio too!  Unfortunately, there isn't much consistency with the drinks, however; I send my liquor back every time I visit or exchange it for wine (because you can't mess that up). I had a pizza here almost a month ago; it was small for the "large" portion, but really tasty. However tonight, it was terrible [both the food and service]. Waitress was not very attentive either.  Overall, this place has potential if the staff and management get it together before downtown summerlin opens up in October. Otherwise, I could see this place closing up shop before 2015. May try again, but I won't suggest to distill to friends.
1	The street tacos were very salty and the avocado egg rolls had a weird guava sauce that made the rolls taste gross. They might want to taste there product before it goes out.
3	Nice little neighborhood haunt with fast service and a wide varying menu.It feels like they are trying to be a neighborhood bar, which is fine, but it feels produced in a way.The food was good and the service was fast and friendly.  What I did not like about it is that it was entirely too dark inside.  I suspect this is intentional, but the downside is that I ended up with someone else's catsup on my hand because it was too dark inside for the staff to properly clean the table.Was a little surprised to see people smoking where food is served.  It is a bar after all, but I haven't seen that in some time.Parking is in a shared lot and easily available.
1	First time in. Looks great inside. Sign said seat yourself. Not too busy, plenty of seats. Sat for 15 minutes, no acknowledgement, so we left. I'm sure no one noticed. Bummer.
2	Distill is a local bar located very close to my workplace. I've been in the area long enough to know that the building they occupy is where restaurant and bars go to die. I thought I'd give this place a few tries before reviewing since I've seen the building change hands from one establishment to another and wanted to give them an extra fair shake. My first experience didn't leave a very good impression since my coworker and I walked into an almost empty building at lunch time and the wait staff was visibly hanging out while preparing place settings in one of the booths and one of the guys appeared like he was taking a nap. Distill has a decent-sized menu so I asked our server what she would recommend and she claimed everything was good. I ordered their street tacos and the chicken, unfortunately, had the taste and dryness of sawdust. My coworker seemed to enjoy his sliders so I thought that would be the play for my next visit. I came back with a small group to celebrate with a coworker who was leaving the company. All the staff seemed awake -- big plus. This time, I ordered a variety of sliders. The philly slider was OK but not worth the calories. The western BBQ slider was like a dry hockey puck. The tiny country fried chicken slider which consisted of 40% bread, 30% mashed potatoes(inside the sandwich), 20% breading and 10% chicken was just inedible. It's probably just my luck that I ordered all the wrong food items. So much for the "everything was good" claim the initial server made. On a positive note, when I returned to celebrate another coworker who was leaving (a recent trend), I realized this place seems like a nice place to just hang out for a few drinks and watch sports on their large TV screens. Sans food.
2	EEKS.... Love the place and what the owners did to it transforming it from a lame Mexican restaurant in the heart of Summerlin to a much needed Summerlin neighborhood Bar / Grill..Food is ok but there are much better places in the area to go to if eating is your main priority. Nice TV'S great for watching the games. UNFORTUNATELY......The wrong staff was hired to handle people that actually gamble. Went in there about 6 times before writing this review... The first time I went in there, a really cool bartender named Lindsey was there who took care of me and she was AWESOME. Chanel also took care of me one night. (5 Stars for them.. no doubt.)Unfortunately. .. there are some male bartenders there that are horrendous and they certainly know how to ignore the male customers.  Maybe because it's such a dude ranch most of the time they are trying to run off the guys? Probably should not run off the gamers though if they want to stay in business. Wish I could hit a jackpot on their tight machines so I could tip them what they deserve. ;)My last trip there some male bartender asks for my Credit Card in order to start a tab even though I'm playing the machines??? First time that's ever happened to me in a Vegas bar when playing the machines. To top it off... actually get handed a tab after playing the machines and losing a hundred + dollars.Crazy.... Great place but the wrong staff was hired for the Summerlin Crowd.  Except for Lindsey & Chanel...  I've been treated like Sh@! here by a couple of the male bartenders that are horrible and grew up in trailer parks in my opinion. Just my opinion..... make Lindsey and Chanel full time on swing shift. Soon as that happens... I'll bump this rating up to 4 stars.Cheers!!
5	I have been going into Distill since they opened. I have always had a great experience (that's for the 5 stars) with all bartenders especially Chanel, Laine, Glen, Rob, Lindsey, Rick and Phil... Unfortunately, this past Sunday 9/21 swing shift, the service was like nothing I have ever experienced at Distill.  I will definitely go back just not on Sunday Swing Shift... I'm going to miss seeing Laine and Chanel on Sundays as they ROCKED IT!!!
3	I feel like Distill *could* be better, but I just didn't catch it on a good day. I met a friend for lunch and was in a bit of a hurry. Unfortunately, despite it not being very busy, the service didn't match my limited amount of time. I even told the server, when she finally came around, that I had a pretty short lunch hour.   She was quite leisurely, to say the least. The menu is pretty extensive, with everything from breakfast to burgers to pizza. Most items were between $10-$15.I ordered the Blanco pizza, and it was fine, if a little bland. The crust was good, though. Not too crisp, not too doughy. The patio area looked really nice, and I wish we'd gone out there, but I completely forgot about it until it was time to leave. I'd probably try it again when I can sit and enjoy myself, but if you're in a hurry, I'd suggest going elsewhere.
4	This is a great place.  A group of friends have met here for happy hour an a luncheon. We had great service and great food both times.  The manager was accommodating for each event. The food is delicious and a good price - not over priced as many places in Summerlin are.  We will go again
4	Went in for dinner earlier this evening. We waited for 40 minutes for just a simple order of omelets. When the order came the toast was hard as a rock and the omelet was made incorrectly. Even though we never mentioned anything, the GM and bar manager, Phil and Jeff, came to our table, sat down and apologized. They then comped our meal and drinks. It's really impressive that a restaurant holds customer service in such a high regard
1	Went on a Friday for a beer and it took 20 minutes to get a drink.  Had to go to the bar to find the waitress.   Then couldn't even get the bill.  The manager said he would just take care of it.  Very disorganized.   Not a good experience.
2	This place was only ordinary. My burger was over cooked and dry. I wanted juicy. Server was great. Disappointed with the experience.
4	Can't beat some beers, pool, sliders, and some good ole Rock n Roll!! All the waitresses are beautiful makes the place a lot better!
5	This place is amazing because it offers a lot of things other bars/restaurants don't in the area - 1. Out doors patio with cozy fire pits and live music on Saturdays.  2. High ceilings so if you don't like smoking you never smell it ever in this place. 3. Saturday and Sunday Brunch that beats any on the strip and don't have to wait in long lines. 4. Several pool tables to challenge your friends to a game. 5. Cozy large man cave chairs to set back and enjoy some football with your crew. 6. Many areas to handle large parties even when not planned because the owner is always around and is happy to make any occasion special. 7. The food is above the normal bar menu ( salmon,shrimp,pizza hand made to order,street tacos) endless choices. 8. Happy hour/football specials (monday,Sunday, Saturday,Thursday) menus. Stop in and say Hello you won't be disappointed!
5	Recently had a chance to check this place out for the first time and I wish it was closer to my house! Finally a cool spot with an awesome bloody mary bar - Saturday & Sunday until 2pm. Go ahead order a bloody mary... You won't be disappointed. There's an extensive selection of fun stuff that you can doctor it up anyway you choose. The plate of bacon was a huge hit with my friends. The food is really good too. I ordered the steak & eggs and it came out perfect. Nice quality new York strip and good portion of eggs. I'm pretty picky about my potatoes but the hash browns passed the test. Other crowd favorites were the Bubble and Squeak and Chicken and Waffles - both recommended by the manager, Kristyne. I also really liked the chicken street tacos. As far as staff, everyone was very nice. Channel & Rick behind the bar took great care of us. Kristyne was very hilarious and kept a good eye on us. Everyone seemed to really care about making sure we had a good experience. I'm sure I'll be back for more of that bloody mary bar!Oh my gosh, I almost forgot to mention how much I liked the bathrooms. Haha I love the angled flat sinks and individual wood stalls, very nice touch!
3	I was visiting a friend in town and she took me here for drinks and some apps. I ordered a Summer Shandy and the Cheese Pizza that was on Happy Hour. A lot of the reviews said the food wasn't that great I noticed. My cheese pizza was really good other than the crust being a little bland. Nothing some Ranch couldn't fix. Our server was friendly and attentive too.I loved their outdoor patio area. It was cool and rainy so we ended up going back inside but I bet it's a perfect place to enjoy some grub and drinks in the spring. Admittedly, coming from somewhere you can't smoke inside, the smell of cigarettes hanging in the air inside was a little off putting. Overall a cool place with a cool vibe if you're not expecting a Michelin-start experience and just want some basic food and drinks.
2	I'm confused...why does it say Italian, breakfast-brunch? The staff and bartenders were awesome!! Their food however, wasn't. You could tell the pretzel bites were frozen and heated in a microwave. My boyfriend ordered the brisket which was very dry. He took 3 bites out of it and had to send it back, even though it was smothered in grease and bbq sauce. The waitress was kind enough to offer anything else in place of the brisket, and they kindly took it off the bill. The drinks are over priced for a "local bar" $10 for a cocktail.
3	I've heard that the burgers are really great here but I only sat at the bar during my visit to Distill. On a Friday night, the environment was a little noisy. There's a full bar w/dinning area. Standard american food menu. The bar tender was friendly and attentive. We had the avocado egg rolls and sweet potato fries, on a scale of 1 to 10, I'd rate the food a 6, not bad but nothing special. This place seems like a good spot to have drinks w/friends, overall it was an ok experience.
1	The bar had a great atmosphere, the bartenders were cool, the food was quite alright, although I didn't appreciate the rudeness of a certain server towards my friends and I.
5	This is our local spot. Extremely comfortable setting with great service. It just feels like a really, laid back, neighborhood spot. The beer and drink selection is great. Only suggestion would be to get a better happy hour food selection.
3	Let me start by saying that Distill could easily be a 4 star place for me. Everything here is great, except most of the servers. I feel the servers have not been properly trained. They'll wait a long time to take my order so they can order my food and drink at the same time. Or bring my food before drinks. Or not offer water before taking my order. The place would be great if they had their wait staff properly trained. Which is really a problem with management. Servers please read the proper process: greet your customers and offer them water, then come back and take their drink order, then come take their food order, then come back and check that things came out correctly and that your customer needs nothing else. It's called "customer service", and it means exactly what it is called. I'd love to see service improved , so I can change my rating.
4	Cool hip spot off strip. Strong drinks amazing mini hotdog bites in bean dip. Deslish. Waitresses there are fun and friendly. I had a blast 2 nights there!  Downside was the beer selection. If they had better craft beers it would have been a 5 star
1	Short pour heaven!!! If you're looking for super expensive short pours this is the place! Wow Martinis half full shots half full even the glass changed every drink smaller and smaller. Ran out of makers mark. Chatted with manager he brought us one new drink and waitress walked away as soon as we mentioned the glass change short pour. I'm a local wish I loved this place but it sucks. I'll never be back here again! Super sucks I hoped to like it. It's my 3rd time haven't been impressed once. BJs is way better so is islands go there instead!
5	The Cure lived up to the hype! Great food and great service.... The bar renders are super cool and the place has a cool local feel to it. I'll definitely be back.
