5	Finally made it to Rocket Fizz since I live on the other side of town.. and I want more of it!When I first stepped into the store, it was a bit smaller than I thought it would be. But it's still a soda/pop drinker's paradise. I went with my SO because I knew how much he loves soda. Especially ones that are hard to find in Vegas.It wasn't really busy, just one other person that was getting a bottle. We were greeted as soon as we walked in and started to peruse the bottles. There were so many! There were so many different brands of root beer! (My dad turned me onto unique root beers and sarsaparillas when I was little so this was a nice "fuzzy moment" for me.) The majority of the drinks are made with cane sugar which makes a ton of difference in taste.They also sell candies both common and unique.The guy that was working was nice, but seemed really bored and just kept walking around in a circle. I figured it'd be the perfect opportunity to ask him about the sodas and which ones were good and what he liked best. That definitely made me feel more comfortable when he opened up. Certainly showed his love for the shop and the drinks.Some of the drinks we went there for were sold out and he informed us that they'd have a new shipment in on Wednesday and to check back then. We ended up getting just a few cold bottles for the road per his recommendation and was not disappointed at all!All in all, it's such a great little shop. I really wish and hope that they decide to open one in the Centennial neighborhood.
5	When I lived in Dallas, I went to a place called "Ifs, Ands and Butts".  I thought it was so novel and cool to have a "soda bar" with all of these drinks that you couldn't find anywhere else.Imagine my joy in discovering this place in my latest 'hood.  My comic run tipped me off to this discovery.  They have a remarkable amount of tasty sodas, things you would never find in a run of the mill convenience store or vending machine.  They have all sorts of things to try, from root beers, cream sodas, fruit punches, things you haven't seen before, and things you haven't seen in a very long time.On top of that, they also have candy, like various types of saltwater taffys, and those are just little bits of chewy heaven, they are.The staff is very nice, and VERY useful for the eternal question "What kind of soda would you recommend?"  They know their business, and have tipped me off on some great drinks.  You feel dirty drinking the more common sodas at other places after sampling some of the goods here.This is a fun, very charming little place, that I hope gets the attention it deserves.  It's a little out of my way driving wise, but since my comic place is almost next door to it, it gives me a great excuse to stock up on some of their more fun and tasty beverages.
4	Final stop for my niece's B-Day ...Rocket Fizz - i almost think this stop was for my sis and i and not her girls. Most of the candies are of the nostalgic variety as are the soda's . I opted to focus on root beer / sarsaparilla's - geez man, how man frickin' companies make this stuff !! I bought 4 varieties. It took the niece's 1/2 hour before they opted on two soda's each along with some candy. One thing that caught my eye ( pic added ) - a Jesus action figure ...Being a born-again, bible thumping Christian - i didn't really know how to react to this - I try to find humor in most things even if it borders on lightening striking my ass - i didn't buy it, though i'm tempted to ...just wondered what the heck to do with it ...I'll be thinking about it for sure. Anyways, the bottom line, i dig this store !
5	I actually stumbled upon this place by accident. It just happened to be in the same shopping center at Tropicana/Ft. Apache that has Tokyo Discount and Maximum Comics. I decided to swing in following my visit to the latter.... and I was pretty damn impressed!Essentially, this is an old-fashioned candy and soda store. Walking in this place felt like going back in time to my childhood, when stand-alone stores for stuff like this actually existed on a slightly larger scale. Upon walking in, two things struck me instantly. One was the decor in the place - tons of those old-fashioned concert posters and photographs of various musicians/actors/etc. There was even a TV showing the original Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory! The other thing that struck me was the sheer variety of merchandise. There are soda bottles and candies everywhere - well over half of which are obscurities I had never even heard of! The sodas are mostly out on display, but several kinds are in a cooler if you don't like your drinks at room temperature. I purchased some sort of blue Jolt Cola, and my girlfriend got a Shirley Temple (YES, this place sells ready-made Shirley Temple in bottles!) Both tasted excellent. The owner was extremely friendly, and had no problem letting me use my credit card despite the fairly low dollar amount of the transaction.Long story short, this is the kind of store we need more of in the Vegas Valley! It's great to have this one, I just wish they would open one up on MY end of town! If you're in the neighborhood, DO NOT pass this place by. There is no better place to indulge your sweet tooth.
5	Love this place.  There are some really unique sodas, and some FANTASTIC candies.  Try the Violet Crunch from Australia.  It's amazing.  I brought my mom here, and she couldn't believe how many cool candies from her childhood she found.  I just wish there was somewhere to sit inside.  They have some seating in the front, but you can't read all the funny signs from out there.
5	Pretty damn cool! I felt like I stepped back to my childhood. Tons of sodas that you can't get here in Vegas. Alot of sodas from back east. Old style candys, some I have not seen in over 20 years. Gotta go there and check it out! They even have Frosty blue and Cheerwine.
5	Fun place.  My favorite so far is the birch beer
4	We found out about this place on Yelp and while were in town, decided to give it a try for their soda tasting.Like the other reviewers mentioned, there is some initial awkwardness but it's quickly resolved by starting a conversation with the knowledgeable staff about what sodas to choose.  I ended up with a pineapple soda, we also tried a cola he recommended and took another sasparilla to go.For candy, they had it all, after seeing they had the violet mints, I picked myself up a few of those as well as some other candy from my childhood and some new twists- pop rocks gum?- for my daughter.It was a super fun stop and if we lived in the area, we'd go back often for the tasting and then bring home some awesome sodas to enjoy at home.
4	I've been meaning to visit Rocket Fizz after reading an advertisement mentioning their "Free Soda Pop Tastings!" Every Wednesday from 5 pm to 8 pmEvery Saturday from 1 pm to 3 pmHowever, I finally got around to visiting on a different day but was so pleasantly surprised with what they offered!Not only do they really offer A LOT of different kinds of soda, but tons of candy too.  You'll find the old school stuff and the new school stuff (Bacon Mints, Banana Flavored Mints).  The Husband really enjoyed their collection of root beer - over 35 different kinds to choose from!  (And they are chilled too, so you can drink them on the spot!)  Their sodas are sold by the bottle, so it makes you feel so grown up and fancy when it's sold this way.They have rotating specials going on - when we went they had a BOGO free soda with your new original yelp review or a book report for those in school that will earn you a free soda too.For every purchase, you get entered into their Weekly Drawings for a case of pop, $20 gift certificate, or a six pack of pop.It's definitely worth checking out - you're bound to find something new and unique while you're there, whether it's a something to cool you down on a hot summer day, or a something to satisfy your sweet tooth.
4	Totally cute place with tons of interesting bottles of soda.  I think they're $1.89 each (with discounts for getting 4 or 6).  Lots of unique candy, too.  Great, helpful, friendly, proactive (in a good way) service.
4	The Skinny: nostalgic sugar rushes here we come!When we entered into the store for their free soda tasting this weekend, it was like a step back into simpler times. From the quirky metallic posters to the large selection of salt water taffy, I felt like a giddy schoolgirl bouncing from one counter to the next. But who wouldn't. The wide variety of sodas on the wall and shelves speaks to the history of carbonated beverages. I was pleased they had 3 kinds of Ramune, the Japanese soda that comes in a bottle with a glass marble.Love the other cool vintage signs and toys they place around the store (yes! they have the action figure Jesus - too funny).Stocking such gems like Big League Chew, Bazooka Joes, and OMG! Smarties (the Canadian chocolate ones not the weird powdery stuff that you get here in the US), what isn't there to love about this place?The only thing that detracts from the 5 star review is their soda tasting. Call me finicky, but they served the soda at room temperature which wasn't so nice. (Soda, my friends, is like beer. You can't drink either of them warm!)  However this establishment still rates a 4.5 star experience!
5	Finally got over here on a Saturday for a soda tasting. What a fun experience! I took hubby & my toddler and we tried some weird sodas. They had about 8 of them set up for sampling. Most were yummy but one weird one was "Spruce" flavored...yes like the pine tree!!Omg..it smelled awesome..the taste was NOT so awesome!LOLWe ended up not buying any that we sampled. But we each picked out 3. Mine were:Saranac Shirley TempleOlde Brooklyn Coney Island Cream SodaSopranos Amaretto SodaHubby got:Faygo Rock & Rye..his fav from back in the dayVernors..also from back in the dayTriple XXX Root BeerWe have both drank Faygo & Vernors growing up but everything else will be a totally new soda to try.We also bought a bunch  of candy as well.So a six pack & a nice collection of retro candy ran us 17 bucks!Not bad at all for the FUN hour we spent here..yes an hour!Do it..you will love it, how can you not?
4	I was killing time, and what better spot than a place that literally gives you that "kid in a candystore" feeling? I didn't want to be lugging bottles of soda to the Yelp event, but gotta head back for some of the interesting sodas. I rarely drink sodas because the conventional ones are boring and filled with junk. Give me a old time treat. I opted for some sweet treats. I was feeling like having some taffy. Their prices for the portion was great! Half bag is $3, full bag is $5.99....that sounds vague, but basically they eyeball it and a half bag was more like almost 3/4 of the bagful and a full bag is one brimming to topple. Quite a deal considering most select-a-taffy would be about $6 for not quite half.  From my childhood there were Sixlets. I dunno why I don't like M&Ms, but I loved those. I grabbed some Cup-o-Golds, a habit I got from my "if I can Step all over him" dad. It makes for a great stop to get a little gift for my stepdad since they have some of his favorites.It's a fun store and there's not many places around like these.I didn't want to go too crazy this time around, but I will be back!
4	It takes a lot to make a bunch of professional adults positively giddy, an emotion more appropriately felt by teenage girls.  But when my friends called me and gushed about their initial trip to Rocket Fizz, a Southwest Vegas candy and bottled soda wonderland, I had to check it out for myself.  I planned a visit if for no other reason than I was a "Big Lebowski" fan interested in finding a good sarsaparilla in these parts ("Sioux City Sarsaparilla?  Yeah, that's a good one,").  A mix-and-match six-pack (with 2 Sioux City's,) later and I'd found a new snack shoppe obsession.  Rocket Fizz shelves all sodas about knee height, and one doesn't have to guess for which demographic that's aimed.  They're loosely grouped by style/flavor - root beers most prominently displayed by the door, followed by ginger ales, traditional and flavored colas, lemon-limes and a full diet section near the back - making it so every time you find one you want you find another you didn't even know existed.  A couple coolers sell ice-cold beverages good for immediate consumption, but most sit at room temp.  The staff is more than willing to offer suggestions, don't be shy, or attend a weekly tasting to discover your next great carbonated craving.If soda isn't your thing but candy is, you've still found a little slice of strip mall heaven.  Rocket Fizz has all the major brands, but you'll find better value for that Snickers at your local market.  The real treasures are the regional treats not available anywhere else.  Cherry Mash, Idaho Spuds, and Mary Jane's anyone???  Plus, lining the back third of the store are serve-yourself taffy troughs the likes of which I haven't seen since spending sandy summers on the Jersey and Maryland Shores.  Name a flavor and don't fret, it's there.The decor is a dizzying array of old reprinted signs and posters which all look available for sale, but you'll probably be too busy scurrying around to notice.  Also, don't worry feeling uncomfortable if you don't bring a child along for the ride.  Rocket Fizz is an equally great stop for the young and the young at heart.  Bottoms up, kids!
4	First of all, I have been busy working on a gingerbread house and I was disappointed that i couldn't find a selection of "penny" candies that are the basic ingredients for a festive look. Lo & behold, I spied their sign and WOW! Talk about sweet inspiration. I literally stumbled upon this place after having a quick lunch at the Paneras next door & I made a beeline for da joint. This place is too cool. Tons of retro candies...and some new ones too. I perused the place and settled on some great candies for decorating and I admired the huge selection of old fashioned sodas. I can't wait to do a tasting and I am going back to put together some gift baskets for our boomer friends who need nothing for Christmas. What a great trip down memory lane that will be. BTW they have very affordable gift baskets already made up which would be a cool and unique hostess gift. I have to admit I held out one star cuz I think a great addition would be to have a little soda counter you could belly up to and dangle your feet while you sip a soda straight out of the bottle and dream of simpler times.
2	Rocket Fizz used to be an exciting place to visit for me, but all that changed a few months ago when new management took over, complete with new suppliers and a vastly inferior drink selection to that previously on offer."Back in the day" I would load up on all sorts of goodies, a dozen different ginger beers, the delightful 'Chocolate Egg Cream' and all sorts of fascinating stuff. These days so much is missing and I'm not sure I can deal with any more fruitless visits and promises of "the missing stock being back soon" - I'm just not buying this line anymore. It's clearly not part of the new supplier's line and from now on I have to make do without all my faves and lament at how their spots seem to have been taken by different Jarritos flavours and stuff available from the "specialty soda" sections of Albertsons, Whole Foods etc anyway.Rocket Fizz needs to recapture the magic the previous management had about the place if they want to recapture my business.
4	If you want to commit suicide by soda and sweets, come here and get your supplies.Rocket Fizz is a great place to find odd sodas and candies that bring back childhood memories.  I visited a similar little store in St. George once, so finding one here that's bigger and better is awesome!  If they have the Jelly Belly Strawberry Jam soda, grab one.  They're goooooood.Great prices, a plethora of soda to choose from and great candies.  I love the Fizz.
2	Rocket Fizz used to be a five star place. They had a staggering selection of rare and niche sodas, every favorite I could ask for, and an enthusiastic staff filled with knowledge and recommendations (and probably large doses of caffeine and sugar). It was the perfect place for any soda fan. Sadly, those days are gone. My regular visits have gotten a lot less regular. The selection has gone from bountiful and delicious to average and boring.Not once since management changed have they had one of my favorites in stock, and I have several. Shelves are now lined with filler you can find anywhere. All uniqueness has blown right out the front door. They can't even acquire a basic bottle of Jolt. As for the staff, well they don't seem too pleased to be taking over one of the hottest shops in town. The whole feel of the place is disappointing and grim. It's a shadow of its former self. But hey, if you're looking for a bottle of Jones or Mexican Coke and don't feel like going into Wal-Mart, this place exists.
5	I've never seen so many sodas in one loci. They look like a never ending train entwining the store.Also there are all the best retro candies and gum. I saw big cherry, and fruit stripe!I'm just sad they can no longer get Blendheim's- best ginger ale in the business. It made me sneeze every time I drank it, it was so spicy. Good stuff. Not their fault though.Good assortment of taffy.Awesome weekly drawings for a shot at a free case of sodas-your choice,can be all different!That appeals to me,gemini! :)What a fun store. They have old-looking ads on the wall too, cuz some of this stuff is pretty dated.
5	You know, it's sad. Before the first time that I walked into Rocket Fizz, my friends and I jumped on to yelp to check out what others had to say. The first review we came across was non to kind the the new owners of the store. Though I thought 'well dang maybe we should just skip this,' we decided to enter! And man oh man I am glad that we did!Step back in time I would say! But not only that the warm chime of a welcome greeted us. The employees no where near the drag I had expected from the harsh review. Though I did find myself, like in the harsh review, asking for a soda that I had heard some time ago that I could get at this store and the new owner more then kindly explained that before the purchase of the store there had been a change in venders, and that do to the change the store was no longer able to get the soda because the vender could no longer get it. Disappointing yes, however unlike the harsh reviewer I will not be up set.One thing that really blew me away was the fact that most of the sodas were in glass bottles!! How cool is that? And all the foreign candy! Japan, UK, Turkey, Mexico, plus more that I don't know. If it was a movie I would give it a two thumbs up. And I will defiantly be back. Watch out Rocket Fizz, you just might have a new face to remember. On top of that they have all the good flavors, in my opinion, of the salt water taffy, and the prices for it are not to shabby, cheaper then what I have seen before. You know another thing that I really liked about the store was how old fashioned it felt. A happy place for any one, walking around chiming that little line of 'I remember getting these when I was little!' And even the old tin signs. I think I am in love. As a collected of novelty things like that I found that I had to by all the Betty Boop ones they had.This is a great place to take the family, and watch out kids, mom and dad will surely be worse then you in the candy store. Because the generations of candy even grandma may find something that will strike up an old good memory.Needless to say, Dentists will be having a hay day soon. All of this good candy and soda, well you catch the drift.
4	Stopped by here a couple months ago and have been back a half dozen times since. My husband LOVES root beer, and he now has an unhealthy obsession with Rocket Fizz (I might too). It's a fun little store that's always playing The Beatles and has a new flavor of pop every time you come. Lots of old-school and hard-to-find candy and a buffet of salt water taffy. If you like root beer or cream soda, this is a place you *must* come visit. The staff are super friendly, and if you get a cold bottle of pop from the fridge they'll open it up for you (these are real bottles of root beer with real lids, thanks). 4-stars because I think the prices can be a little cheaper. Note: if you are friends with them on Facebook, they offer a special $1 bottle of pop on Wednesdays. It changes every week, and you have to mention it to them when checking out.
5	brilliant idea. they have all kinds of concert signs/posters, bottled sodas, and candies from all over the place and from different decades for sale. they also have their own Rocket Fizz bottled sodas. i checked out the free soda tasting which they have every Saturday from 1:00 PM to 3:00 PM and every Wednesday from 5:00 PM to 8:00 PM. There wasn't any customer for the Wednesday, maybe one right when I left, so i took my time here, looked around, and talked story with the guy there who was either the owner or relative of the owner and wished him luck. ended up just trying out the Rocket Fizz jalapeno apple which was pretty good. Bought 5 different soda's that i haven't tried before. Sprecher Root Beer, Always Ask For Avery's Cola, Hank's Black Cherry Soda, Dad's and a Mexicana Cola. They have a large selection of different brands of Root Beer, Creme Soda, Cola, and sodas that taste like food. I plan to keep all soda bottles and maybe start a collection. im fine with it being close to home but i really wished they were in a different location to attach more business and closer to the strip or heavier traffic. they have something here.
3	I'm dropping the star rating... just went back here and they raised prices on the pop and candy.  Then I asked what the buck-a-bottle pop was (it was a Wednesday) and they said they didn't have one.  It seems like they have less of a selection of cream soda and root beer now.  Oh, and the dad was yelling at his daughter about how to use the cash register which made me uncomfortable.  And instead of playing music from the 60's (like lots of Beatles) they were playing crappy 80's music.  Boo.
2	We went there on our last full day in Vegas and weren't too impressed. If you'd like to be rekindled with soda that came in bottles back in the day, then this store would be for you. I was hoping to come across some novelty candies from the 70's or so, but their selection of candies was sparse to say the least. Needless to say, we left empty handed...............
4	I was on a mission to find this certain candy called ICE CUBE.  It was a small square chocolate that just absolutely melts in your mouth like an ...ice cube!  lol.  The candy could be ordered via internet on amazon.com- but can only be delivered during cold season since the candy can melt easily.  My friend suggested try this store since they seem to have almost everything. As my son and I drove up to the store...I was surprised it was kinda small.  I thought it would be much bigger.  But when we stepped inside...I was happily surprised at all the merchandise this store carried.  At least four different types of ROCKY ROAD CANDY BAR.  Candies I have never seen before and Candies I have not seen in the stores for a long time.  AND YES!!!!  THEY HAVE "ICE CUBES"...!!!!  Same price as online.  (.49/ea)...- a lil expensive but well worth to buy a few and take it home.  The gamillion flavors of soda was so overwhelming and my son could not decide which flavor to get.  lol .....I could go on and on about this place but you would have to go there yourself for the experience.  If you have another SPECIALTY CANDY STORE in your area....look for ICE CUBE.
4	What a fun little shop!Me and my 6 year old son have a ritual of hitting the comic book shop next door and then getting a root beer here.  It's our "Happy Hour".  I love the nostalgia of this little soda and candy shop.  Takes me back to the penny candy store we used to visit when I was a kid.aGreat selection of just about every soda you had when you were a kid in some other part of the country.
5	Memories! haha! don't listen to other people's rating.. this one you gotta check it out on your own.. It all depends on your childhood
5	Probably the best candy store in Las Vegas, though I'm no candy store expert.  I do like to support the indies, and this ain't your mall candy shop.  Per piece candy as well as packages, but it looks like their big draw is their selection of indie sodas.  Will definitely be back!
4	Finally checked out this place and I've been missing out.  Huge selection of bottled sodas, candy and taffy.  Very excited to try my "Judge Wapner" and "Bacon" soda.  That'll have to wait, however, because I'm on a crazy sugar high after scarfing 30 pieces of strawberry cheesecake, cinnamon bun, and key lime taffy.  Did I mention they have about 20 different flavors of salt water taffy?There is sadness, however.  They're moving to West Sahara (near the Regal Theater) in late December 2011!   Of course, I finally check it out, love it, and now they move farther away.
4	Totally inspired me to drink soda again! I looooooved all the neat-o choices they have there!!!!!!!!!! Super awesome
5	I'd been meaning to check this place out for a while, and then I got sad when it was allegedly closed for business (according to a very misinformed local radio show), so I was *super excited* when I saw the 'open' sign on the storefront.I walk in and I'm greeted by just awesomeness.  Every candy under the sun and sodas from seemingly everywhere are on the shelves and against the walls.  Charleston Chew, really, you're sold here?  Awesome!  Haribo gummy fish? Yay!  And the wall of saltwater taffy, well, I gave in and bought a bag.  $4.99 for as much as you can fill into the bag (significantly better deal than 15c per peice), and there are flavors that I would have never considered, such as buttered popcorn (I tried it, it was ok, but I won't buy it again), and raspberry lemonade and pomegranate and guava (these I will purchase again for sure).  I really didn't get a chance to look at the soda selection personally (I was distracted by the candy because I really was like a kid in a candy store), but I did overhear the conversation between the manager (owner maybe?) and some customers who were discussing soda options.  From the conversation I overhead and the plethora of sodas on the shelves, I will be back for a soda tasting. And ah, the walls, hehe... lots of retro-inspired snarky posters that made me giggle.  For example: "Some call it bitching. I call it motivational speaking".  And the music over the store's speakers were also throwback to circa 1950s.I dig this place, and I will be back for sure.Go and get your sugar rush!
4	Cool candy store with rows of old and new candies.  Some of it I remember eating as a kid, and some I have never seen before now.  The walls are covered with cool posters of oldies but goodies, like Lucy and Three Stooges, and then there are the bottles of soda everywhere.  I counted so many different root beers, and I kept looking for the one chocolate soda I had as  a kid, but got so confused, i don't know if it was ever found.  A really cool store full of nostalgia and sweet treats.
5	Sodas! Peanut Butter Soda, Butterscotch Soda, Faygo, Jones. You name it they have it. Also, Candy Cigs, and all the candy from my childhood. They also have some from other countries, and a wide variety of Salt Water Taffy. Signs, and fun stuff, and all next to a theater that doesn't check your back pack. :) Heh.
1	Went for their tastings on Wednesday and there were none. Two ladies were sitting behind a counter gossiping about the two other guys in the store being stoners. They seemed to care less about anything and most importantly the soda. Wasted trip out to Summerlin. Nuff said.
5	Talk about feeling like kid in candy store. It brought back found memories for me growing up going too the candy store. The only thing that be missing is selling packs of baseball cards buy pack topps too get piece of gum in every pack. lol! I did see four packs of fleer baseball cards. yay. The varieties of soda from cream, ginger, orange, peach, lemonade, and goes on and on over 100 different types. Lot of the brands they sell are ones never see in mass market chain type (albertsons, smiths, etc) grocery stores. The taffy section pick and choose sell it by weight be in taffy ecstasy. I not big fan of taffy but not hater of it. The candy few that brought back memories Big League Chew bubble gum or bazooka gum comes with comic strip in each one. So much stuff too many too write plus they have whole assortment of vintage signs on the walls can buy. It place that if get sweet tooth on this one stop must in life.The soda if you buy more then one your saving little. My brother and I got six pack, We got all different ones. Excited about trying them out. They have them either cooled down ready too drink or get warm for later. The candy like taffy they sell it by weight. They have gift baskets they have mix selection or hell be creative all the choices make one yourself. If every want candy this is the place too go! It small business locally owned not big chain stores so always nice out support local business.
4	You know what I think was cool about the 1950's? Diners, malt shops and juke joints! Jukeboxes! Drive-in movie theaters! Doo-wop! Rock-n-Roll! Googie/Psuedo-futuristic architecture! The adventures kids had back in those times! Oh, and candy stores of course!You know what I think was disgusting about the 1950's? The willful ignorance that was rampant! The segregation! The racial violence and tension! The severe marginalization of women! The archaic family standards! The advent of suburbia and overly auto-dependent cities! McCarthyism! Terribly misguided public service announcements! The highly religious nature of America at the time! Oh, and the atrocious fashion!Funny how the bad things from that decade have more of an influence on present day society than the positive things.Well, let's focus on something positive! A modern day business that allows you to feel like a kid in a candy store, literally.Taffy? Check. Wax lips (I.E. ONE OF MY FAVES)? Check. Crazy flavors of bottled soda? Check. Old fashioned bubble gum? Check. Vintage posters and advertisements? Okay, those aren't necessarily a requirement for an authentic candy store. They're just there to enhance the experience. This store is definitely the place to go if you are in search for those old-school rarities like moon pies, bottle caps, jawbreakers, big ol' lollipops and mary janes (the ganja-less peanut butter confections). You can even make a bag of penny candy!It's not just the nostalgic candy, however. They also sell sweet treats that you never see in America. Think Ramune sodas and Hi-Chews from Japan, or Vivident gum from Italy. They also have the typical M&M's, Reese's and Coca-Cola for those of us who are less adventurous.The Final VerdictPros:Old-fashioned candy store. Penny candy bags.Various non-edible vintage items available. International/imported confectionsCons:Not daring enough, due to the fact they sell candy that can be found at Walgreen's, CVS, gas stations and Albertson's, all of which are within 1/4th of a mile in the vicinity of the place.Suggestions:Install an old-fashioned soda fountain! Maybe you guys can take it a step further and open a malt shop next door too? *wishful thinkingWill I return? Certainly.
5	I guess Rocket Fizz moved locations and after lunch at Bachi I stopped by. I haven't had commercial soda in years, but once in a while I like to have a nice handmade soda. The BF grabbed some rootbeers which is his favorite and a vanilla caramel creme brulee soda. I ended up with some ginger beers (to make moscow mule cocktails with!) and picked up a soda with lavender.  The lady at the counter was pretty friendly and helpful with finding which sodas to pick. The BFs picks were from her suggestions actually and I grabbed my choices based on what she had to say about ginger beer. Other than sodas (there's sugar free ones too), there are novelty candies and taffy buckets. Definitely stop in for some unique treats!
4	Wow, what a store.  All the other reviews are so much better than I could write.  Suffice it to say, looking around in here is like being a kid again.  Bins of candy--much of it different taffy flavors--are along the walls and there are sodas that you never heard of and some you haven't seen since you were a kid.  As Candace says, "Nostalgic sugar rushes here we come!"After coming to a store like Rocket Fizz, I looked at a lot of things, but I kept looking until I found their fairly large selection of sugar free sodas.  I bought three different kinds and a packet of sugar free Pop Rocks.  How's that for being a kid?This is really a fun place and one at which I'll stop from time to time to try something a little different, a little weird even!
5	This is without a doubt one of the coolest places I've stepped foot into since I moved to Vegas. I've had Rocket Fizz bookmarked for a while and today found me over on West Sahara with 15 minutes to spare. Thanks to the Yelp app and GPS I realized I was only 2 minutes away so off I went. It turned out to be one of the best last minute decisions I've made in a long time. Where to begin? Taffy! The North wall, at least 20 feet of it is lined with a long row of various flavors of taffy! I grabbed the big bag and smiling from ear to ear had a field day picking out various flavors. Then it was on to the cooler where I found sasparilla root beer, and all sorts of bottles of soda pop, some of them I haven't seen for years. And we're not talking the HFCS types, we're talking cane sugar sodas! The good stuff!I asked the owner if she carried two things. Abba Zabba bars, and Chase Cherry Mashes from the Chase Candy Company in St. Joseph, MO. She had both! This was very dangerous territory. I was the proverbial overgrown kid in a candy store with various payment options at my disposal. Must show restraint, must show restraint....I kept telling myself that. I exercised that restraint and kept the damage to $12....this time. But next time I make no promises. This is a wonderful store with things you won't find anywhere else. Toss in service with a smile and I've got a new 5 Star, Best of Las Vegas favorite. Oh and the taffy? Awesome, AWESOME STUFF! You  really gotta check this place out if you haven't already!
5	I have a regret to share: I didn't buy enough taffy! Seriously there is something really good about this taffy. So much so that I haven't touched the Cherry Mash I bought. It's been like all taffy, all the time since I brought it home. When a chocoholic puts down the chocolate for the taffy....do I need to say anything more? A resupply run will be necessary very shortly.
4	Yes, I felt like a kid in a candy shop.  Definitely a place that will make you smile with all the retro goodies inside packaged in such colourful boxes!  Upon entering, you will see the great wall of soda on your left, the saltwater taffy bins on your right, and stupid amounts of sugar in front of you.  Nerds, Fun Dips, Cadbury products, Hershey products, Pocky....it was hard to choose any one thing, so hubby and I got a few, including a small bag of assorted taffy candy.  (The cinnamon roll taffy really does taste like cinnamon roll!)Come here for the nostalgia, if not the actual candy/soda pop.  Counter person could have been a bit, er, sweeter -- I mean, come on, you work in a candy store! -- and a number of the taffy candies seemed on the hard side.  (Tip: try squeezing a taffy candy to test freshness.  If it's hard as a rock, chances are it's been sitting for a while.)
3	I remember visiting this store at their last location and I had a great experience there. The attendant was super friendly and was eager to point out a lot of products that. We just finished having lunch at Bachi and I was excited to see the new location. There was a group of people at the counter cashing out and the attendant was cheery but after the group left there were no more smiles and we didn't even get a hello. After hearing the attendant answer one of the other patron's questions like a machine I figured it was time to leave. Still a nice selection of products but the service matters to me too, and my last experience here set the bar pretty high.
5	Crunchie bar, zero bar, harbor, TAFFY!! Tis place is amazing.
3	Cute store! Lots of nostalgia to look at. Would have loved to have bought the red ropes but they were near the front window & hard as rocks. Same for some of the taffy I bought. Prices seemed reasonable.
4	Last time I was there, the lady behind the counter mentioned that they do get different kit kat flavors and they sell out ASAP. I was looking specifically for the green tea kit kat bars I found in Kyoto, Japan, but haven't found them since!  Will keep checking in with them. Great selection of other candy!
5	If you love soda than this is the place. I love the dif root beers they have there it's an amazing selection! one of the best stores in las vegas hand's down. I could go there veryday nad try something new and I would never ge tired of it at all
4	My friend and I came in here while we were waiting for a table at Bachi Burger a couple of doors down.  Check out my review of Bachi, it wasn't worth the 30+ minute wait.This is a cool a$$ candy and soda shop.  All types of unique candies and sodas made with real cane sugar vs the fructose and other crap that most sodas are made with nowadays (pics).  There is also a location in West LA.  My friend and I walked around, grabbed a bunch of stuff like Zotz, ABBA ZABBA and other $hit I shouldn't be eating.  I also personally bought some candy necklaces.  I am not sure why I like those damn things, other than I used to give them to the girls back in grade school before hollaring became hollaring - LOL.Too bad all things were not all "sweet" that night.  We should have went some place other than Bachi Burger for dinner - lol!
4	Came here after eating at Bachi Burger. Nice selection of "old" and new candies. Wide selection of sodas, regional stuff along with old national brands. Brings back memories. If I lived here or was staying longer I would've tried some of the sodas....next time. Couldn't leave without getting some pop rocks and double bubble gum!
5	Great old memories, I love coming in and looking at the bottles of soda and all the candy, some of it is everyday stuff, but then there is the old stuff, from my childhood, I cannot recall how many times I had a slow poke, or holy cow, red hot tamales, or the taffy.  I picked out a small bag of mixed taffy and of course my chocolate holy cow.  I also picked up two bottle sodas, a cherry creme soda, and an orange crush.  They weren't cold, since I was going to drink them later but they do have them in the fridge if you want to drink them right away.At checkout, I asked the cashier if she was every tempted by any of the candy or soda, and was surprised by her answer, that she never drinks soda and isn't a fan of candy, so she's never tried any of it.  Hard to believe, but it takes all kinds.
4	I love coming to Rocket Fizz and i love bringing people who have never been before. They have such random delish sodas and a lot of old school candy. The Prices are great. My only complaint is some of the employees are not very friendly. If it wasn't for that it would be a 5 out of 5.
4	Cool, kitschy spot with loads of soda pop, candy, and nostalgic posters of times gone by. With the Beatles blasting on the sound system, my teenage son and I bopped along the aisles trying to decide which candy and soda we wanted. I spied a childhood favorite in Bottle Caps (love the root beer) and my son went with Starburst (I guess that's his childhood favorite!). We also had a bottle of soda each, black cherry and sarsparilla. Fun place for kids of all ages.
5	Rocket Fizz is just an amazing place to walk into. I'm a Henderson resident, and I find myself now trying to plot trips out to Summerlin just so I can browse some sodas, buy a bottle or two, and try something different. Their selection is amazing, and at $2 a bottle reasonably priced for a specialty shop. I've seen plenty of Coke machines sell for over that price. My favorite soda so far is the store brand green apple jalapeno. Drink slowly, burping with this is painful as I discovered!Their candy selection is also pretty impressive, but I have not partaken in that part of the store. The staff is wonderful, especially during the sampling time when I walked in.Just a unique store that is a pleasure to browse before a movie.
5	Specialty and one of a kind stores usually get 5 stars from me if they have a great product and service!The staff is super sugary sweet and informative at this cute store just as I would expect.We wandered in to check it out on the way to the movie theater as it caught our eye and I just had to see it up close!Wow such a wide and rare collection of nostalgic candies and rare sodas! They also have the cutest art such as tin signs and magnets etc!I wanted everything in this store my eyes were wide open and my mouth was in ahhhhh just like a kid in a candy store...well wait I was!We had a movie to catch so I refrained from buying anything this trip, however we will be back and soon!!!! This is the perfect place to go and put together a one of a kind special gift basket for someone! They have that option as well, you could create the best gift in the world and Christmas is coming soon so you have to get here and shop!
4	Cute little shop with a wide variety of goodies! I really just like walking around here and trying different things, some from my childhood and others I've never even heard of before. Parking is kind of a pain in this area right now, but there are usually some short-term parking right in the front of the store. Cashiers are always cheerful and helpful and although kids are excited to come in here, they don't go all crazy and disturb your browsing. I went here hoping they had Green Tea Kit Kat, but so far I have yet to find a place in Vegas that carries it. New inventory item, perhaps? :)
5	An old fashion candy store! What's not to like.I've been in here several times and have made several purchases. Even if you don't buy anything it's fun to look around.I won't buy the corn or bacon soda again but it was still fun to try such a product.
4	Very retro place and fun to just go check out.  All the old time candies were found here.  Plus soda tasting is available on certain days.  Faygo Man!!!!!
4	CANDY CANDY CANDY.When you walk in it is fash back into the willy wonka factory.  There is alot of candy selection and soda flavors. We went during the week and it was very dead but the sales clerk was friendly.  The store was clean and organized. It is a fun place to go and check out for a quick sugar fix.
5	I know it's terrible for you, but I think I have an addiction to carbonation.  This place is a dream come true.  I don't think I'll ever be brave enough to try all the different types of soda available, but I'm glad the option is there.The novelty candy is another plus.  On impulse we bought a bag of Warheads.  It was a mistake we had to make.  I'm pretty sure we didn't have any taste buds as kids because those candies are absolutely terrible lol.But it's a good time.  A nice little trip in there before a movie at Village Square could be a perfect date.
5	While walking with friends through the parking lot headed to Bachi Burger I noticed this place. I mentioned it to my friends and that I had seen in on yelp so they suggested we stop in and check it out. Upon entering the store I didn't know where to start. To my left was a wall of soda, to the right was a bunch of eye catching novelties, and down the middle of the store was a variety of candy that I hadn't in years seen and some that I had never even heard of. As we made our way through the store an employee came over to talk to us about the varieties of sodas they have. I saw so many that looked good. I chose a brand called "Sprecher" and it was "Cherry Cola". DELISH! I hope they always have these in stock because I loved it! My friends picked out one and really enjoyed theirs too. They have tons of flavors so you might be able to find one from your childhood you didn't know you could get anymore or you might find one you never even knew about but wan to try. I felt everything was fairly priced. The store was clean and well organised. The employee who helped us was very knowledgeable and helpful! Stop in and check Rocket Fizz out they have something for everyone and every age!
5	They have brownie caramel cream root beer!!!You have got to check this place out. This is the most awesome take you back in time make you feel like you're a child days place. Needless to say it rock not only because it has all the old nostalgic drinks but because you can also pick up neat and interesting tin signs that are awesome for decorating. The staff was extremely helpful and what I thought was great was that the lady had her own stories about remembering certain drinks when she was little. The candy was spectacular and they had a ray of assortments anything from the old maryjane candies to mint m&m's.Will definetly be making another stop here for sweet goodies :)
5	Leninade and Zotz!!!!! Huge selection of retro candy and an amazing selection of soda, most of which I have never heard of and would take a few weeks to drink them all. Bought a 6 pack and sampled a few flavors, tasty! (If you go to Bachi Burger, head over to Rocket Fizz right afterwards, its next door)
5	This is such a neat place and somewhere that I really hope sticks around! They have all kinds of unique and one of a kind sodas and candy as well as the sweets of our childhood! I found so many things that I thought simply werent made anymore -avast, candy loving matey, they are here! The staff was pretty nice and this is a cool place to take kids and show them tons of candies theyve never seen. We will be back!
5	this place is awesome
5	Super fun store to visit!We found this place while going to a different restaurant for lunch.  My hubby is a candy-holic and I am a soda junkie, so this store caught both of eyes.  When we walked in, I was automatically drawn to the numerous varieties of root beer and cream soda, not to mention all of the crazy flavors they had as well.  Yum!  My hubby had fun looking at all of the candy they had too.  My favorite candy section was the wall of saltwater taffy.  Double yum!The sales lady was helpful too.  I had questions on the different sodas and she was like an encyclopedia of info on the flavors.  I ended up getting several flavors of Sprecher's soda because they were all made with honey.  I have only had the Cream Soda to date and it is AMAZING!  The prices were very reasonable on everything in the store.  So many fancy candy places in town ream you on the price, but this place seemed pretty fair.  I will be back for more fancy soda for sure!The only thing I was disappointed about was the soda tastings that Yelp told me about when I checked in.  We were there during the time frame, but no tastings were going on at that time.  Sad.
4	Found this cute little shop when helping a friend find a certain sods. So we came and wow blast from the past. The haribou bags, the asian gummies, and the pop rocks! Weren't those banned as kids? LolWent with the redrageous mike and Ike, got some hello kitty jelly beans and their brand of cinnamon bears. The service was helpful as they were patient and kind in helping us find things. They even have the old school metal lunch boxes and star wars pez dispensers. My friend got a 6 pack of soda and they have a punch card if you buy a certain amount of soda at once. Have to go back and try different things.They did have some of the candy bars from Canada that are memories of summers for me. However limited selection and not the ones I wanted and they said they couldn't get them. Only 4 stars as had trouble finding things in the store as the same candies weren't always grouped together.
5	This is the coolest store ever!! So much stuff to choose from, the selection of candy and soda is soo cool I want to buy the whole store lol I didn't actually buy any of the sodas but Ill deffinately be back to try some lol
5	My parents had come to town and my mom was asking if I knew the name of this candy that had licorice in it. I had somewhat of an idea of what she was talking about but couldn't think of the name.  I searched Yelp for old-fashioned candy and Rocket Fizz came up in the search.  I remember other Yelpers talking about this place so during the time they were here we made an effort to head over to this side of town! This is a really fun store!  You walk in and its a sugar galore!  So many things to choose from.  We scanned the shelves for the candy my mom was looking for and didn't see the candy and finally she asked.  The woman behind the counter knew the name but they do not carry it which was a bummer. I did pick up some favorites the Curley Wurley(a reminder of my time spent in England), the Chick o' Stick and a bottle of Dad's Orange Cream Soda which reminded me of the local bar that we ate at as a kid. My dad was laughing at the signs that they had lined along the walls.  They were pretty funny.  There was one with 4 Evergreen trees.  One had been cut down and the saying said "Who Cut One"  We couldn't help but laugh!  I may have to send that to him for Christmas!  I'll go back here another time for sure!  I can't wait!
4	Ok... I had wanted to check this place out for a while. Finally made it in. Peanut butter soda....- NO. Horrible. That said on to the important candy! Fun dip-yes please. Sesame wafers-yes please. I'm a child of the 80's and there wasn't a candy I could remember not there..some things were priced a bit high but what isn't now days?!
5	Extremely impressed with the quality of service, and variety of candy and soda's.
5	I love this store. There's candies from when I was a kid that I have been trying to find and randomly I went to jolibee and I saw rocket fizz and saw all the awesome prank stuff I used to use and candies and strange flavored sodas like ranch and chicken flavor, hot sauce flavor. It is just an all around awesome store. Definitely recommend people to check it out! :)
4	It was largely curiosity that brought me in the door and as much as I don't fancy packaged candies and the like I must say the selection was impressive and the overall feeling of the store is quite inviting.  From house-brewed sodas to pop celebrating famous dictators and candies both new and old there is a whole lot to discover here...and if that isn't your thing, well, I guess you could pick up a Justin Bieber cutout or a "grow your own girlfriend" novelty to go with the bacon cola or sweet corn soda.
4	This relatively small store is jam packed to the brim with all kinds of candy and sodas, including a very large variety of pop rocks. The prices are overall reasonable, except for the chocolate bars with pop rocks embedded within which was an alarming $8 -- seems steep, no? The one thing that scared me over and over again is that they had a lot of cardboard cut outs that kept startling me as I browsed the store. Staff was nice and not pushy as we slowly browsed through all the candy options.
5	Remarkable customer service, super fresh candy, huge selection of Pop and this fun, contagious, vintage vibe that transports you to your childhood immediately upon entering!! And he takes Bitcoin! We'll be visiting Rocket Fizz every trip to Vegas, no doubt!!
4	Hot diggity do I love this little shop! It's one of the most fun places to browse, especially if you love candy. Rocket Fizz has all sorts of candies that you'll remember from your childhood, even if you are a baby of the 1950s, 60s, 70s, 80s, 90s, etc. The bottom line: if there's a candy that's still being made, you'll find it here. Minus one star due to the pretty sad selection of sugar free / no sugar added candy and sodas. While I'm happy there were a few more selections of diet root beer than last time, it's still nowhere near enough options. (Transplanted Southerners will be happy to see the Diet Cheerwine soda)! As a person who has to avoid sugar, I am aware of pretty much every sugar free / no sugar added candy known to man and there are so many more options that could be on the shelves here.Check it out before or after a movie (it's located right next to the Regal Village Square theater) for a sweet treat. Friendly owner, great customer service, and an all around fun little candy shop.
4	We stopped by this place after a lunch at bachi burger. The candies and treats here satisfied my sweet tooth. I've been to a rocket fizz before, but the one in westwood. I like this one a lot better because they had more of my childhood treats. Me and my brother really enjoyed looking at the candy and going down memory lane together.they also had cadbury chocolate varieties, which I thought only sold in the uk. In addition, the worker there was like a "present time willy wonka" as my brother says. We also got a free taffy candy for answering the question on the counter correctly.Overall, a very pleasant visit from time to time.
5	My family and I loved this store. They had all kinds of sodas & candy, some you've never heard of and some that you may have enjoyed if you were a kid back in the 60s & 70s. They had bacon flavored taffy & bacon flavored cotton candy and other bacon flavored items.  We were at the Summerlin store tonight. First time at this store and we were in there for at least an hour Didnt catch the guys name that was working there tonight, but he was very friendly & helpful with telling us about all the different candies and suggested sodas that he liked. We will definately be going back here soon.
5	Found this gem while going to my barber.  Fantastic selection of soda and candies.  I strongly recommend.  There is no candy they don't have!!!!!!!  Wow....
4	WOW. This is a terrible place if you're dieting (or thinking about dieting). I got a selection of saltwater taffy and was pleasantly surprised to see the variety of flavors. There were many flavors I've never seen before (chocolate chip cookie, frosted cupcake and a few others). As of writing this, I've tried a watermelon and berries and cream piece and both were delicious. We also bought a six pack of different types of cola: we're big fans of soda and can't wait to try it. There was also a chocolate frog from Harry Potter- I was really excited to get one! It's a really fun store; it's almost an overloading experience to walk in and see so much candy and soda.
5	This place is awesome.  I mean... awesome!Even my little one year old son, was pointing around at things which meant that there were a lot of things that caught his eye (he doesn't know what soda and candy is yet, so it was the signs that did it for him).Walls of soda, and candy that you haven't seen in years.   They actually had the candy cigarettes that I thought were completely gone.   We actually walked in thinking there was soda fountain drinks and walked out with some Mechi candies and some out-of-the-world drinks.Brilliant idea for putting next to a theater since it has so much selection that it's a kid's dream come true.  Forget movie concessions.... give me some Rocket Fizz!
5	I think this has been said in pretty much all of the other reviews, but there is just something special, dare I say magical, about this wondrous store. One step inside and a wave of nostalgia washed over me as I was taken back to my childhood. This store truly hits me right in the feels.The walls are lined with candy and bottles of soda, many of which I have seen before and quite a few that I hadn't. Their selection is truly astounding and many items on display are imported from different countries.Rocket Fizz is the perfect pit stop before checking out a movie at Regal Cinemas across the way if you are looking to smuggle in some sugary goodies past the ticket clerks Han Solo style. Not that I would EVER condone doing something like this. Ever. Not once. : )
5	So who doesn't like candy? Willy wonka eat you're heart out this place has a huge selection of sweets. They also carry the all time champ of gummies HARIBO...gotta have my HARIBO fix :). Another thing is the staff they are manned by a couple of young adults they are courteous and clearly enjoy working with people. I think ownership should promote them especially the guy who works there he is always running around always cheerful and ready to help customers. Another nice thing is they are about 5 minutes from my house and they are located next to the movie theatre which makes it easier on the pocket book when loading up on movie sweets.
4	My wife picked me up a12-pack of variety root beers for my birthday.  The root beers were so good I had to return to the source. What a variety of sodas and candy!Picked up another 12-pack of sodas for $17.99.  For root beer, I highly recommend Hank's, Virgil's, and Dad's.Definitely a place to take my kids on their birthday our special occasion.The staff was very personable, polite, professional, and informed on their products.  The employee that helped me made several recommendations based on the sodas I like.
5	Gah soda is my addiction, and this place is my dream come true. They have nearly everything here, from old style sodas to new age sodas. They have a few selections form other countries, the most notable being the ones from Japan. I had some years ago in Japan and have not been able to find some here until now. They also sell all kinds of classic candy.Everything here is organized according to flavor- lemon/lime, orange, root beer, cream, novelty, cola, and so on, so if you have a favorite flavor you can find it easily and see what other companies have of it. You have try some of the novelty sodas like the Chocolate soda, the 'gross ones' like the marshmallow flavored pus one, and the Almond cream. So far these have been my favorite, but since they have such a huge selection I am sure I will find others.
4	I had visited the location on Eastern a few days previous and wanted to check out this location. I had some time and so called a friend and off we went. However, I guess we didn't pay enough attention because we got there well over an hour before they opened. But once we went in, we were in candy heaven. Yes, some of the prices were on the high side, and it was kind of an organized mess in there, but the sales people were very friendly and helpful and we had a great time going through the candy. I found some things that hadn't been at the other location and ended up buying a good $10 worth of candy that I really don't need at all. (Plus, we bought chocolate, which, with this heat, didn't last the ride home before melting so it wasn't exactly the best idea.)I'll be going back within the next few weeks to pick up some candy to make candy bouquets for my dad's 50th class reunion. We'll see how it holds up on the trip to Hawaii.
5	I love this place! Staff is always friendly! There's the coolest stuff inside. Every soda I could think of. I love it!
5	Love love love all the sad flavors and this is the only place in town I can find Harry Potter candy and butterbeer :). My boyfriend loves the green river soda so we will back again and again. They are always friendly and now have a punch card for discounts! Awesome place for gifts and out of the ordinary stocking suffers and b day treats.
5	I love this place like a fat kid loves soda.And I am a fat kid that loves soda.They have amazing selection to choose from, and just about every flavor you could imagine (including alien poop). The place has a nice retro vibe to it and the old school candies and sodas to match. It's just fun in general coming here and looking around, even if you're not a candy fan.My friend and I love buying a crap ton of soda from here and sneaking it into the movie theater (the struggle is real mmk) and I must say, I'd spend dozens of dollars on these goodies over any other garbage offered at the retail stores.By the way, alien poop is great. Open your mind and just try it.
3	Can't say much that others haven't before me- stopped in with my sweet-tooth BF. I don't really care for sodas or candy, so I'm not really part of the target audience here. Appreciated seeing the many vintage or limited-edition items and signage, though.In addition to eatables and drinkables, there are some novelty items- picked up a few items as gifts for a friend. Would come back to get a selection of oddball treats as a white elephant gift or to look for a particular sweet for a friend.
5	Possibly the most visually stunning store of all-time!  Cool store, cool bottles, and cool signs (all for sale).  This store is like a candy colored amusement store for big kids (adults) and little kids.  The first time I walked in there I could not believe the variety of sodas from all over the world! It's incredible to buy Australian Bundaberg Ginger Beer here in Las Vegas.  Yet, they have it and all other brands and flavors.  The guy behind the counter is super nice and very knowledgeable.  Bring the kids - it's a great time for everyone!!!
5	My son got five dollars for his birthday so we decided to take him to the candy shop to spend his money. CJ helped us locate chocolate marshmallow cups and suggested candies to my husband based on the items he had in his hand. It's a great store with a wonderful selection of American and international candies.
5	Blast off into kid heaven!We love this store! Candies, chocolates, sweets and treats. All shapes and sizes. Even ones you can't normally find. We walk around ooooing and awwwwing at stuff we haven't seen since we were kids. I loooove the metal signs hanging along the walls,  I read each and everyone. While you're there,  check out the refrigerators along the wall with drinks off all kinds. It's always hard to come to a decision on what candy I want to take home. Too many choices, and I'd really like to just say "Can I get one of everything!" but I end up with something dark chocolate or a sour candy. Don't forget on your way out to check the tiny whiteboard by the counter, figure out the riddle and get a free taffy. I'll be back to get my cardboard cutout of Jax Teller and my dashboard zombie!
4	This place is the coolest candy shop I have ever walked into! Not only does it have every candy you've ever imagined or dreamed of eating at a kid, they also have soda pop and root beer in the awesome oldstyle glass containers in every flavor! I don't know how they fit so much into this shop but, it's also really organized and easy to spot things out. You can buy soda for later or enjoy a fresh cold one from their refrigerated section. Another cool thing that they sell here are metal signs with superheroes on them! Home decor too? Yes please! I believe the man who was ringing me up was the owner because everyone in the store seemed to know his name and were asking him questions and he was really outgoing and seemed excited to be there, which is what I love to see. A+
5	I've been to a few specialty candy shops but this is by far my favorite.  The person working(owner?) was so helpful and had THE perfect personality for someone who runs a fun and quirky candy curio shop.  There was so many items and the number of different taffy  flavors was amazing.  I also loved that he posts a little riddle for customers to figure out to win a piece of tardy.  This was a wonderful experience and I really hope more people become aware of it.
5	Rocket Fizz is the most hip candy shop in Vegas. It has a great variety of candy and soda pop, and it is one of the few places that sell the delicious Bueno bars! I love going in to buy different handcrafted sodas, and the bottles are nice to keep for decoration or collection. The staff is always very friendly, helpful, and there to brighten your day. Rocket Fizz even makes adults feel like a kid in a candy store again!
4	I patronized this throw back candy store for Small Business Saturday, which gives AMEX holders $10 back on a $10 purchase. Yippee!I was looking for a gift pack of retro candy (60s, 70s, etc) which they didn't have. Plan B was a cool retro tin sign for my home "bar". Plenty of those babies covering the walls! The signs run about $15, and they have different themes such as humor, bar decor and automotive. I've had some of their soda also, and they have weird flavors (I like 'em) and all the old favorites. It's fun to see all the candy I used to enjoy back in my tweens! This stuff does not come cheaply, but it will bring a smile!
