2	So this place sits facing the Pussycat Dolls blackjack tables, hence, it is loud as all hell. The loud comes from the tables, as this small restaurant is completely open with no walls to separate you from passersby on the walkway. We were seated immediately but not acknowledged for a good 15 minutes or so. Drink orders were taken as well as food orders, as we were all starving by then. Food didn't come for another 40 (forty?!?!) minutes and here's how it went: One plain cheeseburger was cut in half as requested to split between two children. One cheeseburger didn't show up. "Oh, I thought you wanted to split that between the THREE of you." Um, one adult splitting one burger between herself and two kids? Never heard of it. One burger was raw in the middle. As in, red-mush raw. And one order was perfect in every way: a breakfast burrito which came with eggs, french fries, and sausage gravy wrapped in a warm tortilla with a side of more french fries. So yeah, service leaves much to be desired and I dont know how clean the kitchen is but the cooks certainly aren't that attentive to their raw-meat-handling either. This is a fairly new spot (I hear it opened in March 2010) so maybe they still need to work out the kinks. Salmonella kinks.
2	Nothing special about this place at all especially since most entress are in the $15 range. Combine that with a $3 soda and you're talking about a $20+ lunch. Just not worth the price unless maybe if you're drunk coming out of Pure.
3	A nice place to grab a bite if you're staying at Cesar's - nothing worth traveling for, but much better than the food court for not much more money.The restaurant was empty but service was still slow.I highly recommend the cucumber gimlet - its not too sweet and not too strong.  Also the sweet potato fries were great and the burger was solid.The lobster rolls are just bits of lobster in 3 tiny hot dogs - I'd opt for something else.  Portions for the appetizers are somewhat small for the price.From the look of this place it thinks its super hip, but really its more your every day American food.
4	It was great to have lunch and watch FIFA games at the same time. Energy of the crowd was great! Food was pretty good. Great drinks! Service a little too slow but considering that there was only one waitress to our area, it's understandable. I usually don't like burgers but my jalapeno burger was incredible. The fries were probably the best I've ever had. They were even good when they got cold. There was a cucumber drink, can't recall the name but it's perfect for hot weather. Gonna be back for that drink for sure!
2	This place is a joke! We stayed at the Caesar Palace for the 1st time and while waiting for our room to be ready stopped by for a bite to eat.Well the bite to eat took about 1.5 hours; though there were only about 4-5 tables occupied (about 1/3 of the place).We ordered a turkey burger and a regular medium done burger.3 tables were sat after us, all 3 got their food before us; one of them sent their burger back and got a new one, while we were still waiting on anything at all to eat.When we asked about it the waitress said: sorry, but it's not my fault; it's the cooks' fault. Well, that helps to know!Our order came out about 25 minutes later. The medium burger was over-well-done - it was dry!When it came to get the bill the manager comped us with a free beer."Dear Munchbar, we can have all the free beer we want by stepping outside of your stupid cafe and gambling at the casino. We don't need a free beer; we need our food on time and made the way it was ordered!"One positive note though, my turkey burger was amazing! which is the only reason they got 2 stars from me. It was topped with stuffing!!! and french onions on the bottom - it was like thanksgiving dinner in a sandwich! If you don't mind the horrible service - you should try the turkey burger. I think I'd rather spend my money on a different food joint next time...
3	Good place to grab a drink or some quick bite. Much better than fast food, just not fine dining (like you would expect from the name).Very good fish tacos. Good chicken tenders. Cook time can be unusually slow.
2	Now I know a waitress is going to give the lowest priority to two people trying to split a caesar salad and a couple drinks, but for a early Friday afternoon where the place was not at all packed and for a single entree, the service was snail's pace slow.    Our sodas were refilled maybe once in a half hour.  Our salad took about as long to prepare.  The bill made me wish I'd just trundled into nearby MESA.The view of the Pussycat Dolls gaming area was pretty yawn-inducing as well.  I understand being triaged according to the tip possibly yielded, but that was ridiculous.
1	Went into Munchbar looking for a late evening snack. We saw ice cream on the menu and decided that's  what we wanted. After placing our order and waiting an interminable amount of time, we tracked our server down. She went off in search of our order. She reported dutifully to us that "I can't find the guy who is supposed to make the ice cream."  I told the server it was okay, just get us the bill. Off she went again in search of our bill. After watching her talk to a guy in a suit at the register for bit, she returned with our bill and off she went. The guy in a suit looked over our way and went back to the much more interesting group of young girls sitting in the corner. We paid our bill and swore never to set foot in an establishment that "can't find the guy who is supposed to make the ice cream"
5	stopped off for a bite before shopping at Cesar's SO glad we did. the decor and atmosphere is refreshing in Vegas. our drinks were good and strong.and the food. yum. it was de-li-cious!!!!  i had the ceasar chicken sandwich and my friend had the munch burger. we both cleared our plates! SO good. i definitely recommend this place for MUNCH time...and i will make sure i  stop in next time i am in Vegas.
1	The service was absolutely terrible-- our food was incredibly slow with no acknowledge ment or apology. When it did come, it was so-so at best. My friend ordered the "tiny grilled cheese sandwiches" and literally got a piced of bread with mozzerella that had been chopped into random pieces and a tiny thimble of cold tomato-flavored something-- nothing else. Another person's burger was wrong and my wings were average. Would not recommend spending your time there!!
3	Reuben Wrap and a PBR. 4-7 is happy hour but only applies to your basic Coors, Bud and PBR - not Blue Moon, which is what I wanted. The Reuben Wrap was okay, decent shoestring fries, nice presentation. Thirteen dollars. Nothing astonishing happened but neither was it bad food, and the price is eh for being inside Caesar's.Service is a bit odd - a waitress took my order promptly but then passed me off to someone else for no purpose that I could see? They got my food out quickly, though.Atmosphere: it has booths where you can watch TV and is sandwiched between the Pussycat Dolls 'casino', Pure Nightclub and the Sports Book. So there's some interesting people watching to be had.
3	We went not long after this place first opened and have been back once since then.  The service warrants just one star.  Worst service I have ever experienced.  It took 45 minutes before a server came to our table.  And we literally could not get anyone to bring us our check when we were done.But I give it 3 stars because the food is decent and it's great people-watching.  On weekend nights, the line for Pure winds around right in front of this place.  It can be quite entertaining.
5	At a recent tasting event, I tried the Cheese bites, The Pizzadilla, lobster rolls, burger salad with crispy onion rings, Reuben Wrap, burger with onion rings and sweet potato fries and Crunchy Smores sundae. That was a mouthful to say and ever lager happy stomach afterward.My waitress was helpful in picking what to order. She was cool with how many items I picked to taste and she made sure to bring the food out in stages. The Cheese bites, Pizzadilla and lobster rolls were brought out first. The cheese bites are what you'd expect, very cheesy once you "bite" through the fried exterior. The Pizzadilla is a mix between a pizza and a quesadilla, which is an awesome concept that is well executed. Just the right amount of queso, cheese, and tasty pizza sauce has been added into this hybrid food item. The lobster rolls are presented nicely in a metal v holder. The rolls were nice and crunchy and the lobster was cold and mixed with some greens. The burger salad with crispy onion rings, Reuben Wrap and burger with onion rings with sweet potato fries were brought out. The burger salad was made with their standard burger patty folded in with a good salad and crispy onion rings on top. This is a good option for people that don't want to eat a bun with their burger. The Reuben Wrap was very large and you'll have a hard time finishing this after having an appetizer. The Reuben is everything you've come to enjoy from the sandwich, only in a wrap. The burger and sweet potato fries seems to be a rising trend in new burger places. This is a great idea. Sweet potato fries and properly seasoned burger patties really does make for a better burger. To top everything off, the Crunchy Smores sundae was a big hit. The crunchy smores was super crunchy and so full of chocolately goodness, it was hard for me to finish the taste. I didn't want to leave anything left over, but had to at this point in the tasting event. Thanks to the management for inviting me over to try out these tasty dishes.
4	Pretty standard fare, but it's still tasty. Great location to watch a game and they will bring it out to youif you're in the sportsbook. Philly cheesesteaks are below par but the burgers are hearty and juicy.
3	First night in Vegas and we were looking for a bite to eat in Caesar's Palace.  As we were checking out the menu, the Hostess mentioned they had Happy Hour at 9pm and it was half priced appetizers and drink discounts.  It was only 8:15 and we didn't mind waiting for food until 9.  So we explored for 45 mins and returned for happy hour.  For drinks, she ordered a vodka and cran and I got the Miller Lite.  At the end, our receipt had Absolut and cran, which is at a premium cost.  We were expecting them to give her just the house vodka and cran.  Oh well, you live and you learn.  For the appetizers, we had the grilled cheese, sweet potato fries with garlic mayo, and the philly cheese steak sliders.  I would highly recommend the grilled cheese because this is the perfect comfort food.  The side of tomato cream dipping sauce was a very nice compliment to the sandwiches.  If you like garlic, then you will love the garlic mayo dipping sauce for the sweet potato fries.  I love garlic so the sauce was great to me, but some may find it too strong for their taste.  The sliders were okay.  Kind of dry.  It would have been nice to compliment it with a dipping sauce or maybe I could have used a condiment (ketchup, mustard, or mayo) to offset it.  Highly recomment for happy hour as their prices were reasonable.  Not sure if I would go here and pay regular prices unless I'm in my drunken and hungry state after bar hopping/clubbing.  Service was ok.  Just saw the waitress when we ordered, when she dropped off our food and when she dropped off the check.  No follow-ups and none was really needed.  Would I return:  Yes, for happy hour or if I'm drunk and stumbling out of Pure hungry and thirsty. Would I recommend:  Yes, for the same reasons above.
4	While we were in Vegas, we decided to find a place that had a nice hamburger (for some reason, two of our friends were in desperate need).So, we were thrilled when we found MunchBar while gambling in Ceasars Palace.It was only 11am and I felt like breakfast, luckily they had a breakfast burrito that was delicious. It was a little big, too bad we werent staying at the hotel because I would have loved to have 'munched' on my leftovers later. It was a little dry but I added some hot sauce and it was perfection. It came with a BUCKET of fries (literally), which I devoured...they were so yummy.I also got their Peach Mimosa (a bellini) which was the perfect addition for my Sunday Brunch:). It was a little expensive, but typical for LV. We got seated right away, could watch the millions of football games going on, and didnt have to dress up-it was super casual.Everyone enjoyed their food, and I would definitely recommend it to Vegas goers that are in for a quick, casual lunch.
3	A little pricy.This place looks fun and yummy.I had the tiny grilled cheese dips appetizer. They were just okay. My boyfriend had the Southern Fried popcorn chicken. He said they were the best little meaty chicken nuggets ever.Waitress was REALLY really slow. They weren't even busy.If I were to return, probably would do 'happy hour' only. Not worth the price.
1	DONT DRINK MIXED DRINKS HERE!!  Weak and watered down. Did not get food.
1	Our first night in Vegas we decided to try MunchBar at Caesar's Palace.  I was interested in the 1/2 off for Happy Hr on the Lobster Roll.  Of course when I tried to order it, the waitress said it's no longer available.I should have asked what's on the 1/2 off menu, but I didn't.  Later found out it's the Munchies - appetizers.  I should have gotten the Tiny Grilled Cheese Sandwich for $10, then 1/2 would be $5.Instead I got a Caesar Salad w/ chicken $17.  Caesar salad was ok, chicken was dry, dry, dry.B. got a turkey burger that comes w/ hand cut fries $14.95.  The turkey burger was dry, but not as dry as the chicken in my salad.  He didn't eat much of the fries.He got a PBR 20oz for $3.25 - I think it's a Happy Hr price.Our total before tip was $38.05.  Overpriced yuck food.SKIP IT!
3	came here for some munchies after partying at Pure. its a bit too convenient and pricey but what are you gonna do when you don't want to go far to get food. service was alright. food was pretty standard. i ordered the philly cheesesteak sliders...you get 3 little burgers which hit the spot. a friend got the veggie burger and sweet potato fries both really good and they came with this crazy garlic mayo that was amazing. my other friends got chilli fries, some kind of salad, and the turkey club. would i come back...maybe. but $12 for 3 little sliders?...not worth it.
3	went here for lunch on a thursday. well, late lunch because it was 3pm. there was one other couple sitting in the whole place, and i didn't want to crowd them so we chose a table away from them, only for the server to seat us at the very next table. there were a couple items that thrillist.com mentioned, so i was looking for these (short rib patty melt on sourdough and mini maine lobster rolls w/herb mayo) but they no longer had it. don't you hate that? when restaurants change their menu? this place has been open less than a year and its already changed its menu. that's how i DON'T go back.anyway, these are the things we got: Philly cheese steak slidersHad onions and red peppers. On a scale of 1-10, I'd give it a 6. I probably wouldn't order this again but it wasn't terrible. There were 3 on the plate but we each only ate one.Nachos This came out first because we ordered these while still perusing the menu. they put some of their house chili, and salsa on it. Chips were really good, like they were just made.Jalapeno burger (grilled jalapeno, spicy guac)-i took a bite and it felt like instant heart burn. I didn't like the grilled jalapenos in them.House chili (with japaleno corn bread and spicy sour cream)I should've asked if there were beans in it. I really don't like beans. This bowl was huge. I think I had maybe a total of 5 spoonfuls. One, because of the numerous beans. two, because it was really spicy! three, the corn bread and the sour cream were really spicy! four, we ordered too much food.Pear ginger fizzThis had pear puree, and some kind of domaine chandon bubbly in it. I asked for more pear because I'm a very light drinker. It came out a bit on the red side, and I barely tasted anything pear about it. Needless to say, I didn't finish it. And it lost the 'fizz' pretty fast too.Our bill came out to $70 before tax.
3	Good service, food comes out quickly and location is convenient.Went to Munchbar a couple of times for dinner and late night snacks.  Highly recommend the sweet potato fries (with 4 dipping sauces), grilled cheese sliders.  Burgers and sandwiches are huge and come with a "bucket" of fries.
3	GREAT service but the food was just OK and overpriced.
4	So you've spent all day/night drinking and gambling when you finally realize you need to eat something before your brain explodes in your skull. All the places you mentally made note to eat at during the day are now closed, so you find yourself standing in front of the only thing open at 3 am in Caesars besides a mediocre looking cafe: MunchBar. Oh, you lucky thing!I ordered the Munch Burger, which came with a bucket of fries, and it was awesome. Great flavors, fresh ingredients, huge portion size, and the perfect remedy to combat a potential Sin City hangover. Others in my group ordered the "Naked" Wings, which looked amazing, the Philly Cheese Steak Sliders, and the Barrio Burrito. We were all exceptionally pleased with the food and had plenty of leftovers to take back up to the room for a secret stash of early morning binging.Despite the ungodly hour, the service was quick & upbeat and the place was clean. The only downside to the location is that it's open into the casino...which means having to watch all the late-night debauchery parade past you with their bottomless margarita tubes, pausing to dry-heave, while you sit and devour your meal. But then again, this is Vegas. The prices are a bit high, but if you're in this cesspool of a city on a tight budget...you likely have bigger problems than finding a tasty treat at 3 am.
3	We stopped by for the Munch Happy Hour, which features a discounted drinks and appetizers. The menu entices us to call for the GRILLED CHEESE SANDWICH ($5) and NAKED WINGS ($7). Even though it wasn't discounted, we decided to order the MUNCH BURGER ($14.95), too.Well, like much of the cheap food in Las Vegas, the food at Munch was filling and edible, but not memorable. It was on the better side of mediocre, by which I mean there was nothing bad about it, but also nothing special to really warrant an effort to return for more. It's just... food. And, actually, not particularly cheap either.
3	Great for a quick stop during Happy Hour only - otherwise save your money for a better restaurant!Mini grilled cheese, popcorn chicken, wings, and pizzadilla...all discounted, and super satisfying! Service was just ok, not very attentive.
2	This place was ok. We were looking for a quick bite to eat &  were seated quickly and got our drinks. The food which was only a salad and some sliders took FOREVER!!!  After sitting at this place for approx. 30 min. the food finally shows up & then go to pay and the waitress is MIA. I was starting to see a common theme while visiting Vegas that all the restaurants were extremely slow, and didn't know how to hustle. This place was also not that crowded, the people working there were just S L O O W!!!
2	Ordered a steak salad from the poker room, which services from MunchBar.  Took 2 hours to get someone to take my order, and the food was so overpriced it was silly.  My salad was $16, so like $18 after tax.  I didn't tip because the service was so poor.  It'd be a 1 star, except the salad was really, really good.  Damn them!
4	HOT DOG - HOT DOG - HOT DOGNaughty treats for drunken souls! This may not be the best place to go if you're a girl that doesn't want to see your man (or woman) looking at other girls dancing in scantily clad clothing 15 feet away from you. Directly in front of the Pussycat Dolls Casino, MunchBar's greasy, all-American menu sounded great at midnight. We were buzzed and craving some serious naughty food. The fiance ordered the wings (honey and spicy) and I ordered the hot dog w/ pretzel bun & criss cut chili fries!OMG did that hit the spot! It was soo good. He's a wings aficionado and raved about the wings. They were fantastic. The spicy wings were more on the spicy/vinegary side and not gross and buttery. They were meaty and very crispy. The hot dog came out perfectly grilled on a warm and squishy pretzel bun. This wasn't some $1 after hours hot dog. This was a real treat. When my hot dogs are delightful, I like to dress them up with the honor they deserve: mayo, ketchup, pepper and mustard. My baby got the works and it was among the best hot dogs I've eaten. The chili fries were very good, but frankly, I was transfixed by the glorious hot dog to notice the nuances of the fries and the chili to cheese ratio. Service was fine. The view of the dancers and other female diners evil-eying their boyfriends all added to a glorious night of hogging out. I carbed out and it was totally, utterly worth it.
4	Suprisingly good salads.Just ask for e-z dressing.
2	Food is made to look fancy, its more like fancy McDonalds. The waitress staff is all attractive only reason I gave it 2 starts. They are also open really late and its primary the only option for real food past 2 am at least down that area of the strip.MUNCH BOX
2	This review's for some take out food - wings, meh...honestly the flavor level's between fast food and chain restaurant.. Fruit punch drink , A-ok
3	perfect place to grab a bite before a show. seated at 9pm, just as go-go dancers set up to perform. Between people watching and the go-go dancing entertainment, my husband and I had a blast.Food is basic. Not excellent, but not bad at all. We had the steak salad. The server was proactive and split plated it for us. We enjoyed ice water and a tall Stella.Service: in and out, in time for our show. Overall a great choice for a low maintenance meal. We will be back at 9ish!!!!!!
4	They are located in a good spot within Caesar's Palace. They are one of the few places open late. They have a good speciality drink menu (try the "In the Rough") and the food is good. It is typical bar food.
4	huge portions... and pretty good prices. about 10$ for burgers. first time i had philly steak sliders and last time i went to vegas, bf and i shared a classic burger. YES the burger was big enough to share... and bf didnt even finish his.great atmosphere and to people watch.. located right next to the sports area in caesars
4	I liked this as a lunch spot. The portions were good and it was in a good spot near the sports book and Pussycat Dolls gaming tables.It was convenient and hit the spot.  We had one of the fishbowl type mixed drinks with four straws. Not sure how much booze was in it vs. the juice, but it was tasty and worth the cost when split among four people.The servers were friendly and the fries were good.Confusing beer prices though: 20 oz beer $7. 60 oz pitcher $26. ???
3	If you're in Caesar's Palace for a show and want a nearby casual meal, this is the place.  It's only a few steps away from the showroom, and they have pretty good burgers in the $13-$14 range.  I had their bleu cheese burger, which comes with bacon and mushrooms.  Wife had halibut with capers for $20,and it was satisfying and better than expected actually.
4	The MunchBar saved us!After our hungry group wandered a solid 30 minutes ALL over Caesar's Palace in search of a place open past 1:00am to get food...we finally stumbled upon MunchBar. I think it was the ONLY place that sells food past 1:00am on a Thursday night (bonus points)!Our group of six ordered the tiny grilled cheese, a bunch of munch burgers with fries and sweet potato fries. I did not hear one single complaint other than "I'm SO full but I can't stop eating". I ordered the Crunchy S'mores Sundae which is AMAZING (I mean, for goodness sakes it has nutella in it! Nutella)!!! Although...forewarning...the sundae is gigantic and needs to be shared with at least 2 people.It may have just been the hunger talking, but this place was pretty good and decently priced for a sit-down dinner in Vegas. Would definitely go back here again in Vegas.
2	Restaurants don't get bad reviews because they are great, they get them b/c they aren't great. I had read a lot of reviews before I went, but the menu mix  and the happy hour compelled me to go. 1) The hosts will stare at you waiting for you to request a table. I'm not waiting for a train. You need my money, lets ask for it. 2) The price of a drink ($13) is the price of an entree ($13.00). Give me a break!3) The portions are diner style, the service is by bimbos, and the prices are high.4) Your restaurant is empty why does it take you 15 minutes to greet us since you saw us come in while you were gabbing to the other host. 5) No I don't want to eat with everyone who is in line going to PURE!6) Demanding "Are you ready to order?" is not a pleasantry of a typical server after showing up 15 minutes after we were seated. You idiot!7) Randomly removing a happy hour is a death knell in my book. 8) Watching your rear end as you gab away at the host stand and flirt with everyone who walks by - the cook, the bouncers at PURE, the chef of the restaurant, another cook and even a vagrant being kicked out, is not a reason to give you any kind of tip. My drink is empty!9) The food was good and came out in a reasonable time.10) Remove that tacky "please wait to be seated by a hostess" sign. This isn't Denny's. Their prices and service are better.
4	We walked from the Aria to Caesar's Palace people watching with one of my closest friends from out of town. When we reached Caesar's I was starving ! We stumbled upon the Munch Bar because it was right in front of The Pussy Cat Doll section of the casino that my husband was drawn to. We thought why not and give the Munch Bar a try! I really wanted the Jalapeno Burger but it was like 2am and I thought how am I going to sleep if I eat something that huge so late. I decided on  getting one of my favorite comfort foods.  Grilled cheese ...yum! They have these mini grilled cheese sandwiches served with a tomato soup /sour cream mix it was really good! The people watching here is also superb! ...on that night anyway. I witnessed a guy first stumbling....walking lopsided until he fell sideways.  It was amusing to me ....I'm easily amused. Then I also saw my first photo flash mob . A group of people starting grabbing random people off the casino floor to take a really cool picture! The food and the atmosphere is anything but boring!
2	Meh.Met some friends to grab a bite.Sweet potato fries were OK but soggy.  Grilled cheese bites were recommended, but looked like something you'd do at home, just chopped into smaller pieces.  Wings were... wings.Good location if you want to meet at a bar in Caesars, but food leaves something to be desired...
3	Heading to an 8:00 Sunday night showing of Absinthe, we were looking for a place to get a little something-something before the show.  Munchbar was looking fairly busy, but we were greeted quickly and shown to a booth.  Needing some hydration we both ordered tea, and decided to share the mini grilled cheese with tomato dipping sauce.  Sounded homey and soothing for stomachs that needed to be alcohol ready.   Please note that food does not come out here quickly.  You would see one table of two get served, and ten minutes would go by before another table saw food.  However, the food looked good.  If you want fries, it looks like you get a bucket of them here!  Finally, our mini grilled cheese arrived and my first impression was oh my, we're paying that much for a cut up sandwich on white bread?  Then we tasted it and it was quite good.  Sourdough bread lightly buttered (not greasy), with a very good quality cheese (just the right amount), all melty.  The dip was creamy and good.   Even though we shared it, it was just the right amount.  Service was a bit slow, but it was because there appeared to be one hard-working waitress.  I wouldn't hesitate to go back if another little something something was needed.  Just not a place I would walk miles for.
3	Huge portions which is good cuz everything is pretty pricey. Food was good although high caloric. Service was slow. We wanted to grab something on the go and it took about 40 minutes from walk up to walk away.
4	Yeah, four stars for this little lounge type restaurant in Caesars.I liked the feel of the small place. I loved their location close to the Poker Room and Sports Book at Caesars. Most of all I found my favorite pre-poker-tournament meal at Munch Bar. Their Sirloin Steak Salad is freakin awesome. The ingredients combine perfectly and my hats off to the cook who prepared the sirloin that topped the salad to a perfect medium rare and the dressing just set the entire dish off perfectly.I loved it.
3	Great spot to grab a bite or catch the game..if you are staying at the Caesars and don't want to leave your hotel.They had a $22 special, wings and a pitcher.... There are many tv screens up so they can show multiple games.. Service was good and the food portions were pretty generous too.. We had wings, burgers and breakfast burritos.. Good for sharing..
3	The chilie cheese fry's/waffle frys are pretty damn good. The burgers suck. I dont know a place that doesnt servce lettuce and tomatos with their burgers. and when I asked for them they brought me these chopped tomatos like if I wanted it for Salsa or Fajitas.
3	I came here because the wait for Serendipity was 1 hour long. My friend and I decided to grab a quick bite inside the Caesars and have dessert afterwards at Serendipity.Food:1) Nachos - The nachos were pretty good! Chili, cheese, onions, tomatoes.  The chips weren't burnt like other places when they leave the nachos in the oven too long.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wyPkRQg3F5Yz2WqRFax7-g?select=NoywvzWNnQzYWGKoxkZnWg2) Sweet Potato Fries - amazing! perfectly fried. It was soft in the middle and slightly crispy on the outside.Service:Service was a little slow. Didn't seem like there were many employees around.  I couldn't find them anywhere.  Took forever to get refills and check taken care of.
4	We loved MunchBar! It's in Caesars (where we were staying) and we grabbed a bite after we checked in at night. The menu is fun - fries, burgers, nachos and similar other items. It's open air which makes for great people watching. There was no wait and the service was fast and friendly.We ordered two big beers, the turkey burger - decked out with stuffing, herbed mayo, cranberries and greens - and the mini grilled cheese sandwiches. We were surprised to find that both were exceptional! I like that MunchBar doesn't over think their food. It's casual, easy, and tasty.
3	Alright, already, the show goes onAll night 'til the morning, we dream so longAnybody ever wonder when they would see the sun goJust remember when you come up, the show goes on...at MUNCHBAR! - Lupe Fiasco (the show goes on)Located right next to PURE nightclub, this 24 hr joint is a life-saver for ppl staying at Caesars. Their jalepeno burger is really good, their fries are less than average, and their nachos are good for the first few bites then everything tastes the same. The fact that this place is open 24 hrs though is a huge plus and they have enough tvs for you to enjoy your favorite team.  Food: 3 stars --- Service: 3 stars --- Atmosphere: 4 stars --- Price(value): 3.5 stars
4	Other than this place being a little pricy for what you got, I thought it was a great stop.  My burger was HUGE and tasted very good.  Beers weren't the cheapest but it's also inside Ceaser's Palace in Vegas.  They do takeout so great for late night munchies.
2	I had a weird experience here. Munchbar is located next to the Pure nightclub at Caesar' Palace and is a 24 hour bar/restaurant. Dropped in with the lady at around 1AM for a quick bite to eat. We ordered the steak and cheese sliders and the mini grilled cheese. the mini grilled cheese came with a thickened tomato soup-like dipping sauce, it was pretty good. I asked the bartender for a frozen drink and she said that they didn't sell them but we could by them across the hall and drink them at the bar. I do so, and upon my return the manager/host ends up yelling at me asking me why do I think I would be able to bring that in. I explain that the bartender said I could and that my food was on the way, and I wasn't going to dump the drink I just paid for. He eventually moves our table and allows us to eat our food with the drink I purchased. The whole situation seemed totally unneeded.
3	If you are staying at Caesars then stop by here and eat.  The prices are good and the food is great.  I had the cajun poor boy and fries, which I enjoyed.  The staff is very nice.  It is a lot better than the crapy food court they have.
1	service was bad food medicore.  Would not waste my money nor my time at this resturant.  The icing on the cake for me was when my waitress provided me with a soda with no fizz.  I told her the soda was bad and she said she knew.  Why would you provide me with a soda that had no fizz?  Dont eat here.
4	My boyfriend and I stopped by this joint on a whim. We were looking for some brunch/lunch and this place seemed nice. It seems a little bit out of place within the Caesars atmosphere. It's a modern looking joint, and there aren't any walls just this fencing(if you will) that blocks off the space, so you don't get any separation from the slots going off within the casino. I can't explain how many times I heard the ahhh-ahhh from the American Idol slots...The service was average. It wasn't super great like you would expect in vegas. The waitress that seated us did not seem happy to work there at all. There was a different waitress that served us and she was nice, but like I said, service was average. She only checked on us once, and that was towards the end of our meal.The food was good. I have nothing to complain about. It was fairly priced (for vegas). I got an egg skillet that came with a bucket of tater tots. The only thing I would say is it needs a little bit more flavor, at some points I only tasted egg. My boyfriend ordered the reuben wrap that comes with a bucket of fries. He really enjoyed the burrito; the only weird thing is that he was thrown off that it was pastrami with a tortilla not bread. The portions look small but both my boyfriend and I couldn't finish our food. They're deceivingly filling, so be aware !  So overall, the food is good and the service could use a little improvement. More attention please !!
1	I was there a week ago during a vacation while in Caesar's Palace.  We were looking for a quite bite to eat and found the menu intriguing. That's about all I can positively say about Munch Bar. The hostess wasn't up front and it seems like the concept of service here is a free for all.  Our waitress took our order and that was about it.  She was more interested in flirting with the guys that were next to us than serving everyone. The food, I ordered the grilled cheese sliders and it looked like a 6 year old made it. The cheese was all over the place, the bread was decent and the tomato dipping sauce was bland. When I sent my grilled cheese sliders back, they did offer me something else but at these point, I was done with this place. Overall I would say, walk past this place and try somewhere else.  It'll be worth it!
4	The Girls and I were in Vegas for a fun trip and stopped by here one early evening for a bite.  Food was REALLY yummy - we had nachos, mahi mahi tacos and Bacon Bleu burger (AMAZING).  Our waitress MINDY G was AWESOME!  So friendly and energetic!  She recommended we get a "YOUNG B*TCH" for our fun drink and we were SO GLAD she did!!!  Would definitely go back!!  MINDY - YOU ROCK!!  :)
4	Great food.  Quick service.  The perfect stop to keep it moving in Vegas. A little on the pricey side, but overall two thumbs up.
3	Excellent burger. Everything else was pretty meh. If I were looking for something quick, convenient and no-frills, I'd stop here in a minute (for a burger...only)Slightly upturned
3	I don't think it is 24 hours anymore?  I was roaming around Caesar's Palace and found this place by chance and had to wait until it opened, so I came by later for a late lunch. Pros: it's not hard to find, good location, trendy bar/burger & small bites spot, and affordable for Vegas  Cons: It was my first time and the staff overall was pretty rude.  We were standing at the podium for a while wondering if you seat yourself or wait to be seated.  They just kind of stared at us, so we proceeded to seat ourselves in which she finally acknowledged us and told us to go back to the podium and wait, which was unnecessary because there were only 2 other small groups...We had to ask her for menus and she took a while with our drink orders.  The bartender saw that we were looking around for our waiter and just did nothing behind her counter.  Once we ordered, the food came out fast.  I got the Munch Burger which came with fries.  The burger was JUICY and the fries crispy so I can't complain.  The fries are enough to share.  My friend got the sliders, which he enjoyed.  I would have given them 2 stars because their service and staff were horrible, but their food made up for it a little bit.   The portions do look small, but it's sure filling. Overall, I left tummy stuffed and curious!  I'd come back to try their munchies and other burgers.
2	Came here with some friends for a quick casual bite.  The atmosphere and location are great but the service definitely did not par up.  We had a waitress that was not at all attentive and or personable.  The fact  that the restaurant wasn't even busy made it even worse.  Now I know we all have our off days and maybe this was one for hers but if the yelp reviews get consistent about bad service then maybe this is something to pay attention to. By the way please don't assume the change is your tip especially if you were barely there to see if we were doing ok and that it took you 45 minutes to get a side of mayo...
2	I came to this new lunch restaurant about 5 months ago had the BEST, tastiest shrimp PO boy sandwich of my life.  After 5 months I was still talking about it.  I finally made it back over here long awaiting to taste it again only to find they had taken if off their menu.   Totally disappointed and crushed.   I forced myself to try their turkey sandwich on focaccia which was completely lacking and extremely dry.   At least their fries were still tasty.
3	solid food.  good burgers and fries.  although it is a bit pricey, it is probably less expensive than most inside casino restaurants that aren't fast food.
3	Had the double western bacon cheeseburger. It was good, but not, "Oh my god good." More like, "Wow, Carl's Jr has really improved their burger good."Great place to go to after you've finished at Pure.
3	Funny I've never been to the Bellevue location for food, but the food in the LV location is what I hope Bellevue would be. They mostly had burgers and what I call "quick food" items, dishes for a quick in and out meal. The selection was small, but makes the decision making easy. It does not appear to get busy, so seating was a breeze. Not somewhere I would seek out to come to, but it was convenient, quick, wait staff was friend and attentive and prices were decent.
3	Let me say that the burger was amazing but you have to double the patty to get a good size patty. I sent it back bc i thought they forgot the other patty until the bartender informed me different. The bartender seems really uninterested in us and her job or maybe just seem lost. we also order chicken wings and they were good but very little. overall good place to eat if you are staying at the ceasars but very expensive.
3	Pretty decent place to come for a quick lunch in between the gambling and sun bathing in Vegas. We stepped into MunchBar and were immediately seated and hungry. A friend and I shared the chicken caesar wrap and the turkey sandwich. The chicken in the caesar wrap was very good. The foccacia on the turkey sandwich was great too-I believe it had rosemary in it. We also loved the sweet potato fries that came alongside our sandwiches. The portions were pretty big yet service was a little slow. Great if you need a quick and reasonable lunch in Vegas.
3	Pretty good, decently priced place to eat at Caesar's Palace. The food court will probably take you just as long to receive your food, but the customer service at munchbar is way better. I got the kosher hot dog with chili and cheese with a bucket of fries, which was pretty good. Kind of disappointed when we returned for some smores sundae and their sundae machine was broken AND they ran out of Blue Moon T~T
3	When staying at Caesar's Palace, this is one of the more affordable and familiar places to munch at.  Whether it's a large portion of burgers or refined fish tacos, the meal is decent in terms of taste and price given it's in Vegas.  I'd order the sweet potato fries on the side.Service is fast and friendly.  The ambiance is a bit bare with cramped seating in small tables next to gambling tables with smoke.  Parking is ample in the hotel's garage.
3	Went there specifically to try their smore sundae, and the server tells me they dont have any ice cream. :( Thats the only dessert they offer and they dont have it?? My friend ordered mixed burger salad without bacon, and there was bacon in it. But she still said it was very good. And the Bacon Bleu Burger I had was as well. :)
4	My friends tried this place during our trip to Vegas and said they have the best burgers ever. So we went to give it a shot, I had the ribeye steak cause I felt like something more hearty, the steak was cooked perfectly, just like my dad makes at home. It had a nice char grilled taste served with mashed potatoes and green beans and a red wine sauce, I liked that the sauce was on the side, my only complaint is that the green beans had too much sea salt sprinkled on top
4	I don't know how you can hate on MunchBar.  Yes, the menu and restaurant are small...yes, it's not all glitzy and glamorous, BUT it has solid food and good service.  The prices aren't insane either.  We have stopped in for lunch and for snacks and both times have been great.  The sweet potato fries are SO FREAKING GOOD I had dreams about them afterwards.  The roasted garlic mayo that comes with them is amazing (although it totally gives you THE BREAAAAAATH...make sure you have gum on hand).  Their burgers are cooked how you order (which I can't say for most places), are nice and thick, and come with delicious toppings.  I pretty much combined the Bleu Cheese Burger and the Jalapeno Burger (86 guac) and it came out awesome.  I would totally recommend this place for lunch or late night grub...there is even a little takeout window.  How sweet is that?
1	Do not eat here!  Service is slow and rude!!
4	Munchbar is one of the more "affordable" places to eat when staying at Caesar's Palace. Plus the portions are quite large (when you split an item in half, the back kitchen will do it for you which is quite nice)The cheesy tatter tots are AMAZING. Large portion. Loaded with cheese and chili. Delishhhh !!The ahi tuna salad is a bit sweet, which I thought was kind of weird but the portion was hugeThe wings were really good too, you get to choose up to 2 out of 4 flavorsThe french fries were crispy and really seasoned/salted wellI also had one of their breakfast burritos which had pastrami. It was ok...
4	Really more like 3.5 stars....but bump to 4 because maybe it's like a 3.6 or 3.7, whatever.  The hostess and server were very friendly.  Everything on the menu looked good, but I decided on a turkey sandwich so I could split with a friend (who was not as interested in the more "intriguing" items).  We substituted tater tots for fries, but after seeing the sweet potato fries wished I had gotten those!  The food took a really long time to come out.  When it did I was pleasantly surprised to see that,  a) the server had noticed we were splitting and had brought it out already split onto two plates; b) the portions were so huge that we double checked that it was one meal split even though they told us when they dropped off the food and: c) everybody's dish looked yummy.Had the service been faster, would have been a solid 4, but the friendliness and courtesy bumped my 3.5 up to a 4 rather than down. :)
2	Not worth it. We wanted to eat at CP's buffet but it was being remodeled so we settled for this place. The appetizers were good (we had popcorn chicken & buffalo shrimp) but the burgers an Reuben wrap were pretty greasy and gross. The food isn't totally horrible but definitely not worth what they charge for it. Don't bother.
3	This place was ideal for the late night munchies! All your greasy, fatty options you crave after a night of getting liquored up. Or a full bar included in case your not ready to grub.The staff was very interactive and genuinely friendly. We couldn't decide on what kind of shots to get so our super cool server surprised us. We ended up with PB&J shots. Which btw, tasted dead-on...Food:Chili cheese nachos were friggin off the chain GOOD! These nachos are a nice portion, good to share and get full with at least another person, maybe two others.Sweet potato fries were a hard miss. They serve them in some cute little bucket but it made the fries soggy and gross. Not even the dipping sauces could save this disaster. My friend ordered the grilled cheese bites and they were not aesthetically appetizing. Per my friend they were a little dry. Overall, it's a koo lil diner spot with a full bar (no ciroc btw) that's open late. The chili cheese nachos are a must and with 5 stars. I say 1 star for the nachos, 1 for the server and 1 for being open late.
2	How do you justify selling an egg mcmuffin and a side of tater tots for $13?  ...you don'tAnd how do you justify paying for said tater tots and egg mcmuffin?...you can'tI didn't even order that thing.  I ordered the Munch Burger.  And yes, that was a disappointment too.  I asked for it to be cooked medium, but it came out well done.  Not only that, it took about 20 before we received our order.  Now that's fine if the place was busy, but there were only 4 other tables sat, and 3 of those tables had their food.  So I really can't see why it took so long.The fries were terrible.  Definitely not freshly fried, they had that mushy, oily, "been under a heat lamp far too long" type of finish.  A good server will catch that mistake.  A good fry guy will catch it too.  It's apparent that MunchBar has neither...
3	Reasonable burger; nothing ground breaking. Open late which is a bonus.
3	When you only have a 45-minute poker tournament dinner break and won't be allowed into Mesa with your jeans, hat, and poker shades, then Munchbar presents itself as the only option. Located right next to the Poker Room at Caesar's, Munchbar is a small, open burger joint with some tables and a half dozen stools at the bar. The menu items are scribbled in chalk-like print all over the two enclosing walls, so you have something to look at while waiting for your grub.I ordered the Turkey Burger (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wyPkRQg3F5Yz2WqRFax7-g?select=ZkcK0Law-DkNVSA6bscHdA#ZkcK0Law-DkNVSA6bscHdA) with mushroom stuffing, cranberries, and herb mayo. The turkey patty was pretty juicy and I liked the cranberry and herb mayo combo. The fries, however, were absolutely horrible. They were mushy and tasted stale like they had been hanging out in the fryer basket for a couple of hours. I'm sorry, but a burger joint should know that it is important to change the fryer oil on a regular basis so you don't end up with mushy, rancid fries. They won't get crispy in old oil! Also, fries should be made fresh to order - they only take a few minutes (way less time than my turkey burger patty takes to cook through). My boyfriend had the Bleu Cheese Burger with applewood smoked bacon and mushrooms. He also enjoyed his burger, but pushed the fries aside after trying one. This seemed to be a pattern with all the other patrons at this place. I almost laughed out loud when the bartender asked me if I wanted to take the fries to go. I would have sent the fries back for new ones or at least explained to our bartender that they were horrible had I had more time, but I was on a ticking clock. Not a big fan of having to wait 5 minutes to get my card swiped when it is laying right there on the bar while the two bartenders are cracking jokes with what seemed to be the manager of the place. Go here if you're on a budget, or have no time, or are not going to get anything that comes with fries and you'll have an average experience. I really wanted this place to be better. Shame.
3	After drinking all day and hanging out in Caesar's, we needed something to eat that we didn't have to wait long!  Our friends had stopped by earlier in the day and had the chili and said it was awesome, so we stopped in!  I ordered the burger in a bowl with a turkey burger instead of beef!  My food was good!  I devoured it!  No complaints about the food!  But the service was just ok!  We were in the middle of a shift change and were given our check only minutes after getting our food!  One of my companions didn't like this very much!  Neither did I, but it is what it is!!  But overall, it was just ok!  Located right in front of the Pussy Cat Doll's pop up casino!  It was alright!  Nothing to write home about!
3	Arrived late first night in Vegas. Wanted a quick easy decent meal at 1 AM. MunchBar was just the ticket.Had the molten burger. Very cheesy. Don't forget to tell your waiter how you want your burger cooked, Otherwise it comes well done, which makes it a little dry.The fries  that came with the burger were fine, but the truth of the universe Is that no one does fries  as good as McDonald's.Place was fairly empty, so service was good.
3	For a late night fried food place it was pretty good. I had the sweet potato fries, tater tots and the fried shrimp. It was all very good for what it was. It stayed open late which is a huge plus, especially when you are staying there. The service was great regardless of what time we came as well.
2	Food was pretty good, great for hangover Vegas food, not to expensive either. But this place gets two stars because the service was HORRENDOUS. The server literally never came to our table and I had to get up 3 or 4 times to find someone. And then they kept seating people in her section so the service got worse! It took forever for our food and drinks to come out as well. The worst part was after our food was dropped off, she didn't come over ONE time to check how we were doing and we didn't see her until she dropped off the check. Freaking ridiculous.
3	This little restaurant/bar in Caesars was a staple of my recent Vegas visits because of the Ruben Wrap that was on there menu... Up until February 2013 I would have given this place 4 or 5 stars! It was exactly what I expected for the location and price and the Ruben Wrap was just outstanding. But this past visit the waitress informed me that they were out of pastrami... for the last three weeks... because they changed vendors! She also informed us she didn't care because she put in her two weeks. I ended up with a Bacon and Blue Cheese Burger and it was a major disappointment! Nobody in my group enjoyed there food and that sucks because it was our first food stop on our trip.All in all, I doubt I would go back because there are so many other options in Vegas...
2	I guess it had been some time since I visited Vegas and I am sad to say that the Munch Bar can not be recommended. It went from being a nice little eatery in Caesars to grab a nice fun fresh meal to a place where the service and the food is just dialed in. I ate twice hear during my recent stay and both time the good looking staff made me feel like they were doing me a favor just taking my order. This could be partially overlooked if the food was as good as I remembered it but it was not. I had an omelet my first night in town and it was awful. it was all egg and there was no bacon at all in the damn thing. The next day thinking that the first night was a fluke I had their Philly sliders. AWFUL, what little bit of meat that was on the bun was ok but it was off set by the fact that bread was so bad. The buns were dry and just this side of stale.In my opinion you should find someplace else to get your late night snack at Caesars.
5	Was in Vegas for work last week. After a long day, I finally caught a break around 4/5pm. Didn't want to go too far for food but remembered that Caesar's food was meh, soso. Was about to walk towards the Forum Shops to get food but MunchBar caught my eye. Nice branding, location, and ambiance. Sat down, waitresses were very friendly. Saw a guy next to me eating their Roasted Chicken. Ordered it..um, delicious! 2 pieces of tender, juicy chicken, plus hella mashed potatoes and lots of corn. Don't know why no one's really mentioned it?The owner, Brad, is an awesome guy. Kept me company for a bit, offered lots of insight and tips about Vegas. Next time I'm in town, will definitely come by for another plate of chicken and Guinness.
2	I'll give this place 2 stars because they had veggie burgers. They were bland and had no real toppings to speak of but it's better than nothing if you don't want meat.What made this place the pits was the service. We stood in line for 5 minutes while the hostess flirted with a drunk guy in front of us who wasn't even waiting on a table. She could feel everyone staring at her like wtf??, but she didn't care. She then tried to seat us wedged in between two other, two person, tables (like a cafeteria?), instead of one of the many other open tables. Want ketchup? A refill? Eating Utensils? Napkins? Be prepared to ask for all of them and to have the server act like you are inconveniencing them and they are doing you a favor.
3	This is a great place for a quick bite. Chicken sandwich was great, friendly staff as well. Nothing fancy and its not supposed to be anyway.
3	Looking for a quick bite on Saturday night at Caesar's Palace got my friends and I to this place. It's located to the right of the front lobby before you get to Mesa Grill and Pure. Unfortunately being a weekend night and next to the Pussycat Dolls gaming pit, there was loud music blasting right there. They were pretty busy but the wait wasn't too long to get seated.It did seem to take a little longer than expected for our waitress to show up initially and for us to get our food after ordering. Aside from that, our drinks were refilled quickly and we were checked on during our meal. Service was friendly overall.The food itself all looked and tasted really good. I had the turkey focaccia sandwich and shared some chili cheese tater tots. The portion for the tots is huge! The sandwich was good and the fries it came with were hot and crispy. A variety of munchies were ordered by our group and it all seemed good. I did notice a smores sundae on their dessert menu that sounded intriguing and absolutely delicious. Got too full on this visit tho, so that will have to wait for next time!Prices are slightly lower here than at Central(which is CP's 24hr dining spot). A side note, one can order from Munchbar for food service while playing at the poker room. You could probably order takeout also and take it to the sportsbook just a short walk away. Then nosh and enjoy watching whatever sporting or racing event.Judging from the previous reviews maybe our group got fairly lucky with our visit. We did have a Total Rewards Diamond member among us. I don't know if that helped our cause. I was sitting around 3.5 stars but just couldn't round up, but still a solid 3 stars.
2	Food was ok for late night after-bar fare, but the service was horrible - and I really dont expect much after a day-long drinking session!We waited and waited for our check after we had finished.  I had to walk up to the bar, where our server and a couple others were standing around b.s.-ing.  When I asked for the check they acted all snotty.I guess if you just want some decent food in your gullet, go ahead, but otherwise, dont bother.
2	The only reason I'm giving 2 stars, is because we had good service. Aside from that, it fell short. I ordered a Bloody Mary, and I'm pretty sure they forgot the vodka. My boyfriend said his chicken Caesar sandwich just tasted like mayo, and when he opened it, it looked like 4 oz of chicken on the entire sandwich. I got a mixture of two types of wings, which were actually pretty good- although not $14 good. $14 for buffalo wings seems a bit absurd! Here's the kicker. I turn to check out the bar and see the bartender doing her lipstick in the mirror in the bar. I think, ok kinda unprofessional. Then she starts touching up the sides of her mouth with her fingers. I think to myself eww, I couldn't believe she was touching her mouth while standing in front of guests. And finally, she turns around without washing her hands and proceeds to serve guests. Gross!!!I would not recommend this restaurant.
4	Can only give it four stars, because I only had a salad.  If a restaurant messes up a salad then I wouldn't even think about eating at the restaurant again.  This is NOT the case here though.  The chinese chicken salad was delicious and the peanut dressing complemented it quite nice.  I was eyeballing a few of the other patrons dishes while I was grazing on the leafy greens of my own plate.  The other patrons hamburgers looked very good.  They had a tater tot nacho's kind of plate that like it could hold over two to three people for a good amount of time.  The only complaint would be that they need to have more than one waitress up front, as the hostess had to take our order.
4	This was a great spot to take a break from it all and just people watch.  We sat at the bar facing the casino and we were entertained the whole time.  The mini grilled cheese (appetizer) was fantastic. It came with a tomato based dipping sauce that was the perfect compliment to the bite sized wedges.  Tip - ask for two dipping sauces because one just won't do.
4	A great late night spot to grab a bite and people watch!  With Pure NIghtclub and the Pussycat dolls Gaming area.. there's never a shortage of screaming drunks and nasty ass barefoot half nekkid, sweaty ratchets stumbling past you.. (Thats's HELLA GROSS  BTW!!  Feet all black from the floor.. you gon catch a damn disease!!!!) . lol, always a treat.. (Enter 'twerk' music)Now back to the food!.... its bomb!  we ordered the nachos and the wings.. The nachos had all the fixen's plus chilli!!! The wings were teriaki (can't go wrong with that) and the other was a Parmesan crusted one.. so good!! Our server was great, very attentive and hella nice! I wish i got your name so i can give you a shout out! :( ...  Vegas! you rock!
5	I love this place. The food, decor and view of the casino is awesome. However, I wish that this restaurant was the 24 hour restaurant of choice in Caesars but sadly it closes pretty early for what you would expect with the location/type of food. I only managed to eat there once during my last trip but I would have gone back if I had the time!The food: My husband had the turkey burger which was a great size for the price and came with all the fixins of a Thanksgiving dinner. Yum! It also came with a huge bucket of french fries which were perfectly crisp and tasty. They really know what they are doing with their fryer! I had the Jalapeno burger and even with being from Texas I was pleased that this burger actually packed some heat! I find a lot of the "spicy" Mexican foods I've had in Vegas pretty much have no burn at all but this was not the case with this burger. It came topped with fried jalapeno slices, jack cheese, guacamole and this divine spicy sour cream. Delish! I substituted my fries for tots and was a little bummed at how much smaller the serving was than everyone else's bucket o fries but they were still really tasty and nicely fried to a crisp. My friend got grilled mahi mahi fish tacos and it looked so good she was nice enough to give me a bite. It came with these adorable little corn tortillas and all sorts of tasty sauces and condiments so you could build your own tacos. As if that wasn't awesome enough I don't think I have ever tasted a more delicious and perfectly cooked piece of mahi mahi. It was moist, light as air flaky, not "fishy" at all and just all around perfect. I would order that next time and I am super picky about fish so even I'm shocked that I say that. Everyone left the restaurant full and happy. The prices were reasonable, too. $15 for a burger and a boatload of fries isn't bad in Vegas!The decor: Fun, funky and doesn't take itself too seriously. We loved the chalkboard look they had around the restaurant. It gave the place a great vibe. The chairs were comfy and everything was spotlessly clean.The service: This is the only place I would have shaved off part of a star. The girl was nice enough but seemed to be kind of annoyed with the presence of customers. She did not come back to the table very often to check if we needed more drinks, etc. Also, my friend ordered a bloody mary and when she received it she asked if she could have a few extra olives. The girl did not come back for 30 minutes and when she did she said "Did you still want those olives?" and when we said yes she was still gone for another 10 minutes. We weren't sure if she just forgot for a while or if she really didn't want to have to give my friend the olives. No biggie, I guess. She did eventually get her olives but it seemed like a silly thing to have an issue with.All in all we will make sure we come back to MunchBar on our next trip to Vegas...and keep our fingers crossed that maybe Caesars will add this to their 24 hour restaurant list for those not willing to pay $30 a person for a late night meal! They do have a takeout window but it closes at the same time as the restaurant so maybe they could consider just keeping the window open!
3	We stumbled upon this place after failing to go to the Bacchanal because of the nasty line. By the time we found this place, we were starving! This is a cool little cafe place with pretty modern decorations throughout the restaurant. They blast top 20s hits here, so if you're looking for a nice quiet place to chat, this definitely isn't the place.Portions here are pretty large but we really didn't think anything of the food. Nothing stood out or was spectacular. I got a pastrami breakfast sandwich and I felt like it was missing something. If they had added some extra condiments or had a special sauce it would be much better. It felt like the pastrami, egg, and other ingredients didn't flow that well together. Nonetheless it filled us. I did enjoy the tator tots though, they were crispy, crunchy and delicious.
2	Mediocre Overpriced Food
3	The artwork alone gets a star all by itself - really cool and hip looking joint they got going here. The staff seems pretty laid back, not uppity and fairly attentive. We did have one snafu with a drink order but I wasn't paying for this particular meal so I can let it go. Otherwise, this is a decent place to stop for some solid foods.Your typical American fare with burgers and salads and wings. There is even a little "to-go" window for the people who need to get their dinner on with the quickness. I do feel that the menu is overpriced for food and drink but it's Vegas so there.One thing to be mindful of is the fact that they don't allow outside drinks - at least you can't drink them while dining. I had me a one of those yard sized daiquiris and they said we couldn't drink them but we could bring them in and set them aside. Just FYI.Overall I found the lunch experience enjoyable. Loved the wall art and the location is great for people watching. Then again, what place in Vegas isn't good for that? For a late night snack this might be a good option. Just make sure you server clearly hears your order. Munch on.
4	Visiting Caesars with my husband who attended a conference. Came across this little place--awesome waitstaff and great food. Went twice--served me a terrific grilled cheese and an organic mixed green salad. Able to sit at the bar area to chat with others--totally casual and super lunch. I'm a vegetarian but by the looks of the orders around me the huge burgers are a hit!
2	Came here this trip because the line for Bachannel was too long. I've been here before and usually just order their turkey burger (it used to be really good, this trip it was just ok). The wait for our food was pretty long too. My friends ordered the Mac and cheese bites, the garlic aioli it's served with is really good but the actual bites didn't have much macaroni in it, it was mostly filled with cheese making it pretty salty. We ended up eating only two. Definitely not worth the $13! Wouldn't make another planned trip here, probably would only go here if we were backed into a corner.
3	A great late night bite. Came here around 12:30am starving. The service was slow but the food hit the spot. We had the grilled cheese bites and the french fry nachos. The grilled cheese was served with an incredible tomato dipping sauce. I could have eaten this straight with a spoon. The fries were definitely loaded. They didn't skimp on anything. Everything tasted great, but of course not cheap. I think it was $25 for the two.
4	Just got into Vegas and found a nice little place for cocktails and appetizers - munchbar.  Greeted by a great bartender Genevieve!!  Talk about great pours - there were no pour spouts  - which made for terrific drinks!! She was having a great conversation with us, all the while attending to other customers and  staff. The fried mac and cheese was a hit - creamy, fried decadence. Definitely we shall return for more great service, drinks and explore the rest of the menu.
3	Had spicy wings and thai wings (a little sweeter), as well as sweet potato fries. Both wings were pretty good. The aioli that came with the fries was excellent. Service was good. Went here to watch the game. This restaurant has a food court feel to it, it is only semi-private (not a separate enclosed area).
3	Sometimes when you are desperate and hungry, you cling to the closest place to eat.  I had arrived in Vegas for a short unplanned visit for a funeral.  I often get free comp rooms at Harrahs/Caesar properties and lucked out that I can book for one night in the Octavius tower for this evening.  However upon arrival(before the 4 pm checkin), I was informed due to the convention in town, my room was not ready.  I have been up since 5:30 am and had only eaten a half a donut and my Starbucks coffee.After being informed the room will not be ready until when (provided my phone number to be called when it was), I headed to the closest food area, this happens when you are hungry and don't want a busy food court (but after seeing the prices on the menu, I should have bolted.  This small place at Caesar's Palace is ideal for conventioneers or tourists who wouldn't know better but it was quiet and almost empty on a Monday in the middle of the day.The menu itself is a reflection of the name of the place, Munchbar...some told me that is a funny name when I checked in @Yelp but really, munchies (fast food) and drinks.  I only gave this place 3 stars because the food itself which is important was good enough.  I asked for medium on my burger (I had the bbq bacon) and it came out perfect.  The service is pleasant enough.What really is not good is the prices, I know this are Vegas prices but I am sure burgers are not in the 16 dollar category even for Vegas unless it was by some fancy celebriturd chef (looking at you Ramsay!).  Well this is what I get when I am hungry.  P.S.  the room was never ready, I had to go to the front desk and demand (ok  ask for with a hint of anger) a room that I reserved since it was now check in time.  Finally got a room (not the type I reserved) but it was a relief and not so much because I had to basically drop my bags, change and leave again for the funeral visitation.  I had to pick up my mom too so that was more time.
1	The Philly sandwich on a 50 cent hotdog bun was $15 and not good at best. I would recommend moving on for the next place if you need lunch and it's not a fast stop to boot.
4	Cute little burger joint.  Like the presentation of fries in the bucket.  Our food was good, along with service.  Tables were a little too close for comfort.
4	I ordered the Pastrami Wrap. Cooked perfectly and utterly delectable. I definitely think this place is underrated. I loved it! The fries are yummy and they give you a whole bucket! Not like you will eat the whole thing anyways, but they are really tasty!
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE!!  Food excellent!  walked in with family the place had only 2 customers, and the girl in front tried to seat us around back when all table in front were open. Then server comes with attitude and says "you guys don't just want water do you?"  WTF??  We ordered food came meanwhile the hostess that sat us is not even paying attention to customers that are walking up to be seated. She proceeded to seat THE NEXT 3 SETS OF CUSTOMERS in the back an they all objected as to why the're beaing seated all the way in the back when all the front is open. As i was watching  the whole thing she gave me dirty looks.  I got a really dirty look from her!  Food came was very good but where's our server???!?!?  Walked up to the bar to get ranch dressing then server appears and asks what can i get you. As we were sitting i noticed other customers shaking their heads and having to get up to ask for service!! Very bad!! Poorest service i have ever encountered. Its like they are doing us a favor by being there!!! Then i get the bill $100 bill and she charged me .25 cents for ranch!!  Sorry but thats Fkn weak!! Staff needs proper training on how to treat and serve customers prior to getting hired. Food was great but the service sucked ASS!!  Goto the other reastaurants in the forum shops 100 yards away. Same price but you get the service you pay for and believe it or not cheaper and classier environment with professionals that want your business. The 3 girls that worked there seemed like customers do them a favor by coming in. Come on man!!  Will not be returning to this crap hole and i highly UNrecommend this place to all!!
3	As my boyfriend and I were walking around the strip asking around for a good beer spot, a local recommended me Munchbar. What a great concept-food and drinks dedicated to munchies. I checked the Yelp reviews and this place seemed very average, but I was thirsstayyyy for a cold pint and decided to come in just for beer.To our HUGE disappointment, the craft beer selection was sooo weak. We sat at the bar and chugged our watered-down beer and left. Their menu looked exactly like what you'd expect a munchbar to have- burgers, hotdogs, fried foods, wings, etc etc etc. Service was fantastic at the bar. Our bartender was really chill, down to earth, and attentive.
3	This was my second time eating at munchbar in as many trips to Vegas. My wife and I shared an order of wings and an order of the grilled cheese bites. The food was OK but the prices are sky high. The 2 apps + 1 domestic beer totalled over $40.  All in all though a good place to get a quick bite.
4	Good portions and the service was quite fast, specially because we were so hungry when we got there!
2	Good portion sizes but like everywhere else in Vegas it is overpriced with average service.We asked for a suggestion from the server about the grilled cheese bites. She suggested subbing the tomato soup for the sauce that comes with it. When we were served the appetizer it was actually the entree grilled cheese with soup.  My friend and I were surprised that we were charged for the  full entree when we wanted the appetizer. Major miscommunication!
5	Came with with quite a large group during our hair show weekend. We have been here many times before, as we are from Vegas and every hair show is usually at Caesars. I love their food, its always quite tasty and has great portion sizes. The price point is going to be a bit higher than a food court situation, but worth it. The servers arent over-friendly, so if you like that (which I do!), youre out of luck. BUT our server was very efficent and even did the courtesy of spiltting our large parties bill. I know that can be kind of annoying so I appreciated not having to ask. Overall, I enjoy this place! Give it a shot!
4	I like this place, food is pretty good, I ate there two nights consecutively and the server remembered how I liked my salad, she also split our large party's check for everyone without us even asking which I thought was amazing, most servers get annoyed over a request like that. My only gripe is that they didn't have any nutrition information available :(
3	Simply put: Food was ok, price not so much.People watching...priceless.There is no reason, even in Las Vegas that two burgers, an appetizer, and two drinks (Soda and a Blue Moon) should be $60.00 before gratuity. The burgers were pretty good but not earth-shattering by any stretch of the imagination. We most certainly enjoyed watching all the people walking through the Casino. That made up for the cost.
1	Food sucked was far from good.   Steak salad was over cooked had to send it back.  My friend had the ahi tuna salad, it was fishy.  Mac and cheese poppers....I've had better.  Waitress was extremely impatient with our party and rude.  Never really checked on us furring our meal.  Some guy with a hoodie did.  When it was time for to pay, we were in the middle of explaining the bill but because we had multiple forms of payment and she walked away mid sentence.  I've never seen that before.   Crazy!   Save your money guys.   Much better places in the hotel.
2	Most of the food they serve is out of the frozen isle of a grocery store. The fried mac and cheese balls are just fried cheese balls, theres not really any mac and cheese. The burgers are all from frozeb patties and they are ugly and taste burned and kinda cold. They grilled cheese bites are just buttered bread with a slice of cheese.
1	My wife and I stopped in to have lunch here, The service was good but it was Over priced bar food in our opinion. A mixed greens with an iced tea and a bbq burger with loaded criss cuts and an iced tea was $53 plus tip. Everything seemed to be frozen and fried, if your into this type of food hit a drive thru.
3	Not so great.  I thought the little grilled cheese sandwiches were going to be something spectacular.  It's just a grilled cheese sandwich chopped into little bites.  How special is that?  Way over-priced but in a good location.  The guys in our group really liked watching the Pussy Cat pole dancers.
3	This was really just an ok place to eat in Vegas.  With so much selection we ended up here just due to the hours.  Everything else in the Hotel was closed and room service is not that great.  So munchbar is better that room service and that is all that I can say.
4	Came in to this little known eatery with a few of my friends from the nightlife industry, and I have to say I was a little surprised!The service was on point; from the host who met us at the door to the busser, this place has impeccable service.  Our server was Ashley, very friendly and outgoing, she made us feel right at home.  Even the owner of the place, a never say die New Yorker by the name of "Mush," was there to greet us and have a chat.I ordered the Bacon Bleu Burger, a item I personally recommend. The food was great, but this being a restaurant inside one of the most renowned casinos in the world, expect a hefty price tag.All in all, great food and great people.  Too bad this place is closing down (it was recently bought out by Pure Nightclub right next door.)
4	Got the Mahi Mahi tacos and wings to go. Waited in the bar and everything was great. Bar staff was friendly and the food came out quickly. It's a nice little spot to have lunch or maybe a quick bite in the afternoon. I really wanted to try the grilled cheese bites!
3	Walking around Caesars Palace to cool off and grab a snack.  This place was there and their menu seemed appetizing.  Decided to order from the takeout window instead of sitting down to eat.This place is right next to the sportsbook so if you're there, you can grab a snack and watch/bet on sports as well.Got the loaded waffle nachos.  Crispy waffle fries topped with some bacon, nacho cheese and sour cream.  Garnished with some parsley.Yes, there are better places to eat.  But sometimes you just want something quick while walking around.  Got our food pretty fast as well.
4	While on vacay, you eat & drink. This place just happened to be right there when we felt the need to continue to stuff our face with more food.We decided to order from take out rather than sit down. Ordered the loaded waffle nachos. They were yummy. Service was good too.
2	On first glance: trendy, hip, slightly upscale.Actual experience: Old processed food in a really nice hotel.The wife ordered a caesar salad and I got the chicken tenders and french fries.  Can't screw that up, right?  Wrong.My wife's caesar salad was brown.  The type of brown where you can't mistake these obvious spots on the lettuce, but the cook said "eff it" and served it anyway.  My chicken fingers were obviously not homemade, of the frozen kind just shoved in a fryer and served to me with similarly processed french fries in a slighly upscale presentation.When we sent the salad back, the waitress didn't even act surprised, like she saw it, served it, and knew it was coming back.   I ate half of the chicken fingers (because I was starving).  They took the salad off the bill.  We paid and left.And because the restaurant is "independently owned" we couldn't even earn Total Rewards points for my crappy meal.  In a hotel like Caesars Palace, needless to say we expected a lot better.
2	After a great day out and about, we crashed hard in the hotel room and woke up to find that everything was pretty much closing down. In a city that appears to never sleep, this was kind of disappointing. We were tired but hungry. We thought about walking the strip to find something but couldn't even bother to leave the hotel so after walking around a bit to find something - anything that was open at our hotel - we settled upon this place. Munchbar has an interesting view. If you like to see scantily clad women dancing with your dinner, this is your place. We were tired and not too interested so we sat elsewhere with basically a view of the slots but whatever. We just wanted food.The waitress was really perky for a late night. We were probably grumpy and just wanted food but she didn't catch on and kept trying to cheer us up and make small talk. Maybe she thought she wouldn't get a good enough tip if she didn't do so but in all honesty, we just wanted her to do her job and leave us alone. We were still groggy from our super long nap and a little irritated that we slept so long. You don't come to Vegas to sleep!My friend got the grilled cheese with the tomato soup and I got the chicken caesar wrap. After about two bites of food, we both decided we weren't impressed then we thought it was maybe because we were tired and ate some more unfortunately nothing changed after a few more bites. Her grilled cheese wasn't very cheesy. I think the cook only put one slice of cheese in the sandwich and it was a very weak flavor. The tomato soup tasted like a can of tomatoes with no flavors or spices at all. My wrap was heavily dressed. There was hardly any chicken or tomato all I got was a lot of lettuce and dressing and because of the overwhelming amount of dressing, the lettuce was super soggy. Bleh. The fries that came with the wrap were warm and later became ice cold. I couldn't even enjoy the fries. We ended up eating half of our meals and then going to a Walgreens to see if we could find something to supplement the bad experience.
