4	If opening night was any indication this will be a great & sorely needed addition to the West side. The strongest thing about Pinky's is not the car on the roof or the airbrushed hood by the bar, it's the menu. Yes, there are fried pickes, yes they serve burgers but there is more than that. For my first visit I ordered the Pterdactyl (their standard size burger). As more patties are added the name changes to a larger dinosaur. That should explain the concrete triceratops you'll see on Freedoom Drive. Standard lettuce, tomato, etc is available but I really encourage you to try the other topping combinations like Ding-Dong style: a ginger slaw, with crunchy peanut butter, and sriracha sauce. Cost: $3.75. They're still experimenting with some menu options so the side salad with balsamic vinaigrette I had will be replaced with a better value. When I go back I'll be trying a basket of popcorn shrimp that's paired with their waffle fries, and more of the slaw from my burger. Outside of fried food & carnivores there are multiple filling salads available, as well as sandwiches, and hot dogs that all had tempting descriptions.Layout of the space maximizes seating options with a long bench along the glass wall of tables for 2, high backed booths as a row in front of the bar, and more tables by the roll up glass garage doors. The vibe of the interior does have some automotive elements of its former home but I wouldn't say it's as dominating as the motorcycle theme is inside Mac's Speed Shop.The staff was very friendly and already had opinions on favorite menu items. One of the partners sat down to talk and shared their enthusiasm for the space. Their liquor shelves should be stocked by the end of the week and but I forgot to look at the beer list to have an opinion.I think they'll earn a 5th star, but a few more visits will tell.
4	You gotta love a restaurant with character and a story!  Remember the battle to save the beetle that went to city hall and was funded by neighbors who wanted to save the west side icon?  Painted red, white, and blue, the 1960's-era Volkswagen Beetle sits on the roof of a former car repair shop at the intersection of Morehead Street and Freedom Drive and is now home to Pinky's Westside Grill!When we arrived there was a small wait. Since we prefer to sit at the bar we walked right in (HINT HINT).  Up at the bar there are a couple of TV's for game days.  No alcohol yet but they are apparently in works to have it soon.  We took the bartender's suggestions on our food order.  1) Ding Dong Chicken:  Thai inspired grilled marinated chicken breast served on a bun with crunchy peanut butter, sriracha sauce, and honey cilantro slaw.  Sounds odd and had he not recommended it we would have never ordered it.  Different but really good!  I recommend you trying it too.  2)  Fish Tacos:  Two beer battered tilapia tacos on flour tortillas with cilantro-honey slaw and spicy ranch, served with a side of black beans.Fun place to experience!  Give it a shot!
2	Friends, let's be completely honest about the ding dong chicken.  It was sub par to say the least!   Before even getting to the ultimate fail of the peanut butter, the chicken "pattie" and cafeteria-like white bun really deflated any chance of this being worth it's cost.  Both were clearly mass produced, frozen, thawed, warmed and slopped on a plate after being cooked in an admittedly decent array of spices.  The only reason I ordered this particular sando was to partake on a thai like peanut/spice journey and to take my first bite and arrive with a thick schtick of crunchy Jif on the roof of my mouth couldn't have pissed me off more.  This sandwich seriously had potential, but it's like someone gave up along the way and settled for "this will do".That being said, I'm willing to give the joint another shot for two reasons:1.  The white bean hummus was tasty.2.  They were giving away free beer in lieu of not having secured their ABC permit.I sincerely hope this place makes it b/c it's great for the neighborhood, but I feel there are some menu offerings that need to step it up a notch.
5	I didn't even know Charlotte had a Westside. YeAH, WESTSIDE!! in my best gangsta voice.Pinky's is heading for success, it already has a comfortable feel, I can't believe they have only been open for a week, already feels established. I sat at the bar waiting for friends and this nice guy beside me shared his pimento cheese, seasoned waffle fries. He has a friend for life now. Sharing is caring. Guess what?  They passed my french fry barometer. Need I say more?My hot dog was delish, I tried a bite of a corndog- soooooooo good. The outer heavenly shell was sweet, light and a little bit of crunch. Corndogs are sent from heaven. Pinky's had a nice mix of customers, single fun drinkers, the child slingers and nice men who sit at bars and share their food with the ladies. P.S. I told him to start Yelping.  Our check average was $13 without tip -food and adult beverage. I think that is flippin' fantastic.I can see we are heading for a beautiful relationship. Crush factor: Orange
4	Ok so I was excited about this place opening before the whole #penguingate thing happened. However, since that did happen my first trip to Pinky's was to compare the offerings. I got what I usually get, a burger (Pterodactyl Burger west side style in this case), half order of fried pickles, and banana pudding at the end. Everything is just as good as I remember, all of it made even better by the free Yuengling, though I hope they get their ABC license soon just so I can have a variety to choose from. First test passed.My second trip I wanted to try something new so I tried the fish taco. Not the best I`ve had in Charlotte but, pretty darn good. Personally I think I will stick with just ordering burgers in future, but it's always good to have choices. Second test passed, but with a slightly lower grade.On top of the good food this place is alot closer to where I live now! I like the location, just the parking is horrible. I am not a fan of crossing freedom drive. Overall, I like Pinky's and I will be going back for years to come.
4	I Like not LOVE!!!I came in last week and I will say this place is sooo much bigger and shinier!! They sat us right away and we entered the second dining room with the garage doors! Very cool, and yet a little too cold inside maybe the heat wasn't working all that well but still I can see the appeal to sitting here on a nice day/night out!! We started with the Waffle fries with Pimento- Soo Good!! The fries were cooked perfectly with just the right amount of cheese on top!! I then moved on and had the Pterodactyl Burger with Cheese and Bacon- Meh it was good but the one at the Penquin was better (could've been the grease from all the years)!! I also had the Hotdog with just Sauerkraut-Good!  My Man Friend had the Buffalo Shrimp Tacos- Also Good! The service was just like it was at the Penguin and Im glad! It wasn't like some restaurants you go to and your server really hasn't a clue as to whats going on, so I was happy that everyone felt at ease with this new place just as much as I did. I will be back soon and look forward to trying other things on the menu!
4	I have been longing for the Penguin's fried pickles since they closed.  I tried The Burger Co, no dice, weird breading.  So when we stopped into Pinky's for lunch I HAD to try the pickles.  Don't tell anyone, but I think their fried pickles are better than Penguin's!  The ranch has some oomph to it that Penguin lacked.  I got the Matty Patty Melt.  it was fantastic.  The burgers are on the small side, but you can double any burger.  I can't wait to come back and try the corn dogs, especially the veggie corn dog and check out the beer list (drinking at noon on a Monday, kind of frowned upon)I love how varied the menu is, there is literally something for everyone.  You can't beat being able to satisfy even the most die hard greasy burger fan and a picky vegetarian at the same time.  my only complaint was with the waffle fries, they were pretty boring, but i'm sure smothered in pimento they'd be better.
3	Bah humbug, here comes the Grinch. I hate to always rain on the parade, but Public Enemy said it best; "Don't believe the hype"! I wasn't caught up in the allure of what happened with the whole "Happy Feet" fiasco. So I'm judging it for what it is; unadulterated and raw.Pinky's is a fine example of what happens with a clone or franchise. It's never as good as the original. I live across the street, but Pinky's is not the neighborhood locale. I love the decor, appreciate how they restored the original building, love the ambiance, hip crowd, pin up, rockabilly style that the employees rock but that's about as far as it goes. Good beer selection with great prices don't get me wrong, but as far as food, just your average run of the mill bar. The best item I had was the pimp'n pimento fries. The chicken wings were nothing special, a little soggy actually. While they were very meaty, they weren't the least bit crispy. The fish tacos were even worse, a little too fishy tasting. In a nutshell, Pinky's is a really cool spot to hang out at though. A good place to grab a drink, but not necessarily a prime spot to grab some grub. I guess that might be why it's classified as a diner on Yelp. Definitely worth checking out though. They really do have some unique menu items that will appeal to almost everyone.
3	So I dropped in here for lunch this week with the wife to see what all the fuss was about.  Having followed all the drama in the paper about what this place to become and how it almost became the "new" Penguin, I figured it was time for a taste test of my own.First of all, the parking is an afterthought that should have been a first thought as the location is not "neighborhood friendly."  The corner of Freedom and Morehead is not exactly the place you want to be darting across the street.  With only 6 real parking spots in front of Pinky's, the logistics of parking is something to keep in mind.  I found parking in a grassy lot off Morehead, just past the restaurant.  This space seemed like a go to for others as well.  I have no idea if this is 'legal' parking space, but my car was still there when I got back and there were no nasty-grams on the windshield, so...Moving on to the actual space, I quite liked the interior decor.  It was a mix between a bar, a man-cave and a tiki hut, all stuffed into a garage-type space with a juke box thrown in for good measure.  Where you sit will actually determine which theme you get.  My favorite were the two-seater booths adjacent to the bar, small and compact, but just enough space for a cozy lunch with non-stranger.I was glad to see a hostess station at the front door, something needed at more of the popular dives in town.  We were seated right away, being only a party of two.  I'd be leary of going here with a much larger party, not only did they have to wait, but pushing tables together here would be a little like one of those puzzle mazes- move the pieces around until the picture is formed.Service is attentive but very casual, most of the servers wear their body and facial piercings proudly along with their black t-shrts with Pinky's logo.  Just part of the local color as far as I am concerned.  I am very glad to see servers use the team approach- as in the person who took your drink order may not take your food order and also may not be the person who brings the food to the table.  This always makes me feel very "taken care of" and ensures drinks are refilled and food is served as soon as it comes from the kitchen.The menu is broken down into sections- apps, salads, burgers, dogs, and other sandwiches.  There is no consistent theme to the menu- from fresh falafel to a thai-style melange of toppings for your burger or dog.  This is not to say it's bad, just know that the options are plentiful and different.  I had the Falafel wrap and it was a little wimpy for me.  Falafel patties were a bit too mushy and the wrap was too big for the contents of the sandwich.  Slathering in too much tahini sauce did not help fill the void either- it just overpowered the other tastes.  I did not finish mine.  Now my wife had a burger and it was quite good.  Cooked nicely and the bun was a perfect mix of soft and chewy without being a total mess.  Did not try the Ding-Dong style , so I have no comments for this.  Something about peanut butter on a beef burger just didn't do it for me.  Sandwiches do not come with a side- you need to order separately.  Waffle fries were nice and crispy.  Note that a single order is enough for two to share- and they should be at a price of about $4.  Another tempting option was sweet potato fries- they will have to wait for another trip.Do not skip appetizers, though.  Seriously good friend pickles with a proper ranch sauce should be a must for most.  Thin-sliced pickle chips in a crispy friend batter, they way the should be.  No pickle spears, no wimpy breading.  This is a highlight for Pinky's.  I might just agree with others: these are an improvement over The Penguin's version (sacrilege, I know).  The bar has quite the selection of beers, including PBR tall boys.  Many micro draft selections abound too.  Had it not been a business day lunch, I'd have definitely had a beer with the pickles.  However, I do give Pinky's props for serving the huge glasses of tea or soda.  No frequent refills needed.So yeah, there are some issues here.  But I also found quite a bit to like.  Now as you might can piece together from our meal selections, this is not a place to be calorie-conscious- though you might could make it work with their salad selections (but then you'd miss all the really good stuff).  But sometimes you just have to follow the flavor, and Pinky's definitely has the start of something good there.
4	Had to visit a few times before I wrote my review, and I couldn't stay away from this place! I work down the street (walking distance) and couldn't be happier to  have Pinky's in the neighborhood. It was much needed. All the food I have tried so far was outstanding, burgers are great, huge hush puppies! Love the waffle fries! They have a large selection of "more healthy" eats for those who don't want a burger and waffle fries. Lots of great salads. The food here is very close to the Penguins, but dare I say it, I like the menu a lot better. Way more options, and I can't think of anything thats missing. The service is always top notch, and casually friendly. Really nice bar, with a decent beer selection too! Now that I wrote this, I think I know what i'm having for lunch! Thanks Pinky's!!
3	First H+H everything bagel, CC, tomato, blustery corner, eating it before the tomato lost its grasp and squished out.Bowl of Real Green Curry from Queens.First slice of ginormous, floppy DC style pizza.Mysterious bowl of eyeball-sized olives in London.First Paper Masala Dosa, Woodlands.First SFrito. Repeat. Repeat. repeatFirst hand-dipped, fresh-fried veggie corndog. Pinky's.They done did it - made it into my permanent food brain. I'm gonna take the memory of sweet, soft cornbread flavored just a tiny bit by the jumbo soydog beneath, slathered with yellow mustard, hot, steamy, perfect crust, yup, takin' it to my grave. Maybe I'll be all "Back when I was yer age, they knew how to dip a veggie corndog..." to some whippersnappers 40 years from now, you never know.There's a lotta Penguin-biting happening here, unsurprisingly. Juke box isn't as classic, but still, packed with good. Pickles are a perfect rendition (still marinated in buttermilk, sorry veganbuds!!). Pinto burger (you know, instead of black), lovely. Hummus (white bean this time, instead of black) decent. Falafel, classic (no beans atall, other than chickpea). It's like a little stroll down memory lane only across the street or something.If only ya'll could've kept your beaks out of Penguingate, I'd maybe be able to fall deeply in love. As it is, I'll just have to let the corndog craving build until I can't resist and feel slightly shamed driving out West to get my fix. Like others in this town have for decades, but for slightly less healthy addictions. Ya.
5	Between its role in Penguingate, the similarities of the menu and, y'know, Greg Auten, the chef who made the Penguin what it was, it's hard not to compare Pinky's to The Bird. But Pinky's stands up to the comparison and... dare I say it... may even be better.Penguin regulars will see many old friends on Pinky's menu, which includes fried pickles and "Pinky's Westside," aka a small block southern style. Tastewise, they hold their own. But Pinky's is striking out on its own, too. There are waffle fries on the menu, which are always welcome, and there are even--GASP!--some healthy options. The "kinda fried turkey" sandwich is delicious, with flavorful, perfectly poached turkey and bacon. The Nature Boy, Pinky's version of a veggie burger, is clearly housemade, a nice alternative to the Boca burger afterthoughts most restaurants throw at the vegetarians in the room. There's something for everyone on the menu without feeling like they threw everything on there.I'll always have a soft spot for the Penguin, but with more options, air conditioning and *almost* enough room for the hungry customers, I think it's safe to say Pinky's will do just fine on its own.
4	Love the decor.  The awesome color-changing specials board behind the bar is fun to look at, and my friend and I were seated immediately at the bar in the middle of the afternoon, past people who were also there in 2's but who apparently had something against immediate gratification.  Oh well, all the better for us!  Since I love anything with crab in it, we ordered the crab hush puppies.  They came piping hot, with tasty, tangy remoulade sauce accompanying.  After my friend and I had each tried one, our food came immediately...pretty much turning them into another side.  The waitress did apologize, saying that sometimes they came out early and sometimes it all came out at the same time.  Well, ok.  That's not really how the appetizer/entree system works, but they're in early days and CRAB HUSH PUPPIES HOW COULD I EVER BE MAD???  They were delicious, decadent and rich.  I also had the embarrassingly named 'Da Pimp' sandwich, which was my first ever time eating pimento cheese (I'm a terrible southerner, sorry guys!) and it was alright.  I guess I'm just not crazy about pimento cheese.  But, but, but, BUT!  As my side I ordered the beer battered fried squash, and, you guys.  They were.  So good.  Not totally smothered in batter, just a light, yet crispy coating, which allowed the squash flavor to shine along with the delicious crispiness.  It was only my first visit but I'll definitely be back.  I have to see how the burgers are and of course the fried pickles.  As far as the whole this vs. the Penguin thing, I intentionally didn't order anything that was the same from both menus, and what I had was delish.  So I suggest going there with no preconceived notions in your head and just enjoy good food and good beer.(p.s. park across the street by the head shop...it is decidedly very penguin-esque in it's parking situation...)
4	We just checked out Pinky's for the first time this week, and I'm happy to report that it's great.The fried pickles, as other reviews have covered, basically the same as at the old penguin, which is to say, probably the best in town.  (When Common House was open and before their spiral into mediocrity, they had my favorite fried pickles...)I got the Ding Dong burger, which has peanut butter and sriracha on it.  I liked it but wasn't blown away.  My wife got the veggie corndog and I took a couple bites.  Julia is right, it's delicious.Our friends were all happy with their dishes, and we got a pitcher of Shock Top, which is pretty decent for a cheap beer.I liked the layout of the place.  Very high ceilings give it an airy feel, and the big windows look out on the skyline and Morehead/Freedom Aves.Pinky's could easily become a go-to choice for late meals.  Thumbs way up.
2	I hate to compare, but face it, this is supposed to be a bit like The Penguin. Unfortunately, it is the Penguin, minus Plaza Midwood, the history, and the people. Relying on super greasy, fried foods and a full bar, Pinkies is located in West Charlotte, which is frankly kind of a bad place to be considering that all there is in this area of West Charlotte is hamburger joints.  The only reason it gets 2 stars is the fried pickles. Those fried pickles just have a way of making things better. I had the chicken tenders and my mom had a hamburger (I guess I should've been a little more creative, but I thought it would be difficult to mess up chicken tenders...guess not). Her hamburger came with nothing but well...a greasy hamburger in a basket. My chicken tenders were a bit burned, but the fries were great. We had 3 different waitresses checking up on us, but getting the check took a long time. A group came in (we went on a Monday afternoon...a teacher workday) and wanted to be seated, and getting enough tables together took about 10 minutes and space was very crammed. I'd like to think that this was because it was at prime lunchtime, but how in the world do they handle Saturday night crowds, especially when the parking lot has about 6 spots? Guess I'll have to go back someday and see.Overall, this is no Penguin, so don't go in looking for that. The food was eh, the service was eh, the location is eh, it just wasn't what I hoped it would be. I guess if I were old enough to drink I would've enjoyed it more...
5	If you like to jam out  to cool music and explore your adventurous side or let your hair down and be yourself - try Pinky's.  The menu is impressively more than just burgers and fries.  The food has a real flair and so does the staff working there.  Take a walk on your wild side and check it out  The only bad thing is there is limited parking and sometimes you have to park across the street.
5	Penguin was good but this place takes it up a notch on every level. The seating is more comfortable. It is a bit quieter but still energetic. The pickles are better than the penguin and I used to eat there three times a week. The chili pork sandwich was great. I thought it was going to be pulled pork but it was like a pork chop on a bun. I got it with Saracha for a kick.If you miss the penguin you will love this place!
4	Just.What.This.Area.Needed.Yep, Pinky's fills the quick, tasty, cheap food void in the Wesley Heights area with a stacked menu, cool place and really, really great staff. A bunch of yelp peeps dropped by Pinky's for a grand old time and I got to taste a smattering of stuffs. Some of my faves from the menu...Crab Hush Puppies: ZOMG. If a little crab made love to a hush puppy, this is its delicious baby. But it's also a big puppy. And served with a delicious tartar sauce. Oh, and there are 13 per order for $4.95. If that's not love, I don't know what is.Pimento Cheese Fries: A heart attack in a basket, and delicious. I don't know if I could (or ever should) eat an entire basket by my lonesome, but these were magnificent. Pterodactyl burger: A seemingly basic burger, but nicely seasoned and well cooked. Oh, and it's a steal at $4.25. Veggie Corn Dog: The only reason I tried this is simply because I didn't believe my buds that a veggie corn dog could be delicious. Oh, but it is. Veg heads celebrate!Fried Pickles: Perfectly fried with the light, crispy breading we all know and love. With the saucy sauce. Oh I'm a fan of you Pinky's and I'll be back soon...
4	Last night was my 1st visit with fellow Yelpers... I'm happy to say finally some cool dining/hangout options in that side of town.  I remember driving by this corner with the old service station, can't believe they got it all pretty up.  Heads up peeps, parking in the front is PRIME, but they obviously work out with the lot owner across the street (coming from uptown, go down Morehead, past the light @ Freedom, immediately on the left) for additional parking.  Be careful when you dash across toward the yummy smell of fried food.My 4-stars is a little... skewed.  Explanation: I am a fan of the restaurant but I didn't eat much.  But the fried pickle was good, a little thick in my opinion, but heck, it's fried and came with ranch... what more can a girl ask for?? The Crab Puppies were HUGE, as in size and portion.  For $5, that's a great starter to share.  OK, let's be realistic here, 5 bucks will NOT get you a mouth full of fresh crab meat.  But I could taste the crab taste.  My fav of last night visit, $1 Miller Highlife, the champagne of beer... with a twist of lime, and I got myself a poor man's corona!  The $3 cosmo was good, as in it was not weak :)  One day I'll update my review on the food... but for now, 4-stars for the location, the ambience, and the drinks.
4	I want to give this place one star just so it doesn't get ridiculously packed like it's twice removed cousin the Penguin.  However, I can't because it seems to be a little bit better, and some of those reasons are personal.  One reason is that it's a lot easier to get to and closer to my home and work.  Another reason is that it has more space.  And yet another is that they have better food - yes better food.  They have salads which are composed of mixed greens and fresh rather than shredded lettuce.  They have veggie corn dogs which my wife absolutely loved.  And the burger, although I ordered it well done, was still flavorful and juicy, with fresh green lettuce on it.  The service was good, and like the Penguin, it's very cheap.  I had not been in this neighborhood for a while, though I drive by it every day, and it has improved a lot over the last couple of years.  Pinky's should be the place that finally brings people into it.
4	So allegedly after talking to a few Charlotte locals, I was told that the guy who established Penguins Drive-in ( a fav grease spoon of mine) left and opened up this arrangement of total yumminess in your mouth. Well I tried the Veg hot dog and to my surprise is satisfied me in many ways. The crab puppies are to die for and the food was served fast and amazingly hot!A great eatery and the prices are very very decent and it was nice to see the menu has expanded and offers some new creations but keeps it very american with a twist of fun.
4	The portions are big, so get ready to share!!  I had the fried pickles, the burger melt, and the crab balls. They were all amazing.
5	Well, Pinky's can add another good review to their ever-growing list.  My only gripe with this place is that it is no longer right next to my residence in Midwood in its former incarnation as the Penguin.  That said, I'm thrilled that this little corner of Morehead St. is getting some love with new restaurants and yoga studios, and since it's so close to Uptown, it's not too out of the way to visit.I actually like this venue much better than the Penguin. As others have noted, the space at Pinky's is not just larger but nicer (the lighting, maybe?)  It has a really great ambiance and excellent jukebox.  We went on a weekend night, and they had great pitcher specials and very friendly service for our somewhat large group.  And, of course, the fried pickles were amazing--best in Charlotte, in my opinion.  I only had a veggie corndog, sans sides, which seemed a little skimpy to me given the price, but I'm going to expand my menu horizons at a later date and report back accordingly. In sum and in conclusion, I think this is a great place for a quick bite or to visit after work to unwind with a beer and a snack.
5	First time reviewer. Pinky's food is very good.  I am LONG time "waddling bird" customer and I have to say, Pinky's food is even better.  Now, I did NOT get a burger here.  Instead I got the fried pickles, white bean humus and a chicken/spinach salad (my creation) and they all 3 were very good.  I AM impressed.  Good job y'all!
1	We went here 2 weeks ago because we heard it was run by the same guys that Penguin kicked out... and we were super disappointed. Lets start with the "must have" crab hushpuppies... they were pretty burned and not all the great (even though the tarter sauce served with it was pretty great it couldn't save them) but at this point i didn't say anything.   My husband and I got our burgers and as I went to take my first bite noticed a huge nasty hair on my burger... GROSS!! our never present waitress couldn't be found (again) so the bartender saw me looking for someone and screamed across the bar @ me "what's up"? not wanting to scream back the problem she finally came over and saw why i wasn't happy. She said she would get me another burger immediately and left. so as i sit i go to snack on our fries... and they were hard as bricks... not crispy or slightly done my oil soaked old fries. gross again. by this time i was pretty ticked but still being nice. 20 minutes later another server flings a burger on the table at me and walks away... except it wasn't what i ordered!!! my husband said his burger was pretty dry and not that great too. by the time someone comes by again i tell them its not what i wanted, the girl picks up my burger goes to the bartender and they ensue on arguing about how i didn't know what I was talking about and what i did/ did not order in front of the whole bar, why they just didn't check the ticket was beyond me.  i ordered a simple burger!  By the time the girl came back over i told her to forget about it and we just wanted our check. she took off the hush puppies because of everything (which i totally appreciated) and boxed up the "replacement" burger and we left asap. Not impressed especially for all the raves!! we drove in from out of town and would have rather gone across the street to the other burger joint. Def won't go back. burgers were half ass and not worth the time.
4	I've been to Pinky's three times and every time I go my impression changes. Inconsistent, yes, but so far as I can tell trending toward improvement.The first time I went I ordered a White Trash Burger and I'm sorry to say I would not recommend it. While all the components sound delish it turns out to be too much fried in one place. On that trip we were also served blatantly stale waffle fries, but the space was nice, the folks had history and the service was nice so I vowed to try again.The second time I went was for an UYE and I began my love affair with their crab hush puppies. Y'all, you need to try them, even if you just stop in for an order and a Shiner Bock on tap  at the bar before you head somewhere else for dinner. The bartender was also fabulous that visit, refusing to let me leave him my debit card for my tab because they were fans of the honor system.The most recent time I went we hit the menu hard (possibly because we waited almost an hour and a half to get seated). Fried pickles, crab puppies, fried squash and burgers (I went with grilled onions and gorgonzola) along with some more Shiner and some shots. The waitress was intermittently attentive and the shots somehow go lost, but they were packed and another round was sent over comped so I won't fault them too much. All the food was tasty (I may have once again demolished the crab puppies) and the veggies were  fresh.You'll catch me back at Pinky's but I have a feeling I'm going to wait a few months before I try them on a weekend night again. Between the wait and the slim parking (even after taking over the tattoo parlor next door's lot) i'm just too darn impatient.
4	Most folks know the Pinky's back story, so I'll let it be and concentrate on the food. Food is solid IMO. Don't expect to be wowed with inventive food that comes from the farm. Pinky's hits the nail on the head with good, cheap food! I've had the fried pickles, regular burger, crab hush puppies (no need to get the bland regular ones) and the veggie corn dog. That's right, a veggie corn dog...and it's GOOD! Can't wait for the return visits! Oh yeah, most definitely a PBR joint!
3	I've been to Pinkys several times in the last few months. Honestly, it's been due to the recent PenguinGate of Charlotte. However, I will write this review not as a comparison but as an honest review. First, the service is very quick and the food delivers. The fried pickles are very delicious as are the burgers. The fried Chicken sandwich is also very good. I really like the fact that they have waffle fries but they do come with a little Cajun seasoning that I feel isn't enough. I wouldn't have even noticed it was there until I actually saw it. Their jukebox needs some work as it contains mostly mid to late 90's music. It's a great place to stop in for a good greasy meal but the decor is a bit flashy for me and lacks that certain down home dive restaurant feel that makes you want to linger ( I'm sure the music also plays a part). I say that if you find that you are lacking a good burger and fried pickles then this is the place to go.
2	I had high hopes for this place considering there was a relation to my favorite place to get a burger (Penguin) but what I found was sub par food and long waiting times (For a Saturday night) My family and I waited for about 40 minutes in a cramped area to get seated. Because we had a child and needed to seat her at the end of the booth due to limited seating, we were seated in the back area near the old garage doors, where there was a draft. We all kept our puffy winter coats on as we ate our dinner. We ordered fried pickles and burgers. The staff was attentive and kind, very on top of things so at the very least they deserve props for that, howeverThe food was not that good, way too greasy (It messed my stomach up and thats hard to do) the burgers tasted a bit off and the fried pickels were insanly greasy. The places wasn't really enjoyable enough for me to return.The one other positve thing I can say is that they had a great beer selection, something for everyone.
4	The Kinda Fried Turkey sandwich is amazing! Enough said.In a city where you can find pimento cheese everywhere, theirs stands out because they melt it over super yummy waffle fries. Oh, and brown the top for texture and extra flavor.Pickles were just OK and super greasy, so just go with the pimento cheese fries instead.
4	Went here last night around 11 with mi madre and was impressed upon walking in the door. It is very nice and comfortable inside, and the waitress was super helpful. Since we were just looking for a snack, we got the crab puppies and the pimento cheese fries, plus 2 beers.Crab Puppies: overcooked! they were almost black, and that just rubs me the wrong way (the Penguin did this alot too - I'd always order the hush puppies and 2 out of 5 times they'd be perfect, 3 out of 5 times they'd be almost burned). You could taste some crab once they cooled, but I was hoping for a bit more crab - the sauce that comes with it is great though! $4.95 for 13Pimento Cheese Fries: OH. MY. GOD. I don't even like pimento cheese but this was unreal. Waffle fries with the best pimento cheese ever on top. Chock full of green chilies, pimentos and cheeeeeese over a basket of frieds, this was too good. My mom is one of the reigning pimento cheese queens of the south and she almost liked the basket, so I think that says enough. $5.95 for an orderI would defintely go back but as a favor to my arteries, try the wasabi tuna salad, the green chile pork or the thai chicken sandwich.... NOMNOM!
5	Before going I gave them a call and got my name on the list. They had a table ready (even though there was a crowd) when we arrived. The pimiento cheese fries were incredible. They alone are worth the trip here. Equally good are the Crab puppies, sweet potato fries and burgers. I think it may even be better than the Penguin!
4	Home of Charlotte's one and only veggie corn dog!  And, it's a really good veggie corn dog to boot.  I'm not a vegetarian but definitely prefer veggie hot dogs to real hot dogs (for nutrition reasons, not taste).  I have ordered their veggie hot dog with veggie chili as well and often crave it.  So, needless to say yesterday when I visited, it was a tough decision between the new corn dog or the chili hot dog.  I wasn't disappointed.  I also had their homemade slaw (delicious!) and their appetizer order of hush puppies (a HUGE order for under $3 and they were mouthwatering with the tarter sauce).  Mmmm!  Next time I want to try the waffle fries with chili and cheese (duh, of course).  The location is the only real downside to this joint.  It borders a not-so-great part of town so I will probably only visit this place for lunch.  There's plenty of parking across the street so don't be fooled by the small lot.  The inside is funky and fun and the staff is cool.  All in all, it's a fun place to eat and it helps that the food is good.
5	PInky's is one of the best things to happen on the West side of Charlotte. Great service, great food, great bar. Try the White Trash Burger!
5	Ok,  From Orlando, lived in Charlotte in 2000 and 2001, when the Penquin opened, grew to love the Penquin and the trio! Miss you guys, and good luck with Pinky's, still need to find out WTF, but that'll come, Until next time! Rev IT!
5	WOW!!!  Was here Sunday for hangover food and it was fantastic!  I got the (I had to look up the spelling on this) Pterodactyl burger with everything and my friend got the White Trash burger, splitting fries, awesome meal for 12 bucks!!!  Food is out so fast, burgers were excellent and lots of people kept coming by our table to fill our water glasses.  There is even a dino out front you can pose on for your friends, hilarious!  Love it!  :-D
3	I am subtracting two stars here based on an experience I had this week.  Was here for drinks on a Tuesday night, the place wasnt packed so my friend and I sat at the bar.  There were two bartenders but obviously their friends were at the bar and they had zero interest in serving anyone else.  It took 15 minutes to get the menu, the bartenders could not have been ruder!!!  When i asked for a beer they didnt have she threw the beer list at me and didnt come back for another 15 minutes.  It was probably some of the worst service I have seen in Charlotte!  Take some midol beotch!!!
4	I love a good, solid burger, and the Penguin was always at the top of my list for that. Having said that? When I come to Pinky's, I am seduced by the Ding Dong Chicken. SO. GOOD. For starters - though I realise it's practically sacrilege to say so - I prefer the pimento chili fries over the fried pickles (too salty). The tahini salad is promising, but the dressing still needs some zip. After six visits, I feel pretty solid in giving it a four - good, all-around place, with a few misses (crab puppies have been hit or miss for me).
4	Cool place, the food is amazing....I love, love, love the 'ding dong chicken sandwich', the white trash burger and the pimento cheese fries. They are seriously the best fries in Charlotte. Some stuff is hit or miss, my kids got some over-fried food once, but they ate it anyway. I definitely am a fan. Can't eat here regularly or else I'd be 400 pounds, but it's good for a splurge!
4	Finally made it the short trip to Pinky's Westside and loved it.  Several of the servers from the Penguin and their former soup-genius chef have started this place and it is much more Penguin-like in atmosphere than the new Penguin.  The music is great.  The decor is a combination of saloon and auto garage (which it used to be).  The servers are helpful, attentive, and knowledgeable without being smothering.  Service is all with disposable utensils, which is a drag, but quite a bit of the food is to be eaten with hands anyways.There are many vegetarian options and, as before, the chef is wonderful about not adding gratuitous meat where it isn't needed (in vegetables or vegetable-based soups, for instance).  The menu is extensive and has soups, salads, appetizers, burgers, dogs, other sandwiches, and platters.I started with the crab hushpuppies and they made me wonder why every restaurant doesn't do them.  They were amazingly good and came 13 (large) to an order.  I took half of them home and they reheated well too.  For my mains, I got a southern style dog (chili, slaw, mustard, 86 the onions) and it was everything I hoped it would be.  I also got their version of the tuna melt (one of my mainstays back at the Penguin).  This version is asian inspired and has ginger and wasabi in it.  Delicious and juicy filling in a crispy, buttery toast.My partner, who is vegetarian, wasn't particularly hungry, but got a bowl of the veggie chili with cheese and onions and thought it was good, but less zippy than he expected.Overall, a great addition to my short list of favorite restaurants.  Parking is ample (across Morehead Street), but there aren't many tables.  We got there when they opened at 11 and by 11:30, there was a line out the door.  If you liked the way the Penguin used to be, or if you like authentic sandwich counter food done with great ingredients, Pinky's should be on your short list too.
5	Pinky's is one of the places I can always depend on to delight my greasy food cravings.  Of course they do offer more healthy options like salads, and vegetarian sandwiches, but let's not kid ourselves, you go here for the YUMMY food... the not so good for you food.My first trip I ordered the fried pickles, and the Tony Baloney.  I ordered it westside with chili, slaw, onions, and mustard.  It was decadent. I enjoyed every bite. The bologna is thick and meaty an the chili is made just right.  Of course, I had to eat it with a fork and knife becasue it was so messy.  The fried pickles, to me, were better than The Penguins. And, their ranch-- SO GOOD!!!Our next trip we ordered the crab puppies- think moist, sweet hushpuppies wtih a slight crab taste. They were also cooked very well and delicious.  I ordered a hot dog all the way and a corn dog.  The hot dog was good, but the CORN DOG-- OUT OF THIS WORLD!!! It's not your typical pull out of the freezer corn dog. Its' hand breaded, and fried so that the hot dog and the breading are juicy and cooked perfectly golden.  We took a few friends, and they loved it so much, that they returned 3 days later with their whole office for a lunch.If you haven't been, you must go! It's a crowd pleaser for sure.
5	Yum. Warning: Expect a wait; but the wait is well worth it! My order: Fried pickles and the Kinda Fried Turkey sandwich (herb coated turkey breast on a big bun, topped with melted provolone, bacon, basil, tomato & garlic-parmesan spread). Highly recommend the kinda fried turkey sammy. Pinky's deep-fries a full turkey that is completely herb coated then slices the turkey for the sandwiches. The turkey was moist, falls apart in your mouth and is extremely flavorful (probably the best tasting turkey I've ever had). The garlic parmesan spread was a perfect compliment to the turkey. The sandwich was so delicious that when I go back, I will definitely want to order this sandwich again due to fear that I might be semi-disappointed with a different dish (which I'm sure is unlikely). In regards to the fried pickles, they were also delightful - but I've noticed it's nearly impossible to screw up fried pickles. Also, they have diet cheerwine on "tap." Doesn't get much better than that. My bf had the Big John (6 oz chicken breast, fried or grilled topped with swiss cheese, bacon, honey mustard, lettuce & tomato on a seeded bun) with the vegetarian chili. He really enjoyed his meal as well - unfortunately, I can't comment any further as I didn't taste test them myself. Our server was attentive but not overbearing and the prices are affordable. If you haven't eaten at Pinky's yet you must add it to your "restaurant I want to eat at list" - or go there right now!
4	Checked out this place for the first time after living in Charlotte for the last few months. I often passed by Pinky's during lunch and was always impressed by the crowd. I finally caved in after seeing some of the reviews here and just had to check it out.Me and some others decided to head over for lunch on a Monday and with the weather being so fantastic were lucky enough to enjoy some of the semi-outdoor  seating (covered but with large garage doors opening up to the outside).Our order looked something like this...Hush Puppies to start.....The food was awesome if you are in a burger, hot dog and fried food type of mood. I cant say enough about the service. Out waitress was really laid back but attentive and personable.I'll give 4/5 because of the pricing. Although I wouldn't call this place expensive by any sense of the word the pricing did seem a bit off. For example, some things felt over-priced in comparison to other items on the menu.On the other hand, you couldn't beat the pitcher price of $9 for Shock Top. That was a deal we couldn't pass up.All in all, a great experience for awesome food, incredible service and a fantastic little outdoor seating area.
5	Those pimento cheese fries just got upped... BY PIMENTO CHEESE FRIES WITH VEGETARIAN CHILI! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhmazing. Seriously. These things are the nectar of the Gods.Tried the pork sandwich last night and my mouth threw a party - delicious sliced pork, pineapple, spring mixed greens and some delicious, light sour-cream based sauce lightly on the bun. So pleased with this choice, I debated buying another one to-go for lunch!Only gripe: no Olde Mecklenburg on tap!
4	I love the crab puppies, I love the Ding Dong Chicken sandwich, they serve Cheerwine- that could very possibly be my last meal. I can't tell you much else about the menu because I can't bring myself to order anything else. My kids seem to love the hotdogs, the fried squash was good but had to compete with the rest of the food and lost. Sorry, squash.I love the juke box, Galaga, and photo booth offerings. I do not love the long waits (but can deal with it) or the lack of parking- the lot across the street scares me at night.
4	I went three times in one week. It's just really good, casual food. The service is great, people are fun and Pinky's draws up the most diverse demography of people.
3	Wanting to feel like we were some of the cool kids, we stopped at Pinky's on a Saturday afternoon.  Good choice - they were almost empty, yet you still have to park across the street and it is like a live-action game of Frogger to make it to your food.  I do not even want to imagine what this place is like when they are busy.  Is it too much to ask that places get ample parking rather than having to look for it elsewhere?Once inside, the surroundings are nice.  For those looking to find the cramped-yet-homey feel of the old Penguin, look elsewhere.  This is more of a redone, upscale garage.  It works.  Even though there were not many customers, the service was on the slow side.  Friendly enough, just not all that motivated if you know what I mean.When it comes to the food is when things really shine.  In fact, the menu is so awesome that the actual food has trouble keeping up.  That is not to say that the food is bad - just that the descriptions on the menu get your taste buds in overdrive, and the service takes a touch longer than it should, so that by the time the food arrives, it could be perceived as a bit of a let down.All of the components are good, but they do not fit together just right.  Not yet, anyway.  Give it a try, give them a while to work out the kinks, and over time, I think you will be likely to see some improvement here.  Right now they still have some growing pains.
1	MAN OH MAN!!  So irritated with this place and probably will NEVER go back. First off we get there and are party was four and three of us were there..  the place was dead and not exactly busy  and not like it was a friday night. this was a Weds. The crappy deshevled hostess told us she couldnt sit us until our fourth person got here i was PISSED.  Secondly, get soem REAL PLATES AND SILVERWARE!!  They served a salad on a Styrofoam  plate with plastic silverware REALLY???  It was pathetic and ridiculous.  I ordered the Popcorn chicken which honestly was decent but my chicken was brunt and overcooked..  it came iwth Waffle fries which honestly you could get at  Chik Fil A.  Also they asked what kind of dipping sauces we wanted for our chicken I stated ranch and BBQ we only get one any other sauce its a 75 cents charge!!  If your so desperate to charge for every little thing then why open a restraunt??  The service was bad the food was ok and to be honest
5	Five stars. Yeah I know, right? Five stars for solid food. Good, cheap, delicious food. Five stars for atmosphere. Average service, but I won't let that detract.FOOD: Kinda Fried Turkey Sandwich is amazing, flavorful, delicious,  and huge. Also, the sweet potato fries are great, and you get a laaaarge amount. They really do have an extensive menu, and there were so many things I wanted to try, and vow to try in the future.ATMOSPHERE: Hipster and awesome, but still comfortable enough for a bunch of business men to get drunk on their lunch break (gotta love those close-knit tables). Only downside? Shittah parking.SERVICE: As attentive as she could be, considering the place was packed to the gills. Had to flag her down a few times, but that was to be expected. The ladies I was with did not appreciate her holding their bowls of soup by the lip, but that's not something I particularly care about in general.PRICE: Very decent. I am appreciative.Overall:NOMNOMNOOOOOOOM!
4	I can't get the pimento cheese chili fries out of my head. Seriously, and I ate lunch an hour ago. They're floating around my food brain, winking and smiling at me. Come get us, they're saying. Quick, before we get soggy.So, what is it that makes the place so good? Consistency. It isn't the quality of food - which at Pinky's is obviously artery-clogging. It isn't anything cutting edge or challenging, introducing you to new, wondrous flava combos. It's the fact that every time, every time I order those damn fries, they're a teetering, steaming mound of volcanic-hot waffles covered with perfectly browned cheese, a precisely-measured dollop of chili almost-omg-almost spilling past the wax paper keeping it all contained for the walk from the window to the table. 5 times now. A piece of food sculpture, almost. I stare at them for just a sec, enjoying them as an object, before diving in, forks flying. Recent discovery - yellow mustard is killer as a dip.They set a high bar, only to be approached by the corn dog and pickles. Falafel's getting better, but is still eh. Burger, pasty, good. Salads are totally edible, if you must, but not impressive. But the pickles, those gonna-be-the-huge-gut-of-me fries, and the corndog, at least one of the three has to head down my esophagus weekly or this happens - craving to the point of distraction.You win, Pinky's. You win.
3	Wanted to like this place more than the new Penguin.  New to area so never went to the old Penguin.  Maybe they are still working on the bumps and hiccups but one time everything was undercooked or wrong and the next time everything fried was WAY overdone.  It was like pickle jerky.  The redeamer is the Crab Hush Puppies.  Both times these are the belle of the ball.  May do these and a beer next time.  Will go again but may be a while.
5	Great food awesome service ask for daisy she's a gem
4	Solid! My son J and I ate here for lunch today, after sending my wife to NY for a business trip. As we walked in, I noticed this place has the ambience of a great American burger bar, with a Frankenstein poster on one wall, some Nascar remnants and a top of a beer making vat on the wall, and JBL speakers blasting some fine music at just the right level. A couple of muted monitors over the bar ran ESPN2 and some sports equipment infomercials.Sitting down, we noticed the menu is varied enough to satisfy anyone. The beer list is great, the mixed drink list is intriguing, and I'd love to come here with a group of adults in search of a good time. The smiling, artfully tattooed and nose-ringed waitress brought me a fresh cup of really fine coffee. My son had a Dr. Brown's Root Beer. We shared a small order of fried dill pickles before our sandwiches arrived. They were piping hot, lightly breaded, and served with a cool ranch dip. I ate so many I had a stomach ache later. They were better than I remembered them from the old Penguin.I had the Ding Dong Chicken Sandwich, a Thai-inspired concoction of grilled chicken, peanuts, lettuce, tomato, mayo, Sriracha, and other goodies on a sandwich bun. It was hot, tasty, and satisfying. J. had a Kinda Fried Turkey Sandwich. He was stuffed and happy, having washed it down with his root beer.The restaurant is a remodeled service station that was obviously around for a long, long, time, but it has been tastefully rebuilt, attractively furnished, and turned into a really cool, if small bar/restaurant. It was packed at noon this Sunday, with a mix of tattooed biker types, preppies, fashionable couples, and family types like us. We'll be back with the rest of the family to sample other things on the menu. I noticed enough vegetarian-friendly food on the menu to satisfy my daughter, a very picky eater with high expectations.
3	lara's review!my dad is in town this week, and we were able to go out for lunch together one day.  i told him about a new place called pinky's that i recently heard about.it's totally up his alley (and mine) because we both love burger dives.  located at the corner of freedom and morehead, it's not in the best part of town, so i probably wouldn't go there after dark, but i felt totally fine going there for lunch.  we saw all sorts of characters - business people out for lunch, moms and their kids, and lots of funky tattooed folks who work there.  i love places that attract an eclectic bunch, so to me, this was a sign that the food would be good, and was it ever.my dad got the ding dong style burger, and i got the maddy patty melt.  we shared a basket of fried pickles.  the ding dong style burger was crazy but delicious, according to my dad.  it's a burger with crunchy peanut butter, honey-cilantro slaw and hot sriracha sauce.  he loved the flavor explosion, and said he would order it again.  my maddy patty melt was equally good.  it's a five ounce burger with grilled onions, 1000 island dressing, swiss and american cheese hot pressed between two slices of texas toast.  it almost tasted like a burger covered in pimento cheese, with a little bit of a kick.  i would definitely order it again . . . although, i have to admit, the white trash burger caught my eye, and i don't think i'll be able to pass it up next time.  it's a five ounce burger with provolone, fried pickles, onion rings and spicy ranch sauce.  how good does that sound?our basket of fried pickles was the best i've ever had.  they were thinly sliced and lightly fried (is that an oxymoron?), and the ranch dipping sauce was perfect - not too thick, so it didn't overwhelm the flavor of the pickles, but complimented them perfectly.the portions were not huge, which usually annoys me, but, in this case, the portion was perfect for a lunchtime burger.  i didn't leave feeling stuffed, and i was pleasantly full.our burgers were between $4-$5 each, and the pickles were about $4, so it's a total "cheap eats" place.  the service was great even though the place was packed - friendly, fast, and attentive.  i can't wait to go back.  i might have to convince my family to join me there this weekend because i can't stop thinking about that white trash burger.  it's calling my name.
3	So I went to PWG with high hopes due to the average 4 star rating out of 5. While the experience was good, it unfortunately didn't merit the enthusiasm I felt going in. What I liked: - Prices. The majority of the entrees are at a $7-9 range and they are generous with portion sizes.- Atmosphere. It is laid back and comfortable. They play rock music in the background and the vibe is completely unpretentious. - Indoor & Outdoor seating is available. If my friend didn't have such bad allergies I would've asked for a patio table. What I didn't like: - The waitress was very unknowledgeable about veganism. I mean they are one of the few Charlotte restaurants that actually offer a decent vegetarian and vegan selection so for her not to answer basic vegan questions on the food was a bit poor reflection on the restaurant. - The quality of the food was mediocre. I asked for the white bean & rosemary hummus for an appetizer and it was just alright. My entree was the nature boy burger and it was on the bland side. It could be salvaged with different condiments though, it just lacked some kick. - They messed up on a bill for two. We asked for the check to be split and specified twice to our waitress on who to bill what. She came back in minutes and gave us incorrect checks. Fortunately a manager was close by and fixed it for us very quickly. Overall, I would go back here and give it another try. My friend had the falafel wrap sandwich and said it was really good. He also liked his basked of waffle fries. From the looks of his wrap, it did look pretty tasty. I think PWG has some pretty loyal locals so I doubt my review will make a dent in their business but thought I would share my two cents anyway.
3	i like pinkys, i sit down and order food and it gets to me. eventually. well, sort of. one time i ordered a grilled cheese and soup and they brought me a turkey burger. im extremely patient so for some people this might be a deal breaker, but it was okay. then it took a while for me to get that grilled cheese sandwich. in fact, it seemed like it was really hard for them to understand that on that day, with my tomato soup, i wanted a grilled cheese sandwich. in the end they only charged me for the soup and my glass of water. i never asked them to do that, so it was pretty surprising to see it on my bill. other than that, pinkys is alright. you get some food and you eat it and if you're there with a few people just make sure to have a lot of conversation topics because you'll be there for a while. seriously.
2	With high expectations we ventured to Pinky's to satisfy a craving for burgers and fried food.1) No one got sick2) Service was good3) Order was correct, no mistakes4) Ambiance - fun!5) Parking in a bail bonds parking lot. Thumbs up!However, the burgers were "meh." If this is a top burger in Charlotte, then I feel bad for the people of Charlotte. The burgers are a tad overcooked, but maybe that's the law.Fried pickles - high expecations - and they were juicy, but the batter didn't add to the dish. Meh.Crab hugh puppies - well, oddly addictive, but its like a cheap crab fried cake balls.Waffle fries - we thought these were the best thing about our meal.
3	I give this place 3 stars because it's A-Ok!  I had a burger and fried pickles here the other night.  My friend had a pita of sorts, but I cant remember which one.  I just recall that it was very bland and Thousand Island dressing was needed to give it a little kick.My burger was pretty good  but not out of this world great.  The fried pickles were average as well; not awesome but good!
4	cheap, good food.I'm partial to the pterodactyl w/everything and the fried pickles (and maybe some crab pups), but Pinky's never lets me down when I graze to other parts of the menu. I've never ordered something new and been disappointed, so that wins points in my book.  My only problem is that every time I want to try the taco special they're already out of it, but then again I don't always eat my meals at a respectable hour. Service is usually great- but sometimes just good, mixed drinks have never seemed weak, and you can't complain about the music or the nightly specials. I can take my parents there when they're in town or I can have a less respectable evening throwing back a few with friends, but best of all I could close my eyes and point to anything on the menu and be pretty satisfied with whatever it was, and the price attached to it.
3	Pretty much no parking. Literally 7 spots.  Good food but the wait can be really long during prime time.
4	Great diner. Fast service.  Atmosphere is cool.  Best in area . . . Just wish late night service was an option.
3	4 for the food, but I'm knocking off a star for our encounter with the SURLIEST hostess ever. We had a tables worth of people there already and were more than happy to sit down and start ordering drinks and snacks while waiting for the rest of our party to show since we were expecting to be spread out through a bunch of tables anyways but apparently that's totally not cool. And after everybody showed up and there were tables free where they could've fit all of us she separated us anyways. I don't even know what was going on there.Now anyways, onwards to the food and drinks. I was very appreciative that they had delicious, delicious Blenheim available. The crab puppies were amazing, and I had to stop myself from eating more than was fair from my foursome's shared appetizer order. For my main I chose the corndog shrimp and they were made with huge and delicious shrimp, although I'm still not entirely convinced that slightly sweet corndog batter goes well with shrimp. Waffle fries and southern slaw were good. So overall I'd probably go again if I could make sure I'd never encounter that hostess again.
4	Wow - pimento cheese burger, pimento cheese fries, $6 pitchers of beer. GO HERE NOW, don't walk, but run, fast! I am going back to try the peanut butter burger, my friend had it and he said it was awesome!!!Kid friendly and fun decor!
4	I stopped by this place for lunch because I'd good things about it, especially about the crab hush puppies! Finding a parking spot was much harder than expected during the lunch rush. Even with the parking lot across the street there are not enough spots for everyone to park, along with trying to run across the street once you finally get a spot.Walked inside and even though it was really busy, I got a seat at the bar pretty fast. Looking at the menu this is definitely not the place to go for the health conscious! Of course that's never deterred me before so I proceeded to order the crab puppies and a veggie dog. The hush puppies are amazing! Moist inside with big chunks of crab and a hot crisp layer of fried goodness on the outside that soaks up the wonderful tartar sauce. I could not get enough of these things! The veggie dog was also much better than I expected, it came with vegetarian chili and slaw and tasted almost like the real thing.The crowd here is very friendly as well drawing in a nice variety of people from business men to bikers and families. The waiters and host were very nice and accommodating, one even opened the door for me when I was walking in. Sitting at the bar I had a fun conversation with an eclectic gentleman about how he thought we were too connected to each other these days with our fancy cell phones and gadgets.You'll probably get a heart attack if you eat here too often, but you'll be happy doing it! As for me I'll have to plan visits here around trips to the gym so I can have some guilt free crab hush puppies.
4	Yet another on my quest to try the "Best" burger places in Charlotte.  I had lunch at Pinky's on a Saturday afternoon.  In a common trend now-a-days, Pinky's is in a repurposed gas station.  The weather was nice and they had the garage doors open.  I got there about 15-20 minutes after they opened so it wasn't too busy yet.  I ordered the mammoth burger, which is  two 5 oz patties.  I opted for everything, which is mayo, lettuce, tomato, onion & dill pickles.  I also ordered a side of waffle fries and a side of onion rings.  My food came out very quickly, I don't think I even had time to read the front page of my paper yet.  All the food looked delicious.  The burger was juicy, but didn't have as much flavor as I wanted.  Still it was very good, cooked to just being legal.  The waffle fries were hot and crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside, cooked perfectly.  The onion ring, well what can I say about those rings.  If I had to pick one word it would be nirvana.  They were some of the best onion rings I have ever had.  They were sliced thin, with the breading barely clinging to them.  The onions were sweet tasting and the breading had a nice flavor.  They did have quite a bit of grease though.  The service was fantastic.  It might have been because it was still slow, but most of the staff that passed by asked how everything was and if I needed anything, not just my server, but all the wait staff and even the hostess.  Not quite the best burger I've had in Charlotte, but it is close to the top.
5	Native Charlotteans know any place that names a burger after Ric Flair (Woooo!) is going to be good. If getting into a figure four leg lock with The Nature Boy (Woooo!) isn't your top choice of culinary entertainment, consider taking your baby to a bar with the White Trash Burger. Either way, do it right and get any of the burgers "Ding Dong Style": topped with crunchy peanut butter, honey-cilantro slaw and hot sriracha sauce. Pure taste bud debauchery.The nods to Charlotte icons continue with the Pterodactyl Burger, an homage to the now razed, but well-loved by Charlotte's underage citizens, alternative music nightclub which stood directly across from Pinky's Westside Grill on Freedom Drive in the late '80s and '90s.Owners Greg Auten, Andy Cauble and Dave Rhames are former managing chefs at The Penguin, and they've brought the ever popular Greg's Pickles (nee Fried), Hushpuppies and Corn Dogs with them. They also fought to keep the Volkswagen Beetle on top of their building, which was formerly home to Triple "G" Automotive, as the remaining sign in the parking lot attests.Choices from the menu are served up primarily by heavily inked, friendly, but way cooler than you staff. Selections from the jukebox, some of them local bands, accompany the consumption of Pimento Cheese Waffle Fries, daily specials and desserts like Cheerwine Pound Cake and specialty drinks. Framed photos of the Four Horsemen, one of whom is The Nature Boy himself (Woooo!), and NASCAR memorabilia watch over it all, reminding diners to remember their Charlotte roots.Additional parking for Pinky's is located across the street from the location at 1600 West Morehead Street in Charlotte. (Woooo!)
4	We finally had a chance this past Sunday evening to give Pinky's a try.  Luckily, we got there before the crowd, got one of the eight parking spaces in front, and were seated immediately.  The decor inside is playful and fun.  It's a very casual place, but not in a bad way.  We were a little confused by the service because we had no less than five servers visit our table, but I guess everyone just pitches in with every table and shares the tips at the end of the night?  You've gotta really like your co-workers for that, otherwise there's bound to be some hostility if someone's not pulling their weight.Pinky's has a large drink menu (with great regular prices), as well as more non-alcoholic choices that restaurants typically offer.  The prices are also excellent on their food menu.  Items are a la carte, but they're so affordable that you don't feel ripped off ordering them that way.  We split the Pimp'n Fries (pimento cheese melted over waffle fries) appetizer (big enough for two) for $5.95 and then each ordered a sandwich for an additional $5.  The appetizer was AMAZING.  I probably could have used more cheese, though, for the naked fries at the bottom of the pile.  I ordered the Green Chile Pork sandwich.  Having been to Santa Fe recently, I was imagining those types of spicy flavors, since Green Chile is a big thing there.  The sandwich ended up being more Hawaiian to me, though, with the pineapple on top and other sweet flavors.  No spiciness here.  It still tasted delicious, though, and was just the right size.  Everyone was super-friendly and we enjoyed the meal.  The only problem was that because everyone just pitches in, it's kind of like "the left hand not knowing what the right is doing."  It took awhile for us to get our fries appetizer and then when one of the servers picked up the empty basket, she asked, "Are you waiting on anything else?"  Uh yeah...our actual meal.  We waited quite awhile longer (and three drink refills) before our sandwiches were finally prepared and brought to us.  Then awhile after that for our check.  Luckily, we were still able to make our movie showtime, having budgeted some additional time.  All in all, we had a great time, and would return.  It's a great casual place to hang with friends, bring the family, or even out-of-town visitors.
4	I had the veggie burger because i felt like being different.  It was amazing.  I was waited on by a few people during my visit, but I don't really mind that as long as they keep my drink full and they did.
4	The crab hushpuppies are sooo delicious! You HAVE to get them! Their falafel is good too.
5	Great place!  Been wanting to make my way here for the longest time, but actually went last Saturday when I happened to be in the neighborhood.First thing that you get hit with before you even set foot in Pinky's is the character the place offers.  I think a couple of years back, people were trying to save the location since it had become an "eyesore."  Pinky's has a trademark volkswagon on it's roof (lookin' sharp with a new paint job) and I am really happy to see that they kept the original volkswagon service sign out front.  Other outdoor items to note are the large garage doors that can be opened during good weather... makes for a really cool eating place and indoor/outdoor space.  My other personal favorite is the triceratops statue sitting out in front of the building.  I was a sucker for triceratops as a little kid and apparently I am still a little kid since I am a sucker for it now.The food:  We were immediately greeted and seated and beers magically appeared on the table.  I decided to try the popcorn chicken basket since I was feeling hungry and craving some waffle fries.  The food came out quickly and was devoured quickly... hitting all the right spots.  I was a little less adventurous my first trip, but I plan to make a triumphant return and try the more exotic/unique menu items!
4	Finally tried out Pinky's for dinner and loved it!  The menu consists of basic American grill food with a few twists.  I had some delicious fried fish tacos that lulled me close to food narcolepsy.  Atmosphere is casual and personable, with good service - I felt like I was in a neighborhood hangout (though this little section of town is more of a crossroads than a neighborhood).  The bar area is great, with some nice selections on tap.  Pricing is affordable as well - on both the food and drinks.  I was amused that the food was served with plastic utensils and disposable trays and would have liked to see something more solid - but I guess it adds to the atmosphere and savings on a dishwasher?  Brilliant place for casual dining and relaxing.
4	Pinky's has far and away redeemed themselves for any early inconsistency issues. Over the last several trips I have gotten a delicious, quality burger every time. The crab puppies are still absolutely amazing and the draft beer selection is above par. I returned on a Saturday again and either their crowds have died down or their super quick service has managed them since there was no longer a 2 hour wair, we were seated right away. They have come away a clear winner and a fixture on my rotating cravings list.
4	It's good to see that Pinky's has finally got it together.This is reviewing the take out at Pinky's.After having two take-out orders previously, we (3 of us from work) were very disappointed in the quality of food vs the price.   This time was a welcome change as the food was hot, fresh, correct, and very tasty.  Since we use to make the trek to the penguin, one would expect a few changes and breaking in period before the same level of quality would be reached here at Pinky's......well, let me tell you, the food is good!My secret to having takeout is to place the order between 11:00 - 11:20am , that way you are one of the first ones to be in the restaurant when the other folks are just getting ready to head to lunch.  No lines, no looking for parking spaces, but let me assure you, eating at that early time slot takes some getting use to unless you are still in high school where lunch starts around 10:45am.So I had the mammoth burger, 2-5 oz patties, with provolone cheese and bacon.  My Grease-O-Meter was running hot, and there is just nothing like having a big huge piece of hot meat in your mouth with a little cheese and bacon, oozing out of the corner of your mouth......OMG that sounded kinda gross when you read that didn't it.  (SORRY) we are talking about the burger!My co-worker had the buffalo bites, I stole one from his plate while I was bringing the food back to work, and I must say that was delicious! Ssshhh don't say anything, but I had to ask him how they were, so he offered (another) chicken bite so that I may taste it. Just like the first one, it was excellent! I would consider the buffalo chicken bites next time as it did come with fries, unlike the burgers.  I give these guys a fighting chance.....after all you have to be tough to have a name like Pinky's on the West Side of Charlotte.Overall, this location has greatly improved. I am only speaking of the takeout as I just do not have enough time at lunch to dine in and review the service of a full meal.If you like the Penguin, you'll get a the same type of feeling here, good food, small space, no parking, long lines, and yes, some pricey food.  Located (For us cool kids ....across the street from "The Pterodactyl Club")  (Now bulldozed and no longer a part of the scenery - RIP)Located for the newbies to Charlotte, at the corner of Morehead St and the intersection of Freedom Dr.NCFoodGuy
4	My husband took me here and I really enjoyed the White trash burger. The fried pickles were thin, crisp and served with a homemade ranch that was great! We sat in the garage and they had the door open with a nice view of the city and a light breeze. Service was friendly and food came out quick. Definitely going again if I'm over that way.
5	A must place to eat at. The fried pickles are out of this world. Corn dogs - so fresh!!! The white trash burger is the bomb. And who would have thought peanut butter on a chicken sandwich would be good?Just a great place to eat  - atmosphere is awesome and service very good!!!
4	My friends just got a job at Panthers stadium and suggested we grab a quick bite. The diner had great character. It wasn't too big or too small. We both got the buffalo chicken fingers and as much dipping sauce as we wanted. My meal wasn't the most interesting thing on the menu, but it hit the spot!. The service was one of the best parts! I think we had three different waiters follow up with us throughout the meal. Next time I'm going to be a little bit more adventurous and get fried pickles!
3	Fried pickles and pimiento cheese fries to start for the table.  May have been overkill but they were pretty good.  Burgers were the main entree and hit the spot.  Small parking lot, but service was good.
4	Went here for the second time and this time I was sober enough to review it. It's a good eclectic style diner. It has a hipster feel with a biker twist. Luckily, more of the first. They have a great mixed drink selection and beer selection. I had the Tahini Salad and quite literally bottom less coffee since I had about 4 by the end of the meal.  The meal was quite filling and the falafel was great!! My family also was very impressed with their meals. I am definitely looking forward to the next time I go in.My only complaint about Pinky's and this could be the hippy in me. Yet, I really would rather have my food served on real plates not paper/plastic and some real silverware would be great too. It's really hard for me to review a place that serves PBR tallboys and has a good vegan//vegetarian selection in the South.
4	2 words: Pimpin fries. Home fries smothered in hot, delicious pimento cheese. You can never go wrong. The white trash burger, which comes with fried pickle, is also tdf. Coupled with regular beer specials and an awesome jukebox (wu-tang clan, anyone?), you just can't go wrong at Pinky's.
4	Had the White Trash Burger (burger, onion rings, fried pickles & sauce) with a side of sweet potatoe fries and tall glass of sweet tea! DELICIOUS! Kinda small and could pose difficulties parking if it was a full house but the decor was chill (used to be an old mechanics shop) and beer selection seems just fine. There's a good assortment of meat-lover's and veggie-lover's grub. Sandwiches are served al a carte but really is enough even when you're super hungry. None-the-less I got some perfectly cooked sweet potatoe fries. From what I saw of the place, I wouldn't recommend it for large groups so have no more than 4 ppl in the group. Just a suggestion. Otherwise, friendly people, good food and good atmosphere!
5	Awesome food. The place is filled with funky decor and a juke box that has great music. Friendly and great service.
2	I wish I had a better review for Pinky's. My friends love this place and will probably persecute me for down playing its appeal.Though a fine place for a PBR in "the scene," I've never left Pinky's feeling good about myself.If you are down for a deep fried appeltizer, followed by a deep fried entree, and topping it off with a deep fried dessert, you have found your home. Make sure to get a side of butter and mayo and let the coma commense.
4	Cheap, Friendly Service (when needed), and definitely an awesome burger. When I first stepped into the restaurant for a team meeting, I was noticed and greeted. I loved the feeling of the restaurant as if it was very different. I believe they converted the restaurant from a garage because I saw the garage doors as well. It was unique.I ordered the mammoth burger, which had two five ounce patties on a burger provolone cheese and everything else. It was awesome. We also ordered some beers, I enjoyed the summer ale as well as their porters. It's a place where I would go again and again.
3	I'm on the fence about Pinky's.  I've been twice and the menu reads great and both times I got excited, but in the end found the food didn't live up to the description.  I hate it when that happens! We tried different dishes each time and while they were all fine, none of them delivered the punch we expected.  We've had great service both times and the place itself is clean and fun/inviting.  Maybe I just haven't ordered the right thing yet?
5	A favorite ... Coming here always feels like home. Real comfort food and amazing hospitality. The very first time we walked in we felt welcomed.Try the crab puppies .. Regular hushpuppies will never be good enough again.
4	Yummmm! So good.  Cheap food, great specials and a good atmosphere.
5	A. The service is ALWAYS  amazing, even if the place is packedB. The natureboy (their veggie burger) is an awesome version of a bean burger, and you can get it any way you want it...which is a veg dream. No more boring black bean burgers or frozen veggie patties.C. HELLO fountain Cheerwine.I'm a pretty picky vegetarian, with a basket of food allergies, and i've never been disappointed with anything I have tried so far!
4	I have waited to post a review of Pinky's to give it a fair shake.  I'm a Westside townie, so I wanted to let them work out some kinks and try some stuff before I posted. I'm glad I did because the first couple things I ordered were not as good as expected but I persevered and found some stuff that is crave-worthy. My hubs loves the Green Chile Pork sandwich and Ding Dong Chicken Sandwich with slaw, PB and Sriracha (and the burgers).  I like the fish tacos and the shrimp tacos a lot, though I can't get the honey cilantro slaw because I'm allergic. Usually they will cut up some cabbage and throw it in for me plain, which is nice.  The fish is fried perfectly and rivals (gasp!) Cabo Fish Taco. Way better prepared than Cantina.The Pterodactyl burger is good and juicy and definitely outdoes neighbor Burger Co's plain burger, but inversely, Pinky's turkey burger falls short and is a bit bland. There are lots of unique ways to order your burgers/dogs so I think you'll have happy taste buds.Greg's Pickles are exactly what you'd expect.  Lots of people LOVE the crab puppies (hushpuppies with a tiny bit of crab) but we were underwhelmed. Stick w/ the pickles or other apps.  I would suggest steering clear of the falafel. The flavor was off for me- perhaps too much coriander or similar spice? I couldn't finish it.  Service is usually friendly, but food delivery is almost always slow. Don't go here if you have a tight lunch break because they are almost always slammed. Don't assume you'll get a table right away, but it's easier if it's party of 2.  Luckily I can walk, so I don't have to deal with tough parking. Within the last couple months they opened their outdoor patio, so there's even more seating under a shade sail. I think you'll find it's worth it though with some unique menu items.
4	Ahh, Pinky's. Upon moving to the Charlotte area for the summer, my roommates and I set out to find a one-of-a-kind restaurant in the area to try out. After doing a little searching online, we settled on Pinky's and headed over to try it out.Before I delve any deeper into this review, I have a bone to pick. There are those of you who claim that the food here is "too fried" or leaves you feeling sick after. This is not a healthy restaurant. You don't come to Pinky's to get a little foo-foo salad with your foo-foo strawberry balsalmic dressing and a side of foo-foo fruit. And Pinky's doesn't try to sell themselves as that kind of restaurant. With that being said, here we go.Pinky's is terrific. You would be hard pressed to find a restaurant in Charlotte that has the kind of character and atmosphere as Pinky's. My favorite time to visit is later in the night during the summer, when it's cool enough to sit outside. It's the perfect place to sit down and enjoy a few beers and laughs with friends.Every time I come, we always start out with an order of the pimento cheese fries to share. Yes, you heard me correctly. These are greasy, pipin' hot french fries smothered in that scrumptious pimento cheese Southerners die for. Now, I have some health conscious friends, but let me tell you that everytime we order these, it's a full-out brawl as people fight to get the last few bites. These are a must-try appetizer, and if you're feeling extra ambitious, you can add bacon and chilli. After gorging myself with the pimento fries, I ordered the White Trash Burger. Loaded with fried pickles, onion rings, and provolone cheese, and topped off with spicy ranch, this burger isn't for the faint of heart. Just a warning...your waiter might try to persuade you into adding another patty to your burger. One patty is MORE than enough, and unless you want to induce a heart attack on  your drive home, I would advise you to steer clear of this. My roommate ordered the Tahini Salad, which far exceeded her expectations. Who knew Pinky's could also make a mean falafel? The other roommate ordered a corndog and stated that it was "the best corndog she's ever had." The servers here are great; always making sure that your glass is filled up, and never hesitate to offer their recommendations on what to get. Prices are great, and portion sizes are huge.Pinky's is definitely worth a visit at least once during your time in Charlotte, and I think you'll find you'll be happy you came...although I'm not sure your scale will be as appreciative.
2	While the food is SERIOUSLY greasy, it isn't half bad.  I like the sweet potato fries the best.  But the food is seriously, seriously greasy.  Best eaten with beer.I'm only giving this 2 stars because the service is awful and the booth seating is cramped.  I ended up switching to take out because my waitress was so rude to me when she finally came over to take my order. I don't plan on ever coming back, but I give the owner credit.  He is totally professional, and runs an overall good business, but I don't know where he hired his wait staff from.I wouldn't recommend coming here at night to hang out unless you're into the whole biker, tattoo thing.  That's the crowd I always see drinking there and it can get a little ghetto on the weekend nights.  Even the waitresses look like that.  Just not my crowd, but it could be your thing.
3	Went here today with a few friends. The food here is pretty cheap and the portions were good. The service here was quick and friendly, we always had staff check up on our table with little disturbance to us. The music selection here is excellent, plus you can pick music from the jukebox up front! So onto the food, we shared three appetizers:Greg's Pickles (Fried dill pickle chips) - served with ranch dip, nothing spectacular but it was pretty good.Pimp'n Fries - melted cheese over waffle fries, if you get this ADD THE BACON, but again it wasn't spectacular or one of the best fries I've had.CRAB PUPPIES - NOW THIS WAS AMAZING, basically these are hushpuppies with crabmeat served with a dipping sauce (I could not remember what the dipping sauce was but it was awesome). They were crispy, sweet, and deeeelicious! I'd go back to Pinky's just for these!Then, I had their Pterodactyl burger with everything on it and cheese added. It wasn't anything special, just felt like another burger to me, plus the meat was a little on the dry side which was a little bit offputting to me, but it was a decent burger.I want to give Pinky's 4 stars for the atmosphere and great service, but the food wasn't super amazing to me, I'd be willing to go back to Pinky's to try other items on the menu though. I'd give Pinky's 3.5 stars if I could.
4	We definitely enjoyed this place.  The service was incredibly fast and reasonably friendly.  The food was good.  Nothing spectacular, but exactly what we were looking for.  I had a basic burger and fries and my wife got the white trash burger w/ the fried pickles on it.  Great sweet tea.  I'd definitely recommend it if you're looking for a good quick burger fix.
2	All hype and no substance. From the people that brought you the Penguin - another overrated establishment -comes another pseudo- east village hangout for biker wanna be's. Food is uneventful. Here' it's all about saying you were there. Has a seating capacity of about 4 in the entire place.Good luck trying to find a seat at lunchtime or weekends. The Neighborhood is what they call Wesley Heights. I call it the seedy edge of uptown. Save your money and check out Dish in Plaza Midwood,
5	Whenever I feel the need to punish my cardiovascular system, Pinky's is the one place I'll go to. What's surprising and pleasant about Pinky's is that for all of the heart-attacks-on-a-bun they offer, there's quite a few healthier options to choose from. I always enjoy the Green Chile Pork sandwich, marinated pork grilled with pineapple slices, melted swiss cheese, arugula and jamaican mayonnaise on a seeded bun. Delicious! And I chase that burger down with some chili fries and a PBR. I did say "healthy," right? Oh, screw it. My personal trainer can get pissed off at me all she wants. Pinky's satisfies my craving for greasy delights, ever since the demise of the original Penguin - I still miss that joint. In fact, some of the staff from the former Penguin have made their way to Pinky's, so it's nice to see them there. So whenever I feel the need to tell my body to go get bent, and load myself up on dripping grease and stupidly hot fried pickles, we make a bee line for Pinky's, and gladly wait for a table. It does stay crowded - seriously, I waited 30 minutes for a table at 3PM! - so get there early. Pinky's will not disappoint.
4	Why start a diet on Friday?  Especially since I have never been to Pinky's and Pinky's has so much that I like:  Fried Pickles,  Hot Chip's (not the dancers) made to order (these are the thinnest and Best Potato Chips I have ever eaten), Onion Rings (sliced very thin and very lightly battered), Hot Dogs made to order (he wrote it down and they executed it perfectly - no slaw, light on the chili, super light on the mustard, 100% Beef frank, heavy on the ONION), Fried Squash, Cheerwine Cake, Sunkist Cake.  Team oriented staff took very good care of me (yeah  was alone and ate it all - if you think I'm a pig consider this...  Before arriving at Pinky's I ate a full lunch at 1:00pm and I got here at 2:00pm so uuuhhhh - I'm not a pig I'm a wild Boar.  Sweet Tarts for dinner!  What would I recommend?  Bring at least three people with you so you can have a taste of everything or just invite me and you'll be able to maintain your diet because I will eat it all!  I haven't finished with their menu yet!  When I go back I will get the sweet potato fries, repeat the onion rings and chips and check out something else.  The Cheerwine Cake I do recommend the Sunkist cake was good though not my preference.  Would definitely repeat the hot dog, maybe the fried pickles, though not the fried squash.If you are a fan of Grease (not the movie) you may find Pinky's slightly on the light side.  Though plenty greasy for me it was not as greasy as I imagined!  If I say "the diet starts Monday" will you read my reviews for Monday, cause I'm going out and I doubt there will be any restraint!
1	Their service is great but the food will make you ill! I tried different things to see if maybe it was just the popcorn chicken that made me sick, but everything gave me terrible stomach pain for over a day. Do NOT eat here!
4	We went for lunch on Friday and they had their fried flounder for a special! Yay! Crispy, flavorful and light with just the right amount of seasoning. Loved the slaw, tartar sauce and fries (waffle style). I would have loved to have had a beer, but we had to go back to work! It's no problem to park across the street for this delicious food!
4	Pinky's Westside Grill was great. I had the White Trash Burger and my husband had a patty melt with a turkey burger. It was great! Service was great! I've never had a burger with fried pickles and fried onion rings. It was oh so beautifully fatty and good. Yummmm now I want to go back! :)
3	This place got dangerously close to 2 stars today.  I am not ready to go that low, but they deserve no more than 3.  If this was my first time here they would have definitely got 2 stars.  The crab puppies were flavorless and burnt, didn't come with tartar sauce like they were supposed go, my salad was brought without any dressing and everyone else was done eating by the time I got it.  The kinda fried turkey salad was also very weak.  I ordered it with no onions, it came with onions anyway, the turkey was basically lunchmeat turkey and there wasn't much of it.  The only good thing today at Pinky's were the fried pickles.  Oh, the styrofoam plate the salad was served on didn't help either.
2	Normally Yelp leads me to places I really like while I'm traveling for work, but unfortunately, I wasn't all that impressed by Pinky's. The ambiance was neat - this diner-ish place is housed in a converted gas station. Loved the music that was playing and the smorgasbord of options on the menu. But my food was just meh. Started out with veggie chili. It was ok, but nothing special. Split the falafel balls and the friend pickles with a coworker. The falafel balls seemed pretty flavorless to me and in contrast, the fried pickles were way too salty. (and this is coming from a girl who drinks pickle juice, so that tells you how salty they were) I had a very unmemorable veggie sandwich on pita bread. I may be spoiled because where I live, fresh pita is served just about everywhere, but their pita tasted like the wonder bread of pita. My coworker had the fish tacos. We'd been to a place the night before with really amazing tacos (hello, Krazy Fish) so he wasn't all that impressed wither. I was also a little put off by all of the plastic/styrofoam dinnerware. I understand that they're going for the divey kind of atmosphere, but...I thought I was going to puncture my plate at one point. Overall, this was a sub par experience. I think this would be the kind of place I'd like to drink at...but I don't think I'd ever go back for food. But at least the drive to Pinky's allowed me to see a lot of the city!
4	The white trash burger - Mmm!  Very cool atmosphere too.  I'm glad this place opened up in Wesley Heights.
4	Had my first visit here just the other week and it was finally a dream come true.  I had heard such good things I just couldn't wait to give this place a shot.  I came away feeling that this place deserved the hype it's given.  I love the menu, cute play on names that describe each dish and the outdoor seating is nice b/c of how you can feel the outside elements yet be protected from the weather at the same time given the fact it's actually still inside.  I had the Tony Bologna (Boloney) and loved it.  It's rare to be able to get a true redneck style dish around here anymore but alas this place has it!  My only suggestion would be better drink specials, everything else seemed quite perfect in my opinion.
5	Man at Costco: Hey Dion! How do you like Charlotte? Me: Love it...lots to do, friendly people, the weather...great places to eat. Man at Costco: have you been to Pinky's? Aww man, imma telling you, if y haven't, just go to Pinky's! (This guy proceeded to tell me how fabulous the restaurant is for a good 5 minutes. Damn. I better go...I didn't want to let him down!)Pinky's is like a traditional diner...but so much more! Loud, eclectic music, tattoos friendly servers, nice retro tiki infused decor, lots of drinks and cheap, delicious grub. The crab hush puppies are just what everyone says they are. Deliciously soft and tender on the inside, with plenty of crab bits, nicely crisp exterior. The batter and crab is slightly sweet, and the tartar has a nice creamy tang. Big portion for the price. Veggie chili dog: dios mio! The soy dog is dee-lonk-u-lous. I'm a meat eater, but didn't feel like the heaviness of a meat dog. The soy is slightly smoky, the chili flavorful and the slaw sweet and crunch. I like their buns, steamed and sort and perfectly squishy. Squash Chips: my only criticism is I'd like the slices to be a bit thicker for squash taste...but other than that, also delicious. Not too much batter to weigh things down. Comes with a cool ranch. Falafel sandwich: can run with the best of em. Flavorful, lots of depth from hummus and pickled veggies. Banana Pudding: this is the super creamy kind-- not too yellow, lots of banana slices and vanilla wafers. The bananas were a bit too brown in some spots...but that's what bananas do when exposed to air. Delicious and rich. The servers are efficient and friendly, will make suggestions if asked. Liked the plastic disposable plates, which made things easy and super casual.  The bathroom is super clean and surprisingly upscale. Our bill was less than $26 including a sweet tea. We left stuffed and happy and planning our next visit and what to order!
3	Don't shoot the reviewer but I wasn't that impressed with Pinky's.  It wasn't a bad experience but it wasn't fantastic.  First, I can see why Pinky's had to place a car on their roof, there is just nowhere to park your damn car!  Thankfully, we noticed a sign that pointed to a lot across the street for Pinky's patrons.  Once we got in, it was slammed; however, duly noted is its small size, so slammed is relative. In any case, we got a small bar top table just big enough for 2 people.  The weird thing is that we literally had about 4 different servers.  I think it was technically a "pick-up" table (for those of you who serve) but a waitress came over, and then a bartender, and then another bartender, and then a different waitress.  I really have no idea what was going on. The plus is that we never needed to ask for refills!  The menu, in theory, looked amazing.  I love the cool titles and the unique items offered.  Who can't laugh at a "Weiner Wonderland" section?  I just found my food to be mediocre.  Everything seemed very fried.  It was almost an artery overload that made me feel a bit nauseous.  I have mixed feelings about returning but will be open to reading future reviews that may change my mind!
4	This story ends with me on my couch at 1 am, swearing I was only going to eat one of my leftover crab puppies and, of course, eating them all. And they're just as good cold as they are hot- maybe better. That is one delicious ball of yum. Let's back up and say that I've been here before, but it's been awhile. I can't get the White Trash Burger out of my head though. That, plus the beer list and the atmosphere and you've got a winner. I still haven't tried the corn dogs but they're on my to-do list.I know others have mentioned the parking, but it really is a big sore spot to this otherwise excellent restaurant. I had to turn around twice to be able to even get into the lot across the street (with the tattoo parlor) and then almost hit a Pinky's-bound pedestrian while I was turning in. I hate to be all Complainy Complainerson, but it really is a pain in the ass to get to.
3	As a lifelong resident of the Queen City, all 53 years spent proudly on the West side, I am glad to see that there is some measure of revitalization along, at least, parts of Freedom Drive. I was very happy when Pinky's moved in. Previous rave reviews by others aside, I am not totally wowed by this restaurant. They do some things right, and to be fair, I have not tried everything on the menu. My wife and I started with the crab puppies. They were pretty good. I am an avowed hush puppy lover and these were good. Think the inside breading part of those cheap deviled crabs rolled into a ball and deep fried. The dipping sauce was good too with a slightly spicy, old bay kind of hint to it. The waffle fries were not great. I felt like they had been sitting around for a little while. They were warm, but not piping hot, and a little tough, but not greasy in the least but not crispy either. The regular burger, westside style ( Mustard, chili, slaw, & onions) was OK. the toppings and the bun were great but the patty just so-so. a tad dry without a lot of flavor, nobody comes here to lose weight, so maybe more fat in the mix would up the flavor quotient. . I know that the Great state of NC handicaps restaurants by dictating that they cook burgers well done, so I will not put all the blame on Pinky. My wife had the same criticism for the white trash burger. toppings were slightly better than the patty and the spicy sauce was the only thing that gave it any interest, the rest was just flavorless texture. The one brightly shining star from this visit was the Viking Corn Dog. Even a Harding Ram like myself can't help loving this masterpiece. Piping hot. crisp and golden brown, the dog was high quality and salty and savory, while the coating was slightly sweet, and the perfect thickness to compliment the dog. We loved the atmosphere, service was very good,  and parking was not a problem, but we were there at 2:30 on a Sunday afternoon during the Panther's game, I understand they can get pretty crowded at other times. Keep up the good work on the things you do right. If you could give half stars, Pinky's would get 2 1/2 from me
4	Pinky's Westside Grill opened a little over a year ago just outside of Uptown Charlotte.  This is a fun and casual bar and grill that occupies the former space of a Volkswagen garage on the corner of Freedom and Morehead.  The old "Triple 'G' Automotive" sign remains outside and the owners left an old school VW Beetle on the roof of the building.  The Beetle has been painted over with a design of the American flag.Pinky's serves bar food (hamburgers, hot dogs, salads, sandwiches, etc.) with a creative flair.  For example, you can order a burger "Ding Dong Style" with crunchy peanut butter, honey-cilantro slaw, and spicy Sriracha sauce.  They've also got "Crab Puppies" (like hush puppies, except made out of crab) and a falafel wrap, so there's some variety.  Prices are very reasonable here with most entrees under $8 each.I tried one of Pinky's most popular burgers, the White Trash Burger ($4.50).  It comes with a 5 oz. patty topped with provolone cheese, fried pickles, onion rings, and spicy ranch.  While the burger is not ginormous, it is pretty satisfying.  I noticed the server didn't ask me how I'd like my burger cooked, just like my experience at Kickstand earlier this year.  I guess it's a Charlotte thing.  Regardless, the beef is good.  The bun is flat and small.The waffle fries, onion rings, and sweet potato fries are Pinky's most popular sides.  I tried an order of their onion rings plus an order of their honey-cilantro slaw.  The rings and slaw are served in BBQ take-out-style paper trays.  The onion rings are long and stringy.  The batter is a little inconsistent throughout (both crisp and soggy).  When you get to the end of the tray, it's mostly large crumbs of batter.The honey-cilantro slaw is very good.  While there isn't as much cilantro as I like (I *love* cilantro), the slaw is fresh and crisp.  The lettuce, onion, etc. are cut shredded into several long strands and the honey-mayo (or whatever sauce they use) is applied in just the right amount so the side isn't too strong.  I'd like to try this with a hot dog next time.While I haven't had them, my friends really like the crab puppies, falafel wrap, and "Stray Dog" (vegetarian hot dog), so those are other dishes that have a seal of approval.Inside the restaurant, many tall windows give you a nice view of the Uptown skyline.  The decor is an entertaining mishmash of all sorts of things including a Ms. Pac-Man arcade cabinet.The servers are cool, the food comes out fast, and service is great.  When the check comes, they have no problems separating the bill between couples and singles.There is limited parking available in front of the restaurant.  Your best bet is to park in the free lot across Morehead St.
4	LOVE the hushpuppies here. Enough to make it a "must visit" when I am in town visiting my gf's family. My recent visit included the Ding Dong chicken sandwich and a bite of the rueben dog, both of which had to take a back seat to the hushpuppies, so that, this time, I could finish them off (I couldn't, though). They were both really good - the Ding Dong (peanut butter and sriracha sauce) was a winner.Sidenote: Any place that has underpriced Octoberfest seasonal beers are practically an instant win for me, anyway.
4	This place is right down the road from my house so my friend and I decided to try it.  The crab puppies were unreal!  Hush puppies aren't usually my cup of tea, and I didnt know if these would actually have enough crab in them.  Well, they did have enough crab and my friend and I pretty much were moaning why we ate them.  Then our burgers came out.  I had the white trash which was pretty good.  I am not usually a fun of burgers because I can't get them cooked medium in NC.  I also had the onion rings which are the really thin superfired ones.  By the end of all this I was destined for a heart attack.  Then my bill came out.  WIth all this and 2 beers my bills was $12.  I immediately took a bayer asprin so that I could prevent my heart attack.  Good food, cheap, and a good atmosphere.  Needless to say, I will be back.
4	Great food. I just happened to stop at Pinky's for a quick lunch break  and was pleasantly surprised with the food and service. The place was busy with a nice crowd would go back again.
4	My bf and I really enjoyed our meal here Saturday night. We stopped in right before heading to the Comedy Zone to see Rollin Jay Moore ( FUNNY). The reviews raved about the crab hushpuppies, so we had to try. OMG such greasy goodness!! They are good enough for a trip solely for them. Mmmm good. The Jive turkey was good and the onion strings were decent. My kinda fried turkey was pretty good too. We will definitely keep Pinky's in our dining rotation.
4	Weird and tasty. That's the best way I know to describe Pinky's menu. Burgers with weird toppings, weird appetizers, weird names... but all quite tasty. And it's not just piles of greasy mashed together - there's some care put into the construction of the food. You actually get to appreciate the weirdness. Parking can be annoyingly tricky, so just aim straight for the lot across Freedom and walk over. My favorite meal here? The White Trash Burger, a side of Fried Pickles and a local draft brew. The menu is well priced, leaving you with some extra cash monies for the beer selection.
4	Was paying off a bet so I decided to take my friend here for lunch. For those that haven't been, Pinky's occupies a restored car repair garage - has kind of a retro-Americana vibe but is also quite bright due to the lage windows. Seating is a bit tight, but overall it's a fun place. The back story of Pinky's is the old chef from the Penguin (Greg) moved across town and opened Pinky's. As a result, some of the menu is a carryover from the beloved Penguin while other items are net new (especially the salads!). For example, the out-of-this-world friend pickles are here, as are the tasty burgers. However, what sets Pinky's apart are the new food options - the funky burger combo's, the excellent hot dogs, and the cool vegan options (Falafel and Veggie Chili). On this visit I had a double Ding Dong burger - two 5 oz patties topped with chunky peanut butter, cole slaw and Sriracha sauce. Yes, it sounds like a weird combo, but is exceptionally tasty (think Pad Thai sauce on a burger). My buddy had the Southern Chicken sandwich and gave it a thumbs up. Service was good, not fast but also not as inconsistent as others have found. Overall this is a good option for those looking for a good burger, great sides and some solid items for the non-burger lover.
1	I am disappointed to write this review bc I've eaten here before and the food was really good, but tonight they were racist. I asked for a table and they told me to wait which was fine, but a couple walked in after me and they were sat immediately, I overlooked that but it happened again so I walked out.
4	MMMMMMMMMMMMM....Do I really need to say more?! Seriously, this is the place to go if you are craving something usual with a twist.  Fried pickles are great, and any of the burger options are very good.  I personally love the Ding Dong Burger... it simply gives an amazing asian flair to an already good burger.  Also, if you are a corn-dog lover, then this is the place for you.  These aren't your standard, buy them frozen and in bulk, and we can can stick them in the deep fryer and hope they taste good, corn dogs.  These are GREAT corn dogs, with flavor in every bite, and blanketed in a great cornbread covering.  Yum!
4	Pinky's is not somewhere you go for healthy eating. I felt like my cholesterol shot up a zillion points after eating here, but after a night of drinking, I needed it. We ordered the fried pickles and crab hush puppies. The fried pickles were good, but the crab hush puppies were awesome. I do not eat hush puppies often, as I live in the Northeast, so to have such things with the addition of crab was just fantastic. Wanting to do the South right, I ordered the grilled bologna sandwich "westside," with chili, slaw, mustard, onion, and then some pimento cheese. My cousins ordered the white trash burger (provolone, fried pickles, ranch) and a patty melt, respectively. Both of them had nothing but good things to say about their sandwiches. I wasn't thrilled with the bologna sandwich, but I ate it anyway. The roll was a little too soft, which made things very sloppy - although that was probably to be part of the experience. The bologna didn't have much taste; I think I was expecting something more like Taylor ham. But it was prepared well, because my Southern cousins approved when I let them try it. As a result, I can't criticize the kitchen; it just wasn't to my personal taste. You win some, you lose some... unless we're talking about weight, which I'm sure I wouldn't lose if I lived near Pinky's.The service was great and the prices were fair. I would like to come back and try some of their fun mixed drinks one night, as well as the Cheerwine and Sun Drop pound cake.
5	Not only is Pinky's located on a hilariously named street, it is serving up fantastic burgers.  It may not be the healthiest place, but it is definitely the heartiest.  They've discovered a critical secret of burgers/food - pimento cheese makes things better.  I ordered the Pterodactyl topped with pimento cheese and was pleasantly surprised with how tasty it was.  The size is big but not massive, perfect for not feeling like a worthless sloth afterwards.  I paired it with waffle fries which were perfect for collecting up pimento cheese that had squirted out of the burger.  As far as burgers go in the area, it's difficult to beat out Pinky's Westside.  The location is in an airy space with quirky decorations, but more importantly, they had a great beer list of craft brews.  So now, you're pairing great burgers with high ABV craft beers?  That's a recipe for success if you ask me.I'm eager to return to sample the "Weiner Wonderland" menu of unique hot dogs, as well as gorge myself on a burger ding dong style (because like pimento cheese and bacon, sriracha makes everything better).
3	It's like diner meets bar food with a dash of pink. Other than having to park across the street I really have nothing bad to say about Pinky's. I got the falafel with fresh jalopenos which was wrapped in a big pita and pretty tastey. I tried my friends buffalo shrimp tacos, now I'm a taco lover, but these didn't quite do it for me, I think it was the blue cheese that turned me off. Moderately priced food and drinks, fairly good service, nice atmosphere.
5	OMG! Son.. Have you been here yet? No???!!! What's wrong with you? Didn't you see the front page picture of that sandwich? It doesn't lie and neither does the food sinking happily into your stomach. I can see where this place may not be for everyone. Namely the parking.. but.. wow. I'm not sure where to start. Perhaps with the White Trash Burger? LOL Take your calories and leave them outside. It's like diner food on the back of a Harley Davidson filled with jet fuel. Pretty cool right? I know!This is a bar and a restuarant. There is seating outside if the weather is nice. I've even seen some hipsters bring their kids in. It's not the quietest of places so be aware of that prior to coming in.
4	COMFORT FOOD!Pinky's is the perfect solution when you have a late night hunkerin' for greasy fries and a cold beer.  I've only been here on weekday nights and I never had to wait for a table. The menu is very vegetarian friendly!My favorite item here is the vegetarian chili cheese fries (cheddar cheese, not pimento). The vegetarian Stray Dog is okay, but not much to rave about. Even though I haven't been in love with the food here, I always come back because I like the atmosphere, vegetarian options, and late hours.Update: finally tried the "One & Only" Veggie corndog.... that thing is OFF THE CHAIN!! Coming here way more often now!
4	Really good place to eat anytime. The burgers, dogs, and fries are very delicious.
4	I enjoy a chill place to eat at with friends to have a good time.  Pinky's is exactly the place.The place is fairly new, and just has a nice vibe to in when you walk in.  I like how they have a video game machine to play if you're waiting for a table.  I'm lucky that I always have some change while waiting.  I also love their photobooth snuggled in the corner.  I've definitely used that before.Now their food is amazing!  Yes, a lot of friend unhealthy stuff, but the tasty goodness in your mouth is worth not counting those calories.  I always order the crab puppies, everyone should at least try it out!  Their fried squash is also amazing.  I wasn't sure what to expect when I first ordered it, but I'm glad that I did because I kept wanting more.  The only burger that I order there is the White Trash Burger that has provolone, fried pickles and onion rings, and a spicy ranch sauce.  Sounds delish right?  Go and get this burger now!
5	This place is what I like to call FUNKY FRESH!A true gem of Charlotte, with people from all walks of life and menu items that are more eccentric than the customers.  Just to give you a little taste - menu items include everything from sriracha to crunchy peanut butter to wieners... what more could you ask for?!We went for lunch today and the service was quick and helpful.  Prices are reasonable and the selection is large.  There are some healthy options, but why waste your time when you know you want to dive into some fried pickles or sweet potato fries.  I will say there were a lot of vegan/vegetarian options - which was a nice surprise.Overall I give this place 5 stars because it's not trying to be anything other than what it is.  Plus they have triceratops toys placed inconspicuously all over the entire restaurant.  Bonus points!
1	Do you like food dripping in grease? Cool atmosphere? Limited parking? and a pretty good bar setup? Well come on down to Pinky's! I have tried some of this cities craziest fried foods...that being said, I know if something has been cooked properly. Would you eat a steak that was a chard nugget of flesh? Well of course not! You would ask for your money back. I was with a group of about 9 people. Each one ordered a different type of fried item from the menu. So it is fair to say we sampled everything available. I'm not sure who was in the kitchen that day, but I'm sure they had to have never seen a how to cook anything in oil. At the bottom of each of our baskets there was a pool of burned old oil. Literally a pool! Not just a couple drips, but tablespoons of it. Each item had a funky taste due to the use of the old oil. One of the most basic things a greasy spoon style establishment should have on hand is fresh cooking oil. If you can't get that right, who is to say the tap lines for the beer aren't cleaned properly? Save your money here and head back to The Penguin or The Diamond.
4	What a treasure this place is.  If you've tried fried pickles, maybe at a county fair or similar cultural event, this is the best place in Charlotte I've found thus far for them.  And it's not just those - sweet potato fries, waffle fries, huge glistening chicken breast filets on a sandwich bun...It's comfort food in all its greasy fried goodness, open late, with great - I mean great - wait staff.  Managing lots of tables with ease, refilling your drinks on or ahead of time, and not making a peep when you come in 15 minutes before the official closing time.  Prices are very affordable, some even surprising.  It's got a definite vibe to it, with tattoos aplenty, oddball music choices, college kids tossed in, and food names and descriptions that hold nothing back.  It's an experience, and a good one.  They even offer vegetarian choices, and quite a few of them - odd for the greasy menu, but still a welcomed attribute.  It does leave you wanting a bit less grease - you might feel sick if you consume more than half of a large fried pickle, for instance - but you know it's worth it.  Could use a few more 'normal' menu options, but I can't complain - they do what they do, and they do it very well.  Find it, stop in, and enjoy.
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Charlotte.Everything here is amazing. The hot dogs, corn dogs, burgers, crab puppies, desserts... everything!
2	I decided to try this place out when I was told Penguins was closed and this was the next best thing. Long story short, I've had better.I wanted to get the whole experience in one order so I ordered chicken tenders, fries, fried pickles, and a burger. Chicken was NOT seasoned well at all. They were little balls of some sort. The fries were ok. I rather have McDonalds. Fried pickels=delish. Burger=ok.Have not been back since then, nor do I plan on going. Especially since I found out Penguin is open!The decor and ambiance was nice, and the hostess was cool too. The food just wasn't up to par for me.
3	Burger and in-house made chips were decent, but not as awesome as I had hoped. The music and overall atmosphere is pretty loud. The service was excellent, though. Friendly servers and on top of everything. The food just feels a bit less than 'hot off the grill.'
5	This is my Cheers. It's one of the few (good) places near work so I am here a lot. As such, I've had about everything on the menu and even sampled some of their innovative daily specials. There is something for everyone here. When you want to be good, they've got salads and black bean burgers. When you want to be bad, they've got burgers and fries. And the best fried pickles in town. It's no coincidence that my favorite burger has fried pickles on it, the white trash (turkey) burger: fried pickles, provolone cheese, and secret sauce. Paired with a side of sweet potato fries or waffle fries and washed down with a beer, it makes for a great lunch.
5	I have nothing but good things to say about this place, I go by this place often when visiting family.  I wanted to go in one day but wasn't too sure about the people.  But today I gave them a chance and I went in well I ordered my phone to go because I was told how awesome it was.  Well it didn't disappoint me at all, the fried pickles were amazing reminded me of the pickles at penguins.  The hot dog I had was a true southern hot dog, just amazing.  The staff were very nice very nice people, it was crowded but worth me going in to experience the food even if it was to go.  Great job, love it.
5	White trash burger. Check. Fried pickles. Check. Plenty of local and regional brewskis. Check. If only this place had an old VW bug on the roof, it would be complete...hmm.
5	Wow what a surprise!!! Great ambiance the music rocks the service was outstanding !!! We got there at noon and there was a line with more then 30 people waiting !!! We had the crab puppies yum highly recommended , the rest on the food was also good but crab puppies were the highlight of the meal!! The servers were super friendly and helpful , we will be back!!!!!
4	Like Jules, I'm glad I waited to give a review for Pinky's.  My boyfriend & I had gotten take out, I'd say early last year & I got some kind of burger and the slaw.  I was not happy at all. I ended up feeling sick on my stomach afterwards.  Fast forward to yesterday, when I was in an extreme rush, hurrying from one appointment to another.  It was after 1 PM & the lunch rush had died down, thank goodness. I needed the order to go & was immediately helped by a friendly waitress. Like Dion alluded to, the decor inside is fun & hip, & they had some jamming music playing.  Everything looked clean.I got the Pterodactyl burger with "everything" - mayo, lettuce, tomato, onion, & pickles, along with the (waffle) french fries & a sprite. Luckily, my food came out in about five minutes & I was on my way.I nommed away on my fries along Morehead and onto South Blvd. They were tasty! They were lightly salted & light - they weren't heavy like Chic-Fil-a's waffle fries.Once I got to my second appointment, I dove into my hamburger. OH M GEE, it was delicious! It didn't seem heavy either! The toppings were fresh & thankfully, the onion wasn't too overpowering. The burger was juicy & cooked to perfection.The cons: parking is limited on site. You're probably going to end up parking across the street where the tattoo parlor is - & even there, parking isn't great.  The restaurant  itself isn't too big either, so seating could be an issue. Ha! I have to agree with Jimmy - this IS NOT the place for the health concious!
5	The fried pickles are awesome and the thin slices of onion rings are so delicious. The owner is the same guy who came up with the Penguin menu. If you love the Penguin, you will LOVE PINKY'S!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Ohh pinky's my favorite local place.  Not only is everything great. This weekend you decided to make a fried oyster po boy.  That by far, was the best thing I have ever had down here.  It made me feel like I was New Orleans it was that friggin good.  As always the crab hush puppies were on par, but dang, make the fried oyster Po Boy part of your menu!
5	How can a place be an awesome biker bar and kid-friendly at the same time? Here's a list of reasons, in no particular order, why this place f'ing rules:**Vintage KISS pinball machine**The crab puppies were so good that even Dylan D., the pickiest f'ing eater in the world, loved them**Having a sleeve of tattoos seems to be a requisite for employment**Photo booth**Excellent, filling salads (I loved my Buffalo Shrimp)**Good selection of beers on tap**Good wine list
4	Pinky's redeemed themselves.  With a group of 7 people (some of whom were drunk) coming in 15 minutes before closing, they were genuinely happy to serves us.  Two servers took our orders and got everything correct.  Food was good this time around.  I was one of the DD's so I know the food didn't taste good just because I was drunk.
4	Ok, I am late to the party...but quite honestly, I have never bothered to trek over to Pinky's because I was afraid that it was another over-rated trendy dive with nothing but fried food on the menu.  So when I found myself over on the west side last week, I decided that it would be a good idea to pop in and give the place a try. I am happy to say that I was wrong on my earlier thinking about this place! As the other reviewers have mentioned, parking is a bit tight, but thankfully someone was leaving in the lot behind the tat parlor, so we snagged that space and walked across the street.  We got in line to be seated, thinking that there might be a wait because the place was really crowded, but they were able to seat us right away.  The decor is really cute and the place was nice and clean. I saw several things on the menu that I would like to try, and it was a bit tough deciding which to try first.   I was in the mood for a little "healthier fare" so I decided on the falafel salad.  But before I ordered it, I asked the waiter to tell me about the falafel - I wanted to make sure it wasn't some dry, tasteless mix out of a box...and sure enough, they have a buddy from Israel that showed them the proper way to make falafel from scratch. This turned out to be a great choice. The salad was comprised of mixed spring greens - including spinach. No iceberg lettuce - which was nice.  The salad also included chopped tomatoes, cukes, pepperoncini, and generous pieces of feta cheese crumbles (the salad also includes onions, but I ordered mine with none).  To top the salad off, they added 4 house-made falafel cakes and a house-made tahini dressing... yum!  My friend was not sure what to order, so he asked what the most popular item was... and it turned out to be the White Trash Burger.  He said it was really good and just the right size - not too big or too small.  He also had a hard time deciding what side item to order, so again, he asked the waiter for suggestions on what was really good and the suggestion was fried squash.  I tried the fried squash and thought it could have used a little more seasoning.  But the batter was not too heavy and it was good dipped in the ranch sauce.  Then, I took the last piece from the bottom and it was much too greasy... the previous bites I sampled from the top of the stack were not overly greasy.  I saw the folks at another table order a piece of pound cake and it looked really good (margarita flavor I do believe). I wanted to try a piece, but I was really trying to be good, so I passed this time. Next time, I may have to see about getting a slice to go. The service was a bit slow, but everyone was so nice that I was not grumpy about the wait.  I really need to plan several return trips so that I can try the other items that sounded good to me including the crab puppies, veggie corn dog, the fish tacos, and the ding dong chicken!  Man, too bad this place was not in existence back in the days of the Milestone and the Pterodactyl!
4	I am surprised it has taken this long for me to get into Pinky's, better late than never? Went after work Monday around six, parked and as I opened my car door I heard the beautiful music of Megadeth coming from the restaurant BIG PLUS. Was with a group and we ordered a few appetizers: Fried pickles, sweet potato fried, onion strings and fried green tomatoes. Which were all great, my favorite being the fried green tomatoes they came with an awesome horseradish dipping sauce. Knowing that one of the guys from the original Penguin opened Pinky's I had to get a burger, so I went with the White Trash burger...the name grabbed me. At 4.50 it may have been the best burger for its price I have had, it had fried pickles, fried onion strings, provolone cheese and I believe there was some bacon in there too. The flavor punched me in the mouth and I loved it. The food was flavorful and affordable. The restaurant is very hip and the music played here is GREAT. Which means a lot to me, being able to enjoy a meal to Public Image Limited opposed to Katy Perry is such a relief.
4	This is my favorite burger joint in Charlotte.  I used to hit up the Penguin practically every week before it closed (and then reopened under new mgmt).  The guy who use to run the kitchen at Penguin when it was on 'Diners, Drive Ins & Dives' owns this place, so there are some similarities.  The menu is much more diverse though.  They DO have healthier options.  My girlfriend and I were turned on to the Kinda Fried Turkey sandwich by the bartender one night.  We never really considered it because I just never felt compelled to order a turkey sandwich at a place known for burgers.  Boy, did my opinion change quickly.  That sandwich is amazing.  The meat is so juicy, it's pure bliss.  She usually orders that and I always get the burger, westside style (chili, coleslaw, mustard) and add pimiento cheese and bacon.  BEST BURGER EVER.  The chili, cheddar, and pimiento cheese waffle fries are also one of our favorites.  Pair all of this up with a tall boy of Genesee cream ale and you're set.  We can usually get out of Pinky's with a meal and drinks for 2 around $30.  In other words, a steal.
4	I dont know that I can say much more than others have already said. My friend and I, based on recommendations from other yelpers, got the pimento fries with bacon. Excellent!! We were complete fatties that day. I got the White Trash burger and a side of potato salad while my friend got the green chile pork with a side of fried zucchini. My burger was absolutely delicious and was not too huge that I could not fit it in my mouth. Also, I am generally pretty picky about my potato salad, but this was red potato salad with a slight kick to it. It had celery in it as well as another green herb of some sort. It tasted great, i took some home for later! My friend also very much enjoyed her sandwich - and who doesnt like fried zucchini - dipped in ranch they were even better?!I had asked our waiter, which btw the waitstaff was also great but more about that later, which was the most popular item. He then said that fried pickles were first, and the white trash burger was second. Well, lucky for me - fried pickles come on the white trash burger. Knocked out two birds with one stone! Saturday was also $4 any Absolute drink. I got a Madras which turned out to be really strong for only $4. What i really liked about this place, was that all of the waiters helped eachother out. We didnt just have one waiter, we had 3. We werent harassed every two minutes but we also were not forgotten about. The service was excellent. The restaurant is kind of on the brim of a not so good area - but i would definitely go here again!
5	Best fried pickles in Charlotte.
5	Just got appetizers, but it was delicious. Good service, good experience. Very busy, but worth it.
5	Delicious menu, well trained allergy-friendly staff & good service are why I'm in love with Pinky's.I went to Pinky's pretty early on, and have been a fan all along. Everything I had there was tasty from my burgers to the crazy good hummus appetizer that was more of a meal.Then, in September '10, I was diagnosed with crazy allergies. Which meant giving up restaurants for a while. Then, in December, after moving into the neighborhood I tried Pinky's again in the hope they could accommodate me. Andy, one of the owners, came and talked to me about the menu and helped me pick out a meal I could safely eat, which essentially meant custom creating a salad and salad dressing for me. They were happy to do it, took extra precautions in the kitchen, have remained helpful and cautious about my meals since. Finding a restaurant, especially of the diner variety, willing to accommodate like this is always a treat - especially when it's just down the street.If you have allergies, be prepared (as always when eating out) to have a chat with the owner/manager on duty, the servers sometimes say "I'm not sure we can do this." They can - just be patient and ask. It's worth it for tasty yums! I take all my out of town friends and family here, in part so I don't have to cook dinner one night, and partly to get everyone to try fried pickles (how I miss thee!) and to get the brave to try a sandwich Ding-Dong style. Service can be tight, so I recommend going on off hours, especially if you have allergies - your food is more likely to get special, focused attention then. The place is *packed* Thurs/Friday/Saturday lunch and dinners, so I never go then, but love it on Tuesdays when I don't feel like cooking. Parking is limited out front, so if you don't have a handicap tag, be prepared to park across the street.
5	Dear Reader, I'm going to tell you a magical love story. It doesn't involve unicorns making love to heart shaped clouds, or cupid shooting arrows at Cleopatra, but  something similarly fantastic. It wasn't  When Harry met Sally but  rather when Corndog met Shrimpy. Something incredible happened that day, It was kismet I tell you. A plump sweet corn-dog coating on top of succulent shrimp with an array of dipping sauces for your consumptive pleasure. All of this nestled in bed with crisp waffle fries galore ...they were just begging for it (malt vinegar that is). Wash it all down with a refreshing Crispin cider on tap...and you have one banging meal. That's right, I said it...this meal is not for Pinky's virgins! But alas I was until this day, and rest assured I'll be back...because you never forget your first!Yours Truly,One Satisfied Yelper!
5	When I moved here a couple of months ago, I was told to try The Penguin. I went and had a horrible experience, and the reason is that many of those people who'd made the Penguin what it was are no longer there, but at this awesome place instead. As we drove up to street and heard our GPS yelling at us, "location is on the left!" we started looking around because we didn't know what to expect. I can honestly tell you, I loved it as soon as I saw it. There is an old VW Beetle parked, on the roof. Naturally, and a concrete Triceratops waiting to greet you as you park. I gave it cool points as soon as we got parked and I could see all the small little rubber dinosaurs standing on or under Mr.Concrete Dino in the grass. Yeah I'm like a short big kid, so what??? At least I admit it. :PWe walk in to the place and it's broken into two sections. The main section is a bunch of booths and the bar, and the other side is like a tiki room of sorts with a large garage door that opens to the outside. I bet that's awesome on a nice cool day. I ordered the Herb Roasted Turkey sandwich, and I cannot remember the real name of it now dangit!! But OMG was it DELICIOUS!!!Our waitress was very prompt, and the staff were all running around helping each other out. The food came out in no time flat, and when they brought it over my eyes had to be the size of saucers. That turkey sandwich was GIGANTIC!!! Maybe that's why the dinosaur is outside. It represents the size of the portions? When I took that first bite I was in L-O-V-E. So, now I can't even say I like Pinky's. I have to say LOVE because anything less would be lying. I also got a Shirley Temple...short big kid, I told ya... and it too was amazing. They put a spin on it, and make it look all pretty. It's got the standard sprite and grenadine but they add in pineapple juice! YUMMO!!!My only complaint is the parking. We got lucky and were able to grab a spot in the lot, but if we weren't that fortunate I think there is extra parking across the street? I want to go back again very soon. Or right now.. I could probably run out of work unnoticed temporarily to go there.... hmmmm....  ;P
5	I came to write a review because I have recently heard from two different people that they had heard negative things about this place. They must be talking about a different Pinky's. I've been to this Pinky's 5 or 6 times now and I always have a great experience. The food is good and the service is great. The staff is always pleasant and attentive, the food comes out fast, and I love the laid back vibe.There was only one time when I had slow service, the restaurant was packed for lunch and my cocktail took awhile to come out. The bartender gave it to me on the house, I didn't complain or ask about it or anything, they just did it for me. I was really impressed with that! It shows they take the quality of their service seriously.
5	Can't believe it took me this long to make it into Pinky's! The crown jewel of biker bar/dive bars on the west side of Charlotte. Packed full of personalities, tattoos, the beer flows like wine, and tons of cardiac inducing treasures to be had. The small parking lot directly in front of the restaurant can be a bit wonky. Especially if traffic is bad. There is additional parking across the street, so keep that in mind. I'm a huge proponent of a great greasy burger, baskets o' fries, and an ice cold PBR. Pinky's delivered on multiple fronts and the 5 stars goes to show for a slew of positives. Vegetarian options. Holy crap, this place has it all. Veggie chili, veggie burgers, dogs....They know how to make it on the map with Charlotte's veggie pride. I was blown away by Ding Dong style. Peanut butter (crunchy), sriracha and honey-cilantro slaw? Might as well be a bulls eye. The textures and flavors make it into a faux Indian/Thai wonderland of flavor. Each bite was better than the last. Pimp'n Fries. Whoa. You can customize these in so many ways. The ubiquitous pimento cheese reigns supreme on these bad boys. Pimpin my taste buds like it's their job. White Trash Burger. Duuuuude. Onion rings on a burger? Sign me up. Messy, greasy, piping hot and perfect rep for the dive bar world. I'm going for the double next time. Tons of goofy stuff on the walls, awesome booths for two, plenty of space and a vast menu of dive-y greatness. What more could a hipster ask for?
5	Why everyone doesn't give this place 5 stars is beyond me. I LOVE this place. Every time I have been to visit my dad in Charlotte, I think we have come here. You can get pimiento cheese on their burgers AND on their hot dogs. Who doesn't love that? They also have a hand dipped corn dog that is probably the best corn dog I have ever tried. Sides are on point and they have a nice beer selection to go along with it. If you like good food then this is your place!
5	Oh Pinky's so many reviews already I don't really need to say much more than I forking love your Nature Burger and your swanky drink menu. Sit at the bar if you go, I've never had more attentive barkeeps at a restaurant. Super awesome place for the veggies and meatheads.
2	cough cough... too... much...oil.When I read reviews that this place had good fried pickles and a great beer selection, I had to check it out.  I got the white trash burger and fried pickles.  I was not impressed with the food.  The fry batter was kind of wet and oily.  The beer selection wasn't too impressive.  I went with a local, 4 four friends queen city red (terrible).However, our waiters and waitresses (all eight of them) were friendly.
5	This is a place that knows what it is and does it the right way.I've been here a few times, and every visit has been true to the following principles.1) Food cooked to perfection.2) Quick and attentive staff, from host to server to bartender, nobody leaves you hanging.3) Clean location, quality, and a genuinely friendly staff.If you find yourself in the uptown area, this is a no-brainer for a great lunch/dinner whatever.My recommendations: White Trash Burger, Pickle Chips, Da Pimp, or if you are feeling extra southern - a double westside style (Chili, slaw, mustard, add cheese, boom goes the dynamite).I'll be back time and time again.
5	The white trash burger is mouth wateringly delicious. One of my favorite burgers anywhere. Tasty with waffle fries. Great, friendly service.
5	When I first wrote my review it was Pinky's opening week, and I mentioned that in time I thought they'd earn a fifth star. A year & a half and many visits later, they've certainly earned it.My favorite items are the kinda fried turkey or tahini salads, and of course the Pterodactyl Burger Ding Dong Style with a side of waffle fries. Ask Sara the bartender to make you Unicorn Tears. It's delicious, it's surprisingly girly looking but make sure you have the time to sleep it off the next day because you won't order only one.
4	Right after our big honeymoon trip (more on that soon) and after a wonderful Thanksgiving dinner the day before, Calvin, my dad and I decided to check out Pinky's Westside Grill in Charlotte on West Morehead Avenue. This neighborhood is undergoing a pretty significant awakening and I'm excited to try some of the other newbies in the neighborhood also.Pinky's serves a good burger and offers several eclectic twists, both on their burgers and other menu items that make it stand out as a causal dining joint. In addition to the tasty beef burgers, Pinky's serves hot dogs, falafel, veggie/turkey burgers and various baskets, salads and sandwiches as well. I look forward to returning to try the corn dog shrimp, the falafel and the "kinda fried turkey" sandwich.We all tried the basic burger (the Pterodactyl), which is only available one temperature (per NC law a burger cannot be prepared rare anyway). At $3.75 (without a side but including generous toppings) it is a good value. We each tried a different topping style. Topping styles include Everything (mayo, lettuce, tomato, onion & dill pickle), Westside (mustard, chili, slaw and onion) and Ding-Dong Style (crunchy peanut butter, honey-cilantro slaw and hot sriracha sauce). I tried the Ding-Dong Style and loved it! Of course, having come from Thailand it was rather ironic that the waiter described it as their "Thai style" burger. We also shared some crab puppies as an appetizer - sweet crabmeat folded into large hush puppies and side orders of southern slaw, onion rings (more like straws) and fried squash. The sides didn't really stand out - the onion rings and squash were sliced too thin for my taste but maybe others like them this way. I preferred the cilantro-honey slaw on the burger to the southern style slaw. The only other negative is that the place is rather loud, although not as bad as some. I look forward to dining here again on the patio when the weather warms up in the spring!
5	Amazing food, great service, good beer and a great atmosphere.  Look for the Volkswagon Beetle on the roof.Rumor has it that this place is run by the people that ran The Penguin (a Charlotte institution) for decades.  They've split with ownership and opened Pinky's.  It has the same vibe and great food at inexpensive prices.  I haven't confirmed all of this, but it's generally accepted as fact in Charlotte...maybe its just an urban legend.I had the Ding Dong chicken sandwich, which is slaw, sirachi, and crunchy peanut butter. I was suspicious of this combo at first, but am now a believer.  I didn't expect it (maybe I'm just slow), but the combination tasted Thai inspired, almost like pad thai.  I also had the sweet potato fries, also good.  Definitely will be going back to check out the rest of the menu.
5	Dear God, please help subdue my cravings for Pinky's vegetarian corn dog. They really have gotten in the way of my daily thinking routine and basic problem solving skills. I've been back here at least 4 times for the said "one and only" and it's on point perfect every single time!Recently, I have re-tried the Pimpin' Fries (waffle fries smothered in pimento cheese) and I loved them.My boyfriend and I ordered the White Bean & Rosemary Hummus appetizer last week. This app is a steal for $6.75! The basket they bring it in is chocked full of fresh goodies. An ample scoop of the creamy, yummy hummus; nestled by artichokes, tomatoes, chopped calamata olives, red onion, and plenty of fresh pita.Boyfriend ordered the Uptown Tuna Melt, which he liked, but said it paled in comparison to the hummus and my veggie corn dog, ha! Also, I give Da PImp grilled pimento cheese 4 stars.
4	White trash burger is amazing!
5	Loooooove the menu! Who'da thunk crunchy peanut butter would work on a burger!?
5	Words can not describe the burgers, fried pickles, crab hushpuppies, or most other things on the menu.  Stop reading this and go now!
5	Great little spot! Went there with the wife for a quick lunch and we were both very pleased with the service as well as the food! I love places like this and I think this is one the best in the Queen City! I had the white trash burger which was awesome and the wife had a pterodactyl burger with everything and some sweet potato fries. We will definitely be back, I think this will become one if our "regular spots"!!!!!
3	This review is going to be short because we ordered our food to go.  On the night I arrived, there were a bunch of bikers and "progressively" dressed gals.  The parking lot was blocked off but motorcycles can squeeze around the barriers.  The food was reasonably priced and was prepared pretty quickly (10-15 minutes at most).  My wife had the popcorn chicken and it was pretty mediocre to be honest.  You really had to douse it in ketchup and ranch to give it the moisture/flavor it needed.  It was dry, light on the breading, and light on the crunch.  It also came with waffle-fries and those were of less seasoned and crunchy than the ones I've had at Carl's Jr.  I had the Falafel Wrap with Hummus for about $7.  It was pretty yummy, and was definitely better than the popcorn chicken, but it wasn't impressively yummy.  I regret not going with the White Trash burger like everybody else.I'll definitely be back here to try some more of their food because it seems like a popular, and affordable place but for now, I'd only be able to give them 3 stars.
4	I'm a fan of this place. The food is always a hit. My go-to orders are the: Kinda Fried Turkey sandwich, Pimpin' Fries or the Fish Tacos. I never get tired of it. Their specials are good too. I usually end up at Pinky's once a week or every other week and it never disappoints. The waitstaff is tremendous, the atmosphere is cool, and they have a pretty cool beer and cocktails selection. And the prices are very reasonable too. A+
5	I had yet another great experience with Pinkys today! Went in for a quick beer and lunch and left a happy man! I had the Mammoth burger with everything and pimiento cheese, mammoth is right, this burger was huge! The toppings were fresh and delicious and the pimiento cheese was some of the best I've ever had. I love this place!
4	I like hitting up Pinky's when I'm in a certain mood. It has a chill vibe that always calms me down.  The food is greasy and unhealthy, but not in an overpowering kind of way.  I always get the fried pickles to start, and then usually the garbage burger which is good.  Not huge, but filling.  My only gripe is that they serve everything on little paper plates that don't hold up well under the greasy onslaught of the food, but who cares, it's worth it.
4	After a scary run for your life through the dinosaur filled parking lot (rar), head into the semi-sturdy structure with a VW bug on the roof and find...food? Yes!  Success in the oddest place.  Now forget about the clunk of German ingenuity on the roof, put on a nascar hat, oil stained jeans, and fit into a little something called the "white trash burger."  The bun is soft and not overbearing, the meat has good flavor, an overall great burger.  It would be nice if it was a little larger, but hey, we're just happy to be outta' the trailer.  The chips are nice and crispy, but quite bland; perhaps this explains the pissed off cretaceous period in the parking lot.   The fries are good as are the fried pickles.  A nice burger joint with a few Land of the Lost hipsters to boot.  Roll credits.
5	Always excellent. The falafel balls are incredible!
4	Great food, great prices!  Lots of interesting flavor combinations and a fun atmosphere with REALLY friendly staff.
5	Best burger in town!!! These guys nailed it again!When things happened and The Boys moved I was sure that we would be losing some of the best food in town. Man, was I surprised! How do you improve on The Best .... Well they did and how! I have taken two people back to the West side to enjoy The Best Burger In Charlotte!  The other menu selections are fantastic as well.... All three of us will be back for more!
5	Cool atmosphere and great food! I luv coming here...I order something different every time and its always good. Prices r good 2
5	This is by far my favorite restaurant! Ever since the Penguin closed a while back and Pinkys opened in its place I've always held this place close to my heart. The atmosphere is amazing, I love the music, the feel of the joint, the service is always spot on, and of course the food is THE BEST!!!  Their burgers, bacon pimento cheese fries, fried pickles, sweet potato fries, hell everything they have is perfect. Especially accompanied by a tall boy :P I recommend this place to everyone! It has heart and soul in every bite, definitely the place to be while hanging out with friends drinkin a cold beer an eating amazing food. I miss eating here so much, I can't wait to come here again and again when I move back in a few months!
4	A Charlotte gem...  Cant believe it took me so long to eat here a few weeks ago !  Cant wait to go back...  Order the hush puppies too !!
3	I'm not going to lie, I was hesitant to go to the location because it isnt in the best part of town but the area is improving as new restraurants open.  Pinky's is a greasy burger joint with decent prices. The hummus is good and the fried pickles are excellent.
4	These folks sell really bad stuff. The sort of "bad stuff" that makes any plan of sticking to your diet a distant memory.Burgers, popcorn chicken and fish tacos. Heaven on a plate.Oh yes, the staff are great and can even help out with directions when the roads are congested!
4	If you were to do a "gut bomb" search on Google for Charlotte, Pinky's would not show up (I know, I checked). But it should. And I mean that as endearingly as possible.Sparing you from the whole drama that was Pinky's, Penguin, Diamond, the menu has somewhat the same feel as The Penguin did with burgers, hotdogs, fried pickles and a few other things.I ordered a burger with two patties and did not get a side since we were getting an appetizer (more on that in a bit). The burger was delicious!! I actually could not finish it because it was one of those really good greasy one that you know spoiled your workout on the first bite but is so good you don't care. I may have been a little weighed down already from our appetizers.I normally don't do appetizers but my friends and I decided to split some fried pickles and the waitress convinced us to try some Pimp'n Fries. It seems like everyone in Charlotte does fried pickles these days but these were towards the top end as far as how good they were.HOWEVER, the Pimp'n Fries were unreal! They are waffle fries piled high with pimento cheese and chili. I have never been a huge pimento cheese fan but these were among the best appetizers I have ever had in my life. If I were you (and what I will do again), is go ahead and order a burger (maybe one patty for me next time) or sandwich or whatever, skip the side all together and then spilt the Pimp'n Fries with your table. Five grown men were able to be satisfied.I started off saying this place was a gut bomb. And it is. But it is worth every bite.
5	Pinky's is kind of-sort of a local legend in Charlotte.First of all, how many restaurants have an old school Volkswagon bug on the roof? When I was a kid, the building used to be an auto shop. My brother and I had our little fists ready whenever we drove by (remember "punch bug, no punch back!").Second, Pinky's is kind of the successor to The (original) Penguin. The Penguin is a restaurant located not far away and is famous. No, really. I'm talking Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives famous. The owner of Pinky's was a co-owner of the Penguin and a chef there. The Penguin changed hands in 2010 (not really sure exactly what happened, but loyal patrons of The Penguin were LIVID) and judging by the fact that Pinky's is ALWAYS packed, they all came along with the owner & some of their menu items.Despite the same ownership, the similarities end there. The Penguin was a hole in the wall burger joint. Pinky's is much more diverse. The menu includes fried pickles, hummus, some fabulous salads, a variety of burgers & hot dogs, tacos, corn dog shrimp (my absolute FAVORITE), and so on. Everything I've had there has been amazing, and this visit did not disappoint.I strayed from my usual (and absolute favorite corn dog shrimp) and had one of their specials. It was a spicy chicken burrito with Caesar dressing, tomatoes, crisp romaine lettuce & loads of Parmesan cheese. It came with a side of their delicious black beans and tortilla chips. I wasn't in the mood for chips, so I ordered a side of waffle fries as well.The wrap was delicious, but not as spicy as I would have liked. The chunks of chicken were huge & delicious. The dressing was delicious and the flavors came together well. This thing was HUGE though. I ate half at that moment and ate the other half for dinner and it was still just as good.Graham had one of the other specials, the flounder plate. He gave me one of his hush puppies, and a bite of his fish. Everything was so good! The fish was perfectly cooked, the hush puppies were crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. His portion was just as generous as mine and just as good.Pinky's is one of the places we stop at every time we make a trip home. The food is always good, and the service is always excellent. I LOVE that I see the exact same faces every time I'm there. Stop by and try a white trash burger, or a Spaugh burger (named after a nearby middle school) or their famous fried pickles, You absolutely will not regret it.
4	Good food, interesting menu and very reasonable. Surprisingly good falafel.
4	White trash burger...get it!
4	I can't believe I used to work just a couple miles from this place and never tried it.  I finally gave it a shot yesterday.  I will definitely be back!The atmosphere was noisy and lively, but not so much so that we couldn't have a conversation.  I enjoyed they wide variety of music playing (I heard everything from Michael Jackson to Iron Maiden to Jay-Z).  There was a pretty good Friday beer special called the "Craft Beer Roulette" where you get a randomly selected craft bottle for $3.  I paired that up with a pterodactyl burger.  I got it ding dong style, which includes slaw and crunchy peanut butter.  I was intrigued by the idea of a burger with peanut butter on it, and was not let down.  It was awesome!  The only reason I couldn't give this place 5 stars was the service.  We had no fewer than 4 of the wait staff stop by at various times during the meal so it was really unclear who was our primary server, and there were a few instances where we needed things and couldn't get the attention of any of them.  But the shaky service one this one occasion is not enough to keep me from going back.  All in all, it was a great experience and I absolutely recommend it to anyone looking for a reasonably priced, greasy, delicious burger.
5	So I went here awhile back ago for the first time as a recommendation of my good friend Mike...after my first visit I wondered as to why I never had went to this place before. I drive past it all the time when I leave Uptown from work! Well I must say that I am glad that I have been there. The atmosphere is very unique. Its got an awesme raw kinda egde to it I think. The employees were very cool, and very helpful on the menu. I've had many things on there menu, but the best things I've had was the white trash burger! Nothing beats a juicey burger with provalone, fried pickles (YES FRIED PICKLES), crispy onion straws and spicey ranch! It was one of the tastiest burgers I've had. And I switched it up the last time that I was there...I got a white trash hot dog!!! Which was great too. Try it out....you'll love it!-SK
5	Back at it again! Last time I was here, it was definitely a couple of years ago... So this place definitely needs an update. When I came here this time. It was packed!! Friday, lunch time, ya know. Anyways last time I went with some pimpin fries, and as an anniversary since the last time I was here I got it again with my parents. But the new thing I got instead of the mammoth burger was suggested by my fellow friend and yelper Mike. The Kinda Fried Turkey.Ohhhhh Mike were you right!! That sandwich hit the spot. What the twist and makes this sandwich different was that basil. I think that's what made this sandwich for me. That fresh taste of that leaf mixed with the cheese and tomatoes, oh man! Good suggestion sir, good suggestion indeed.The Pimpin Fries. It was a little different from the last time I had it. And boy was it better! It's now waffle fries as before it wasn't. Load that baby up with some chili and some bacon and you've got yourself a nice little artery blocking, but an amazing party in your mouth. I'm definitely coming back to this place and trying some other menu items. But, definitely my default is going to be that Kinda Fried Turkey sandwich.
4	- The WHITE TRASH burger was interesting and tasty, but not overly large. - The FRIED PICKLES with ranch dip were a revelation. Order these and/or the crab puppies if you don't get anything else.- Skip the onion rings. They're made for topping sandwiches and they aren't good by themselves. If you want large, superlative, panko breaded, onion rings - go to McKoy's. - Plentiful BEER selection both in bottled form and on draft. (For bonus points: find the Ass Clown brewing sticker.)- It get CROWDED here soon after opening, and at noon the joint is packed. Bottom line: get there early or be prepared to wait for a table. Late arrivals will also have to park in alternative parking areas, because their main parking lot is miniscule. - SERVICE is outstanding. This is one of those "collective" waiter places.- The key word here is "FUNKY." - RIP, Penguin. Pinky's is Freakin' fantastic and the DD&D's worthy successor.
5	My wife and I checked this place out Saturday for lunch.  We ordered their crab hushpuppies for an appetizer and they were amazing!  My wife ordered their turkey sandwich and I ordered the white trash burger.  We were both very happy with our order.  She got sweet potatoe fries and I got onion rings.  We will definitely be going back to Pinkys!  The price was very reasonable and the service was exceptional!  The atmosphere was lovely also.  Yummy, definitely a place to check out.
3	This was actually my third attempt to eat here. The last few times I came in a group, and we left because we didn't feel like waiting for a table where we could all sit together.  I came with a pretty good group from work, and as before we had to wait about 15 minutes to get a table. We ended up getting split into two groups, but whatever. We were sat at a table outside, which was perfect since it was a nice day.Disclaimer: since I am apparently the only person in Charlotte who never hung out at the Penguin, across from Thomas Street Tavern, I went in without any baggage of nostalgia for the old days. Once seated, service was prompt. Most of our table started by ordering beer. I have very specific taste in beer, and am not particularly drawn to craft brews, so I didn't really find anything for me. Ended up going with a coke. It was quite refreshing. I noticed that everything seemed fairly cheap. I ordered the "white trash burger" based on a recommendation from one of my friends. This was when I realized why the food seemed cheap: no sides are included. I took this as a sign and decided to skip the side today.The food arrived fairly quickly, I assumed. I didn't really pay attention, really, but it got there before I got annoyed, so it couldn't have been long. Looking at the burger I was relieved I didn't go with a side. It was pretty greasy. Soggy greasy, to be perfectly honest. Also, I thought the bun looked a little sad. Pretty much looked like a cheapo supermarket hamburger bun. It did turn out to taste pretty good, if not a bit undistinguished. I think all the ingredients kind of blended together, so nothing really stood out. It was generally good but not particularly good. I am sure I'll be back to Pinky's because it's close to work and has decent food. I'm not sure I would personally go out of my way to go there otherwise.
5	We shared Green Chile Pork sandwich and Ding Dong Chicken sandwich. Strongly recommended. It is such a creative combination of ingredients, the pork sandwich completely blew my mind. Will definitely go back, and will try cocktails next time.
5	As I've shifted to avoiding terrestrial vertebrate meat unless I know its provenance, I wanted to update my recommendations:  I now am loving the veggie burger "ding dong" style, which means with shredded cabbage, chunky peanut butter, and sriracha sauce.  The burger itself is bean based, but gets a great crunchy outside that goes well with the smooth interior.  I will still usually pair it with the tuna melt for that amazing ginger kick.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!I've never been here - this was a Sunday afternoon where-do-we-eat-and-avoid-the-after-church-lunch-crowd idea.  And now it's my new favorite!Our dishes were great! White trash burger. Awesome - fried pickles and onion rings were battered well and not at all greasy - the beef was perfectly seasoned. The spicy ranch was delish!  The fish tacos were equally terrific with tasty, fresh ingredients.Service was spot on.  The servers all worked every table as a team, which definitely contributed to the fantastic vibe.  Everyone was friendly and helpful. The outdoor eating area was perfect and the overall decor was truly unique and fun.  Cool, quirky and definitely a treasure, I can't wait to try everything on the menu.
4	Overall I liked this place.  The food was good, the servers were attentive and the atmosphere was chill.  The servers had a team game plan so someone was always asking if we needed anything but it wasn't over whelming.  We had the ancho chile wings and they were really good, a little heat but not too much and the wings themselves were well cooked.  We also had the crab pups which are hush puppies made out of crab cake type stuff and they were ok buT I'm not a huge fan of fried stuff.  We also got the Greek pita with chicken, Maybe the highlight of the meal.  All of the food was better than your typical bar food and very reasonably priced.The only flaw I had was their beer selection was a little ho hum.  A few craft beers but nothing stood out.  I would had given five stars but they needed a bigger variety.  We would go back for sure to try a burger.
5	My favorite casual place. The specials are always amazing, but the Ding-Dong Chicken sandwich is amazing too, so the decision on what to get is soooo hard. Burgers are good, Coffee is good, bloody mary's are good...hell, everything is good!Pimpn' Fries w/ Bacon? Yes, please!Only place in town with a Vegetarian Hot Dog (lots of Vegetarian friendly, but not Vegan friendly options).Only wish they had a larger local beer selection and it would be perfect.PS- save yourself the trouble and park across the street in the Bail Bonds lot - they rent this lot and it is easier to park there.
3	I went for greasy bar food and usually it does the trick but this time however the shrimp corn dogs were way too much batter not enough shrimp and the same could be said about the crab hush puppies. I think my stomach won't forgive me. But the beer special was great $3 craft beer roulette everyone is a winner!
3	Went there yesterday for lunch and had great expectations after reading all these awesome reviews. Honestly, I was a little disappointed. We ordered crab pups and fried pickles and liked it. Crab pups were a bit chewy, but the tartar sauce was amazing. The fried pickles were light and out of this world and the wasabi ranch that comes with it was great. I ordered the green chili pork and my wife ordered the stray dog (veggie dog). Neither of us were impressed with our choices. At first bite the pork  and pineapple seemed to go well, but I was struggling to finish it. And my wife said she'd had better veggie dogs before, but she really liked the veggie chili on the dog. They seem to have a decent beer menu and some good craft brews (I had the Red Oak Amber Ale). Their cocktail list was exhaustive and I really enjoyed the $5 Bloody Mary.
5	My husband went here last year with some coworkers because he saw it on Diners Drive Ins and Dives, and made me go with him this time. It definitely lives up to its hype! We started with the Pimpin Fries, waffle fries much like Chick Fila's with homemade pimento cheese melted on top. My hubby doesn't even like pimento cheese and was raving about them. He got a Mammoth burger (double) and couldn't finish it all, it was huge! I had the Ding Dong Chicken sandwich at the suggestion of our server who said nothing on the menu was as good as it. Chicken breast, some yummy sweet cole slaw, siracha, and crunchy peanut butter made for a delicious sandwich. Whoever thought of putting peanut butter on a chicken sandwich is genius! My daughter had the basic chicken sandwich ad said it was good. We all topped the stay off with a single bowl of banana pudding, which was excellent and fed all three of us. I will definitely make this a regular in Charlotte!
5	Had the White Trash Burger. Sooo good!
5	Just moved to Charlotte less then two weeks ago, and Pinky's is just down the road from my new office so I figured I had to try it. LOVE IT! Very good and fun dishes with very fast and friendly service. I will def be going back here!
5	So glad I listened to Yelp!  This place was a delight!  The food is great - we had the hush pups to start which were the best I've ever had.  I had the cheeseburger and waffle fries - wonderful.  My friends had the fried pickles, corn dog, more waffle fries and the shrimp salad thingy - all very much enjoyed.  The ambiance was great.  If I lived in Charlotte, I would be going there every week.
4	It's always a coin flip whenever I'm in Charlotte looking for a burger, and fried pickles between Pinky's and Diamond since the whole Penguin fiasco happened. The things I like about Pinky's is that it is easy to get to. Simple exit off of I-77 onto Morehead St. and look for the Volkswagen bug on the roof.  It is conveniently located near Bank of America Stadium, and a short drive to Time Warner Cable Arena.The crab puppies here are a must if you're not in the mood for fried pickles, or onion rings. The sauce works perfectly with the flavor of the puppies. It is a taste that'll have you coming back. The fried pickles are just as delicious as ever, crisp and the breading doesn't fall over everywhere. The burgers come in different sizes and combinations of toppings. (I prefer the mammoth with bacon, cheese, and mayo)  If you're not in the mood for burgers, the hot dogs are a hit too, so my wife says and she's hard to please! I haven't had many drinks, only one actually and it was a bloody mary and it was really garlicy. Not complaining, I love garlic. The wait staff in all the times I have been have been nice, and kept my drink full. Can't complain. Usual meal for myself is around $12-$15 tip included.What keeps Pinky's from a 5 star is one thing. Parking, not enough parking. I don't like having to park across the street which is sometimes full as well during lunch rush. Besides that the place is a must visit.
4	Best rated burger joint with price and quality hands-down. It may not look like a whole lot from the outside, but you should be able to tell my the locals mixed with visitors it's a hot-spot.- Friendly servers and atmosphere- Quality food- Can be a bit messy, careful!- Reasonably priced- Parking can be tricky- Check the photos!You can easily get lunch for two under $20 with drinks and starter.I finished up a Spartan Race and headed over to Pinky's to recoup. I needed a massive amount of protein and some potassium for my aching body.I ordered up some some fried pickles because they usually hit the spot when your starving and don't take long to get to your table. Greg's pickles ($3.95 small) were tasty but not my favorite part of the meal, just too greasy.I love the whole concept of ordering burgers here, basically you pick 1-3 5oz patties and choose from three styles and can add any additions. EVERYTHING includes mayo, lettuce, tomato, onion & dill pickles. I ordered the WESTSIDE which comes with mustard, chili, slaw & onion. You can also pick DING DONG STYLE with crunchy peanut butter, honey-cilantro slaw and hot sriracha sauce. Whatever floats your boat!The Mammoth westside style ($5.75) was such a beast. It wasn't very wide but was quite the skyscraper. Can you say jaw fatigue? It really hit the spot. My wife picked up the Green Chile Pork ($6.25) and we both loved it. You can't go wrong with marinated pork grilled with pineapple slices, melted swiss cheese, arugula and jamaican mayonnaise on a seeded bun. The sauce had so much flavor and pineapple added such a boost.I loved this place, although I could have went without the pickles. This will be a place I stop at often when in the area!
2	Been to Pinky's twice. 2 stars is an average of both visits.First visit was good. Burgers are great.. very juicy and homemade like. Fries were a little lukewarm, but they remade them for me. all in all very good ( 4 star) experience.Second visit went like this. Was meeting my gf there for a late lunch. Told seater I had a part of 2, do you have a table available. He told me they do but since my full party was not present, they couldn't sit me. I responded that she was parking. He said still he could not. So i said, well do you have a table for one, he said yes but you are a party of 2 and have to wait. Now I can see if I was a party of 5 and we was waiting on 3 or 4 of the group... but any table that seats one, seats 2... WHATS THE BIG DEAL.Need less to say, I said no thank you and left and ate at The Burger Company.I am very picky about some things. Won't be going there again.
3	This place has been on our radar for about a year now. Finally we stopped in before heading to the airport to catch a flight. Immediately I wish that I had come here in a cab as they offered a variety of delicious sounding alcoholic beverages. My girlfriend and I were in and out of this place in about a half hour, which was a plus seeing that we had to catch a flight. The service was great and the food was pretty good for the type of grub they were serving.It is hard to give an accurate review of this place on the first try seeing that we only tried their wraps and hush puppies (very good...but of course who can screw up hush puppies?). There was nothing really memorable about this place, but we will definitely be back to check-out the drinks and other food items.Lastly, I'm not quite sure if this place knows exactly what type of establishment they are. I would love to see them in the south end side of town and open until 2:00a.m. I would also recommend this place have one side as the eating joint and the other side a bar, since it does seem to be a bit confused what kind of crowd they are looking for. Overall a "B" grade for PINKY'S!
4	Stopped by here on the way to the airport.  They had a large variety of beers. And some interesting memue items. Pinky dog was awesome
5	I rarely give 5 stars. Let me repeat... I RARELY give 5 stars. But this place was on point! I had the White Trash Burger and added bacon (bacon elevates everything... it's a known fact) and switched out the cheese for pepper jack. I had sweet potato fries and they were fresh and AWESOMMMEEE!!! Even my Arnold Palmer was GOOD! It had pink lemonade in it. Check the photo! My burger was juicy. I loved the crunchy pickles on it. The burger was perfect for my hands... it's like... it was made to fit in my hands... and in my mouth. The waitress was mad attentive. I require the bare minimum, but she kept checking on us, asking how everything was. Even another lady came through to see how everything was going. Now if I get the bare minimum, I usually leave a 20% tip; but I think I left like 30something% Bravo Pinky's... Bravo!
4	Buffalo Shrimp Tacos! Get them! Then come back and get them again!
4	The menu is a perfect sized menu. Have a couple things and do those couple things right. They clicked on all cylinders. They need to update the size of the TV's but the staff was great, the food was great and you cant beat a KISS pinball machine.
1	it sucks food is nasty I will not be going back
4	New to Charlotte.  Came here after work one Friday for much needed drinks!  Initially, I thought the bar staff had too much attitude for my taste, but we were blessed with a super friendly server who made up for my initial reaction.  Being dairy and gluten-free, it's sometimes hard to find things to eat on the menu, but I was super excited to find potato-crusted tilapia to satisfy the fried fish craving I had been having all day.  Along with waffle fries, it felt great to participate in a booze and fried food fest.  I'm totally in love with the drink menu.  I had a delicious spicy hot ginger spiced rum concoction, and have begun a quest to try every drink on the menu.  Service was quick, and to be fair my group was pretty rowdy, and though we may have been slightly disruptive to other patrons, (sorry, people), it was never an issue.  Hoping to make this a habit :)
4	Great food, love the pimp n fries however they cook burgers well done and won't accommodate medium so I find the meat a little drying.  Other than that, everything is very tasty
4	Slightly pricey for the money.  Sides extra.  Too early for a full review.  Willing to return for another try
3	There's something to be said for the lost art of great service. I say I found my brush at Pinkey's.  I give 3 stars for the food, 4 for service. Had the white trash burger, good. But soggy bun that couldn't hold up the ingredients. The hummus appetizer was great, soft pillowy pita bread. My grandson had the banana pudding. It was made w/cool whip & tasty. We'll be back as the oldest granddaughter lives here w/her Mother. Oh & she's my daughter, too!
4	Pimpin' fries with veggie chili. (Thanks, Tonya P. for the recommendation. Total game changer.)Fried pickles.Vegetarian hot dogs.Nature boy, ding dong style.Tall, cool, cheap cans of PBR.There's not a better place for you to enjoy heartburn-inducing food. Despite the lack of parking spaces and the not-so-enthusiastic service, it's a go-to for me. I would eat here once a week if my jeans didn't protest so loudly.Great place for kids, or just grabbing dinner and beer with friends.
5	I loved it!! The atmosphere was relaxed and chill. The food was sooo good and filling for cheap prices! Got the white trash burger and the fried squash! The waiters and waitresses were friendly, make great suggestions and were on top of it!
3	Not bad food was really good and I was completely full
4	Green chile pork and fish tacos are delicious. Cool place, good prices.
1	I really expected more from all the hype I'd heard surrounding this place. It's near my work and I'd heard their food was amazing. After visiting them 4 different times for business lunches and a birthday party, aside from some decent Fried pickles, you'll find nothing more than below average bar food and sandwiches. I would steer clear and ignore this overrated sentimental bar and grill.
4	I like this place. I don't love it, but I do like it a lot. It's a Charlotte institution, and the food is very good. The only thing that threw me off is that the onion rings are very soft... not thick as expected. Still good.
5	Love this place, great local hangout and good food
4	Very good, greasy, totally only eat once a month food!!!  Everything is fried!  Highly recommend the white trash burger (fried pickle, fried onions, cheese, burger) and their sweet potato fries which are awesome!!!
4	Cold beer, great music, fun staff and good food. It's bar food, nothing too gastronomic, but it tastes great. I had the fish tacos. Excellent!
4	Location, location, location!  West Side!  Just kidding...but no...really...West Side!Pinky's is so convenient and easy to get to.  Just a small hop off of the freeway and BAM...burger's in your mouth!  I love how Pinky's has their shat together.  It gets busy for lunch during the week, and they'll still get you in and out without the hassle.  Lunch isn't exactly the best time for Pinky's though.  This place is about atmosphere, ambiance, and a bit of grit.  Come here to relax and tip a couple of cold ones.  Some people like to get concert t-shirts and autographs...I just want to stain my old PBR shirt with fried pickle juice and pimento cheese grease.  The food here is atypical bar fare mingled with some traditional grub.  I personally love the buffalo shrimp tacos.  The fried pickles are also a must...and they'll be sure to let you know that if you used to go to that "other" unscrupulous joint, that those pickles are now residing at Pinky's.  You know what I'm saying (winky face).  Sorry...couldn't picture myself typing a semi-colon and a parentheses to make a winky face.  Try this place...then come back!
5	I am a HUGE fan of Pinky's. It's definitely one of my go-to lunch/low-key dinner places. The fried pickles are absolutely a must. I'd rather get them on the side of my burger than fries - they're that good. They're exactly the right ratio of salty pickle to crisp breading. You also have to try at least one thing "Ding Dong Style." I would never have thought of putting peanut butter and saracha on a sandwich, but as a combo, it can't be beat! The Ding Dong Chicken is one of my favorites.The wait staff is always fast, friendly and helpful, too, so it's a pleasure to grab a bite here.
4	They could be friendlier.I got here right when they were opening on a weekday.  I had to get there early because of a doctor's appointment nearby.  When I went to the door, it was locked, and they had a chair wedged underneath it.  I pulled on the door and waited for them to open it.  When they did, I went in, they didn't greet me, smile, nothing.  They just turned their back to me and went about their business.I walked past them and stood where a person normally would if they were waiting to be seated.  I turned to look back at the same staff that were annoyed that I was their first customer of the day, and said "Can I just sit anywhere"?  The beardy one mumbled "yeah", and I went to sit down at a 4 top table.  I was the only one in the restaurant.  Five seconds later, he ran over to say "This place fills up fast, do you wanna sit at one of the smaller tables"?  Ugh.  Not really, I don't want you to cram a party of four in beside me.  That's what I thought you meant by SIT ANYWHERE.I got a Tyrannosaurus burger and fries.  Both were delicious, but the burger was smaller than I expected.  I got banana pudding for dessert to finish, and it was delicious and definitely homemade.I had 4 or 5 different people visit my table to refill my drink, while I ate, so I never knew who my actual server was, and how to base my tip.  The beardy one that first greeted me helped the most, but he never smiled, nor said have a nice day.  Basic niceties, that's what this place is devoid of.I will go back, because the food made up for the service, but if I am treated the same way, that'll be the last time.  I don't care if you're trying to be hipster, you come off like an a** in the process.
3	This place has a super cool atmosphere and the food is good but know that it is super super greasy!!!!  That is why this place isnt one of my personal favorites but its always packed!!!  The staff is ok also, not overly attentive but they get the job done.  I think there are much better places in Charlotte to eat.
4	Visiting from out of town and found this place very easily. The parking lot was full: always a good sign! Not a whole lot of seating in the "lobby" if you have to wait long, but luckily they got us seated pretty quickly.Had to check out the pickle chips as I'm a fan, and they didn't disappoint. Good balance of seasoning and crispiness for the breading; although, we had to ask for the ranch dressing that's supposed to come with it. This did lead to some confusion because by this time we had seen three different servers, and I wasn't quite sure who to ask: the one who took our beverage, the one who brought it, or the one who took our food order, or the one who brought our appetizer. I see someone else commented on this, and I gather by connecting the dots that the restaurant does not have servers assigned to sections. This does make it a little confusing for the customer when you are trying to figure out who to ask for things or for that matter who you are tipping.The burgers were juicy and tasty, albeit they were lacking in the presentation. The food baskets they come in are so small that you really can't get a good look at them. Oh well, just pick them up and bite in! Ordered the White Trash and a Cheeseburger Ding Dong Style. Have to say I favored the latter. The White Trash was a little bland and really couldn't taste the sauce, but the flavor of the Ding Dong is banging: peanut butter and honey-cilantro slaw. Who would have thought!?! We ordered onion rings as a side, and I would certainly suggest to pass on those. They're not really onion rings, more like onion straws, and even that is a stretch. The breading was falling off of them, and they were difficult to pick up. There were very few "rings" in the basket, too. Wish they had a description on the menu because if I knew I was not ordering onion rings we certainly would have ordered something different.One last thing to be aware of...no kids menu. I realize it's not a family joint per se, but we weren't the only ones with kids in the joint. Certainly able to find something they would enjoy, but the portion size and price for kids was a bit much.
5	How can you go wrong with pimento cheese fries and a nice cold local brew? Everything I've glad here have been excellent!
5	One of my favorite lunch spots, I can't believe I have not yelped about Pinky's before today!  Met my baby girl and her boo for lunch. Arrived around 12:30 and did not have to wait, which was suprising,because the place is usually packed.  I dig the decor,and the inked up wait staff who are always friendly, attentive and quick with the refills.The fried pickles were spot on on today.  I had the white trash burger, which was as always delish!  The service is fast, the food hot, plentiful and consistent.The drink menu is very imaginative, although I always go for lunch, so I haven't had the pleasure of trying anything on it.  I'll have go for dinner to give something a try.Parking is usually a bit of a challenge, as the parking lot is very tiny (there's additional parking directly across the street and to the right of the building, but this inconvenience is worth it for the treat that you will get inside.
4	Solid burger selection with many topping choices including--get this--chunky peanut butter. Don't knock it til you give it a try. Servers are always upbeat and quick with a recommendation. And I have to agree with several others that the fried pickles are a must. Don't even think about it--just order them when you sit down. Finally, I've always found their drink specials a great deal. Be sure to check out the handwritten specials menu posted behind the bar for the latest.
5	Best food and atmosphere in the area. The White Trash burger is a must, and the specials they have are almost always a must try. The fried pickles are done perfectly.Be warned, the place is small and the parking is even smaller, but worth the effort and wait!
5	White trash heaven,  you just have to get one.
4	What a great spot for good burgers and dog. We enjoyed both & they were served quickly and cheap prices. We also ordered a side of sweet potato fries, hot & cooked to perfection. I am a ketchup girl, but they served them with a creamy mustard dipping sauce that was a great second option.
4	Shrimp tacos were fantastic. Great spice and flavor. Unique dish. Popcorn chicken was moist and the fries were delicious dipped in their honey mustard. Fun drinks and atmosphere. Prices were a touch high but with that said, the quality was spot on.
4	Pinky's gets 4 stars from me because the food is decent, I love the atmosphere, and they have some pretty good vegan options. I don't believe they have the vegan options designated on the regular menu, but make sure to ask for the secret vegan menu. I had been to Pinky's several times before and then finally on one occasion my waiter realized I was ordering all vegan food so he brought this magical vegan menu from the kitchen that included tofu meals that aren't on the regular menu. The tofu concoction I had that day was delicious. Their chili is also amazing (and vegan) and has a good kick to it. This place gets packed right at noon so be prepared to wait in line. They have some good beers to choose from and I love their outdoor/indoor patio. Overall a solid place to hang out and grab a bite.
4	I have been back a couple of times since my first review, and I can say so far I have been very pleased with my food. The falafel is great, the ding dong chicken is tasty, the West Side Randy with Grilled Chicken is really delish!!  I have also now tried the onion rings and the crab hush puppies. Honestly, all of my entrees have been outstanding, but the sides were not quite at the same level.  The onion rings were freshly made, but not the most delicious onion rings I have ever had. (A little too skinny & stringy for my preference.) The crab puppies were just a tiny bit disappointing - I had really high hopes for them, but on my visit, they were just a bit on the bland side and didn't have much crab in them. (I might give them another try on another visit in case it was just an off day.)On my last couple of visits, I had really good service and was overall very pleased with Pinky's. Keep up the good work guys!
5	I can't believe I haven't thought to write a review on Pinky's until now. Well, this place is hip, clean, and has great food. Went here today and had the hummus appetizer, which was surprisingly indulgent. It has some very tasty hummus, an artichoke salad, black olives (that tasted like green olives), chopped tomato and sliced red onions. This appetizer could easily be a full meal in itself. I ordered my usual falafel wrap, which was awesome as always. In the past, I have also had the vegetarian hot dog, which is also pretty delicious. Two downsides to this place: the music selection is not to my liking (mostly pop/hip hop) and the parking is so limited, you must park across the street or way in back. For now, we are lucky that many other places nearby are out of business, so we can park in their old lots. My sister was with me today and asked why I had kept this place a secret. It's no secret, I just don't get enough opportunities to go to Pinky's as much as I would like.Go to Pinky's. You won't be disappointed.
4	So Good!
5	okay okay okay, now I do not spend a lot of time in Charlotte but when I do come I spend it with my friend Jose, and he is literally the ambassador of all things amazing to eat in charlotte.   So we come to Pinkys, I originally ordered the like patty melt burger, and her got the Crispy Big John Chicken sandwich......I took him sandwich...I literally don't know WHAT sort of drugs they sprinkle on that sandwich but I insist that ANYONE who comes to charlotte better have the Big John.  It literally is the best chicken sandwich I have ever had I cant stress how good it is.....
5	I am not from Charlotte, but anytime I'm in town, I HAVE to now stop in for a meal. I was introduced to this place a couple of years back, and have now made it a regular stop when in the area.I've ALWAYS had a great meal and the servers and management wait on you consistently!! Even if it's not your main server, they always ask if everything is alright?!! AWSOME !!!The whole place is eclectic from the food to the decor, to the people working and eating  there!It can get busy there, with waits outside, but that should be your first clue that this is a hidden gem.
4	Traveled to Charlotte for business, this place is trendy with an interesting menu of great bar/pub style food. The bartender was awesome and there is a nice selection of cocktails and craft beer on tap. Very reasonably priced.
4	Great food, unique names on the menu, great options,have been here a handful of times.
4	Wife and I decided to try this place while we were visiting Charlotte. I gotta say, im a fan! I had the Ancho BBQ wings and the White Trash Burger, both were excellent. I also loved the beer deals they had going on Friday night. The Craft Beer Roulette is a fun way to try new beers for 3$ that they normally charge 5$ for!
3	Go this place for the ambience, service and fine cocktails. Pub style/diner food too. My hubby thought the food overly greasy but I enjoyed the buffalo shrimp tacos. Waitress recommended the nature boy burger and I would try that next time. I had an excellent absolut cocktail - ginger hibiscus. It was the most interesting cocktail I've had, in a good way! Hubby disappointed with white trash burger and ditto daughter with veggie hot dog, but we all agreed the fried pickles and fried squash were excellent. Wonderful batter. Go!
3	Having lived in Charlotte for a little over a year now, this was a place my husband and I had been wanting to visit. We are amateur burger connoisseurs, and we have heard great things about Pinky's, so, needless to say, we were pretty pumped for some Pinky's! We went on a Saturday night, so it was kind of busy. This does not bode well for customers because their parking lot holds approximately 8 cars (give or take a few). We lucked out and got a spot, but it was a hot mess when we were trying to leave! Next, the ambiance. The staff is very friendly, and the establishment itself is fun. It had that diner feel (I think it is a converted garage??), but while some diners can be antiquated and kind of dirty, this one was trendy and almost "hipsterish". I am an avid hot-dog fan (trashy, I know), and the Pinky Dog looked MIGHTY yummy, but I was feeling a burger this evening. I ordered the White Trash Burger (burger patty with fried onion rings, fried pickles, and spicy ranch) because it is so highly regarded by fellow yelpers, and my husband got a mammoth burger "Ding-Dong Style" (includes crunchy peanut butter, honey-cilantro coleslaw, and Siracha hot sauce). We also split the Pimp Fries (waffle fries smothered with homemade pimento cheese and bacon). They looked like they had some really good cocktails, but we weren't there for drinks, so perhaps another time (and I will get that hot dog!).The verdict: it was OKAY. My burger itself was not very good and a little over cooked (we were not given a cook-to-order option). The fried pickles and onion rings were good (how can you go wrong with fried food?), but there could have definitely been a little more spicy ranch on it; I couldn't really taste it at all. My husband's burger was about the same. The burger itself did not impress, but the toppings were unique and pretty good. He also felt that they skimped a bit on the Siracha. The fries, however, were the star of the meal. Their homemade pimento cheese is pretty delicious. I could probably have just eaten that with a spoon and been satisfied (remember what I said about being trashy?).Thus, there are way better burgers in Charlotte, so I will not be going back for those, but there were some redeeming things that might have me paying them another visit in the future.
3	I've been wanting to try this place since we randomly stumbled across it while exploring a side of the city we had never been to. I have since heard many good things and checked out the menu online. I knew this was my chance to try a burger with peanut butter on it and I reserved that experience for Pinky's.First things first, the parking lot is kind of a mess. We were lucky enough to find a spot on a busy night, but trying to get out was more difficult. There were a lot of people waiting, but having only two in our party, we sat immediately. (I wouldn't recommend for large groups on busy nights.) I got a burger Ding Dong Style and my wife got the White Trash Burger - we also split the "Pimp'n Fries" (pimento cheese, bacon waffle fries). The Ding Dong Burger had honey cole slaw, crunchy peanut butter, and siracha hot sauce. It was ok, I could have used a touch more hot sauce. The wife felt the same about hers. I like my burgers medium - we weren't asked and both came out well-done. The star was the fries. The pimento cheese is delicious. There are a few things that I might go back for, but the location (far from my apartment) means it probably won't be for a while.
2	This review is strictly for the Jive Turkey ( Turkey burger) We come here pretty regularly and thought the tasteless Turkey burgers on last visit was a fluke. Wrong!  We tried them again and they had not a lick of salt/ seasoning on them.What happened???? Boo on Pinky' s. Please tell the cook (s) that poultry lacks much fat and NEEDS  seasoning. Really enjoy crab puppies, beef burgers, cocktails and salads...but need them to get that bird right!
5	I'm just going to reiterate what those who have been fortunate enough to experience Pinky's have said in their reviews here:White Trash Burger: Yes, you should get it at least once but be prepared for a gut bomb for real. (I haven't had the Ding Dong burger but have heard it's pretty dang good as well. I might be adventurous enough to try that someday... Maybe.)Cheese fries: Yes, get those also. But again, gut bomb.Corn dogs of any sort: Hell yeah. Get those too.Atmosphere: Super laid back, hipster, casual and diner-ish. I went there today after not showering for 2 days and no one seemed to care. (Let the judging commence...)Pricing: Average, affordable diner food pricing. ($22 for 2 meals and 2 soft drinks)Service: Spot on! Did not have to ask for anything at all as our server was seriously on top of everything. Also, on our way out the door today after lunch, we were told "Have a good one!" and "Thanks again!" by several of the employees. That really goes a long way for me.And lastly... Why are the "Shrimp Corn Dogs" not called "Shrimp Puppies"??!! It is just beyond me. It would be such a cute little name for those delicious morsels of fried battered shrimpness. It just makes sense. (Yeah, go ahead and get those too.)**Oh! Almost forgot... park behind the building in the gravel lot or else you won't be parking anywhere.
4	The quality of food was as advertised.  I was extremely impressed with the alcoholic drinks.   They were surprising good. I will return again when I'm in Charlotte.
5	I went here last night for the 4th or so time. So good. I picked up some burgers and a patty melt and some appetizers that were still hot when I got home (I live 15 min away). The guy that checked me out was super nice. The burgers, always great. The ranch sauce for the pickles is awesome, we saved the rest!
4	Pinky's is a very interesting place with a very diverse menu. There is plenty of neat art/graphic things too look at. They even have KISS pinball! All around there is a very comfortable dinner atmosphere.My favorite thing about Pinky's is there drink menu. They have a good verity of beer and liquor. Not to mention, so far, they make the best Manhattan in town and it's relatively cheap. They all kinds of different and good drinks, along with specials every night of the week.The food is good quality for a dinner. They even have a vegetarian menu with vegan items listed, which is always appreciated by me. My favorite item so far is the tahini salad, mostly because of the falafels, they are very good though a little greasy, but isn't that what dinner food is about?
5	Cool burger joint w a very nice staff with a rocker vibe. I've had the fries pickles, the ding-dong style chicken sandwich and the white trash burger all recompense by the staff and they were all great! Had some really good brews on tap for a cherry on top!
5	I love this place. Whenever I'm in the area, I look forward to a meal here. It's really cute inside and the staff is always cheerful and helpful, but the really impressive thing is the FOOD. This place knows their pub grub and knows it well. I have never had better fried pickles. Their burgers are awesome. They have a good selection of beer, and their servers are well versed in the beer selections. They have a number of vegetarian options. My fella is vegetarian and he really enjoys the Nature Boy veggie burger served white trash style, and meat eater that I am, I have to say I am tempted to try it someday, it looks really good. If you are in the area, you really owe it to yourself to try this place, you won't be disappointed.
4	New Year's Day lunch since we did New Year's Eve at home.  Got the last remaining parking spot and stepped inside.  Noticed that the interior featured the macabre.....skulls, skeletons and the like, which I love!  Seating is close together in this small, but charming spot.  Good wine specials,  but my husband was a bit dismayed to see a half inch head on his first draft beer (second one was better). I was thrilled to see vegan and vegetarian options on the menu.  I ordered the tahini salad, which featured falafel on greens with feta, tomato, cucumber and onion.  Plus, a tahini dressing that wasn't bad.  Salad for days, so I shared with the husband.  He got the turkey burger and also ended up ordering fried pickles, which were delightfully crispy and served with plentiful Ranch dressing.I didn't like that everything came in paper, except for the drinks.  I am sure it saves them on dish washing, but I like eating from real plates and bowls, especially salad.The host and all of the servers were extra sweet.  That is a plus in this age of rude and abrupt.Bottom line:  I wanna go again!
3	grabbed a late breakfast/brunch when visiting charlotteordered the crab hush puppies, pimento cheese waffle fries, and the white trash burgerthe pimento cheese waffle fries were AMAZING.. at first. then they got kind of sickening:/ and then along with the hush puppies and the burger (which has fried onion rings in it) .. it was just too much fried greasiness for mefriend tried the burger thai style(?) and liked it.. i definitely recommend NOT order ALL fried greasy food and balancing out the meal
2	This review is for huntersville location. My husband and I are trying to like this place. We have been twice now but I don't think we will go again. So here are the pros:Nice atmosphereFriendly and accommodating staffSome of the food was good. Fish tacos were good. My husbands burger was over cooked and they didn't ask how he wanted it cooked. He had a good beer.Cons:We never know who our waiter/waitress is. We have so many people who wait on our table. The tiny little baskets that the food arrives in. I hate them. They give you absolutely no room to grub. The food a lot of the time is messy. My husbands sandwich was falling apart and there was no room in the paper basket to catch all the filling. I got fish tacos and had to ask for an additional basket to eat out of. Plastic silverware. I can't believe it. I need a sturdy knife to cut my toddlers corn dog up and they bring me a plastic knife. Not even a well made plastic knife. And she has a little paper basket big enough to hold only a single corn dog. I asked for an additional plate to put her cut up corn dog on and they bring me a styrofoam mini plate that could fall to the floor if you blow on it. Last time I went I got a salad. They delivered it to me and asked if there was anything else I needed it. I asked for salad dressing and a fork! Geez
5	I have eaten here several times.. And everything is delicious. But today we had the hushpups with tarter sauce ( yeah i thought the same thing, tarter sauce??...) But they were the best hushpups i have had in charlotte.  We also had the fish and shrimp tacos and they were AMAZING!!!!!
4	Come here for your fat day and wear your sweat pants, you malaka. The Ding Dong chicken sandwich was so tasty. Ask for them to go light on the peanut butter, though.Me and my alcoholic accomplice enjoyed the white trash burger, too. This place is redonk cheap.
2	No flavor at all! I should have gotten sharp cheddar instead of going along with the provolone on the white trash burger. The meat was dry as well. I liked the waffle fries with pimento cheese but my girlfriend didn't. Oh yeah, the "crab" puppies (hush puppies with crab) had a minimalist amount of crab in them. It was basically all dough. Servers were friendly & attentive but we seemed to have 4 of them & they kept asking us if we were ok. All in all, we probably aren't coming back. Not enough flavor, sorry.
5	Pinky's is everything I could hope for in a diner. Cheap beer, awesome burgers, and enough for leftovers. I've ate here several times, got something different each time and I've always left euphoric. I usually start with their crab hushpuppies; crunchy, slightly sweet, and perfectly complemented by spicy ranch sauce. Their burgers are good quality and very flavorful too. I tried the ding dong style, and the eclectic mix of sweet peanut butter and spicy sriracha do wonders. I was skeptical beforehand but they've made a believer out of me. Great value, excellent food, and relatively close to BoA Stadium have made Pinky's one of my new favorite burger joints. Well worth the five minute drive from uptown.
4	Fried, greasy, comfort food at it's best.  Vegetarian friendly!  The service is great, because the servers will all help any table.  The atmosphere is fun - divey.  Even when there is a wait, I've never waited more than 10-15 minutes. The VEGETARIAN CHILI is a bit sweet for my taste, so I'm not a huge fan of eating a bowl of it, but it's great on a hot dog, burger or fries.  Speaking of hot dogs and burgers, they have vegetarian versions of both, so you don't have to miss out on any of the fun burger combos or corn dogs.  Vegetarian corn dogs!  The breading on the CORN DOG is sweet and corn bread-ish, but lighter and fried.   I had the VEGGIE DOG with CHILI and PIMENTO CHEESE.  Everything about it worked for me.  The dog itself probably isn't that great, but smothered in chili and cheese, it's delicious.  The FRIED PICKLES have a basic flour breading (which I prefer over cornmeal, but not as good as tempura batter).  They were crispy and served with a thick creamy ranch dipping sauce.  My sister enjoyed the SWEET POTATO FRIES.  I'm never a fan, so I'm not a good judge, but I found them to be sweet and limp, not at all what I want from a fry.  The DING DONG STYLE BURGER is weird but everyone at my table enjoyed it (to varying degrees).  The peanut butter flavor was a bit too strong, so we countered with loads of sriracha.  But the honey slaw on top was a nice touch.  NOT QUITE FRIED TURKEY SANDWICH is not at all fried, for those who are wondering.  It's a baked turkey that has been sliced and layered on a bun with bacon, fresh basil, tomato, mayo and cheese.  Husband found it to be an acceptable healthier alternative to what the rest of us ordered (minus the cheese and mayo).  The baked PIMENTO CHEESE WAFFLE FRIES with BACON = the piece de resistance for us.  They are careful to layer the pimento cheese inside the fries so it's not just on top.  The bacon is perfectly crispy, and while this might have been the most decadent dish, it's definitely the most delicious.  Add sriracha for more amazing-ness.  I did not get the bill, so I have no idea how much the BANANA PUDDING cost, but it was too much for 4 of us to split (so whatever the cost, probably worth it).  It's messy looking, slopped into a bowl with a couple of spoons stuck into the top, and it's nothing gourmet or interesting.  But it nicely satisfied all of our sweet cravings at the end of a gluttonous meal.  Only come here if you don't care about fat or calories.  It's a cheat meal, for sure.
3	I have eaten at pinkeys a handful of times. It has always been pretty good but tonight was a different story me and my wife both had the grilled chicken sandwich like some other people have said just no seasoning blan as could be very disappointing. I was born and raised in the south so i love my sweet tea but tonight it was so sweet you couldnt swallow it. Trying to be nice we ask the waiter to bring us 1 glass of unsweet so we could mix in with our glasses he acted like he was bothered kinda had an attitude the whole time with us uhhhhh. Then to top if off sat behind a group of yuppies who thought it was cool to cuss every other word and talk as loud as possible. Some people actually do bring there children in there to eat but not pinkeys fault just the kind of people they attract sometimes. Hopefully just an off night love places like this I will give them another shot
5	Brace yourself... I'm about to blow.your.mind...Ding dong chicken TACOS... boom. Wait... whattt? Yup. Just ask your server for the Ding dong chicken sandwich as tacos. Get yo butt into Pinky's today... Feel free to send a compliment to thank me later :)
5	Try to make it here at least once a month.  If you are new to, or have friends coming to Charlotte for the first time you have to stop!  I haven't been disappointed with a single meal here.  The best grease gourmet in charlotte
5	Great atmosphere and awesome food. The staff are always friendly and helpful when I'm not sure what to order. The white trash burger and corndog shrimp are my favorite! As far as parking, I always park in the lot across the street. There's only a handful of spaces in the actual parking lot of the restaurant and it's usually full when I arrive. Overall, a great place to try if you haven't!
4	It's just a pretty awesome place. Really cool vibe, waitstaff is awesome, food was really good to. Nice to go to a restaurant that has vegetarian stuff too ! Good portion size on everything Yeah I'm a big fan I'm definitely going back.
5	First time customer and will be a returning customer lol. I got the White Trash Burger and the Veggie Chilli and being a full on carnivore I didn't miss the lack of meat. 5 stars!
3	The food was OK. That's it. The burger was not seasoned enough and the toppings were put on very sloppy. My mate had a fish sandwich and send the same. Bland food. The wings were ok as well. Prices are fair and you do get enough food to fill you up. But nothing comes with the burgers or sandwiches so you have to order fries separate. Downer. The overall appearance of the place was cool. Hard seats but cool decorations. Very laid back music. Nice bar area. The bartender looks like Jesus. Might not come back anytime soon.
3	My husband found this place and happy we visited.  I had the hamburger which was ok, would not recommend.  I have found over the years that I am just bad at ordering food.  My husband had the shrimp salad which was tasty and my son had the chicken basket, real chicken.  We also had an order of homemade potato chips.  I would go back, but not for a hamburger.
4	Anyone who doesn't order the fried dill pickles is doing themselve a disservice.  A small order of Greg's {DEE-LICIOUS} Pickles is large enough to easily feed three people, and they are reasonably priced to boot. The green chili pork sandwich with pineapple slices is fantastic. This is my go to sandwich at Pinky's, even over their White Trash Burger.  Service is outstanding, but one has to exercise patience since Pinky's is usually very busy during lunch and dinner.The music is loud, and the vibe is eclectic.  Parking is extremely limited, but there is plenty of parking across the street and behind the building. The decor is just plain funky , there's no other word for it.Greg, the man himself, came around and asked me if everything was good. I had my mouth full, so I smiled and gave him a thumbs up - message received. LOL. I love Pinky's and I've always had a great time here. Forget the Penguin, Pinky's is the real deal.
5	Pinky's is such a wonderfully funky place, inside and out. Follow the Beetle Beacon to this former auto repair shop and you'll rub elbows with bikers and businessmen who unite under the same banner--that of deliciousness and fun! There's plenty to check out on the walls while you wait for your grub, though you never have to wait long...the service team is a well-oiled machine! I've eaten my way through most of the menu and I have never had a meal that disappointed me. Burgers are great--Mom loves the White Trash burger and I like mine Ding Dong style. Don't be afraid of it-- sounds gross, yet tastes amazing!! Order some Pimp'n fries or Crab Puppies to start and you won't need sides with your entree, though the sweet potato fries and black eyes pea salad are both great as well.  Also, daily specials are on the chalkboard behind the hostess stand--look for salmon tacos, which should be on the menu permanently because they're that yummy. You really can't go wrong, folks!Good beer selection, and mixed drinks are plentiful and generously poured. Seating is available at the bar, booths, and inside and outside (lovely when they roll up the garage doors and open up the back dining room!). Only possible issue is parking. If you're not lucky enough to get one of the six or so spots in front, circle around on Morehead (heading away from uptown) and park in the gravel lot past the garage. A bit sketchy when muddy, but otherwise worth the trip (and the short walk). Hands down, my favorite place to eat in this part of the Queen City. Consider it if you would like a delicious and deliciously affordable place to hang that's minutes from  uptown, hit up Pinky's and thank me later when you wake from your food coma!!
5	I haven't met a drink or food item on the menu that I didn't like at Pinky's. This has become a tradition for my boyfriend and I to come at least once a month. The atmosphere is laid back and the staff are sweet and really friendly. Yesterday I had the Fryday Fish Sammich and OMG. I almost passed out. I live on the west side not far from Pinky's and it's awesome that we have something so cool on "the big scary side of town." If you've never been here, you're missing out!
4	Very cool funky style atmosphere! Delicious food, full bar and televisions. A great family style place - I saw one kid with a corn dog, no joke - bigger that his head - over a foot long!!Everything comes in paper trays; big menu list; they have a HUGE margarita and shots list; they offer outdoor seating too!Best Tip about this place: their menu is vegetarian friendly
5	Absolutely delicious! I went into Pinky's to grab some takeout before watching Wrestlemania 30 and it was a great decision. First off, the decor and atmosphere of the restaurant completely suit my personality, so I was in heaven the moment I walked in the door. I placed my order and it was ready in no more than 10 minutes. The Turkey sandwich was out of this world and the hush puppies were fried to golden perfection. I finished the meal off with some banana pudding that reminded me of how my grandma used to make it. All in all, I can't recommend this place enough and I'll certainly be dropping by a few more times before I leave.
3	We ended up at Pinky's since our inital restaurant/bar choice was crowded, but we weren't disappointed!The food was tasty for diner style food. The menu was easy to read and featured different food offerings (Burgers in 3 sizes, Hot Dogs -Corn Dog or Rueben styled, Chicken or Burger Sandwiches with crunchy peanut butter topping)! The three of us had 2 "The Jive Turkey Burgers, a White Trash Burger and a Reuben Hot Dog (minus 1000 Island dressing & swiss cheese) and Sweet Potato Fries. It was $5 ABSOLUTE Night, so we had a few alcohol drinks too. The food was good tasting and we were pleased, but the best was saved for last....the dessert. We chosed the Banana Pudding over the "Cherry Lemon Sundrop, Almond Confettie or Chocolate Swirl Cupcakes" and we were DELIGHTED!!! The pudding was great and had a very homemade cold pudding taste (made with whopped cream) served in a stryfoam bowl.Oh, I forgot to mention that all the plates, utensils or cups were either paper, stryfoam or plastic. No diswasher needed at this place, well at least not for the food unless it for the pots and pans!! LolI would come back, if only for the "Banana Pudding"!!! Smh/lol
4	Housed in what was formerly an auto repair shop, Pinky's Westside Grill is a heck of a great find. Not a dive by any means, but a funky diner with a light hearted way of serving up some seriously delicious food. I had the burger w/pimento cheese which was outstanding!!! I am eager to try some of the other offerings, notably their corn dog and bologna sandwich.Service was exceptional!!! Attentive, friendly and helpful. Charlotte is just a LONG way from Sweet Home Alabama...
5	The only bad thing I can say about this place is the funky parking situation. However, once inside, the service is good and the food is great. You must try the crabpuppies. Everything I've had on the menu I have enjoyed. They usually have some good beer specials and featured cocktails that my wife enjoys as well.
5	Best burger joint in Charlotte! The White Trash burger and fried pickles are the best thing I've had there.
4	I've been to Pinky's before and always had solid food with good service, but never gotten around to writing a review... I checked out a tip from a fellow Yelper the other day and decided to swing by for lunch pick up since options are pretty scarce around my office... I was able to place a to-go order over the phone fairly easily without a long hold time at all... Upon arriving, I had to park across the street which I kind of expected... If you haven't been, the parking lot is probably about 10 spaces, if that... Across the street, there are marked spaces in the Dunkin Donuts parking lot... Make sure to use those... I don't know if they tow, but who wants to find out?I arrived about 10 minutes after placing my order and my food was all ready to go... Definite plus... When you're working with limited time, not having to stand around waiting for food you called in is absolutely awesome... As usual, the servers were quick and very friendly... I ordered the Ding Dong Chicken Sandwich as tacos and it was amazing... I don't typically like crunchy peanut butter, but I barely even noticed those peanuts...  Between the honey-cilantro slaw and the yum yum sriracha, it had a great Thai-like flavor... I decided to be healthy and ordered the fried squash as well... The breading was light and crispy... A great crunch without completely taking over the flavor or overpowering the veggie... One of the most important parts for a to-go order is food temperature and Pinky's really held up in that aspect... By the time I got back to my office, the food was still piping hot and delish...  I finally have another lunch place! Yes!
5	I'm a big fan of the Pink. This is my local neighborhood haunt... but it also has great food, great drinks, and the prices are extremely reasonable. Also, their food is prepared fresh daily ... a little known fact but very evident in the food. Where else can you go and get a great burger and a beer for $7?
5	Appetized with white bean hummus which also had marinated artichokes and olives on the side. Total win. Followed this with a white trash burger which was also spectacular. Prices are cheap and great service.
5	Love this place and really have no complaints. The service is good at both locations, and you are rarely left waiting on a refill. I like the corn dog shrimp the best and my mother and husband really love the crab balls. I haven't had anything here I didn't like. Definitely a place to check out if you are visiting Charlotte and like hip bar food and a good selection of beer.
5	We had such great service today! Our waitress set up a table for 9 within ten minutes of us getting there and made my niece's birthday really special with a fancy coke, and a birthday cupcake. Awesome experience!
5	Great burgers. Relaxed atmosphere & good prices. The staff was really nice , it's pretty kid friendly.  A lot of interesting drink choices and I really liked the music & the decorations made it different from other burger places. I would like to go back . :-D
1	I leave this review with a heavy heart as I know pinky's is a big deal in Charlotte. However, I have been four times hoping for a different outcome, but leaving with food poisoning every single time. I always enjoy the food when I am there but hours later, not so much. I love burgers and I love fries and the menu looks so great and I want pinky's to be good so badly. I hear people talk and I dream about having a delicious burger but every single time, without fail, I have gotten sick. What from? I am not sure. The last time our entire table got sick so I can't be going crazy. The restaurants appeal and staff are great so If you head that way, maybe just ask for a well cooked burger. Let me know how it goes.
3	I guess it's time to update my review. I know everyone and their mothers LOVE Pinky's, but honestly I never feel that excited to be here. One reason... service is always spotty. You may have a good experience once, but chances are don't hold your breath. I was here for lunch yesterday. I had to use the lady's room right away (that's what I got for drinking water like I should) and when the waiter stopped by I simply wasn't ready to order. I asked for a minute, and 15 minutes later the guy still hasn't stopped back by. Look, it's lunch, and I was in my work attires, meaning I don't have all day. And I kept staring at the waiter hoping to get some eye contact. He never once looked around or looked up. Everytime I thought he was heading our way, he would get stopped by something or someone, and turned around without once paying attention to our table. That's just annoying! I literally became that b!tch, and raised my arm waving like a maniac in hope to get some service. When he finally stopped by, instead of offering an apology, he told us that he's not the only one who could have helped us.  REALLY? Well, since you didn't inform us that your restaurant has an open table/grab whoever you like policy, I thought you're MY waiter! The only saving grace was the manager (I'm assuming she's the manager) stopped by and offered an explanation (something got mixed up at another table, which caused every waitstaff to stop whatever they're doing to un-mix the situation) and an apology. And she even offered up a banana pudding to go (which I gave to my coworkers because I don't really eat banana pudding - thus no comment can be made). 1 star for effort to make it right.Food: I never know what to eat here. Typically I go with the burger (southern style), but they are very greasy. And for $5 you get a single burger (with cheese) and no side... a little steep. Yesterday I branched out and ordered the Green Chile Pork sandwich ($6.75). It was different, and I liked it (too bad I had to wolf in down in record time, which caused some serious discomfort immediately after). The pork wasn't overcooked but could be more seasoned. I like the use of arugula instead of lettuce. And the pineapple is refreshing (can be grilled a little more).  Overall food was a solid 3 star. To sum it up: People who adore this place are still going to come here. For those who haven't visited, visit once to decide for yourself. I'm not the biggest fan, but it's a-ok. P.S. Parking is still a pain. Now if you drive pass the place on the right there's an empty lot (instead of across the street which is now occupied by a new Dunkin' Donuts)P.S. Tuesday is $2.50 draft beer special
4	good food, and odd but interesting environment. The Hush puppies and Crab puppies are phenomenal. they are made to order so they take some time but come out piping hot. as an entree the Big john chicken sandwich is great. finally for dessert get the delicious banana pudding.
4	I have eaten here many times.  It is my girlfriend and I's go to spot.  It's very affordable and it's good food.  Now it's fried food but there are some healthy options, although I would suggest the corn dog shrimp and popcorn chicken buffalo style.  The music's a little loud and the wait staff are hipsters.  I wouldn't take my parents here because I feel they would be annoyed by the loudness.  But, if you don't mind loud music and want a good affordable meal this is the place.  A PBR pitcher is like $5 which is awesome!  Good selection of North Carolina brews.  They have wine and liquor drinks as well as daily drink specials.  So, if you haven't been, give it a shot!
5	Love this place it was my first visit... Wow!!!A must visit it you come to Charlotte
4	Yumm!!!Was on a road trip from Virginia to Georgia when we stopped and ate at this place. It was so good that I wanna go back to Charlotte just to eat here!!!The cheese pimiento fries were really really good omg. I never had the American cheese pimiento before and they were really good on fries. I was in heavenI got corn dogs shrimps or something and those were really good too. It was way too much food! My boyfriend got the buffalo shrimp tacos and his dad got a salad since he was on a diet... I felt bad for him watching us eat all this delicious fried food. He definitely had willpower. But he said that his salad was really really good. I love this place and want to go back! I don't know why the bill came out to a lot even though everything seemed really cheap. It was just three main things and an appetizer but I don't care, the food is so good I'll go back somehow!!! Cheese pimiento fries pls~prosfood is yummy!conssomehow bill is more than u expectnot the healthiest option but i dont care bout dat
5	Westside hangout that's funky,  busy,  and on top of their game.   Large selection of food (bar sandwiches, etc) which will require a few more trips to absorb it all.   I think I can manage!   Love the music,  too.
5	Has to be one of the best burgers in Charlotte (Mammoth / Everything).  Shoestring Onion Rings were also amazing.  Definitely a great place to try.
4	Why have I waited this long to try this place!?!  I stopped here today with a colleague and I was beyond impressed with the quality of food, ambiance, and attentiveness of the wait staff.  We ordered the Fried Pickles and the Pimento Cheese Fries as appetizers, both of which were full of flavor and cooked just right.  There were so many things on the menu that I wanted to try but figured I had to go with a burger on my first trip.  I ended up deciding on the Mammoth Westside Burger that had mustard, chili, slaw, and onions.  For some reason 5 oz. sounded really small so i ordered the Mammoth which had two 5 oz. patties.  Anyone else wondering the same thing, one patty would have been plenty!  Don't get me wrong the Mammoth was really, really good, but it was definitely a lot of meat.I'm a huge fan of a restaurant that can get away with playing heavy metal music and not have it take away from the total experience.  From the artwork hanging on the wall to the slug bug on the roof, this place is definitely worth a visit if you are in the area.  I've read some reviews about people getting sick (my wife was one of them!) but it's been about 10 hours now since eating there and I've had no issue.  I guess check back in a few days to see if I've updated my review :)
3	First of all the location is awesome . You have to actually take your time and see all the artwork posted around the building . You can even buy some artwork ! Awesome ! Now to the good stuff , my burger called the JIVE TURKEY . It was a really well seasoned and juicy turkey patty  . I deff had to put the works called everything . Which included lettuce , tomato , pickles and onions . They don't have combination plates so your sides are sold separate . I had waffle fries and I bought a side of house made tartar sauce . I enjoyed the tartar sauce , definitely a score . Service was great , not to mention he was cute .  The menu was executed well with quirky funky names .
4	I've been here twice. My first visit wasn't so great only because they were packed and there literally wasn't anywhere to sit for like an hour. But that just meant to me that it needed to be tried again on a slow day so I did just that. Had the buffalo tacos and fried pickles which were both awesome! The staff were cool and down to earth. Tatted up like myself. Lol. My kid also ate all her food so I was happy about that too. I hate their parking situation tho!
5	Great food,great services,and great prices !  Love homemade chips and burgers were great .
5	Great spot, great food. Tried this local spot while visiting Charlotte and I would definitely come here regularly if I lived in the area. The food is served HOT & fast. The entire staff serves you instead just waiting on one server. The atmosphere, music etc. is cool & chill.
5	Kitschy atmosphere with eclectic menu and great drinks. We had corn dog shrimp, maddy paddy melt, nature boy burger with sweet potato chips and wasabi ranch. Everything was wonderful the shrimp were exactly what you would expect, the paddy melt was juicy and the nature boy loaded with flavor. We topped of that awesome meal with possibly the best banana pudding we have ever had, a heaping bowl of summer time bliss with pudding infused vanilla wafers, delicious.  The wait staff rocked it, always there but never stalking.  Thanks for the experience, if I am ever back in Charlotte I know where I will be eating.
4	Noisy, lively, rambunctious, divey, eclectic atmosphere. From the servers, to the crowd--you never know what you're gunna get. I live and work about a mile a way and frequent Pinky's. Very diverse menu from salads, to dogs, to tacos, and burgers. You can be as healthy or unhealthy as you want and trust it will be a good meal. Decent prices, but they are one of those places that charge you for everything...Fries? That'll be extra. Toppings? That'll be extra. You get the point.Parking is kind of a pain, but there are lots across the street and adjacent. This place gets busy during peak hours so expect a wait. They also have great food and drink specials daily.Ding dong sandwich is sort of a "pad thai" take on a chicken sandwich, different and pretty good...I'd recommend it if that;s your kind of thing. The turkey burgers are impressive for this type of joint. Fish tacos, fresh and delicious.The downside... service is a little odd. It's an "everyone is your server" type of place which makes it confusing and a bit awkward.
4	Was just kicked out of Pinky's.  Had the nerve to show up at 10:30 with a party of six and was told to leave and that they did not want to serve any more people.  Sad.Updated 8/4 - based on very constructive direct feedback From the owner I am updating my review.
3	Let me begin by saying that I intend to visit again and amend my review thusly.I dropped into Pinky's for the first time today around 3:45pm with my wife. I ordered the Southern 500 and she ordered The Stray Dog with the slaw on the side and cheddar cheese added. We also got an order of waffle fries and onion rings.Ok. They were SLAMMED. It was truly unbelievable. Totally understandable to expect slower service, but even still we were waiting for food until 4:36pm. To me, it seemed there was a shift change which perhaps contributed to the delay. The kitchen guys were busting their humps and the hard-working wait staff seemed unable to keep up completely. Not their fault, really, it just seems like they could have used several more hands.The food: My wife's soy dog was the most revolting "hotdog" either of us have ever tasted. I mean honestly. Barfaroni. Her slaw was forgotten and the cheddar they added was laughable. Not enough to justify asking.The waffle fries and onion rings are awesome. Waffle fries could come in a larger portion for cost, but the same cannot be said of the onion rings. Plenty of them and deliciously fried.My dog was awesome. Truly delicious from start to finish. The slaw is reminiscent of tartar sauce, which isn't necessarily a bad thing but definitely not what I expected.The place has an amazing ambience. Powered by a jukebox, we were treated to lots of Slayer, Jay-Z and The Cure to name a few. Oh, and Kiss pinball. It's pretty loud inside which doesn't bother me, but you will want to speak loud and clear to be sure your unsweet tea doesn't get mixed up with sweet as mine did.Again, I'll be back. Lots of menu items to check out. With a congenial staff and great atmosphere, it's most definitely worth a return visit.
4	Very good...everything. Including friendly service that did not rush us through. Terrific burger, lived up to the billing. Nicely done.
5	Pinky's is a great neighborhood burger joint. The staff is great especially Sean. If your around the westside check it out it will be worth it.
5	Fried pickles. White trash burger.  Perfection.Pinky's has a really cool, fun vibe to it. There's a dinosaur on the front lawn, and friendly, tattooed staff inside.  I brought my mom here on her visit to Charlotte, as I had never tried it before. Let's talk about fried pickles. I don't like pickles. But if you slice them like chips, and fry them, somehow I've found love.  These were perfectly done and crispy. And they came with a side of ranch.  The small is plenty for 2 people, trust me.I got the pterodactyl burger with pimento cheese and my mom got the white trash burger.  Everything was fresh, quick and delicious. I'll definitely come back here. Probably sooner than my waistline would like.
4	This place could have 5 star rating from me, the only reason it doesn't its because of some disgruntle employees that unfortunately still work there. Anyways, the food its great, and if you don't get to order the fried pickles or the sweet potatoes chips or the pimp'n fries you are not  fully enjoying the place. On a side note, they have 2 locations. Their location in Uptown(Downtown) its usually crowded and maybe that is why some of the staff is less friendly. But good news!, their second location with the same food and better service, plus is less crowded. Is just a bit off north (i77 exit 23). Go there and enjoy it.
4	Love the atmosphere and the beer selection...the natureboy was delicious! The building is adorable with a old vw bettle on top! The servers are all nice,and we have enjoyed this place on datenight with good friends!
5	Simply awesome... We were only in town for one night (we've never been to Charlotte) and relied on yelp to guide us to some good eats! We could not have made a better choice in restaurants. Friendly and helpful staff, fun atmosphere and AMAZING food! Everything on the menu sounded sooo good! My husband, our two children and I all ordered the "White Trash Burger" and we all shared an order of pimento cheese fries. DELICIOUS! We will be back if we ever find ourselves in Charlotte, NC again.
2	We were meeting up with some friends at Pinky's Westside Grill before the Panthers first preseason game.  We expected it to be a bit busy, so we showed up 3 hrs before kickoff.  The short of it is that the food was really good, but we still missed kickoff, and both first series.  We were seated promptly, and drink orders were taken.  10 minutes later, our beers showed up.  Pinky's advertises 16 oz Miller Lite got $3.  I ordered this, and received a 12 oz.  When bringing this to the waitresses attention, she said thats not what I ordered, and walked away.We ordered appetizers, fried pickles and crab hushpuppies.  These were very good, but when we got to the bottom of the pickles, there was a pool of fryer grease in the bottom of the tray, thus making the last few inedible.  For the main course, I ordered the white trash burger and this was awesome.  My wife ordered some type of chicken sandwich with peanut butter and siracha sauces, and a basket of fries for us to split.  The sandwich didn't come with the siracha as stated, and we didn't get our fries until we asked for them several more times.  One of our friends didn't get his food until everyone else was done eating their meal.Overall everyone loved the food (5 Stars), but the service was absolutely horrible (Negative 5 Stars)!!!  Maybe we'll try it again in a few years, but we're in no hurry to go back here to be treated like crap.  There are places closer to home I can go for that...
4	This quaint restaurant at the corner of Morehead and Freedom Drive appears to be a dive bar that caters to the "non dive bar" crowd.  Littered with bumper stickers on the ice cooler, kitchen door, and beverage cooler is home to an energy-filled staff dressed in Pinky's t-shirts but showing off their individual style south of the t-shirt.  The restaurant has posters and signs from local events covering every open space of wall real estate and the wooden furniture proves to be an inviting touch.  In here you can yell, laugh, and order filling portions of bar food designed to intrigue you enough so that you read every description on the menu (i.e White Trash burger, Pterodactyl burger, Camp Green House Salad). Because I love seafood, I went with the Corn Dog Shrimp.  Although I usually don't have any expectations, I was surprised when my meal choice did not work out.  As I waited for my order to come to the table, I observed many plates of food passing me on middle school plastic cafeteria trays (another cool and funky style of Pinky's).  The burgers were huge, smelled sinful, and the hot dogs, corn dogs, soups, and salads I saw made me want to eat everything that passed me.  I munched down on my Shrimp Corn Dogs and realized the combination was a bad mix. The sweet corn dog batter wrapped around shrimp did not work.  I did not know if the honey mustard worked best or the tarter sauce, so I used both.  I ended up removing the bread from the shrimp and eating them separately with the condiments (shrimp and tater sauce, bread and honey mustard).  Needless to say, it left a harsh after taste in my mouth and the potato salad was not my friend.  It has a gritty look to it and an herbal taste.  If you are looking for something with crunch (red onions or celery) and herbs, try the potato salad.  Will I eat here again?  Yes, but I have to try their burgers and leave the cute, unconventional food parings listed on the menu to the more daring crowd. BTW:  I will sit outside next time.
5	Always great food and fast service. Tried the specials today - Asian pork burger with honey cilantro slaw and Korean BBQ as well as the squash bisque. Both were absolutely delicious.I usually get the kinda fried turkey with a pimpin fries opener. I don't even love turkey a the time but this is great!
4	Had a bbq burger with sweet potato fries...great burger with great atmosphere. Had a lot of fun, the parking lot is small...I didn't get to eat the fries but I'm liking forward to it
5	Awesome!Sat at the bar Jeska was fabulous.  Service was fast, drinks were wet and tasty. Order pimp-n-fries very good. Slight kick which was great most places are scared to add it.Todays special Salmon tacos YUM couldn't finish them they were a huge portion. Side of black beans wow great taste nobody does it better. Custom margaritas...watermelon and then Malibu red so good! WILL come back
5	Always great food and fast service. Tried the specials a couple of weeks ago - Asian pork burger with honey cilantro slaw and Korean BBQ as well as the squash bisque. Both were absolutely delicious.I usually get the kinda fried turkey with a pimpin fries opener. I don't even love turkey most of the time but this is great!
3	Food is okay, nothing to write home about, servers seem like their mad at the world! Sitting outside on a warm day in the shade, good environment
4	The veggie chili is not as good as it used to be and the parking is scary but that's only worth a one star dock.  Where this place REALLY makes up for it is the service, fantastic staff and the banana pudding.  Do NOT leave this place w/o ordering the banana pudding.  Also the menu is pretty unique overall  I didn't realize a coupon I had was for the Huntersville location but they had no problems honoring it! :)
4	Love the location since we live right in Wesley  Heights.  Awesome decor with lots of low brow interesting photos and stickers on the walls. Great beer selection and the staff is really friendly. The food, delicious and creative. Now for the tactical part of my review.  Every time we eat there I get sick, like someone in the kitchen needs to wash their  hands kind of sick. It makes me so sad because it's such a cool place and I have a pretty strong constitution so I'm not sure what is going on there.
2	Sooooo normally this place is phenomal. However had to go glutten free and per the website they say it's accomidating we came. Got the gluten free mammoth burger in a lettuce wrap. Wrap being the noticeable word. When it came out it was a burger on a piece (burger sized ) of lettuce. Not wrapped not where I could eat it with my hands. I did manage to get a fork and a knife however because I was stuck eating a burger without the bun it started eating through the little paper thing in the boat. Had to flag down another waiter (ours actually hasn't returned for a while) who when asked if everything was okay said she'd go get the manager.  Eventually the manager did come out although I didn't ever get her name and took care of the "lettuce wrap" prepare yourself if you order that.
3	Decoration is eclectic and interesting. The food was good, but nothing out of this world. The service was good too. Will give it another try.
4	Great beer selection, great burger and sides, very friendly service, uplifting atmosphere, Nothing bad to say about this Charlotte gem. Recommended for any occasion, lunch, weekend out with the friends or family. The food is excellent, definitely a must try for anyone.
5	This place is awesome.  Fun, quirky atmosphere, friendly and great service, and absolutely delicious food. Tip: parking lot can be tough, so (after 10am) you can park across the street in the Dunkin Donuts parking lot.
4	The menu is great if you want cheap eats. It was very affordable  yummy bar food. There are also great vegetarian options. It is a very fun environment with a lot of decor toLook at. The pimpn fries were great and so were the burgers. Also had a good pita with cheese spinach basil etc forget the name but it was great. Drink specials as well. I want to get the white trash burger and fried pickles next time as I've heard great things. Highly recommend! Especially if you're on a budget but are tired of fast food. Good food at fast food prices
5	Been coming here since they opened. These people made the penguin what it became and then got screwed hard on making a deal with the property owner. Ironically the penguin just closed for good and this place is rocking everyday.  Line out the door during prime times.
5	I've eaten here more times than I can count, and have yet to have a negative experience. The food is great, and the staff is extremely friendly. My favorite menu items include: crab puppies, white bean hummus plate, ding dong chicken sandwich, and buffalo shrimp tacos. Their cocktail menu is definitely work checking out, too -- lots of fun drinks to try.
5	This place is a blast!  It's the kind of joint that makes you wonder why there aren't more like it.  They're not reinventing the wheel.  The menu is low priced and fun.  Very fun.  Check out the names and ingredients.  These are people who don't take themselves too seriously and it shows.  The bar is cool with quality people behind it.  I love that they have microbrew roulette which for $3 they blindly pick a random bottle of craft beer and that's what you get.  So simple but so much fun!  Parking sucks but most urban joints I've been to coast to coast have that problem.  The burgers are very, very good and I got what has to be the best $3.50 item I've ever bought in a dive.  It's a chili dog with pimento cheese spread under the chili.....Why didn't I think of that?!  If I get a little scratch and can open a place in my adopted hometown of Sanford, FL I will blatantly steal some of the great ideas this place exhibits.  If one can voice any complaint it's that nothing on this menu begins to approach healthy and after a bout with many beers, liquor and a mother load of calories one can feel like a tick.  So very stuffed and bloated that not even a nap can help.  Well my visits were on a three day vacation weekend so moderation wasn't on the menu.  Great little joint!
4	Great burgers...never leave disappointed. Went the other night had a great burger and the fries pickles were awesome.....I love the fact that you never see the same server twice during your meal....it's like server roulette.....always my go to place for a good burger.
4	We were visiting Charlotte for the ACC Championship game, and my husband who does business a good bit in Charlotte, insisted on taking our group to Pinky's.  First off, the decor, the people, everything is just FUN!  The second we walked in and saw the artwork, the pinball machine, and the music blasting, I realized this was going to be awesome.  The burgers and hotdogs were very good, although smaller than what most people are probably used to.  The Fries with pimento cheese on them were a big hit with our table.   I had the white trash burger and the sweet potato fries, both were delish, although the fries could be split, they were large for a side.   Everyone at our table enjoyed their burgers and dogs.  I would definitely return!
5	Hands down my favorite burger joint in Charlotte... Maybe even better than the Penguin!!  What?? Did I say that out loud?  Just a GREAT place to chillax and enjoy!!  LOVE IT!!!
4	This food is delicious, the atmosphere is. Awesome, both have their own personality and are so unique I highly recommend going there
2	The food was okay.  I left with a full stomach but I wasn't overly satisfied with my meal.  My boyfriend and I ordered a lot of menu items ranging from the hushpuppies with crab meat, Southern 500 hot dog, turkey burger, fries and onion rings.  While the crab puppies were tasty, nothing was memorable.  I probably won't return.
4	Fish tacos - yum!
