4	Asian fusion food.  Very busy, usually a wait for dinner.  The food is above average, but the decor is very cramped.  With the usual crowd, this is not a place for a sedate dinner, but its central location makes it a nice place to eat before doing something else in the area.
4	P.F. Changs a chain of Asian fusion restaurants across the globe.  They serve good chinese dishes over rice and lots of appetizers that are great to share.  A great place to go before the movies.
2	It's PF Changs.  It's generic Americanized asian food.  What else is there to say.
4	I like PF Chang's. I've eaten in a zillion of them all over the country. To a point, one is like any other one. This one stands out a tiny bit because of the weather here. It's fun to sit outside at 11 pm and down some lettuce chicken wraps and have a nice glass of wine. Plus you can 'shout out' to the folks outside Starbucks just a few feet away.
4	I hate to admit when I can't help but like something that is such a far cry from the "real deal." Chang's is a classic example. They serve delicious panasian cuisine. . . that is neither pan nor asian. But, hey, call a spade a spade, it's tasty. Anyone who says they don't even mildly like the lettuce wraps is either lying, or just doesn't like things that taste good. The seared ahi tuna appetizer is also dee-lish. As is the honey seared anything, and the Chang's Spicy Chicken. It ain't the cheapest food around, nor the most authentic, but damned if it isn't good.
4	Consistent with the other locations I've been to (here in LA.) The service was very good, the waiter was very friendly. He was from Boston and was very adorable. I wanted to squeeze him. That's all I remember.
4	Great place.  This is probably the 4th or 5th time I have eaten at a PF Changs and I have never been disappointed.  We always start with lettuce wraps which are outstanding.  This time there were 4 of us and we orderred MuShu Pork, Wok Beef, Zodiac Noodles, and Honey Shrimp to go with the lettuce wraps.  All 4 of us thoroughly enjoyed all of the dishes.  We were seated right on time and were treated very well.  This place is consistently very good.  Probably should be 4 1/2 stars.
4	This is where PF Changs began and my first dining experience here.Fun, dim-lit restaurant not too far from old-town.  Service excellent.  I didn't care for the dragon oolong tea.  It had a fruity, mangoeey after taste to it and did not taste like traditional Chinese tea.Nicely ventilated.  The food is typical chinese but served in a posh-ish, peppish sort of "fine dining a la in a chain sort of style."Still, enjoyed the food.  Also, the restrooms have a cool bamboo faucet that's neat.
3	I don't really understand the buzz around P.F Chang's.Yes it is a nice restaurant and yes they have good food, but wait a half an hour for a bunch of us who came after work? No thank you!Unfortunately I was the only one who felt that way. PF Changs serves very Americanized Asian cuisine for a tad higher than it's worth in my opinion. If it tastes the same or not as good as my take out Chinese place it's not worth my time or the extra money.
4	OK. Reviewing PF Changs in Phoenix is like reviewing Delux, Barrio Cafe or some other overly reviewed although perhaps well deserving place. That long incorrectly worded sentence aside, I have to say, we had a fantastic Chang experience. Mostly due to the fact that we were buzzed after the fabulously thrown Gabi yelp event. And we didn't choose to wait for a table, yet sat at the bar, with the other drinkers. We quickly made friends with the bar staff, and diners on either side of us. The spring rolls were crisp, hot and well, kinda bland. Thank you sides o sauce. The mushu pork was dee lish as was the Spicy Chang Chicken. However, riding the bland wagon, was the chicken fried rice. Undercooked and totally void of flavor. The sake was hot, just like the electronics were our diners to the left were hawking. Seriously. He went to his car to retrieve things. Thanks. But no thanks. Service was outstanding. Energy in the restaurant was fun. Unusual for me to give 4 stars to a chain restaurant, unless there's and in and an out in the name. But here goes for tonight. Four stars PF. Four stars! More on service and ambiance than food. But four stars nonetheless!
5	This is all I have to say:Mongolian beef, Shrimp fried rice, key lime pie martinionce again that is,Mongolian beef, Shrimp fried rice, key lime pie martiniI have narrowed my PF Changs experiece down to this and am NEVER unsatisfied. The shrimp fried rice always has the perrrrfect amount of ingrediants that I never have to douce it with soy sauce and my mongolian beef is mouth watering perfection. Topped off with my sweet dessert martini. And if your in the mood, the lettuce wraps are quite yummy too.Trust me, get these and be satified! It's capital D-licious!p.s. I know it's packed in there sometimes but don't be afraid to sit at the bar, I LOVE sitting there everything comes out just in time!
1	Sadly, I will probably never be able to eat at this place again.  Eight hours after I ate my take-out from P.F. Chang's, I either 1) suddenly came down with the stomach flu or 2) got food poisoning.  Siu Wok is better, anyway.:(
2	Scuzy waiter. Scuzy manager. Overall just a bad experience. The food was pretty awful too. I don't understand how this place is so successful! The food was either waaaay over-seasoned of severely under-seasoned. A hole in the wall Chinese restaurant can produce better Chinese food. And at cheaper prices. Search around. It'll be well worth it.
4	Went there for dinner. Was not my choice but i got outvoted. And i gotta say i was not disappointed. Drinks were alright, i had some funky ginger beer. Appetizers were tasty, if not somewhat greasy. My hot-n-sour soup was not bad, if somewhat too vinegary tasting. Wife's Singapore Noodles were pretty good. Tiny dessert samplers ( $2 a pop ) were quite good and tasty.I think they changed their menu very recently as they have some new items i never seen on their menu before. And that is cool. Anyhow, it was pretty good dinner finished off by nice dessert. It was not perfect but pretty good never the less."I like:
4	I do like this place.. is it the best no, but I am finding that Phoenix is kind of hard to find Chinese that is good and not in a shady looking place.. I am very paranoid about food poisoning and I'm very picky about food.. So Pf Chang's, yes its a chain, its not own by Chinese people and its kind of generic but its good for what it is.. The hostess always do seem to be snotty but the waiters are nice and quick, the bar is a little expensive but that expected at a restaurant like this, but they do have a great martini menu.. Sometimes I splurge.. I usually always get the Chicken Lettuce Wraps which is one of my favorite things on the menu, they are messy but really good. I tried the vegetarian Lettuce wraps and they were just as good, maybe even better.. I asked if they were really vegetarian (I worked at a restaurant that claimed to be but weren't) and the waiter said that it was suitable for a vegan.. good to know.. For entrees I usually get the Kung Pao Chicken, very good never disappointed.. The Mongolian Beef is also pretty good.. There noodle dishes as alright pretty basic, haven't found one that I would routinely order..  But the thing I like about the food is that it is down well.. It never is too fried, or too oily of slimy etc.. some many Chinese restaurants I've been to just left me feeling like I ate a whole bucket of McDonald's fries, Chang's doesn't leave you with that heavy icky feeling.. Is it the best ever? No, but for what it is its good, I don't go often but when I do go I enjoy it..
5	Oh. My. God.My lunch at Changs was so good that I am still losing my mind. Everything I ate was perfect. Things I ate included:- Streamed Shrimp Dumplings- Shanghai Cucumbers- Shrimp Melon Salad- Schezwan Shrimp- Lemongrass Shrimp with Noodles- Shrimp with Lobster Sauce- Mango Iced TeaYes that is a lot of shrimp, and yes every single bite was damn good. Also, yes I am a giant fat ass who orders 7 things for lunch. So? It was THAT good.All you freaks who hate chain restaurants and refuse to like PF Changs just because it's all corporate are really missing out. Missing out on great service, instant refills, perfectly cooked deliciously spiced food and a solid place to eat.
2	THe food here was not good. We ordered several dishes including the dumplings, seafood, and noodles. I didnt like any of it and would definitely not go back
4	In my opinion, this restaurant is efficient. What do I care about their level of efficiency? 1. A short wait for a table2. Pleasant service by staff who set a tone of order in a large and open restaurant3. Good prices4. A well rounded set of dinner options5. A neatly organized menu with descriptions true to tasteI don't mind supporting the independents when I know where they are, but this week its all about avoiding the hits or misses that I have been enduring in Phoenix over the past 3 months.I wasn't expecting authentic chinese food- its a chain so if you go in with that expectation then I think you need to do your homework on the meaning of "chain restaurant"....Wish I could have tried more items on the menu. What I did get was excellent- crab wontons, steamed dumplings (can't remember which), and a double pan fried noodles with shrimp. No leftovers on this trip!Oh, and a PF X. Went down well enough to order a second.So, my white-bread bottom will be back at this restaurant in the future :)
4	So it's a chain.  I like it.  Who is making up these unwritten rules that we can't dine at, write about, or enjoy a chain restaurant anyway?I actually come here primarily when my mom is visiting because she likes it.  So do a few of my Flagstaff friends.  I've found the food is always prepared well, the service is always great, and the prices are reasonable including drink prices.  Oh and now they have these cute little dessert minis for $2.00 each.  I didn't indulge since we had a birthday cake at home, but for $2, I can try everything that looks good!
3	To be honest, I really don't consider the food here to be Asian. It's very far removed, but about one step away from being American cuisine. The food here is really good, don't get me wrong. Just don't come in here expecting exciting authentic Asian cuisine. It's "safe Asian" for the whitebread, Scottsdale community. Regardless, the service here is always really good and efficient. The waiters always bring the dishes at the right time and check up on your multiple times to see how everything is. Considering the portions you're offered, you get a pretty good pricing for a meal if you're sharing. Overall, I tend to think the food is more filling than it is flavorful, but that's just my opinion. Some people swear by this place... I am not one of those individuals. The Kung-Pao Chicken isn't bad and it seems to be a staple at this place. The dessert shot glass things are a recent addition to the menu and are actually really good. I wish more restaurants would think of using these because it makes sense after eating a huge meal to get something small rather than a sundae the size of a T-bone.In all, P.F. Chang's is pretty good. It's a nice spot to have a dinner with friends or family because alot of the dishes are made to be shared. If you're looking for real Asian food however, you're not going to find it here and are better off trying a smaller, family-run place.(Side note: P.F. Chang's is probably Phoenix's most successful franchise export. They've got locations in LA, Vegas, and a few other cities.)
4	I had lunch for the first time at this location since moving here a year and a half ago. I work right around the corner. I had one of the lunch specials which came w/choice of soup i had the sweet and sour it was delicious w/lots of goodies in the soup my main dish was a seseme seed chicken w/brown rice also delicious all for 8$ or so service was also very good a delightful young lady
3	its for sure not the classic chinese restaurant i am used to but it was a nice change of pace. the food wasnt bad and considering the suburban poshness of the place i cant say i had a bad time. the place had some pretty good drinks and the service was up to par. id for sure go back if im ever in scottsdale.
1	absolute waste of time and money. Good looking waitress but whats the use f the food takes ages to come. Taste is average and not worth the cost. Ie no value for money. Not gonna visit this one again.I can cook my own noodles at home for 1/10th the price and 200% better taste.
4	this is definitely a 4 star restaurant. Everything about is terrific. However, its not a dazzler.
4	PF Chang's ain't bad.  Granted, it's not the best food I've ever had but there is a lot to like about this chain and the food IS of good quality.I like the following:1.  The lunch bowls are really inexpensive.  You can get a decent lunch bowl and soup for like 8 bucks ($7.95 to be precise).  That's pretty cheap, man.  I mean, come on.  8 bucks rarely even buys you a 12-pack of beer anymore.2.  The to-go containers are awesome.  I bicycle around and, to date, no hot soup has spilled down my back.  It snaps together and, VOILA, you're good to go.3.  Overall, it's pretty fast.  If you work close to a PF Chang's, call a little bit in advance, get it to go and, man, you're set.Sometimes the people who work at this location think too highly of me and don't realize I'm a fatass.  I'll order my food, the lunch deal and sometimes two spring rolls and they'll give me two forks and two fortune cookies (actually I got three fortune cookies today).  They either think I'm ordering for two or that I need two forks to shovel the food into my mouth twice as fast.  If I were ambidextrous, I so would.Celebrity sighting!  I saw Frankie Muniz outside of this location, too.  I looked at him as he walked by and I was like, "Is that the kid from Malcolm in the Middle?"  I cocked my head like a dog who heard a whistle and he looked a little panicked, like he thought, "Ah shit.  This guy knows who I am."  I didn't say anything cause he was with his chick and I had to fart.  But, hey, Frankie, that sweaty guy who had to fart used to watch your show when he was in school.
3	I went yesterday after a reprive from having lunch here.  I had the cashew chicken w/a cup of sweet and sour soup and brown rice the usuall for me not exciting but flavorful. i sat at the bar as i usually do i will say the service was less then steller. this person has waited on me before and acts like he really has no intrest in waiting on you i  always have to ask for the chili sauce/hot mustard and my water glass stayed empty untill he brought me my check....never asked me how my meal was or thanked me for coming in just put my check down and walked away. I still left a tip of 12% BUT HE WAS REALLY WORTH 0.    i HOPE MNGT READS THIS REVIEW AND TAKES CARE OF THIS SITUATION THEN I WILL RETURN FOR LUNCH
3	I did take out here as I need a quick dinner and it met the mark.  I really like the fact that you can get brown rice and the prices are pretty reasonable.  I liked the mapo tofu but the guy who took the order over the phone insisted it wasn't fried and it was.  Other than that, it was pretty good.
4	Even though PF Changs is not real and authentic Chinese/Asian food and a chain, I will give some credit to some of the food I had last night.  My buddy and I went there just for the hell of it, as I haven't been to one in years.  I got a PF-X drink, which I highly recommend.  It has some mango rum, sprite, and something else that gives a well balanced drink.  He got a pear mojito which was okay, since I am not a big fan of mojitos.  We sat at the bar and got incredible service and attention from the bartender there.  I give an extra start to PF Chang because I think they value customer service.As an appetizer we got chicken lettuce wrap.  It is a diced up chicken in soy sauce that goes into an empty fresh lettuce.  To complement our dish, our bartender made a sauce mixed with soy, chili pepper, and mustard.  This added a nice kick to our lettuce wraps.  My man dish was the mahi mahi with lemon grass cilantro brown rice.  The lemon grass was almost as good as lemon grass from a Thai restaurant, and that is saying quite a bit.  My friend got the honey glazed chicken, which was okay.Overall was a pleasant experience.
3	The only reason I ate here during my visit to the new AZ Yelp office was because it was close to the hotel and I had a craving for Ahi. This location reminded me of the other PF's I have been to and the food was just as I remembered. Not spectacular, but still a very decent place to eat. I have nothing bad to say about this location, but nothing stood out either.
3	I went to lunch today with a client and since Wildfish was closed we walked over to PF Chang's.Remember when PF Chang's first opened in the original location at Fashion Square?  What a mob-scene that was back in the day with an hour plus wait for a table.I haven't been here since shortly after this location opened.  They had a fair-sized lunch crowd and we were seated immediately.I ordered the almond and cashew chicken and my client ordered the mongolian beef.  Both of us were happy with our dishes.PF Chang's is definitely always a very consistent dining experience.
2	This place has seen better days. Wildly inconsistent service and food quality. Stick with the lettuce wraps and chicken soup as only viable options. Kid city.
4	I always enjoy my visits to PF Changs.  The quality of the food is consistently good and flavorful, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant is very tasteful.  Every time I come in you can see guests laughing and smiling so you know the enjoyability of the restaurant is contagious.  The staff is always very pleasant and accomodating and informative if you have any questions.  A bonus is that they issue out a 10% off discount card that I received after a visit in downtown San Jose, CA.  How can it get any better?
3	The kung pao shrimp and fried bananna desert is delish!
3	So we went there last night for my bday. We had reservations at 645 and then had to change them to 715, when we got there they only made us wait about 2 mins to clean the table, which was nice!  Allison was our server, which we had her last time as well- super nice, once again:) Great service! I started with their Bloody Mary not spicy and my husband got a Fat Tire on draft. The bloody mary was sooo spicy even adding tomato juice hah so I ended up getting something else, which they were very accommodating. We started with the chix lettuce wraps, which were awesome as always, then I ordered the Changs spicy Chicken and my husband ordered the Shrimp and Chicken Rice. I was a little disappointed that the Changs spciy chicken seemed a little dry and I have gotten it in the past with success and the Shrimp and Chicken had 6-7 pieces of meat in it. Bummer. TONS of rice tho, you should see the bowl it comes in, so if you like rice with a taste of meat, its your meal, I wouldn't advise for men! Then they brought out a dessert shooter for my bday which was nice. I only had two bites and my husband ate it, which he loved. All together a good place to go, just bummed that the food was a little blah this time. The manager usually comes to the table and asks how everything was and what not, I would have told him our service was great but he was hanging out at the hostess station... but like I said all in all a cool place.
4	Just stopped in for the Honey Chicken Lunch Bowl, the Sweet & Spicy soup, with a Carrot Cake chaser for desert,  all served by Justin...EXCELLENT !!
4	Since I'm Chinese, I can only give the food at PF Chang 4 stars . . . but the day that I came here for lunch, the service was 5 stars if not 6 stars.The waiter was so professional, so attentive I looked aroudn to make sure I wasn't on candid camera getting punked. In fact, the service was so good, when it came time to leave a tip, my hand had a mind of its own and left a 50% tip.And I left a happy costumer, looking forward to coming back here again and hopefully getting the same waiter!
1	Go to Pei Wei and have the same food for less money. Dry rice, too-sweet sauces, dry & flavorless beef, oversalted everything. Don't pay for it. Pei Wei is just as awful for less.
2	Was in town for a conference...I ordered online, my order was screwed up 2 days in a row: The 1st night they completely forgot my brown rice. The 2nd night the green beans were burned beyond recognition...What's a girl to do...at home (Chicago), I've never had a bad experience with PFC's...Oh well, u can't win 'em all~
4	I love PF Changs. I won't bother talking about the food since obviously its the same as in any other location and it has become such a big chain that anyone who reads this is probably already somewhat familiar with the menu. I am not usually a fan of chain restaurants but this one is based in Scottsdale and so hopefully more of our dollars are staying in the local economy. I just wanted to say that the staff at this location is great, most of the time if I go here for lunch it is with a large party and they are always extremely accommodating and friendly. Though I have eaten at other locations in the valley and the one in Tucson and I think they are all great. ;0)
3	Solid three stars for my lunch here last Monday afternoon. I have to admit I am a PF Changs fan and connoisseur. I have been coming to this restaurant since I was in high school and I should have stuck with my tried and true dishes: Crispy Honey Shrimp, Green Beans and Lettuce Wraps. Since it was lunch we went with the lunch bowl menu. The prices were very cheap, about $9 or so and it came with soup and either white or brown rice. I got the Honey Chicken and it was just okay. The egg drop soup I liked much more than the Hot & Sour. The service was very slow. We were there at about 2pm, so I think thats after lunch rush, but they seemed to be very understaffed for how many people were there. Overall, food was just okay, but the price was right! Next time back to my favorite dishes.
2	i have been here 10+ times over the last 3 yrs normally the food is decent im part of the lunch crowd so i cant speak for dinner but my sesame chicken lunch special yesterday was mediocre half of the chicken pieces were so over cooked the were hard and dry some of the other pieces were better but not perfect ,service was good
4	PF Changs is one of those places that is always going to be solid and I am always going to like it...I remember when it opened where Grand Lux CAfe is now...I love going here for Dim Sum Happy Hour...its a great deal and its fun to go with friends after work.  My boyfriend and I like to go on dates here very now and then too.  We both like the pork dumplings that are steamed and pan fried...they are both delicious and of course we always have the waitor mix up some of that great sauce with the hot mustard and chili paste!  I really like the orange chicken, the moo shu chicken, mongolian beef, changs spicy chicken, kung pao chicken and the dan dan noodles.  I also really love their chocolate cake...Ask for it warmed up with raspberry sauce and chocolate sauce with vanilla ice cream! You may only want this for your meal hahaha...This place will always be here and I will always enjoy it!
4	Yes, I know. This is a chain. But, when it's Friday night, late and all the surrounding restaurants are full, sometimes a chain will just have to do! And let me be the first to say, I'm happy this chain was around! I have a soft spot in my heat for P.F. Chang's. Maybe it's because I spent many nights at a Chang's growing up or maybe it's because you can never really go wrong with anything on the menu. But whatever it is, I have a soft spot. So it's Friday night and we were hungry so we decide that Chang's would have to do. Not only is this Chang's large enough to accommodate even the largest of crowds, but they were friendly and sat and served us right away! The moment I sat down, i saw that they are offering one smokin' deal: $39 pre fix meal for two! That includes, two soups (egg or sweet & sour), one appetizer, two entrees, rice and two mini desserts. They had all the popular items on the pre fix menu and everything was delicious and filling! It was absolutely enough and you can't really complain for $39! The only thing I wish I would have gotten is a veggie side dish with it. I don't know how long this special will last, but it's definitely worth checking out!So moving on to the food, I like pretty much everything here. My top picks are the wontons, lettuce wraps, Chang's spicy chicken, Mongolian beef, sweet & sour chicken, Orange chicken and the shrimp dishes. For dessert, we had the minis of the tiramasu and chocolate mousse. The chocolate mousse was the winner in my book!So in summery, I like Chang's because it's fast, it gets you in and out, it's a nice dinner without being too "in" the Scottsdale scene even though you're in the heart of it the moment you step outside, and the food will always be decent.
5	Happy Hour ROCKS - the food and drink menu's get better and better. The staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of Old Town! I could eat my weight in Dumplings or Lettuce Wraps any day of the week. It will absolutely get crowded on a weekend night or if something is going on near the mall. Head to the bar and grab a cold beer while you wait!
3	Decent Chinese food. Overpriced. Typical chain. The service was good considering we arrived close to closing time. The decor was beautiful, but it'd be great if a chain like this would play traditional Chinese music and not cheesy 80s/early 90s music for my dining pleasure.
5	One of THE fave Saturday lunch spots with my BFF!Been going to this restaurant since the beginning with it's original location of Scottsdale Fashion Square for 18 years!  Consistently GREAT service, food,  and atmosphere!
4	really enjoyed this place this was the second time we visited this location it is so clean and comfortable waiter was very nice and attentivetiming of the food was on point drinks were very goodvalidated our parking prices reasonable Mgr was a young lady with a very sweet accent that came to our table to say hello and i thought that was just so nice we will be back !
4	I hadn't been here in such a long time. The last time I was at a PF Changs was in Honolulu. They have really good happy hour. In Hawaii my favorite drink here is the Aloha Kiss but they didn't have it at this location so I tried the Asian pear mojito. Very refreshing...I like mojitos and I like Asian pears so it's the perfect combo. I tried many different appetizers but my favorite are the fried green beans and fire dumplings.
4	This was my long-overdue first visit to P.F. Chang's and it was very satisfying. Went for lunch on a Friday and it was not very busy at all.I'll get into the food in a bit, but first I have to applaud Chang's for their amazing service. Not only were they super-attentive and friendly but they helped us out so much. The thing is, my girlfriend is vegetarian and I am vegan so it's often hard to find a decent meal at restaurants that cater primarily to meat-eaters. We let our server know our dietary concerns and he was zipping back and forth to the kitchen (unbidden, mind you!) to find out what all was vegan. Usually when I dine out and ask "Does this have _____ in it?" or "Is this vegan?" I get an odd look and an unsure "Yeah...that's totally vegan...". It's hard to enjoy a meal when you aren't confident that there isn't some sort of strange animals bits lurking in it. You'd have to adhere to understand, but trust me. It sucks when you can't enjoy your food because there is that concern in the back of your mind.Now on to the food...We started with the tofu lettuce wraps which I had heard great things about. They were a bit salty for my tastes, but still very good. The addition of a crisp, cool sesame slaw would have taken this dish to the next level, but that's just me.For the main course I got the coconut curry and my girlfriend got the ma po tofu. The coconut curry had all kinds of colorful vegetables and tofu topped with peanuts. It was alright, but no where near the same quality curry you'd get from Thai Basil or Swadee or Touch of Thai. But that's to be expected. After all, it's not a Thai restaurant.The ma po tofu was HUGE. Large, sweet and saucy chunks of tofu wreathed in broccoli. Of the three things we tried, this was my favorite.Oh, and they offer brown rice! Thank goodness because American really needs to get on the Whole Grain Train.So there you have it. The vegan food is enough for me to *want* to return, but the great service pretty much guarantees that I will. I just hope the Chang's across the street from me in Chandler can match this location! If so, I'd be stunned.UPDATE: Since posting this review I've visited both the Chandler and Tempe Chan'gs. Of the three Scottsdale is by far the best. Chandler location completely lost my business when they mixed chicken in with my tofu. Unacceptable.
1	OK, so I am a chinese food whore.  Had the best in Hong Kong, Singapore, even chinatowns in LA and NY.  But I was at the mall shopping with a friend and thought we would pop in for a cocktail and maybe a bite.  I noticed the new Dim Sum on the menu.  We ordered some dumpling and they were absolutely disgusting.  Tasted like the kind you could buy from Costco.  Don't get me wrong, the bar service was pleasant, drinks good.  But to serve these tough, mushy, way too doughy dumplings was a total insult.  Horrible is stating it nicely.
3	I've been to PF Chang's many times, but this was the first seeking gluten free items. I was surprised and happy to find a pretty extensive gluten free menu. But,,,, the items on the gluten free menu are at least $1 more than their same counterparts on the regular menu. I guess that gluten free soy sauce is more expensive?! Please. I had the Singapore street noodle dish. It was okay, but had very little chicken and shrimp in it, and was mainly rice noodles with some cherry tomatoes. The best thing about the gluten free menu was the GF Flourless Chocolate Dome- it was an amazing chocolate dessert, despite the $5.95 price tag. It was well presented with berries, a mint sprig and the oh so pretty drizzles on the plate. It melted in your mouth with a creamy chocolate center. I split it with another person; even though it was small, it was enough for two. Go for dessert!
4	Watch out for their rum & cokes.  Very strong stuff indeed.  No, I am not complaining.  Good service on this visit.  Since this is a chain, and everybody already knows everything they serve, what more can be said?
2	This is not the first time I've eaten at PFC, but it's the first time I've dined there and was not at all pleased with the offerings. Ok, so I went with a large group and we ordered from the prix fixe menu ($39.95 for choice of apps/entrees/dessert). Some fried rice, beef & broc, orange peel chicken. All of it was extra salty. The fried rice: zero veggies, eggs only (extra $ btw for fried sted white rice). That too was salty. I have to say that this might be a regional faux pas? Anyway, one thing to ring home about was the lettuce wraps app. Very well, done, although it was hard to recognize the chicken in it. For dessert, the Great Wall chocolate cake wasn't too bad: not so moist, but good frosting. This was meh!! I'd hit up Panda...
2	Found a Screw in my Rice, Way to go on killing me. Luckily it was right on TOP and I couldnt miss it, although the waiter could. When I pointed it out to the waiter he just said "sorry" and left. Came back with a larger bowl of rice...... when I was done eating... That really made up for it? NOT! However when I told my friends about this, one of my friends said the same thing happend to her dad at the Keirlands PF Chang location. Her dad had the metal sponge peice in his food... Thats absolutely discusting!
4	They now have lunch combos for only $10.  Hip, hip, hooray!
4	The best Chinese food chain around! Pricy but very good. Not one dish I haven't tried that I haven't Liked. Good location also
4	This restaurant still has one of the best deals around: $39.95 for a three course meal for two. Not bad right? You get a soup, appetizer, two entree and dessert. Yum.
1	Waiter name Jill gave me the wrong chicken,never came back to ask for water refill
2	would you believe that this was my second visit to this restaurant in the last several months and was served the wrong entree both times?  The service was slow to begin with and then I had to wait again for the correct entree.  When the correct food came it was just OK.  Everything was pretty tasteless.  We will not return.
4	Yes this is a chain. But I really like it nonetheless. What can I say? It's super tasty! It's also a good place to grab dinner at 10:30pm on a Saturday when nowhere else is still open...although I would've wanted to go here anyways. The Lettuce wraps are amazingly good, especially with the yummy sauce they mix up for you at your table. We also ordered the Honey Chicken and the Mongolian Beef, which were both very good too. I like the atmosphere of this location as well, and the server was super friendly and helpful.
4	Our waiter was very helpful. Food was good, nothing special but satisfying. Everyone loved the mini desserts.
1	Terrible! I ordered buddha's feast and it came as a bunch of vegetables with no sauce and no moisture. Awful.
4	Got the mongolian beef excellent. A good place to get some warm supper.
4	Another P.F. Changs that didn't disappoint! I came here with my mom recently and did the 2 for $40 deal. It is A LOT of food for the price and we ended up taking some home, as usual. The service is always good and the food is consistent. Love P.F.'s
4	Been to one Chang's, been to them all. Except for the specific decor, they're a chain. My sister was in town on business recently and had a craving for Chang's so we stopped here before shopping across the street. We each tried their new Pad Thai dish with chicken and shrimp...meh, ho hum. Trust me, stick with their tried-and-true dishes. My faves are the Dan Dan Noodles, the Crispy Honey Chicken, and Singapore Street Noodles. The crab wontons, chicken lettuce wraps, and dynamite shrimp are my favorite appetizers. They also make a mean key lime martini. This location is good -- it's on the SWC of Camelback and Scottsdale Rds, across from Scottsdale Fashion Square near the waterfront. Inside and outside seating are available.
4	Great service!Went here on a Saturday afternoon for lunch and although there wasn't many people in the dining room the wait staff was fully stacked. Our waiter was very attentive to refilling glasses and checking up on us and was really nice when we split the check 4 ways.
5	Came here as a party of 4 on Christmas Eve - we had a reservation, but the place was jammed packed so I was unsure of the wait, despite having a reservation. We checked in and were taken immediately to a table. Our server was excellent, we never had an empty class. The food was wonderful, not a long wait for it to come out and just an overall great experience. 5 stars for excellent customer service and tasty food!
1	This place was so disoriented when I visited.  I went for dinner and we had to wait an hour for the food to come after we ordered from the server.  The meals all came out at different times and it was so awkward to all eat at different times.  My food was not hot at all so I had to send it back.  The waiter wasn't really giving us a good explanation of why it was taking so long and why the food didn't come out hot.  She said that the cooks don't know how to cook in the kitchen.... hmmm. The manager didn't have any idea why the kitchen was being so slow.
5	I love this restaurant.  I think the happy hour food ad drink selection is great and the prices (even not during happy hour time) are reasonable.  I always get the ahi tuna app, the shrimp dumplings and shrimp fried rice. My husband loves their pork lo mien.
4	great service, fantastic food
4	It's your typical PF Changs.  The food is really reasonable and they give you good portions.  We always get the 2 for $39.95 meal.  It's a great deal.  You each get a soup, share an appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 mini desserts.  After our meal we simply weren't hungry for dessert.  Our waiter was nice and instead took our drinks off the menu.
4	Great gluten-free choices and like the new menu options!  Our server Patrick was great!!
5	My wife and I are new to the valley and originally from New York. we went here for a Saturday night dinner to celebrate our anniversary, and boy we were surprised with the service & food. yes, for Chinese food it's a bit pricey. but the menu is wide, the  quality is great, everything was tasty and we really enjoyed the service. on top of that they gifted us for a first time visit and/or anniversary, not sure why for which of the one, but it doesn't matter. we will definitely come here again.
5	One way I judge a restaurant is by how well they recover from mistakes.  My 5 stars is for the way this location's manager, John, recovered from an error their kitchen made.   A well run restaurant acknowledges when it has made a mistake and addresses it promptly and positively - which is exactly what John did.  Because of this PF Chang's service leadership - I will be a repeat customer.
4	I usually try to avoid franchises, both to frequent and to review - bit this one is an exception, due to the spectacular visit we had. The service was nice even if there was bit of a mix up when we were seated, but the service never was unprofessional one bit. Halfway through the meal the manager came out and spoke to us, and gave us all $10 gift cards for this establishment. For a party of 4 that was quite nice for me that took care of the bill. (I promise I tipped decently on the actual amount.)The food doesn't impress me, but the restaurant is very nice looking. That together with a surprising service, that gave us a really nice dinner experience. And that is what I wanted to convey by my review.
4	Came here with my girlfriends on a Friday evening. Restaurant was not very busy. Our server was very nice and helpful. Our drinks came out very quickly and we received refills without having to ask for them.I had not been to P.F. Chang's in quite some time as my last experiences were not that great. We were regular customers of this restaurant when we moved here several years ago, the food quality seemed to go down every time we came until we stopped coming. This time however, I enjoyed my food and the quality of  the food. I also liked the look of the updated menu - not sure they use this menu in all locations yet. I think I will be back more often.
2	I just ordered the beef and broccoli along with the fried dumplings.. Can you say way over priced.. I dropped $25 on food that was not all that good.. The beef and broccoli was so sweet.. Toward the end I had to stop eating it because it was sickly sweet and felt the same about the dumplings sauce.. (Just as a rule of thumb... Don't put the sauce all over the dumplings on a take out order.. They became soggy) but why so much sugar!? I think you should scale way back, probably by 3/4ths. Totally not worth the cost of the food.. The only bright spot was the customer service, it was excellent..
3	The Scottsdale location was able to seat us ( a party of 5) quickly and we tried a variety of items.The food has never impressed me much, especially the lettuce wraps-everyone raves about. The actual "meat" that you put in the iceberg shells is sketchy, what is in there? Chicken mixed with tofu and chewy bits??I go with others and enjoy the wonderful service and beautiful atmosphere of the restaurants.That being said....I wouldn't make the shrimp with candied walnuts and honeydew melon at home and I admit it is great tasting!
4	First timers, I took the family (wife and three girls) here and we LOVED it. Half-price happy hour appetizers (ribs, enamame and spring rolls) were great. Dinner was excellent as was the service. Got out for $100 + top! which is good value. After a week in Scotsdale, trust me, this is good value. Would def go back; great spot!,
3	Try eating at PF Changs yesterday evening but there was over an hour and 45 minute wait so we left. Came back tonight plenty of seats dinner was good but nothing over the top to write home about the Asian cuisine was comparable to most Asian restaurants. The atmosphere was nice and the wait staff was friendly.
5	Pf Changs is the place to go for chinese food. Its better than the mom and pop shops because they give you way more food.If you like fried rice get the pf changs combo rice and you wont be disappointed. Tammi the bartender at the oldtown location is always great and has good recommendations
4	PF Changs has delicious food in a quiet beautiful place. The lettuce wraps are succulent and not too salty. The salmon and orange chicken were fantastic. Our waiters were knowledgeable and gave good suggestions to help us 4 girls order the right amounts. I'm so glad we came to PF Changs.
2	I'll start off by saying I love P.F. Chang's.  They are one of the few corporate restaurants that consistently get it right.  That being said, I feel a bit bamboozled.  I have my favorites at every restaurant I visit.  I called in last night for my normal Pad Thai to pick up.  I never check the order because I always trust the integrity of the product.  I ordered edamame as well.  I'll set the scene.  I was so excited because I was totally craving rice noodles.  It was later in the evening.  I get settled in and ready to dish up my entree.  As I unpack my Pad Thai, my smile starts to diminish.  What's up with the noodles?!  They are all broken.  Remember when mom used to cut up your spaghetti when you were 5 years old?  Same thing.  Not a long noodle in the entire order!  It's like that sold me noodles that they over cooked and bottom of the pasta boiler.  The chef must have been off last night.  The quality was horrible. What comes to my mind next is, I hope the consistency of the dish is still intact as far as the flavor profile is concerned.  It was.  Thank goodness.  18$ for broken noodles that brought me back to being 5 and having mom cut the spaghetti.  Not priceless.  Insulting.  Watch your quality control, chefs.
1	Pf Chang's just can't get it right.  It took me a month to get back here.  I finally did.  Take out again as usual.  I called in.  They remembered my order, as all aloha systems do regarding takeout orders.  Fine.  Pad Thai again with a certain amount of fear because of the last experience.Upon arrival, I choose to inspect my order.  Greeted by a nervous bartender and manager.  They both looked at me like I was violating some takeout rule.  I told them I had a bad experience last time.  I need to check the order.  I likened it to when you're slumming it and have to check your burger before you leave the drive thru.  The manager, never introduced himself, was wearing a blue and white vertical striped shirt and a black suit.  He asked me what had happened upon the last take out.  I told him the noodles were in pieces.  Chopped up.  He literally tossed a free appetizer card over the bar.  I tossed it back.  He returned the motion.  I felt like we were playing air hockey at a certain point.  You will find no personal service from this location.While walking out, I saw a woman sleeping in a booth.  Literally, curled up.  Food still on the table.  Is she an employee?!  And if so, why is Mr. Manager allowing this impression?!! Get your shit together Pf.!!!
4	So PF Chang's China Bistro is a chain restaurant and I grew up eating there, little did I know I was ordering the wrong things all that time. Sure their signature chicken lettuce wraps are good, but their salt & pepper calamari are better! If you're a crab wonton fan, their hand-folded crab wontons will do the trick. For my main course, my absolute favorite is their Sesame Chicken under their Wok Classics accompanied by their fried rice! The egg drop soup is also yummy and my favorite side dish is their Shanghai Cucumbers, gotta try those! I prefer to go to the PF Changs by Fashion Square Mall on Camelback, ask for their server Patrick, or you might find him behind the bar, and if you do, order the Coconut Lemon Sour. He's incredibly friendly and very attentive, he also makes great recommendations.
4	I have been to this location many times for meals and each time I have a good experience. Typical P F Changs quality food and good service. The last time I was there we got there very late and even though they would be closing in a short period of time we were seated and served with cheerful and attentive service. There was no rushing us out the door and no telling us we could not have a particular item because they were about to close.I recommend this place for the food and service.
5	I'm so impressed. I just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences I've ever had. Every thing was perfect. Great service.. Whole staff was energetic and friendly, food was amazing, beer was perfectly cold. The male manager absolutely knows what he's doing and deserves a raise. I work a lot and this was the first time I've had a night off...Well spent. I will absolutely come back.
4	Love the take out here.  Very easy to order online and to pick it up. Not a hassle at all.
3	The food was good. The waitress was nice. A little slow.  I probably wouldn't put it at the top of my list but it was convenient to where we were shopping. The Ginger Chicken and crispy green beans were good. Portion servings were good and we even had left overs.
5	I hope the GM of this place sees this review so our server can get some recognition.Our server's name was Chaz.My dad and I walked in last night (12/17/2014) around 7:15 p.m in a bit of a hurry. I hadn't seen my dad in a while and ha carved out a little time between work and a late final, so we decided to go to dinner. We told the hostess we were in somewhat I a hurry, and Chaz did everything in his power to get things out on time. We frequent this place often so we already knew what we wanted when we sat down and he put the order in promptly. Our dinner was delivered quickly and Chaz kept our drinks full. He was so sweet and even though we were in a bit of a time crunch we enjoyed our time together thoroughly because Chaz just kept things coming quickly and thoroughly. He was such a nice guy and a wonderful server, I hope he gets the recognition he deserves! Thank you Chaz!-Rebecca
5	What an awesome experience I had, so great that I am writing a review for a chain restaurant that already has what- 1,000 reviews???I took my mother to lunch yesterday, and this was the destination. After several strokes, she struggles to walk and uses a walker. The great service started w/ a phone call to ask about the best parking for easy access, because after circling around, it was truly a mystery to me. The lady who answered advised me of exactly where to park and suggested entering at the take-out door because it was a much shorter walk. Once we got in we were allowed to select any seat we wished.Our waiter was so genuinely sweet, attentive and helpful. Neither one of us had been there for some time and we asked for suggestions from the lunch menu. He made several very descriptive recommendations that made our ordering very simple. He kept the delicious and fresh iced tea coming.  Every food item was perfectly prepared & served as it should be- hot items hot, cold items cold. The egg drop soup was so flavorful I don't' think I will ever be able to enjoy it anywhere else again. The salad was perfect- lightly dressed, perfect balance of greens and other ingredients. Our entrees were Walnut Shrimp with Melon and Mongolian Beef, which we shared. The honeydew balls were a perfect foil for the crispy shrimp and honey glazed walnuts. The Mongolian Beef was amazing- so often is is chewy at other places but PF Chang's preparation using quality beef results in a tender steak quality product.I am perplexed as to how PF Chang's fell off of my radar.  Yes! We will return, and it will be soon.
5	My husband and I came here for lunch since we had lots of time to spare before our flight and we also had an awesome gift card to use. We decided to have lunch here and lucky for us we came in just in time for happy hour.This restaurant  was not crowded at all. The hosts were very cordial and seated us immediately. For lunch we ordered the orange ginger edamame, the crab wontons, orange peel chicken as our entree and the banana egg rolls for dessert. I must say wow! Our food was so fresh and delicious. There is so much attention to detail and the presentation is just beautiful on these dishes. Our crab wontons were decorated with what what presumed to be alfalfa sprouts? They were nice and crunchy and I recommend you dip them in the pool of sauce that comes with it.The orange ginger edamame was also fantastic and the blend of flavors made for  very exiting appetizer.We shared the orange peel chicken with white rice and it was just the right amount for two (considering we ate appetizers and we also wanted dessert). The orange on the chicken was not overpowering and made for a decadent dish.If you ever make it to dessert foodie, I highly recommend the banana eggrolls. It is just mind blowing! There are pieces of banana inside an eggroll. This is accompanied by their delicious pineapple icecream and side of fresh berries with mint leaves. This dessert is a delicious blend of flavors and textures. Try a piece of mint leaf with the icecream. It is just absolutely delicious.The food wasn't the only great thing here. Our waitress was phenomenal. She made our lunch experience so enjoyable. She had such a great disposition and always attentive.I definitely recommend this restaurant. It's conveniently located near lots of great stores. If you like sharing food I personally enjoy doing the 3 course meal with appetizers, sharing an entree and then sharing a dessert.Overall a great way to spend our layover. Their Mai Tai will also add a little kick and refresh to your meal. Enjoy! Everything was so neatly placed and everything was delicious.
4	I figured it was time for an update for this local (yes, local!) restaurant. Did you know that PF Chang's started in Arizona and in fact, this location is the flag ship restaurant for all the Chang's. That means this restaurant will have updates and changes to the menu before anyone else. This is a good option if you're looking for a decent meal with good service. You know what you're getting here because they have their concept perfected. We recently dined here and had Chas as our waiter. Chas is also a trainer and was not only very knowledgeable but also friendly and suggested tweaks to our food that made it even better. When you dine here, ask to sit in Chas' section!
