4	If I was a giant, and hungry, Buca would be my first stop in Las Vegas. The portions of Italian food at this restaurant teeter totter on the line of ridiculous. The dishes are meant for sharing, but seriously, a family of twelve couldn't even dent the spaghetti bowls. My friend Jackie had her cosmetology school graduation party here, and as a party of thirty, we definitely only needed to order about ten dishes. The food is tasty and all of the dishes are recognizable. The walls are lined with all sorts of trinkets and doodads to look at while you wait (even with a reservation, please believe you will wait at least thirty minutes) and has a real old school Vegas/Italian mobster feel. Never go on a weekend evening, it is too much to handle (think back to the party of forty) and the service is backed up to the point of turtle slow. But if you can get in on a weeknight, I suggest bringing an empty stomach!Recommended entre: I'm a meatball girl, so I always go with meatballs and spaghettiRecommended company: Your entire girl scout troop, or at least a group of four.
3	Tons of food!!!! This place is family style so please bring at least four people with you. The portions are huge. Any alcohol purchases will just add $$$ to your bill so watch out. The food is good, probably a notch and a half from olive garden. American style Italian food at its best.
4	Much better than I expected. I agree with EJay and Rich.Lots of food, loved the salad with granny smith apples and walnuts.Every inch of the place is covered in italian decorations and the place feels cramped at times, areas are sectioned off into smaller sets of like 6-10 tables, feels like a maze to navigate.Staff seems overpowering, not sure if it sounds scripted but to have a young guy pushing alcohol and appetizers is not welcoming to meMight be good for a date if you like the same food or want to feel 'cute'.Will definitely come back for take-out because of the portions!
1	I was never going to write a review of this awful place as I couldn't justify the modest effort it would take to push the computer keys on  a review of such a low-brow, bland restaurant. But then I read a positive review a few before this one and I had to chime in.Okay...here goes:Compared to this place, the Olive Garden is Joel Robuchon. However if you think that tasteless food (in large quantities), served by bored, zombie wait-staff is something to cheer about, and you've hit all the buffets in town, then perhaps this is your kind of place.However, if food with taste and style and care is what you're willing to pay hard-earned dollars for, then this is the Gateway to Hell.God help all who enter.
4	We needed a restaurant for our rehearsal dinner that could seat/feed 15 people for cheap. Buca is the only place in town that I know of that can keep it cheap, huge portions and allow us to get as loud as we want.  The waitstaff was good and kept on top of everything.  The food was typical Italian, nothing special, though my hubby loved the pizza and I loved the chicken parmagiana. The tiramisu leaves a lot to be desired. I won't order that again.  We fed 8 people, with liquor and dessert (no appetizer) and took the leftovers home for $110. I don't think you can beat the price.Making a reservation seems to be a difficult task for them. I made it a month in advance, and I called back a week prior to the event to confirm it. Dominique said the reservation wasn't in the book, so she wrote it in. We got to Buca and while we were there, someone from Buca called my cell phone to tell me that because I was running late, they could only hold my reservation another 5 minutes.  It seems like the left hand didn't know what the right hand was doing!
4	I was in the mood for garlic bread and fettuccine, so I went online and googled places to eat in vegas for italian food. Of course the hotel strip restaurants pop up first, but in a 10 best website, Bucca di Beppo was listed for Vegas as an off strip Italian place serving fantastic food.I had to try it.About 3 miles away from my apartment there is one, nestled in a corner with a bright neon sign that shows even in daylight. You pull up, expecting parking to be in front of the door, but theirs is located behind the building--meaning a walk to the entrance. I didn't understand why at first, but keep reading.We walk in and the first thing that will catch anyone's attention are the photos on the wall. There are literally hundreds depicting families, individuals, animals, holidays, sports--you name it, it's on the wall. The setting is classic Italian restaurant--the red cloth and the best part was the menus, which are the placemats. I love the convenience of it in case you want to order more. We decided on two classics--lasagna and fettucine alfredo. Since we arrived at lunchtime, we received free garlic bread with cheese. Their garlic bread is to DIE for, with real thin slices of garlic and fresh oregano and basil. It's fantastic and we ate two basketfuls before our appetizer showed up. We had their stuffed mushroom with proscuitto and mozzarella--a must try. It was creamy, salty sweet, and the bed of pesto cream sauce was incredible. After we devoured the sauce and mushrooms, our main courses came out.If you've never been here, there are three ways to order: small, large, or "mio" which are individual portions for lunch. If there are two of you eating, try getting the mio sizes, because my boyfriend and I assumed that small would be just right, and we were dead wrong. For the price you pay, the portions are incredibly large. Their pasta and lasagna are beautifully presented on traditional plates, family style. At first I was hesitant to cut into anything because it looked so pretty. After taking a picture, we cut small slices of the nine layer lasagna and took a large portion of pasta each. From the small order of lasagna, we had more than half of it left over, and the small slice we did eat was an honest meal in itself! The waitress even asked us if we touched our pasta--that's how much you get.As for taste, it's divine. Not only was the alfredo sauce creamy, thick, and decadent, but the pasta was cooked perfectly. As for the lasagna--if you are a lasagna person, this place is it! Thick noodles, layers of ricotta and mozzarella cheeses, and a tomato sauce that is to die for! It's sweet but balances with enough acidity, and the chunks of tomato in there are so good to just scoop and eat alone. We also ordered a 1/2 pound meatball, and I assumed that the sauce would be the same sauce as the lasagna. It's not. They have sauces for each specific dish and the meatball sauce was heaven! The meatball itself was so good that it was devoured in a minute, literally.They gave us a free gelato cone which is small but after a meal like that, quite enough! I reccommend trying their pistachio and triple berry. It's yummy! For a price ticket of 60 dollars, this place is not only quite affordable for a party of four (yes that price is ordering food for 4-6 people), but for two people on a romantic date. I highly reccommend that you stop here and eat some great food if you haven't yet. It's worth every penny and definitely every bite.
4	Reasonable priced Italian food with a interesting atmosphere. This is a great place a gathering of any kind. If you have never been before tell the hostess and they will walk you for a little tour of the kitchen.I have been eating here for years on many different occasions and I always leave full and pleased with what I ordered. For a larger party call ahead and make a reservation. They have a variety of strange and interesting dinning areas you can choose from if you reserve a table. The food is served mostly in family style portions which is to say most things you order will feed more then 2 people. Before you order the server usually warns you about the portions so you know what to expect. The food here is above the Olive Garden standard. They serve food which is more Italian home style. Overall the food is tasty and the atmosphere makes for a great time at a reasonable price. They also have a constant running coupon in the papers dinning section which will save you some money!
4	BF said he's had some past bad experiences with Buca in the past so we decided to go and give em a try at the other location (he said he does not like the service at the Paradise one). We also got a $10 off coupon in a ValPak so why not? I've been to the one in Universal Citywalk in LA a few times for birthdays and always had a decent night. They walked us through the kitchen which my BF liked and said the other location didnt take him the two times he's gone. I definitely respect this that you get to see a clean kitchen and they are proud to pass people through it before seating them.We ordered a  Penne San Remo (chicken breast, artichoke hearts, sun-dried tomatoes, peas,cream sauce). Big family serving even for a "small". Pretty decent dish, just needed a little salt and it was right on.They gave us a bread basket and bread was cold....I'm noticing this a lot in restaurants lately- refrigerated bread served as is. Anyways it was decent for sopping up cream sauce.Service was decent, the lady was on refilling drinks and checking up on us. Overall, alright spot. I think it would be better if we showed up for lunch since they have individual portions or come when we got a hungry group of friends.
2	A friend @ work really loves this place so after months of threatening to go we finally did last night. The place is cozy but it's a maze of hallways and tucked away booths. The food was okay we've had better but the main thing that bothers us the most was our waitress. She was very slow and served all plates empty or full with her thumb over the top or inside the bowl. Not good don't think we'll be going back.
4	Okay, I love Buca. It's not Little Italy in Lower Manhattan or the Bronx, but the food's great, though not especially creative; the service is fine and there's plenty of parking Love the spaghetti and meatball(s) -- Generally one's enough...and I never share
3	My visits here only include group dinners and orders from their to-go menu. My experience with the staff has always been pretty good, but the food is only okay.What makes eating here so worthwhile is the $10 off $20 coupons that they always seem to have around, both online, via e-mail, etc. I had three of them in my Entertainment Coupon Book.I like their fried calamari because they not only include the rings, but also the full body of squid... *crunch, crunch* Their linguine frutti de mare is quite tasty if you are a fan of seafood. I have not had this elsewhere to compare, but I like it, especially the part where I get to open up the clams. I have also had the stuffed shells. A picture of these might cause you to start drooling; that is what got me! Unfortunately, I was not fond of them. They are quite spicy (which I was unaware of when I was ordering, that was my bad), but they did not taste good in general and you do not get very many shells.They do banquet catering and off-site catering. They even have a wedding brochure. I only go here when I have a coupon, but for italian food --- I would still prefer Olive Garden. Unfortunately, they are always more packed than this place.
3	way to over priced. plus the food made me sick. no bueno
1	WTF. A friend of mine has been to the one in L.A (?) and loved it so we went here while we visited LV. We were STARVING. We waited FOREVER to be seated. We ordered Fettucine Alfredo, because who could go wrong with Fettucine Alfredo, right? WRONG. it was a huge pile of dried noodles with a sticky, thick, gooey, dry-tasting sauce. Two other tables near us complained about how horrible the food tasted. One guy said what we were thinking, "it's like my food had been sitting out for half a day." Unfortunately, i could no longer eat because I was quite nauseas, and so was my friend. We left feeling sick and extremely disappointed. What a way to ruin a good Las Vegas trip.
1	Mass quantities of glop. Skip it.
4	Came here to celebrate my brothers engagement.  The place was very busy, but the servers were still very attentive and friendly even with all the chaos going on.  The decor of this place is really cool.  I always like dim lit places.There were about 25 of us, but they were very accommodating.  The food was very good.  For a franchise place they had some good stuff.  What really stood out was the chicken saltimbocca it was probably the biggest hit at the table.  I will be back for that dish.  The whole night was great they really did a great job with everything.
3	Thank god for their good service occasionally or this place would be a total flop. Sorry I said it. What keeps me coming back is convenience (its less then a miles from my house) and their $10 off $20 purchase coupons that are always around!The food is okay. About the same as something I could whip up in my kitchen...okay maybe a step up. The service has always been iffy (either wonderful or terrible) and sometimes it takes awhile to get your food. Small thing that peeved me: every glass of soda/icedt they bring you they add $3 to your bill...kinda cheesy but whatever.  Overall yeh I will go back for some overpriced food in a handy to-go "tub".
5	My family and I always come to Buca when we want a great Italian meal! This restaurant is great for couples as well as big groups because they serve a lot of food, very big portions. One order can serve up to 3 or 4 people. When my family and I go to Buca we always order the chicken alfredo, chicken parm and pasta marinera. We are a big family and like the variety! The chicken alfredo is soo delicious and creamy, the chicken is cooked so well and the the sauce is a classic. The Chicken parm comes in a big dish of 4 well sized chicken breasts and tastes better then it looks! We get the pasta marinera to eat with the chicken parm because it does not come with any pasta.I have not had any desserts at this restaurant but I have heard that they are also very yummy! Come with a starving belly and leave full and happy! Wonderful place to come with friends or family..
4	What an interesting peek into the celebration that is the Italian family dinner. This place has almost a nostalgic feel to it in the fact that there are lots of large family sized tables filled to the brim with generations of families dining and laughing. The restaurant itself is decorated with old Italian decor and has a real homey feel to it.Now, my view may be a little skewed because I was here on a first date and it ended up being one of the best dates I've ever been on. This may have made the food taste better but in reality it was pretty damn good food at a reasonable price. I didn't realize that the "regular" portion was for 2+ people and was a bit worried at ordering a $20 Veal Parmigiana. The meal came with 3 large Veal pieces all smothered in tasty sauce, cheese, and wrapped in prosciutto.With a fantastic atmosphere, knowledgeable staff, and delicious Italian food, Buca di Beppo now has a great place in my heart. Can't wait to have a family outing here one day with my less than Italian family.
3	Took the family here to celebrate my Son's Birthday.  He likes Buca because of the large portions of food.  Even though it's a chain, I don't mind coming here....as long as the family is happy, I'm happy.We ordered:Gnocchi w/tons of Gorgonzola Cheesehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jO3ikdNbF_TGGv87izTkEg?select=3qVOP1NznI8rb9uw84uXBgFour Cheese Pizzahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jO3ikdNbF_TGGv87izTkEg?select=7KaVTCG5abfIpQWIuWsK2QGnocchihttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jO3ikdNbF_TGGv87izTkEg?select=PrqdCTcI_HIpPzo3S7JxGwRigatoni w/Spicy Chickenhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jO3ikdNbF_TGGv87izTkEg?select=5jiuqfiAmQqm6ISEG67_OwThe food was good and the service was OK.  We didn't have any issues all evening.  Of course kiddo got a nice Dessert and serenade for his Birthday....http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jO3ikdNbF_TGGv87izTkEg?select=tepqp9VLKDixAnmyVhpNyQOverall, it was a fun time had by all.Return Factor - 60%
3	Second or third time I've ever been to Buca. Second time at this location. I know some of my buddies aren't too impressed with this chain but it's not a bad place for some good authentic Italian food. Why is it good? Because my Italian friend said so.The parking lot is pretty small as well as the restaurant itself. When you first walk in, you're greeted by the maitre'D. The waiting area is kind of small with two benches for convenience and comfort. Actually, it's not that the area is small but more cluttered.All the dishes are available in small and large portions. Small portions are suitable for 3 person parties while the large portions can (supposedly) satisfy 6 people.Environment: From ceiling to floor, the walls are decorated with Italian decor and pictures of their glory days including "Miss Buca" of several years. The seating areas look antique which correlates well with the rest of the facility.Waiter:waitresses; not too bad. We ordered a lot if food and that have been the underlying reason for her many visits to our table. Regardless, she did a good job of making sure my buddies were happy and satisfied. Most impressive was the fact that she memorized our entire customized order. No pen and pad. Just memorization.Food: Started off the night with French bread with wine and vinegar for dipping sauce. Nothing unusual or extraordinary. For appetizer, we ordered the large spicy calamari which is basically the "fried calamari" dish cooked with banana peppers for a nice kick. Slices of roasted banana peppers were used to garnish the fried seafood. Marinara mixed with garlic sauce added the perfect salty taste to complement the spicy and flavorful morsels of squid. For entrees, we had 3 dishes, pizza and two chicken selections. The pizza was a thin crust masterpiece covered with a small layer of fresh tomato sauce and melted cheese. Sausage and roasted tomato were scattered on top of the rectangular shaped pizza. The crust was crunchy on the bottom and slightly chewy on the top. The cheese was perfectly melted so that with each bite, you had to check your chin to make sure no residual cheese remained. Nothing spectacular about the sausage. The first chicken dish was slightly fried and covered in pesto sauce. The chicken was stuffed with mozzarella which oozed out with every bite. YUM! The last chicken dish was unremarkable in every way. Covered with a white cream sauce and capers.Drinks: diet pepsi (they don't have coke).Recommendation: EAT!!!
1	Vast amounts of poorly prepared food presented in a raucous atmosphere of dragooned waiter/waitress choruses of the "special" restaurant birthday song.If you don't have a screaming infant you need to bring to a restaurant, don't go.  The Veal Parmesan was a howling mess.  It's an "Italian" restaurant, and they don't even serve capellini.
2	This was a last minute choice for dinner on a recent Friday night. The red sangria was mediocre at best. Glad I didn't go for the upsell to a carafe. The calamari was ok, I would give it a "C". Under seasoned, mostly tentacles, and served with a terrible sauce. It had a really "tinny" taste, like it came right from a can. I don't mind canned tomatoes, but I don't want to taste metal. Service was ok, not good. We noticed that every table but ours had bread, so we asked for some. We really shouldn't have had to ask. The lobster ravioli was odd. They were filled with a fishy puree and also had some larger chunks of lobster in them, and then covered with a terrible sauce. The seasonings were just weird and off, and again, the sauce tasted very metallic.  I went with a friend and she got "that kind of sick" about half an hour after we left and said she still felt sick  the next morning.  We both had exactly the same things, except for our beverages, and I didn't get sick. Our total for one sangria, two domestic beers, one calamari appetizer and one lobster ravioli entree was a little over $50 before the tip.
4	Great place for good food at a decent price.Servings are huge...if you are coming with only 1-2 people, you're best to just buy one entree or pasta plate and maybe an appetizer or dessert if you want to bring food home (or have extras).Had the spicy chicken Rigatoni and it was excellent.  Tons of food and tons of flavor!The bread/oil/vin they serve is excellent as well.  No idea why, but it is just delicious.Also ordered the calamari but it wasn't earth shattering..I'd probably skip it next time.Server was great and very helpful.  Atmosphere is very "homey" and has a classic feel.Check it out if you are thinking Olive Garden for dinner.
4	What a great place to bring a group. The pricing is great for those who like to do family style. Luckily, since it was me and by bf and we went at 3pm, they have a lunch menu with individual portions. Which were still very big and filling... and delicious!Had no room for dessert unfortunately.. but will try them next time! Maybe if I can gather 6 people, we can try to colossal brownie sundae thing! YUMIts also a good place for catering and parties. Very roomy restaurant (kinda separated rooms for a bit more privacy if needed) but not enough parking! You gotta park in the business plaza next to it... but that's not a big deal.
3	It's a Buca di Beppo.  We tend to order the spicy chicken rigatoni mostly.  They have that dialed.  Too bad the have to repeat the same pictures on different walls, there must be more pics out there somewhere.
4	Decent prices when you get a $10 off coupon and use it plus you can share even the small entrees.  Kids love it.  Wayne Gorsek
1	Refuses to take coupons from frequent customers only a few days after expiration, very over priced!
5	Eddie is an amazing server, I would ask for him as some of the other servers are terrible!  Amazing the difference a high quality server makes as it relates to your experience and happiness!Wayne Gorsek
1	Service is very inconsistent, I just tried to place a carry out order and I was put on hold forever and they kept interrupting my order by putting me on hold so I finally hung up and called Olive Garden and no such problem!  Clearly this place has a terrible manager.  The only thing good I can say is Eddie is an amazing server if you are so fortunate to have him, others have been terrible.  They also refuse to take their own coupons if they are just a few days after expiration, other places like still will accept after expiration if you ask.  Prices are very high compared to Olive Garden.
5	Wife and I had a great time.  OUTSTANDING service!  New menu is GREAT!  I had the lobster spaghetti and it ROCKED!We have been going to this particular Buca di Beppo for about 5 years and have NEVER had anything but EXCELLENT SERVICE and FOOD!
5	Great experience! Food was excellent and service was great. Started with a calamari appetizer which was the best I have ever had, lightly fried and perfectly cooked! I had the spicy chicken rigatoni which was delicious and the girlfriend had the ravioli with a request of alfredo sauce which the server was more than happy to fulfill. She was very delighted with her ravioli which she also found delicious. To top it all off, our server was friendly, quick, and consistently made sure our drinks never went empty without us ever having to request another drink. Prices were a little high but well worth it considering the quality and huge portions. Sorry Olive Garden but you have been replaced. THANKS BUCA!!!
4	Friendly staff, Alfredo Supremo, White Sangria.
5	When do you every go to Bucca and walk away disappointed?  Never right, this is no exception.  We love coming here of course our eyes are always bigger than our stomachs, and we order way too much, but then take home is a good way to get to eat more goodness the next day!We love the sauage and mushroom pizza and they have taken it off the menu, but we always ask for it and they always make it for us anyway, that's one way to keep us happy!  The service is another, always excellent, very quick with the refills, we are never waiting for attention.After several visits, and ordering too many dishes, we have learned that we are good with one pasta and one pizza, taking home a lot of it, because we always save room for desert  This place is great for special occasions, with you and your best friend, or a group of friends, the atmosphere is loaded with good food, good fun and if you with someone special good company!
5	Good food and good prices!Once my lasagna was overcooked but I forgive them because it was the exception.The atmosphere is a lot of fun and the servers are always pleasant and attentive.
4	Good food but really slow service. My water was empty for 20 minutes.
5	Amelia was a beyond awesome server and food was great!Wayne Gorsek
4	Fun place to go!  The food is served family style.  We went there for my Dad's birthday and there were 15 of us but they accommodated us nicely.  The bread is especially awesome.  Love it with the oil and vinegar.  The only complaint I have is the acoustics.  It can get loud in there.  Kind of reminds me of the Macaroni Grill in this regard.
4	After leaving grape street cafe due to terrible service we decided to go to Buca.As we sat down at the bar we were greeted by the bartender, very friendly and the service was great. You get huge portions of classic Italian and the house Cianti is really good. We had a great time. Will be back soon.
4	I loved the experience and the servers were attentive however the food was mediocre and could be improved.
3	There comes a time in nearly every chain restaurant when something goes wrong. You can tell a good restaurant from a bad one by the way they handle it.  We experienced this first hand a few weeks ago.  We ordered the Bucatini Ala Enzo, Pancetta, Prosciutto, button mushrooms, peas and pasta.  Well while eating, I discovered wax paper still on the prosciutto.  I informed our waitress who apologized and went to find out what it was.  While she was gone, we found several more pieces.   The manager came out, apologized, explained what it was, offered us a replacement entree and comped our meal.  There you have it, a well handled mess.  We love Buca, the portions are worth it, the prices are value for the amount of food you get, and usually the quality is above average, especially for a chain.  They handled this situation very well and we were left satisfied that it would be safe to come back again.  Till next time...
2	The only good thing about this place was the service,  lots of quantity but lacks quality,  everything was very bland and the Chicken Marsala was so sweet i thought i was eating sweet n sour chicken at an asian restaurant.  for $20+ a plate i've had much better.
2	Went with my parents and kids. We got a large baked ziti, large spaghetti w/extra meat sauce and added meatballs, garden salad and garlic bread. Took a while to get our drinks, with no straws. Asked for straws. Got our salad. Server said garlic bread is coming right up. Finished salad and drink. Then a few minutes later came the straws. Asked for refills. Finally garlic bread came. 10 mins later after eating some garlic bread, refills came. Good thing I had my straw. Then came the meal. Not too bad. I seem to have a problem in this town asking for extra things and not getting it, or getting the very minimum one can possibly receive. The extra meat sauce came in a dipping sauce cup(about three tablespoons full). Seriously? Then it came time for dessert. Was going to get some ice cream, but two of my kids are allergic to milk, so I asked if they had sherbet. A simple yes or no would have sufficed. Instead I got huffed at and had a dessert menu shoved in my hand and was told "this is what we have." So I dropped the menu, said forget dessert and asked for the check. RUDE! They got two stars for their portion sizes, but that's about it. Their food isn't anything to write home about, or get a good review. Prob won't be back.
3	First time there. It was alright. Family style Italian looking food just didn't have the bold flavors and quality ingredients I was expecting. The Balsamic vinegar for the bread dip was garbage. Just another average Italian chain restaurant but with a family style hook.
5	I was introduced to Buca by my Investment Banker. He told me he takes his family there all the time and they love it! So I guess he was calling me family by taking me there. The portions were huge and the food was amazing! By the end of the engagement, we had made a deal pertaining to a new Investment portfolio- so I suppose you could say he won me over! I can't count how many times I've been back to this place. I love it every time!
4	Went here for a multiple birthday dinner, we made reservations for 8 and more people showed up. The servers were so helpful - moved us to the pope room (which was a bit creepy, oh well) and gave us a constant upkeep on drinks. Food was pretty good, service was spot on. Too much food though, I should think, but it IS an Italian style family dinner. 4 stars for awesome service.
4	Awesome. Family style meals.  great food service experience.  Meatballs that weigh you down..
5	I recently moved from San Francisco where Buca di Beppo was a huge hit. When I saw one close by to my new house in Las Vegas, I got really excited. Believe me, the food is just as amazing as it was in SF but it's the service at this location that really sets it apart from other restaurants.The last few times I've gone, I had Sarah as a waitress. She's very knowledgable about the menu, she has a great attitude, and she's also very understanding/accommodating. The last time me and my boyfriend came in, we walked in 5 minutes before they closed and dined in. We felt really guilty about holding the staff passed closing but everyone, and I mean everyone including the manager, was really sweet! Lewis, the Sous Chef, brought our starter and entree out. At the end of the meal, he came back around to ask how we enjoyed everything. I was highly impressed. It really showed a sense of compassion towards the establishment to see the Chef come out and ask how everything was. It was completely professional and very much appreciated. The entrees are HUGE and even the "Small" can easily feed two really hungry people. The Baked Ziti with a side of Garlic Cheesy bread is really good. The Shrimp Florentine is also really delicious! Come to think of it, I haven't tried anything from Buca that I haven't liked.Long story short, this place is AWESOME! The service, the food, and overall atmosphere is an A+. Definitely one of my favorite places to dine, don't be surprised if you see me there if you go in to eat :)
3	We used to frequent Buca di beppo at least once every other month a few years ago, as it was the "new" place to dine for us coming from Olive garden. Back then we thought the pricing was a little high for the amount of food you get. Just went back and realized the prices have gone up about $5 an entree which is family style. But the portion sizes haven't gotten bigger. The stuffed prosciutto chicken is hardly stuffed with anything and it was dry as a bone. I'm beginning to think the prices were raised to sort of offset the $10 coupon that you can get quite frequently. Example of over pricing. $39.99 for large chianti braised short ribs. The are good, but you get 3 small pieces to share with your family.  Same goes for all the meat entrees. The pasta, salad and pizza are good and that's what we will stick to. I want to give it 1 or 2 stars for the pricing.
2	Meh.  I've experienced better is right. Granted, I did come in with a HUGE party.  It was where our friends decided to gather to eat after their special occasion.  It had to of been about 50 people.  BUT you would think a restaurant that serves such large family style dishes, would be able to handle a party of that many, apparently for one of their staffers, not. So our food was basically preordered and the menu was set for us.  Food was okay, it wasn't spectacular thats why I can't even describe it.  I just wanted to review our service though. One of the waitresses, was frazzled from the very beginning.  Myself and a few other people in the party observed it early in our dinner.  I mean, she couldn't get the drink orders straight, kept forgetting to bring us simple utensils to eat our food, plates, too, it also took forever to bring our drinks to us.  When we were finally given the bill for our drinks, after requesting it 3x, we immediately gave our card since we had no cash to pay for it.  She came back and said I'm sorry I charged it out to cash, can you pay it by cash?  What?! Your mistake, you fix it.  I mean, why would you even bring that back to your customer.  It didn't upset us or anything, but it seems compared to her other coworkers that served flawlessly, she could not compare.  So our waitress, frazzled.  Not that she was mean to us particularly, but man she gave off she was having a bad day.
4	So it's a restaurant chain. That doesn't matter to me I'm a fan. I admit that I don't ever eat at Buca unless I have a coupon, but come on they send them in the mail all of the time! I'm also signed up on the e-mail list so they send offers that way too. I received a $20 off with purchase of 2 entrees and wanted to take advantage of it since I hadn't had Buca in a while, and it was better then the $10 off they generally send.  We arrived just after 5 pm. The parking lot was pretty empty and when we got inside we were able to have our pick of where to sit since they weren't busy. We must have just beat the dinner rush coming in because the restaurant soon filled up. Our server brought some complimentary bread that I had to force myself to put down to save room for my meal that was coming. I could have eaten the bread all to myself! Since Buca serves family style meals the portions are big. They have small and large sizes, but don't let the small size trick you into thinking it isn't much because it is plentiful. I ordered the "Penne Arrabbiata" priced at $19.99 for the small. It had spicy Italian sausage on top of the pasta as well in the sauce. I wasn't crazy about this dish simply because it had too much sausage flavor. I like sausage, but don't like it overpowering certain dishes. The sausage that was on the pasta also was a bit dry. The other dish I ordered was the "Baked Lasagna" priced at $19.99 for the small. This is so good! The meat sauce it tasty and the cheesy goodness it what makes it! There is ricotta, mozzarella, provolone and parmesan cheese in this lasagna. Very comforting and delicious! You can phone your order for pick-up if you don't feel like eating inside. Buca has several options as far as catering goes. You can pick up "Party Pans" (they have a menu for this) if you are having a gathering at your house and don't want the fuss of cooking. They offer different sizes and menu options broken down to how many people you are entertaining. They also offer a catering service where you can have Buca deliver the food along with tablecloths, plates, utensils, etc. so this is probably a great choice for a corporate party. They also have banquet rooms (some themed) and offer group menu options. When the server told me about the themed rooms I wondered what they could be like since there are pictures of naked people hanging on the regular dining walls. I crack up every time wondering how they get away with that since Buca is supposed to be a place to bring the familia, but it is just part of the character and I guess it works!
3	It was a going away dinner and our friends wanted to having their party here.  It was my first experience at Buca and I wasn't too impressed. Several of us called ahead to place orders to help assist the kitchen from falling behind.  I am glad we did because those who didn't seemed to have to wait a while for their orders to be taken. Other than that, knowing they were going to have a large party you would hope they would have planned ahead.  We had 1 main server and 1-2 others helping him when they seemed to have a minute.  I would have thought they would have planned ahead to have 2-3 people for such a large group. Our poor server tried but he just seemed miserable the entire time. Yes, it was loud and chaotic due to having a large group of children running around but the kids were going crazy after waiting over a hour for food.  As for drink refills they were no existent.  I had asked 2 times before my water was refilled..and those extra napkins never showed either.  The food itself was just okay.  Nothing that made me say wow I have to have this again.  Would I eat here again, maybe.  Would I select this place or recommend as a must try...no.
1	ok.. ok... I know what your thinking, 1 star?  Buca... its based on service alone.The server we had, first was not attentive, the place was dead, towards closing, seemed more interested in helping close the place than his customers.  His BREATHE STUNK, yeah, its hard to imagine it be that bad that the whole table can smell it.He "forgot" my beer, and then lied about it.  The salad came out and was finished before the bread go there.  Extra olives ordered never arrived. And lets face it, Buca is not a good value.  3 folks, salad and dish runs $55? Yes, the food is good, no doubt about it.  But based on the repeated bad service I have had at this location, they either need to fire the idiot that keeps hiring these rejects or just find something else to do.
3	I had the fettucini supremo which had a beautiful presentation but was very bland. Chicken hadn't been seasoned, sauce had no flavor it was bad My kid enjoyed the pizza which tasted better than my fettucini. :/Lastly the tiramisu.. it was missing the pudding like consistency and the lady fingers tasted like straight alcohol. No good.The 3 stars is mostly for the very fun and friendly service we had.I will only try this place again if someone else pays .
4	I can't believe there was a Buca in Summerlin and I didn't know about it! Been driving all the way down to the E Flamingo location all this time! We visited this location on a Sunday night and were seated in booths in the bar area, which was perfect because football was on TV. Although the bartender was our server, he was pretty quick and came back many times to check on us throughout the meal. There was 4 of us so we opted for a large proscuitto stuffed chicken (5 pieces) and a large baked rigatoni (don't do it, it's HUGE! - 2 lbs worth). Needless to say, we finished the chicken but had plenty of pasta leftover. This is the first time I've ever had leftovers at Buca, so I was surprised when we asked for a box, the waiter came by and packed our pasta into boxes for us and threw in bags of warm bread as well. This location doesn't get as crowded as the Flamingo location, however, you can make reservations as well if you'd like. We had a great time/meal here and I'll definitely be back, especially because I wanted to try their dessert but we were all too full to attempt it...
5	How could you not love Buca's? So many fond memories in the Pope room. Great lasagna, chicken Marsala and salads. I love the atmosphere too, how could you not love it?
4	A nice change of pace from many of the other Italian eateries and good size portions but to claim their large feeds four people is a stretch. It is a bit on the pricy side and the food is just ok, but it is a fun place to eat and the staff generally try to amuse you throughout your dining experience. All in all it's something different and fun, but if your there just for the food you might be a bit disappointed.
4	The food is very good, but not great.  It is a little on the bland side, but still very edible.  The portions are gigantic, if you don't have 5 or more people eating the same dish, get the small size.  The service was very good on this visit, though we were the only people in the place on a Tuesday afternoon.
4	Pizza Cat is not a fan of this chain. She has been coerced into many Bucas for birthday parties, family, luncheons, and such... and she has come to the conclusion it is overpriced, mediocre food. (although she would love to visit the original buca in Minnesota one day)Why the four star? Well... one day Pizza Cat was driving around with the Tom Cat, looking for bacon doughnuts (mmmm, bacon doughnuts) and Tom Cat said he had never tried Bucas before? NEVER TRIED BUCAS BEFORE!!! (how unamerican). So Pizza Cat, being a good American citizen, decided to treat Tom Cat to an overly priced lunch at the closest Bucas. Tom Cat loved the food (but that's why he is the tom cat, not the pizza cat). Pizza Cat had to admit the baked ziti was delicious, cooked to perfection, perfectly al dente, with the right amount of over-cheese. Well worth the $20 for a small. The waiter was absolutely lovely, he bumped the restaurant to a four star, all by himself. Pizza Cat did not like the overly priced Pepperoni pizza for $9. It was tasty, but not much else. She did not like the $4 ice tea either. She went back for thanksgiving to order the $20 lasagna and the $12 tiramisu and decided it would've been easier to flush the money down the toilet. So there's Pizza Cat's review of Bucas, not that it will stop her from coming here again, she's sure someone's whatever is coming up soon, and they LOOOOVE Bucas. Pew. Pew.
4	Portions are hella big!!! Theres always always something for to-go. Tiramisu yuuuuummmm
3	Buca has been through some ownership/management changes, and I haven't been in about a year or so. I used to get to go orders at this location, and there was always some issue with them.This time, I had a Buca salad (like an antipasto salad with meat & veggies) and mozzerella garlic bread. The salad was pretty good and had a nice variety of ingredients.I was disappointed with the bread, it seemed like they microwaved it or threw it together without completely baking it to obtain that cheesy, gooey perfection that every cheesy bread should be.
1	I've never had to run out of somewhere fearing that they'd come and chase us down but this place was just horrible.
1	The Hostess was more concerned with the computer screen. Our server was kind and attentive in the beginning. After she delivered the prosciutto chicken that she recommended (we originally came for chicken Parmesan)  she was nowhere to be found. Our chicken wasn't cooked. She took the undercooked chicken away after 10 minutes or so and offered the chicken Parmesan. We asked for it to go & waited for it to come out. It didn't come out to go. When she delivered it to the table we had no silverware or plates because she had taken them away. We asked for to-go containers and she seemed surprised. Would not recommend and will never return!
1	We used to come here at least once a month, was fantastic. At this point we wont return again. Slow service, mediocre food - a manager who looks shell shocked. Sorry Buca, you've lost us forever.
5	My boyfriend and I really like this place.  We used to go to Olive Garden all the time for salad and mussels, but this place beats it by far.  Bucca's mussels bianca, and apple gorgonzola salad are fantastic!
5	The few times I've gone here, I have really enjoyed it. The employees there are always so welcoming with a smile. About the food, what can I say, its delicious. I recommend getting the Baked Ziti. When I went here for the first time and ate the Baked Ziti I really enjoyed the flavor and especially the cheese. By the way if your a cheese lover, this is the place to go!
4	This past Wednesday we hosted a birthday party for 80-year-old mother. Kimmy helped us plan everything and since we were planning from Los Angeles it could have been very hard for us but she made it very easy.  The servers were great the atmosphere was wonderful they did everything that we asked everybody had a great time.  thank you to Kimmy and the Buca staff for the most helping us host a successful party for 34
2	We all felt sick all night ...wasn't impressed especially for the price. Don't order the cosmo fizz it's super tart and not enjoyable. I didn't eat very much because I don't eat a lot of pasta and still felt sick all night ....can't see ever going back.
4	We have stayed away from Buca di Beppo because of their reputation for huge portions.  We would be in the area for an appointment and decided to go here after for an early dinner.  As form the portions, we're at the age where early dinners and take home boxes rule!  :)I had checked the menu online and knew pretty much what we wanted before going there.  Our server, Casey, was a gem!  She asked us if we had been there before and answered questions and gave advice as we asked.We ended up ordering a small portion of their summer tricolore salad.  It was a good starter of sliced tomatoes, mozzarella, and avocado rings topped with fresh basil and olive oil.  A very summery kind of salad.For our main course, we chose the spicy chicken rigatoni described on the menu as chicken breast, garlic, crushed red pepper and peas in a spicy rosa sauce.  This came with a recommendation from a friend and it was a good suggestion.  (Thanks Shawn H.)  The bowl of rigatoni was huge.  Note that the menu states that a small order is meant for 2 or more and a large order is meant for 4 or more.  We had generous servings at the restaurant, not overdoing it though, and we brought home a container for an additional meal.  The take home packaging even had a reheating instruction sticker on it.  Since we didn't overdo the main course, we had room for dessert.  They have a couple of desserts that have single serving versions (well actually they're also for 2 people in reality).  We got their single serving version of the colossal brownie sundae.  It came with two brownie pieces, two scoops of ice cream and some whipped cream.  A very nice dessert for two people to share.I was very pleased with this first visit to a Buca.  Considering the amount of food, the price is reasonable.  Service was outstanding.  Thanks, Casey!  We'll be back to try some other things.  And, by bringing home a box, it saves me from having to cook a meal on a future day.  Score!
3	Not really impressed, but I did leave stuffed. The portions are quite large so good for a family on a budget. The Shrimp Fra Diavolo is a spicy penne dish which I would recommend. Daughter got the traditional baked ziti which she enjoyed. The Artichoke Florentine dip was tasty but cheesy, the bread that comes with it is tasty alone. House bread is nice and soft. The children's spaghetti is not good at all, stay away. Felt bad for my son, thank good he ate appetizers or he probably would of starved.
1	Never going here again. HORRIBLE! I took my boyfriend for dinner here for his birthday because it was his first time. First of all our waitress Bree looked like she was on 10 cups of coffee, and secondly the family right behind us were really upset because Bree lost their credit card which was what they payed for I'm assuming. Ugh who loses a credit card!?!? Ok so now to our issues, well we both asked for waters and she asked "with lemon" we both said yes she' comes back with 2 water one with lemon and one without lemon she's said " oh I forgot I didn't know if u wanted it with lemon or not" so I said it's ok no worries, then while my boyfriend was not looking I told her it's my boyfriends birthday today she's winked back and said " ok got it" as were having our dinner she boxes up our food and Says "any dessert for tonight" I said yes "plain cheesecake" she's said "I'll bring that right out for you" as I waited and waited and WAITED they never came and sang happy birthday to my boyfriend and she brought us our tab and I said uhhh did u forget our cheesecake she's said" oh yea I'll bring it right up" This was really upsetting due to the fact that it was my boyfriends birthday, she DID not deserve our tip she was a horrible waitress. Were never going back to this bucca de beppo. Flamingo location is way better. *Thumbs down*
3	Unfortunately, the service was very poor. It took about 10 minutes for someone to notice us and order our drinks. Thankfully the manager was around and he took care of our order even before our waitress came. Buca's idea is to be able to share your meal with your familia! The problem I see with this is that for just 2 people is hard to decide on one plate. However, I'm sure the concept works great for big groups. The food is good but is nothing that I would be craving. I would still recommend the apple gorgonzola salad which was great!
3	Big big portions.... Plan on taking food home with you! The food is pretty good, I like the spicy ziti dish. I didn't care for the fettuccine alfredo sauce it was bland. But the fresh baked bread was nice and the garlic bread with cheese is a must have. Go with a group and share or plan on taking home left overs!
5	Food is great and served in very large portions so I would definitely recommend coming here if you want a fun family dinner night. livingsocial.com gave me a 20% off coupon for free so I saved $8 on my meal.
1	Recently move real close to this place and was excited to try it. Really like it on first impression. It is a neat looking place with a good feel to it. We were seated and waited an extremely long time to even see our server. Although we were ready to order our server took only our drink order and ran away to put in our drink order. Our drink order was simply a bottle of wine. We didn't see her again to place our order for another 5 minutes. So we order the lasagna with garlic bread and soup. The soup arrives just barely warm with the complementary bread which wasn't even warm. Finished the soup and started waiting for the meal. Oh did I mention the wine still had not arrived. I guess the bar was backed up oh wait it was a bottle of wine. I try not to completely judge a place based on one server. So the food arrived and it was bland. Food wasn't great and bad service but that could be a one time thing but on the way out in the foyer there were two employees across from each other having a discussion. We passed between them and out the doors. They simply continued their discussion without so much as acknowledging the departing customers. So it wasn't and individual server having a bad night. This is obviously poor management.
4	Great Italian food! This place is great for parties and big groups. The prices are honestly just outrageous, so I would save it for a special occasion. It's around $15-$35 for each dish, but it is family style.
3	I have eaten at 2 locations of this restaurant. The one was in Huntington Beach and I have forgotten the other one. But my point is that they serve really good Italian food. If you are on a carb-load program, hut thus place up!
4	I'd like to thank them for being able to fit a party of 25 people on Christmas day after another restaurant canceled on us without any notice. I love that everything is family style. It makes it really easy for a big family like that to order and be able to try a little bit of everything. The service was really good, the only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because it was really cold in the restaurant, which may or may not have been the reason for the food coming out slightly cold and then also our order of gnocchi wasn't cooked all the way and was more of a dough ball, but it still tasted good :)
4	He and my girlfriend came over tonight to have some fettucini alfredo and we just ordered the two small one would have been plenty our server Luis was very nice and courteous we will return.
5	Spaghetti and meatballs are awesome!! A good place with good food and friendly people!! Service is excellent and didn't have to wait long. Ceasar salad is fresh and crisp
