3	This is the second Over Easy restaurant, and I am updating my original review which was done just 5 days after it opened. The patio is inviting. The front room is sort of weird in decor. The backroom is like a high school cafeteria and needs an ambiance fix. It's basically breakfast food with a few twists, like malted waffles and pancakes with Reece's pieces. The service and food have improved, and I have been back a few times for breakfast. I can't comment on the lunch menu. Hey, this is not a destination place--but there's not alot of options in this neck of Scottsdale, and if you are ice skating at the den, hiking or working out nearby, hit the patio for breakfast.
3	My husband, 1-year old son and I headed to this restaurant because a friend had recommended it.  I had no idea that the original was featured on Food Channel's Diner's, Drive-ins and Dives until after the fact.  The place is attached to the Alltel Ice Den on 93rd Street and Bell Road.  When we 1st walked in, there were 4 employee's working who glanced at us but didn't acknowledge it.  It was until we were fully standing in the middle of the restaurant and made eye-contact with our later-to-be server that she asked us where we wanted to sit.  We decided to sit outside since the weather was perfect. I ordered the eggs with corn beef hash and toast. My husband ordered the Wolfpack (2 eggs any style, bacon, choice of cheese layered between hash browns).  Our son ate off our plates and had his own bowl of kids tater tots (only $1 and very good!).  I'd have to say I enjoyed my husbands dish more than mine.  The corn beef hash was different than what I was normally used to.  It was basically ground up pieces of corned beef with a few cubes of potatoes and chopped onions mixed in.  The eggs I chose were sunny-side up - and they put a lot of salt on it.  So on top of my salty eggs and corned beef hash that is generally already salty,  I drank 3 glasses of water during my meal.  The service was ok.  Our server didn't refill my water or my husband's ice tea for quite some time.  Other than that, she was friendly to my son (always a bonus)!Our bill came out to $21 (including a 20% tip).  We'll come back and try this place again.
5	I've been lead astray by Mr. Guy Fieti ALA Dinners Drive- In's and Dives , but not this time.  Friendly service, clean restaurant, and fresh dericious food that made me gorge myself to the point of not being able to eat till dinner time.  Fan-fucking-tastic.
2	Disorganized. Disgusting. But friendly, and the price is right.  Several open tables, yet still a 20 minute wait.  Almost as many staff as customers, yet you have to physically grab one of them to get some attention.My bananas foster french toast had maybe 10 paper thin slivers of bananas and was swimming in caramel sauce to the point it filled my plate.  It was disgusting.  I kid you not - I literally washed the caramel sauce off my french toast with maple syrup to lighten things up.  Their coffee is just nasty; reminiscent of my grandma's and bad even loaded with cream and sugar.Staff are some of the nicest people you'd want to be around, unless you're relying on them to serve you breakfast.  Prices are probably the best in North Scotts. for breakfast.Yes, I'd go back.  It's possible they're still settling into the new location, and they seem to have the right attitude to eventually get things running smoothly.
4	We saw the Food Network's Diners, Dives, and Drive-Ins when my parents were in town.  So, we decided to try it out but went to the Scottsdale location because it was closer than the Phoenix location.  It was on Bell Road right next to the Ice Den.  I guess normally there is a 30 min wait but we got seated right away.  I ordered Omelette #4 (spinach  with tomato, garlic and feta cheese).  It was DELICIOUS!     My mom had the blueberry pancakes and really enjoyed them.  Prices are a little high ($3 for 3 pieces of bacon), but all in all, I thought the food was tasted very good and was filling.  I would definitely go back.
1	The Brioche French Toast was one of the nastiest things I've ever eaten.  I was not going to wait in line at the CenPho location so we made a trip to the lesser known newer one for our first Over Easy experience.  I'm quite a fan of French Toast and I'm always on the lookout for the perfect french toast.  This was not it.  Not only did the filling turn the center of the toast into a giant tapioca-looking mushfest but the batter that coats the french toast does NOTHING to give it flavor.  It's called vanilla people, a big bottle at costco is only $4.  Use it.  What a disgusting mess.  I tried putting the syrup on it.  Of course, it didn't come with "REAL MAPLE SYRUP" but I was welcome to use the catsup bottle at the table that had been filled with the thinnest, corn-syrup based syrup known to man.  At least my meal had some flavor after that.  This will be my one and only trip to any Over Easy (or other Aaron May restaurant).  What a joke.
1	We've driven by the PHX Over Easy many times but I refuse to wait for it.  I knew in my heart that it wasn't the same type of food worth waiting for like Matt's.  We decided to head way out to the apparently non-popular Over Easy to see what all the fuss was about.  To sum it up, just don't bother!We walked inside and the place was only about 1/2 full so we grabbed a seat in the middle where there were three terribly placed tables.  My first impression was not a good one, as this restaurant is horribly under utilized and very poorly planned.  The color scheme was nice and cheerful though.  I really really hated the vinyl chairs that clung to my legs.  It was really uncomfortable.After perusing the menu for a few moments I decided that the Wolf Pack was the way to go for me.  I like big manly breakfasts and this sounded perfect!  Two layers of hash browns with bacon and eggs cooked to order in the middle with cheese on top.  Yum!  That really sounded delicious to me, unfortunately it was a big heaping pile of FAIL slopped on a plate.  The bacon was about the only good part of my meal.  The cheese tasted like plastic, the eggs were rubbery, and the hash browns were so greasy that they slicked my lips with oil after every bite.  In the end, despite the fact that I only ate about 1/3 of my food, I got sick.  I was not a happy camper and I will never come back.
2	Guy Fieri... what up??  This is the second Diners, Drive Ins and Dives recommendations that has disappointed.  Over Easy is sandwiched in between the Ice Den (the sometimes Coyotes and Olympic hopefuls and has beens training ice) and Mountainside Fitness.  The irony was not lost on me... two temples of fitness and health rubbing up against (quite inappropriately) the church of lard.  We tried to be DD and D purists by ordering what Guy recommended:  chicken fried steak and the carmelized banana and pecan pancakes.  First, the carmelized bananas were not.  They were raw banana slices drowned in caramel (which I believe was melted caramel candies based on the sugar content).  The dish was SO sweet it made me sick. But at least I could balance the sweetness by tasting my husband's dish which was pretty much a salt shaker surrounding a piece of meat.  Our waitress was a very nice lady but seemed to forget about us after bringing the food.  I want to give Over Easy another try, but I'll have to wait a month unti lI want to eat again at all.
4	Had breakfast here (at 1:30pm) after working out today.The food was very good and super fresh.....I had the egg white and asparagus omelette ..... yum.....with a side of fresh fruit....sweet and juicy. My husband had the smoked Scottish salmon which he enjoyed. The coffee was good and the service was quick and friendly.It is also nice to be able to sit outside after working up a sweat.
1	Service at this location also leaves something to be desired!  And, the food, 'oh bf, please don't make me ever go there again!'
4	Breakfast is widely considered to be the most important meal of the day.  During my one and only visit to Over Easy I had a breakfast that ensured that I didn't need to eat for the rest of the day, and I was happy about that because I don't like to let anything that is important pass me by.  As soon as I saw the chicken and waffles listed on the menu I knew that there was no need to look for anything else.  Something about the menu's advice of enjoying the dish with both hot sauce and syrup resonated with me, and that sealed the deal.  Plus there was free maple syrup (more on that later).Both the chicken and the waffle were good, but neither was astounding.  I was served a large chicken breast that had tons of flavor.  Did I need hot sauce?  No, but it certainly didn't hurt.  The waffle was also enjoyable, but there was something that just seemed to be missing.  Perhaps the best aspect of the meal was that maple syrup was automatically served - I didn't have to pony up any extra cash to enjoy one of nature's most perfect foods.  The coffee wasn't bad either. That was certainly reflected in the six cups that I managed to take down as I was taking pleasure in my chicken and waffle breakfast, which by the end were completely submerged in a 50/50 mixture of maple syrup and hot sauce.  Maple syrup, hot sauce, and good coffee, it's hard not to enjoy a breakfast that allows you to have all of those at once.  After all of that gluttony and review-rambling, I feel compelled to give Over Easy four stars because the food was pretty good but there was certainly room for improvement (the waffle could have been better and that constituted half of my meal).
1	My wife and I took a trip from the mid west to California, and decided to stop at several restaurants featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives.  Of the four we visited, two were ok (nothing special) one was bad and one (Over Easy) was absolutely horrible.  We ordered pancakes and a side of crispy bacon - we got overcooked, hard as a rock pancakes and undercooked bacon.  How can you screw up pancakes and bacon?  McDonalds has better food.  Heck I can cook better than that. And we haven't even talked about the unfriendly service.   All told, we have been to six restaurants featured on triple-D and the best only rate three stars and most are one or two stars.  Our new motto: If Guy Fieri recommends it - avoid it.
2	Glad to see that all of the reviews for Over Easy aren't stellar, as I've been consistently underwhelmed by this Camelback corridor breakfast joint. At the base level, there just isn't anything exciting about the food. I could make it at home, so why go out of the way to pay for something that I could find at any random greasy spoon? I know that a lot of the Arcadia set love Over Easy, but it simply strikes me as an okay-at-best, retro-trendy hole in the wall. Also, and certainly worth mentioning, the service was bad - unfriendly staff and I felt sort of like I should be grateful that I could grab a table, rather than feeling welcomed. Skip it - Over Easy is over-hyped and under-delivers.
4	The same great food as their Phoenix location but it is just missing the same old school charm of the owner yelling at the cooks to get the food out fast.  It has a nice patio next to the ice rink. The main advantage of the Scottsdale location is the extended hours and larger seating capacity than their Phoenix place.
3	Didn't think this place was quite worthy of a spot on Diner's, Drive-Ins, and Dives, but it was okay.  They did have the best hashbrowns I've ever had.  But, my cappuccino was cold and overpriced.  We all had egg dishes, and we split an order of french toast at the table.  The french toast was done really well.  But, upon leaving, I thought to myself - 'they must have an awesome kitchen back there, and they do have a skilled chef, but this really wasn't worthy of a Triple D shot.'  Guess my expectations were too high.  We didn't make it around to Matt's Big Breakfast for comparison, since we ran out of vacation before we got to all the spots.
5	This is about as good as it gets for brunch food.  As self-proclaimed foodies and avid brunch eaters, my siblings and sister-in-law tried out this place when we were visiting Phoenix.  I was highly impressed with the menu options, and the spread we ordered was no disappointment.  We shared all our entrees, so I can comfortably say favorites included:Salmon, asparagus, capersChilaquiles (!!!)WafflesBanana french toast briocheThey were all amazing.  The decor is cute and welcoming (I especially am a fan of the bright yellow walls), and the service was excellent.  I loved the outdoor sitting area, although it was a tad too hot in July to enjoy it.Great brunch spot!
4	Imagine if a traditional diner used excellent ingredients and displayed cooking chops and attention to detail.
4	Really enjoyed my first visit here - I'm guessing they listened to previous reviewers? "The Wolfpack" is a breakfast experience in itself - eggs, bacon, cheese in the middle of a mountain of perfectly crispy hash browns! The atmosphere is kind of retro-upscale and beats the HELL out of any chain joint. Hard to understand how people have rated this one star - even a Denny's would get better than that...
4	The first time I went here the place was crowded, the wait was long, and it was hot as balls outside where we had to wait.  But boy was it worth it.  Chicken fried steak for breakfast? Yes please. Great coffee too. We'll be back.
5	Love this place!  We are there every Sunday morning for breakfast.  Everything is good.  Huge portions.  Big fan of the hopple popple and corned beef hash.  Pancakes, oatmeal and omelets are great as well.The staff and service are outstanding, a great place to go, relax and have the best breakfasts! Love to sit on the patio.
5	We love this Over Easy. The food is fresh and delicious. I especially like the egg white and aspargus omelette. Our 22 yr old son loves the WOlf pack and our 13 yr old like the chocolate pancake. Big Daddy and I often share the lox and onions with egg whiles. DIVINE.Betsy as the new GM has made a tremendous improvement in the atmostphere and fun of the place. Sam is a great server and they run a well oiled machine. They know their regulars and they take care of them. Eat there once or twice a week. Love it!
2	I make terrible pancakes and could have done a better job than this place. After reading about this place in Phoenix Magazine touting the Reece's pancakes, I was stoked to find another breakfast place in the Valley to try. Boy was I disappointed. The overpriced pancakes were the consistency and dryness of microwave pancakes and instead of having the candies mixed in, they were just on top of the dry mess. The tomatoes were not fresh (for my tomatoes and cottage cheese) and the rest of our guests had similar dry and uninspiring food. The service was great and the lack of wait was really nice on a Sunday. Parking is horrific since it's near the Ice Den.
4	Very mixed reviews here.  I found Over Easy a great place for breakfast and enjoyed my visit with some friends.  They have a very good menu selection and will cook just about anything you could possibly want for breakfast if it's not on their menu.  Their veggie omelet and a side of fruit was excellent!  My friend had their Wolf Pack omelet and it was good but a bit heavy especially with their fried potatoes. The portions are huge and their prices are fair. This is a great place for breakfast!
2	First of all the restaurant itself is cold, not comfortable. Menu is interesting - but fairly limited for a breakfast joint, and when you get down to it the food is fairly bland. Also Pricey - 2 Eggs, bacon, hashbrowns $8. No idea how this made it on Diners Drive-ins & Dives - it is none of these. To new, to pretty, and to boring.
2	I was a little disappointed with both the service and the food.  The food was not even warm when it was served.  It was greasy on top of that.  Coffee was good though.
4	The portions here are huge.  I came in for breakfast and ended up having brunch.  There's no way I could have had another meal at midday.I like the open feel of the dining room with views of the McDowells.  I was here around 9 AM on a Thursday and it wasn't crowded at all.I had the two egg breakfast which came with hash browns, bacon and I subbed the toast for a pancake.  Everything was cooked perfectly.When I'm hungry, this will be my new place for a morning meal.
4	4 stars overall but 5 stars for the Chicken Fried Steak and Egg. yummmy.
4	Good french toast but lacking in eggs
4	I liked it..The patio was very pleasant and the food was good..I got the norm..2 eggs a piece of ham and toast..Im easy when it comes to breakfast ;)
1	Empty tables. Told 15 minute wait. Ok. 5 minutes into wait (by the door, bumping elbows with counter patrons), 2 people at the counter complained they had been there 20 minutes. We left at that point
5	Love this place! Used to come here every Sunday with my husband and always order crying pig omelet, what a great treat for pregnant woman!!! Service is always friendly and fast, we never had to wait.
4	With today being a rainy day in the valley we decided to dine here for breakfast; figuring that there would not be much of a wait. We both had the El Pollo Loco Omelet  which was nice and feeling. And we shared the caramelized banana and pecan brioche french toast, surprisingly the French toast was nice with great depth of flavor and not too sweet. I liked the food here but I wasn't blown away. I say if you close by and want breakfast fare then this is your place but don't drive out of your way if there are other places close by that serve great food.
4	This is my new favorite breakfast place, and my twins not only behaved but they ate very well.  It was awesome to see them eat almost all their food.  I shared 1/2 a portion of the caramelized bananas and pecans brioche french toast with the hubby and had the egg whites asparagus omelet with home fries.  My hubby like my home fries better than his hash browns.  I am sure we will be back soon, there is so much we want to try.
2	Nice portions and friendly service. Good experience but I enjoy other places in the valley for a good breakfast.
4	Over Easy gets a 3 for the food and a 4 for the overall experience. This place is just a couple blocks from my house so we walked there on Saturday morning. The interior is pretty cute and I love the setup. We didn't even have to wait for a table. I got the standard Pancakes, Bacon, Eggs and OJ. The OJ and Bacon were good, but the eggs were a little off and the pancakes were pretty bad actually. Very dry and the syrup was not all that great. I definitely liked being here though, so next time I'll try the french toast. My husband had the waffle dogs (breakfast sausage wrapped in a waffle) and he LOVED them. We'll definitely be back and hopefully the french toast will be better than the pancakes.
4	Over Easy is a cool new breakfast spot. The location is cool being attached to the Ice Den. Our waiter was happy and helpful. We could not decide on a single meal so we split 2.  We enjoyed the Wolfpack and the three eggs w/ steak. The Wolfpack was delicious and the eggs were delicious. The steak was tough and chewy. We will overlook the steak and will be back frequently. The patio is ideal and the views of the McDowell Mountains are good.
5	LOOOOOVE this place - best breakfast around.  Have been here many times, and have brought every single guest who's visited -- and they all rave and talk about going back.  Everything's from scratch and flavorful, and there are some creative takes on the old classics.PLUS - It's right at the hockey rink, so I can lace 'em up to work off the huge portions.
5	We saw them on 2 food network shows so figured it's worth the drive and we were right.  Everything was delicious.  I want to go back and try a couple other menu items but had to go with the waffle dogs.  Amazing.
3	I really wanted to give this place 4 stars, but just couldn't bring myself to do it. Nice enough place and a friendly staff even when slammed on a Sunday morning. But the food was a mixed bag.Ordered three items: Pollo Omelette, Chicken Fried Steak, and of course we had to try the Waffle Dogs.The omelette was a disaster. It might have been the driest omelette I've ever had. No jalepeno or heat to the dish even though that it was a main ingredient. Looked unappetizing when they set the plate on the table.Now to the other side of the spectrum...the chicken fried steak certainly lived up to the hype. Delicious, tender, gravy was perfect consistency and the fried egg on top made this a dish worth going back for.And finally, the waffle dogs. I think my expectations got the better of me here. I was expecting a dish that was going to knock me off my chair, but what I ended up with was glorified, albeit quite tasty, fair food. The sausage could have had a bit more flavoring as it just wasn't savory enough to balance the waffle batter and maple syrup (syrup was delicious, BTW).Conclusion, I will certainly give this place another try. Maybe it was just a bad day for the omelette cook.
5	This place is unreal!! It is so good and its in the rink which makes it even better. I always get the wolf pack. Its a layer of hash browns then a layer of eggs and bacon then another layer of hash browns. It is so good!
5	ANYONE WHO WRITES A BAD REVIEW FOR THIS PLACE IS AN IDIOT!!!!! I have been to culinary school, traveled Europe and love just great food. I am telling you that this is by far the best breakfast place I have ever eaten at. The homemade Country Fried Steak and eggs is my favorite! Brilliant!!!
2	This was incredibly disappointing.  I drive by this place almost every day on my way home from physical therapy, so when it was featured on Doozy of a Deal, I jumped at the chance to buy a coupon. My husband and I came here after hiking in the McDowell Mountain preserve. I had the Mediterranean omelet with a pancake and he had the malted waffle with a side of home fries. My omelet was good, but the cooks foiled my attempt to make it healthy by cooking it in oil. I literally picked up the omelet and put it on a napkin, and the napkin soaked up its oil. Gross. My pancake was very dense and kind of dry. Not light and fluffy like pancakes should be. My husband's waffle was pretty pathetic. Also dense and flavorless. Here's the scary part: the server dropped off the syrup and it was all frothy...we tasted it and we think it was fermenting. If they use real maple syrup and don't refrigerate it, then it will ferment. We had our server bring us another bottle and that one was better. Overall we will not be returning. We would both rather go to iHop than Over Easy.
1	One word to describe Over Easy: disappointing. It would've been an OK breakfast place if it wasn't for all the hype. I've been trying to visit this place since I found out it was on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives, so when I saw the deal on Doozy of a Deal, I purchased it right away. I made my own omelette with chicken, garlic, and spinach. The chicken was overcooked and the omelette and my hash browns were terribly greasy. My cousin ordered The Wolfpack and was also disappointed with her meal. It just didn't seem up to par with a place that was on Food Network.The icing on the cake was the Over Easy Ice, their iced coffee. They could've given me a cup of water and cardamom and it wouldn't have tasted any different. We couldn't wait to get to the car to get some gum, to get the taste out of our mouths and even that didn't help. After reading other people's reviews, it looks like they hardly had any caradmom; so looks like Over Easy needs to figure out a way to uniformly make their coffee.Sorry Over Easy, you were quite disappointing.
5	Easily the best breakfast food ive ever eaten.  And i eat alot of breakfast. I ordered and sampled 5 items with a buddy. The "waffle dogs" are by far the best thing ive eaten ever. They were featured on food network like 10 times!! I now know why. Awesome place and friendly( if that matters) unreal food!  Nuff said would travel 2 hrs for there food.
1	Bad service! The malted waffle for $5.00 looked and tasted like a toaster waffle. We went here because the rating was good but.........
4	We went here because we saw the place on Diners Drive Ins and Dives and figured that if Guy liked it then we had to at least try it.Good food and service. I had the chicken fried steak, which was great and a side of the Jalapeno Bisquit and Gravy, very tasty..The wife enjoyed her 2 egg/bacon breakfast except she was not impressed by the side of chocolate chip pancakes. Our son enjoyed his Wolf Pack meal. We also went to their other location for breakfast on our 3rd monring and I dont know why but the food is much better here than it is at the other location. The hash browns tasted different and the gravy at the other location was terrible. I would have thought they would have some standards they would follow seeing how its the same establishment.While the place is a little spendy, it was worth it, at least at this location. Will I go back when in Phoenix? You betcha!
5	The low ratings blow my mind for over easy. I thought I was a huge, picky, food snob. I have to admit, if I rated this place about 8 months ago when I first went, it would have been 3 stars due to let down. First time, I tried the over easy and had the waffle dogs for a breakfast dessert. Both of them were just meh...nothing to write home to Mom about. I decided to stop back in about 2 months later because I was driving by. Glad I did! The wolf pack with goat cheese blew my mind. Went back a few days later, country fried chicken blew my mind. Same story again for the eggs and sirloin, and jalapeno biscuits. I have yet to have something bad on the menu with the exception of the over easy and the waffle dogs. Especially considering the price and I can sit at the bar there and stare at McDowell Mountain while I eat breakfast for the same price I'd pay at a Denny's without the creepy Denny's patrons there-hard to find much to complain about here!
1	I went to new location so excited.. What I found was today at 8:30 am was a rude waitress and manager more intrested in eating his breakfast. The waffle dogs was dry and the piggy thing was rubber. I was super let down at this place. Never again!
2	NEEDS A NAME CHANGE ....... to Over RatedA military mess hall, has more class then this anomaly.    OVERLY rated ......    OVERLY poor service .......    OVERLY misrepresented by the Food Network    OVERLY priced .......    OVERLY praised ......    OVERLY poor location ......    OVERLY not worth another visit .......I can only OVERLY warn others .......... To stay away..My Ethics .... My Standards:Every business starts with one star ..... GETTING MORE .... HAS TO BE EARNED.
3	Been wanting to try this place since my brother saw it on TV. That said, I believe it is EXTREMELY unfair to jack up your expectations just because a restaurant was on TV. Come on people! There are so many  food shows on the air these days that soon it will be more common to NOT have been featured on Some Food Show than the other way around!While I concur with many fellow reviewers that the place did not bowl me over and was a bit pricey, I did have great service and good food overall.The specifics:SERVICE: Prompt, friendly, suggestive and accomodating. FOOD: I always appreciate a place that lets me order "fatty" or "soft" bacon. I also liked that I could order 2 slices or 4 (4 of course! Bacon is Meat Candy after all). The Brioche French Toast with carmelized bananas and pecans was just okay. The bread was light and soft so as not to be so filling that I couldn't finish it but caremelized shouldn't mean sitting in carmel sauce. There should be some crispy, pan-fried texture to it and there wasn't so I was disappointed. It tasted like a canned sauce. Not good enough, especially being that this was one of their signature dishes. Orange Juice and coffee were both fresh and I got lucky and wasn't charged for both so my bill was about $3 less than it should've been, which means my breakfast would've been about $21 with tip for one person. That's a bit high, although it is Scottsdale so I let that go.SETTING/DECOR: Clean, diner-like setting with great mountain views.OVERALL: Not bad. I would return if/when I'm in the area. I look forward to trying some of the other items on the menu.
4	Saw this place on 3D (Diner, Drive-ins, Dives) and took the long way home from Vegas (to San Diego) just to try it.  Well worth it.  The French Toast was really really really good.  The best thing any of us ordered were the Waffle Dogs.  Also one of the best Bloody Marias I've had.  Worth the extra drive.
3	The first time we went to Over Easy, the food was wonderful and we couldn't wait to go back... However, the last two times have been very lacking. I think a small step would be for the water not to taste like a tap (very metal tasting). This, unfortunately, was the only consistency from our thee visits. This last time I had their waffle-sausage dogs, but this was so overly sweet I was only able to eat one. This item should be on the kids menu or perhaps pairing it with something a little more bland to offset the sweetness (for adults, remember) it wouldn't have been so nauseatingly sweet. The lat time we went I had their "over easy" entree. The bread was soggy with spinach water and I couldn't eat it. I made the best out of it by scrapping off the egg and spinach and ate just that. And, in case you were curious, the first time we went was before this place appeared on TV. I had the Chilaquiles and he had the Cheddar-Jalapeno biscuits & sausage gravy. And both were very good (5-star good, which is why this review is a 3 star instead of a 2).  Also, this place has been a lot busier since they were on TV. Maybe after some of the hype goes down, I'll try it again and hopefully can give a better rating. I really want to like this place again.
3	3.5 starsConsidering we walked in 15 minutes to close, the workers were very nice about letting us in. Simple looking restaurant with good food. The caramelized banana & pecan brioche French toast was really good and the portion was huge! It's pretty sweet so you have to be in the mood for it. I ordered the mediterranean omelet which was good. We also ordered a side of sausages which were decent. Overall a decent breakfast spot with decent service.
4	I've been here twice and both times enjoyed my food and service.  It seems the people most disappointed were the ones who saw the place on TV or had a coupon.  Maybe that's why I liked it so much.  Neither one of those applied to me so I wasn't expecting to be served golden eggs on a silver platter for half price.  I just expected a good breakfast and they delivered with great service both times.  I've had an omelet and the jalapeno cheddar biscuits and gravy.  Both very yummy.  The biscuits and gravy is a very large serving and I prefer mine with eggs.  It was waaaaaay too much food.  Both times I had the iced coffee and I thought it was great iced coffee.  To those comments about just asking for coffee and putting ice in it.... wouldn't that make an iced coffee?  If you want an iced latte or frappucino, you should go to Starbucks.  If you want an iced coffee, rather than hot, with your delicious breakfast, order the iced coffee at Over Easy. I can't wait to try so many other things on the menu.  Like chicken and waffles, waffle dogs, brioche stack, or the chilaquiles.  I'm pretty certain I won't be disappointed by any of them.
5	Came here on a Sunday afternoon around 1pmish and didn't realize they close at 2p. We managed to get a table but had to wait for about 20 minutes or so.My girlfriend and I ordered a lot of food to try different things. Everyone said to order the waffle dogs so we did. I ordered a breakfast sandwich and my friend ordered the brioche french toast. We could tell our waiter was in a bad mood so we made it our goal to put a smile on his face. After being nice to him, we managed to get him to smile and service was much better afterwards.The coffee was just OK nothing spectacular. The best thing I ordered was the SWEET POTATO TOTS.
4	I really like this restaurant and previously had just gone to their Arcadia location. The Scottsdale location is close to work so I gave it a try with an deal I bought (which reminds me that I have one more left!). I got the same thing that I order at the other location: Mediterranean omelet with egg whites (no extra charge), spinach and feta. I was happy to see that the preperation was consistent. I also ordered the 1/2 Brioche French Toast. God, it was delicious. Thank goodness for the healthier omelet.  Service was great (I went at lunchtime during the week) and very attentive. I would definitely go back. My bill was just under $14 so I was pleased.
4	Was in town for business and I knew I would not be able to go to lunch.  Saw this place on DDD and it was well worth it!!  the portions are very generous.  The French Toast is OUTRAGEOUS!  It may be a bit to sweet for some folks but it is divne!!!  The omlettes are extremly good and very good service.  Have been back two more times as a good AM meal will get you through a long day in a computer data center.  Over Easy is well worth it!!
1	Food was overpriced and mediocre at best.  Service was horrid.  We were greeted by one, order was taken by our main server, and food was served by yet another.  That and our actual server came back one time to ask if we needed anything, deemed our request unimportant and proceeded to never come back, but instead talked to the table behind us the whole time.  Won't be coming back.
2	Fell into the "it was on Food Network so let's visit" trap. It was an okay breakfast, but the service was pretty lackluster. Not worth driving from Phoenix for the food, however; the drive itself is very nice and they have a lovely patio on which you can eat your eggs.
4	Thank you triple D. Because of you we tried this place and loved it! Fresh ingredients. Attentive staff. All around, yum! 2 of the people in my party got the Carmel banana pancakes, the half order. So delicious!!! I got the Selena which I liked that I could customize it just for me. $3 bloody Mary's. You simply cannot go wrong.
4	Went here on a promo, so I was a bit skeptical.  This food is awesome.  It's a great take on breakfast but what makes it different is how goooood the food is.  I had the chicken fried steak and eggs and it was perfect and delicious.  Better than I have had anywhere else.  I went with a coffee snob and he enjoyed their regular coffee, which was also an added bonus. Service is excellent, you will never be in need of anything.  The place is tiny, tiny, so expect a wait.  That's the major draw back.
3	If you are not here by 9 am or so, expect a wait. Even the call ahead for a large group was futile. We still had to wait 30 minutes. Definitely try the Wolfpack if you are watching your figure, Your figure expand!! This thing is awesome! The brioche french toast is delish as is the Hopple Popple and the Over Easy...i think that is what it is called with brioche, spinach and poached egg. Sometimes things come out in pieces like sides first, then entrees or vice versa. Patio seating nice too.
4	I went here with a friend because I saw it on a show on the food network. I didn't get what was featured but i got the salmon lox with fruit which was delicious. The egg looked really nice and the salmon tasted soft and tender. I was expecting lox but it was cooked but tasted fine. Also got the cheddar jalapeno biscuits with gravy. the gravy had bacon and thick pieces of sausage. The biscuits were ok. They could ahve had more taste to it. I couldn't really taste the jalapeno. Overall, it was a good experience.
2	The restaurant was very slow at clearing tables and seating people. At one point, there were 5 different tables open and a 30-40 minute wait. Once you are seated the food was quick to come. The food was ok, but not worth a long and unorganized wait.
2	I went here with my hubby on a Saturday morning and there were a lot of people outside that were waiting for a table.  I walked up to the waitress stand and we were seated right away.  I guess everyone else had a party greater than 2 people.  Hubby ordered the Wolfpack, I ordered the corned beef hash, and we shared an order of the Waffle dogs.  The waffle dogs came out first - it was the best thing I have ever had for breakfast.  It was like a hot dog on a stick but they were breakfast sausage on a stick, dipped in waffle batter and fried.  I could only eat one because it was so rich and dense, but delicious.  Then came our food.  I like butter on my food, but there was an overwhelming amount of butter on the hashed browns and on the corned beef, that it was way too icky.  I could only eat about 5 bites and I was done.  Hubby said the same with his wolf pack breakfast that it was drenched sigh too much butter.  Overall, it was pricey for the food that I thought was so-so.  I would maybe come back for the waffle dogs, but I'm not sure if my stomach can handle that much better again.
5	Great diner! I think I will have to come back many more times just to try all of the breakfast entrees! Had the Wolfpack and it was pure man breakfast! Had great service and felt well taken care of. Make sure you make the effort to seek this great breakfast diner if you are in north Scotsdale.  This place is kinda small, so I could see how it could fill up fast. I was there at around 7:30am on a Saturday, and it was not busy, but started to slowly fill up as I devoured my Wolfpack and enjoyed my coffee.
3	This place COULD be really, really good... but it's basically just OK and not worth the money.  The place obviously uses high-quality ingredients and has some nice ideas on the menu, but the cooking is a bit sloppy, and the atmosphere wasn't for me.  I'll give it another try when I have a hangover - maybe that's the right fit.Went here with the wife & toddler on a Saturday morning.  Food---------------------------I had the Wolfpack - Eggs, Cheese, Bacon sandwiched between layers of hashbrowns - and a slice of french toast.  The wife had blueberry pancakes and bacon, and chocolate chip pancakes for the little one.  2 coffees, an OJ, and an apple juice ($35 before tax/tip - mildly high for breakfast).  My wolfpack was generally yummy, but the eggs were a total disappointment.  A place called Over Easy should be able to make eggs over easy, right?  Nope.  Fried egg (no sign of liquidity or even softness in the yolk).  The french toast was made of an obviously high-quality brioche, but hardly battered and neither soaked nor cooked through.  Bummer - woulda been really good :-(.  The blueberry pancakes were tasty, but one was uncooked - literally cut in and watch batter run out.  Bacon was thick, high-quality, cooked nicely, and generally good, but nothing special.Service---------------------------No real wait and seated fairly promptly, if clumsily.  Hostess was pleasant, but seemed a bit confused/frazzled.  Server was prompt.  We did not have any issues, but the staff seemed, frankly, a bit depressed.  Not a lot of smiles except from two guys apparently expediting (looked like brothers - maybe owners family?).Atmosphere:  ---------------------------This is probably someone's lifestyle or keep-the-kids-busy business.  It's a relatively small dining room - not sure if they use the connected area (a sister place called 18 Degrees) for breakfast - with small octagonal white tile - Who uses white tile in a restaurant?  I'm sure they mop every night, but it was looking like a public restroom floor when we got there.  The decor is sort of retro/weathered, but just looked confused.  The staff was made up  of mostly young servers/bussers wearing simple company t-shirts and jeans (some of the ladies wore shorts).  The male staff was noticeably unkempt (maybe that's just fashionable these days) with long, uncombed haircuts that had you looking for hair in your plate.  Lots 3-day shadows with untucked shirts and ripped jeans - with the notable exception the aforementioned expediters - one of whom wore a red shirt (all other staff in black) and a hat.  Interesting.  Noticeably, most of the staff seemed a bit down (not bad, just low energy, not having fun) - with the exception of the two brothers who seemed to be having a good time - but not exactly working a lot.  It really doesn't seem like a for-profit business to be honest.  I suspect it's a great place to be when hungover.
5	This is a great breakfast place... A simple easy to follow menu with nothing but fresh made ingredients.  I had the hash and eggs and we shared a half order of the French Toast.  All was really well prepared the caramel sauce is well worth the extra buck for the French Toast.Staff was great and knew the menu well.  Portion sizes are huge (my wife got the wolfpack and I think it had 1 1/2 pounds of hash browns.  Nice breakfast, nice service, nice environment = a great breakfast
5	Amazing, and original, try a number of dishes family style and don't miss the waffle dogs!
2	They don't have soymilk. Or any non-dairy options for coffee. But...isn't this a breakfast/MORNING ONLY restaurant? And aren't we in North Scottsdale? Just checking. They do have a coffee on the menu that sounds delicious, but is of course "already made" and they can't serve it without the condensed milk. I would have totally ordered it and went without milk if it meant I could partake in the yummy-sounding cardamom and cinnamon infusion, but alas, they said it was already all pre-made. Anyway, we had to wait about 15 minutes for a table in a space that seems like it could easily fit ten more tables in there (I only walked in the first room, not the second one), so it just felt oddly empty. Service was nice, everyone was friendly, food didn't take too long, and the food was pretty good.I ordered an egg white omelet with spinach, asparagus, and mushrooms, with a side of sweet potato tots. The tots were alright, but not nearly as delicious as I'd hoped. Something about them was off. Omelet was fresh and tasty, but swimming in butter/oil (order it dry if you're watching your calories!).My friend and I split a 1/2 order of the caramelized banana and pecan french toast. I have to give the restaurant credit for offering half orders of ANYTHING, but especially for something so heavy and delicious sounding. Don't you hate going to brunch and having to decide between being healthy or a total glutton? I only ended up eating a few bits of the cloyingly sweet french toast, which wasn't the worst I've had but I certainly wouldn't order it again (and I LOVE sweets). Also, *they close at 1pm*, and we were still eating at 1:10 and were probably the last people in there-they clear it out by closing time! This is NOT the place for a lazy Sunday morning brunch, unless of course you are a very early riser.I would only go back to try out their infamous waffle dog, but I need to be up super early and bring my own coffee if I plan to go for brunch one weekend!
1	Was such a bad restaurant that my mom got physically sick after eating the Chicken Fried Steak. I had the Malted Waffle and it was no better (or bigger) than an Eggo waffle. Very disappointing.
5	The food is great, the service was quick and Sam the manager was a sweetheart! We will go back...oh, and if there's a wait you can order a bloody mary or mimosa and sit outside to wait.
4	This is kind of a tucked away cafe surrounded by a busy ice rink and health club. It's an odd location for sure, but closer to my house than the one in Arcadia. We came here just before 1pm on a Saturday afternoon. We mistakenly thought it closed at 2pm but it turned out to be the Arcadia location. Another mistake was assuming their menus would be the same. Unfortunately, the eggs benedict weren't on the menu at this location. Slightly dissappointed, we made the most of brunch by ordering a side order of french toast on brioche bread along with a Selena burrito, Dolly egg sandwich, and Patsy egg sandwich. I ordered the tater tots with my sandwich but upon further inspection of the menu, wished I tried the sweet potato tots! My friend tried the home style potatoes with her sandwich. Both the egg sandwiches were stuffed. The Dolly sandwich with bacon was excellent--very filling, not too greasy. The Selena burrito was huge and my friend could barely finish hers. The brioche french toast was good as well, with a nice thick piece of bread. My two galpals also ordered some mimosas and bloodymarys. They said both were good--I liked the bloodymary more myself. I'll have to try their cold coffee next time--anything with condensed milk has to taste delicious!
4	Went with the waffle dogs..suggest you maybe split it with someone( eat two fast!) and order a breakfast entree
4	I'm a sucker for restaurants/chefs that have been featured on The Food Network or Top Chef. I'm also a sucker for a hearty breakfast. Over Easy fits the bill for both.We arrived around 10:30a & only had to wait about 10 minutes. I ordered the Tammy (egg whites with spinach, Swiss cheese, garlic and onion on an English muffin) & Ryan ordered the Cheddar-Jalapeno biscuits & sausage gravy. Next time I'm getting those waffle dogs.My sandwich was delish & the sweet potato tater tots were amazing. Big portion but definitely doable if you're hungry. I tried some of Ryan's plate & it was phenomenal. We were on the hunt in Minneapolis for the best biscuits & gravy and this place would have won that competition.  This is the type of place I'll bring visitors to so they think I'm in the know :)
5	Great breakfast place. They use local Hickman eggs, the coffee is very flavorful, and the menu has something that should satisfy everyone. Very friendly and efficient service too.
5	To tell you the truth, I'm never disappointed here or the one in Phoenix.  Always a special treat to eat here.
1	was very amped to try this spot after seeing it on Food Network, my expectations were not at all met! i would like to know how they ever got on diner, drive-ins and dives in the first place! i ordered the strawberries and creme waffle and it was a joke. ridiculously small for 9 dollars! also i had to ask for syrup!! what diner serves a waffle with NO syrup?! i also decided to try the fresh lemonade and that was a mistake as well. the mint added to it is overpowering, it tasted like facewash. i changed my lemonade for some fresh OJ, slightly better but not what fresh orange juice should taste like, it was quite bitter. overall i wouldn't go back here even if my friends were paying.
1	Want to find out how to ruin something as simple as corned beef hash?? Come to Over Easy to find out!! Wooo Hooo!  Wish Yelp had a NO star option.
2	Finally tried this place after passing it weekly for the last year or so. Atmosphere is pretty cool, but food lacked any special quality. Large glass of orange juice was nearly $6.00...WITHOUT the vodka (lol)! Hash browns were kind of burned, and small portion to boot. Probably won't go back, as there are so many other breakfast places nearby that are much better.
5	I went there this morning with a friend who has managed upscale restaurants and has owned her own restaurant.  We were greeted right away, and asa soon as we sat down a waitress came by for our coffee order which she promptly brought to us.  The waitress gave us just enough time to peruse the menu before asking for our requests. I ordered the Pig omelet with hash browns, my friend ordered the Mediterranean omelet with home fries.  It seemed like we could barely start talking when the orders arrived.  The meals were huge and presented nicely.  My friend commented that it was the hottest omelet she had ever been served and it was perfect.  Same thing with my omelet, it was very hot as were the hash browns and everything was excellent.  So for the fast, friendly, efficient service and the great food we give this place 5 stars because it well deserved.
1	Very disappointing morning.  Wanted a great breakfast, but instead received NO service.  Waited 10 minutes to get waited on - and nobody came over to even say hello.  The place was not busy - 5 tables of people with over 5 staff available.  Had to leave after nobody could even say hello.  Sorry to say....won't be back.
5	Amazing food, with a great staff, makes this my favorite breakfast spot. My favorite is brioche french toast with caramelized bananas and pecans. Selena is great if you're looking for a breakfast burrito.
4	Saw this place on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives and had to come try the brioche french toast. We went on a week day and it wasn't very crowded. Everyone seemed to enjoy their food that I was with (people got omelet, the Wolfpack (hash browns with eggs and bacon in between more hash browns) though noone thought it was outstanding.The brioche french toast I had came with caramelized bananas and pecans and I had to ask for more bananas because I literally was brought 3-4 small slices of banana on top of my french toast and the pecans were all bits and pieces. To their credit, they brought me out a lot more bananas and they were caramelized and in the caramel sauce.I would definitely return.
3	I stopped here after seeing on their online menu the "Over Easy Ice" - Cold brewed coffee with cinnamon & cardamom, mixed with sweetened condensed milk & mint. I was on a Thai Coffee kick and thought this would be similar (having condensed milk). I decided to order to go, since I was on my way to work and lucky I did because the entire place was packed for breakfast. Unfortunately, the iced coffee was a huge disappointment. I'm not sure if it was because I ordered it to go or if the waiter was new and didn't know how to make it. I watched him get iced coffee, put half and half in it and then call it complete. There was no condensed milk used at all and I couldn't taste the cardamom or mint. The sourdough toast I ordered was good, nice thick slices and tasted homemade. I also liked that they gave me some jam. It's close to work, so I'll have to come back and do a sit down meal to get the whole experience.
4	Had 2 egg special w steak & home fries. Waitress was polite, friendly & helpful. Wait for food was not long considering they were almost full. Eggs done the way I ordered. Home fries not greasy or over cooked. Steak was exactly as ordered with no fat. For some reason I also got 2 pieces of bacon which were not crisp, but hey who's going to complain about free food. All in all a good experience. No comment on price since I think everything in Scottsdale is to high. Place was clean but decor was blah. Portion size what you would expect for breakfast.
3	Walked in on a Thursday at 10 AM.  Half-empty, so we sat down, checked the menu, ordered, and received our drinks in 5 minutes.  MAYBE 5 minutes later the food arrived.  Coffee cake was phenomenal--even though it appears it is "outsourced" from another bakery.  Chilaquiles were pretty good--VERY spicy.  Chicken Fried Steak was OK--gravy was loaded with bacon rather than the normal sausage I'm used to.  Ham steak very tasty.  Overall a pretty good dining experience.  Very eclectic interior--warm, lots of light, very clean.  Friendly staff and lightning-fast service.
3	What was Guy Fieri smoking? This place is beyond average.We went to Over Easy because it was the near our hotel and usually when Triple D visits a place it's more often than not good. We walked in the door and sat straight down. Good start. The waitress was friendly and refilled our coffee 3 times throughout the meal. Another plus.When I eat out for breakfast it's got to be blueberry waffles. To my dismay it was not on the menu. I requested it from the waitress and she said it would be no problem. 15 minutes later she returns and tells me, "the Chef says he can't do it". I wasn't even given a reason why not and offered blueberries on the side which I agreed to. When I get my plate, I get a singular waffle about 4 inches in length with raw blueberries on the side. The waffle was bland even with the packaged butter and syrup provided. On the side I also had some tater-tots which were about an inch in size and were pretty crispy. I would get the tots again.Upon getting the bill, my waffle with blueberries on the side was $9.50 plus tax. Was it worth $9.50? You already know the answer.On the flip side, my brother ordered the "2 Egg breakfast".  He got a full plate of food with hash browns, eggs, toast and bacon for only $7.50. He gave me some to compensate for my own lack of food and it was not bad, but not great either.Location = B; it's far from the Phoenix metro and is really far north of Scottsdale.Service = A for the waitress; C for the cookTaste = C ; a step better than a Denny's or IHOPConclusion::::: If you can't find anywhere better for breakfast in Scottsdale, make sure you don't order the waffles. I think most would be OK with the portion of the other platters.
1	Just noticed they removed my comments from FB so here is what you should know:I live close to the Ice Den location so go here and 18 degrees frequently.  Was impressed and very fond of this breakfast joint at first but the quality has taken a SERIOUS nose dive over the past few months.  Was there about 2 weeks ago and ordered the Diners, Drive In and Dives recommended chicken fried steak and eggs and it was the most grizzled piece of mystery meat i have ever had.  I ate a quarter of it and told the manager and he could have given a s**t!  I still paid for the whole thing and gave a good tip because the servers here are really great but the food is now worse than I use to get in basic training at Ft. Leonard Wood 15 years ago.  Do yourself a favor and drive a little farther down to Butterfields on Shea and skip this Diner, Drive In and Dump!
4	Very good.  There is usually a wait if you are there before noon.  Worth the wait though.  Banana french toast is good and not overly sweet - half order is fine!  Wolfpack is good but it is a hellalotta food.  Will try the waffle dogs next time (I think that's what they were called!)  Good service always.
4	Had lunch here after a hike.  The menu looked great.  Very limited (maybe 20 items) but all sounded and looked amazing.  Tried the sausage wrapped pancakes, I think that's what it was called.  AWESOME!  Had the breakfast burrito , you build your self, really good also.  Perfect for after a morning hike!
4	Really good breakfast joint. Was going to go to the Phoenix location, then found out there was a closer location over by Bell & the 101 in North Scottsdale. As, I am an avid fan of the Food Network and Guy Fieri, I had to try this place as its been on both DD&D, and BTIEA. I tried the featured Waffle Dogs as an appetizer and found them to be really good. The sausage is very good quality, large and juicy. The batter was light and airy. They are served with syrup, though personally I would like to try them with ketchup instead. I then decided to satisfy my sweet craving with the half order of caramelized banana and pecan french toast. I enjoyed the dish very much, neither the bananas or the syrup was overpowering, it was a very nice balance, and the bread was soft and warm and just delicious. Next time I go I am going to try the chicken fried steak & eggs! Oh ya.
4	Great breakfast joint!  I've eaten there twice and have recommended it to a few friends, and all have loved it.  The Hopple Popple is my favorite, and the portions are huge!  Not the greasy spoon that you often see when dining out for breakfast.
4	Wolfpack is definitely something to howl about.  Big, hot, and delicious.A little disappointed at the lack of hollandaise sauce optioned meals at this location, but there was still a ton to choose from.Service was quick and efficient which was nice because the place was packed.
2	i did not like this place.  Went to try it out because of all the talk. Got pancakes they were served with raw batter in the middle, not fully cooked.  Waitress sort of rolled her eyes, was not too apologetic.  Normally for any upscale place the manager would come over and apologize.  Nothing from this place.  Brought out more pancakes later after we had already eaten everything else.  Nothing taken off the bill for this whole fiasco.  SKIP this place, they are busy and don't care so maybe the shoudl be LESS busy...
3	I think my girlfriend and I came here with too high of expectations.  She saw it featured on The Food Network, so we drove out to give it a try.  We were pleasantly surprised there wasn't a wait, but immediately started to regret not waiting for a table on the patio, since the inside dining room was filled with screaming kids (one of which was laying on the floor until his Mom forced him back in his seat).  I tried one of their signature dishes - The Wolfpack.  It was different and very filling, but not amazing.  My girlfriend got the Over Easy which she wasn't impressed with either.  I think we'll stick to the amazing brunch spots in Old Town.
4	My wife and I wanted to have a nice Sunday breakfast and head to Over Easy in North Scottsdale. There was a 20 minute wait which we expected, but the waitress sat us down inside about ten minutes in. The waitress we had was very nice. I know we've had her before, but I'm blanking on her name. Anyway, I got the Wolfpack, which is a favorite of mine. My wife got an omelete. I felt like being a pig so I ordered one Waffle Dog. When the food came, I got a whole plate of them. This was a mistake, but this was taken care of by the restaurant. They only charged me for the one and were very apologetic about the mistake. I offered the waitress one but she declined. I only wanted one! They're good! My wife got their ice coffee which I took a sip of and did not like. I don't think the cardamom inside it agreed with me.I like this location much better than the 40th street and Indian School one. The people here are more friendly and the food taste better here for some reason.
1	I went here and got the chicken fried chicken and waffle wanting some good ole southern comfort food for breakfast. Boy was I shocked when a tiny, thin, breaded piece of chicken came on a over cooked flat waffle. I swear this was a large frozen chicken mcnugget on a plate. The service was good and the decor was nice but this was easily the worst breakfast I have ever had at a restaurant. I will never go here again.
2	Not very good.  Service wasn't very good. Waitress wasn't that friendly.  Pancakes were terrible, hashbrowns had no taste to them and a large OJ was $6!! WHAT THE?! My husband got the chiliqilas (sp?) and they were really good! I wouldn't go here again.
5	Stopped in for breakfast while in the area. Excellent food, service and clean.I had the Chicken Fried Steak with hash browns and two eggs.Everything on the plate was excellent.My only complaint was with me. I spilled gravy on my shirt and my shirt did not appreciate it as much as my taste buds.
5	It's always a good sign when the parking lot is full and this was case at this place. I had the Selena which was a breakfast burrito which included egg, hash browns and a choice of three items from the omelette menu. I opted for my hash browns to be on the outside and not inside of the burrito and the burrito was still huge.  This place is a must if you're looking for a great breakfast, a lot to choose from.
5	A great place for a great breakfast. I am so glad it is so close to where we live. Not fancy,but very good food and service.
4	Was grabbin a bite to eat with a buddy of mine and he recommended this place. I didnt have high hopes cause he kinda sucks when it comes to food. We were able to get a seat right when we arrived. They dont really clean up well since there was maple syrup all over my side of the table. They were busy and i was hungry. I looked around to see what everyone else was eating, and everything looked damn good. While i was trying to make a choice of what i wanted, one of the people at the table next to me got a mexican dish with chips and sauce all over it with eggs on top. It looked awesome and I had to get it. I also tried their Over easy coffee i think its called. It wasnt that great at all, nothing special in my mind. I got my mexican breakfast and it exceeded my expectations.Service was good, food was great, i cant wait to go back and try everything else on their menu.
2	Went here because of seeing it on food network. I find it highly overrated. If I had a kid who was always playing at ice den, I would probably go here often for convenience.  It's basic, super greasy, not healthy at all breakfast but definitely would not go out of my way to get here. It was fine, Denny's is better. I tried to be healthy and ordered something with spinach and eggs but my dish and toast was actually watery from the spinach I think.
3	This is a great breakfast place, but....I've gone to Over Easy a couple of times and had a very good breakfast. They have a hungry-man breakfast called the Wolfpack, and if you are a real beast they have a XL Wolfpack. It is a tasty combo of eggs and bacon sandwiched between two healthy portions of crispy hash browns. My guests had the pancakes that were large and fluffy.My only complaint with Overeasy is the butt screwing price they charge for a cup of tea, $3.25. That is a reaming worse than Starbucks. Too bad OverEasy, your food is very good but when you sneak up from the rear and stick it too customers with something like $3.25 for tea you will see a loss of regular and returning customers.
3	Convenient location to my office in NoSco. I've been meaning to try this place based on DDD, Best Thing, and I believe a "Best Of" nod in the Republic. I'm a huge fan of breakfast - even on my lunch break!The location was quite small - much smaller than I envisioned. It was clean, bright, welcoming and there was a nice patio that I wouldn't mind trying out in the fall.The waitress was at my table within a couple of minutes so +1 there.The music was a little loud and people seemed to be striving to talk over it; the bartender (?) sang along with a song or two which made it even louder. At least she had a good voice. But for those of us who cherish a good book, it was not conducive to that type of relaxation.I ordered the traditional ("Trad") benedict. I asked for the eggs to be poached medium well; not a huge fan of the runny egg, but still a huge fan of the benedict. Over Easy nailed it on cooking the egg, so another +1.There was a scant smattering of Hollandaise on the plate - barely enough to cover each benedict. Mind you, I don't like my bene's drowned in Hollandaise - I know what the stuff is made out of - but there was really not enough there to judge how good it was. As we all know - the sauce makes or breaks a benedict. Since there was so little there, it broke it - regardless of how well the egg was cooked to my specifications.The hash browns were disappointing. Nothing inherently "wrong" with them, but nothing right either. They were barely browned and only my own addition of a touch of salt and a lot of pepper gave them any flavor. In and out of there in a great amount of time so you know they understand and appreciate the business luncher. Thanks OE for that.
4	I visited for the second time yesterday and had a wonderful breakfast. Chicken fried steak is one of the best I've ever had. You can never leave this place hungry that's for sure!
4	This is not the store that Guy likes so much on DDD but a companion. Parking is often an issue. Staff is nice, helpful, etc, and they are attentive to the customers. I suppose part of that is to keep us moving. There is usually a wait.  The food is plentiful. I had the chicken fried steak first time and it was good, not great. Second time was bacon and eggs and hash browns.  Good, not great. Friends had other breakfast choices and were happy. None of us tried the wolf pack which is large and enormous portions. The other day we tried another place for breakfast and decided we need to go back here.
4	Small diner type place but good quality food. I've had a breakfast burrito and biscuits and gravy. Both had good flavor and you can tell are made with quality product. They do serve Mimosas and bloody Mary's. This place has been on a few shows on food network and for good reason. Service wasn't the best I've ever had but it was decent. It was pretty quite when we were there so I don't think there was any reason not to have superb service.
3	Here we are at another DDD visited restaurant...Melissa, our server, offered a bubbly good morning and After the customary 10 minute wait. (No wait usually means not great)Coffee full bodied and rich, diet coke properly carbonated.Our eggs were delivered so fast I only got three sentences of this review completed before arrival.Our glasses were always kept full!Nice breakfast place.
4	Rebecca's reviews: parent edition. My parents watch a lot of food network, so they insisted we stop in! This place is oh so cute. My parents were pleased, they said they couldn't see the restaurant decor around Guy Fieri's spiky hair on the tv.Anyway. The food was good! Especially the waffle dogs, basically a state fair deep fried breakfast sausage. Delicious. The eggs Benedict was done to perfection. My dad says "the eggs properly drained when pierced with a fork" and "good amalgamation of flavors." My mom says "Tom! Who describes things that way!?" I got the chilaquiles, which were the only "meh" of the day. We came to the consensus that they could use more eggs and salsa.Overall a good breakfast with many more interesting menu items I want to try. Would you go back? "Yes!" Mom says. "If she says so," Dad says.
5	Really enjoyed this breakfast spot!  We sat on the patio and took in the view.  The food was really good!  I had a breakfast sandwich called the Dolly.  My friend had the Mediterranean omelet.  We both really enjoyed our food.  My friend commented that the coffee was really good.  The waitress was really attentive and nice.Great experience all around!  We are so glad we found this spot for breakfast via Yelp!I want to mention they're only open until noon.
3	The breakfast burrito was okay and for this reason I felt it was overpriced. The location next to Ice Den and the operating hours are really great. The staff are friendly and the service was fast.
3	The place always has good food however my breakfast the other day wasn't consistent.  Of my poached eggs, one was hard and the other medium, which is how I like them.  I consider myself lucky because I forgot to specify how I wanted them cooked and the server never asked.  I did ask for my hashbrowns crispy and that was not the case.  They were fresh and tasty but not crispy at all.  Lastly the grilled ham in my benedict was lukewarm.Over Easy always used great ingredients and their dishes have great flavor but this is the first of my dozen visits that it was inconsistent.  I'll be back and hope they've sorted it out otherwise i'll have to let them know.
5	Food was really fast and tasted amazing. Big portions, we actually shared the WolfPack. We recommend it to all for a great, quick breakfast that fills you up!
5	Consistently great breakfast Spot!! They serve up dishes that are familiar but with a twist. We had The Wolf Pack & Pat T's scramble, new on the menu with eggs, elbow macaroni, bacon, onion and garlic. Both were delicious and nothing was leftover!This is a wonderful local breakfast place!!
2	I really, truly wanted to love this place!  I found it online for my husband's birthday breakfast.  He has been searching EVERYWHERE for a correctly cooked over easy egg - outside of MY kitchen of course ;)   It seemed charming, interesting and the menu was promising.  The food was just so-so, all of it.  Mostly because it was lukewarm and had a few no-no's.  The benedict was good except for the squishy English muffins that didn't seem toasted.  The hash browns were mushy and cold on both plates.  The strawberry waffle was also cold and had one brown strawberry.  My husband ordered over easy eggs which had raw egg white.  However the eggs were replaced at his request with a better set.  The coffee was really good and the service was as well.  I think the locals love this place, we barely beat the rush...The food came out quickly, which may have been the problem.  It wasn't more than 5 minutes since we had ordered, and clearly wasn't enough time to cook it fresh or even keep it hot.  The worst part about all of it was that with some really easy and quick remedies this could have been an amazing breakfast, worth the price we paid.  A toasted muffin, a few more seconds on the heat, a berry tossed into the trash - voila, Saturday morning magic instead of Saturday morning tragic...My husband is STILL searching for a restaurant that can cook an egg.... over easy.
2	Workers were friendly but forgot to bring the coffee drink my husband ordered. Also I should have listened to the more recent reviews people had about the food. The potatoes were not crispy and overall food was disappointing. My husband got a side of sausage and they looks a bit under done in the middle. The French toast with banana was pretty good but definitely will not be returning.
5	Best breakfast in the Valley!!  We go weekly.  We like the home fries and country eggs Benedict.
4	Let me clarify one thing. Breakfast is my favorite meal but I never real make it out for breakfast cause I like to sleep in on the weekends. Saying this. I was watching Triple D on the Food Network and saw this place. Home made everything. So the next day I had to go out of my way for brunch to try this place out. OE was hard to find but it's between the Ice Den and Mountainside Fitness. There was so many good dishes on Triple D I couldn't decide. So I went with Chicken Fried Steak, scrambled eggs, and hash browns. All I have to say is oh my gosh Yum Yum. CFS was so good but the gravy made it great. Gravy was home made with chunks of sausage. The hash browns are home made too and outstanding. My wife had the home made corn beef hash with poached eggs, and sweet potato tots. Great dish too. CFH was really good and the tots was really delish. My daughter had the Wolfpack with hash browns, eggs and bacon. She gobbled it down and the bacon was thick and really good. Service was really good. We only had to wait a few minutes to get our table. Once seated, we were served right away. Drinks were refilled on a regular basis. Brunch was so good. I can't wait to go again and try more dishes. All I can say is great breakfast joint so enjoy.
4	Great food and great service! I bring my family here every time they come in from out of town and they look forward to it! My brothers favorite are the waffle dog's.
4	Went here for breakfast today with some friends. I had the corned beef hash with eggs and hash browns, the portion was generous and it was very good. Service was excellent and since it was such a nice day we ate out on the patio. They have some really cool stuff on the menu and are famous for their waffle dogs, which is a cooked sausage link dipped in waffle batter and deep fried.
1	Not good at all this place sucks
2	We had egg sandwiches and they were just so-so. I agree with an earlier review the the hash browns were mushy and lukewarm. We did do takeout but we ate the meal quickly after it was brought to us as we were staying down the street. I can make a much better sandwich at home. Also ordered coffee while I waited for takeout and never got it. I didn't make a big deal about it since it wasn't on my bill either.
2	Found this place on Yelp for breakfast. We pulled into the parking lot and noticed the cool modern signage and covered patio. It looked like a trendy spot.That was immediately dashed when we walked inside. The build-out of this place felt really cheap, which is a turnoff for me, personally.The decor was really poorly executed and again felt cheap..like it was trying to be a 50's dinner with a modern twist, which would be fine, if it was done well. It was clean though.Enough about the decor, I was there to eat, right?I ordered the Mile High omlette with homefries.It came out about 3-4 minutes after I ordered it, which was an immediate indicator that the quality might not be there. The server placed my plate before me. My omelette was slathered in what seemed like an entire stick of butter. It was shiny. It tasted okay, but it just made my skin feel greasy. Not cool. The homefries were soggy.. like they were frozen and microwaved or maybe were prepared hours ago and just sitting in a bowl waiting to be served.Our server was really nice though.I wanted Over Easy to be good, but it's really just a greasy spoon.
4	Awesome breakfast.  Good coffee.  Lattes.  Cool outside seating area with mountain views.  French toast thick brioche and good.  Well done over easy eggs (hardest breakfast thing to pull off consistently- so they lived up to their name).  Would definitely visit again!
4	The Brioche French Toast looked better but can't complain about the pancakes!  I liked the vibe and design of the place.  Great low key breakfast spot.
4	Went there on Friday and was impressed. Beautiful morning to sit out on their patio.   Interesting menu for a breakfast spot, but we just stuck with the basics.  Son got M&M pancakes (can't mess those up if you tried!).  I caught myself eating his when he wasn't looking.  Wifey got the mushroom, cheese, and egg scramble and it was really good.  That is usually outside of her comfort zone (she's a minimalist) but she housed it.  I had the bacon, egg, cheese, and tomato english muffin.  Really good, crisp bacon, and crisp english muffin (sometimes tend to be too soft).  Bigger than you'd think it be.  It was a little pricey for a breakfast spot, but a good meal and a little more creative than your typical breakfast joint. We'll definitely be back
1	I thought it would be a great Mothers Day breakfast , it was the worst breakfast I had. The waffle was do soggy & the chicken was so dried out( it was probably left over from yesterday)
4	Whenever we're in Scottsdale, Over Easy is a must-stop. The location is great and the service and food never seem to disappoint either.  They have a fabulous selection of eggs benedict and breakfast sandwiches. I also love their banana pecan french toast! Since I currently can't partake in drinking one of their delicious bloody marys (baby on board) I discovered last time that they have strawberry lemonade with rosemary, so unique and refreshing! Can't wait for our next visit to Over Easy!
5	Second time I have visited an Over Easy--first time was 6 years ago when the only location was a converted Taco Bell several miles north of the airport. Had the best and most perfect scrambled eggs in my life at that visit and told my server. It's easy to see why there are several locations now. I had a somewhat traditional breakfast with scrambled Eggs, potatoes, waffle and an English muffin. Again, everything was cooked perfectly and just super. The manager or owner stopped by and talked to us a bit, since it wasn't too busy--turned out he was a server in that original location. It's nice to know that their standards haven't slipped--if I lived out here, I'd be eating breakfast here at least once a week.
2	There server sucks 100 degrees outside.she asked if we could sit outside.also they couldn't make my daughter a grilled cheese.I guess no cheese n white bread.your better off going to ihop!
1	Service was Ok but didn't notice I had a child in my party and didn't bring kids menu for awhile. Didn't try and explain menu in any way and we're from out of town. Also didn't try to accommodate my child's want of a grilled cheese, must be too hard to make. Haven't even gotten food yet and regret coming here and ordering such pricey breakfast food.I WILL NEVER COME BACK HERE AGAIN. Not kid friendly and saw another party with a wheelchair in it and nobody assisted them either.
1	Without a dought the worst breakfast in Scottsdale, not the same as Indian School.  Waffles swere cold, sausage was charred, wifes potatoes cold, and the eggs were not cooked at all.  This was the second and last time I will ever go to this dump
2	Every time I come here, I'm impressed by menu selections.  Every time I eat here, I wonder why I came back.   Should the mushrooms in a healthy choice omelet really be swimming in butter?Next time I will order the breakfast burrito stuffed with double tots instead of hash browns.  That seemed to be the popular choice.
4	Really good food & service. They have a cute patio. Very clean. Not a large selection of a "healthy" menu options
4	On vacation for a golf tourney and this was near the course.I got the waffle dogs and they didn't bring me the syrup. I took a bite and was very dry so I asked if I was suppose to get syrup, yup!  The syrup is what makes it so good, their was something in the waffle dog that I didn't care for (sage?) not sure exactly what it was but still very good. and the strawberry lemon aid you have to get.
4	In the beginning everything was pretty quick. Once we got our food though, I only saw our waitress once and then with the check. But over all, the other staff was pretty good. Has the patty/papa T's which is the egg scramble with macaroni, bacon, onions and a whole lot of buttery. Good flavor but it gets to be too much after the first 5-10 bites. They serve it with a side of fruit but I think adding spinach or another veggie would make it a whole lot better and not as rich.
3	After seeing this place on DDD I really wanted to try it. I walked in and sat at the bar. The staff was super friendly. I was torn between the corn beef and massive fried chicken meal that was on ddd. The waitress recommended the corn beef hash. Here's the thing, it was probably homemade but had all the qualities of corn beef hash out of a can. The meat was a little fatty and it was lacking potatoes. It had the consistency of canned cbh. The flavor was good but not great. Also, my food came out as she put the order in, faster than fast food. The portion size is large so the value was there, I'm suspect though when your food arrives that fast. I don't know that I'd go back.
2	Where to start? Waitress seems like she is counting the minutes to get out. Nice because she has to be, but not very engaged. I ordered the eggs, lox and onion from the healthy choices section but I found it to be both disappointing and upsetting actually because lox is short for gravlax which is RAW, cured salmon. This is what I was expecting but instead I got an egg white scramble with cooked salmon and onion. I wasn't going to send it back because I'm not that person. I ordered it after all, but should I have asked if the restaurant served traditional lox salmon? Or should the server have had the experience to know that their lox is not traditional and explain it to her guest? It tasted okay but kind of greasy. I had to stop eating it because my stomach started to hurt. My dad got the chilaquiles, he liked them the last time he came but was quite disappointed this time. Our server seemed like she was having a blah day, why be that guest that complains, in fact I don't think she even asked if everything tasted ok. Our water was kept full and my mom & brother's beverages were refilled so it wasn't bad service just not engaging service. The breakfast did come out quick and my husband loved the Selena burrito, but I might think twice about coming back here
3	Heard about this place and decided to give it a try.  It is located in a nice area albeit seemingly out of the way.  (I am new to Scottsdale and may be incorrect as I continue to learn the area.)  The service staff were all friendly and attentive to drink refills and to any needs that I may of had.  They were nice and helpful.  The food unfortunately was not all that great hence the three stars.  I ordered the banana pecan French toast.  It wasn't terrible but it wasn't memorable either.  It was actually rather bland which is quite a disappointment as I love breakfast and was hoping I found a great little place.  As always, I am willing to go  back just in case it was an off day in the kitchen.  But it probably won't be for awhile as I continue to scout and learn about this new city.
1	Starving after a long workout sess. w my bestie, we Google search breakfast places in the area. Low and behold, there is one I hadn't known of right down the road from me. Looking for something other than a classic chain breakfast place, we decided to hit up Over Easy. This North Scottsdale location is beautiful; there is a pathway out front with lush desert landscape, with a few well-groomed trees and flowers. Inside, was another story: Our hostess was darling; I almost felt sorry she had to work there by the end of my visit. Our waitress seemed to be in la -la land the entire time. My friend had to raise her hand like a school child after multiple failed attempts to catch this woman's attention. She also did not smile or offer suggestions. They seemed to have a cool, expensive-looking coffee contraption behind the bar, but nobody seemed to be using it-- prob because the waiters don't suggest it!? Had I known they served bloody Marys I may have ordered that too. I ordered the wolfpack and got a hot, greasy mess of hash browns and bacon w cheese . The cheese was really unnecessary and I wish the hash browns could have at LEAST been crispy. My  friend ordered the chilaquiles and was deceived by the wording on the menu. The menu said "tortillas".... Instead she got a fist sized, greasy-looking egg blend and the entire rest of the plate covered in near-burnt homemade tortilla chips. The whole meal was way over priced for how sucky it was. I will prob never go back.
2	Found this online on a " top 10 " places for breakfast site ..... not sure who's actually going and eating at this place before adding it to the list ???... The place was cute from the outside... looked promising ....**  inside kinda burst your bubble !! The staff was very friendly and service was just fine ....**  putting the feel of the inside...aside ... the food left very little to be desired !!Like another reviewer wrote... breakfast is a favorite meal of the day  and I am always wanting something fresh , yummy and made with really good ingredients... whatever it may be ...Let's just say , the blueberry pancakes will never be one of my favorite breakfast memories !! Although the blueberries were fresh .... the cakes were very Dry ...and the batter was so bland it tasted like cardboard... if it weren't for the sub par maple syrup ...it would have been inedible.... I ate one cake out of three. ...My husband got an omelet .. ham, cheese and tomato... hard to go wrong there ...  it was ok... nothing special but definitely better than the cakes ...We had breakfast the next morning at Butterfields just down the way a few minutes and it ROCKED !! The omelet was amazing  ( the ingredients so fresh and delicious )... and the fresh berry pancakes with mascarpone ...... A game changer !!! Over easy in my opinion is a good place for locals who enjoy a quick place to get a bite ... and even enjoy a bloody mary if so inclined ... but not for me ....:-(
3	Good eggs Benedict but their hollandaise   sauce was lacking today tastes like they left something out
2	Was here a few months ago and liked it. Today, a different story. Remembered they only brought 1 piece of toast with the 2 eggs any style, so I asked our server about it and her only response was, you only get 1. I said everywhere else gave 2. She had no response. Btw, last time when I asked,  my server brought out 2 more. The eggs were burnt and rubbery. The hash browns burnt and greasy. The link sausage was very good. The service was good. To pricey for what you get. Drive up the street to the Breakfast joynt. You'll be happy. This place truly sucks
4	Food: Very yummy. I've tried a few different things and they've all been great. It's breakfast so they can't mess it up too much. Food came out hot & well prepared. My favorite is the Crying Pig Omelette with Hash Browns.Location: N. Scottsdale area, next to Ice Den, not too many breakfast places up here so can get busy. There is indoor & outdoor seating. Kind of a small place.Overall: Great breakfast place!
1	OK but not great.  Chicken and waffles dish had a tough piece of chicken deep fried in what must have been several days old grease.  It was terrible.  The maple syrup was so watery - a give away that suggested it was some cheap liquid soap-like stand in from Cisco or worse, Costco.Go someplace else - go anywhere else.
5	I love this place. Walking distance from my home.  This is the best breakfast in town. Worth the table wait and only open till 1:00 pm but just wonderful.   The French Toast is to die for, the hollandaise sauce is homemade light and a touch of lemon, country gravy is the best. They do have a light menu but this is not a diet place.  Order several things and share. Best in town
4	The food was good and priced fairly; a great bacon side, nice and crispy but still thick. I was very impressed with the super quick service.
4	We were on vacation in Scotsdale when we are here... 2 mornings in a row. We couldn't decide what to have so we did a double feature. The food is great. My husband had the Wolfpack and I had the in house made corned beef hash. So good. I'm taking away a star because if you eat somewhere twice and the service is totally different then something isn't 100% with their training. First day was spot on, friendly waitress with quick coffee refills, second time our waitress seemed lost in her own world, the manager gave us a refill & we never saw the waitress again until she dropped our check without making eye contact
5	The food is always top notch and they aren't afraid to make your Bloody Mary spicy when you ask for it. A must after a rowdy Friday night.
2	I wanted to try one of the adult coffees I had heard about on the radio. When I asked the server for the drink list she said we don't have that and all the Over Easy restaurants are individually owned. I asked what "brioche bread" was like and she was like "what?" I said "is it fluffy?" ...basically she was no help and we felt rushed to order, and rushed to leave. Not even did the hostesses welcome us even after I said we had never been there before, and even when we left...hostesses were silent! Except for the lady bussing our table, everyone else seemed unhappy. I even witnessed our waitress push another employee out of her way as they crossed paths...RUDE! The food was so so, but the experience left us feeling cheated. We definitely won't be back to this Over Easy!
4	If you're a breakfast person then you'll love this place.  Everything on the menu looks pleasing, but I normally get the dessert pancakes or any of the breakfast sandwiches.We arrived here right after a great morning workout so we were hungry and ready to eat.  It was about 10:15 and the place was a bit full.  We waited about 10 minutes to be seated first available which ended up being outside on the patio.  The weather is nice this time of year so I didn't mind at all.  Except the glare of the sun was reflecting off the stainless steel tables right in my eyes.  Not pleasant at all, but not the restaurants fault.  Service was good and I only had to ask the server for a refill of water once.  She did forget my Cholula sauce when I asked for some though.  Food was amazing and just the right serving to feel satisfied.  I selected the Patsy breakfast sandwich with some added jalapenos-duh!
4	Very good food.  Quick and friendly service.  Everyone helps out to make sure you are getting taken care of.  Highly recommended!
3	Had been here once a few years ago and remembered liking their tots, so when I was planning a breakfast date I thought it would be good to give this place a second try. Was not my favorite breakfast ever, but it satisfied the omelette cravings.When we first got there, it was pretty empty, only a few people there, but we went on a week day. We sat ourselves and were quickly greeted by a server. We quickly decided what we wanted and ordered. I got an omelette with spinach, tomato, and mushrooms. Thought it was kind of weird that you either get a potato side or a toast side. Most places you get both, and for like the same price! However, I do like the wide selection of potato options. I went for the sweet potato tots. Our food came out super fast. Like kinda too fast. I was surprised how quickly our food came out. At first everything looked good. When I cut the omelette open I was disappointed to see that it was a little runny. Still was pretty good, but would have preferred my eggs to be completely cooked through. The sweet potato tots were very tasty and I enjoyed them! My date enjoyed his food as well, but agreed that it wasn't really worth the price. One thing that annoyed me a bit was that our server gave us our check like right after we started eating. Like she was nice and did a good job, but I always find it irritating when servers do that, makes me feel rushed! But other than that, no problems with the service.Over easy is alright, not the best breakfast joint in the area, but nor the worst either. I'm in no rush to get back there, but wouldn't be totally opposed to coming back.
4	I love it here. Everything I've ever gotten was delish. The food comes out fast and the people are super friendly. Only reason I gave 4 stars is because the parking is horrendous because it's near ice den.
5	I go to breakfast at Over Easy at least twice a week... I have never had a problem being seated immediately whether I'm with a group or alone. The dining area is clean and inviting, and the service has always been top notch! Of course, I always get the same breakfast, basted eggs and bacon, but- my eggs are cooked perfectly and the bacon is crispy each and every time!  I recently sat outside on the patio because the weather was beautiful, and was happy the quality of service doesn't change when you go outside. Joe was my most recent server, he was extremely knowledgable and seemed to enjoy working there. Kudos Over Easy and staff!
