5	I share the opinion of numerous others who have commented on this buffet under the Bellagio hotel listing, that this is in fact, the best of the Vegas buffet world.  Once again, make sure to arrive just before the change over to lunch or dinner, to get a shot at dishes from two services.
5	went here on the first i arrived in vegas.  and it was lunch time and went here. OMG the food is great. i loved it there.
5	Hands down, the BEST (and most expensive) buffet I've ever had and probably will ever have. Loved the food! But at $32/person, I better love it.
5	There isn't anything like a Las Vegas ultra-buffet. The King of Buffets is definitely at the Bellagio. You can get a thick, juicy steak grilled to order with your crab legs and I can't even begin to describe what its like when you come here. I think, if you don't know then you'll just have to find out. The price-tag looks steep on the surface but once you try it you realize thats its such a bargain and you end up like me... How do they make a profit? Oh yeah, gambling.
4	Pretty damn good buffet. I've done the breakfast/lunch one. If only there were an easier way to say that...hmm... Anyway, the food is good, if nearly completely meat based. They tend to have fairly exotic meats, such as wild boar or heritage turkeys. Definitely a plus. The only problem for me is that their salads were uniformly piss poor. Especially their Asian-style salads; wow, downright inedible. Other than that though one of the best buffets in Vegas; definitely a battle between Paris and Bellagio.
4	Thank goodness I fled the streets of Paris to head over to this buffet!  It was soooooo good.  At a buffet I'm a sampler, and if I can't control the portions I just go for a taste.   I recall that the couple to my side was absolutely appalled that I picked up about 5 desserts.  Well, not so much appalled but absolutely jealous that I exhibited no shame for my total commitment to pigging out ...he,he,he.  Bastards!  I was appalled that no one else left a tip for the servers.Oh, why the missing star?  Only b/c I remember the best brunch ever at this one hotel on Waikiki...will update if I can remember which it was.
5	Bellagio and Wynn are the best buffets in town. They're also the priciest,but worth every cent. If you've tried some of the other places,Bellagio will surprise you with its quality and variety. Concentrate onthe expensive items,like the smoked salmon,don't waste room onpizza or salad that you can eat anywhere. If you're confused by the selection try a small sample of each item,then on the next pass you'llknow which dishes to take. Most buffets have only a small number of really good things,so when there is this much selection it makessense to plan ahead. Keep in mind that Bellagio DOES NOT have anygood desserts,besides the fresh fruit,so don't worry about saving room,you won't need it. One last note: plan on tipping at least 20%,or probably more. The service is that good.
4	One of the best buffets in Vegas, the only thing keeping it from getting 5 stars is that it specializes in breadth instead of depth.  You can find almost any kind of cuisine here, but only a few selections of each.  My favorite of all buffets would be Paris, where you only find parisian food, but damn is it good.
4	If you're in Vegas and you want buffet, then you go to the Bellagio for it. Period.
4	Out of all the buffets I've had in my life (there were quite a few...considering I grew up in Reno), this one is most definitely the best.  Although, that might be attributed to the fact that I tend to sample different foods as opposed to "stuff myself silly" at buffets now.  Regardless, the quality of food is great and is only surpassed by the variety of desserts that are offered.  My personal favorite that they offer is the mini belgian waffle.  YUM.  I can't get enough of those.  The cocktails available are equally as tasty!
4	I was a little hesitant to try the Buffet at Bellagio...can't say I've had great experiences concerning buffet lines.  But this one in particular is wonderful.  Yes, it is expensive, but the buffet offers copious amounts of delicious food.On my first round, I chose shrimp cocktail, spicy tuna rolls, baked sea bass, and miso soup.  I arranged everything artistically on the plate and proceeded to dine.  Let me tell you, the shrimp cocktail was delicious!  The spicy tuna rolls were satisfactory.  I was pleasantly surprised by the sea bass.  The miso soup tasted a little bland, though.On my next round, I tried the different pasta dishes, shrimp cocktail (again), and salmon.  I liked everything on my plate this time.The desserts were too sweet.  I tried to fried bananas in caramel sauce...at least that's what I think it was.  They were good, but just started to get too sweet.The buffet is a great way to fill up without breaking your bank at other more expensive establishments.  And I think it's worth your money for an extremely satisfying meal.
5	My friends and I managed to rack up a fair amount of comp points from the MGM and got to eat here pretty much for our entire trip.  What a spread!  Their offerings include king crab, juicy steaks, fresh bass, and what could be one of the best bread puddings I've ever had (I've only found 2 other places in my travels that have it this good).  I COMPLETELY understand why there's always a line out the door for their buffet.  Truely the gold standard in buffets and an absolute can't miss whenever you're in Vegas.
4	Was told to forget about the Rio buffet and come here. Did not regret it for a second. Brunch was really damn good, with excellent tasting food everywhere you look. Maybe the best bacon I've ever had. Worth it!!!
5	best buffet i've eaten at!  everything is good.  a bit pricey, but worth it.  arrive a little early to beat the long line that will form.  i heard wynn has a very good buffet too.  i hope to try that next time i'm in vegas.
4	Very yummy and more options that you can handle. You probably want to fast a bit before hitting this big ol' buffet. $$$$ Kinda expensive but if you gamble you can usually get it comped.
5	me and my boys chose two buffets to go to this past trip and I said the Bellagio had to be one of them. It was great! the prime rib was most def the best out of all buffets and rivaled most of those found in steak houses. the pesto mashed potatoes was a treat and the sushi bar was a nice surprise. Beware of the ahi and salmon poke, a lil bit too spicy. There was a lil bit of a line but who cares, once you get to the table you can be eating within 10 min tops!O and for those complaining about the price. Our tab ended up being like 35 per person with tip for dinner. Not bad considering that our breakfast at the Luxor cafe was 30 each with average fare. I'd pay the extra 5 bucks for the gourmet buffet anyday.
4	I've been to Vegas twice, and each time we go to the Bellagio for the buffet. I don't think it's a secret that this is the creme de la creme in the world of vegas buffets, which is the only drawback. what might be a secret is how to optimize your food consumption while doing your thang at the buffet. I've heard various strategies. I don't believe in the "don't eat before" strategy, I'm of the "slow and steady" philosophy. I'm also going to start watching the Hot Dog eating contest on ESPN (like I did my most recent visit) to psych myself up for excessive self-gorging.The food ranges from really good to really bad, depending on what you get. I don't know if there are any guidelines, you're just gonna have to try a bit of everything. but don't fill up on carbs, go for the meats and get your money's worth.
4	The wait to get into this buffet was testing (over an hour) but once we were in, it was no holds barred. I skipped the Chinese food (didn't look much better than what I'd get at home) and loaded up on the seafood. I counted no less than five different fish dishes, in addition to the Alaskan king crab legs, and the sushi. The sushi was surprisingly quite good -- they also had a variety of other seafood/ocean dishes, like Japanese wakame salad and ceviche.They also had Kobe beef and filet mignon and all kinds of other cuts of meat -- my guy commented that these weren't as good as the seafood, though. There was a wide selection of desserts, which we nibbled a little bit here and a little bit there at.Just going here for the sheer spectacle of the buffet is worth the price tag.
4	I agree with many on yelp, this is a high end buffet, you can even tell by the presentation of items, many items given in single serve size plates, bowls, etc...lunch $19 and dinner $27.  Went for a late breakfast and didn't have to wait in line.
4	Yes, its the best buffet I've ever had. But, its a buffet...
5	I love this buffet.  It takes forever to get through the line, but it's so worth it.  The whole dining experience is very comfortable.  The tables and seats are nice and the waiters are very attentive.  I love the huge variety of seafood!  I've heard that the breakfast buffet is amazing, I hope that I can try that soon.
4	Why do people wait in hour long lines for a buffet? I guess it's Vegas. We had passes to avoid the wait, and figured why not gorge ourselves a little.For a buffet, it was fairly impressive. The sushi alone propels the Bellagio above most Vegas buffets I've heard about. But it is still a buffet. You won't spot George Clooney eating here.
4	Holy crap! This is the best buffet created. Ever. I despise Vegas, but when I have to be there I visit the Bellagio buffet. And for those 2-4 hours, I love the city. It's an escape, and a decadent food orgy. I'm not talking about your run-of-the-mill-all-you-can-eat pasta, salad and cupcakes. I'm talking a variety of fresh fish, filet mignon, Alaskan King crab, gourmet desserts, etc. etc. All you can stuff! It's like a food hedon haven. I swear I talk about this place to this day. And when I'm there I drag everyone to go there. It's a steep $37, but well worth it. My mouth is salivating on my keyboard as I type. Love it, go there.
5	All buffets should be modeled after this one.  We had about 3 hours to kill before leaving for the airport, so we decided to slowly eat lunch.  One little plate here, one little plate there.... you get the picture.  Well.... there is so much to choose from .... and EVERYTHING is good.  Totally worth the wait.
5	The Buffet at Bellagio is one of the best buffet in LV. They have sooo much food to choose from and each of them are delicately prepared. Their kobe beef, though i doubt if its the real one, is really good. King crabs are cut in have so its easier to work with. Sashimi are fresh. And their dessert, there is sooo much to choose from and taste really good. I would definitely come back here if i have the money.
4	i don't consider standing in line for a buffet the pinacle of a civilised life but this is a great buffet.  i think buffets are bad-- you eat more than you normally would because it is "all you can eat" v. "all that you should eat"  the food was amazingly delicious and i ate way more than i should have.  the champagne--rather their sparkling was out of place--it was a not very nice bottle of California sparkling-- if no one else noticed i did.
5	To me, this remains one of the best buffet restaurants and I am always attracted to return there. I love the atmosphere- the nicely designed friendly interior... Yesterday we had the Champagne Brunch... umm, well, not really a champagne, but rather, a higher-end Freixenet brut... Still, a very good value- especially with the free refills. $35 per person including the tip. And so we sat there in style, and pigged out royally!
4	8 out of 10.  I thought this place was great until we tried the Buffet at Paris Hotel.  See my review there.
4	After missing the dinner buffet on a Saturday night due to the long line, we made it to the Sunday brunch buffet.  The trick about catching this buffet is that you get there late enough to enjoy the brunch foods, but stay long enough to enjoy the dinner foods too.For example, my dining companion had her eyes peeled for the crab legs.  When they finally arrived at the very end of our long long meal, she made room in her stomach for the crab.  The poke and sashimi stuff started coming out later on too, and I gorged on that as well.  (It's not exactly the highest quality, but it'll do.)Overall, buffets are what you make of them.  You overeat and you overeat more.  The good thing about this buffet is the huge selection of food and you're bound to find at least a few things you like.  Everyone in your party is bound to be happy, and that's the good thing.  The question always remains though, did I eat my money's worth?  And sometimes you do, and sometimes you don't.  I try not to do the buffet thing anymore.  I don't think I'm getting my money's worth.  I think I rather pay more for quality than quantity.Update: 04/24/07 - Last Friday I tried doing the Bellagio buffet again.  This time we went at 3:30, just in time to pay the lunch price ($19.95) but see the dinner goodies come out at 4 pm.  Dinner goodies include king crab legs, prime rib, kobe beef, etc.  Other honorable mentions include rack of lamb, creme brulee, caramel flan, chocolate-covered strawberries, shrimp cocktail, ceviche, and poke. Sadly, I'm an embarrassment when it comes down to buffets.  I know that I definitely didn't get my money's worth at all.  We stayed there for at least two hours and I could even eat twenty dollars worth!  I'll have to say no the next time I'm invited!
5	It's the Bellagio...it's the best.  The lunch buffet was amazing, my friends and I sat there for a good two hours trying to get our money's worth.  We tried every single food they had and the sheer size of the choices makes it worth the price - I can't even list everything because they had literally ANY food you could think of.  The deserts in particular were very good.  This is the only buffet I've ever done in Vegas so I suspect I would be disappointed going anywhere else!! How can you beat the Bellagio??
4	Wow, I must say the best buffet I've ever been to!  Yes, it seems pricey compared to other buffets in Vegas (almost 40 bucks for dinner on a Saturday), but HELLO it is ALL YOU CAN EAT GOURMET!  Again, being the seafoodie that I am, I head straight for the crab legs and smoked salmon.  But for the meat lovers out there, you have Prime Rib and even Kobe Beef!  And if you're into dessert, I think they have the largest selection anywhere of desserts for any buffet.  Creme brulee, eclairs - you name it they have it!  One time I even think they had fresh lychee!  Go early though because the lines are long and you want to have as much time as you can get to sit there and get stuffed (see pic of us with rack of lamb in my profile)!
1	Before flying home from a business conference I had dinner at the Buffet at Bellagio, I figured it would be fine, and I did not want to hassle with taking a taxi to the familiar Orleans (my favorite Vegas buffet) or the Rio. Boy was I mistaken, $37 for a buffet that had less than a third of the selections of the Orleans or Rio at more than double almost triple the price. The food was nothing like the banquet meals we were served for the conference. The food was bland, tough, and boring. If I knew it would be that bad I would have eaten at the airport. Ok maybe not at the airport, but there are many excellent restaurants in Vegas for about the same price.
3	OK, so I know that this is definitely not your "buck ninety nine steak, eggs, & chop suey" buffets, but it's not worth $37 bucks.  I ate here about three days after getting back from my first trip to India.  After six months of finding God in the Ganges, I chose to make the terrible mistake of taking my blissfully post-ashram enlightened butt to an expensive buffet in Vegas.  Hell-o Culture Shock.It starts out with a long line.  I was used to this, put people here actually make a line.  I has already ready to yell at someone for jumping the line, but no such American luck.  People scrambled like hungry busy bees to get as much food on the tables as possible.  Mind you, the table for two at this establishment was, at a normal restaurant, a table for four.  I was with two other people, so our table was a sixer.  Our cokes were Oktoberfest size.  I walked around and saw a couple with what looked like a mountain of crab legs, maybe 6-7 plates full.  Gross.   I did manage to try a little of this and that.  Not memorable as far as quality of food goes.  I couldn't help but watch the train wreck of mass consumption.  Since I was just off the jet from a country where some quite suffer over lack, I found the experience appetite extinguishing.
4	OK so after eating at the Wynn buffet for lunch after having a Deluxe Carnitas Burrito at the Barstow Del Taco for breakfast, I really wasn't feeling the Bellagio buffet. In fact, I wanted the food to turn into a baby alien and rip out of my stomach and kill me. That's how gross I felt.We got seated next to a table of five coked-out bleached-blonde girls and a metro guy, who seemed to be having even less fun than me. I forced myself to get up and go get some food. And I was glad I did, because it is a pretty good buffet.Plate 1:- shrimps w/cocktail sauce: standard- prime rib: tough and overcooked- fake kobe beef: tough and overcooked and not that tasty- grilled asparagus, carrots, and garlic thingies: excellent.- tuna nigiri, ca roll, tuna hand roll: decent but awesome that they even had itPlate 2:- crab legs: standard but good- bowl of congee, Taiwanese style: Hellyeah. - sweet potato mash: so good, must-eat- chilean sea bass: BEST DISH IN THE WHOLE DAMN PLACEPlate 3:- more chilean sea bass- more sweet potato mashDessert plates:- don't remember what I got. What I didn't get but should have was the Creme Brulee. So I don't know if I ate enough to satisfy the $32 bucks worth, but whatever. I walked back to the car like a pregnant mouth-breathing incontinent zombie. So yeah, the Chilean Sea Bass should be your staple Bellagio buffet food. I didn't understand why people were piling on mahi-mahi and salmon and overlooking the Chilean sea bass. Maybe because I was hogging up all the space in front of it, drooling all over the dish. Suckers.
4	four stars for their buffet and the greatest dessert bar ive seen. however, I have not yet patroned the Wynn hotel and I've heard that one puts this buffet to shaaaaaaaame so we shall see!crab legs crab legs crab legs alone deserves four stars.
5	All you can eat Snow Crab legs.'Nuff said.
1	Disappointed. First time when I went there, the line was too long so I left. A year went by, I had another chance to try the place. After waited in such a long line and paid that much money. I was very disappointed. The food was so so, nothing stood out. The services were average but below par if you considered it's in a hotel. You will have a lot better buffet in Paris, trust me.
3	IT was cool and all to eat all that I could stuff my face with, but really...even all the alcohol in the world could not hide that the food was just mediocre.
3	Maybe it was all the hype but I was not that impressed with the Bellagio buffet. But to be fair, it could be because I waited in line for more than an hour. Still, the offerings were not that special in terms of taste or selection. Try it if you're curious but don't expect too much like I did. I actually enjoyed the Paris buffet more and it was cheaper.
3	After eating here a couple times I've realized I'm a quality over quantity type of eater..   The food here really isn't THAT good.. I think this place lives on hype alone and people's fear that if they don't load up their plates they won't get their money's worth. The one thing here that they do right though is their desserts..  but I'm not into the idea of paying $35 and waiting for an hr for above average desserts. The thing that happens to me EVERYTIME I go there is this : some old asian ladies in front of us at the snow crab line take EVERY snow crab leg for their table of 50 thereby having everyone behind me stare at ME with eyes of murder thinking I know her or am somehow related to her.
4	Amazing selection, quite tasty (but generally not quite delicious) food.  Fish was nicely cooked, and sushi was reasonably fresh.  Pastas seemed a bit warmed over, and the desserts were uniformly too sweet for my taste.Still, though, with at least a handful of standouts (smoked salmon!  shrimp cocktail!, surprisingly tasty pizza!)... you're likely to get your money's worth if you're at all hungry, especially if you're impressed by the insane variety of foods like I was.I actually went twice... once Thursday night at 9:30pm for a late dinner ($29.95), and then again Saturday at about 2:30pm for "brunch" ($23.95, if I remember correctly).'twas no line at all on Thursday, and I feel that the food was of better quality than on Saturday for some reason.  On Saturday, I learned that pretty much all non-alcoholic drinks were included in the buffet price, including a fab fresh-squeezed and bottomless orange juice; not sure if that's true also for the dinners as well.All in all, I'd recommend at least one trip to this buffet to all Vegas-goers, though next time I think I'll stick to fixed-portion very-high-quality meals for the sanity of my waistline and energy levels (I felt kinda like a slug for the rest of the day after stuffing myself on Saturday!)
4	Such a long line to get in, and I can see why. Great selection and yummy food.. the pastries are to die for and it's just a nice place in general. Worth the wait but definitely one of the more pricier buffets. Maybe it was due to the fact that it was the day before new year, but I still enjoyed it.
3	My boyfriend and I were really excited to try the Bellagio buffet and had heard good things about it.  There was a huge line (1+ hour wait) to get in, but we stood in it hoping that we wouldn't be disappointed when we finally got to eat.When we finally did get sat, we were seated at a booth towards the back of the restaurant.  The location was further away from the buffet than some would prefer, but I was happy to have a booth.  Some of the 2-seater tables were very small and looked quite uncomfortable, but I guess if you're planning to eat your way through the buffet, you likely get up enough that your butt won't hurt from the uncomfortable chairs.  I digress...There was so much food it was hard to choose what to eat.  The menu items were unbelievable.  Kobe beef. Veal. Duck. Lamb. Free range turkey. Sushi. Crab legs. Pastas. Salads. It was definitely cool to see and taste food that I've only heard about (like Kobe beef) and to be able to eat as much as I wanted, but aside from the variety of food, I wasn't that impressed.  Everything was still just over-processed, over-cooked buffet food.  The Kobe beef was tough and over cooked.  The free range chicken was ok but still a little tough.  The sushi was fresh but still not great... you get the idea.The dessert buffet was the same. I was impressed with the quantity and look of the desserts, but the taste was just ok.  The bread pudding was really good but other stuff looked prettier than it tasted.  For $40 bucks I wasn't too upset about my visit to the Buffet at Bellagio and I certainly got enough to eat, but, like I said, the quantity was massive, but the taste left something to be desired.  I wouldn't necessarily go back, but I wouldn't tell people not to go either.
4	We went there on a Tuesday last week.  There wasn't a long wait at 8am, so that was good.  However, around 9, everybody woke up and it got pretty crowded.  They had the usual omelette station (friendly chef, by the way).  The usual sweet station (pancakes, waffles, etc.) with a pretty thick slice of french toast.  The french toast was awesome!  They also had a few different slices of pizza that go well with a breakfast theme.  I usually shy away from pizza at a buffet, but I'm glad I had these thin-crust yummies.  Now, the one part that didn't really fit in for me was the chinese food station.  I can eat cold pizza or fried chicken for breakfast, but chinese food at 8am doesn't really do it for me.  If you can eat it that early, more power to you!  In regards to the service, it was really great!  Very attentive and checked in the right amount of times.  The buffet was very clean and organized.The price was $15 per person for breakfast and if they had a little bit more of a breakfast selection, it would well be worth it.  However, at this time, I would rank the Le Village buffet at Paris a few notches higher than Bellagio.
4	Bellagio's buffet is expensive but judging from the type and quality of food they served, it's definitely worth the money.  You can get almost any kind of food here, so there's something good for everyone.I will say that I think for the money, the buffet at Paris is a way better deal, but if you feel like spending a lot of money to feed your gluttony, then The Buffet at Bellagio is the place to be.
3	I am fat so I eat alot of buffets.  I've eaten at the gourmet buffet twice and the breakfast buffet once.  The food gets boring really fast here.  One of the visits they were serving kobe beef.  I think it was good but the beef wouldn't stop moving.  It was still very bloody and rare.  I couldn't tell if they massaged the cow or not.  The main attraction at this buffet are the crab legs.  People horde them like there is no tomorrow.  I would eat the gourmet buffet just to tell your materialistic friends you ate at the Bellagio gourmet buffet.
5	this is my favorite buffet.  it may not look as fancy as the wynn's, but over the years it has never failed me.  boo on the veryvery long lines.  you have to go at 11am for lunch to avoid them.  they have a good mix of things, and most are pretty good.  for a buffet, this is some good food..
5	The Buffet at Bellagio is nestled in the back of Bellagio Resort and Casino. It's not very hard to find. Signs point to it easily. The lines can be long but it is well worth it. Tip for being first in line....DON'T EAT FAST. Take your time and enjoy the flavors. I had friends from LA in town and I took them to this place. Unfortunately I have a Ruth Chris Budget and they were Sizzler. So it was pretty expensive for them. They have a wide spread from a raw bar, to a carving station, dessert stations. Typical buffet style. However the night we went we had some rare kobe beef round. Mmmm the redder the better....I also enjoyed the different asian flair and italian entrees. We stayed there for 3 hours because my friends wanted to get more than 40 dollar's worth. One of them actually took a crap - to make room for more food. Yes...yes...I have cheap friends. After seeing the Bellagio Buffet on Rachel Ray's $40 a Day and it showcased their real crabmeat at the omelette station. I had to go back. The crab was sweet and very fresh. Bellagio prides themselves with fresh ingredients. This is definitely one of the top 5 buffets of Vegas.
3	Here's Donald Rumsfeld giving his review of the Bellagio Buffet...Is the food in the buffet good? Of course.Would I eat at a $30 buffet ever day? Of course not.Is it the best buffet I've ever had? No.Is it worth eating at? Doggone it, probably. But only if you're really craving a buffet like a fox in a henhouse after you've already eaten at the Paris Casino.
4	Buffets are hardly ever completely different from eachother in price, selection, and people. However, the Bellagio has upped the standard in which these establishments are measured and it mirrors the hotel in how they present their food, service the guests, and the beautiful decor of the restaurant. There is an amazing selection that varies from the finest seafood, to a mountain of Italian pastas, and a great variety of Asian food. While it is a bit steep for a buffet ($30 per person), consider it a fine dining night in which you serve yourself.
5	This is comparable to the Rio Village Seafood Buffet.  I like the sushi and dessert at Rio better.  But Bellagio has its good points too.  Price is cheaper at Bellagio...last time I checked.  But I've been hearing through the grapevine that Rio has dropped their price to $34.99 from $43.
4	We play pool in Vegas every year.  It's been an annual tradition now that we stop at the Bellagio Buffet every time!  I just can't get enough of their yummy Sea Bass!  They also have a big selection of other sea foods, sushi, and of course a variety of meat as well.  Expensive for a buffet ($35 dinner) but worth it.  I think you can get the same food cheaper if you go earlier before they start their dinner.
4	lunch buffet was the best and most diverse that I had in vegas.
4	Good buffet.  Go for a late lunch and you'll be able to eat dinner for the cost of lunch.  When they changeover to dinner they don't kick you out.  I still prefer the Wynn buffet.
4	Went for the Champagne Brunch at THE BUFFET.   The food was good and the selection was decent.  The buffet at the Wynn had more selection but THE BUFFET wasn't to shabby.  All the buffet standards were there: Customer Omlette Station, sushi (first buffet I've been at with some veggie sushi), prime rib station, shirmps, salad, and various breakfast foods.   They had a decent Asian food section as well.  Vegetarian Rating: 4/5 for the brunch at least there are lots of options that taste great.
2	NO NO NO NO NO, this is what my distended stomach has been screaming ever since I went to this buffet tonight. I get it, you greedy piggy bastards, you like quantity over quality, but how can you stuff your face like this? I agree when it comes to buffets, it's nicer quality than most, but I still don't get the appeal. Personally, I'd rather have a nice, good quality meal of a decent size, maybe even with leftovers.As for vegetarian options? Forget it! The rice, risotto, & many of the other items you would expect to be safe have chicken stock in them. We went here thinking I could get vegetables & side dishes, but my options were very limited. The 2nd star is for the chef who showed me what I could eat, even though he wouldn't listen when I said seafood is not vegetarian.After this meal, we decided we will never go to a buffet again. It's been 5 hours since I ate there & I'm still hurting!
2	I really wasn't impressed by this buffet at all. For the amount of time that I waited in line and the amount of money I had to pay, you're better off visiting "Cravings" at Mirage for a lesser price or the buffet at Paris. If you really want to drop a couple bucks on a good buffet, go to the Buffet at the Wynn--you won't be disappointed there.
4	Go 'head and stuff yourself.  The food is good.Someone wrote a review about the plates being dirty and that... which could be true.  You have to remember that it is a place that serves in huge quantities, and it's where you can get the most (or least, if you just want to sit there) out of your dollar.  It's got a nice atmosphere and good selection.  Service is good too.  I mean, when you compare it to places like Todai... this place is fabulous...Mmm.. I loved their creamy polenta and pesto mashed potato.  Otherwise, the food served is what you would expect of one at a buffet in Vegas.Long lines... so try not to go while everyone is planning on going.
4	$40 for all you can eat high end buffet. This place was the most moderately priced restaurant I could find that wasn't cheesy cafe. And, as it turned out, it was the best meal I had all weekend.All you can eat crab legs. Prime rib perfectly cooked. Sushi, ahi poke, spicy tuna hand roll. Spaetzle. Salads, fruit, veggies. Braised lamb, Asian pork ribs. Bananas foster. Mini cakes. Cookies. Stuff yourself until the food spills out your ears.This place sums up my Las Vegas experience... excess in excess! I'm a green-lovin', tree-huggin', recyclin' fool and there is not one thing in Vegas that has seen post-consumer anything! Green is the closest thing I have to a religion so being in the super-sized land of disposable felt a little like blasphemy.That being said, I tried to take only what I was planning to eat or pawed it off on my friends. Even though I don't agree with the buffet concept, the food was really good and at a decent price.
5	If I lived in Vegas, I would eat here for every meal and have a forklift carry me out every time. This is the most bang for buck buffet ever. It has amazing selection and the quality is up there. Tar tars and smoked salmon to start. Half-split crab legs and unpeeled jumbo schrimp to, well, continue starting because I'm eaiting for days. Skip all the pasta and bread, and get some Chilean Sea Bass, Prime Rib, Wellington. Repeat this a few times, then hit up dessert. There are so many different desserts that it can make a meal in itself if you just ate that. Some Creme Brule, Tarts, and Cakes and you'll be in heaven or you just feel bulemic as you search for the closest toilet.This is by far the best 10,000 calorie meal your money can buy. Make sure you go between Mon-Thurs; you save like $8 for pratically the same food. If you feel guilty, just go clubbing that night and get hyphy/ dance it off/ "walk it out."
3	Not recommended for vegetarians. Seemed good for meat lovers. Go for lunch, not dinner (or pay for lunch and stay for dinner, like we did).The food stations were messy, so they are obviously not designed well. Not what you expect at a "luxury" hotel. The dessert selection was impressive, but not that satisfying, and I tried almost everything. Golden Nugget had the best desserts of the buffets we've been to, with less selection but better quality.Golden Nugget and Main Street Station were better for us (vegetarians, mostly vegan), and much cheaper. In the future (if we ever go to Vegas again, the place disgusts us on many levels) we'll stay and eat downtown. The Strip is definitely the place to see things, but for a good quality inexpensive meal, go downtown.On a previous trip we went to Spice Market Buffet twice (2 consecutive nights) because it was so good, although pricey. That was back in December 2003.
4	I've been here twice already and I enjoy it.  I'm a big seafood punk when it comes to buffets so I overload on it.  I avoid the pastas, breads, or other filler junk you can find at OCB (Old Country Buffet).The meat and seafood choices were the highlights.  Crab legs.  Sushi handrolls.  Anything at the cutting stations.  I wanted to head over to the Wynn (which is amazing), but this was closer to Caesar's.
3	Spending more then 2 days in Vegas sure does fck up your schedule.Breakfasts are actually lunches.  Naps during the hottest part of the day (2PM-5?) are usually the norm.  Recovering from the power nap, you find yourself having dinner rather late.Friends and I found ourselves wrestling between Bellagio buffet or Mirage buffet for dinner.  By the time we had made our minds and sauntered across the street from our hotel, watched a round of dancing water to Frank Sinatra, we arrived at the buffet at the tail end of dinner service.Something tells me the food would have been better if we were maybe an hour or two earlier.Not that it was bad, it's just some of it tasted like it had been out there for awhile.  It was nothing to write home about.  Nothing near the 5 stars.  The staff looked a bit drained.  We wanted to order coffee at the end of dinner but decided against it as I was frightened the reaction we'd get from the staff who had already begun to fold napkins for tomorrow's breakfast service.I only ate the sushi because I have balls.  And a stomach of steel.  Eat at your own risk.
5	I went there on a Wednesday night so price was better for dinner. $30 and change with tax per person. No line since we got there like at 9:30. The last seating is at 10 but  once you get it, they don't kick you out unless if the food kicks your ass. So far as Vegas buffet line goes, Winn hotel has better crab legs then Rio or Bellagio, but the overall experience, I thought Bellagio is better than the rest. The sushi was good including spicy tuna hand rolls. They even had steak tartare, which no one else has. And also they have a variety sugar-free desserts that were quite delectable. When in Vegas for enjoying too much of everything in one sitting, just go to the Bellagio buffet.
5	Arrive at 3:30 pm. Brunch price with two different meals (brunch and dinner) served while you are eating. Champagne brunch is an extra $6. Here are some highlights from my last visit: slabs of melt in your mouth meat (Kobe beef, lamb and ribs), hand made spicy tuna rolls, Carmel flan, chocolate mouse, amazing lemon tart thing with meringue, chocolate covered strawberries, lobster ravioli with asparagus, cocktail shrimp, king crab legs and of course the smoked salmon. For a buffet veteran, my advice, take a bit of everything and try things out for size. Then go back for more.
4	A year and 1/2 later and I couldn't resist the french toast and sausages at the Bellagio Buffet.   Had to do at least one buffet this past weekend and I was told the one to check out now is the Wynn but old habits die hard!  ;)*   Lamb, prime rib, crispy bacon were good picks to fill up on.    End cuts are the best!  Yes, I like my meat!  I only grabbed 6 desserts this time instead of my usual 3 plates covered with 14 desserts!  LOL  The raspberry chocolate mousse cake was nice and airy, chocolate hazelnut cake was melt in your mouth rich and apple strussel pie covered in powdered sugar was all goodness .  I'm giving it 4 stars just because I'm partial to the Bellagio buffet....and yes back to the gym now!
3	SO i forked over 40 dollars for what i was expecting to be BOMB buffet. what a waste of 40 dollars for a special memorial lunch buffet! i remember it being better but apparently my memory served me wrong.so they had king crab legs and shrimp but everything else was just alright.
4	The buffet experience is one of the reasons why you go to Vegas and Bellagio satisfies that craving... somewhat.  For meat eaters, your taste buds can dance as they have an array of meats, ranging from salmon to veal.  While their prime rib is not quite as good as Mandalay Bay's, their kobe beef is very delicious.  They also have beef wellington, which is rare.  Their specialty, I believe, is the dessert bar.  They have creme brulee, which is my favorite and they don't disappoint.  I couldn't help myself and had about 3 of those.
3	After all the hype and raves, I have to say that the Bellagio dinner buffet (our first meal in Vegas), was a big disappointment.  I felt that the food selection was a little weak and the flavors and quality on the low end of the scale.  The only thing that made up for the lack of good hot food was the amazing dessert bar, which featured some insanely good desserts.Honestly, I can't remember much of what I had, because most of it tended to be over-cooked.  The only thing that was really good was the fresh lamb/beef gyros, which were carved straight off the rotating, vertical spit.  Unfortunately, the meat was ready only every 10-15 minutes (an eternity at a buffet) and there wasn't much of it each time they carved it.  You had to be fast, or the meat would run out.  Extra points for having mini-pitas and a full bar of condiments, such as sliced tomatoes, lettuce, tzatziki, and crumbled feta cheese.  I also appreciated their sushi bar, which had tuna poke and tuna sashimi, which was fresh and very good.    Bellagio's carving station offered a large variety of meats, from the standard prime rib and lamb to more "exotic" fare, such as bison and beef wellington, which later turned into chicken wellington.  I tried the prime rib, the bison, and the beef wellington, all of which were lacking in flavor.  The prime rib was a tad overdone, even from the center, and the seasoning, which made for a good tasting crust, didn't penetrate to the center of the meat.  The bison and beef wellington were both tough and over-cooked.  It was my first time trying bison and while I think it had potential, it was just too tough for me to enjoy.  Likewise, the beef wellington, which had a good pastry crust, was too dry.And now for the desserts, which were all delicious.  The creme brulee, which I had 3 of (yes, I know, I'm a pig), came with a perfectly crisp, carmelized crust, which I delighted in cracking with my spoon.  Delicious.  Next up was a key lime pie - it was deliciously tart and smooth.  Likewise, the lemon meringue pie was amazing, with a nicely browned meringue on top.  There were other desserts as well, all of which were good, presumably because the man behind Jean Philippe Patisserie is overseeing all the desserts at the Bellagio.All in all, an okay buffet.  The desserts were outstanding, but the other foods were a disappointment.  If you can eat $35+ worth of pastries and perhaps nibbles of sushi, gyro, cocktail shrimp, and pasta, then Bellagio is the place to go.  Otherwise, for a more complete, overall Vegas buffet experience, I would head out to the Wynn, Paris, or Mandalay Bay.
4	Had I known there were better buffets in Vegas, I would have eaten at one, but of the the three we tried, this was by far the best.  We even had pretty good service! It is probably only worth the money for the weekend brunch when you get the unlimited champagne.  There is enough food to be here easily a couple hours, so that's a lot of mimosas you can down.  The food is great for a buffet, we stuffed ourselves silly....two days in a row.  That's right, we walked from the south end of the strip two days in a row to eat the brunch buffet.  Saturday's line was short (10 minutes or less), but Sunday, we waited the better part of an hour.  The prime rib is the only thing I can say I was disappointed in, I like mine rare-med rare, and this definitely wasn't. Oh well, like I said, we got our money worth in mimosas alone. Just be sure to drink plenty of water before going out to walk the Strip in the heat!
3	I heard things about this buffet but maybe those things were only true a while back.  $31 for a champagne brunch where they don't allow you to substitute some peach puree for the orange juice because you are allergic to oranges...whatever.  It was good times raiding the fruit section to try champagne with cut up melon and it was very nice of AJ to muttle some fresh strawberries for us to use in our champagne.  I'm surprised they didn't stop us and charge us $12 extra for it.The food options were decent but it wasn't as great as it had been made out to be.  I liked having some fresh eggs made for me so I could top off my janky version of eggs benedict that consisted of wheat toast, sliced prime rib, country gravy, and two eggs over medium.  The scrambled eggs were either runny or very dry.  The french toast was a bit on the dry side.  The bacon was really good.  I should have added that to my janky benedict.If it wasn't for the company of AJ and getting sloppy drunk on champagne I would have been very disappointed.
4	this is a very good buffet.  we went for breakfast but everything here was really well made and fresh and you can taste it.  the omelette dude went cheese crazy and i had more cheese than egg in it but that was fine since it tasted great!  the eggs benedict was good and all the seafood options were very tasty.  from the dessert area, the winner was the cheesecake and it tasted as if it were just made!  it was light and fluffy and just all types of goodness.  the place is pricey but it is the bellagio so i guess you pay for being seated in the pantheon of 5-star hotelness...
3	I think that for buffets, the Spice Market Buffet that was in Aladdin was awesome. This buffet was all right... large selection and a diverse range of foods. The best part was the shrimp/crab and cocktail sauce. Stick with that. The rest of the things were standard buffet fare. Defintely stay away from the 'pasta bar': where you can choose red or white sauce, pasta, and vegetables, and they heat it up for you. It's not good at all. But really, just eat the crab/shimp and cocktail sauce.
3	This buffet was good. It had a wide variety of food. There salads & veggies were great as well as there meat's.
3	Very good Sunday champagne brunch, but somehow not quite as impressive as I expected for $28.95, or based on its reputation.  Maybe I'm just kind of over the whole buffet abundance thing, and I guess almost everywhere decent in Vegas is expensive now.  The pros:  Good omelette bar with fresh ingredients.  Very tasty desserts.  Exceptionally friendly, attentive table service -- which can be rare at buffets -- always making sure coffee, water, juice and champagne were dutifully refilled.  And they let you relax and stay forever without feeling rushed.  The cons:  Rather limited in the seafood department.  Somewhere I'd heard they had sushi at brunch, but California, vegetable, and spicy tuna rolls hardly count (you can get those in the self-serve deli of any decent supermarket).  The one piece of grilled swordfish I bit into was so overcooked I literally could not chew it, so I avoided the rest.All in all, a very pleasant experience.  Still good enough for 3 stars, while most buffets aren't.
4	I hate buffets, but this one is fantastic.I've only ever been on Sundays (hey, might as well enjoy the Champagne for a few extra dollars).  I would recommend getting there as early as possible--the line gets long very quickly.We have a 1-year-old son, and he went with us.  They didn't charge for him, and they sat us in a room with all of the other families.   I think he enjoyed the food more than we did...In terms of food, you can expect all of your usual buffet favorites plus a few higher-end things that I wasn't expecting:  Crab meat omlettes, very large shrimp, roasted turkey, pork tenderloin, as well as tons of wonderful desserts and pastries.  My champagne glass never got empty, and the server also kept us loaded up on orange juice (mmmm Mimosas!).
2	Used to be one of the better buffets.  The menu and items are still very good - with exotic meats, sea food and lots of variaty.  However, quality seems to be way down as compared to when it first started many years ago.  I used to go very often, everytime I visit Vegas.  But now I am pretty sure it gave me stomach upsets almost 50% of the time.  There's a good chance that last food poisoning I had was from this place.. probably the questionable seafood freshness.
4	One of the best buffets I have ever been to.  My most recent visit was better than the last because they had several new items I haven't tried before.  Usually my buffet strategy is to pick a few things I love and eat the hell out of them.  This time it was the tuna poke, lobster ravioli, sea bass, and ceviche.  Just noticed they are all seafood items!  The sea bass was amazing...so tender.  The lobster ravioli was very rich, but tasty.  They have a ton of desserts, too, so make sure you save some room.
5	Wow - what a delicious deal!!  Yes, the line wrapped around and we were starving by the time we got in but there was just so much variety for brunch.  Brunch was very affordable for all that we got - only $23.95.I don't even know where to begin - they had prime rib, sooo many different types of fish (about 6 different types), lamb, omelette station, yummy salads, a whole Asian delights bar and sushi, too - spring rolls, pesto mashed potatoes - yum.  Breakfast stuff - cheese blintz, french toast, eggs, sausage, bacon, etc etc - everything was a true delight.And dessert - omg - they had sugar free desserts, not just one or two but SEVEN options for me to pick from and their regular desserts - amazing and just amazing.  I can't wait to go back to Vegas just to have the Bellagio Buffet again.
4	Very very good lunch buffet.  It probably doesn't top the Wynn for lunch but it is  cheaper too so you got to scale things appropriately.  The highlight items of the meal were the raspberry chocolate mousse, steamed clams, and a fabulous variety of fish (even better than what was offered at the Wynn for dinner buffet).  The fish I tried included salmon, tuna, african bluenose, wahoo, steamed halibut, and chilean seabass!!!!  My favorites were the streamed halibut and the chilean seabass...they flaked off very easily and the chilean seabass has a nice natural oily texture..delicious!!!!The cut meat like turkey, 7 spice lamb leg,  beef flank, and chicken were just average.  Still, a very great buffet.   I ate so much that I got dizzy and had to rest at the table...but it was worth it.  =)
5	To me, the Bellagio's buffet is the piece de resistance of buffets.  Everything you could ask for -- prime rib, shrimp, crab legs -- nicely laid out and easy to access and locate.  And attentive service.It's the priciest of the strip buffets, so be prepared.  And it's even more on a holiday.  Come hungry.
2	Okay so during my Vegas trip all i kept hearing was " I can't wait for the Bellagio buffet!" " Omg it's awesome!" So i was like hellz yeah! I totally can't wait to stuff my face! So were in line and i grudgingly part with my forty dollars and get seated. Whatever if it's good food then it would totally be worth it. Sadly it was not. Lets start with the sushi. It tasted like something out of Ralphs. Five minutes later I hear my friend complaining that her mouth is tingling from the sushi! That's not normal. Okay so sushi is not their specialty...totally understandable. Lets move on to the pastas then. Ah totally mushy and bland! The crab legs and shrimp tasted like...water. Fine fine..maybe there is still hope. I come across the hot and sour soup. I love hot and sour soup...but you scarred me for life with your soup Bellagio buffet! It was like sipping on pure soy sauce. What happened to the hot and sour part? This is just plain salty! The only tasty thing I ate was  the lobster ravioli and the salads. The desserts were what saved the day...well sorta. After we ate I felt really sick! I think it had some thing to do with the sushi! Never doing buffets again!
4	*3.5 stars*My DB wanted our last hit of our Vegas trip to be the Bellagio Buffet for brunch. I was prepared to pay something like $16.99, but I guess it was a Labor Day special and it was also Saturday, so the per head cost was $29.99 without the champagne.  So we were a little sticker shocked.  We were in line quarter to 11A and there was a hardly a wait - thank god! While we were being seated, I remember thinking "How the hell am I going to eat $29.99 worth of breakfast items?!"  Well thank god for their prime rib, cuz it was SO DARN DELICIOUS! I really don't expect a prime rib to be that yummilicious from a buffet, but I was really really impressed!! The portion they cut out  were very generous, that I looked a little surprised when the carver said "Is that enough?"  Let's just say, I went back for seconds.  If there was room in my belly, I would've gone back for more.   I thought the sushi was good and fresh, nothing special about it was they were just the california roll types.I did notice there weren't that many vegetable options....wish they had more veggie, like roasted veggies to go with my prime rib.  So less half a star for that.  I would've given Bellagio Brunch Buffet  5 stars, but I was a little disappointed with their desserts and believe me, I took a plate of each one except for the chocolate cake!   The cheesecake and the key lime pie were too soft for me, as if they were sitting out too long. I like them a little solid, but not rock hard and definitely not mushy.  Not to mention, I was sad they didn't have any chocolate chip cookies without nuts.  boooo I could've used one too! There was only one dessert I liked and it was some puff pastry/wafer  thingy with creme.  So that's why I'd give them 3.5 stars. 1 star for the desserts and less 1/2 for the lack of yummy grilled  veggies. (Did I just miss them? I wonder)Forgot to give props to our waitress, she was the bomb!! I wish I took her name. She was so on it...even when she knew it was dessert time that when I got back to my seat, she poured a hot cup of coffee for me. :)
4	By golly, if you are going to "blow the diet"...do it here!My friend and I considered the dessert bar "dive worthy", but held ourselves in check because we had already over indulged in all the other bars....Geez!  Some of this seafood I had never even heard of!  Sushi, prime rib, chicken, ribs, veggies, 3 or 4 DIFFERENT kinds of mashed potatoes, assorted breads, soups, salad bar, FRESH FRUIT and really too much to try to mention."Dive Worthy"  The state of being so luscious looking that you want to dive head first and through your body across something.    The dessert bar was truly Dive Worthy!
4	My boyfriend kept asking why I wanted to eat at a Buffet, after all I usually eat small portions of a normal entree.  But I kept dreaming of a s'morgasboard of food all waiting to be gobbled up by little ole me.  We drove down the strip and I said "HEY, I bet the Bellagio had a wonderful Buffet."  Mind you, it is now 10 am, breakfast time in Vegas.  We were expecting a line wrapped around the casino, but we were just in time to escape such nonsense. Sure the buffet cost me a pretty penny, but when I walked up to the valley of all that is food, I was perplexed at how many choices I had! My boyfriend carefully warned me, "Look around before you pick anything."  Okay, that is probably why he is a keeper.  He knows me all too well.  So I started scoping out all of the breakfast staples, then the brunch type food and even the regular lunch food.  I found this french toast sandwich thing that had chocolate and bananas in the middle, a strawberry salad, some egg tortilla thing, and all sorts of random nibbles.  I loved most of it but disliked the sweet corn bisque and the random egg tortilla thing.  They had yummy breads and muffins including an Apple Walnut muffin.  They had sugar free options and healthier choices.  In the end I ate half of my food, and my belly was screaming that I never eat again but all in all.  Well worth it.  Oh and when we left, there was a line wrapped around the casino :)
4	One of my favorite Las Vegas Buffets!  It's pricey though (like $35 at dinner), but keep eating the expensive stuff and stay away from the carbs and you should get your money's worth.I always head for the prime rib and king crab legs first!  I eat the shrimp cocktail, then dilly dally my way towards the sushi selection.  I never eat pastas or rice at buffets.. pay all that money for pasta!?  No way jose!For dessert I always grab one of every single kind and take a bite from each one.  Share it with friends so you don't waste too much food.  Eating buffets this way makes it a very enjoyable and worthwhile experience.  Cheers!
4	after seating in a rented minivan (i swear i will never ever get a minivan even if i become a soccer mom with 6 kids) for almost 5 hours, all i wanted was food and lots of it.  so i harassed and forced the girls to visit my favorite buffet place in the world, the bellagio buffet.  in vegas, everything is bigger than life itself and all things are done in true sin city style, so i metamorphosed into a pig and committed the sin of gluttony.  i must say avoid their sushi at all cost and the kobe bbq beef tastes rather like some cheap ass chicken, tough and dry.  however, the creme brulee was almost as good as ny plaza hotel's...yummy!!!o i absolutely hate buffet, yet i tried almost every buffet in las vegas and nothing parallels to the bellagio one yet.  i wish people realize how bad buffet is...how it can make us fat and greedy and wasteful.  but then again, it's vegas and you do stuff you normally wouldn't, so ready to unbutton your pants and leave at least 2 hour gap in your schedule so you can truly enjoy the food and get your money's worth.
3	I'd been to the buffet at Paris: not impressed. The buffet at Mirage: definitely not impressed. The buffets at Wynn - all three meals: somewhat more impressed, but not enough to return. I decided buffets were not for me.So what happened? As luck would have it, I ended up in Las Vegas at the same time that my brother was visiting. We have different tastes in restaurants, and a buffet seemed like a good compromise. He thought Bellagio was pretty good, so off we went.The buffet area is busy and not particularly pretty. It feels a lot like an upscale cafeteria - not bad, but lacking character. No big deal. Service was fine, with drinks coming quickly, and dirty plates being cleared quickly. I still haven't figured out how buffet staff know not to give your table away when you get up to get seconds (and thirds and...), but somehow it works.Compared to Wynn, the selection at Bellagio is smaller, and the overall quality is about the same. However, Bellagio has a few dishes that are more interesting, or of better quality. The evening I was there, the standouts were:     Beef Wellington with Bearnaise Sauce. The pastry crust was reasonably flaky, the beef was tender, and the sauce was good. I went back for seconds.     African Bluenose. Some sort of firm white fish, it was fully cooked but still juicy.     Whole Quail. There really wasn't anything special about the quality, but I give the buffet extra points for offering something a little different.     Desserts. The variety of desserts is small, but I'm a sucker for rich chocolate offerings, and there were several that featured ganache or other chocolate fillings. The creme brulee was also good.There were plenty of other items that were nothing special (e.g., marinated squid that was pretty standard, curried duck that didn't have much flavor, dried out gyro meat). Nonetheless, I give Bellagio the nod over my prior favorite buffet - Wynn - because Bellagio's offerings are a little more interesting. I still think buffets aren't worth it, but if you want to try a dinner buffet, this one is a good choice.Because of this experience, I went back for the lunch buffet. I should have stuck with dinner. The lunch buffet was very similar to the dinner buffet - minus the more interesting or better dishes. Beef welling at dinner was replaced by very mediocre Chicken Wellington at lunch. African bluenose, cooked so nicely at dinner, was dry at lunch. Leg of lamb was plain and didn't taste of much anything.If you're interested in a lunch buffet, I recommend Wynn, where the quality is very similar to that at dinner.
4	I'm not much of a buffet fan cuz I never feel like I got my money's worth. But this is probably one of the better buffets I've had in LV. Guess I had to try it...after all...LV is the land of buffets. After a long drive to sin city...we were all pretty hungry. Now...I had almost everything here. Yes...I really did. Well...the expensive stuff at least. Kekeke. Prime rib, crab legs, Kobe beef brisket, etc etc. And of course the usual shrimp cocktail, spicy tuna, oak smoked salmon, some pasta, etc etc. The prime rib was the best buffet grade prime rib I've had. Everything else was pretty mediocre. That's saying a lot for a buffet cuz buffet food usually is pretty yucky. The desserts looked very nice but I only ate the creme brulee which was delicious and the chocolate covered strawberries which were...well...chocolate covered strawberries. I don't know if I'd come back...I wanna try the Wynn buffet. I heard it's better. Is it??
4	Another favorite buffet of mine in Vegas.  When you venture for that specific food to get in a buffet, most of the time its the crab legs and here is no exception.  Throw that with the awesome prime rib and the various selection of pastries and you got someone like going back for seconds and thirds.  Plus when its $35 for this buffet, you may want to grab more to savior for later on.
4	This place was pretty good, although I wasn't feeling that great during or after, but I don't think it was due to the food.  Too bad because I could have really torn through quite a bit of this stuff.  Lamb chops were excellent.  Hand made sushi as well, nice!
4	hey assholes don't try and hide the crab legs from me!!!! MINUS ONE STAR!! other than that things were pretty good some of the dishes there looked a bit sad but they had a great selection of salads and really yummy pretzel baguettes that even swiss boyfriend highly enjoyed but DON'T HIDE THE CRAB LEGS!!!
3	It is not bad, but it is not the best buffet in Vegas.The problem is the dining area is crowded, messy and noisy. The price is higher than Le Village, and the food is less appealing.We had to ask for the Kobe beef niplets, but they were not anything worth hiding.Overrated, Overrated and finally Overrated
2	Waaaaaaaaaaaaay too overpriced.  Huge selection, and I sampled a lot, but nothing was spectacular except the desserts.  The food was no better than my college dining hall.
5	Yes, it's a little pricey for a buffet. I'll admit that. But, the quality of food that you get makes it all worth it. Everything they serve has a special little flair. Even the fruits that they have usually have aren't the standard apples and oranges. I'm still waiting for the Kobe beef to be served again. I think it may only be available on holiday weekends. This buffet has yet to disappoint me. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner are all fantastic. Rachel Ray also recommends this buffet. I will be surprised if I ever find a buffet better than this one. I thought the one @ the Wynn might have had a chance, but it doesn't even come close. A trip to Vegas is not complete without at least one meal at the Bellagio buffet.
3	a bit pricey for the quality of the food, went there strictly for the crab legs. went straight for them 3 plates in a row. don't forget the butter, it's hiding behind you at another counter. (tsk tsk) prime rib had a lot of fat, so make sure to ask for a healthy portion/cut. dessert was plentiful, make your own ice cream with toppings. if you want sushi have them make it and tip the chef, but definitely stay away from the sushi that's already out, it's old, stale and just nasty.
4	Better than Wynn, but not 30% better than Wynn, considering the 30% price increase.  Amazing seafood selection.  Pesto mashed taters and apricot mousse are to die for.
4	A couple years ago, we LOVED the Buffet at the Bellagio. If you asked me to give a review then I probably would have given it 5 stars.Ask me now, after we went on Saturday, how it dropped a star. Why? Simply because the food wasn't as good as we remembered (and my hubby and I consider ourselves to be pretty good foodies.) and we went on a Saturday night for the "gourmet buffet" and spent the extra money for it.And it dropped a star because THERE WERE NO FREAKING CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES on a Saturday night.*end rant* :)
4	This is not your average buffet. It is fresh food cooked correctly and the choices are not the cheap cuts like most buffet places.  This place has everything.Prime rib, lamb, chicken, ham, Italian, Chinese, Japanese, Indian, Pizza, good sushi, Greek, Thai, Indian, veggies, all kinds of potatoes, good salads, soups and desserts.  The quality of the food is top notch and far from buffet fare.  We had dinner there but I hear the breakfast and brunch is great too.  Next time I will check it out.
1	It sucks!  Way overrated, if you want a quality buffet, make your way over to The Buffet at the Wynn.  Why are they all called "The Buffet" anyway?
4	The dinner buffet is one of the best on the Strip.  It has everything you would want to eat - Beef, pork, chicken, lamb, king crab, large shrimp, lobster, desserts, etc.  It is, however, pretty pricey, and there is (I know, hard to believe) a limit in how much food can be physically stuffed into the confines of the human stomach.  So, if the company is footing the bill, or if you're looking to splurge, this is the place to go for dinner.
5	man went at brunch time (11am) line looked long (out side past the restrooms) but only took about 20mins to get inside.$26 for brunch (breakfast and lunch items) was solid, waffles, eggs, really good bacon, soups, sushi, pizza, roast turkey salad and fruit bars, dessert bar area, cereal bar area, pretty good amount of food, and i feel its cheap for a big hotel buffet, great before a walk down the strip!
3	This place is overrated and hyped up too much. Many of your friends will hype it up so much and so well, saying "YOU HAVE" to go here. Of course you listen and after your finished you realize, damn, it wasn't worth $30. Most of that high price probably comes from being in the Bellagio. $20 would suffice for the quality of food and selection. The ambiance of the Bellagio IMO really is non existent after the hallway where the line forms to the cashier. Then it gets toned down. With the way people talk and tell me about the place, I was expecting super duper extravagant. The desserts were really nice, but same affair over at Luxor and is significantly cheaper. The crab legs were big and plentiful. Eat a lot of this if you want to get what you paid for. Japanese/Sushi station was a joke. The California rolls were average at that, seeing better at Todai. The other entries were above your average buffet, which was nice, and which was expected at the price and location. Some entries that included truffles, and welington in the name is always an eye opener. They also had some good pizza. Salad bar is a salad bar, and I did not want to waste my stomach space for that at a $30 buffet. This place gets very busy, and the bus boys are prompt with your drinks and clean up of old plates. I really don't have anything else to say. I would eat here again, it is a nice buffet no doubt, but way overrated and hyped up. If this is your first time in Vegas and this is your first time at a buffet in Vegas, of course it's almost positive and high marks. But after the initial excitement, you will realize there are better or equal for cheaper.I don't think the location and hotel attraction should play into the review of this buffet. If it is, that is saying something about the food and choices. I see reviews saying the samething I'm saying and they are still giving it 4-5 stars. Why?
5	Scrambled eggs, eggs benedict, smoked salmon, smoked trout, dragonfruit, sausage gravy and biscuits, prime rib, steak, potatoes lyonais, melon, strawberries, oatmeal with caramelized peaches and pecans, jook with shredded pork, waffle, bacon, sausage, cheese, bread, strawberry tart, chocolate cake.Those are all the things I had for ONE breakfast at the Bellagio buffet. Heavenly five stars.
3	3.5 stars.  Food was great!  But there was no way this place deserves 4 or 5 stars for the unwelcoming service we got.  So many yelpers gave this place great reviews so I had to try it on 12/24.  My BF and I tag teamed to switch standing in line **over 3.5 hours in line**  When it was my turn to leave the line, I went in search of a place for appetizer, lo and behold I found JEAN PHILLIPE BAKERY for a wonderful yummy Panini sandwich to hold us over.  Our overall experience at the buffet was horrible!!  Our hostess told us that we didn't have much time because the buffet was closing!!!  WTF We stood in line from 6p to 10p!  The BF did not want to leave after 1.5 hours of wait.  LEAVE people, LEAVE if you've been in line longer than an hour!Hostess and hosts complaining about not wanting to stay late!  They need to take their frustration in the back room not next to our table where patrons cannot hear so we can enjoy our meal!  TIP:Attempt this buffet only if the line is not an hour long!  Go elsewhere if it is!!  it's not worth paying $80 for two and to be rushed and feel unwelcomed.  Go to Jean Phillipe bakery.
4	Most recent visit: 12/2007, Dinner- $39.95+tax, Special Holiday Menu (Christmas to New Year's) includes Kobe Beef, rack of lamb, Christmas goose, etc. as headliners.Seems like the quality has gone down just a tad bit since the holiday menu from 2004, but the experience was still very satisfying.  I do remember the long wait, but luckily my friends thought ahead and went there around 4pm and we waited only 30mins.Some favorites from the last meal...Appetizer: Smoked salmon with a touch of sweet red onion jamSoup: Lobster consomme with lobster dumplingsPasta: Portobello mushroom ravioli with truffle sauceSushi: Hand rolled spicy tuna temaki, individually made to orderSeafood: Alaskan king crab legs (Equal in quality with Wynn)Veggies: Roasted zucchini & peppers from skewersMeat: Rack of lamb (Kobe beef was actually a bit tough)Dessert: Half white & half dark chocolate dipped strawberriesEach time that I've visited Vegas, I believe I've stepped foot in this buffet since it has opened, whether for breakfast/lunch 'rollover' or holiday dinner.  For the occasional visitor, this is worth the stop as long as the wait isn't outrageous and cost isn't too much of a deterrence. Food: 4/5Ambiance: 4/5Service: 4/5Value: 2/5
4	A decent buffet, although it seems to be more quantity than quality.  Service was minimal with what they can get away with.  Nothing is exceptional here; the sushi is average and meat cart is rather ordinary.  I am not a fan of raw oyster or crab legs, but my friends got their fill and were pretty happy.  The 3-4 times I did come here, there wasn't lobster so I guess I was SOL in that regard because other than that, there wasn't much else to look forward to.  Still, there is enough to sample a little bit of everything and still go for seconds.I liked their chocolate covered strawberries and fruit tarts, but I don't think it's worth going through a buffet for a few desserts.  Personally, I'd rather forego the long line and hit up Bouchon or Wynn Cafe in Vegas over the buffet.
2	I really don't know what all the fuss is about.  This place seemed like a rather small buffet w/ just so-so food.My friend's crab legs were still frozen, all the meats are rather bland or have some herb on it that shouldn't be there, the sushi is quite awful, and  their salad bar was weak.  I tried a little bit of everything and it was just not that impressive.The highlight?  The pesto pasta w/ chicken and sundried tomatoes.  But even that didn't taste as good the 2nd time around (new batch), all my friends agreed.  There isn't anything on the buffet that's fabulous and quite frankly, i was very disappointed.  I paid $30 for that?!
3	12:30 pm - Arrive at Bellagio buffet hungover and starved.  The line is long, but there's a guy working the line who tells us the wait is about an hour.  We decide we can stick it out.1:30 pm - Nowhere near the front of the line.  But we've already put in an hour, and honestly, how much longer can it take?2:30 pm - The dark period.  Faint and exhausted.  Wishing we had picked up a banana milkshake or some fries for the wait.3:30 pm - In!  Sushi, crab legs, banana french toast, pesto mashed potatoes.  4:30 pm - Dinner time!  But was waiting in line for 3 hours really worth it?  Hard to say.  At least we got two meals out of it.
3	I'm pretty amazed that I've never written a review for the Bellagio Buffet.  Out of all the Las Vegas eateries, I've probably eaten here the most, both for brunch and for dinner.  This is one place where you can definitely eat more than what you're paying for.  But even then, is it really worth it?Some of the meats, for instance, are pretty disappointing.  By the time you get your small medallion sized cut of prime rib, roast beef, kobe beef, venison, or other protein back to your table, it's cold.  And if you ask for a second slice, they always carve it thinner than the first.The deserts are no different.  Thankfully, they're small, so the ones that aren't a hit, you can brush aside and not feel so bad about it.  You're better off stopping by by Jean Philippe Patisserie around the corner.On the other hand, the made to order omelets are pretty awesome. The line is never too long, and you can throw in a lot of different toppings. The pizza, thin crust, also with a variety of different toppings, is also surprisingly good.  I always save room for two small slices.If you're comped or got a line pass, why the hell not.  But with the ever growing number of world-class food options in Vegas where every other celebrity chef has a restaurant, why pay to overstuff yourself with mediocre food?
5	oh sweet lord on the heights.let's get past the fact that the line is always outrageous. and it's really, really, really expensive.ok? ok. i'm a buffet person by nature, unfortunately. i like quantity. quantity of choices, quantity of shit piled on my plate. buffet at bellagio fulfilled those prerequisites and topped it all off with a hefty portion of quality.lobster ravioli, sushi, crab legs, carbonara, soups, breads, salads, sandwiches...all beautifully presented and very, very tasty for mass-produced food. the drink servers are wonderful - speedy and friendly.i'm a freak in the sense that vegas is probably my favorite american city, and the new emphasis on "foodie" food and stellar service are the top two reasons why. the buffet at bellagio is a perfect example of how to do a vegas buffet the right way.
4	This is the best buffet in Vegas.  Relatively long lines and maybe more pricey than most/all, but in the end, it's worth it during your stay in Vegas.  Both the lunch and dinner buffet are very good.  Stick with what would be the higher priced meats and fish and you can't go wrong.  Just pace yourself.  The only downside, and this applies to most places in Vegas, is that the desserts are tasteless.  Hotels in Vegas use their magic to trick you into thinking their desserts are first class.  Don't be fooled.  In the end, who cares, eat their higher-end meat cuts and enjoy.
2	I wasnt impressed, not to mention didnt feel so hot later that day. The selection was minimal. The highlight was the sushi bar, but they only had california rolls. I wish I have tried the Paris and had their strawberry cream filled french toast....
4	The trick is to get here at odd hours to avoid waiting in line.  For instance, on new years day around 11:30 am for brunch when the rest of Vegas is still sleeping or just going to bed. Who knew you could have prime rib for breakfast?  and crab legs and cocktail shrimp!  Yum.  I tried hot chocolate there for the first time too and it was really good.  Hot chocolate with crab?  yeah... that's my new brunch combo... Anyway, I've been here several times, meaning everytime I go to Vegas, we end up eating here.  Once I think I waited two hours to eat dinner and didn't get in until 10 pm!  That was on my birthday so it was a bit dissappointing and I was faint before we got in.The food is usually good when I go.  Desserts are good.  Prime rib - ah.. I love prime rib.  Well I still don't know why we bother paying so much money to stuff ourselves.  I end up running to the gym (or the bathroom) after eating so much....
4	My favorite buffet in Vegas and I've tried A LOT of the buffets in Vegas.  The quality of food is impressive and the variety is great. My favorite is the prime rib and crab legs of course.  I also love the Creme Brulee.
4	This has been the crowd favorite for buffets in Vegas. I think the Wynn and Rio buffets are the other world class buffets in Vegas. We had the Sat brunch here. I don't normally eat buffets but the group decided so there we were. The selection was great. The lines were short, and the service was great, too. I had 3 plates of food, didn't leave feeling sick from over greasy brunch food, and was happy to have my first meal consist of brekkie favs like banana/nutella french toast, bacon, eggs benedict, chocolate hazelnut caramel mousse pie, and fresh mangoes. Bring your appetite! For about $25 an adult w/o alcohol, it was a good deal in Vegas.
4	The first time I ate here, I was highly disappointed. Nothing wowed me. The second time..my friends and I came right before they put in the dinner price, and I don't know if that had any influence on what I felt about the flavor of the food, but it did taste much better. I was really enjoying the seafood and the prime rib..the kobe brisket was a bit on the tough side. So I guess buffets can have their off days, but I'm glad to say that I would come back here again.
3	Went to this buffet for lunch. It was pretty good. Compared to the Wynn lunch, it was better. The price ($19.95) was not too bad. Lots of selection. Lamb, pork, turkey, salads, seafood, chinese, italian, all hot, all good. Dessert, was also pretty good. Anyway, there isn't much to say about buffets.
3	This brunch buffet is good, but not as good as Mandalay Bay's.  There was a definite selection among the food.  They also had a build your own omelet station, but I went for the scrambled eggs instead.  They were a bit runny.  They did have a french toast stuffed with chocolate and bananas -- it was quite delicious.  Overall, good but not great.
2	Everyone comes to this buffet because they think " I cant go wrong with Bellagio! "Think again, buster!!! This place is nothing but average. The only thing that maybe let me lift up an eye was the spicy tuna handroll. The roast beef was not bad and same with shrimp cocktail, but aren't these served at every buffet in the strip?The food was nothing special. There was a shitload of breads, pizzas, pastas, mashed-potatoes type stuff. Honestly, this food is stuff you can find at your typical pizza joint or olive garden.So unless you just want to get a bite to eat, I wouldn't go here expecting "good food."I'd say the wynn or the mandalay bay buffets are slightly better/nicer.
4	Vegas buffets make me feel like a contestant on Supermarket Sweep (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSwmFurzkpQ), combing the stations for the most expensive offerings to make sure I get the biggest bang for the buck.Luckily, my first trip to the Bellagio Buffet was after an early east coast flight that got me in to Vegas at 12PM Vegas time but 3PM on my body clock.  Having not eaten anything besides some Delta-provided cookies, I decided to use the buffet to catch up on breakfast and lunch.  Here's how it went:BreakfastFantastic pancakes and thick-cut bacon.  Better than most I have when I go out for brunch.  French toast was thick but bland.  Cheese blintzes good but better with strawberry sauce on top of them.LunchVery good prime rib and leg of lamb at the carving station.  Asked for medium rare - got medium rare.  The rubs on each were very flavorful.Cocktail shrimp were nice and plump.  Tried a few vegetables and Singapore noodels that were just so-so.I was disappointed there weren't any crab legs or something else that was a cut above the norm - steak, lobster, etc.DessertYeah, still had room.  Liked the sundae station (ground up Butterfingers as topping is a plus).  The fruit tart I tried was average but the chocolate chip cookie was very good.All in all, a step above the other buffets I've had.  I earned by $26 worth.  Worthy choice for a 1-2 meal sitting.
5	Best buffet. Anywhere. Hands down. Warning: Be prepared to take a long nap afterwards.
4	This is one of the better buffets in Vegas...It was surprisingly priced at about $28 per person.  I swore I paid more for this place before or it might've been that we came here on a Sunday night.The food selection was abundant unlike most buffets.  They had foods from various cultures like Chinese, Mexican, American, etc...
3	Complete gluttony.Everything you want.  Anything you want.  As much as you want.Whatever you want.Sounds very vegas right?Bellagio buffet is that way.We went to this place during my friend's bachelor party for dinner at 8pmWe were greeted by a line of over 200 people.   The wait was probably 45 minutes.  It gave me time to catch up w/a lot of my friends from High School while in line.   I was ALSO reminded why I don't talk to many of them as much anymore.They would only talk about iphones, anime, and video games...hmmm...by the 2nd row of the line..it got old REALLY fast.I ended up talking to other people in line and had a better time!We finally were seated to this spacious table for 10 and took off to the buffett.Steaks, sirloin, crablegs, salds of all kinds, korean/chinese/japanese food etc.  For a person who's kind of a hoarder(me)..this place is dangerous.I wanted to try EVERYTHING.  But I knew that I would pay the price if I did.  Oh well..I was only here two days.  Might as well do it.I had a piece of every food..and then some.So did all of my anime friends.*sigh*Have you ever experienced...Meat OVERKILL?We did..right around the 3rd or 4th plate.I dunno HOW those competitive eaters get through these buffet sessions..it probably doesn't phase them!The quality of the food was better than average and that's all you can really expect at a no holds barred cafe.   YOu cannot expect 4-5 star food at a buffet.  NOT GOING TO HAPPEN.But if you like pretty decent food and lots of it...Bellagio Buffet is the best of vegas.   Although some would argue that Wynn and the Venetian are better.  I'll have to see.For the meat/and entrees..it's 4-5 stars.   I gave it 3 stars because the desserts were not up to par for me.   Most had very little or no flavor and were over sugared.   IF they can step up their dessert game then I think they have the best in vegas hands down.I don't have much commentary on the patrons..except..most looked overgambled, very heavy and the girls that were hot looked very worn down and overdyed(hair).   So typical vegas crowd.Indulge till you get sick!btw..I didn't eat meat for 3 weeks after this
3	As far as buffet goes, this is probably the buffet that has most variety of food that you can imagine.  It ranges from salad to sushi to steak to Chinese food to Italian.  The dessert table just goes on and on and never stops.  The people who work there behind some of the buffet tables are probably actually chefs, or at least they look like chefs. However, just like any buffet, the taste of food is replaced by the huge variety of food--that means, you get a lot of choices but you don't really get just one piece of really good something.  It was impossible for me to try all the items on the buffet, but I did try enough I think.  I am glad that I went there to have the "best" buffet in town.  It was actually our first meal in Vegas.  Can't say that I was disappointed, but can't say that I was terribly impressed.  Bottom line, it's a buffet.
4	I had to check out this buffet after all the glowing reviews I read. All in all this buffet lived up to the hype and was very good.I went for the breakfast buffet on a weekday and didn't have to wait at all. For about $15 you get fruit, pancakes, lovely little waffles with the Bellagio logo imprinted on them, all kinds of danishes, a variety of cereals, an omelette bar with other hot breakfast items (scrambled eggs, potatoes, etc), little bagels, and pizza.Everything was very, very GOOD. Nothing re-heated, all made from scratch and it showed.The service was good too.I would highly recommend this place.
3	It was a monday night in vegas and we decided to check out the Bellagio Buffet.  This used to be a highly rated buffet and I used to somewhat look forward to coming here but it may be possible that the buffet has gone down in quality or my buffet eating days are over.They do have a pretty broad selection of foods from Chinese, Japanese, Italian and everything in-between.  There definitely is no lack of variety here.  Many of the items are standard fare at the higher end buffets in Sin City.  A mountain of shrimp cocktail and snow crab legs on ice always draw a small line.  The shrimp cocktail was it's usual, appetizing, but the snow crab was not as fresh as usual and had a funny taste to it.  The meat was hard to get out of the shells which is usually a sign that the crab wasn't fresh.  Maybe being there on a Monday has something to do with it.The selection of fish was great.  Salmon that was prepared sashimi, smoked, poached, and every which way you can imagine.  There was also swordfish and sea bass.For dessert fans there is a huge bar filled with mini cheesecakes, carrot cake, soft serve ice cream, creme brulee, and much, much more.  This is great for anyone who just wants to try a little bit of everything.I would still venture to the Vegas buffets.  Once in awhile you just like the variety and don't care enough to think of a specific restaurant to eat at.  The smorgasbord in the Bellagio is a good backdrop for an eating competition or where quantity rules over quantity.
3	I am giving this buffet 3 stars because of the price that this buffet has. The food was just "alright" for me. I went on a Friday night (Lobster night!), and the dinner was $50! It definitely was not worth it. I mean, they had a great variety of gourmet items, but I still was not impressed by it. I would rather shelf out $50 at the Rio's Seafood buffet than this. Highly overrated place. Maybe breakfast will change my mind about it. Who can go wrong with pancakes, waffles, eggs, and sausages?*Updated on 3/24/08: I actually ate here for breakfast for the first time. I actually liked it better than the Paris buffet for their french toast, but they didn't have the crepes! =/ They also didn't have sausages, so I was even more disappointed! We actually came at the end of breakfast and the beginning of lunch, so that's probably why! I will give it another try! Maybe for my next attempt, I will be more gracious with the stars!
5	ah, ate there a few days ago and i'm still full.  ;-)   ok, well, it's still in my mind.  best buffet ever!   i liked: all you can eat rack of lamb!  chilean sea bass was excellent too!  these are restaurant-entry quality.also got to try: venison, beef wellington, and beef tartar.   many others were good -- too many!  didn't even try the prime rib - too common and too many other interesting things to try!desserts: i like the bananas foster, apricot mousse, tiramisu in it's own chocolate cup.line: i asked and they said 1/2 hour.  we got in in 15 min.
5	Had this buffet for dinner about 3 weeks ago. It was spectacular. I have never seen so much food in my life. And just about everything I added to my plate was good. I think we paid around 30.00 per person and I thought it was worth every penny. Get there early, though (we arrived at 6pm and there was no line; 90 minutes later, it was unbelievable!!) Make sure to try a little of everything. Otherwise you'll feel deprived. Enjoy!
2	Gag. Everything was overheated, overcooked, not hot enough, or stale. I was pretty disappointed, and won't be eating at this buffet again.
3	I wasn't that impressed... I thought the Spice Market at the Planet Hollywood (Aladdin) was a lot better.  There's a lot of selection here - but more doesn't necessarily mean better.There wasn't a lot for Chicken-eaters to eat.
4	We must have gotten very lucky because we only waited 30 minutes.  We arrived 7:15PM on February 12.  As mentioned elsewhere the service was excellent, kudos to our waiter, Mariano.  We had a guest in town from Europe that wanted sushi. We weren't expecting to find great sushi in Vegas but went to the expense of getting him to Social House on Feb 11th.  When it came to actual ordering we found that the "sushi" required was hard to get wrong basics and the sushi at Bellagio filled the bill just fine.  Everyone was pleased with the variety and I thought the quality of ingredients was very good.  I love seafood so that may part of why I appreciated the selection.  They could have had one more hot green vegetable to put alongside their five kinds of potatoes though.  The price seemed reasonable.
4	Get there early, feast all night. Huge selection of just about anything your little fat heart could desire. I bee-lined for the Kobe Beef, seemed the crab legs were a major draw for many (massive piles of leg debris on some tables). Overall just an experience in itself so you can say you hit that buffet and made it bow to you.
4	I heard about how great the Bellagio buffet was so many times.  Well at least about how much food they had there so of course I had to try it.We spent the $35 for dinner, got there around your typical dinner time on a Saturday night.  The wait was pretty short, about 15-20 min.  Well my friends were right they had a TON of food.  And this was death to my stomach.  I kid you not, I sat here for over 2 hours eating and eating and eating.  Long after my bf stopped I was still going at it (hey I had to his $35 worth of food!)I really liked the spicy tuna hand rolls!!!  The kobe beef was okay, I like some of their other meats better.  The soups and pastas were good too.  What I liked the best were the desserts!!!!!!!!!  They had so many and they all looked so pretty!  I took a giant bite of at least 8 different ones.  The chocolate covered strawberries weren't as good as they looked.  I don't think the strawberries were that fresh...in fact some of them tasted like they were starting to go bad =(Also the crab legs were so salty and kind of tasted like nothing.  That was the biggest dissapointment beause I love crabs!Overall the food was generally good and I had fun so 4 stars it is!
4	Expensive, but worth the long wait in line. I ate so much food and enjoyed the desserts the most. mmmmm....creme brulee. They also have soft serve icecream. The seafood selection was great- The blue fin tuna was the best fish I've ever had at a buffet! I thought that this buffet would totally blow my diet, but there were plenty of healthy options that tasted great!
4	I think this is the first place I've ever had a $40 meal that was not sponsored by someone else. I mean, I'm not one to shy away from shelling out money for food, but still, it's pushing the envelope a little to pay this much for a buffet. (I went on a Saturday which is slightly more expensive than weekdays.)Even though the line looked huge, it didn't take us very long to get inside.That said, the food here is pretty amazing. The pasta and seafood were my favorites. Unfortunately I wasn't as hungry as I should have been and was also recovering from a really draining Las Vegas night, so I'm still kind of bitter I didn't get my money's worth.I will say that the dessert was a letdown; you don't really need to bother saving room. Though, like a typical buffet, they ave everything from cheesecake to bread pudding to creme brulee, I wasn't particularly impressed by any of them.It was good, but I'd say if you're going to spend $40 on a meal, you might as well take it to fine dining and get some ambiance and attention.
3	The King of Buffets...has been dethroned.Just like the way it is mandatory for me to sit down to a good game of Blackjack when I am in Vegas...chowin' down at an all-you-can-gorge buffet is also a must-do on the Sin City itinerary.Since I was of pre-gambling age, the Bellagio has reigned supreme as "the" buffet to eat at.  With their vast array of seafood, carved meats, entrees, and desserts...It has always been gluttony at its best...That is until now.Our most recent chow-down at the Bellagio was somewhat less-than-spectacular.  Somehow they seemed to have cut down on there seafood offerings.  Shrimp cocktail is still offered, but not a single Alasakan king crab leg was in sight when we went for Sunday brunch.  Entree selections are plentiful...but nothing was too special.  Desserts have also gotten quite mundane.  Overall experience was a 3.5 STARS.In comparison to our recent experience at the Wynn, we have to say that "the" premiere Vegas buffet is now "The Buffet" at Wynn.  Until Bellagio tunes up its buffet...our money and appetites will be resting with the Wynn.
4	This review isn't about the most food, its about the choices. Being vegetarian this week I went in with expectations to only eating salad instead finding a vast array of choices. Not only were there many choices for me, the variety was well worth it. The layout of the buffet was nice and stations did not repeat themselves instead you have many more choices including the standards but the specialty was what made it perfect. The restroom is inside the premises so you don't need to venture off like most places fighting your way through the crowds in the casino to try to rush back. The service was a little slower than I would have expected but the personalities were great and didn't frown on my 3 drink choices (couldn't make up my minds).
4	I don't think much explanation is needed for this place. It's one of the best in Vegas. I came for brunch and didn't have to wait in line. No complaints - except for the melted frozen yogurt, but it's a good thing I didn't eat that.I still think Rio is better - the buffet bar is so much bigger yet still keeps its quality.JONASAPPROVED!
5	Yummy yum yum yum!  You can't go wrong with the Buffet at Bellagio, very pricey but so worth it.  Total total total yum.  And the dessert selection was super duper.  I could go on and on, but no need.  You know it's a must to go to a buffet in Vegas so come here and totally indulge yourself, and don't expect to be on any sort of diet either, the temptations are too great.  I am curious about the one at the Wynn so will try next time when we plan another trip out there.  Don't forget to bring the ziplock bags for sneaking in those extras for the hotel stay (okay, just kidding...)!
3	Eh, I dunno what all the fuss is about. This place is ok - I rather do brunch at Paris buffet (which I think is the best buffet in Vegas).  I've been here a couple time and nothing was outstanding - just a little fancier than your Home Town Buffet. I guess if your agenda is to eat as much king crab leg and prime rib as you can, regardless of taste, texture, then this is the place to do it! I'd pick Bellagio over Wynn buffet cuz at least Bellagio has a good selection of fresh fruit vs Wynn's fruit-in-syrup crap. Oh yea, I remember Bellagio had chocolate covered strawberries.
5	Love it.It's like they sprinkle cocaine into all of their food to make it taste better.I like going between 10am-11am which allows you to get charged for breakfast (14.95), but you get to enjoy lunch and breakfast!!Many things I had here were the best ever.  For example-Their scrambled eggs were the best eggs I've ever tasted-Their eggs benedict were awesome-OMG, their FRENCH TOAST WAS AMAZING!!!-Chocolate covered strawberries for dessert surpassed Godiva's chocolate covered strawberries by farSo yeah.How the hell do they make their scrambled eggs taste like that?  I mean seriously.  Cocaine?  Pampered chickens that recieve massages and squirt out only the best tasting eggs?
3	Went just 2 days ago, was expecting greatness and was let down.  The things I enjoyed...prime rib (pretty good but the outside was chewy and had to get many slices to satisfy my appetite), shrimp cocktail, eggs benedict, cheese blintz, smoked salmon and some of the desserts (they were just ok). Didn't like duck leg, leg of lamb, or the lack of seafood, no lobster, or crab or fish that I wanted, also they started clearing the selections so I felt like we had less and less everytime I went back. Also Deb felt sick for the rest of the day and next morning most likely related to our food here. Maybe it was bad timing @230?!
5	Possibly my favorite Buffet at the Strip. Alittle pricey, but the food is great, and i love all the deserts!
4	Truly dizzying array of choices from around the world await you here.  and if you're the typical American who opts for quantity over quality, then this buffet won't disappoint.   i admittedly did somewhat enjoy wolfing down ghastly amount of food at this buffet, but i also had dishes on my plate left uneaten - and that's bad.  i had a completely different experience at Paris' Le Village Buffet.  there, i actually savored every dish that was on my plate; the food was soooooo good that i wiped my plate clean.  in my opinion, Le Village has more culinary masterpieces than Bellagio's buffet.
5	Hands down the best buffet in Vegas.They have the best variety and it's all fresh.My trick is to go in at 3:30 and then wait til they put out the king crab legs at half the dinner price!There is everything you could want at this buffet and it all tastes amazing. Ask for the chocolate covered strawberries that they don't put out at lunch and they will happily hand them over!The Wynn has nothing on Bellagio!
5	This is THE best buffet in the world without a doubt. I absolutely love it. I recommend going towards the end of lunch so that you are charged the lunch rate, but are still there when they bring out the dinner dishes.
5	BEST champagne brunch! well the only champagne brunch ive been to, but the BEST buffet! haha we happen to go during easter weekend so it was more expensive than usual ($40/person instead of $30-something) everything was really good and the champagne was delish. i definately recommend it and would go again!
4	Another freebie for SO and I ...last time at this buffet - about 1.5 years ago - if i did a review  on this i w ould've given it 5 stars - i've noticed a slight drop in quality - mainly the king crab legs are smaller and way too cold as in semi-frozen and most of the food was  warm instead of hot. i believe the cost on a tuesday would've been $28/person.  highlights - prime rib, lamb, chilean sea bass, grilled veggies, mac n cheese, dessertslos - jr crab legs, pizza, pesto mashed
4	After dancing the night away at Tao, I was ready for an extravagant brunch buffet at Bellagio! At 11am, there was not much of a line to get inside. I went for the unlimited champagne brunch, which cost about $30 -  only $6 more than the regular brunch.My eyes are always much bigger than my stomach at buffets, but by now I've learned to work out a system that is the least wasteful. Check out all the food first, go for proteins and take small portions, stay away from carbs as much as possible, and then save the most room for dessert!The food at the dinner buffet is definitely much better than brunch, but you also pay a lot more. Brunch is good, but nothing is really spectacular. The beef tenderloin, spicy tuna hand rolls with spicy sweet sauce, and leg of lamb were my favorites. The desserts were the best part - the cheesecake and carrot cake are delectable! My mimosa came in a large wine glass, which is smart on their end because they don't have to come around pouring as much. I actually only managed to drink one glass, which turned out to be just enough. If we had stayed there for a couple hours, I'm sure I would've had another glass or two.If you only have time to do one buffet during your stay, I'd recommend The Buffet at Wynn instead. A little pricier, but a much better variety!
4	Only the philistines wastes valuable stomach capacity on carbs, unless it's dessert at the end.  The Bellagio Buffet is one of the best buffets in Vegas.  My new work team went here on the first night of the sales conference.  We walked from Venetian to Bellagio, which in theory should only take 7-10 minutes but as everyone knows takes 30.  I definitely think that Monday-Wednesday the variety isn't at 100%, more like 80-85.  The quality is definitely there, but it just seems like some things are missing.I came here two years ago for breakfast and it was amazing.  This time, every member had a different buffet strategy.  Mine was to go for seafood first, then all other proteins, then a few veggies, then dessert.  Only the philistines eat carbs.  Pasta, breads, tortillas, rice ... you can get that anywhere and everywhere.  We feasted on shrimp, mahi mahi, swordfish, crab, and ceviche.  The buffalo sirloin was a bit dry, sadly.The desserts were fantastic.  Between the 6 of us, we grabbed every dessert they had.  The creme brulee (my fav) was very good and the flan was excellent as well.  Honestly, it's just about the best $30 you can spend on food in Vegas.
4	the long is too line. the line is so long that you start twisting your words. it looks like a lot of food at your fingertips but it ain't all that. the quality, i mean.
5	I dined here on a Monday night around 6:30PM  and there was no line at all.  When my party left at 8:00PM there was a very long line so I suggest getting here between 5 to 7pm and come on a weekday to avoid the excessively long wait most people on this board say.  The price was 27.95 for the weekday dinner and comes out to around $30 after taxes.  It is a little higher on the weekends for the gourmet buffet which just includes a few extras like lamb chops, chocolate strawberries, etc.I would have to say the Bellagio buffet is WAY better than the buffet at the Wynn mostly in terms of actual taste of the food if you are undecided which one to dine at.  I found all the food at the Bellagio to be very well seasoned and cooked.  My only complaint is that the shrimp cocktail was covered with ice and was not that appetizing to eat.   The meat selection featuring chicken wellington and buffalo sirloin were actually pretty bad too but who eats this stuff when there is delicious prime rib around the corner.  The prime rib was the highlight of the meal as it was probably the best tasting and tender prime I've had at all the Vegas buffets - I have been to almost every buffet in town.  The tortellini with fried pieces of prosciutto was very, very good too.  The desserts were outstanding as well - much better than the Wynn in terms of taste again.  I would definitely recommend the B buffet over the Wynn buffet, hands down.
4	I generally think buffets are a waste of money. I mean, how many plates of food can one eat? I was with my five other girlfriends after a long night of drinking and gambling. We needed some food.The food spread is impressive. There is really something for everyone here... breakfast, lunch and dinner foods. I stuck with the eggs benedict, shimp cocktail and some fruit, but between the six of us, we had a good sampling of food. The dessert section is out of control. Crembrulee, eclairs, chocolate raspberry ganace cake, profiteroles... they have it all. Next time, I will stick to this section only :)
5	I have tried most of the buffets in Vegas and this one is a MUST ( I haven't tried the one at the Wynn yet but heard that one is good too).  The trick I use at this buffet is that I go right at the end of lunch so I pay the cheaper price and then they turn over the food for dinner once you are already in there ;).  I really like the pizza, shrimp, mashed sweet potatoes, prime rib, sushi. Ok I pretty much like everything there ESPECIALLY the desserts. The chocolate covered strawberries, creme brulee and fruit tarts are sooo good. I can easily spend 3 hours in there.  I have had the Sunday brunch once and the food was good as well but I still like going right before lunch ends so it turns to dinner.  The only thing I haven't liked was the elk but at least I can say I have tried it. There is truly something for everyone here, enjoy!
4	I've been to a lot of the major buffets (Caesars, Mirage, Wynn, Paris, etc.) and this buffet is still my all time favorite for Sunday brunch.  I love their omelet bar that has the most variety of items compared to other buffets.  The last time I went there was an individual who was going around making sure all items were fresh, made properly and whatever else they look for.  They threw a whole plate of freshly made french toast for some reason or another, but whatever it was, I'm glad they make sure to give their customers the highest quality of food.  This is a place worth forking out the money for, you'll be glad you did.
5	Excelente. Bravo. Encore. I wish I could've taken some to-go. mwahah..The price (about $30/each) was competitive with other quality dinner buffets in Vegas.The selection of foods and desserts was wonderful. The juicy prime rib, and swordfish filets were DE-LICIOUS!I piled one of everything that I found particularly appetizing and savory on my plate, and I did the same thing with the desserts in an attempt to sample almost everything. That's what buffets are for!..It was all so tasty.The one thing they can improve on is to have really fresh sashimi and/or nigiri at the sushi bar. I have yet to see outstanding sushi at a buffet. Maybe that's not possible..=) But I did take a spicy tuna handroll for the heck of it.Bellagio Buffet truly is one of the best buffets in Vegas.I also like Le Village Buffet at Paris (http://www.yelp.com/biz/le-village-buffet-las-vegas). I still need to try Wynn's. It was too crowded when we walked past (also more expensive.)
3	The only part of the Bellagio buffet that is worth going to is the champaign brunch. It is a bit pricey, but is one of the best brunches I've ever had and is worth checking out.The rest of the buffet options (especially the "gourmet" dinner) are over priced setups for college cafeteria quality food.The fish was dry, the meat was tough, and the vegetables tasted like they were out of a can.The service was also unfriendly and the atmosphere was very cold.I would recommend going for the champaign brunch, but avoid everything else - there is better quality for better price at other locations.
3	So many varieties of food to choose from!! All beautifully presented. The food didn't taste all that great but what can you expect from a buffet?I did like the lobster ravioli. There were big chucks of lobster meat with a delish creme sauce to top it off. Don't eat too many because they can be pretty filling. The pesto pizza was also very good. I'm craving for some right now! All the other dishes were just so-so. Not as great as I expected it to be. Their dessert area has got to be the prettiest. All beautifully made with assorted chocolate cake, cheesecake, creme brulee, chocolate dipped strawberries (my fav.), assorted creme puffs, and more. They looked very good and appealing but didn't taste the same way. Chocolate cake didn't taste like chocolate cake. The creme brulee didn't have enough flavor. The desserts were just great to look at. Overall, I think i'm done with buffets here. They do have a lot of food but its just not that good for me to come back.
5	I was in Vegas last March for a wedding and one of the stops that I was fortunate enough to reach was the Bellagio's buffet!!Man, this place had E-V-E-R-Y-T-H-I-N-G!  It had asian food, seafood, different meats, a dessert bar as big as the sushi bar, and a salad bar to top it off.  I'm a bit of a fattie when I find food I like and while my girlfriend and her parents finished at 2 plates.. I didn't satisfy my craving until 5.  I knew I wouldn't be coming back anytime soon so I had to get my fill of this place so I could savor the many flavors in my memories.  Here's a list of what I remember having:-Herb Roasted Potatoes-Stir Fried Vegetables-Sliced Ham-Lemon Salmon-California and Unagi Rolls-Potato Salad-Jello-Frozen Yogurt-Pizza-Mixed Vegetables-Key Lime Pie-Cheesecake-Chocolate Pie-Creme Brulee-Chocolate EclairThere's probably more but since it was all the way back in March I can't remember it all =PThis place is expensive though for dinner.. about $50 a person when I went. But hey, it's Vegas.  I would definitely recommend this as a MUST if you're ever in the area.  Despite the high price, you'd probably see me here again and again if I lived near by.
5	Oh, dear God, this place was delicious.  I ran out of time (we were rushing to eat after waiting about an hour in line... But I have no complaints... The wait was worth it!!) and room in my stomach to try all of the amazing food that they had to offer here.My favorite Vegas buffet, for sure.
5	This buffet is EPIC.  As far as buffets go in Vegas, you get what you pay for, and his one is up there.  The crab legs, the plump, delicious shrimp, the prime rib, the buffalo sirloin, oh man, I wish I was there now...  my only regret is that my stomach couldn't fit any more in
5	Yum Yum and more Yum!Gosh...219 reviews? What more can I add?? All I can say is this is a MUST if you visit Vegas. The food is delish...especially the crab legs and kobe beef. Their dessert buffet is huge too. Sucks they ran out of chocolate covered strawberries. =(Tip: The line on a weekend can get very long. I suggest you go there early or ask someone to wait in line for you. You can't be seated until you pay for everyone in your party.
5	While this is a buffet, I compare its food not against cheap buffets, but against fine restaurants. It measures up. I don't casually rate a restaurant five stars for fine dining, but as buffets go, this is pretty much the buffet of the gods. The food was spectacular. Absolutely delicious, every bite. Decadent. Outstanding. It *is* a buffet, so you do have to get up and get a plate and walk around and put food on your plate etc. However, the food is just far higher quality than almost any other buffet you'll ever see. Everything is made with superb ingredients, and it's obvious from the flavor, and the chefs make all the food perfect both in appearance and in taste. The decor is cheerful and classy, yet not so over the top that you'd feel out of place if you walk in wearing shorts and a polo shirt. The staff is cheerful, friendly and attentive. I visited several times, over two visits to Las Vegas. Most of the time, the line is very short. On one occasion it was quite long, but moved very quickly.I really look forward to visiting this buffet again each time I visit Las Vegas. I have already brought friends there, and will bring family as well.
3	*update* 5/27/08 - Came here again over the memorial day weekend. Got in line at 2 pm. It took 1 hour to get a table...worst yet I was told as a guest of the hotel I could've received a line pass when I checked in...you know it would've been nice if I was told that when I first checked in. Service was better this time around. But prices for lunch was $30 because it was "Gourmet" for the Memorial Day Weekend...I didn't notice any change in the food options offered compared to my last visit. dropping my review of Bellagio buffet from 4 to 3 stars.~GOld Review 11/6/07:Being a buffet fan, and after hearing so much hype about Bellagio Buffet being the #1 Buffet in Vegas I was curious, and hit it up with a group of friends last saturday (11/3/07).  I'll admit I was a little worried hearing that it was not worth it and costs around $50. To tell you the truth it was more like $35 plus tax&tip. So it really wasn't that much more expensive than the supposed "cheaper" options like The Spice Market in PH/Aladdin (which is still an excellent buffet). On to the food:The Good:  Alaskan King Crab Legs (plentifull, in three locations, always stacked high so you didn't have to wait forever for 80 year old women to take all the "good" ones. I highly recommend taking a place to get heated up..tasted 10x better). Lobster ravioli, rack of lamb, Prime rib, Braised short ribs, mashed potatoes, stir fried baby bok choy, all the desserts, the salad (hard to screw up), and the decor of the restaurant. The mediocre: The chinese food, and the beef wellington.The bad: I don't expect great sushi at a buffet, but the sushi sucked..and the rice with it was smashed so much it looked & tasted like mash potatoes made of rice...or solidified congee. and the fish on top was dried out and nasty. And the mac&cheese (how hard is it to screw up?!?) sucked too.Service: This also sucked. They took pretty much forever to get us any drinks and refills, and clearing off our table took forever. We had one waitress for ten people, and she was VERY rude to us as well. On top of that because we had over 8 ppl, we were charged an automatic 18% gratuity, which is A LOT for a buffet considering you get your own food? and the service sucked..I was almost going to talk to a manager to get my gratuity lowered or refunded completely, but I didn't want to deal with the BS. I expected much better service especially from a place being run in the Bellagio.Overall: The food quality was very good, it's only really a little pricier than neighboring Buffets, but the quality is 3x better. Although I will say it's still a buffet, so it's about variety and quantity, so if you don't eat much..spend your money else where on a very high quality single plate of food. I'd probably visit again hoping for better service, so 4 stars. Although get there early..when we left, the line was long as hell.~G
4	If I had more space in my tummy, I would've given this 5 stars.  However, I just couldn't enjoy all the yummy food they had there.  I was just STUFFED.  For $30ish??? all this gourmet food?   Incredible deal.  My favorite - the pesto mashed potatoes.  YUM YUM YUM.  They also had sushi (rainbow roll, salmon nigiri, etc.)  It was very delicious!!
5	This buffet is really the best in town!  My favorites are the shrimp, real crab California rolls, oven roasted salmon and flank steak.  Yum!  This is one of the reasons I will be back to Vegas many many many more times.  Go for lunch - $20 - not bad, not bad at all for all that you get.
4	i've tried many a buffets in vegas on the strip and this one is definitely one of the top ones (just a notch below wynn). champagne brunch for $31 (incl tax), typical. carinavore:a good variety of meats including lamb, prime rib, chicken wellington (YUM!). top of the morning to ya:breakfast selections including scramble eggs, sausage, pancakes, lots and lots of breads. oatmeal, cereal. they had this hazelnut chocolate banana bread/sandwich grill that was super delish but also super sweet. i from the east to the west:but i wish they offered a little more in their sushi bar. i did like their spicy tuna hand roll. the miso soup was a bit salty. white salmon, and red salmon sushi pieces were yummy. cold crab salad...mmmmm! roasted duck in soy sauce was absolutely to die for! lots of noodle and rice (plain and fried. curry, bok choy.mi amore:many varieties of pizzas, including a breakfast pizza (sausage and scramble eggs), pastas (definitely try the pesto pasta!).vegetarian:many salad to choose from. make your own or have a serving of their fresh tossed cesars salad. fruits including melons, pineapples, strawberries. i tried one of their cold salads which had barley and pieces of roast duck....it was soooooooo good!sweet tooth:lots of desserts, many cakes and cookies. FLAN was my favorite. two flavors of ice cream and two flavors of sorbet or frozen yogurt....couldnt tell. the service was really nice, you know...those ladies that bring you your drinks and takes your plates away. tip them well ppl!oh! and i won $10 playing keno while eating! now thats vegas style! =)
4	great food, too bad it was so expensive -_- $40 dollars???? But again, the food was great. I loved their corn chowder, their selection of desserts are wonderful.... mmm chocolate covered strawberries and apricot mousse. **side note their chocolate covered strawberries go fast, so u kind of have to hover until they refill haha but they use GOOD CHOCOLATE... We went to eat at 4pm which was just in time, we waited in line for only 15-20 min RIGHT before the dinner line, after we finished the line was insane, it wrapped around and out along the casino.... so glad we went early
4	Everything in the buffet at the Bellagio is tasty. The fried rice, noodles, stir-fry, the Mexican, the greasy breakfast, the desserts, the shrimp, the pizza, the lobster, the pastries, the salads (they have a wicked good seaweed salad), you name it. Service ain't bad, either.The buffet is amazing, but not so amazing that you should wait in a long line to get in. If the line's moving and you want (lots of) good eats, it's probably worth the wait. Not really convincing, am I? Well, I'm holding back because this buffet sports a fantastic price: ~$40 for brunch/lunch! If you focus on eating seafood - selectively feasting upon lobster claws, shrimp cocktail, and fish - it's easy enough to stuff yourself silly with your money's worth.
5	Wow.  Simply wow!I've been to a few buffets at Las Vegas and THE BUFFET at the Bellagio is simply the best.  There's nothing really wrong with the other places except that they are all the same.  You get served the same food at every other place.  There's nothing to distinguish it from the rest of the strip.  Typically, you'll get a ton of fried food fillers, poor prime rib, some shrimp cocktail and a few other fillers.  Nothing to ever write home about.  You'll be full at the other places. At THE BUFFET, you get a great variety and the food is much higher quality.  Start with the Japanese section and you'll find yourself eating good sushi and sashimi along with an assortment of rolls.  There's also some really good salmon or ahi tuna poke.  In the hot food line, you can find veal, sea bass!, prime rib, bison, and a lot more.  The options here are unique in itself.  That's what drives me to come here if I'm in Vegas.  There's no other buffet that I'm willing to go to because I've already been spoiled by the Buffet.  Come here for the lunch price and stay for dinner.  It's the typical strategy that you'd want to employ.  Then sit and eat for a few hours until you can't move.   Enjoy!
4	On the 5th day into my week long Vegas vacation, my luck at the card tables took a turn for the worse which continued until the 6th day. In order to mitigate the status of my hemorraghing wallet, I decided to try the Buffet at the Bellagio. Now, let me preface it by saying that I am NOT the biggest fan of buffets because it's usually all about quantity and not quality. However, this particular buffet was surprisingly good, especially the breakfast/brunch selection. My favorite dish was the made-to-order omelette. I was mostly impressed by the overall freshness of all the food. None of it tasted like it had been sitting out for hours and the variety of food offered was dizzying. At $16 per person for the breakfast/brunch, I thought this buffet was a bargain for a Vegas Strip eatery.The dinner buffet, on the other hand, wasn't quite as good as the morning service, thus losing a star. The sushi, altough fresh, didn't taste very good, and some of their Chinese food were meh.
5	The brunch is AWESOME!  for a measly 28 bucks you get to stuff your face AND get bottomless mimosas (and the OJ in them is good!)  This was my second time here and will definitely be back.  The food was awesome too.  I would like to try the dinner buffet sometime...
3	Before our last trip to Vegas, the boyfriend and I saw that the Bellagio Buffet was featured on the Travel Channel as one of the top buffets in the nation. Needless to say, we were so intrigued by the images on TV that we made a stop at The Buffet while we were in Vegas. First off, I'm not too big on buffets anymore because I don't have a huge appetite anymore and I get full easily (I'm a tiny person), so I was put off by the $40 price for dinner. What caught my eye from the Travel Channel's show was the seafood and sushi part of The Buffet. I LOVE SEAFOOD, so the first things I put on my plate were the smoked salmon sashimi, hamachi sushi, and ahi and salmon Hawaii-style poke. I wasn't impressed by any of the fish, especially the poke. It was WAY too spicy and didn't taste anything like the authentic Hawaiian poke I know. The rest of the food was just okay. I was really impressed by how the desserts looked, though I'm not too much of a sweet-tooth anymore. I probably won't be eating here again because I don't think it's worth the $40, but at least I can say that I've eaten here. I actually liked the seafood more at Makino at the outlets.
5	This is among the best buffets in Las Vegas, and is my new favorite.  The selection and quality of food here is amazing!!!  Definitely a must-do if you're in the area!!
5	Pesto mashed potatoes. Yuuuuummmmmmm.I like that at the Bellagio, even though it costs maybe another $5 than other buffets on the Strip, you get unlimited Mimosas, a great selection of all-you-can-eat (especially fresh fruits) and some interesting food combinations for a brunch buffet, like those pesto mashed potatoes. This is one of the best buffets in Vegas and my personal favorite.
3	Only been here for their breakfast/brunch buffet and it was not great at all for the price you have to pay. They just have duplicate station on both sides so the selection was very limited. Can't comment on their lunch or dinner selection, not sure if I want to give it a try after the bad experience with brunch. Close to $30 for brunch I can get my fresh fruits, oatmeal, muffins, danish and omelet fix else where for cheaper and can you really eat your money's worth with smoked salmon...common now!
4	OK I admit it I like buffets...  I usually go to 2 or 3 when I'm in Vegas.  The Bellagio is the BEST I have found.  (Note I have tried the top ones - Paris, Wynn, Mirage)  They are all about the same prize.  Which I feel is a good bargain**.  I only go to either breakfast or lunch never done dinner.  That is just too white trash for me.The range of food at The Bellagio is excellent and the quality is top notch. The serves is by far the fastest and most efficient.   The food stations are very clean and well organized.  The wait to get into the buffets is very reasonable.   I would say the only draw back is that they don't change the menu.  We went in October and now just in June and it was the same dishes.  Bloody Mary is excellent and so is the Ice Tea.If you are a dessert person go to the Paris buffet they have better desserts and a crepe station.** Where can you get an omelet, bacon, sausage, OJ, coffee, fruit and other stuff for $15 dollars not even at Denny's
1	Its 2:30 am and I'm stuck in  my hotel room yellping from the iPhone  because the Bellagio buffet tore my insides out. Oh look, I get to watch jurrasic park rather than drunkenly roaming the strip. Thanks Bellagio buffet.
5	By far the best Buffet in town. Do yourself a favor...since you're already spending 30 bucks on this indulgence, go ahead and spring for the unlimited mimosas.If you're an early riser, like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how quickly you get in and get seated. Roll up around noon and you'll be treated to lines that take longer to get through than the amount of time you actually slept last night.It goes without saying that the food is high quality and there is plenty of it.
4	Went to Bellagio Buffet last week when a few friends came to town. We went to the buffet for dinner and I'm glad I wasn't disappointed.  I'm a value buffet eater.  I'll sit there and eat 3-4 plates of crab legs before I make a move for the Prime Rib. =)  The crab legs were delicious and fresh.  The prime rib was soft and tender and melted in my mouth, pretty good for a buffet.  I did try a few other things that were above average, but I can't remember them right now.  The desserts were pretty good.  My gf has a big sweet tooth so she grabbed one of each and most were pretty good.  I especially liked the creme brulee and the chocolate and peanut butter bar, I guess its called.  Overall, we will go back again.
5	Great Buffet. Lamb was superb. Crab was pre cracked. Service quick. Food fresh always "reloading"  Asian food~eh...(Rio's better at it) other than that pretty good. Will come back
4	I experienced the buffet when I came to Vegas during my Thanksgiving break!It was superb! I enjoyed practically everything with the exception of some of the Chinese dishes.Everything in all the ethnic sections was very very gourmet tasting. Fresh, classic takes on recipes that definitely lean towards the "gourmet" side of things. My favorite was the Thanksgiving meal and the rack of lamb. Japanese and italian were good too. All the seafood was fresh and delish! Service was good as well and the coffee and desserts rocked as well!My least favorite was the Chinese because I felt it was very ordinary and therefore very "non-gourmet". You have to gourmet it up so that it matches the quality of the other serving stations. Pricey, but worth it - just make sure you come hungry.
4	I've eaten at the Bellagio buffet a number of times for all three meals of the day and think it's one of the better buffets in Vegas.  I prefer the dinner over breakfast or lunch because there's greater value in the dinner.  It's not cheap but I find the quality of the food to be consistently good.  I like how the crab legs are sawed in half and the shells of the shrimp peeled so that they are ready to be devoured.  I tend to eat the pricey items (sushi, prime rib, seafood) and pass on the cheap fillers (pasta, pizza, various veggies).  The sushi is fair to middling but I have high standards for sushi.  However, on my last visit, I thought the spicy tuna hand rolls were delicious.  End your dinner with some coffee.  It's one of the best cups of coffee I've had in Vegas.  Incredibly flavorful and no bitter aftertaste.  I sent them an email to ask where I can get it!
5	What do you expect from a buffet? Georges Bataille might say that the buffet is about expenditure and sacrifice. You take in all that you can and then you expel it from your body. This is also the essence of capitalism and thus it is no surprise that the buffet is an icon of Vegas which is, for many, the icon of US consumer capitalism. That being said, it is hard to argue with excess!
4	All you can eat has several different meanings to me. It can mean, all you can stand to eat. It can mean, all you dare to eat. It can mean, all you dare to stand to eat. Or it can mean The Buffet at Bellagio. Which means, Mona is loading up and taking no prisoners. And we are talking some serious eating here.Smoke a joint first. I don't kid. You may want to work on expanding your belly capacity. Again, I don't kid. This is some world class excess. And nothing surpasses it.To those in line for the fruit and the salads? Ha! I laugh in your general direction. When you have a tray of crab legs in eye shot and you chose kiwi instead? That is some lame ass shit my friend. The seafood is always impeccable. And delicious. Turkey dinner? With all the fixings? Why not? Lamb chops? Bring 'em. And it just keeps coming. I out ate my boss. And he's a big boy. As I made my way back for the sixth plate he just giggled. And I did appreciate the lovely waiter saying, "I don't know where you put it honey." Do NOT pass up the whipped cream dessert items. Now please excuse me while I wipe the drool off my shirt.
5	Hypothetically, if I died tomorrow and needed a place to spend eternity, I would definitely haunt the buffet at Bellagio.My game plan: 1. Fill up on light loads (ahi tuna, and the weird shrimp salad was surprisingly good) 2. Go for the heavy hitters (Filet Mignon, prime rib, lamp chops were yummy, venison was... eh... stringy? I thought Bambi would be more tender... that purple sauce didn't help either... and smoked salmon) 3. Finally the "you'll never get full off of this" grand finale... crab legs. Well... eventually (two hours later) that theory was proven to be... quite false.After three plates of main course, it was time for what I aptly dubbed "Operation Dessert Storm." Of course we were all feeling it by now, but dammit, we made a pact to taste every dessert in here. So... between me and two of my friends, we grabbed one of each dessert from the bar and split each one three ways. By the end, all was left was about 3 giant piles of little plates and cups and a couple of lemon flavored stuff that nobody wanted. I guess the general consensus was that lemon flavor = too sour for this type of mass indigestion. Needless to say the waitress was thoroughly surprised that two guys and a girl can cause this amount of destruction. We left her a nice tip for carrying all those dishes and for putting up with us for three hours.In conclusion, the (over)abundance of fresh seafood, different types of delectable meat, and the endless variety of desserts... Bellagio, I think... I love you.
5	I took the "Capitalistic" approach from a previous Yelper and decided to take my three interns from mainland China to the bastion of Capitalism, Las Vegas, where excess is best.  We did not fret on the long lines waiting to enter the buffet, but we were a little hungry after their long flight, wrought with delays, coming to Las Vegas.  But the Bellagio did not disappoint.  From the seafood platters and bottomless Alaskan King Crab helpings to the Prime Rib, all were delicious and nutritous.  We all passed on the rice and bread and loaded up on the beef, crab, shrimp, and sashimi.  I was even surprised they served Poke here.  My favorite dessert was the mini creme brulee, a treat that can't be beat "Sorry, Twinkie the Kid!"  The price for four people during dinner was about $112, and it was well worth it.  The service was exceptionally attentive and surprisingly timely.  Whenever we got up and returned for another round of epicurean delight, our plates were cleared from the table.  My goodness, how often does that happen?  Bellagio buffet is here to stay. Well Done! And I shall return.
5	generally when i think of buffets, i think quantity over quality.  the exception has arrived. this buffet has amazing food, and the price is usually right at $20 (i went during 4th of july weekend, $40!)  the sushi was fresh, and the rest of the food was generally pretty tasty, especially the pizza.  the king crab legs are split in half already for no crack action, and the desserts decadent. try the creme brulee!come early, when we were on are way out we saw a line around the wall past the bathrooms.. for a $40 buffet!next time you go to vegas, come here (at least once). you will thank me, seriously.
5	ALL YOU CAN EAT. ANY TYPE OF FOOD YOU WANT. go here and be pleased. I had so many types of food, I can't even remember. They serve prime rib, and rotisserie chicken along with momosas. Go here for lunch, it's about $25, totally worth it!!
4	I agree, back in the day this place is like nothing I've ever seen and absolutely crazy good.  Now, it's just a little different, or maybe that's the problem.  Vegas has changed and changed again, but this buffet not so much.  HOWEVER, I still think it's the best buffet of all, wynn sucks!  Ususally I don't eat the king crab at other buffets, but at bellagio it tasted really good.  On weekends, there are sea urchins that are for decoration and to eat once you get the chef to cut it open for you.  I think they give you half.  Oh I need to be in Vegas..
5	Its pricey here but the creme brulee.............. my mouth is watering while i type up this review. i think this buffet should be visited by all the vistors. it takes me a long time to walk around because there is soooo much food and sooo many people. a must go in vegas!
3	for 30 bucks for dinner, its worth it. but if you want superb, go to the wynn buffet or the rio village seafood buffet. only a couple things stood out, their braised beef and their salmon/cheese hors devours. other than that, it was alright. some of the food tasted a little salty. i wouldnt mind going back but to me its not "a must" buffet.
3	Lunch Buffet Review!!!Variety of Cuisines... Food doesn't flow superbly well. Imagine on your plate: Prime Rib, Rack of Lamb, Sushi, Stir-fry, Breakfast dishes... etc etc. Rolled sushi sucks soooo bad. but the Spicy Tuna Hand Roll Made to order is exceptional. Quality is pretty up there for being a buffet.Desserts Galore. 10+ types of cakes.. Service A+. Price so so. $20+ for lunch.. Waiting in line for an hour.Overall though, it was just ok.
5	Even though the line was really long at dinner, it moved very quickly and was well worth the wait. It cost like $30, but was well worth the money. The food here is not buffet quality, it is like a fine dining buffet. They had everything from pastas to seafoods, it was so good. The sushi was very good, but I was stuck on the meats. The lamb, prime rib, steak, and chicken dishes were so good. I even had some very good fish. There is a great variety, and it is all such high quality. Honestly, the other buffets looked pretty pathetic in comparison. Unfortunately, the last time I ate there was over a year ago, so I can't remember specifically what was the best, but I strongly urge that you check this place out. It is worth the money/wait/dealing with stuck up rich folk for the most eloquent (yeah I said eloquent) buffet that likely exists.
2	Okay my hubby and I keep trying all the buffets in Vegas thinking ONE has to live up to our standards... sigh... once again not coming backSome things were okay and of course the selection is huge... the only real thing we enjoyed were the Mimosas for the Champagne Brunch.
3	Per usual, I yelp everything before i give it a try. However, I was sorely disappointed with Bellagio's buffet. Nothing was particularly bad, its just that nothing was YUM. For $30+ a person I was expecting fairly decent food. The crab legs were super salty and everything else was bland and unmemorable. I can honestly say that I prefer the cheap Asian buffets over Bellagio's. As for the dessert selection, which could've been its saving grace since I have a major sweet tooth, it was also a huge let down. The only thing they did well was the creme brulee, hence the extra star.
5	As we waited in the horrendously long line here, I sarcastically said to my girlfrind, attempting to make her feel twangs of guilt for pumping this up and making me walk a mile and wait for ages in the heat, "mmmm...I cant wait for the muffins, eggs benedict, omlette, oh and rack of lamb, chicken curry, sushi, fresh fruit, smoked salmon, apple crisp, duck, pork tenderloin, trout, ice cream, cookies, pizza....." you get the point. I was seeing mirages I was so effing hungry.Well, we finally made our way in, and guess what was there...muffins, eggs benedict, omlette, oh and rack of lamb, chicken curry, sushi, fresh fruit, smoked salmon, apple crisp, duck, pork tenderloin, trout, ice cream cookies, pizza...and SO much more.  I mean, I have never seen such an ecclectic array of  food in one place. And you know what? It was quality too! And let's not forget the all you can drink mimosas!!  Sure, we were cut off after about 7 or 8 a pop, but even I will admit that's pushing it... Let's be serious, we ate rack of lamb, duck, and so much more with that many drinks-all for $30!!!Oh and by the way, you can skip the line if you're willing to eat at the bar. If you need to eat (and drink) your hangover into oblivion, then look no further.
5	EX-CELL-LENT! I know that the long line can be a little daunting, but if I were you I would stick it out because the food there is fantastic! The quality of the sushi is great and they have a lot of other things like crab legs, prime rib, pizza, shrimp, a chinese food station, lamb, salads, fruit, etc etc. And everything about the food has so much quality!! There is also a dessert station and they have so many delicious desserts such as creme brulee, cheesecakes, chocolate mousses, and other types of desserts. :) I was in dessert heaven!! YUMMY IN MY TUMMY!Even though it is about $30 per person I would say that if you are hungry it is worth it. You can stay there for as long as you want relaxing with friends.
5	Excellent.  Easily the best Buffet in Las Vegas.  Pricey as usual, but definetly worth it.Bon Apetit :)
5	The dinner buffet was SO good.  On Friday and Saturday dinner is the gourmet buffet, which we had and you definitely get your money's worth.  The breakfast buffet was really good too.  Loved how everything was fresh tasting.Definitely try to get there earlier than usual dinner or breakfast to avoid lines.
5	Bellagio and the Wynn Hotel buffets are two of the best in Vegas.  The quality, and culinary touch is far better than the other Vegas buffets.  Bellagio's interior decor is surprisingly a bit cafeteria styled for one of the better hotels.
4	A requisite Vegas buffet experience, IMO, second on my Vegas "faves" list to Le Village @ Paris [http://www.yelp.com/biz/le-village-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:W7aoVNIZ1KeVYlTDfAqNrQ].As part of an annual summer Vegas trip, the dinner Buffet @ Bellagio has become a staple in our "Day 2" itinerary; smartly scheduled in anticipation that our collective hangovers from the first evening has not been appetite-debilitating.Buffets are a quandary for me.  Stocky and brutish as I may appear, I was actually much much heftier before, and being mindful of my weight and diet is usually counter-intuitive to all things "all you can eat".  Even so, with some will power and a discipline to try just the more uncommon dishes, little delectable tastes of lots of extravagant foods can be enjoyed WITHOUT getting stuffed...... after all, its hard to maintain what little bit of cute I've got going on, and this is Vegas, the cute has to always be on..._________________________Oh, Vegas.  There are super-secksified people even in these gluttony-inducing troves of culinary delight...
4	Of course, we had to experience the much-hyped buffet while staying at the hotel.  It was well worth it.  We did breakfast twice and then the Friday night dinner.  I am typically NOT a buffet person at all.  This, however, was not a typical buffet!Fortunately we had line passes for the duration of our trip but it wasn't an issue.  We were there super early for breakfast and there was no line to speak of.  Omelettes and crepes to order, pancakes, french toast, waffles, scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, chorizo with peppers, black beans, toast, roasted potatoes, pizza, fruit, granola, etc, etc.  Breakfast was all-around great.  Definitely worth $15.I stuck to my dinner plan and ate lotsa protein!  Kobe beef, venison, rack of lamb, prime rib, beef wellington, sea bass, sushi, crab, etc.   Probably worth $30 if you don't fill up on carbs.  I did try tiny bites of a couple of the pasta offerings and they were delicious but I wanted to get my money's worth so mainly had the meats.  Grilled asparagus was also very good.  The reviews of things like sushi are all over the place so I decided to check it out.  It wasn't bad, actually.  The rice was a little mushy, but the fish was fresh so it was nice to sample a couple of pieces.  My fiance had dozens of crab legs, literally.  So, he was happy!As for desserts, the creme brulee, the cappuccino mousse and the tiramisu were all very good.There was so much that I really didn't have time (or stomach space) to try it all.  There's always next time.
3	One of the better buffets in Vegas with a wide variety of food, quality fresh baked goods, and solid/well prepared seafood options.  Good desserts as well.   Certainly not as good as Paris, but a solid second tier option for those looking to eat a ton.Service was excellent and the line was short, so that was a plus, as well.A bit pricey, but you get what you pay for.  See pics.Highly recommend the stuffed french toast w/ Hazelnuts and Banana!
3	on sunday we came for the brunch buffet.  ive been here before.  the line was long.  we chose to sit at the bar which shortened our wait by a few minutes.  i tried almost everything.  a lot of things i took a bite of and didnt eat the rest.  some good things were the prime rib.  the african bluesomething fish.  scrambled eggs.  the fruit was ripe and fresh.  prawn cocktail.  white beans.  sweet potato mash.  soups.  i think i prefer the wynn buffet.  their presentation is a lot better and flavors and food more innovative. bellagio is more into giving you more more more.  for mashed potatoes they give you three kinds - normal, pesto and sweet. id rahter have one really good thing than  a lot of mediocre things.
3	The food is good, but I love love love the creme brulee here! They have some of the best desserts.
5	I've lived in California almost all of my 34 years.  During that time, I've probably been to Vegas about a dozen times.  I've been a part of a few Bachelor parties, several college midnight runs, and a few trips with my wife and family vacations.  In almost every one of my trips, we had a buffet experience.  Ok lets get something straight.  We all know that buffets simply don't match up to a comparably priced sit-down restaurants.  For that reason, I am rating this experience on the merits of the "buffet" category.  Having said that, I have to say that the food here was better than many sit-down restaurants I've experienced.Ok so the food selection is mind blowing.  You get Asian, Middle Eastern, Italian, American, seafood, salad bar, soups, breads, and a pretty large dessert bar.  Not only do you get a broad selection but you get pretty high quality.  Even the wasabi was the type you get at fine restaurants.  I mean it could make you tear up.  Tell me another buffet or restaurant that carries "Kobe"....that's right..."Kobe" beef briskets!  You get your money's worth.  If you are going to a buffet in Vegas, go to Bellagio...nuff said.
2	Of all the buffets at the casinos in Vegas, this is the worst yet...not bad, but there was a re-occuring theme of just-ok-ness throughout the meal. I'm referring to the overcooked cuts of meat, crappy dessert selection, cold food (when it should have been hot) and most of all, the lack of labeling the food stations (which pissed me off the most). It was aggravating to have to go to the front of the lines just to see what the food was or to view the itty-bitty food description signage.I will say, good selection of shrimp.
4	I looked forward to this event the whole weekend I was in Vegas, after seeing a special on the travel channel. I am a food enthusiast and they painted a very tantalizing picture on TV.We had to wait in line for about 45 minutes but it seemed to move at a steady pace, and we got there at 12:20 so it was probably one of the busiest times to get there.I was pleasantly surprised at the price, I expected to pay 45 dollars but it was only 28... so that was a bonus for me.There were so many selections it was mind blowing! The leg of lamb was fantastic...asparagus was excellent, and most of the seafood dishes were great. The roasted turkey was great too. If you like your meat like I do, you'll enjoy this buffet. I was hoping for crab legs and creme brulee but neither were offered (maybe they offer that for dinner?) so I was a bit crestfallen since I didn't get 2 of the things I was most looking forward to. Next time I think I will try some other buffets just to see if this one truly was the best as the travel channel touts.
4	Solid Buffet.  Small selection of sushi but the quality of the fish was great.  Wish they had oysters and lobster ... Big dessert selection.   Some advice... go early to avoid long lines
4	It's worth the price of admission. $26 for lunch gets you all the usual fixings. their chilean sea bass is a bit dry, but still great. The peasant duck is fatty but very tasty. The bbq salmon is really soft, but I would have preferred lemon-pepper or chile based honey/mango mix. Surprisingly, their OJ is really good too ha. The service and staff are really friendly. Definitely a top 10 buffet for lunch, though it's too much food, especially w/the filling flavors and assortments, you can't eat that much in my humble opinion.
4	Wow, I stopped by here when I was walking on the strip and I was hungry and wanted something to eat before watching Love. I went inside to bask in their air conditioning and check out the gift shop for the cirque show and my eyes got really wide when I saw the buffet.I got in line and waited for a long long time to get in for dinner. It was pretty expensive, ended up being between 40-50 bucks a person, but I thought the selection inside was worth it.The food was grouped by cuisine, and there were so many things to choose from. I got stuck with the crab legs and shrimp for a while. Their sushi was passable for buffet food, and I had a sampling from each little section. Their hummus and tabouli were good, and the dessert was very yummy.-1 star for the wait in line, and being seated in the middle of a bunch of families with little kids.
5	Last meal of our trip.  Oh my gosh, my husband almost had to roll me out - and I thought I was being good by only sampling a wee bit of everything.  But it's a whole lot of bits.  Ribs, lamb, chicken wellington, steak, several kinds of fish, pizzas, duck legs...  how could I not try all of it?  My favorites - the fresh shrimp and the ribs.  Oh, and throw on a cheese blintz.Desserts, which I couldn't even eat this time, has something for everyone.  Fresh fruits, pastries, cakes, bread pudding...Fast and friendly table service as well.  The line gets long, so if you can, try to get a line pass.  We learned this trip that the check-in desk only gives out line passes for those who stay in suites now (I guess they were giving too many out).  Try asking someone at the slot club desk - they give them out there (obviously, you have to be signed up with a slot card)
4	ehhhhhh.. I've been to better but then again the price for the buffet is unbeatable. 27 dollars?! I'm all over that YET I expected a little bit more from Bellagio.The food was extremely good A LOT of variety yet always picked over. I won't even get started on what they have there. Lets just say everything from macaroni and cheese to beef wellington. They food staff (people where you get the food) are very nice BUT the servers (people who get you drinks etc when you're sitting down) are rude, inconsistent and SLOW. They reminded me of being at a denny's at 3am in the morning. Other than that.. price is cheap.. food is good not GREAT but the people who work there (In my opinion) Should not be able to work for a place like the bellagio.. More of a Macdonald's atmosphere when they are around.
5	Went there for their brunch buffet and absolutely loved it! We go back for brunch at least one of the days on each trip to Vegas! Lots to choose from and very tasty, fresh food!
3	We came here on a sunday for dinner it was around 27 or 28 bucks which wasnt bad. I have to say it was an okay buffet. Kind of like the Wynn a bit more. The snow crabs was what I was waiting for this whole Vegas trip and I only ate two plates worth, and to me that isnt much. Why were they salty? Didnt make sense =( The rest of the food was pretty good. They have a good variety of food. The decor could do some better remodeling especially for it being in the Bellagio hotel. They had a lot of different desserts, but I was too full to really try any.
3	I'm being generous by giving out three stars.Environment:The buffet is located through the casino (of course) and right near the guest elevators. You have to wait in (a longggg) line and then they shuttle you off to a table. Like any other buffet, you sit down, order drinks, and move towards the plates. Yet, on this special day, as I sat down, I immediately felt sticky goo on my legs. Why would I feel this, you ask? Oh, only because there was SYRUP ALL OVER MY CHAIR! When I stood up, my dress was sticking to the chair and my legs were covered in goo. Disgusting. The waiter/bus boy simply handed me a wet towel (am I supposed to wipe down the chair myself?) and told me he would send over a manager. I peeled myself off the chair, of course the syrup all over my dress, and had to go back to my room and change. LUCKILY, I was staying at the Bellagio. What if I hadn't been staying there? Would I have to take a taxi with syrup all over me? After changing and coming back to the buffet, thirty minutes had already passed, and I had tickets to a show in less than an hour. Therefore, my $40 dinner was clearly not going to be worth it for me; who spends less than an hour at a buffet?? Did they refund me my dinner? No. They just offered to dry clean my dress.Food:The food is OKAY. The prime rib was juicy and tender, but they were stingy with the end cuts, the horseradish was not very spicy, and their au jus was too salty. The turkey was dry and only good because of their cranberry sauce that I poured over the meat (their cranberry sauce is good but could use more cloves/orange peel). The pesto mashed potatoes were my favorite, but I realized I was just filling up on carbs and had to save room for bigger and better things. The crab legs had lemon already squeezed on them - don't they realize not everyone likes lemon on their crab? The crab did not taste that fresh to me...a bit too fishy and not like the sea. Perhaps the lemon was to hide the non-freshness...? I tried their pesto chicken pasta and it was WAY too salty! I couldn't have more than one bite. The sweet potato puree had too much orange juice/flavoring or whatever they add. The sushi was definitely NOT fresh and probably only deserves one or two stars (please compare to A'Float Sushi). The salmon sushi was dry (how can raw fish be dry? how long was it sitting there?) and tasted like old sushi. Same goes for the albacore sushi. The only good thing from their raw fish/"Asian" section was the salmon poke not because the salmon quality was good (although it was better than the sushi's) but because the sauce was good. The dessert was the best part because they have a nice selection of sweet treats. The key lime was good, but the carrot cake was disappointing (too dry!).Why three stars?Overall, the food at the Bellagio buffet is decent: the prime rib deserves five stars but their sushi only deserves one star. The service was crappy, but I feel like that is the overall experience at the Bellagio (the guest service wasn't that great at the Bellagio, but that's another review).
4	awesome...forty bucks a person but right when you get your first plate, you pretty much get your money's worth right off the bat...apparently i still have to try the buffet at the wynn...i waited in line for about forty five minutes which isnt bad considering how long i wouldve had to wait for the wynn champagne brunch buffet...our waitress was very nice...we're given two forks, two knives and a spoon each...alaskan king crab, smoked salmon, beef wellington, pesto mashed potatoes, pesto spaetzle, shrimp, all different kinds of sushi (but they give too much rice. and i saw that a machine prepares the rice), shrimp pesto pizza, salmon roulade tarts, ribs, rack of lamb, lobster ravioli, creme brule, lobster dumplings, baked macaroni and cheese and beef tartar...thats just a summary of what i could remember...but they have twice as much and more to go with that...i had steak the night before so i didnt go near that...so yeah...worth the money...their dessert display is pretty crazy...for my first buffet in vegas, this was great...im not giving it a five because i just dont like buffets in general...except for a few special gems that i know about...but despite all the losing of your money vegas, this one is a winner every time...that is, every time you decide to wait in line for God only knows how long and then dish out $40 over and over again...vegas...interesting place...
3	People claim that this is the best buffet in Vegas.  Geez, say it aint so, because I'd feel sorry.  The food is decent, not great, but at the same time not bad.  Had the price been cheaper, then sure for the quality of the food you're getting your money's worth.  However, 40 smakeroos for dinner on top of an hour and a half wait for some only decent food it's not worth it.  Is the forty dollars for insurance against the possible gambling tubbies that might wipe out the food bars like Homer Simpson?
4	We hit up the Bellagio buffet Monday night of Labor Day weekend and we managed to get in ahead of the huge line that formed behind us.  We did have a bit of a wait, but the line moved rather quickly.  It's probably the priciest buffet I've ever been to at $40 per person, but I'm glad we went there.  Unlike the breakfast buffet at Planet Hollywood, everything my husband and I tried here was delicious.  From the prime rib to the chicken to the pasta to the crab legs (why were they cold though??!?) to the chicken noodle soup to the mashed potatoes to the macaroni and cheese to all the different desserts, it was all delicious.  Too delicious.  I even loved my lemonade, lol.  I would go back if I could ever stick to just a handful of items rather than bites of everything!  Our service was excellent once we got past the rude lady who seated us.
5	I can't believe others don't think this is one of the best, if not the best buffet in Las Vegas. Sure, it doesn't have massive selection like a Rio World buffet, but quality of the food at Bellagio is superb. I've been here for lunch and dinner on different trips and this place did not dissappoint. Let's start off with the best prime rib i've ever had. Better than 95% of the restaurants can even cook them. The prime rib melts in your mouth. Then, let's move on to their jumbo, fresh, crunchy cocktail shrimp. I think what put this buffet to the top of the list is the Chilean Sea bass. Seriously, aren't those one of the most expensive fish around? their other seafood like African Mussels are awesome. Their sushi bar is as fresh as most Japanese restaurants i've been to. It's also awesome they have someone making hand rolls for you too. Desert selection and quality is as good as it gets for a buffet. You can't go wrong with this place!
4	Hella. Fuckin. Good.What more can I say? Food was god damn good. Maybe it was the little trek we took from Tropicana to the Bellagio in the desert heat, or maybe it was the lack of breakfast and the night of drinking before. The buffet here was awesome. Pretzels, gulf shrimp, a good variety of foods, and nothing seemed dry, cheap, or over cooked. I dont know what else to say but trust that this has the average of 4 stars almost/over 300 reviews.
3	I went here five years ago and I said to everyone the best buffet in Vegas.  A few days ago, I went here again but this time for lunch and well, they have lost there title for the best.  The food quality is slipped downhill as I do not find anything different from the other upscale buffets.  Even Planet Hollywood and Paris are the same as bellagio.  When I went last time, the fruits served were exotic ones like lychee and star fruit from overseas.  Now they serve oranges, watermelon, Melons.  okay.  I didn't eat more than two plates as there wasn't anything I liked.    Again, this was lunch and last time I went dinner so maybe there is a difference.
4	I loved this buffet one of the best in town. It is worth trying during your visit.
5	This is the definitely my favorite high class buffet to go to when I'm in Vegas. I would describe this as the best that you can get as far as buffets go, with Wynn at a close 2nd. When I eat here, I go crazy on the King Crab Legs. Just eating a few of these babies, and there's your money back already =) If there are no big pieces left, just wait a few minutes because they always replenish the supply every now and then. Also they have a very wide range of premium sushi here. From hand rolls, rolls with the seaweed cone and regular sushi. The Salmon pieces on the sushi are very very fresh, and what I do is just eat the Salmon and throw the rice away. Shiet, I'm not wasting my stomach on rice. haha. I've only been here during the holiday season, and they do tend to rack up the prices for federal holidays. But still, this place gets my vote for best buffet in Vegas. Lines can be quite long, so try and get there around 5:30pm for dinner time.
4	i've been to their dinner buffet awhile ago but this past weekend we checked out their brunch buffetit was prettttttty damn good. we were disappointed that they werent going to bring out the crab legs til 4pm so we chilled there for a couple hrs until they brought out the crab. (you dont go to the bellagio buffet and NOT eat their crab legs) we paid for the buffet+champagne...you get unlimited champagne until 5pm....needless to say we were really buzzed, happy, and full when we left.
5	The best buffet in Vegas...trust me, I've eaten at plenty others.  The Wynn is comparable but just not quite as good.  There's too much good eats to explain....from sushi to rack of lamb,  there's a bit of everything.  I like how the entire lengh of the buffet is different, not like most other buffets where each side is a duplicate of the other side.  On the weekends for dinner, it's close to $50 each but you'll get your money's worth.  They stop serving food promptly at 10:30pm so keep that in mind if you plan to go a little later to avoid the always mile long line.
4	I really really enjoyed this buffett. I've been here twice, once on Saturday night and another time Sunday night. The food was better Saturday night for sure. I mean Beef wellington and lamb chops! Those two items alone made it worth while.  They also have a decent selection of sashimi/tartar. So when I go I pretty much only eat meat! hahaha The Sunday night selection was almost the same but a little down graded. Instead of beef wellington they had chicken wellington and instead of those lamb chops they had leg of lamb. But all in all still good! I've been the the wynn's brunch buffet and like the bellagios better.
2	All I can say is.......MEH.  First off, I expected better.  At Rio, i can usually eat something like 2-3 big plates of shrimp cocktail.  I ate 1 plate at bellagio.  It's not because I was watching my diet or trying to fit into a sexy dress at night or saving room for something else.  It was because there was something wrong.  It just didn't taste good.  How do you screw up shrimp cocktail?  Next, the crab wasn't that good.  Usually I can eat at least 5 plates of stacked crab legs.  I mean, 5 points for cutting the king crab legs in half so you don't have to work on cracking them and getting angry and cutting your fingers trying to eat faster.  But the quality just wasn't there.  I'd rather have to crack my crab so that I could eat something tastier.  It was dry, and a hit or miss.  Probably frozen for too long.  Not fresh.  Third, the sashimi was disgusting.  Is this what Americans think sashimi is like?  NOT fresh at all.  I couldn't eat the plate I got because I had this fear of eating bad fish.  And having eaten bad fish at one point in my life, it definitely was NOT worth the risk.  I had some spicy tuna, but come on, SPICY TUNA??? Next, the kobe beef wasn't kobe at all.  Why call it kobe??? Just call it beef jerky.  The chilean bass was pretty good.  I can't believe i had something to eat.  Oh, the pesto mashed potatoes were pretty good, but come on, I'm here for seafood.  Not potatoes.  There were no king crab claws like at rio. Skipped the carb dishes like bread, pastas, etc.  Not coming back.  Two stars because dessert was pretty good.  By pretty good I mean that the creme brulee was good.  I did NOT get my moneys worth.  I get angry just thinking about paying for bad food.  That's all.
3	A couple of friends are in town for a convention and they wanted to eat at a top notch buffet. So that means its either the Wynn or the Bellagio. The past few times this situation presented itself, my friends all decided on the Wynn. This time around, this particular group of friends let me decide. "Well, the past few times its been the Wynn, so lets mix it up and try the Bellagio.", I suggested. "I mean how bad can it be?"We stroll up to the buffet on a Monday at around 7:30 and was pleasantly surprised not to see a line. Now in hindsight, is that a good thing or bad thing? Anyways, my friends bought my dinner so I didn't catch the price. I figure it was close to about $30. The nice hostess leads our party of five to a table that normally seats 4. She pulls an extra chair and puts it at the head of the table. Seriously? I can understand if we had a kid in the party, but we are all adults. Cant we all have our own little space?"Excuse me miss, can we get another table?""Sure, this way please."So I was expecting they would bring us to a table that seats 6 and have an extra chair open. I guess thats what I get for assuming. She leads us to another table that seats four and pulls up an extra chair. Wow. This must be the five diamond/5 star service I was expecting. I can understand if the place was packed but it seemed like 1/3 of the tables were empty. Whatever. We deal with it and head for the food.We grab a plate and walk the selections to see what delicious offerings they have. Dish after dish I didnt see anything I was too excited about. Everything just seemed normal. If they blindfolded me and brought me here, I would of guessed we were at a $12.99 buffet somewhere. I think I would of been happier eating at the Planet Hollywood buffet and saving a few bucks for gambling or drinks afterwards.So for our first round, I start out with crab legs, peeled shrimp, cold smoked salmon, salmon sashimi, and some spicy tuna sashimi. Maybe it was my high expectations, but I didnt enjoy the food as much as I thought I would. The crab legs dipped in the warm butter was fine. Not spectacular. The peeled jumbo shrimp tasted like the ones I bought from the Albertsons seafood counter. Normal. The smoked salmon tasted fine. The salmon sashimi was decent. Now here's my gripe about the 1st plate. Spicy tuna sashimi... I couldnt even get past two bites. It was soooooo spicy. Are they trying to cover up the lack of taste? Seriously?For the 2nd plate, I chose a slice of shrimp pesto pizza, rare prime rib, duck leg in peanut sauce, calamari salad, and scallop ceviche. I love duck. So the duck leg was yummy. The prime rib was good because I asked for a rare slice and the carving station guy pulled a whole prime rib slab and cut me a piece straight from the middle. It was worth it.  The pizza was ok as well as the calamari salad and scallop ceviche.So far I enjoyed 3 out of 10 dishes. I take another lap and didnt really see anything else I wanted to eat. So I head for the massive dessert area to fill the void I was feeling. I select the carrot cake, flan, creme brulee, and a chocolate covered brownie. The best one was the carrot cake. Wow. That was very tasty. Possibly the best thing I tasted all night. The flan and creme brulee were delicious as well. the chocolate covered brownie I could have done without.Here's another thing that bothered me. I ordered some tea. They had a great selection of about 5 or 6 teas. That's a good sign. I ordered some Green Tea and my friend orders some Earl Grey. While we wait for our beverages, she mentions that she should of asked for some lemon and honey for her tea. "Those always come with the tea.", I confidently stated. Boy was I wrong again. I'm not doing well on assumptions tonight. They bring the tea and of course there's NO lemon or honey. Cmon now. Even at a lowly 24 hour cafe/diner they bring you lemon and honey with an order of tea. Seriously.... SERIOUSLY?Throughout this whole evening, the only thing that kept running through my mind was... How come I didn't choose the Wynn buffet? What else could go wrong? I had one too many drinks so I had to use the little boys room. When I walk in, there were about 5 guys in line waiting to use the urinals. Seriously.... There are two urinals and one regular toilet stall IN A BUFFET? SERIOUSLY? Now I know how the ladies feel.... Waiting.... Waiting....Would I go back? Not anytime soon. Wynn or Bellagio Buffet? WYNN. Hands down. The food just tastes better there. You can truly taste the quality there. Do you have any pictures Leo? SURE DO! Check them out!I was torn between 2 or 3 stars. If I could, I would of given them a 2.5.
4	Solid buffet and one of the best on the strip.  The shrimp are the best and really fresh.  The crab leg selection was good.  This time the steak tartar was amazing!!!!  I would just eat the shrimp and tartar.  Some of the meats were a little dry, but the prime rib, st. louis ribs and the lamb were good.  I think I got my $27 worth with the prawns and tartar
4	Ok....I make it a habit to eat buffet once everytime I am in town.  This is one of the best buffets in Vegas (along with the one at Wynn for $38).I would give Bellagio the slight edge over Wynn because their desert station is far superior (although I am not into sweets).King Crabs Legs, Prime rib, rack of lamb.....that is all I need to be happy.  However, I can only do one buffet when I am in town.  Take your pick: Bellagio or Wynn....you can't go wrong with either one.
4	Atmosphere: NiceService: AttentiveFood: Depends on what you pickCleanliness: Needs workPrice: FairGreat selection, overwhelming in fact! Most of the food was good to above average. Stay away from the pizza. Tuna Hand rolls were excellent, crab legs were excellent, stay away from the lamb, some of the Italian dishes looked scary....Overall a great experience when in Vegas, price was fair!
5	I am told from tons of people that the 2 best buffets in Vegas are Bellagio and Wynn. I have had both. Bellagio has more flavor. The chefs know how to season the food at Bellagio. Everything is so good. It tasts like home cooked food and not rushed buffet food. I am vegetarian and I couldn't believe the selection of vegetarian options at Wynn. I filled up my plate without making it to the end of the buffet line. And then I made another round and finished to the end of the buffet. I felt like I was in a vegetarian restaurant. Then I tasted everything. There was no flavor AT ALL in the meatless dishes. Most important part of being a chef is knowing how to season dishes. Wynn needs new chefs.
4	My boyfriend and I went to the Champagne Brunch Saturday, September 27, 2008.We were expecting a little bit more in terms of seafood selection (I'm a pesca-vegetarian and had been promised somewhere that there would be lobster). There wasn't any lobster, but they had a lot of smoked fish and ceviche dishes. The sushi was decent, but very limited in selection. A lot of the dishes I tried weren't as great flavor-wise as I thought they would be. But, I found many specific dishes that were EXCELLENT.The pizza/dessert/smoked fish selection is awesome, the variety and selection is very extensive, the waitstaff is attentive, and the chefs seem very concerned about making delicious food a priority. And, the champagne is heavily poured and totally worth the extra money. You won't be disappointed if your goal is to be drunk.
3	I just got from vegas. The last time I ate at the Bellagio Buffet about 7 years ago, I recall a better experience. Simple from one item, the king crab legs. The crab legs just seemed so water logged this past week. Everything else was pretty good. Yet, I probably only found about 10% of the stuff worthy of my palate.  Oddly, my favorite item was the cheesy bread sticks! I ate a million of them! The miso soup was too salty.The sushi bar was good for non sushi items... like the raw tuna salad thing (all meat) or the steak tartar. I didn't bother with the sushi rolls.The pesto mashed potatoes was amazing. Cleaned gulf shrimp were very good.Overall opinion... too much random non-good stuff, but worth eating at
3	Went to the Buffet at the Bellagio this past Sunday and had some real good eats. My brother in law had some sort of coupon that allowed us to go right to the front of the line which was great since the line was LONG. Had it not been for the passes I doubt I would have waited.The restaurant is very cafeteria like which was a bit of a turn off but let me move on to the food.Great selection. If I was craving for anything they would have definitely had it at the buffet. Seafood, sushi, Italian, Greek, meat, bread, Chinese, sweets, cheeses, eggs, the list goes on and on. Me...I'm trying to eat lighter these days so I stuck to the sushi. I was set with my rolls and sashimi and my smoked fish. At the end of my meal I topped it all off with a no sugar dessert which was surprisingly good. When I'm back in Vegas I will seriously think about stopping back in for the The Buffet at the Bellagio...that is if I had an express pass.
2	I've never been a fan of buffets, but the Bellagio's won me over when it first opened. But it seems this place has gone down hill over the years. The food just isn't very good any more.
3	Howzit!?If you like Hawaiian Poke, The Buffet at Bellagio has a decent Shoyu Poke with Kukui Nuts.Great selection. Taste is average to above average depends on what you select.Notable dishes: Sea Bass, Beef Wellington, Roma Tomato soup, Hawaiian Shoyu Poke.Good service.Minimum 1 hour wait on Friday and Saturday nights.
3	Honestly overrated. It's not bad but it's not as spectacular as people make it out to be and definitely not $30 spectacular for champagne brunch. Sure they have huge cuts of prime rib and large Alexander tiger shrimps ... but that's about it. Go to Le Village Buffet and get a MUCH better deal!
3	just OK
4	The only reason it gets 4 stars instead of 5 is cold crab legs... you serve yourself the crablegs and you cant take all you want.. they arent being guarded like at the MGM Grand buffet.  If they served them hot...they get the fifth star.  Great selection of food...kobe beef...leg of lamb..excellent sushi and soshimi...seafood port au vent which I had never tried and is cooked to order was fantastic..  The peeled shrimp were huge and tasty.  Even the ice cream fixings are above standard with  sorbet and ice cream available with toppings like pecans and toffee chips..mmmm
2	I've been to the buffet at bellagio a couple of times before and let me tell you...the quality of its food has dropped dramatically.  My boyfriend and I were so excited to be there to feast on their crab legs, but it turned out the crab legs were super salty.  It tasted like if they've been soaking those legs in a tub of salt water for weeks.  I can't believe we paid about $77 for that kind of dinner.  The server did not clean up our table at all...we had to put our own plates away on another table on the side.  Even people around us gave up and started cleaning their own tables.  The only time we saw the server was when he took our drink orders.  We were so disappointed with the buffet.  We know that we would never come back again...we are just gonna go to the buffet at the Wynn from now on.  At least their crab legs don't taste like crap.  The buffet kinda ruined part of our trip but thank goodness we went to a champagne brunch at Planet Hollywood to make it up.  That was the worse $77 we've ever spent on dinner.
2	I heard SO many good things about this place and I went to LV in Aug for my boyfriend's birthday. We stood in line for TWO HOURS. The food was okay. It wasnt as great as everyone kept saying it was. I dont really remember what I tried, but I totally regret not going to the MGM buffet instead.
5	Oh man. This place will be the death of me and my family. Every time we're in Vegas, we always make a stop here. The food is amazing and of the utmost quality. Everything is just really good. All their meat (prime rib, beef wellington, kobe beef, etc), crab legs, seafood, ec. I'm not even a buffet guy by any means but this place is an exception. Usually there is a pretty long line but I've been lucky to skip the line most of the time ;)
3	I am not a fan of buffet eating but this buffet was pretty good.  All the desserts were a dissapointment though.  There were lots of choices but I especially disliked the hand-rolled spicey tuna.  I normally love spicey tuna but their hand rolls of ground tuna were just not good.  They had lots of seafood so you could get your money's worth.  Lunch buffet was 20$ so not bad.  I had an omlette made to order and that was pretty good.  There is just so much better food in Vegas that I think a buffet is just pathetic.  Skip it is my recommendation unless you are super starving or college-student poor.
5	This is the best buffet I've had so far in Vegas.  They had 2 different types of crab legs (King crab legs, and Apilio crab legs)  The spicy tuna poke and spicy tuna hand roll were excellent.  I didn't try the pasta as I was mainly there for the seafood and sushi and didn't want to waste space in my stomach for pasta.  The creme brulee was awesome (dessert goes in a different compartment, so there's always room)
4	Alright, I had to give in... whenever I asked where to eat when in Vegas I was always told to come here... I did it... it's official... and it was goooooood!If you want to eat one meal for a whole day this is the place to be! Especially if you like seafood cuz there is tonnns of it, however I'm not big on seafood and I still pigged out... They have this pesto pasta with chicken that is really good, regular spaghetti with marinara, salads, about five different meats at the carving station to choose from like prime rib... pork shoulder... lamb... sheer craziness.  They had about five different versions of mashed potatoes (yes I tried them all) they had regular mashed, pesto mashed, sweet potatoes mashed (my fave).  They had a bunch of breads, mexican foods, sushi, pizza, soups, and this seafood puff pastry thing they made by request.  They had a ton of desserts to choose from and a bar right behind them... always a plus! The waitress liked to slam things down on the table though... but that was a norm around Vegas that weekend... perhaps it was a conspiracy. Anyhow, definitely... definitely test out this buffet when you're there, lot of food and it is tre yummy!
2	freebie night at the bellagio last night.  roomie had some holiday gift promo using the gaming points accumulated throughout the year  to "purchase"   gift items (  some sick gamblers in this town - several people used their points to get free BMW's and Harley motorbikes ! )anyways, after all of 3 hours sleep awakened early to hit the buffet.  prior to today, never tried the breakfast buffet. $34 for some fried eggs, average king crab legs.  i don't think so.  nothing wow'd me and at $34 i should be wow'd by something !
4	If i'll be courting a restaurant i'll go for a buffet  at (The buffet at Bellagio )       I would say It's Worth the wait.Reason - The price is  reasonable i don't think i can find anything better than this.               - the service was excellent.               - even though i don't eat much i left with a smile.                - Good selection of food.Guess every time I'm in Vegas i'll be staying & dining with you.Because you complete me =)
3	I'll make it simple.Wynn buffet *GREATER THAN* Bellagio buffetBoth are good, and the market rating for Bellagio is probably 4-stars, but relative to my rankings, it stands at 3. Both have your typical variety of food and desserts, but Wynn is a few ticks better than Bellagio for the reason that my experience felt better.
4	Could this buffet be any more decadent? Very clean, tons of options, nice staff. My faves were the VAST selection of delicious pizza, huge sushi area, and desserts (see pics!). The dining room is a little low brow but the wait staff was incredibly nice, attentive, and friendly. Would go back in a heartbeat.
4	Thanks for being worth the hype, Bellagio Buffet.  I would've been so ticked off if I spent the last two years hearing recommendations for you for nothing.I went for lunch, at around 2 in the afternoon, and was seated by a server that stayed upbeat despite clearly being near the end of her shift.  For what it's worth, a smile from a buffet server is nice.  I doubt I'd have the fortitude to do what she does every day.Anyway, the food selection was massive - sushi station, fresh (and surprisingly good) pizza, and one of the most extensive dessert areas I've seen.  The dessert section alone was nearly the size of Caesar's Palace's buffet.  Decent quality stuff, from top to bottom.  If you want to gorge, go to the most popular gorge spot there is.Tip - 2 p.m. seems to be the sweet spot.  Any later and you risk running into the "dinner food at lunch prices" crowd.
5	This is always one of the highlights of any trip we make to Vegas.  Have tried it for both lunch and dinner.  Both were oustanding.  Lunch is a better value, but no crab legs until dinner time.  Sometimes the line can be very, very long, but it's soooo worth the wait.  All the staff are smiling, friendly, and eager to serve you.  Excellent selection, and exquisit desserts.  If I had any complaint at all it would only be that the prime rib at the carving station has always been under-cooked for my taste.  It's served very rare, and I prefer it medium but it doesn't seem to be available that way.
2	I have nooooooooo idea what the hype about this place is about.  The price was as pricey as anywhere else but hello...theres NOTHING to eat!! I relaly hated it.  The waitress didn't understand what we wanted and kinda got irritated when we took a lil time to figure out what to drink.  The selection to mee wasnt as great.  The wait wasnt too bad but no...i pass
4	Let me tell you, if you're the type of person who has to try a little of everything just to see what it tastes like, the Bellagio buffet is a terrible idea.  My last meal here was traumatizing - it was an early weekend afternoon and brunch and lunch foods were both out for devourment.  I was starving, having walked down the strip for something like half an hour (I swear, everything in Vegas is deceptively far away) then waited in line for another half hour.  I was so damn hungry that I filled a plate with lox and ripped into it while I waited in line at the next station.  I piled up plate after plate and brought them all to my table before sitting down and tucking in.To be honest, nothing stood out as fantastically delicious, but it was all quite good, and as far as buffet food goes, absolutely top-notch.  Sushi and sashimi were actually good quality!  One thing people seem impressed by though are the crab legs, and I found that those were too frozen and difficult to eat.  But other than that, no complaints.  And the desserts!  Oh...But like I said, be careful!  You may feel like there are so many things to eat and goddamnit if you're not going to get your money's worth, but the crippling fullness can hurt.  I will never forget sitting curled up and moaning on the seat of a slot machine, on the point of bursting and unable to move.  Curse you Bellagio!
3	If you were expecting a reasonably priced buffet with amazing food, then Bellagio Buffet might not be for you.  We had a party of 9 for Saturday night, so after tip (automatic gratuity) and a drink it was $45 per person.  Not cheap at all.  Don't expect five-star food but the ambiance was OK.  There are plenty of other dinner options in vegas for this price.  The lunch here is going to be a better value for you.  I will give it 3.5 stars for now.  I was really really contemplating going to Craftsteak at the MGM instead and I was kind of regretting it half way through the buffet.  At least we didn't have to stand in line.Dislikes:Spicy ahi poke that was way, way, way too spicy.Kobe beef roast that was dry and gamey.  In fact it was gross.  A slice of angus beef would have been way better.Cramped seating.  They put our group on the left side in a narrow area.  Come on it's the Bellagio.So so service.Likes:Osso bucho-The ingredients were extremely hearty and flavorful.  The bone was left in to remind you what you were eating.  They get 5 stars for attempting this dish.Creme Brulee had a nice texture and wasn't too sweet.The tiramisu had a mousse-like texture with plenty of coffee goodness on the bottom packaged in an edible chocolate cup.The cocktail shrimp were clean, fresh, and not overcooked.Lobster ravioli-Yes there was definitely lobster meat inside.
4	When I tell people where I grew up they often respond with "I didn't know people grew up in Las Vegas." True, it's a transient town but whenever I get together with fellow natives I find it hard to resist the pull of the buffet. This much I've learned: Atlantans have fried chicken. New Yorkers have bagels. Bostonians have lobster rolls. And we Las Vegans have the buffet. Though I managed to be in LV for less than 48 hours, I made sure a trip to the buffet with a couple of old friends was on my itinerary.On Sunday morning we waited about 20 minutes in line for the chance to gorge ourselves on prime rib, mashed potatoes, creamy corn chowder, soft serve ice cream with Butterfinger pieces on top, shrimp, roast turkey with gravy, slices of cheese, sushi, grapefruit segments, champagne and a lot more that I cannot recall at the present moment.But as I dug into my plate I looked across the table at my friends and said, "Now I feel like I'm home. . ."
4	Yummy!  This place wasn't too crowded when we went so it was fast !Everything I had here was good, especially the eggs benedict!  They have a wider selection here than the wynn buffet.  The even have the chinese soup congee and i was really hesitant on trying it because it was at a buffet, but i did get up the nerves to try it and it was actually really good!
5	I am craving the smoked salmon and cocktail shrimp RIGHT NOW! I want to go on a plane and go to vegas.  Yeah  a plane I HATE the four hour drive to vegas!Love ya!
2	The line to get in went around the corner and it took about 40 minutes before we were seated at a table.  I have to say, besides the snow crab and the other limited seafood, I was disappointed.  Since I don't eat red meat, the other choices just weren't as good as I had expected.  I ended up eating lots of veggies and a couple of asian dishes that were okay.  The dessert and fruit selections were impressive however.  The service was very good and attentive.  I've definitely been to better buffets that were also a lot cheaper.
2	How I expected more. Like WAAAAAY more. Went during Memorial Day weekend 2008 and it was my BF's (now fiance YAY!) and my first trip to Vegas together and since he is like a buffet fanatic, he was totally like "We have to go to the Bellagio Buffet. We have to go to the Bellagio Buffet!!! WE HAVE TO GO TO THE BELLAGIO BUFFET!!!!!" He used to live in Vegas so he would tell me all these good things about it and how it was rated this or how it got that award. Ok so I agreed to check it out and we went.Waited in line for like 2 hours on a Sunday and was not pleased at all with the end result. Maybe because we were at the Wynn's buffet the night before and were totally blown away by it. We had such high expectations for Bellagio's buffet since we read such good reviews about it and thought that if the Wynn was awesome, the Bellagio would be buffet heaven.The food was unremarkable and I don't even remember what I ate besides the prime rib and crab legs. I know I tasted something of everything but really, I don't remember anything that I ate. That's what made it so bad. Oh, I also had a glass of green tea.The decor reminded me of a Sizzler. I know, it's a buffet so don't expect chandeliers or famous paintings on the wall but it just didn't look like it would belong in the Bellagio. Maybe in a hotel like Harrah's across the street?And my poor BF-now fiance got a really bad case of heartburn a few hours later. =(
2	The only reason I didn't give this place a 1 star rating is because they had a good selection of fresh fruit - I took 2 apples, and 2 bananas with me when I left (I paid for it, I was just going to eat it later) and because they had amazing bathrooms, plus there was no line to get in. First off, we get there and get seated, and I place my carry-on bag (we had just flown in and it was too soon to check in, and I needed stuff in my bag) in my chair so I can go get my breakfast. I come back and take the bag out of my seat and find that the bottom of my bag is now stained with raspberries! The stain is still there, it won't come out, and this was October '07. So if my bag had not been stained my pants would have been, since the raspberries were in my chair. So minus a point for not being clean - the floor was also covered in crumbs and small bits of trash (messy eaters or kids). Anyway, the lines for the food were insane, so my husband and I thought the food must be really good. I will say the waffles were amazing, but the eggs were runny, the biscuits were ok, and my husband said that the bacon and coffee were not good. Speaking of coffee, it took forever to get a waitress to take our drink order. Our waitress disappeared for most of our meal after we got our drinks, so we didn't get one refill. I think I ended up eating a bowl of cereal, a waffle, and half a biscuit - definitely not worth what we paid. Maybe dinner is better, I don't know. I would say skip the breakfast buffet and maybe come back for dinner....and let me know how it is because I really don't want to give them any more of my money.
3	Wynn's Buffet beats Bellagio's Buffet for my taste!!!  Wynn's venue is much nicer and decorative compared to bellagio's also. Waited about 30 minutes at Noon time on a Sunday..There was a lady waiting in line behind us that was really annoying... I guess some people don't know the concept of space.. she was like all up on my back waiting and such.. it really annoyed me.. me being passive aggressive I try to be slick and just kinda walk back lean back like I don't notice her.. or try to stretch which makes her step back a bit... Seriously though? do you not see you are literally on someone?!?! We kept looking back so she can get a clue.. but i guess not.. then her friend joined.. did the same thing! and talked as loud as ever.. like they were in a hurry to pay and run off and eat...i mean different countries and backgrounds but still.. BACK OFF OLDER WOMEN YOU!! :IBellagio does have a wider selection on food compared to the Wynn.. But i Must say that the QUALITY of Wynn's food is ten times better than Bellagio's....Prime rib at the Wynn.. i can't even explain it because it was soo juicy and delicious.. Bellagio's prime rib made me disappointed.. it was just a small piece of well cooked prime rib.. it made me sad looking at it that I barely ate the whole piece that I asked for!seabass selection was not too tasty..smoked salmon and alaskan crab legs pretty good.. a bit too frozen for me though.dessert selection is a bit more.. i enjoyed the ice cream and fruits.. the flan was bad.........sushi selection.. the usual: california rolls/hand rolls/vegetarian spring rolls/rice/noodlespasta was delicious though. the crab ravioli!!!!!!Some people would say.. " It's Aiteeeeeeeee! *shrugs*"
3	Wow, reading some of the reviews below...pretty harsh. But I can somewhat agree with them to some extent. I came here roughly two years ago for my 21st birthday and was impressed. Don't get me wrong, I have come to this buffet before and it also amazed me then. This recent time around that I had gone, it was only ok.Like most have said, Bellagio used to be good but I guess something happened? Well, the crab legs sucked when I compare it to my recent dine in experience at Mandalay Bay's Buffet and the food was only average. There were only a few things I could think of that Bellagio's buffet was good for this time around: their Shrimp, sushi, (brazil?) snow fish, and yea...their desert line. Those were my only favorite things of the buffet. But come check it out, maybe I came on a bad day? But yes, it wasn't horrible though, I think everyone should come check it out and write the two cents on it on here.
2	I don't know if the Bellagio has fallen on hard times, but I ate here about five years ago and the food was in a whole different class of where it is now. I would expect such junk as DRY stir-fry noodles over at the Excalibur buffet for $15, but for the $25 Sunday Brunch? At one of the most expensive hotels on the strip? Gross!I suggest skipping the Bellagio buffet all together and heading over to the Wynn - a better buffet splurge (even though it's $5 or so cheaper). See my review for more info.Looking forward to maybe plunking down the $85 for the Bally's Silver Buffet or whatever it's called on my next trip!
3	Came here on a Saturday night and caught there "Gourmet Dinner."  Spent about an hour and change in line with too cool for school group in front of us and pushy line people behind us.  So basically we were stuck between a  rock and a hard place with no way out.  Decided from the start that we were gonna stick out the line because no one of us had been here before.  So after we shelled out $40 something each for dinner we were able to grub.  Nothing stood out as bomb, there was a good selection of items that were okay and a few things that was just a waste of space on the plate.
4	#1 on my vegas buffet list
4	I usually do not like buffets, but I made an exception for the Bellagio since I heard all the hype about it. I didn't get to go for lunch or dinner, but I ate breakfast here twice. $15 and it was delicious. Thankfully, the lines moved quickly both mornings. Omelet stations, fruits salads, home fries... all good. Is it worth all the hype? Probably not, but I actually enjoyed eating at a buffet for once. That's a big deal.
4	I come to Vegas for one reason, and one reason only: to play poker at the Bellagio.  Poker, much like any other sport, sure can make a fella hungry.  If said fella gets hungry, he might just saunter over to The Buffet at Bellagio.  Come to think of it, I consider myself a two-sport athlete: besides poker, I have been known to engage in competitive eating.If you don't believe me that poker and competitive eating are sport, just change the channel to ESPN and/or ESPN 2.  I rest my case.I have a love/hate relationship with the Bellagio Buffet.  While the service is consistently solid by the buffet standards, the quality of their offering varies with the time of day.  The breakfast buffet is absolutely atrocious.  I have never, ever had eggs worse than the ones they offer at the Bellagio.  Scrambled eggs and eggs Benedict are soggy, watery and just don't taste right.  I can't even make Campbell's soup out of the can, but even I can make scrambled eggs that are m-m-m . . . better than those at the Bellagio Buffet.Dinner is a different story, and not just because it costs $36.95.  In the evening, the Buffet at Bellagio transforms into a veritable gastronomical utopia, inviting you to partake in a feast of gargantuan proportions. I don't eat shellfish, but I hear great things about their crab legs and other delicacies I can't look at.  I can't vouch for the shellfish though.  I usually start with some sashimi and Hawaiian poke.  Both are excellent here, by the way.  Then, once I've warmed up (it's a marathon, not a sprint), I move on to the meats.  You can find carving stations serving such buffet staples as prime rib and turkey breast, both of which are better than prime rib and turkey breast at other places.  What truly separates Bellagio Buffet from all the others is the variety and the exotic nature of their buffet.  They constantly offer tender Kobe beef (American fed, but still), pretentious Beef Wellington, venison, which is as good or better than you would find in nearby restaurants, and perfectly prepared lamb chops.  Y-U-MMMM!  Last time, they offered steak tartare (not recommended for rookie and amateur carnivores) and seafood vol-au-vent, made to order (not recommended for me).The desserts here are good, but not extraordinary.  You could probably find similar offering at any buffet in Vegas.The lines are really long, but if you play table games, you might be able to ask the pit boss for a line pass or a voucher.  $36.95 is a lot to pay, unless you can eat that much seafood and/or meat.  Are you up to the challenge?
5	My favorite buffet in Vegas, HANDS DOWN! Real good food selection for someone who thinks Wynn's buffet is just too....fancy? LOL.Love their fish, rock shrimp pizza, pastas, salads, prime rib, ooh and their desserts! Although I haven't seen my favorite chocolate-covered strawberries there during my last visit...is it dinner only? I went during lunch. HMMM. Regardless, we always eat here and at Mandalay Bay when we're in town.
5	one of the better buffets in vegas, came here for new years and ate myself into a food coma. unlimited champagne which was very good. unlimited lobster tails. grilled swordfish, kobe beef, and a wide variety of desserts, well you can just imagine how good the food was that night, they went all out. not sure how it is regularly but it was worth 70.00 that night including gratuity and everything. definitely will come back again
3	um, i was a bit disappointed by this place. maybe i was expected better? they just didn't have a lot of different things. also, they only had shrimp- no oysters, crab legs, etc. that's what i really wanted to cram in. I thought everything was pretty mediocre too. the only real high point was the harney and son's tea they provide. oh ya, the wait staff was really nice too
5	This place is awesome during their Sunday Brunch.  I have to admit, this is the first buffet where everything I have taken to sample, I have actually eaten and finished.  Most buffets I go to, I get a sample and if I don't like the dish I will just leave it and venture off to another dish.  This is the first buffet where I've cleaned up the plate after every dish I have tried.  Good job Bellagio!!!  It is worth every penny during their Sunday Brunch.
3	Bellagio buffet is very nice and has great service, except they sometimes pick up my plate a little too quick. I'll turn away just for a second and bam its gone! but anyways, the food isnt all that bad, less variety than other places that ive been. I feel like some of the things they have are a little random, itll be like a strange chicken and noodle ive never heard of. Not sure if thats a good thing or not, I like that theyre different but at the same time i didnt find any very appealing. The lines seem to be always very long for this buffet, however it does seem to pretty quickly. We were told it would be about an hour, but after waiting it out was only about 30 mins.
3	Bellagio has such a big name to live up to, and on the surface it does. The decor seems nice enough, and the food selection wide and warm. Bf and I went on Sat morning for champagne brunch. So we went off to get our food, and I had to wait in the omelet line forever, because I wanted egg-white, and the guy couldn't find it. When we came back to the table, bf's sunglasses were gone, and the waitress was telling us how she wasn't sure if we had left or not. Um, hello, we just sat down, why would we pay and then leave without eating? The sunglasses were never found again, and their general disorganized way of not being able to keep track of who's still eating and who's not really annoyed me. They should adopt a better system. I don't want to worry that someone's going to clean away our table just because we left to go get food.Food is good, otherwise. I loaded up on smoked salmon mostly. We now prefer the buffet at Mandalay Bay though. They're way more organized. And the have windows!
4	If they had more Breakfast Pizza, 5 stars . . . We made it to the Bellagio for brunch on my sister's recommendation and loved it so much we ended up going for a second day.  First off, for a $15 brunch with some quality foodie options in the beautiful Bellagio, it's hard to beat.  The first day, we got there a little late.  Damn late monorail!  The second day, we got a seat right next to the buffet and oinked our way back for seconds and thirds.Coffee and juice are complimentary with the buffet, and the dishes that really stood out were:-Eggs benedict. (not just for weekends only!)-Breakfast pizza - basically, pizza with egg baked into it.  Fantastic!-Potatoes O'Brien - get some veggies in there-Omelettes, although the line was a little long-Breakfast burrito bar-Scones, mini belgian waffles, and an assortment of fruitThe Bellagio is a solid value for brunch, and I would probably make this your first brunch here before you venture to one of the other buffets.  No idea what dinner was like, but it sounds fantastic, but a dinner buffet is dangerous, I like to travel light at night.
5	The Bellagio Buffet is still one of THE buffets to go to when in Vegas.  Recently, I was comped for 2 buffets (includes 1 round of drinks).  Thanks, Bellagio!  With the comped buffet, I decided to pick and choose what I want to eat.  Salad - I love their made-up salads - the one I had had blue cheese, walnuts, cranberries and greens - so tasty!Prime Rib - THE BEST I've ever had, anywhere!!   So succulent, so tender.  I always have mine rare.  Load up on the horseradish!Roast Lamb - It's OK.  I've had better before.  I liked it better when they had lamb chops.  Load up on the mint sauce.Chilean Sea Bass - so yummy!  Prawn Mountain - prawns as fat as your thumb and as big as the letter C made with your index finger and thumb!  Juicy, big prawns.Pasta - the one with truffle oil and mushrooms - I only eat this one.Dessert - too many good ones to mention.  Feast for the eyes and feast for the tummy.
4	I agree with Jen. Vegas messes with your body. It messes with your mind, your sleep, your tolerance for pain, extreme heat or cold and booze. What is there to relieve your tired, achy body and hungry belly? Buffets! Everywhere! Steak and eggs for $2, hot dogs for .75 or if you want to go high class, the Bellagio. A Bellagio breakfast/brunch will last you all day. It's only because I can gorge myself like nobody's business I can sustain a day in Vegas on breakfast pizza, eggs and potatoes alone. I had the dinner one last year while in Vegas and was not that impressed. Although I'm poor, we splurged for the breakfast two days in a row. TWO! The second day they sat us right by the plates as J. mentioned. Too easy, people. Just too easy to eat three meals in one sitting.The breakfast pizza was my favorite. I had a mimosa, ate my weight in bacon and was introduced to the bread pudding. Whew! I was glad I spent the next 6 hours walking my ass off in the cold. Coffee and juice are complimentary, which is nice. They have a good variety of healthy and naughty and you could even weasel in some lunch foods if you really have room.
2	"overpriced and kinda lame. not sure why everyone raves about it"
4	This is an excellent buffet that has yet to fail me or upset my stomach (see my review of the Rio Buffet).  They have a great selection of dishes that are of good quality.  Their lines for the weekend brunch can look long but they definitely move quickly.  This is definitely one of the better buffets in Vegas and one you'll want to wear your fat pants to.
5	This is the best buffet I had in Vegas.  I think it was a special weekend dinner buffet that cost $35 or so.All of the food was top notch, including Kobe Beef, Beef Wellington, oysters on the half-shell and real sushi.  Rack of Lamb, and prime rib etc etc.   No wonder why there was no one waiting at the pizza bar..that seemed a bit out of place!..but I guess it might attract some kids.
3	I think I came here on the wrong day. Yeah it has some high end food, but honestly I don't think it was worth the $28.95 for dinner on a Tuesday. I mean I've had it before, but it was on a Friday and that was a few years ago. Back then, the food was amazing so I guess I can see why its much better on the weekends.They had chicken wellington, but it was too dry for my taste. I helped myself to a lot salmon nigiri, but the rice was too pasty. I do like how the slab of salmon is just right and not too puny like at the Mirage. They had this cooking station that made this French dish where you pick your seafood, veggies, and type of sauce poured onto the kind of bread used for wellington. My creation consisted of salmon, scallops, and shrimp mixed with onions, tomatoes, peppers. All of the following were stir fried then mixed in with pesto sauce. I don't remember the actual name of the dish, but it was one of the very few things I enjoyed. That and the pesto mashed potatoes. Hmmm, I guess I have a thing for pesto sauce. Besides the dishes I just mentioned, my meal wasn't that memorable. For 29 doll hairs I expected better. Not bad, but not that great. Go on the weekend. it may be more expensive, but they have better food.
3	I was a newbie to the Las Vegas buffet scene so I thought I'd go big. There was certainly plenty of food to choose, all in general pretty high quality for a buffet. I really liked the prime rib, but the crab wasn't all that great. Even though the line outside looked daunting it moved quickly and my party of 10 were seated promptly. The interior is noting special, pretty disappointing, actually. I assumed some of that high price went to having a nice ambiance, but it was pretty plain (I hear the wynn is nice). Overall, I was happy I had come, although I probably will not make a return visit next time I'm in Vegas.. $40 was a little too steep for me. In the end I eat so much I feel like ish anyhow, no matter how good the food is.
3	We went on a Tuesday Evening at approximately 7pm and there was absolutely no wait. Mind you, the place was still bustling with hungry patrons and we were eager to flag down our waiter so we could get started ASAP. There's a great selection including the usual Vegas fare: prime rib (best meat available, not saying much here), Alaskan king crab legs (waaaay too salty), leg of lamb (no flavor at all), pasta, potatoes, all sorts of fish... and a really delicious build-your-own station that offered pesto or curry seafood in a flaky pastry crust. But the desserts - OH the desserts!We definitely agreed that the Bellagio had the absolute best selection fo desserts. I'm a cookie man myself, and my girlfriend loves her creme brulee. Well we were ecstatic when we found out they had both. Of course there were other desserts like cheesecake and pies, but  we went wild on the creme brulee and cookies. This really salvaged the night for us and ended our meal on the right note.
3	After winning some dinner money from blackjack, I waited 1 hour for this cafeteria style joint.  I strategically positioned myself to eat the value for your money foods since I'm not a big eater. Overall, I thought it was pretty ok.  I assume the price was on par with all the other buffets.  Never the less, it was the only buffet I had on this trip.
5	The best buffet I have ever had in Vegas so far!( This is my 3rd one every vist lol) We came here for lunch on a friday afternoon it was $21.99 per person so not too bad...The kobe beef mini burgers were def the highlight they were so yummy...they have a lot of high end food... I think lunch is the perfect time to go because they have a large range of foods that fit as breakfast and lunch and come on who wakes up for breakfast when they are in Vegas! lol I will def be back and back and back :D
5	I've been to the Bellagio buffet a couple of times. It was my favorite...until the Wynn buffet opened. There was sooooooooo much food and it was all good! I LOVE buffets and I ate a ton of food. Whatever I wanted, they had.I plan to return to the Bellagio buffet someday. I'll update my review afterward. (Overall grade: A) BEST buffets:  (1) Wynn, and (2) Bellagio
4	Whatever you do, DON'T MISS THE SWORFISH! It's like eating butter, but it's a fish!If it's not the swordfish, then you gotta get at the bread pudding.
5	I'm sure there isn't much to add that hasn't been mentioned already, but if you come on a weekend for the brunch, definitely spring for the champagne. It's only $5 more and you get unlimited Frechixnet with your meal, what a deal. And they keep them coming with a quickness. Other notable favorites, they have a succulent prime rib. Their banana and hazelnut french toast is to die for. Pizzas are fresh out of the oven. The desserts are by far superior to what they have to offer at the Wynn.$23.99 for the brunch, $28.99 with the booze. It's vegas, get the booze, start drinking at 10AM, why not. You won't regret it
5	I've heard that the buffets at Bellagio and Wynn are overpriced but seriously, this one is definitely worth the extra $5-10. We ate at Cravings and Bellagio had more in terms of selection, comfort, quality and service.I like that part of the sushi and salad bars are monitored by staff because some people tend to eat, cough, talk or sneeze as they pile on their plates.Primed ribs - best I've had. Be careful not to OD on this like I almost did. Sushi - ask the guy behind the counter to give you fresh ones. Some people, I understand really like their sashimi, but no need to pick the fish and leave the rice. Sure, seeing the machine spit out the rice like larvae isn't too appealing. Sort of like the giant mother alien squeezing out her eggs.
3	Since the buffet at Bellagio never had as much variety as some buffets, I always counted on the quality to bring me back.  However, it seems like the quality of the food has gone down a bit.  For being once of the more expensive buffets in Vegas I expect more.  They do offer high end items such as snow crab legs, king crag legs, buffalo, and duck, but none of them were up to par in my opinion.  The service is still very good and prompt.  I do think their desserts are one of the better in the round of Vegas buffets.  I think i'll go back to the Wynn next time for another try.
2	The quality of food has completely dropped off. I been looking forward to this buffet ever since I found out I was going back to Vegas but it was nothing like I remembered. There was nothing there that was absolutely delicious. This will probably be the last time I eat here and will stick with Wynn/Rio/Planet Hollywood buffets. Perhaps we ate here on a bad day (Thursday). The only good thing bout this place is that the waiter is very attentive and is always checking on you to see if you need anything else.
4	THE buffet to go. Go for lunch, pay $20, stay til dinner. Time it right and you shalln't regret it.The best part of this buffet, the seafood option. Salmon, tuna, crab legs, jumbo shrimp.Meat. Prime rib, lamb, wellington, sea bass.Dessert. Creme brulee. Enough said.Listen to my advice to go for lunch and stay for dinner and it'll probably be one of the best buffet you've ever had.
5	If you're cheap, come for lunch and stay for dinner.If you've lost some money and want a way to avenge your losses, come for lunch and stay for dinner.$21.50 for our buffet.  I think we stayed for two hours.  I can't quite remember what I ate anymore, but I felt like I had to be rolled out with a wheelbarrow afterwards.They just kept bringing in more and more variety and I couldn't help but load up my plates.Go creme brulee!  Go chocolate covered strawberries (both milk and white chocolate)!
3	This at one time WAS the best buffet in Las Vegas...that is when the Bellagio was owned by Steve Wynn. Now the hotel is owned by MGM Mirage and the buffet has slipped tremendously since its opening in 1998. You will not find the quality here that you do at Wynn, however its still a decent buffet. Go for breakfast...its still good in the morning and the orange juice is probably the best I ever tasted. Bellagio earns a 81/100
3	A charming little buffet if you're in the market for all-you-can-eat food.  Last time I went, I loaded up on the salmon and trout, alongside some scrambled eggs and a medley of fruits & berries.  Mmmmm, Mmmmm......Good!Be careful though, check the whole buffet before you start putting food on your plate...you might fill it up and then find an item you wish you had room for!
4	everyone keeps mentioning how great the lunch/dinner is (which it is), but don't rule out breakfast.  if you're lucky enough to wake up early enough to catch the breakfast rush, go!!!  i camer here after waking up to a lobotomizing headache and it was definitely worth it.  in fact, i suggest you come here with a hangover--it just makes everything taste better.  the waffles are awesome; and whatever you do, do NOT miss out on the dessert (drooooool).
4	This place gave me stretch marks.Need I say more?
5	Buffet @ the Bellagio!!hell yesssssAll You Can Eat with so much variety from different cultures.Definitely a place to get your grub on!
2	This place used to be good, and well worth the money and the time spent in the line. Not anymore.The selection and quality of food was anything but good. It was edible, but tasteless. The meat selection and quality was rather bad, and so was the sushi.It sure is not worth the $37 dinner or the 45 mins wait.
5	Yep, still five. I gotta agree with Jack F., this one definitely stretched the breadbox. I had to take it in sections and still didn't make it all the way through. I did almost die though, but thanks to our comfy booth, I could lay down while I recouped. Yeah, we came on the weekend this time, so we paid $37 with taxes, but I'll tell you what, this was not a buffet. More like gourmet sampling.      My first plate included, Beef Wellington, Prime Rib, Rack of Lamb, and Pan Seared Venison, among other things. The lamb was amazing as was the wellington. The prime rib was underseasoned, but cooked well, while I needed a band-aid for the venison as it wouldn't stop bleeding. It was not seasoned well, and I think bambi was still fighting for his last breath, because he seemed to be pulsating a bit.      Bambi aside, i also tried three different versions of veal, all of which were very good, if a bit light on the seasoning. The raw fish was where it was at. The salmon and ahi pokes were amazing! They also had a delicious spicy tuna handroll. As for the cooked fish, the swordfish was alright, while the chilean seabass melts in your mouth, not in your hand. Why would you have it in your hand anyway, this belong in your mouth. Or better yet, in my belly...all of it. Get in my belly! The Italian offerings were pedestrian, but good.      The dessert was pretty good as well with offerings ranging from delicious creme brulee to peach cobler, bread pudding, delicious bananas foster, and a meh flan. The service kinda sucked, but we weren't waiting for them. We were too busy stuffing ourselves retarded. they deserve all five desipte the price, but it you come on the week days you only pay $27. Not sure how the other meals are, but I know that they are cheaper.
4	Lovely buffet with plenty of variety and desserts!  Their seafood selection was more impressive than I'd expected, with all the different varieties of fish.  Also love their brownies and eclairs.  :)Our waitress wasn't the most friendly, but she was prompt and pleasant enough.  I like the dining area in this joint; it's nicely decorated in conjunction with the rest of the casino.    For $20 how could I refuse?  That's about how much I lose in a game of spinning the wheel and hoping it lands on 40.  I think this place is well worth the money and the time.
4	Despite the arm and leg you have to offer to be seated at this establishment, I'd have to say the food is to die for.  The buffet is huge with a large selection of desserts and entrees!  Crab legs of course are to be mentioned as fat, juicy and delicious!  Fun to bring a group of people with you to dine; this place is clean and each buffet station is nicely presented with a constant filling of food!  Crowds?  Sure there are crowds but you don't even notice them as you go from station to station taking in the eyefull of deliciously cooked food.  This place can be pricey but the food alone is worth it.  I'd definitely go here again armed with an empty stomach, especially for their desserts!  Tiny cups of creme brulee!  YUM!!
5	I have *never* asked for a do-over for any meal I have eaten.  Usually, things are either good, bad, eh, delicious, mind blowing etc.But the breakfast at the Bellagio buffet was freaking amazing!!  So you ask, what is up with the do-over request?  You see, although everything was amazing, it was nothing compared to the little chunks of steak (add eggs on top if you wish) I found on the hot line.  At first, I was hesitant b/c small steak pieces usually mean dry or overdone steak.  Not here...this was probably the softest, most tender, perfectly medium-rare cubes of steak I have ever consumed!On top of that, they probably have the freshest selection of fruit out.  So my do-over would include bowls of their fresh berries (blueberry, raspberry, strawberry) and lots of red meat.  For those 2 items at the Bellagio buffet, I would be willing to sacrifice all the other amazing buffet items they had to offer!DESSERT TIP:  We went at 10am and got the cusp of end of breakfast and start of lunch (which begins at 11am).  The buffet is open non-stop all day, so by 10:45am, they start weening down the b-fast items and lining up their lunch items, starting with dessert.  We were too full to eat any of the desserts, but they looked DELISH!
3	After hearing my hubby talk repeatedly about how much he enjoyed the Bellagio Buffet on a previous visit, I had high hopes for our experience.  I was honestly a bit disappointed!  We visited for a late lunch/early dinner on a Friday.The service was fine, but not overly fantastic.  The dining room was nice, but lacked real atmosphere or character.Granted, I am allergic to seafood and therefore didn't enjoy the plentiful crab.  But, my husband and his family felt they had better crab legs at other buffets.  The Kobi Steak was a big disappointment as it was chewy and lacked flavor.  Overall, the food was ok, but there weren't any dishes to write home about.  I found other buffets for the price that I enjoyed a lot more!  One highlight was the banana and nutella stuffed french toast!  It was the perfect sweet entree and one I've since replicated at home because my husband and I loved it so much.A side note:  The best game plan to get the best food at the best prices is to go near the end of the lunch shift (which is usually between 3:00 & 4:00).  They don't clear out the restaurant between lunch and dinner shifts and the prices are usually significantly cheaper for lunch (like $12 less a person!)  For example, we went to the Bellagio at 3:30, paid the lunch price, but then they bring out the dinner entrees starting at 4:00.  We just ate an early dinner, but since it is buffet, you definitely don't get hungry later!
3	Moderation thy name is not Bellagio. No, I'm not talking about those dancing fountains. Not the ceiling of Chihuly blown glass blossoms in the lobby. Not the elaborate conservatory. I'm taliking about that damn buffet, the Vegas staple of every casino hotel operation in  town. But this being the Bellagio, there is an especially huge spread here with dishes you wouldn't expect in a buffet line.And therein lies the problem. I just don't think Eggs Benedict should be lumped by the dozen in a chafing dish or French Toast wedges getting arid as the Sahara under heat lamps. In fact, everything had that warmed-over, slightly mushy texture that never quite satisfies but somehow satiates because you'll be damned not to get your thirty-dollars' worth of food. One thing I have no complaints about is the service. The army of waitresses is at the ready refilling coffee cups and juice glasses and picking up the dirty dishes.The lines move as quickly as you would expect when people are overwhelmed by choices. If you read the guidebooks, the Bellagio is often mentioned as serving one of the best buffets on the Strip. Oh really. It appears bulimics have less choice in Sin City than originally thought.FOOD - 3 stars...quantity makes way for a relative mediocrityAMBIANCE - 3 stars...something of a pig trough in an Italian villaSERVICE - 4 stars...they keep those dishes movingTOTAL - 3 stars...accommodates our worst excesses...but at least for a fixed price
4	Very good buffet but it doesn't quite measure up  to Wynn's.   Main gripe, the king crab legs were water logged and a little bit too salty.  The best, try the rack of lamb w/ the mint jelly.  Very fabulous.  What also sets the Wynn buffet apart is the decor/ambiance.  At Wynn, it's trendy, modern, hip.  At Bellagio, it's old school.  It actually makes a difference in the overall experience for me.
4	I went to this buffet twice in my most recent stay at the bellagio.  I have to say that it was just as good as the Wynn buffet and in my eyes better hands down if not for Wynn's crab legs. I'll have to call these two buffets a wash , but the prices are little bit lower here and it's easier to get in as well.I liked the prime rib and lab especially, they had ribs and some other type of marinated steak. Shrimp aplenty, ceasar and other types of salad.The dessert section was also very strong, bread pudding, carrot cake, various types of chocolate cake, Flan and my favorite...cream puffs. All in all much better than I expected.
3	Eh, I don't know, I didn't find this buffet any special or different from any other buffet in Vegas. Yes, it was good, tons of variety, but I can't say it was memorable (other that the dry sushi which wasn't very tasty). Omelet bar was cool, yummy crab legs, cool little coffee and hot cocoa machines. But the line is incredibly long and it just wasn't so great. I'd say go once if you really want to, but don't out of your way to make a stop.
5	Wow the price is just too good (IF you dine here on weekdays)Fresh juicy lobster, large variety of meats (lamb, pork, beef etc..), and lots of asian, italian, mexican, american selections. Damm for $27, the price is competitive with other buffet on the strip that offers less than the quantity and quality of items here. I came here with my girl on our last day here in Vegas and boy I've been missing this place ever since.Again come on weekdays. less people + cheaper price
2	why? hedonistic and tacky seriously, americans do we really need that much food???
5	So I am not a fan of buffets...usually. However, the Bellagio has an exceptional buffet where the food was able to master the dichotomy of quality and quantity...I spent 2-3 hours in here, so let me share with you the tricks of the trade:TIPS:- Show up right before 3:30...prices till 3:30 are $20 bucks. Dinner food comes out around 3:45-4, but the price for that is double lunch--so get your $$$ worth!- You can special order a lot of the displayed food items; just ask!FAVES:- King crab legs + drawn butter = my fave money item- Lobster ravioli was to DIE for. I hate that phrase, but for once is apt...- All the fish was cooked properly with awesome spices--try them ALL- Anything with smoked salmon in here was mouth watering goodness- I tried almost all of the desserts and liked them all (the flan was soso)... but cheesecake, key lime, hazelnut mouse, creme brulee, strawberry tart... oh my god.- Flank steak and prime rib both cooked to perfection and well marinated- Garlic pesto mash = the best way to go for potatoesOkay I left this place in a food coma. I chowed down like there was no tomorrow...I ate a lot, and a wide variety at that. Despite my obese piglet-tendencies, this was still an elegant buffet, and it was done perfectly. I will most certainly eat here next time I go to Vegas, and you should too! Holy crap my stomach is growling...
5	Gosh how I wish Yelp would add one more button next to Useful.. Funny.. Cool... how about SLAPPP?? If you gave this place 3 stars or under... I really question you... what exactly do you expect in a buffet or restaurant? Sex under the table? Massages as you eat? Keno while you eat? I mean REALLY?? Whatever the line is, it is worth it... be social you are in Vegas, hang out talk to others from around the globe, watch the dealer tables nearby with people playing War... I thought that was only on Vegas Vacation until I saw it live and up close... Dress? No not to impress... but rather to come wobbling out... rolling like a ball, wobbling like a penguin, etc. Leave the belt at home guys... And girls if you pick one day to eat while you are on vacation make this be the day! Waiters and bartenders, you spoiled me completely... The selection of food is something I would have never envisioned... I walked around for a while looking for something they didn't have that I would want and NEGATIVE... King crab legs on steroids, PIZZA (all different types drool worthy), pastas of all sorts and sauces, sushi, meats, cheeses, salmon, shrimp, clams... EVERYTHING and ANYTHING. And there is no room for disappointment... Price is perfect... And if you are contemplating this buffet or the Wynn go for this one hands down...
3	I am such a big buffet fan, and should have listened to the people who said Wynn's was better. We decided on Bellagio because we wanted to check out the conservatory, and see what the deal was with Bellagio-- figured we'd kill two birds with one stone-- touristy spot + Vegas buffet. We were greeted with a huge line, which seemed to be moving fairly quickly but still, wow. Was like a nighclub line! Luckily, someone who was leaving the buffet gave us a line pass which entitled us to skipping line- awesomeness! We didn't have to wait at all!In terms of food variety, they deserve five stars, they have everything from sushi, to pork buns, lamb to turkey, salad to pizza. Has something for everyone for sure. What I did like: the spicy tuna hand roll, singapore noodles, potato cake, salad, fried rice, and unlimited coke. What was ok: The lamb was not that hot, the creamed spinach was okay, and the sushi was dry. The price was pretty good given the fact that it included drinks and a ridiculous spread of food- including desert. But it wasn't all high quality, hot food. Wasn't as exciting as I thought it would be.And can someone please explain to me the weird game they have going on with the numbers?
3	Ok so on a whim, my girlfriend and I ended up in vegas for the day a few weeks ago. After gambling a little we decided to hit up a highly rated vegas buffett. It was a saturday so we expected a line and a weekend price. When we got there we saw a sign that said on the weekends regular buffet $27.95 or the gourmet $36.95. I didn't know what the difference was. After we snaked through the ridiculous line we told the lady at the counter 2 and we ended up paying the gourmet price. We get inside and there are a ton of empty tables. -1/2 star. Don't make me wait if there are tables.  After getting some food, my girlfriend and I start question what the difference between the regular and the buffet. I asked the hostess what was the deal. She told me people had been asking that a lot lately and told me that weekends were only the gourmet buffet now. I told her what I read on the sign while waiting in line. She said that is not what it said. Why the hell would a lot of people be confused if the sign was right? -1 star. I am not stupid don't treat me like I am. The food: It was decent buffet food. I loaded up on the tuna poke and some other yummy stuff. Almost all the cooked fish was way overdone. -1/2 star. Overall , I am glad we did it but I wouldn't do it again.
2	I wouldn't come back here again especially for the price. I've heard great reviews about this place. But the only thing great about this buffet is the crabs! The rest of the food was BLAH! - J
3	hmm.. $20 lunch buffet (on a Monday). not bad. definitely cheaper than the Wynn.I pretty much ransacked the cocktail shrimp station and must've eaten half their supply when we were there. i tried the lamb, duck, turkey, pretty much a little bit of everything. all was decent enough.. but nothing amazing. the lamb with mint jelly was probably the highlight of my meal, along with the napoleon (dessert). dessert is my favorite part of the meal! i was slightly disappointed that they didnt have crab or lobster, but i guess for $20 wut do you expect. sushi was california rolls.. the kind i can make at home. the service (aka the person bringing us drinks) was good. hmm.. wut else.. nothing else i can really say about the buffet here.. i think next time i'll try the buffet at Paris.
5	It's sad to say, but one thing I was looking forward to the most was stuffing my fat ass at a buffet.  And boy did I do just that...  While the 9 others had thrown in the towel, I was still stuffing my face with Alaskan King Crab legs and tuna and salmon poke.2 plates later.....Still stuffing my face with Prime rib and more crab legs.Here's a sneaky little trick:Come in right before 3:30 to get in on lunch prices.  Dinner is served at about 4, so grab a quick snack, wait half an hour, and voila, dinner for the price of lunch.I was extremely disappointed at my choice of foods, as I didn't get to try out any of the other buffet items, including many of the amazing desserts, because of my binge eating on crab legs.  Everything here was so fresh and well prepared, and the service was excellent.  I couldn't ask for anything more.  I left not feeling bloated and like a chub, but happy and satisfied
3	Had the gourmet dinner on Saturday Night for over $40 with tax and tip.The line was out the door, but moved fast. I arrived around 7pm on Sat, and waited 30-45 minutes.The main attraction is the rack of lamb.  I told the meat guy to give me "alot" and he dumped 7 chops on my plate.  They were pretty average.. slightly seasoned, but overcooked to my taste, and not too juicy.   I had had worse though.  For dessert, I did NOT see ANY chocolate covered strawberries.  The self serve Ice cream is a JOKE.  It's the same stuff you'd find at Souplantation, Sizzler, or Hometown buffet.  No hand scooped Gelato or Ice Cream I've seen at middle tier buffets, and for much less ($8.95 at the M Resort)They did have creme brulee, which was mediocre quality.  There were cream puffs, eclairs, brownies..I did see some pretzel bread, and it wasn't bad.Alot of low end stuff was seen.. .. if you go.. stick with the lamb.. Overall, the Wynn isn't any better IMO.  I think the Wynn is even more expensive.  The Wynn may have better ice cream, and their lamb may be slightly better when or if they have it.  Read my review for the Wynn, but I didn't go on a weekend where they may have higher prices, and better fare.
4	if you love meat.. come here! they have a quite a few of selections just on meat. their seafood selection is the usual, king crab legs, tuna and salmon poke. dessert is okay, they've downgraded, in my opinion. I do love their chocolate dipped strawberries!i also love their wild mushroom soup.Bellagio's buffet used to be my favorite - #1.. until the day i fell in love w/ Wynn's Buffet. don't get me wrong, i still enjoy my times at bellagio's, just that it's no longer my first choice.
5	Why the Bellagio Buffet is better than they Wynn Buffet.Though the Bellagio Buffet does not have fancy things like duck or goose liver pate and the such what they do make they make good. Nothing is sitting there too long, nothing is dry (poultry included!) everything is just delicious. I never realized that the Bellagio & Wynn had a secret Buffet stand off if you will and I've even lived in Vegas..it took a lot of talking to people to figure that out. So I decided to try both on my recent weekend there.The desserts at the Bellagio are creative without being too much and absolutely delicious. I have a picture of it floating around somewhere on this computer..The food was great, I was pleased with everything I got, again nothing to dry or chewy.Over all I would go here again, and again, and again...as a matter of fact I wouldn't mind if the Bellagio Buffet transfered to my apartment in NYC...I can deal with the crowds...
4	We have tried many of the buffets out in Vegas and this is the best we've had!!  We went to Vegas with a group and of course didn't find this until half the group went home.Overall presentation is fantastic!!  The line to get in should have tipped us off that this place was the one.  LONG lines, moved quite quickly.  The dining area itself is HUGE!!  I like that the tables aren't too close together and you don't have to listen to everyone else's conversations.I'm the picky eater of the group and there were plenty of choices.  Your definitely not going hungry here.  Others in the group raved about the lamb.  I liked that they keep some of the breakfast foods out during the lunch buffet.  I'm not the earliest riser but still love to eat breakfast no matter what time of day.  Staff very friendly!! So glad we found this buffet.  Price was average! Food was great!!
2	I think the buffet here was mediocre and overrated.  I went on an early Saturday evening and there was almost no wait.  The buffet area was a bit small and the food was just mediocre.  The meat wasn't good, the sushi wasn't good, everything just wasn't good.  I've honestly had better food at the Rio Carnival World Buffet.I don't think it was worth the $40 and I will not be coming here again.
5	This is one of THE BEST Buffets that there is on the LV strip. =) I have to agree..seafood wise, It's WAY better than WYNN's buffet..it has much mroe of a variety of foods to choose from & its cheaper & just much better =)GREAT seafood selection & desert too..You really can sneak in b/w Lunch & dinner & just pay the lunch price..hahahah..LOL =)I just LOVE the King Crab legs here! I can eat tons & tons of it! =)
3	If you like good food and are looking for a good buffet, the Bellagio Buffet is a perfect place to go.  So why only three stars?  Well, first, giving any buffet 5 stars seems to equate it to other fine dining establishments.  Obviously, that isn't the case.  I mean, you don't see people in jeans or shorts stuffing themselves like they are going to the chair at a Michelin restaurant, so minus one star. Second, you can't rate the quality of a buffet based solely on the fact that they have crab legs and prime rib, so minus one star there.  While crab legs are good, barely thawed crab legs out of an industrial bucket "don't a good buffet make."    In sum, the food (especially the desserts) is good and you will leave satisfied that you had a quality meal for a decent price.
4	I walked out of the buffet the fullest that I have ever been in my entire life. I happened to be wearing some really tight, constricting articles of clothing and ended up taking pieces off until I was down to my spaghetti strap (and jeans, I wasn't walking around pant-less). Not my proudest moment. The Bellagio Buffet is definitely tasty and something to be experienced when you go to Vegas. The quality of the food is superior to a lot of other buffets and you can just taste it when you eat it. I was actually really surprised at how good the sushi they had was, especially the tuna poke salad. And their prime ribs & baby back ribs are delissssh. I wasn't a fan of the crab legs that they had out though. Snaps to them for cutting them for you already (because I'm a baby & hate having to go through all that work for such little pay off) but it tasted incredibly salty to me. I've had better. And I was a little disappointed by the desserts. They were tasty enough, but not nearly as good as they looked. No big though, everything else made up for it. Just a note, the wait is kind of long. And there's only like 3 stalls in the ladies restroom, so there's always a wait there too. Seriously? It's a buffet. You'd think they'd be sensitive to that, and to those that might want to "unload" before going for round 8. The service is great though- my drink was always filled, tables quickly cleared, and the waiter gave me some bomb green tea after to help digest. Also, as nice as the hotel itself may be, there's really no need to get dressed up for it as it isn't really a "nice" restaurant, in case anyone was wondering. I truly felt bad for the girls I saw dressed to impress teetering back and forth on their heels. Dress comfortably in loose clothing, stretchy pants not optional. :)
4	Fan-freaking-tastic.  I thought the line was kind of long when we arrived around 10 am, but when we left at noon it was insane.  So, if possible, try to get there a little early, but the sushi might not be out yet.  And if you can handle it, definitely spring the extra $10 for the mimosas.  The servers are pouring those things like there's no tomorrow - and not much OJ either.  I love the breakfast buffet, and this place had pretty much everything - eggs benedict, omelet station, tons of pastries and fruit, prime rib - even rack of lamb (which I was kind of scared of).  The atmosphere is what you would expect for a buffet, but I thought the food stations were much fancier (I suppose it is the Bellagio, after all), and a great value in Las Vegas for $30/person (might have been even less).  The huge line seemed to move quickly, but I definitely didn't feel rushed once we were in there.  I wish I could go every morning.
4	Great layout, great selection and (for buffet food) great preparation!  This buffet is my winner for dinner.  The selection of items on the Bellagio Buffet is wonderful. There's a little something there for everyone. The staff does a great job of keeping items fresh and well stocked. I would have to say this is one of my top picks when it comes to Vegas buffets and after this last stay ... I think I've officially tried them all! If you love crab legs as much as I do, then you're in luck.  They pile them high and let you serve yourself (unlike MGM).  It works out wonderfully, because you don't get caught waiting in line for an hour to receive three crab legs.  They slice them down the middle as well, which is another huge perk.  If you like them warm take them to one of the cooking stations and they will grill'em up for you.  It's Fantastic!P.S. A Thrifty side note: If you time it just right - and hit the buffet line around 3:30 you will experience dinner selections at lunch prices $. Too, this will be the only meal you'd need for the day. Trust me. There is a way to do Vegas on a budget.
3	I came here for lunch on Sunday and for some reason they did not have any crab legs.  How can you not serve crab legs??Every time I go to a buffet, I must eat the prime rib.  And their prime rib was OK.  A few things that stood out were the lobster ravioli, shrimp and peso pizza, and the french toast station.  They have a big dessert section.  But no cones for ice cream!
4	Heard of this buffet on the food channel and decided to give it a shot while I was there for the day.  Not bad at all!Didn't have to wait in line too long considering we just arrived there @6pm.  $60 buck (With included 18% automatic gratuity).  The ambiance was nice.  Very professional staff.  Impressed with the beautiful layout of the table and genuine silverware.  Overall food selection was good and of good quality.  Okay, the sushi section was not good at all.  Fish was not fresh and the spicy tuna handroll was spicy but was bland, I wonder if that made sense.  Nigiri salmon was almost on the fishy side.  Eck!  But the other parts of the selections of the buffet made up for it.  I finally had the chance to try buffalo and it was good!  Lean meat without the gamey taste.  The veal was veal.  It was alright.  The prime rib was so tender and delicious!  Oh ya!  Roast beef was not bad either.  The roasted duck was peeling from the bones.  Yum!Salad was decently good.  Gotta be adventurous with the many selections of non-traditional dressings.  Lobster ravioli was excellent.  4 cheese pizza was also great.  Yes, they had the pizza selection.  BBQ chicken pizza was not bad too.  I literally tried as much as I could just to try the many thing available but was too stuffed but managed to try a little bit of everything and it was majority thumbs up.  I had to save room for the dessert.  I'm a sucker for soft serve ice cream and that hit the spot with the slice of apple pie and napoleon was a great ending to the meal.  The server also brought me a great cup of fresh coffee to go with my dessert.    The layout of the buffet was great without having to stand in lines like cattle.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  Would I go spend on that buffet again.........Absolutely!
2	I was not impressed at all the crab legs were frozen and the rest of the food was very bland.  Everyone raves about the deserts the cakes were dry, creme brulee was ok.  I think the best item was the raspberry and peach sorbet.  I would not recommend this buffet.  Planet Hollywood buffets is way better tasting and bigger selection.
4	Wynn or Bellagio?  Tough choice.  It's a coin toss between the two.  If you love Alaskan king crab and creme brulee, go to the Wynn though I thought the opi snow crab legs were sweeter and more tender than the Alaskan King crab legs.  Prime rib was good at both places.  However, I was shocked that the carver at the Bellagio cut the prime rib in half HORIZONTALLY.  The best part of the prime rib was on one half and the tougher part was on the other.  If you didn't know your cuts, you'd be missing out on the most tender part of the prime rib.  I still couldn't believe it.  I've never been to a buffet that does that.   Cut it thinner if you don't want people to waste but don't cut it in half horizontally!!!  Other than that the desserts overall were better at the Bellagio.  And if you like sushi and poke salad definitely go here.  They even have spicy tuna hand roll.  Yum!
4	Outstanding buffet! Great value!  I attended the breakfast and lunch buffets. The breakfast selection was good but the lunch selection was very diverse. The food was well prepared, not over cooked, there was a great selection of foods from around the world, and the pastry chef deserves a round of applause. A wonderful surprise was that the soft serve ice cream station had sorbet, non-dairy ice cream!! One concern, the layout of the buffet line was very difficult to navigate. I like to have a lot of room to view what's available before piling food on my plate and that was difficult to do.
4	There are only three buffets i fool with when i hit Vegas: the ones at the Rio, the Wynn, and Bellagio.  Freakin fabulous, all of 'em.  Yeah, its just a buffet, I agree, but when you have 99cent buffets and other nonsense like that out there then you have to give props to those who deserve them.  I personally hate the buffet concept because I don't want to serve myself when I'm in a restaurant (lazy, I know) but since the 'rents always ALWAYS only do buffets in LV I've had no choice over the years.  The Bellagio buffet always has a great variety, fresh seafood and salad stuff which I like, and just good quality food in general.  The only unfortunate thing is that the line sometimes gets long, and I hate waiting in that little cave of an entry that they have before you get to the cashier.  Since I always have my revenge with crab legs I never mind too much :) muah ha ha ha haaaaaaaaa (yes that was my evil laugh)
4	I've been here twice - once for champaign brunch and once for their weekend "gourmet dinner". Both times were pretty good and mostly worth the price (~$40 per person for dinner, and you can get wine). Gourmet dinner nights include goodies like king crab legs, osso bucco (yum), venison, lamb, all kinds of seafood, sashimi, steak tartare, prime rib (of course). You can play keno while you eat, which is also fun (but don't expect to win much). I liked the desserts and felt pretty stuffed and satisfied afterward. This is probably one of my fave buffets on the Strip - everyone who comes to Vegas should eat here at least once!
4	My husband and I had planned to go here for the Sunday Brunch but thanks to our flight being delayed for 6 hours, we had to settle for a weekday breakfast instead but we weren't disappointed.The selection of food was amazing. There were several stations with the typical breakfast choices of toast, fruit, oatmeal, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes to some lesser seen items such as eggs benedict, eggs florentine, apple cinnamon crepes and cheese blintzes. There was an omelette station, an asian station featuring curried duck, singapore noodles and some other choices (not really my choice for breakfast), a pizza station and much more.  The pastries were amazing and the croissants were "melt-in-your-mouth" good! For $15 a person, this is a great deal. Though, I couldn't quite understand why the couple sitting next to us paid all that money for just a couple of bowls of fruit.
5	This place makes a Las Vegas trip complete!We had the dinner buffet and it exceeded our expectations. They have a wide selection of food as well as world class dessert chefs. The seafood was all very fresh too.This is a must eat buffet if you're in Vegas. The price is worth it. Come hungry!
5	"Will you be enjoying Champagne with your meal today?" YES Please!! Champagne brunch at the Bellagio is something that can't be beat on your next vacation. For about $30 a person you can drink yourself into a stupor with champagne or make it a mimosa and eat yourself silly. Choices include: Sushi -- spicy tuna hand rolls, maki, delicate rice paper spring rolls... Lamb -- falling off the bone Chicken Wellington -- think chicken, well seasoned, wrapped in phyllo dough, baked and then the chicken is uber moist. Turkey -- old school turkey with gravy and crispy skin. Potatoes -- I'm not even sure how many varieties, but I saw baked potato, mashed potato, mashed with a parsley pesto sauce, has browns/tater tots, and a cheesy potato gratin Eggs -- omelets, scrambled, prepared how you'd like them. Prime Rib -- creamy horseradish sauce, grainy mustard, au jus yummy!! Lox and bagels -- with capers, red onions, cream cheese, a mustard-dill sauce, and sliced tomatoes and mini bagels Too many varieties of salads to list. Pot stickers / dim sum style food Pasta -- pesto style and a bolognese sauce Lots of dessert -- cakes, pies, sorbet, gelato, creme brulee, and breads. And so much more. I tried as much of it as I could, went back for seconds and attempted to go back for thirds. Our waitress was friendly, kept the champagne flowing, and cleared plate after plate. It was all so good and filling! Can't wait to come back and eat here again.
4	Never in my life did I picture myself hitting up a buffet in Vegas. What can I say. It always seemed gimmicky I guess. So I crashed here for a night. The room was pimp and exceeded expectation. I had been driving all freaking day and in dire need of something delicious. No reservations, no snacks and screw eating shit from the mini bar. So me and buddy mosey on down to the  Buffet while gawking at the numerous hot females walking around.Back to the food. Everything was great first and foremost. The sushi was just okay, bland and the selection of rolls was pretty eh. Anyway not quality sushi. The Prime Rib was really juicy and satisfied my craving for blood. The king crab legs were really good and the shrimp were mighty tasty. The spinach stuffed pasta things were great, smothered in a creamy white sauce. Pesto mashed potatoes, duck, turkey, spareribs, noodles, dim sum, everything was really good and the quality of the food was overall pretty good. I left this place feeling like a really content blob. The service was great and the drinks were pretty good. Nice buffet... good enough to wipe my buffet grudge away for the time being.
3	We ate at the Bellagio buffet for lunch/dinner. We got in like a half hour before lunch ended to get the lunch price, ate slowly and they slowly started converting to dinner. The food was good buffet food with a wide selection, though I would not say it was amazing food overall. The desserts were very good. One thing I thought a lot of the side dishes like potatoes were a little salty for me. Overall for a buffet it was quite good.
5	When I said I was gonna go all out at the Bellagio buffet, I think I went a tad overboard. Dude, the selections were vast and they all looked really delicious. It only took us about 30 minutes to wait in line and we went for the food right away. The key to a buffet was to taste a bit of everything. They had kobe beef brisket and it was delicious. The brisket had perfect combination of fat and meat. I had everything from Chilean seabass, tuna & salmon Poke, prime rib, king crab legs, truffle scented ravioli, tempura sushi, sweet potato mash, pesto potato mash, mussels, scallop salad, roasted salmon, fingerling potatoes, asparagus, and more and more. Does that make your mouth water or what....The dessert selection was a bit disappointed. We did a tasting of mini cheesecake, creme puff, napolean, hazelnut chocolate cake, creme brulee, carrot cake, and some apricot thing with chocolate. The best one was the creme brulee. Everything else tasted pretty "normal" and nothing exciting. But by that time, I could hardly move with all the food that I consumed prior to the dessert. Service was great since they refill your drinks promptly and they clean up after you. Don't forget to leave a tip for them. Overall, I wouldn't mind going back there again and again and again. Who would wanna pay $20 for a circus circus buffet when you have the Bellagio for only $40?
5	So far one of the best buffets I've had in Vegas, although they have many similar dishes that other buffets would have. They just tend to use better ingredients for example at a normal asian station you might find chicken curry but instead they had Duck Curry. Most of the dishes I had were good except for maybe a few. The lamb from the carving station was pretty dry but everything else made up for it.From what I remember, they had a decent selection of sushi that tasted fresh, an Italian station that was pretty good, prime rib which was moist and tender (although I couldn't find any au jus) and they had 2 types of crab - Alaskan king crab and snow crab. Also, the desserts are delicious although I love all desserts so i'm easy to please in that department. Overall I would recommend this place to people visiting or someone who wants to treat themselves to a good buffet.
2	Good selection of dishes from American to Asian.  From memory there were:  alaskan crab legs, snow crab legs, mussels, lobster ravioli, mushroom ravioli, salad bar, prepared salads, miso soup, vegetable and barley soup, venison, Chinese BBQ duck, ribs, oso bucco, veal, prime rib, quail, lamb chop, halibut, sea bass, variety of pizzas, breads, apple cobbler, fruit tart, mouse, cookies, ice cream, sushi, hand roll, Spanish Paella, stir- fry, grilled vegetables, cheese selection, olives, banana, cantaloupe, honey dew, watermelon, apple, pear, orange/tangerine, ceviche, poke, and non-alcoholic drinks are included in the price.  However, most items were very salty and not really what I was expecting in terms of taste.
3	Lots of variety of food with seafood, sushi, pasta, chinese food, etc.  The prime rib was good! However, I didn't think the food was anything spectacular and for $30, it was a bit overpriced. I ate less than two plates and was full, definitely did not get my money's worth.  Then again, I'm not much of a buffet person. Also, the buffet may have been hyped up too much by my friends, so my expectations were a little high.I did like the service.  A kind lady would stop by pretty often asking us if we needed anymore drinks and refills.In the end, my friend and I left feeling a little disappointed.
4	I was on a mission that night. My eye was on the prize. If I was going to spend $30 on a buffet, I was going to bring out the big guns. I saw what I had expected. Various steaks and fancier meats, assorted pasta dishes, sushi, but then something caught the corner of my eye. I lurked forward, skeptical, pondering if I had witnessed the "real deal." As I got closer, the excitement built until I knew for sure what I had found. The mother of all finds. Something that I had never eaten at a buffet before...ALASKAN KING CRABI could barely contain myself. There were a few people in front of me who were taking their sweet time picking up those deliciously huge crab legs and I gave them my evilest eye. Finally, I had made it to the front and started to pile my plate with crab legs. It was glorious. The crab legs were already cracked in half for you, so you didn't have to work to get your crab meat. It was instant gratification that I had never felt while eating crab. I really liked it. The huge downside were that the legs were cold, but you can't always win.I calculated that around my 3rd plate of crabs, that I was near getting my money's worth. So, I decided to venture off and try some of the other items. The prime rib was dry and the chicken wellington really didn't impress me. I went back to the crab legs.That being said, the experience was worth it. Vegas buffet's really did meet my expectations and I'm anxious to try the others as well.
4	a lot of food... a lot of good food to be precise...i would personally stay away from the meat... most of them are pretty average... however... the appetizers, sushis and desserts were fabulous.the smoke salmon, spicy salmon and spicy tuna trumps it all.expect to be in line for a little while... one of the most popular place for dining in the hotel... since its the most affordable... use your players card to get a complimentary dinner if you are able to
4	Like any buffet - come hungry and boy I did.  I was shocked to see that it wasn't too bad of a line for a Friday night.  Perhaps, it is because of the nearly $40 dollar price tag per person.  Once we were seated, it was on.  They had everythang - King Crab Legs, prime rib, rack of lamb, and my favorite Kobe beef.  It just melts in your mouth.  They had a variety of foods from Chinese, Japanese, Italian, to American.  I didn't see any Mexican though.  Their desert selection is to die for.  Can anyone holla "Chocolate Covered Jumbo strawberries"?Definitely the best buffet, I've ever been to.  I've yet to try the Wynn buffet though.  We shall see.  It'll be hard to top this.
3	Saturday night buffet around 9PM.At 9PM the line to get into the buffet was still pretty insane.  Thank goodness for line pass!  Saturday is their "gourmet" buffet and you get some extras like beef wellington (pretty good) and lamb chops.  There are also selections of venison and prime rib but both were incredibly bad and overcooked or RAW, not rare.  I've never seen snow crab at the B buffet so I'm guessing they were new.  They also had the usual king crab legs but both the king and snow were partially frozen and TINY.  I'm sure if our party had gone earlier, we would have been able to get the bigger, more meaty ones but oh well.  For a first timer, the buffet would be good but coming back to eat again would be really difficult to justify the $40+ price tag.  Even on a comp, I would probably prefer to have an enjoyable more peaceful meal at the CAFE!
4	I came for a sunday brunch. The desserts lead me on. It was like a Monet. They looked so delicious from far away, but up close they were just a mess. They didn't taste so good. But they did have PRIME RIB for brunch! OH MAN it was sooooo damn good. I ate tons of prime rib and bacon for brunch. The Chinese food looked iffy so stay away from that. But the breakfast items are good, and the spicy tuna handrolls are also decent. They're also pretty damn spicy. Top it off with $5 bottomless Mimosas. MMMM MMMMMMM MMMMMMMM
4	The Bellagio buffet gets my vote as the best buffet on the strip.  I cannot count the amount of times I have been here, but every time, it is excellent.  I do not really recommend the breakfast or brunch, as much as I can recommend the weekend dinner.  While the breakfast or brunch is very tasty (especially the nutella and banana stuffed french toast), it is pretty standard fare.  The weekend dinners typically include the king crab legs, jumbo shrimp cocktail, kobe beef, beef wellington, and rack of lamb.  All excellent entrees.  The swordfish and mashed sweet potatoes are also excellent.  Come early (around 5ish) and with a good appetite and you will not be disappointed.Also, the desserts are high end restaurant quality in both taste and presentation.  You cannot go wrong with anything you grab from that station.
4	***I am not a big fan of buffets, but the breakfast buffet at the Bellagio features a wide variety of pretty good food that is satisfying; it is also a good value (if you come really hungry)***I've never had the lunch or the dinner buffet at the Bellagio, but I usually go to the Bellagio for the breakfast buffet on most trips to Vegas.  There are occasional waits, but it is usually pretty quick to get seated.The variety is quite impressive.  And the food is a little better than your average buffet.  Plus, there are duplicate meat/egg stations to make getting through the buffet quite easy even when there is a crowd.The booths are very comfortable.  And it is far enough away from the noises of the casino that eating breakfast here is a welcomed change-of-pace.
3	I came here for Sunday Brunch and it was nothing special to me.  I guess all of the 5 star reviews are coming from their Dinner Buffet.There was nothing outstanding here for breakfast/lunch.Next time I will try their dinner and really see what its all about.
3	Go for the meat, not for the seafood. Crab legs and Sushi bar was a joke.  Pasta was great. The meat section was diverse but I did not have any. With that said, here is my rating:In terms of yelp, The Buffet is a three-star establishment for five-star prices.  It's simply overrated.  We paid  $38 for a weekend dinner but I feel like it should have cost ~$28.  Alcoholic drinks extra. The dining room is not "Bellagio" special. The staff is friendly so they must get paid pretty well. I rate buffets by the seafood section but the seafood section here was a large, yet unmaintained, stack of skinny-shaped crab legs.
4	My dad loves going to the buffet and it has quite a good selection. We paid $16 dollars at that time for lunch which is not too bad.  Anyways you get a ton of food.  Yes I love the crab legs and I like the prime rib as well. I like the breakfast food. The sushi is not too bad as well. Definitely a recommendation to eat at the buffet.
5	The best selection of entrees and meats for buffets!I luved the herb crusted prime rib, beef wellington, lamb roast, chicken marsala, chicken picatta and yummy pizzas..The deserts were excellent and the service was outstanding.
5	Headed here for dinner with some friends over Easter weekend.  I'd had this on my list of places to eat for some time and I was certainly not disappointed.  The quality of all of the food was very good, especially considering the fact that they have such a large variety.  As you walk into the buffet area you are greeted with a large assortment of sushi (both nigiri and various rolls).  I passed on these and headed to the pile of crab legs lurking behind the sushi bar.  They split the crab legs so that they are easier to eat, which is a plus.  No need to waste precious buffet time cracking open a bunch of crab legs!  Also along the way you will find traditional American cuisine such as mashed potatoes and prime rib, along with other ethnic delights such as grape leaves and Chinese specialties.  Among the surprises was the beef wellington, which is not found at most other buffets.  It melts in your mouth.  The desserts leave something to the imagination and better ones can be found elsewhere.  But an excellent place to enjoy a nice meal if you can justify the cost.
2	I had some pretty high expectations for this buffet and i was disappointed. For the price 30 per person on a weekday and considering this buffets' location i expect better. The food was just OK. Some of the highlights I had were the already pealed shrimp, prime rib and some of the pasta's. Some of the low lights, the Chinese food, the sushi and the desserts. Chinese food was crap, the sushi was sub par although there was a large selection. The dessert stations looked nice but the food itself wasn't good. And now for the BIGGEST low light. The crab legs. I had some high expectations for them, including love when i saw that they were already cracked open and all you needed was your fork so that you could just remove the meat and eat. The problem....they were frozen solid. I took two legs and let them rest a few mins figuring they would thaw out and be ok...they were too far gone frozen. Honestly just crappy. I was very disappointed with the whole thing especially for the place and the price.
5	I always make sure to come here for their Sunday brunch buffet when I'm in Vegas.  They offer so many choices, it's really hard to decide on what to eat.  They make the yummiest omelettes (lots of different ingredients to choose from including crab and shrimp - mMM...).  I also like that their shrimps are really fresh and huge as well.  Their crab legs are already halved so all it makes eating them super easy.  Their sushi is pretty good as well and they make a mean spicy tuna hand roll.  The quality of their food definitely beats all the other buffets I've been too (including the Wynn buffet).Best part about the Bellagio buffet?  Their desserts of course!  They offer so many decadent treats...there's bound to be something for everyone ;)Only bad part is that the wait is usually 1.5 hours but it's so worth it when you're finally in there surrounded by all the yummy foods they have to offer.  Definitely recommended!
4	We ate here for hours! We popped in right before lunch and were not hustled out when lunch time came around. The variety of food offered here is amazing. Omelets made to order, salmon, sushi bar, etc. This place is definitely worth at least one try.
4	My experience here was very exciting, but I think we got a little out of hand at the end of our stay here.Let me just sum my experience here up in a couple bullet points1.  Unlimitted mimosas2. Waiter that kept us up to stock on oj and cranberry mixers while keeping our champagne glasses full3. Awesome omelet station4. Large variety of seafood5. 1 stall and 2 urinals for a huge buffet... come onGreat way to start your day in Vegas with this brunch buffet, and is one of my favorite buffets I have ever been to.
5	My friend and I had a horrible battle throughout our stay in Vegas - trying to conceal our food babies (food baby: when you eat so much it looks like you're pregnant).Buffet at Bellagio made me look like I was going to be the next octo-mom.Bellagio buffet is way better than the one at the Wynn, and a fraction of the price! We went for lunch and only paid about $25/person. Oh goodness... they had a salad bar, soup (best clam chowder!), sushi, the BEST seafood (salmon and halibut!), pasta, pizza, and the desserts... man. I only got a carrot cake but it was heavenly.There were tiny ass girls carrying around plate after plate filled with desserts. I don't know how they did it. Dia-beetus beware!!So much variety, which is what in my opinion makes it better than the Wynn's buffet.
5	We started our day of drunken debauchery here and it couldn't have been more wonderful. $30 for all you can drink mimosas and the buffet! I don't need to go into the details, but basically it ends up with our entire group in a very happy place around 1 in the afternoon in the Venetian pool where we continued to drink our lives away.
4	better than most buffets in vegas.  skip the dessert unless you really love sugar... like lots of them!
4	YUM, the quality of food here is amazing for a buffet.  The sushi is relatively high-grade, and there are obviously tons of options.  Dinner is around $40/person plus tip for your "server" who really only brinks you drinks and coffee.  I love the pesto mashed potatos and the sea bass!
5	Good brunch! Although it cost us 30 something dollars (weekend price) including gratuity for a party of 9, it was well worth it... They have an omelette station, yum! They also have a sushi bar which was alright, but the spring rolls are sooo good!  The best was the dessert! OMG I'm not much in to sweets, but I had cheesecake, chocolate cake, and chocolate mousse cake... what a fatty I am :) Great stuff...mmmmmm
2	I was expecting better from the Buffet at the Bellagio.  When I'm halfway through eating my first plate and I'm already thinking about the buffet we should have ate it's usually a bad sign.  Food there was so so but they don't offer that many different types of food as one of my favorite legas buffet has.  About the only good thing they had was the prime rib.  Another thing is usually I enjoy playing keno at buffets, it's helps create some type of break while snarfing down all that food.  That night the keno runner was no where to be found although our waiter assured me that he was there.  When the runner did come by I had to about tackle the guy to get his attention.  All in all...I would skip this buffet for someplace else.
4	I think the rating is true to what it is... 4 out of 5. I happened to come here on the weekend so it was a Champagne Brunch. Like everyone here suggested. Come like 3-3:30 before dinner rolls out so you can pay the brunch price (no champagne is 24 bucks, with champagne is 28/29 bucks--i forget). The food was delicious with things, I'd probably have never tried in my life. Buffalo was decent but it was a little on the dry side. Prime rib was delicious as well as the lamb. Dessert was yum yum with creme brulee (that was bruleed in front of you). But the staff was attentive and pretty good about taking your dishes away once you were completed. I'd come back again!
3	OK, yes, you can't get a $30 dinner at many of the restaurants in Vegas. But, this isn't exactly a foodie destination.  Yes, I should I have know this...it is a buffet.  But, it is Vegas and the reviews were so good.  The husband really, really wanted to try a Vegas buffet, so I said OK as long as we went to one like Bellagio or Wynn. It really is just a buffet.  Yes, there are crab legs. And, my guess is that is where all of the money goes.  You will see people with giant crab leg piles walking past you. Everything was pretty mediocre. Mediocre sushi, mediocre prepared salads, beautiful desserts that taste mediocre. There is a lot of meat, but it is pretty mediocre and kind of lacking in flavor. The pretzel bread, olive bread, pesto mashed potatoes, sorbet, and mac n cheese were really good.  For me, the highlight of the meal.
3	3.5 starwhen we lended in Vegas, we both was really hungry!!! my friend said go to Bellagio have a buffet first. thats good idea! cos i was damn hungry :P Bellagio buffet is okay. cos not really yummy! they have Salad Bar, Sushi ( its good ) , Smoked Salmon ( its okay ), Shrimp,  Pasta, Soup ( Clam Chowder & Miso),  the desserts... Crab leg too! i was perfre eat a huge of Crab Legs, but those legs not thats good and kind of small! thats not good :( but for lunch just in US$23... not bad ( hotel price )
4	The Buffet at Bellagio.........We missed sneaking in at lunch prices and just gave in and paid $27.95 for dinner prices.  It was worth it.Great: Delicious King Crab (served on ice, but warm butter fixes that), Prime Rib, Leg of Lamb, deserts (so many to name), service (we had an awesome older asian female who was great the entire time)Good: Pizza (yes they actually serve good pizza.),breads, salad selection, etc.Average: Sushi/rolls, mac and cheese.Yuck: Manacoti, Veal Piccata.  The manacoti was hard and I could probably bounce the Veal off the floor if I tried.All in all I would go back for the king crab legs and the stuff I know I like.  Definitely worth at least one try, you may find something you like.
3	I am actually giving this experience 2.5 stars, not 3. It is only even get that much based on past memories of fonder times. We just got back from dinner here at $35.95/per person and I can't believe the quality was where it was for that price. Maybe I expected too much based on all the good reviews and my memories but, let me tell you yelpers-not happening tonight.Crab legs were good, that is about as good as it got for the evening. I felt like for the quality that this buffet was supposed to be at that the options would have been more plentiful. The paella was dry and looked like it has been sitting there since that afternoon, grandma needs a new recipe for her mac and cheese-it was dryer than the Sahara Desert. The flan tasted fruity-how does that happen? The cappuccino mousse had some floaty water on it. I don't know guys, I left feeling sad that we chose that as our buffet experience and at $35.95/per person. If you are looking for a good, solid buffet go to Spice Market buffet-I have yet to be disappointed in 9 years of going there.
3	we went to this buffet on a friday night, there were 5 adults, it cost almost 200 dollars, and we all didnt feel like it was worth it. some things were good, some things you could get at any other buffet. chinese stations are pretty commonplace, you had to ask for fresh fruit, crab legs were good, service was not so great, i don't want to eat my 36 dollar dinner with a pile of empty plates in front of me. my cappucino mousse was watery, the flan had a fruity taste, what is that all about. anyway, it just wasnt worth the price, we pretty much all decided that its just not necessary to go back.
5	3pm Nevada time was 5pm according to my Wisconsin body, so the $19.95 lunch was dinner for me.   I would try to find something to nit-pick, but this is simply astounding value for $19.95.  The seared flank steak, thinly sliced at the carving station, was phenomenal - - an ideal cut of meat.  Unexpected favorites included the creamy herbed polenta,  the super-tasty pesto mashed potatoes.  The rotini with a bolognese sauce had classic bolognese flavor - - not just another meat sauce.  The raw tuna nicoise sald was great.   Incredible dessert selection.  Tasteful furnishings (sat at the nicely marbled bar - - a nice option with the constant drink refills a glance away - - and you might get seated quicker if you volunteer to sit there!).
4	You're never gonna find a buffet like this in your hometown... Lots of amazing dishes are served here- The crab legs are outstanding. The chicken wellington was delicious. The pasta tastes fresh. The roasted turkey was juicy. The shrimp was endless. ALL of the deserts and cakes I tried were great. The sushi sucked, but then again I've never had good sushi at a buffet anywhere... i think you need to actually go to a sushi restaurant for good sushi. The Paella wasn't very tasty, either... the chicken and sausage in it were very dry. Also, as delicious as many of the items here are, i feel like it isn't enough selection for the insane price you pay- and left something to be desired. I still give it 4 stars for overall quality of their main dishes, but i feel like there is a 5 star buffet out there in Vegas i haven't tried yet.
4	Obviously there is going to be a lot to choose from and it's all going to be something exquisite. Yes it will cost more and sometimes the lines are going to be ridiculously long. What I love about this place is that if you went to a nice restaurant and can't decide what to eat. Here can have it all ! If you just want to try something you can do it here. Here is where you can get all your answers. I like to get a little bit of everything here and try almost everything they have to offer. I love the desserts here. Awesome.
1	I really didn't want to go out to a buffet, but I agreed to go because my other half REALLY wanted to go.  The line was very long, and we got to watch "VIPs" skip the line while we waited.  I had a little to eat; what I had tasted good.  I went to the bathroom, and there was a girl in the restroom puking and puking and puking.  Needless to say, after hearing that, I did not have much of an appetite.  I came back to the table and my spouse was also nauseous, and she didn't even get a chance to eat much.  She barely made it back to the hotel room.  She threw up all night long.  I recommend you skip the buffet.
2	I'm downgrading them two stars for their lunch selection.  Yes the price is cheaper for lunch but the qualify and the selection is a lot less as well.  They served flank steak and turkey at their carving stations and both cuts of meats were dry.  The sushi station is very limited to just veggie, California roll, and at request spicy tuna hand rolls.  The miso soup is really salty too.  The seafood menu is very limited too.  I guess its still an above average buffet but I was disappointed as dinner here the last time was really good.
4	One of the best buffets in Vegas.  Line was huge, but with a VIP card - went straight to the front.  Mountains of unlimited crab legs.  The sushi was ok - but the prime rib, endless shrimp, and the beef tartare (raw ground beef) was awesome.  Venison, lamb, veal - I injured my jaw chewing all the meat, so I would suggest this buffet at the end of your culinary adventure.
2	Meh. I've experienced better.I tried the Bellagio buffet a couple Vegas trips back (about a year ago) and all of my friends thought it was alright, we were more excited about leaving to watch the water show.  The next day, we went to Rio and regretted even wasting our money at the Bellagio buffet.Since that time, I've heard so many good reviews about the place.  My boyfriend told me it was on Food Network for its fine selection of fresh meat!  So two Vegas trips ago, I willingly went with my friends to give Bellagio buffet another try.It was Memorial Day weekend so prices were more expensive, however I can't remember exactly how much because my boyfriend paid.  We came around 3pm for a late lunch so we could stay until dinner ;P  When I walked in, I thought "maybe I was wrong about this place".  I was so excited to dig into everything they had because everything looked so good and there were so many selections!!However, for me, it was all looks.  I probably grabbed about 3 full plates piled with food and two plates of dessert (one for fruit).  My favorite was the dessert (as always).  I didn't finish any of my 3 plates and wouldn't have been able to even if I forced myself to.  To get a better picture of the food, the BREAKFAST BACON was my favorite item -_-  because it was so crunchy.  Maybe the pesto mashed potatoes were high on my list.  The meat was disappointing, considering it was raved about on Food Network.  The pasta was good but my favorite was rotated out before I could get seconds =(  OH YEAH, and the sushi sucked!!!!!  I couldn't even swallow my first piece.For dessert, I grabbed a bunch of different pastries that looked pretty.  I'm used to pretty looking dessert that tasted mediocre.  However, their fruit tarts were yummy from top to bottom!  The crust had a nice texture, the creme wasn't too sweet or too bland and the strawberries had dark chocolate sprinkles on top!  It was heaven, I tell ya.  Then I found chocolate dipped strawberries!!  The thing was: they were half milk chocolate and half white chocolate!  And the strawberries were huge!!!!All in all, I'm not paying for Bellagio buffet again.  Compared to a buffet from home, it's really good!  The food isn't horrible but I'd much rather go to Rio!
5	Still just as good as ever. I know the Bellagio vs Wynn debate will never be answered. But this past weekend, we tried Bellagio for lunch and it was amazing. THe highlight of everything? Strawberries. The freshest I had ever seen. Plump, large, ripe, fresh, and so red they looked almost black! Too bad it was not on a sunday, otherwise again I would have loaded up on the champagne for my campaign!
3	This place is really overrated.  I don't think there is anything special about this buffet.  Food is mediocre; selection is not the most varied I've seen.  Service is horrible too; I waited 20 minutes just to get me a cup of water.  The price is not that bad for brunch though.
5	We can here for lunch for my friend's bachelor party weekend.Service - excellent ... drinks always full and waiter responsive to our requests.Cleanliness - very cleanPrice - $25.00 per personSeafood - shrimp, salmon, tilapia, tuna, etc.Meats - prime rib, turkey, chicken, etcDessert - enough to become obeseFruits - yesOther - has some sushi and breakfast food items @ lunch as wellIt's a buffet so here are the list of things I got the most of:Shrimp - 1.3 plates - served good size shrimp--not wimpy shrimps you see at most buffets.  Damn, I'm already at home and wishing that I got another plate.  The cocktail sauce was excellent--I hate cocktail sauce that is too overpowering, but this one was perfect.Prime rib - 1 serving - Excellent!!  It was prepared perfectly in my opinion--really tasty, moist, and tender.  Only got 1 serving b/c I wanted to try the other cuisines/entres.Bacon - 2 servings - come on now ... who doesn't love bacon?  The bacon was cooked border-line between crispy yet still tender--that's perfect for me.  My dream is to consume a plate load of bacon, but in order save some prime stomach real estate ... I didn't.Turkey - 1 serving - was really delicious ... tasty, moist, and tender.  I hate turkey that is dry.  Put some raspberry jam on both slices and I was in heaven.  Breakfast sausages - 1 serving (2 sausages) - Oooohh ooohhh ... can you see my O-face?  Yes, it was delicious.  Plus, like bacon, who doesn't love a good sausage for breakfast ... or lunch ... or even dinner.Chicken - 1 serving - I think I can eat chicken for the rest of my life ... and I definately can eat Bellagio chicken for the rest of my life.  Sucked the delicious, tasty meat straight off the bone ... used the bone as a toothpick.I didn't get a chance to eat as much as I would of liked since our group had a reservation @ Smith and Wollensky @ 6pm--we ate @ 1ish.  FYI - ended up not hungry @ Smith and Wollensky and spent $24 for a whole chicken that I barely touched ... made me sad.
5	Come here for dinner...nom nom nom!!  We came on a weekday, so the line was not that big.  The food was great!  They had just about everything you could want!  The prime rib was great and so were the crab legs!  The crab legs are split so it's easy to eat!  Yum yum yum!!  I would definitely come here for dinner again!
5	Bellagio buffet vs. the Wynn buffet?  I had dinner at both places on consecutive days and made it a point to go hungry.  The result: Bellagio by tko.This place has fresh tuna, moist prime rib, desserts with more depth and character, better ice tea, better french sour dough, and a better salad selection.  By short contrast, the Wynn had no tuna, pathetic desserts that tasted oily rather than rich, dry prime rib, nasty rasberry flavored ice tea, and horrible service.Don't waste your money anywhere else.  If you're going to binge on food to plump yourself up, be nice to yourself and eat here instead.  One negative was the crab.  They started slicing the crab legs in half and as a result, they've become freezer burned with an iodine aftertaste.  Now the legs are dry and salty.  Why fuck up a good thing?  It's the same at the Wynn.Tip: Anticipate a line that runs 1/2 to an hour on busier days.  Sometimes longer.  The wait time on my last visit was only 10 minutes so you never know.
3	The first time I came to this buffet was probably in 2002. My parents took me here so all I remember was that I was complaining about standing in what seemed to be a long line. Being it was my first "pricey" buffet I also have memories of stuffing myself silly with crab and shrimp cocktail. Everything was pretty decent. However, now a days I try not to over stuff myself so I'm not sure I would go again for that reason only. I'd probably opt fo the buffets at Mandalay Bay or Paris before this one.
4	So i've had this buffet at least 4-5 times and once for Breakfast and I've NEVER LEFT DISAPPOINTED.This buffet has everything, from Kobe Beef, Lamb Shanks, Sushi, Fried Rice, Crab Legs, Pizza, EVERYTHING!There is different pricing for Friday-Sat than Sun-Thurs, but I believe its about $10 difference. Their breakfast buffet starts at 8am (i think).  The service is very good. The waiters are at your table asap and get you drinks very quickly.  Before I go to this buffet, I do long day of fasting and prepping so that I can fully stuff myself, and everytime I can't seem to eat everything.... I'll try next time
4	Very delicious food and a good variety of it. The service is also very good (they keep the refills coming).The desserts could improve a bit more. The bananas foster was just wrong.Would gladly return to this buffet.
4	Don't come here on a holiday...know why?  The price is ridiculous.  Other than that, I think it's a pretty good buffet.  I especially love that the crab legs that are cut in half and all you have to do is remove the meat! Yum!  There is a great variety of dishes and desserts.  The line to get in can get super long so come early if you can otherwise, prepare to wait.  This is known to be one of the best buffets in Vegas and I can almost agree.
3	This is a very large buffet. While the prices match the Bellagio decor and minimum bets, the food is very mediocre. The service is quick although the line can get large for brunch and dinner. The cold meats and cheeses are sub-par. Breakfast food selection is very good and includes everything from cerial to eggs florantine. I am very partial to the cheese filled blintzes.Always leave some room for desert. They have fruits as well as all kinds of sweet pastries. It is certainly no cruise ship all-you-can eat buffet and is just passable for the price.
4	This is one of the best buffet's we've been to yet here in Las Vegas. we went for a weekday dinner, of course the line was looongg but it was worth it in the end.They had wayyy more selection, including a pretty good sushi station, which i havent even seen in other hotels. japanese, chinese, american, mexican, meats, seafood, fresh fruits and veggies and a huge dessert station, you really cant go wrong. another thing to mention was the crab legs, being asian i loved the crab leg choices they had and the legs were already split in half, no need to get those crab crackers out!definitely come here on an empty stomach and get your money's worth, if you can be sure to come on a weekday and save yourself around $10 compared to the weekends. you will not be disappointed!
3	The Bellagio buffet was not bad. It was actually quite good. A couple of things though spoiled the experience:- The seating area was quite badly designed. I felt like I was in your average American diner, instead of something special. And it was very dirty. There was food at the floor of our table which hadn't been cleaned properly, and the seats felt like they had seen cleaner days. Nothing terrible, but definitely not what I would expect.- The Wynn buffet is right next door ;)
5	I really like buffetts and this one I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOVED. Most buffets will churn out standard variations of dishes and serve them. This place, completely the opposite. They had tons of weird sounding ethnic dishes. They had pasta dishes, seafood dishes, chinese dishes, italian dishes, etc. You'd have a real hard time sampling everything the buffet has to offer (I couldn't do it)On top of the massive amounts of food, they also have a bread bar with dozens of different kinds of bread as well as their dessert bar which was tons and tons of chocolate, cakes, and other assorted stuff you'd feel guilty about eating. The line for this place is always LOOOOOONG. I had to wait about 45 minutes and it was around 7:30pm when I got there. It's about $30 which is totally worth it considering the kind of food/desserts you get. Normal drinks are included although I'm not sure if alcoholic drinks are included. Servers here are pretty top notch and get in you and out pretty quick. If you're in Vegas, stop by the Bellagio for the fountain show and then come in to the buffet for some real good eating.
5	Hubby was a little testy once he saw the Friday night line but agreed that it was totally worth it. The selection was huge and everything tasted good.  The prime rib was delicious but look for the stuffed puff pastry station. (I'm sure there is a fancy name for it, but I don't remember seeing it.)  They sauted small pieces of shrimp, peppers and mushrooms in a pesto sauce.  Now that was good.....
4	My friend and I came for the Champagne Brunch this past weekend and had a great time. There were about 50 people in line when we arrived but the line seemed to be moving. Luckily there were 2 spots at the bar open so we were able to skip the line and move right in! After all, we were there 50% for the food and 50% for the champagne. Even though we were at the bar we received excellent service! The two bartenders were sure to keep our mimosas full! There was a wide variety to choose from on the buffet and I enjoyed everything I tried. As nice as you can make a buffet, a buffet will always be a buffet. But the Bellagio does a great buffet. I only take off a star because there was no crab legs like I heard there was! They did have a sushi bar tho!
2	So disappointing.  Maybe it's because I came for brunch.I go to Vegas often and I remember the Bellagio buffet being one of the best on the strip.  Perhaps its been too long since I've eaten there. I went there for the Champagne brunch this past Sunday and it was crap.  There was nothing special.  It was just the usual cocktail shrimp, so-so sushi rolls, and regular buffet food.  No crab legs.  No "special" dishes.  It was all omelets, salad, pasta, pizza.  I might as well have eaten at the Circus Circus buffet or Sizzler.Keep in mind, I like food and am highly critical.  When I hear "Bellagio", I think fabulous.  Their buffet did not deliver.The Bellagio is a beautiful hotel and its such a shame that their food quality has gone down so low.  While I definitely appreciate the server making sure that my Champagne glass was always full, the food left much to be desired.
4	This is the 2nd time I've been to this buffet and while I remember the dinner price being $50, I was pleasantly surprised to see a different price tag of $28.  I guess in this economy, they want to remain competitive and made their price take a nosedive.  That's fine by me.It sucks that even if you get in line at 3:45 hoping to get the lunch price but the dinner menu, even if by the time you get up to the cashier at 4:01 and beg for the lunch price and plead that you were in line, they won't give it to you.  Trust me, that's what my friend did and we paid for the dinner price.Typical buffet with various stations offering various cuisines and dishes.  Difference is the quality of food is noticeably better at places like the Bellagio or the Wynn.  I was starving and went straight for the carving station.  I had the guy cut me 2 slices of the prime rib and a slice of the leg of lamb, then got some asparagus and potatoes, then loaded up plate #2 with a couple of pastas and some pizza.  I really like the food here and while I haven't been to a whole lot of buffets in Vegas, this is definitely one of my favorites.  Especially now with the more affordable dinner price.When all was said and done, I had made about 4 trips and finished off maybe 7 plates of food (not entirely full).  I was thinking about having a little bit of fruit before attacking the dessert station, but that didn't.  I think my favorite dessert was this chocolate mousse with hazelnuts.  I have a picture of it but I'm on my laptop and the pictures are on my desktop at home. FMLI'd say the only significant disappointment were the king crab legs.  They were previously frozen and tasted like ice.
4	I just returned from my 4th Vegas trip 6 hours ago.  In Vegas, buffets are a must and sure bet.  At the Bellagio buffet, I would have to say that the peeled jumbo shrimp was a highlight for me as well as the smoked salmon.  This buffet is one of the more pricey ones ($20-$40 depending on when you go) but definitely worth it.  Definitely get there early since the lines will be long.
2	The buffet was a huge disappointment. Many things were inedible. The chicken was too dry and the pasta too soggy. The only redeeming point is the seafood. The giant shrimp and king crab legs were phenomenal. The best thing to do is go in during lunch time when it is cheaper (paid around $20) and just stay till dinner when the better things come out.
3	I was actually really disappointed. I thought this one would be better. Not that much selection, not that great of food.
5	ONLY HAD BREAKFAST HERE... but it was the best breakfast buffet in las vegas! most places have the same thing but they had this scrambled eggs w/ grits that was to die for!cant wait to try the dinner!
3	this buffet has alittle bit of everything from across the world. good place to experience the taste of the world. bit pricey and you want to get there early for dinner. line gets pretty damn long. I'm not too big on buffets just bc I just don't feel like I get my money's worth but I will say this buffet is worth the experience.
5	Buffets are really hard to judge. One day, it could be great another day, it could just be okay or even bad and I really think it could be just the times you go. Ths is my first time eating at the Bellagio buffet and even though it cost more than other buffets I usually eat at, I give it five stars. Their selections were great and have foods I haven't seen at other buffets or tasted such as a made to order creamy seafood sauce with veggies to your liking poured inside a puff pastry bowl (I don't remember the actual name but it starts with Vul). I usually go to the buffets for King crab legs, however, this time, the prime rib and the creamy seafood pastry entree are definitely the stars.Their desserts are beautifully prepared and very tasty. By the time dessert comes, I always want to eat more but my belly told me stop.Everything I tried was just yummy and I am definitely coming back for more.
4	I am getting too old for buffets, the tummy isn't expanding as much as it used to.  For $35 per person, I made myself eat $35 worth of buffet.  And I paid for it later as i rolled out of there.Try to get there before peak dinner time, otherwise it's like waiting for Space Mountain at Disney - huge line.  We got there at like 6:30pm with virtually zero wait time.  This buffet is huge!  So many different stations - Asian, Italian, Mexican, American, etc etc.  And they had like 3 different kinds of crab legs!  It was endless!  My favorite though were the dessert tables in the center of the room, I grabbed as many chocolate covered strawberries as I could.  Unfortunately that was one dish they didn't refill as quickly as the others :(Oh, our waiter was super nice and very attentive.  I've never been to a buffet with such an awesome waiter before, we gave him a good tip, he deserved it.Minus one star because even though it's in the Bellagio, it's still a buffet.  As fancy as they try to make it, it's still gross when you see the lady in front of you take her finger and wipe the sauce on her plate with it, then lick her finger, then proceed to grab the very pair of tongs you were just about to grab to get a piece of steak.  Ew.
4	Sunday Brunch was $25 I believe. We waited in line for close to an hour and we had arrived there around 1PM. If you are going to do a buffet, this is clearly the one to do. Highlights: Pizza (pesto shrimp, BBQ chicken), Fruit (melons, pineapple), and Breakfast (french toast, pancakes, waffles). For all the raving I heard about the prime rib, I was let down a bit. I think it's more the idea that you can eat as much prime rib as you like that gets people excited. I actually found the hand carved leg of lamb to be superior. The pesto mashed potatoes were a crowd favorite. Disappointments: The desserts. Anytime you give me unlimited bread pudding (with toppings), I will be a fan, but I was unhappy with the overall selection of desserts. Needs to be more variety, not just rich cake-like treats that are heavily frosted. I enjoyed the experience enough to help myself to 8 plates of food in total, but there is a little more hype than warranted. It is likely the best buffet on the Strip and I easily consumed twice what I paid for, plus it's in the Bellagio, can't go wrong.
4	It's almost impossible to truly give a review of a buffet, I mean they change daily right? But here's my experience.My friends and I debated for awhile which buffet to hit up during our stay in Vegas, and Bellagio was our final choice. A long line and a $35 per person cost, and we were in. The selection seemed huge, and since I spent $35 I wanted to have $35 worth of food at least.The food was great, and I couldn't be more happy with what I got. You have so many options as to what to get, with so many different stations. The main dinner stuff was great, but I think I made my fair share of stops at the dessert station. Creme brulee, chocolate covered strawberries, and fruit tarts? I was loooving every second.The only complaint I have is that our waiter was kind of slow with our drink orders. The one thing he had to do, reallllly.
5	I've done all the big buffets (except the Sterling Brunch) and I have come to the conclusion that Bellagio is my favorite. It isn't the best in terms of service and the lines can be painfully long on weekends, but no other buffet in Las Vegas even tries to offer what they do. I do prefer the weekend "gourmet" buffet to the regular, but their brunches are pretty good as well. The gourmet buffet offers dishes such as steak tartare, Kobe style beef, beef wellington, etc.  Also, the brunch has fresh juices and some Asian style breakfast items. Nothing cures a hangover quite like boiled rice.Wynn has a small advantage in terms of quality. Rio Seafood has better service. Mandalay Bay is the cheapest of the high end buffets. However, overall my favorite after several meals is still the Bellagio.
2	The buffet was a disappointment. And i Usually have low expectations for buffets anyways.For a girl who can eat, i found a whole section of food that was literally uneatable. The food not only LOOKED unappetizing, it also tasted that way. The somewhat redeeming quality for the buffet was that the desserts were pretty decent and the rack of lamb was decent. Otherwise, the change between meals were SLOW, and the food was generally sub par. If i paid more than 20 dollars, I would have found it to be completely unreasonable. The buffet at Wynn is better.
5	Best buffett in LV hands down. If you're in LV you have to do the buffett. It's just under $40 for dinner but it's worth it. I had all kinds of different meats and seafood. The gf had crab legs and shrimp like always. The desserts were amazing. I was so full I couldn't really move. The fruit section could have been a little better but I was there near closing time. The service is really good. What else do you expect from The Bellagio. Don't be cheap, go here.
4	Best Buffet I've been to in Vegas so far, but that's not really saying much seeing that I've only been to a couple.  They have some pretty solid dishes, price wasn't too bad $40 but let me say one thing KOBE BEEF / Crab legs were amazing, sushi selection kind of sucked, and the desert/fruits were nice and fresh, with that being said well worth the 40 dollars spent.
3	The buffet at Bellagio was better as a kid.I recently visited again, a few years later, and thought "that's all they have?" And also I guess because we went for brunch, the omelet kitchen was close and so were some stations. I did not think it deserved the 25 per person we paid for, but maybe dinner would be better.But the all you can eat crab legs, jumbo shrimp cocktail, and sushi were great!
2	After a morning of TAO BEACH mayhem, my friends and I headed over to the Bellagio Buffet figuring their food was going to be as great as their water show - WRONG. We went during a transition period, scoring the selection of a late lunch and early dinner for the price of lunch, also upgraded to the endless glass of champagne. DISAPPOINTMENT all around...where to begin? - champagne was just brut wine......domestic stuff....I know, I know, I should have known better considering the price. - decor/lighting was dark and very generic/Hometown Buffet. I kind of expected them to carry out the Bellagio theme throughout the ENTIRE hotel...how silly of me to assume such things- poor transition from lunch to dinner. There were times where stations were empty...that would never happen at the Wynn-salmon was doused in a bbq sauce! Fish is delicate, why on earth would you drench it in bbq sauces?!?!?!Things that saved the meal from being a complete waste of money: * dessert array - not to say that it was good, but at least they have a wide selection * sushi - stay away from the nigiri pieces, it just doesn't look right, however the seaweed salad was good as was the poke selection * frisee/spinach salad with walnuts & cranberries * mac & cheese w/ bread crumbs - perfect size & tasteAtmosphere: terriblePrice: you get what you pay for Overall: Don't count on me to comeback, shell out the extra $10 and go eat at the Wynn - your stomach and taste buds will thank you.
5	Once you've eaten here, you really don't want to go to any other buffets. No, I'm not exaggerating either. I'm being completely honest & serious. This place is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! I came here 2 months ago and WOW, all of the food was delicious & not to mention the desserts.. YUMMY! I seriously cannot wait to go back to Vegas to eat here again! HAHA.
5	I was all over the king crab legs, the salad bar, and the cheese platter.the food doesnt like knock you out because its so amazing, but for buffet food its the best.  i discovered that if you go around 3:30, you will have a selection of both lunch and dinner for the lunch price.I have eaten here a few times and have never been dissappointed.
3	Not a huge fan of buffets so not really sure why I came... the wait to get in was ridiculous as usual (40 min?) on a Sat morning. This is probably one of the better buffets in Vegas and definitely decently priced (Wynn is $35, this is $25) although the selection isn't as large.
4	I'm converted. I used to loathe buffets but I now see the light.  KOBE sirloin steak from Japan (yes, it's true. I asked)Rack of LambKing crab legsAhi Tuna and Salmon PokiPaella (you know how I love thee)Eggplant pasta w/ truffle sauceLarge shrimp cocktailMussels in white wine brothMountains of desserts (creme brulee, cheesecake, strawberry tart, red velvet cake...etc)Oh, I am a fan.
4	Came here for Sunday brunch at about noon.  What a spread! Typical breakfast foods were out (french toast, waffles, cereal, oatmeal, eggs made to order, etc) as well as heartier lunch foods, Asians dishes and even sushi.  Food was of a high quality and the ingredients all looked and tasted fresh.  Service was quick and my glass of orange juice remained topped off the entire time.Not cheap at $25 ($30 with champagne), but pretty good...especially considering that it was both our breakfast and lunch.
3	I would give this place three and a half stars, but I think the four star review is inflated, so here's my three stars.The Sunday champagne brunch was comparable to the Wynn dinner I had over a year ago, the Spice Market dinner (also over a year ago), and the Mirage lunch I had two days before. There is nothing here to piss yourself over. It is more expensive than the Mirage lunch buffet, and there isn't as much variety as one would have hoped for. Shrimp cocktail = also at the Mirage lunch buffet.Prime rib = also at the Mirage lunch buffet, and about the same, if not worse.Chilean sea bass = eh.I just don't see what the big deal is. The unlimited champagne, which you pay an extra $5 for, is the only difference. They are not lazy about refilling the champagne, and our server was really attentive and nice. She even filled us up one last time before we left, so we walked out with a full champagne flute on our way to gamble.If the other buffets offered a champagne brunch, I'd be so there. What a disappointment. I will never come here again.
4	What a great buffet this is I have not tried the Wynn one yet so no comment yet.  But everything in this buffet is so top quality.  The crab legs, salmon sashimi, smoked salmon, creme brulee, and of course the seafood pastry station is the best.
2	I wish I could say that i "enjoyed" a Sunday brunch buffet at the Bellagio, but am forced to say that the experience was far from it. Let me start out by saying that I am giving this place two stars because I was able to eat crab legs for the lunch price (i think we came during the food rotations). The brunch foods, such as pancakes, waffles, honey-glazed bacon, and other items were dissapointing. It seriously just fills you up..nothing more. We were fortunate enough to eat the crab legs..but unlike what all the previous reviews stated, I thought these crab legs were HORRID. They were terribly salty..either someone in the kitchen spilled a jar of salt in the water or an overworked employee was sweating all over this mess. By far the worst king crab legs I have ever eaten..which is quite enough for me to never venture inside of this buffet again. I'd rather go to the Wynn or Rio.
4	Favorite!
2	I realize I'm going against the grain on this.... but this place is OVERRATED.  Big time.  The selection was fairly small and actual food didn't taste fresh or interesting (crab legs were a weird temperature and the creme brulee was curdled).  I know it's a buffet and all, but that's no excuse given the price.We were there on a Saturday night and it was packed (with about a 30 minute wait to be seated).  Service was very mediocre.  Given the service and quality-oriented mindset of the rest of the Bellagio, this was a huge disappointment.  I mean bigger than Big Elvis at Bill's.And let's just say that eating here relegated me to the confines of our unventilated Mandalay Bay bathroom and ruined my Saturday night party plans.  Never going back.
4	Buffets can always be overwhelming since its all you can eat and theres a variety of choices. I've only been to this one for dinner so I can't comment on their lunch options.  The dinner has kobe beef, prime rib, duck, paella as some of your options along with salad and sushi. Theres a lot to choose from so you should be able to find something you like. There can be a long line for dinner so be prepared. My friends and I think its worth the $38.
3	Do not go on a SUNDAY if you're in a hurry. We waited in line forever and when you think you're at the front of the line you're not. Not at all. It wraps around and starts again. It is also way overrated.The food is awesome though. You can pretty much eat anything you want here, and they have it. We stuffed ourselves silly.
4	I have never had any bad food from this buffet (2 visits separated by a year), and you have to be impossible to please to find something you don't like.  Some of the desserts could use a little more flavor, but the bananas foster has enough flavor that you feel like you should be drunk after eating it.The sushi was good, not excellent, but I tried poke for the first time here as well (not a huge fan, but glad it was there to try)  Good quality food on a buffet scale is difficult to pull off, but they do it here.
4	I had lunch at the buffet and it was by far the best buffet I've had in Vegas to date (I've travelled here quite often). The choices at lunch time are a bit overwhelming as they had full breakfast choices with omlette station, sushi bar, meat carving station, pastas, deserts, and the list goes on and on. My only dissappointment was that I could not eat more.  Best $20 buffet/variety you can have on the Strip.
3	wow this place is overly hyped. i still love the food here but in no way is it as good as the bayside buffet at mandalay bay or the one at the mirage.
4	prime rib, sea bass, cocktail shrimp, and key lime pie mmmmm...
1	HORRIBLE.I had high hopes for this place because of what I have been hearing so I decided to try this place with my family.  The food looked appetizing, but don't be deceived, it was horrible.  Many of the food there was either dry, hard, or tasted weird.  The server was very nice and gave us quick service so I give this place a one star.  Other than that, stay away from this place!
4	Prepare to wait in line on the weekends!!!We came here for Sunday brunch.  Maybe it was our fault for waking up late after the clubs,  but we started waiting in line shortly after noon.  We weren't seated until almost 1:30 PM.   It wraps a few times, so we took turns waiting in line while the others went and gambled.  Needless to say, we wasted no time getting food. The price is reasonable at $25.  The food is good,  but not like OMG.  There is a massive amount of selection ranging from sushi rolls, pizza, prime rib, lamb, fish, breakfast items, asian,  and lots more goodies.   The dessert selection was good.  I ate chocolate covered strawberries and flan.  Both were outstanding.  It is alot of food.  I would say the Wynn buffet is better though.
5	My sister had read on Yelp about this buffet and since we're buffet lovers, we decided to give it a try. As we were walking toward the entrance, we noticed the line was freaking long!!! I thought the wait was going to be about 2 hours or so but to my surprise, we didn't wait no more than 30-45 minutes. The price was reasonable, I suppose for being Vegas. $23 for lunch and an extra $5 for unlimited mimosas!!! Kids under 5 were free I think; we didn't have to pay for my 3 yr old son. The spread was amazing!!!! I couldn't decide where to start. I was disappointed with the sushi bar though. Not much selection but that's ok. I didn't expect sushi anyways. The meat station was unbelievable!  I had 3 servings of their Marinated flank steak, rib eye, Chicken Wellington  and shrimp.They were fresh and always hot! Their omlette station was good also. My sister tried the egg benedit and liked it. The homemade Lobster Ravoli was also delish! Love their breakfast bar. The best was the dessert!!!!  So many selections! I tried everything.....chocolate cake, lemon cake, peanut butter brownie, Bananas Foster, Chocolate Mousse and  Raspberry Chocolate Mousse, hazelnut cake,  and so on.Our waitress was the greatest! She was by far the most attentive waitress we've ever had and she seems like she loves her job. I would definitely visit this buffet whenever I'm in town!
3	Prime rib roast.  Chateau Briand. Beef Wellington.  What meat dish don't they have? What meat dish do they have that they don't just render completely tasteless.  It wasn't a complete loss, the Wellington wasn't half bad, but for all of the meat they can throw at you, and how wonderful it all looked, I just wish it had better flavor.
5	Went back for the gourmet weekend dinner. Friggin amazing. Seriously. A sampling of the incredible food:crab legs - served cold cut in half so we didn't have to crack them (that alone made me boost this to five stars)ostrich (so good)elk ribeyeyummy strange pretzel rollssteak tartarevarious sashimilots of really yummy grilled veggies with perfect seasoningmany kinds of lambhand rollsbread pudding mushroom & truffle raviolilobster ravioliI didn't like was the beef wellington, and the tuna tartare was a little bland. Cheesecake was disappointing.
3	3.5 stars.  I'm deeply disappointed by this place.  I was looking forward to having a nice Saturday Champagne brunch.  The price was definitely enticing..only $28 something including Champagne.  I thought of how much fun I had at the Bally's Steakhouse buffet and wanted to try another "high end Strip buffet".  The Bellagio came highly recommended but fell far short.  Nice hotel and five diamond reputation don't equate to kickass brunches.  Not a lot of value for money.To be fair, food quality is definitely good.  Prime rib was the best of all the places I ate at in Vegas, juicy and perfectly medium rare (at last it appears someone in Vegas knows how to operate a meat thermometer).  Good breakfast foods, especially the bacon.  Downside...lots of filler material.  Crappy looking sushi.  Smoked salmon had the grey bloodlines trimmed off which is a nice touch (shows a bit of refinement).  Shrimp cocktail was bigger than most places.The waiting line is like Disneyland..it takes a deceptively long time to be seated so don't wait until you're famished and make sure you're not gonna puke from being hung over.  My biggest gripe is that for a hotel like Bellagio that makes so much damn money off us stupid tourists...why are there no crab legs, lobster tails, or oysters on the Saturday brunch?  I'd expect that from a a place this opulent.  And the Champagne is a sham.  The $5 extra charge is not worth it.  They're pouring Frexinet Cava from Spain, yup at a whopping $6 a bottle retail, the house beat you even if you tank the entire bottle.  At least pour Domaine Chandon...come on!The sevice wasn't particularly good.  I think AAA or Mobil's secret shoppers forgot to hit the buffet when they were rating this hotel.
5	I don't think there is a better buffet out there. Great place for breakfast and than don't worry about eating again. I like to catch alittle of the African fish over by the Asian food and fish up with a excellent Eggs Benedict. Wash it all down with some of the best Iced Tea I have ever tasted.
2	I was urged by a friend of mine to hit this buffet, as I had missed it on my Vegas trip last year. We went on a Sat night where it was supposed to be "gourmet" night with more selections. It was a pricey buffet, at $77 for both of us. The line was insane. It wrapped around most of the casino. What was horrible about it, was that the buffet on a SAT night, in Las Vegas, closes @10pm. We waited (along with about 100 people behind us) for over an hour to get to the cashier to pay. By that time, it was 9:40pm. I was sure my info was incorrect and the staff would tell me they were open to at least 11. I asked the cashier and she said "No we close @10". I said, you are telling me, that I have 20 minutes to inhale my food for $77??" She said the buffet closes at 10, but they dont put the food away till 10:30, so run around like a nut doing supermarket sweep and fill as many dishes as possible and sit and eat at your table.. I was going to leave, but then I thought I wasted SO MUCH TIME waiting to eat here, and in thinking of my fellow yelpers, I wanted to add my honest review to this site, so I stayed. I also told the staff that they need to have a staff member block off the line, or have a sign there that says "No entry after this point", or no entry after 9pm, because all those poor people behind us, who also waited 11/2 to 2 hours to eat would be kicked off the line when it closed @10. Not nice to have people there wasting their time in Vegas when there are 1000000000 other places they could be eating.The food was not impressive. They had awful, runny,  split crab legs, sub-par sushi, very tough meat (I had a few different piece of lamb), God awful Chilean sea bass, which is one of my fav dishes, so that was even more disappointing, I also tried the elk and ostrich because it was there. But it was too gamey for me. The lobster ravioli was good, as were the hand rolls. But certainly not worth the wait or the price. You can get the crab legs in almost every other buffet in Vegas. We were also SO SICK after we finished eating! The food went right through us both. We joked about having a $77 laxative. Mirage buffet stood out- it had many different sections and offerings. AND- if you LOVE seafood, do yourself a favor and hit the Rio seafood buffet. (There's a free shuttle from the Paris hotel.)  That buffet is in a class by itself. Please see my review. I would not return or recommend the Bellagio buffet. I guess if this was the only buffet you hit in Vegas, you might be impressed. Having been here on vacation before in LV, I have seen way nicer spreads for less $. On an upnote, the hotel itself is gorgeous, and def worth a look in the flower conservatory or see the world's largest chocolate fountain. Good gelato and desserts there.************UPDATE**********I was so annoyed by my buffet experience that I sent part of this review to Bellagio, hoping they would re vamp their line set up, as to not leave customers out in the lurch with no dinner or food they had to pay $77 for and then scarf down because they close at 10pm. Shockingly to me- the manager called me (now that Im back in Nyc) and offered to comp me 2 tickets to eat there again (which I quickly told him I never would- even for free), or get a refund. So I told him to refund our credit card, and they complied. I was very appreciative of this gesture, but I honestly hope they #1 Improve the food there, and #2 Fix the line set up.
3	it was the night after the buffet at wynn..didn't expect too much, you know, all buffets at vegas are nearly the same. maybe just different in quality and varieties. Food: 3.5vol au vent was great! it has it's own station, and you can add watever seafood, veggies you want. something a little different. sushi station: was watevers - but y go there for sushi? prime rib: no good..or not too good. very very raw and chewydessert: seemed like there were lotsa stuff to choose from, but from presentation to taste, it's "ehh." and that soft serve ice cream machine that looks the same as hometown buffet was a big big joke. soft serve ice cream with vanilla, chocolate flavors, and swirl in the middle? other food seemed interesting, but the taste was just hmm..not too good. Price: $28service: so-so, do u really get serve at a buffet?value: hmm..worth it, but probably won't go back.
3	Meh, I was expecting more from this place as it is at the Bellagio and they have sushi.  But overall, I don't think I'd come back.  It's not a bad buffet at all, but I rather have the one at Paris Paris.The food is fresh and there is a lot of variety, but there is nothing here that has that wow factor.
3	We ate here our first day in Vegas. Since we were starving and the buffet was just downstairs, we decided to try it out. The food was good, not great for the price. There wasn't as much as variety as I was expecting. Though the hotel itself is wonderful, there are better places to eat. If you want a buffet worth the price try Planet Hollywood.
3	Everyone kept telling me how good Bellagio Buffet is so I wanted to try it out.  I left the hotel and I was even asking the taxi cab driver and he said it was good so I was excited to see what's up.  Me and my friends were starving, and it was about 3PM and I haven't ate since the day before around 6pm. We waited in line for about 30 mins and it only cost us $25.00 each for the buffet which aint bad at all and finally I was ready to attack and get my grub on. LoL i was soo hungry i was putting food on my plate and eating it while walking around looking for other food.  I tried there Prime Rib and Lamb, both were ok, but prime rib was a lil bit too red, but I still ate it.  I pretty much tried everything, and everything was good, but not great.  The all you can eat shrimp was bomb though, cause i ate like 15 shrimps.. I was looking forward to the crab legs but that was dinner time. Anyways my experience was ok, i would go back but I would rather try other places to see wassup.  Next is the Wynn buffet!!!Enjoy!
5	Hella good!  $20 lunch for gourmet food.  Fountain drinks are included.  Great vegetarian options all over the place.  Going to leave it short, because this place rocks and you need to eat here during your Vegas stay.  Dig in!
4	While I'm a big fan of the Bellagio Buffet, I feel like the quality of food may not be as high as it was one of two years ago.  First off, they didn't have chocolate covered strawberries when I was there for dinner.  They also used to have a really great chocolate cake with a crunchy bottom which they no longer have anymore.  They also used to have great thin long breadsticks, but I didn't see them in my last visit.  I noticed the addition of pretzel rolls which were great.  The vol au vent station is new from the last time that I visited (a few years ago?), but it takes a long time to get the dish made because the cook was only making one at a time.  Maybe I was all buffeted out by the time I hit the Bellagio Buffet, but I remember being more impressed by it in previous visits.  Of course it still ranks heads above a lot of the Vegas buffets out there.
4	***This is for the Champagne Brunch***I've been to the Bellagio Buffet plenty times for dinner but never came for brunch until recently.  The bf and I went at the wrong time (noon basically) and it was so packed.  We waited a good while but I tried to keep telling myself it's worth it and it was.  The champagne with the brunch was a little over 30 bucks each which wasn't so bad.  Champagne wasn't that great but it was bottomless.  I recommend asking for orange juice to make a mimosa out of your champagne otherwise it's not so great by itself.  On to the food...THREE WORDS...honey baked bacon...when you go to vegas you don't go on a diet and well...this was total gluttony but pretty good.  Other magical items:Prime Rib--juicy and great with the creamy horseradishCreamy Polenta--I'm a sucker for polenta and this was very good...creamy cheesy goodnessBlue Cheese Pasta--this is an amazing dish if you love cheese.  Rich and awesomeBaked Halibut--amazingly tasted like butter. There's so much more I tried but those were the winners for me.  I must admit there's better things for dinner here but brunch wasn't so bad.  I ate a full three plates of those goodies and didn't eat for the rest of the day.  Awesome :) OH...P.S.  desserts were pretty good but couldn't have any since I was so stuffed!
5	Hot damn, how have I not written a review for this yet?  The Bellagio buffet is half the reason I come to Vegas (okay, so maybe like 10%, but that's only because booze takes the majority).  It's not *too* expensive (about $35 for the champagne brunch) and TOTALLY WORTH IT.  Mr. Bellagio has no qualms with keeping your mimosa filled to the brim.  In fact, you might have a hard time convincing them to put in more OJ, or cranberry juice, or whatever diluent of your choice.So that is great.  The bubbly doesn't stop, and they don't even grumble when you're falling out of your chair and hollering about how awesome our waitress is and seeing if we can take her home with us.  The vast majority of the food is pretty damn delicious, considering it's a buffet.  They have this RIDICULOUS bacon that's sliced off in 1/4" pieces and placed lovingly on your plate.  Next to that goes the all you can eat shrimp, which I failingly try to separate from the mass amounts of syrup covering my french toast.  The eggs benedict gets its own plate.  And every once in awhile, I'll throw on some fruit for good measure.Oh, and the coffee is delicious.IT IS ALL DELICIOUS.  I don't know why I always forget to bring gallon ziplocks with me.  Stupid, stupid Robin.
5	Alrighty.  Here goes...I am a Red Bull addict.  Like, going on 5 years now.Studying for the CPA (repeatedly) did that to me.  But, where ELSE would you need it more than Vegas?!  So, that's why I had absolutely NO qualms about ordering a Red Bull at the Bellagio Buffet.  No shame.  Most memorable part?It was $8.  Sans vodka. But well, well worth it.  Before ordering it, I was ready to knock out at the table.  We waited a good 45 min in line for dinner on a Saturday.  (Get in line early, people!)  So, I was pretty tired by the time we were actually seated.  But, you need alot of energy to walk around and admire all the food choices they have here! For around $40, you're treated to a feast full of:+Salads+Exotic Cheeses+Sushi (sashimi even!)+Fancy pizzas (pesto and shrimp;goat cheese and tomato)+Shrimp cocktail and crab legs+Pasta galore!+Bao, Singapore Noodles, Orange Chicken+Kobe beef+ELK and OSTRICH, what?+Duck, grilled chicken+Interesting potato+Every dessert imaginable (holler for that macaroon!)I mean, can't you see why you'd need some sort of caffeine?   Hellllllo, food coma.  The saddest part is that I'm sure we would've lingered around longer...had we not been so interested in partaking in free drinks at the club.  Ahhhhhh, the beauty of free loading!
4	Best breakfast buffet in Vegas!
5	Ok this place is amazing and is one of the best buffets I have ever gone to. We went at 3:45 and dinner starts at 4:00, so we basically paid lunch prices for dinner. They had Kobe beef roast, pesto mashed potatoes, roasted Mediterranean veggies and a variety of other wonderful items. We didn't have to wait long for a table, our drinks were filled constantly and I like that they serve you on the buffet (prevents random crap from getting into the food and is MUCH more sanitary). Great upscale selection, amazing food and price is on par with the other buffets.
4	I really enjoyed eating at this buffet. It has a very upscale feel to it. Lots of good choices to choose from. Desserts aren't too shabby either. I'll come back here soon.
3	I remember going there a couple of years back and being BLOWN AWAY by the food here. We're talking transcendent, metaphysical, God-spake-from-the-cloudtops kind of experience.I was just there for brunch last weekend and it was more like a Presbyterian service. Nice, but the heavens didn't exactly open up.
5	Excellent buffet! We went here at 2:30pm, so we were able to pay for lunch prices for dinner. Their meat selection were excellent. The kobe beef roast was delicious. There were long lines at the meat table, but we didn't have to wait too long. The services were excellent. Our drinks were filled constantly. It is definitely worth going again. I actually went to the buffet at Wynn the next day, and I have to say, the buffet at Bellagio is definitely a lot better.
3	Meh...nothing special.  Brunch price was about 23.95 and 28.95 if you wanted unlimited mimosas.  I thought the food was eh... I didn't really eat too much to be honest b/c I was so dehydrated!  They had all the usual breakfast foods.  Friends enjoyed the pesto mashed potatoes..I thought it tasted kinda different... I only enjoyed the penne pasta with marinara...the most simple thing on there to eat, but that's all I liked.  Didn't try the prime rib but it was very rare so be forewarned if you don't like red meat.  Spicy tuna handroll was ok. Good selection of breads. Fruits weren't too sweet.  And the only part to every meal I look forward to was dessert...and that was a disappointment.  They didn't have creme brulee...just flan...but it tasted bitter. Bread pudding was ok...nothing spectacular.  My man was particularly impressed that they served fresh carrot juice.  Service I must say was excellent.  Oh...and one more thing... if you have a party of 8 or more, they automatically charged you an 18% gratuity.  That in itself blows.  Especially for a buffet.  Yeah yeah..it's Vegas... still.  Bogus.I think I'm just too darn picky of an eater though...so don't take my review too much at heart.  :)
4	I tried the buffet at the Wynn first before the Bellagio.  The buffet here is definitely a GREAT buffet if you compare it to other restaurants across America...but this time we're comparing it to Vegas standards.  I think the buffet at Wynn is a lot better and it has a much better ambiance than Bellagio.  Since I gave Wynn 5 stars then I have to give Bellagio 4 stars.  The lunch selection is not that great, you should go during dinner time.  Bellagio needs to invest some money on making the restaurant brighter and maybe even a new facelift.  It just looks so old.  But nonetheless, still a pretty good buffet.
4	Whenever I go to Vegas, I always either stop by the Bellagio Buffet or the Wynn Buffet. Neither of them ever disappoint.Great cuts of meat, cocktail shrimp, and king crab legs. I eat pretty much the same stuff at every buffet in Vegas, but it's the quality that counts. Wynn is the best, but Bellagio is a close second.It's not cheap, but you're in Vegas, splurge a little!
4	I've tried the Wynn Buffet multiple times and a few others in Vegas and thought I had the best in Vegas, until I ate at the Buffet at the Bellagio.  For only about 26 bucks compared to about 36 at Wynn, the Bellagio buffet is so far the best buffet that I've had on the Vegas strip.  There were so many selections and I particularly enjoyed my dish full of fresh berries that I asked the Asian lady by the sushi/fruit counter to make after seeing her prepare a special plate for a Vegas regular.
3	I'm not really much of a buffet person but we all came here for lunch before we left on Monday. Since it was a weekday, it was cheaper than the weekend prices. Only $20 for the lunch buffet. There wasn't a line, so we were able to go in and get seated right away. The waiter immediately took our drink ordered and we got up to get our food. Some of my favorites: scrambled eggs, jook, asparagus, mushrooms, the Korean style kalbi tri-tip, and the smoked salmon. Some of the things I did not like were: lamb, sushi, and the Vietnamese spring roll. Our favorite part of the meal was that we had lined up over 10 desserts and all took a bite out of all of them. YUM! Overall, I had a better experience here than at the Wynn buffet a couple years ago. But again, I'm not much of a buffet person (did you see that one of my favorites was the jook??). Service here was great - the waiter was nice enough to bring me non-dairy creamer for my coffee! Overall, not bad! I'm just glad they didn't penalize us for wasting food!
5	The bf and I headed here for the Champagne Brunch, it is a little pricy, but in my opinion very much worth it. The quality of the food here is definitely not buffet quality, but what you'd expect at an upscale restaurant. I enjoyed the BEST French toast I've ever had along with a variety of other tasty items. My bf was excited to try the sushi bar that opened at noon, and he said it was pretty good. All the while the mimosas kept coming. Great food and good service! A definite must if you've never tried it before!
3	I am not a fan of buffets.  This was better than most but did not live up to the hype.  At $30 for dinner, I expected it to be similar to the Rio seafood buffet and it did not come close.  There was a huge selection of food and it was all tasty but I did not feel I got my money's worth.
2	Food: Pretty blah is my general impression after my second time there (first for lunch, last time for dinner). I would not be coming back either. Meats were all dry. Beef Wellington was a major letdown. Sushi selection was non-existent. Salmon or tuna? I like pizza, so I have nothing bad to say about it, but I rarely say anything bad about pizza, that would be blasphemy. Crab legs were pre-split however they were intensely salty. Shrimp cocktail was probably the best thing. Desserts were good, the best was the creme brulee however that went with the quickness and I couldn't find anymore. Drink: Soda. Numerous refills due to salty crab legs.Service: Quick to clear away plates and refill water/soda.  Ambiance/Crowd: Vegas style. Spacious and tacky. Young people, old gamblers, families, a slice of the world.
4	Hit the Saturday Champagne Brunch this past weekend, with my GF, sister, mom & step dad. Being from the midwest, I was brought up on Brunches. There is an entire system on how, what, and when to eat, as well as how to pace yourself. Definitely a once or twice a year thing unless you want to out weigh the family sedan. I had been to Vegas 10 years ago and was not able to try any of the buffets so hitting one was a must this go around. I did some research and found out that Bally's and Bellagio had the best. I was leaving Saturday night and Bally's only has there "Silver Brunch" on Sunday. The Bellagio's Champagne Brunch is Saturday and Sunday, so choice made. The selection is really good, first buffet where I have seen leg of lamb and hand cut slab bacon, both were must try items. I liked the mini Belgian waffles, allowed you to try them without filling up on them. I ordered a Bloody Mary also, and found it very different, had, what I estimate, to be a chipotle type pepper in it due to the fact that I detected a pleasant smokey flavor on top of the spiciness. Not like any Bloody Mary I have had before. They do lose 1 star, however, due to the fact that I was eagerly anticipating the noon start time for the "sushi bar" to begin (we started eating at about 11). Alas, I waited for naught. It wasn't really a sushi bar. They had California Roll, Vegetable Roll, and Spring Rolls. Though many eat this and call it sushi, it is not. There is no raw fish in these rolls at all. The Cali roll has cooked crab and spring rolls have cooked shrimp no raw fish anywhere, therefore not sushi. I was really looking forward to a skilled sushi chef preparing unagi, uni, yellowtail, spicy tuna, mackerel, etc Despite that I would go back if I was in Vegas again, I just wouldn't get excited about the nonexistent sushi bar.
4	One of the best buffet I've ever had. I've tried Palm, Rio, Paris, and by far Bellagio buffet is the best. We went in 15 minutes before dinner and paid for brunch price. We had our fill of both brunch and dinner selections.The foods are exquisite. From rack of lamb, to beef tartar (raw beef), kobe beef, and the dessert.
3	Came into Vegas late Sunday night, I was very tired and hungry and ready to grub. I went to the Bellagio buffet around 10pm and the line moved quickly. I've eaten here before and I remember it being so good, but not that good this time. it took a long time to walk there from the parking lot. Also, the crab legs were so salty and the meat was covered in ice. The salmon hor d'oeurves were great but that was the only thing. The mini salads were too drenched in dressing. The Mediterranean apps seemed stale. The prime rib was soo salty! The desserts were very plain.
2	This is a pretty blah buffet once you've had the best (Wynn).  The meats are salty and overspiced (swimming in too many sauces). The crab legs are too salty, the salads are kinda gross, and their pastas taste like they're from a can.  Their pizza, however, was pretty darn good. The service is pretty bad here - the servers are so overworked that you barely get any face time with them. They'll leave 3 glasses of coke on your table which is great in terms of saving time on their end, but bad for the diner cuz they get watered down at the 2nd glass. The entire place is LOUD with plates clanking people moving around and servers yelling at each other for help.... skip this place and go to teh Wynn instead.
4	This buffet is right on par with the buffet at Wynn. The upside was I didn't wait nearly as long to get inside at the Bellagio and start grubbing out. I tried mainly the more expensive stuff that I don't eat on a regular basis. The kobe beef was really good. The desert bar had some of my favorites. The sushi was definately worth a try although it wasn't at the level of a high class sushi place in LA for example. I give it 4 stars. I don't think you can beat what you get for $35.
3	I feel like this buffet is losing it's touch.I can remember eating here a few years ago and I thought everything was so great!  The scrambled eggs were the best I'd ever tasted.  The milk, so fresh and cold!  Everything was so so so so good.This time around, everything was still good.  But not the best.I did enjoy that they put out salmon and tuna nigiri's for dinner time.
4	This is probably one of the better buffet's on the strip, but it is kind of pricey.  I love how they have items that you wouldn't normally see, such as kobe beef, ostrich, and elk.  I also liked that they had spicy tuna hand rolls and that the shrimps were already peeled.  Everything was pretty good, I just wish I had a bigger storage space for it in my stomach.  The best way to save some money is to probably come 30minutes to an hour before dinner starts so you only have to pay lunch time prices, then slowly eat and lounge around until dinner starts up.  Then, it is like getting 2 meals for the price of 1.
4	First off, the bellagio buffet is not that expensive if you go for lunch.  But be sure to go like 30 minutes before lunch time is over so you can stay for the dinner menu too.  Best way to get a deal!The food is really rich but still tasty.  It's like any other good buffet.  BUT the selling point, the reason why this place gets a 4-star review is because of.... THE DESSERTS!  SO MUCH VARIETY and SO GOOD!  Ask your server for a cup of their black coffee (also really good!) and it just tops off your meal.The only downer is the wait staff is a bit haughty... but you go to buffets for the food, not the waiter service, so the place still deserves 4 stars
4	It's still all about the bellagio for vegas strip brunch.  Although Hash House a Go Go is worth renting a car and venturing out for.
4	The best brunch in Vegas. The food is diverse (omelets, pizza, roast beef, green curie duck etc.) and VERY reasonably priced (don't let the Bellagio scare you off).   The service is a little slow and you will have to wait to get in, but the line moves fast and is worth the wait.
4	the buffet was quite a feast.  There was crab, kobe beef, sushi, a whole counter of desserts, a large selection of pastas and pizzas, a large variety of meat, including elk, lamb, and even ostrich.  My friends and I were fatties and we sat here playing keno and eating for 4 hours because we wanted to pay for lunch and wait until dinner (where the good stuff comes out).  The staff was wonderful, they refilled our drinks, held conversations, the keno girl was super friendly and helpful and took care of us even though we were playing small and not winning much. (haha) it was a great buffet experience where all my friends got to kick back, eat some great food and be taken care of.I would definitely come back again. I loved this place!
4	Good food. Lots of desserts.  Go around 10:00 am for brunch...they start setting up for lunch at 10:30. If you pace yourself, two meals for the price of one!
4	To review Las Vegas buffets I've broken it down into 4 sections.Appetizers:As with all buffets they have an extensive selection of cold seafood item such as shrimp and crab legs.  They are all good quality with nice selections.  Well laid out and without any unattractive pieces.Salads:The Bellagio does well here as well with a large fresh selection of veggies and very nice quality dressing.Main Entree:This is where the Bellagio shines, even though this is a buffet, you can custom order a number of dishes prepared just for you.  Although I don't quite remember the name, all I can say is that puff pastry filled with that cream chicken was delicious.Desserts:Very good selection as well, but it is middle of the road in terms of quantity and quality.Overall the Bellagio buffet is a place you have to experience once as it is the benchmark for all other buffet comparisons.Decor: 4 Stars (As with the rest of the Bellagio it is well decorated)Service: 5 Stars (friendly staff)Atmosphere: 4 Stars (clean and quiet)Food Quality: 4 Stars (very nice quality)Quantity of Food: 5 Stars (its all you can eat)Price: 4 Stars (almost worth the high price)For a Grand Total of 4 Stars.
3	I have to say that I was really disappointed :(We waited for two hours to get in expecting glorious food. NOT. I really was looking forward to the crab legs, but they were snow crab and really tiny. It was way too much work for nothing. It was kinda messy around the food areas, even with all of the staff "cleaning" up everything. I don't think this is a repeater. Bummer.
4	OK, here's my try at a comparative review of the Bellagio & Wynn dinner buffets - the two highest rated of the Vegas casino buffets (& the priciest). Was lucky to try both during my trip - reading previous reviews, looks like food selection varies slightly daily. My review is based on what I ate - there was alot that I did not try.Price- Bellagio is cheaper ($30) vs Wynn ($35)Interior/Atmosphere- Liked Wynn better - garden decorations, more airy brighter & comfortable, less noisy. Bellagio layout seemed more packed & noisy.Service- Wynn servers were faster & more attentive and efficient (refills, plate  removal, coffee). Food- Crab goes to Bellagio. Wynn only had split King Crab. Bellagio had King Crab & Snow crab. Both served the crab split & cold - straight from the box (Wynn server kept refilling the buffet straight from the box, they could have done this better). Flavor of both about the same, both very fresh tasting. Wynn provided drawn butter - Bellagio did not.Shrimp was tie - great at both places.- Red Meat goes to Wynn. Wynn prime rib was seasoned better - Bellagio tasted like any other buffet. Both offered leg of lamb but was dry. Bellagio offered Kobe sirloin - not memorable. Wynn offered lamb t-bone & osso bucco, both dry.- Sushi goes to Bellagio. Wynn did not offer. Bellagio also offered Steak tartar - was not appealing or tasty.- Salad/Fruit/Cheese/Cold meats - tie. I did not eat any green salads or fruit. Salad layouts looked great - I'd rate them a tie. Wynn had cold meats - very nice. Cheese at Bellagio was very nice (esp for dessert).Desserts goes to Wynn. Preparation of the deserts was better & more variety - loved the mango lychee tapioca. Wynn had more variety & was nicely presented in individual plastic flutes. Coffee was hot at Bellagio, Wynn was warm.In summary- Close Tie based on food alone. After trying both, I'm happy to report that both had very nice buffets & can highly recommend them both. If you are crunched for time & need to pick one, go for Wynn - based on atmosphere & service.
4	for the price of $35+, i'd opt for a fancy schmancy sit down restaurant any day. however, being one of the top rated buffets in vegas, it wad due time to try. we got there pretty late (around 9ish) and ended up staying till 11 (when we were politely asked to leave). a very wide selection of food from crab legs to lamb to swordfish and poke. lots to choose from. the chilled gulf shrimp was very large and very fresh. the crab legs tonight were on the salty side =( i'd have to say the salmon poke was by far the best item. on the dessert side, the macaroons were to die for. the sugar free fruit tart was also notable.all in all a very well rounded buffet. service was prompt and attentive. it wasn't too crowded and the food was always ample. it's good to splurge and eat to your heart's content once in awhile.
4	It really is Sin City... or at least Sloth City - I ate prime rib, shrimp, lamb, and eggs benedict for breakfast.  This buffet is a really great value at $17.   All the dishes are fresh and quality.  I think I ate about 50 of the sweet shrimp while I was still shopping for more food to load on my plate before I even sat down.  Although I'm a fan of the fancy cuts of meat and all that, the eggs benedict and their hollandaise sauce were an unexpected highlight to the meal.  The service is also very fast here as they will give you plenty of coffee, water, and juice to fight the hangover from the night before so you can boot and rally.I have yet to try the Wynn buffet even though I stayed there so maybe next time that will be my comparison.
4	Fancy buffet food.  Crab legs, ahi tuna and salmon sashimi, steak tartare, lamb shanks, beef wellington, kobe beef sirloin, leg of lamb, seafood ceviche, large shrimp cocktail, salmon chowder, prime rib, quail, venison,  ... the the list goes on...We loved this dinner buffet.  It's around $35 per person.  Not cheap, but you get gourmet all you can eat food!The desserts are insane!! We tried as much as we could until we could no longer breathe because we were so full!We ate here on a Sunday night and it was packed.  We had to wait in line for around 20 minutes until we were seated.  We enjoyed the food and may come back again the next time around.Wynn buffett was also good, but we prefer this one!  Definitely a must if you are looking for a quality but pricey buffet.
2	This is specifically for the Champaign Brunch Buffet.  I went last weekend to the Bellagio brunch buffet, and perhaps I was expecting too much.  After all of the phenomenal reviews, I left feeling full, but fairly disappointed.Despite the fact it was very organized and we only waited 15 minutes to get a seat on a Sunday morning, the overall experience was meh.  The infinite amount food, although beautifully presented, was all just mediocre.  There was nothing that I ate that I thought was anything more than just average.  The Champaign was served in a wine glass filled to the brim, and although it tasted decent, we weren't able to actually drink the entire glass before it was warm.  If you're looking for lots of average food, this place is for you.
4	This is by far the best buffet in Vegas. First off, I love the Hotel and walking thru the hallways is just nice. The set up of the Buffett and the waiters and of course the food - outstanding. I loved the mashed potatoes, oatmeal, eggs benedict and the price is ok. Way better than the buffet at the Wynn!!!
4	This was what I expected.  At the better end of Vegas buffet offerings.  Good variety: I had some crab legs, some curry duck, some pasta, some fish, some sushi, some kobe steak, and some flam for dessert.  I'm sure I had other stuff, but I understandably do not remember it all :)  The food was mostly on target--nothing was soggy or gross.  But buffets are buffets, so don't expect bursting flavor or delicate textures.  I did NOT appreciate the Kobe, which was really as tough as leather.  I've never had GOOD Kobe, but I'm pretty sure that's not how Kobe is supposed to be, judging by what I see on the Travel Channel.  Granted, this is Kobe at a $30 buffet, so *shrug*.  I'm also giving an extra star for the wonderful service we got from our server, EZ.  She was sweet and funny, and very attentive.  Go Bellagio for having a great buffet and a hotel that does NOT smell funny.
4	This is my only buffet to ever get a rating above 3 stars. That's saying something because all I usually ask from buffets is that you leave full. Mediocre food? That's usually a given. Well, guess what? This food was actually pretty good. Even had a extreme surprise in store for me.I dug their pasta and Italian kind food. I may have over did it with the mozzarella balls. The meats were on average for a buffet. Their dessert selection was mind boggling!The best and most surprising thing here is their strawberry tart (see my pictures). Super sweet strawberry's on a crushed almond cookie with a sort of custard inside with pistachio crumbles. All drizzled with sweet syrup on top. Holy Cow! This rates as one of the best desserts that I have EVER eaten! I think I ate about 3-4 of these AFTER eating the buffet! I want more right now! They could probably market it as a stand alone dessert product! Blew my mind!I am definitely going back to this one.
4	The dessert case will bring you to your knees in reverence for the hallowed pastry chefs of Las Vegas.The bacon is a little rubbery in texture. But I would quit my job to travel to the sprawling pastures (read: feedlots) where the prime rib is raised. Mmm. Prime rib.
1	For a $36/person meal, I expected better.  Crab still had ice in it and was bath in salt.  Kobe rib-eye steak was tough, everything else was just OK.  Only good thing  was the lamb.  Not much selected in the dessert menu.
3	I've been to the Buffet at Bellagio two times. The first time I was there I remembered the food being good and there being plenty of variety. The second time I was there, the food wasn't bad per say, but none of the food was really memoriable. I'm going to try the Buffet at Wynn next time for dinner to compare. I have, however, try the Sunday Brunch at Wynn last time I visited Vegas, and I think one of the things that I liked about Wynn over Bellagio was the atmosphere. The buffet area is spacious and bright and sometimes that makes all the difference.
4	For about $40, you are treated to a truly extensive variety of food.  Better than other buffets I've been to in Vegas, and I would say that it's even kind of intimidating.Everything was GOOD.  I knocked off one star because nothing was exceptionally memorable.  The food is solid across the board, but there wasn't anything that stood out to me as wildly spectacular.  Here are a couple of delicious items that I did really like:+ Chilean sea bass = AMAZING.  I grew up on Chilean sea bass, and this is some of the best I've ever had.  YUM.+ The desserts are all stand-out.  I especially liked the fruit tart with the giant strawberry on top.  Very good.+ The cheese selection was good too.Overall, a wide variety of seafood items, carved meats, hot entrees, appetizers, cheese selections, fruits, salads, and, of course, desserts.  I won't go into detail here, but I thought everything was pretty high-quality, and you're getting what you paid for.  It's a more expensive buffet, but that's because the selection is extensive, classy, and delicious.  The other buffet I went to this time around was the Buffet at the Wynn.  I think if you're looking into this one or Wynn's, I would choose Wynn because Wynn had many more stand-out items (in my opinion) than Bellagio (I go into detail in my Wynn review).  So, in conclusion: 4 stars for all-around tastiness, minus a star because I had to rack my brain to even remember the stand-out dishes.  It's a small complaint, but one that I thought I'd mention.  For a buffet, though, it doesn't disappoint!
2	I remember this place being a lot better a couple years ago, but I didn't feel that it was great this time. The Kobe beef was waay too hard to cut, the rotisserie chicken was kinda dry, the tender pork loin was just ham, and the crab legs (all the Asian people go for the crag legs first) were frozen. Yes, all I ate was meat, but why go for the cheap dishes, when you can stuff yourself with the higher level dishes. Maybe I was just there at a bad time. I did however enjoy the selection of awesome desserts, which made up for the okay meal.
3	Went here for breakfast and it was a little overpriced. If you want breakfast, just order from your room service since it'll a lot cheaper. I heard dinner here is good, but I had other plans for dinner. Maybe next time I will try the dinner part.
5	Some people go to Vegas to gamble, some go for the nightlife, but I go to eat. At just under $40, this buffet may seem a bit pricey, but it is well worth the cost as long as you eat the appropriate items (so stay away from the salad).The variety is great, ranging from various types of sushi, seafood, meats, pastas, and even pizza! Sadly the pizza looked like the worst thing there, but why would you eat pizza at a buffet when you have prime rib, shrimp cocktail, and all the crab legs you could eat!Dessert was even better, almost as much variety as the main dishes. Choose from frozen yogurt, sorbet, and more pastries than you could ever imagine.
5	Yes very good very good.  I always crave the cocktail shrimp and the cold smoked salmon.  Very good very good.  Yum!
4	My friends & I went for Sunday Brunch.  The food was really good.  The carving stations had lamb, prime rib and turkey.  The vegetables on the buffet were not overcooked and soggy.  The sushi was fresh, not gummy.  The shrimp was tasty, not mushy.  The desserts were delectable.  The only thing missing were crab legs but with everything else you didn't even miss it.
4	I had lunch here with some friends last Saturday.Buffet: 4/5 - The lunch buffet was $23.95. Dinner is about twice as much, but you get a lot more choices for entres. Some of the items included for lunch are honey gladed bacon, pasta, pizza, prime rib, shrimp cocktail, sushi. You don't get crab legs like, which was what one of my friends wanted. The quality of the food here is as good as it gets for buffets.Service: 3/5Ambience: 3/5
5	man oh man, i walked out of this place in PAIN, gluttony status for sure..first of all my friends and i came her 30 min before lunch ended, oblivious to this fact..just when were starting dessert....they hit us with dinner..i went from eating food, dessert, then back to food...lol ive never been so stuffed in my life!! they had good sushi/crab legs/prime rib/pizza/stuffed ravioli/quail/soups/desserts..ugh desserts!!!, just way too much good food. would i go back again?? most def! but on the way home cuz the last thing i would want is rollin up to a club with a little food baby.
4	While the buffet is expensive at $40, I'm pretty sure I ate about $500 worth of Alaskan King Crab legs (which they conveniently split in half for you.)The food quality isn't 5 stars, but it's definitely in the top-tier of what you can expect to find in a buffet.Sushi was ok, quail was very good.
2	Okay, maybe we should have ate at the Wynn buffet AFTER the Bellagio buffet, because this place was just...ishy in comparision. More than half of the the buffet was empty, and another huge portion of it was just the same shitty food on each side. I had a yummy omelette and a really good croissant. Other than that, nothing was really notable. Except for the old guy that hit on me at the omelette station.
4	Be warned: for Sunday brunch, the line here can be absofuckinlutely ridONCULOUS, that you will say, "this aint worth waiting in line for."Aside from that, the line wasn't too too bad when we got there (around 11), even though the banged up broads in front of us were all hung over and I could FEEL them rolling their eyes behind their giant Chanel sunglasses, clutching their waterbottles, pushing their glasses up on their glossy, sleek heads and giving me and my buddy the stink eye.  I was much more amused by the cougars further ahead of us talking about their football bets.Once inside, you pay the 24 bucks for the brunch (28 if you want champagne, still a bargain).  The food is excellent, the options endless - it's what you should get at a Vegas buffet.  The only drawback to buffets is the gross people that often come to them - what is the fascination of sneezing behind me? H1N1, anybody, or am I just being paranoid? I will close with this great quote, stolen from another yelper: "treat everyone as if they have swine flu or syphilis."  I hope that don't deter you from the Bellagio Buffet - it is really good.
5	My favorite Buffet in Vegas hands down! I guess I should have written this a while ago. However, the Buffet came to mind when recommending it to others recently. On our trip to Las Vegas this past Spring, we stopped in at the Bellagio Buffet as it was close by to the theatre where we had tickets to see "O". I was very ill, and did not feel much like eating. But, I needed something in my stomach to offset the Day-Quil, etc. When we were seated, the waiter took pity on me and aimed me toward the soup station. What was originally going to be a chicken noodle soup experience turned out to be every kind of soup to choose from that I could possibly imagine. I had a sampling of six hearty and flavorful soups, and that drummed up my appetite for a round of sushi, and a stop for gelato with a small dessert. They have everything on the buffet that can be imagined. Most people head straight for the prime rib, but there is a whole section of fish dishes, salads, sushi, and really beautiful desserts. I wish I had been in better form during my visit so I could have fully enjoyed more selections, but what I did have was perfect. The staff was super friendly and made me feel a little better if just for a while.
5	Best buffet in Vegas....hands down.Better quality and selection than the Wynn, and cheap at 35.95. Must eat the Kobe prime rib, beef wellington, sushi (although the rice is packed tight that it looks like a one piece), chocolate covered strawberries.The service is good.....they take the plates fast and re-fill your drinks quickly (probably to fill your stomach).Overall it is excellent, and the best buffet in vegas.   The Wynn is more expensive, and the other lower end buffets are not that much cheaper...7 to 10 bucks cheaper?  So you might as well shell out an extra 10 bucks to eat the best in vegas.  If you don't want to wait in line, then you probably want to go later in the day...after 8ish.
5	AHHH! i can't believe i never yelped this!!! i always do dinner at the buffet at bellagio, but this time i already had dinner plans on friday and saturday so we decided to do sunday brunch. it was amazing!!! however next time i would have to do dinner here because of the crab legs and the sushi bar (brunch: california rolls, veggie rolls, and spicy tuna hand roll)
4	One of the better buffets in Vegas, I can't say its the best buffet because i haven't been to them all... YET haha  It is one of the pricier buffets on the strip at $36/person but you definitely pay for better service and quality of food and more selection.  I hated that they had such a hugeeee dessert selection, i just stood there dazed and confused and was unable to make up my mind.  But once i came to my senses i remembered i was a BUFFET so i took one of everything!  hahahaha... i was in dessert heaven!I was a little disappointed in the sushi selection though.  I was a little worried about having to wait a long time, but we got there around 5:30 and only had to wait around 20 minutes (it probably helps when its just the 2 of us).
5	Yummy in my tummy! I love the food here. I always eat a lot and overdose. Then I have to sit for a few hours while I try not to fall asleep. Everything is good. I love the desserts, seafood, everything!
3	Date: November 20, 2009Good: Variety of all different types of food to try as well as the deserts.Bad: $30 per person and food was average. Summary: If you want to try a wide range of dishes from different parts of the earth without going to many resurants this will work for you. If you want a specific type of dinner that is beyond average look somewhere else that specializes in it.
3	came here for lunch, the price wasn't bad at all, like $22/person (perhaps this is the lunch price, and not the dinner price).maybe it's outta season, or maybe it's the lunch time thing, but no alaskan crab legs???? nooooo....good variety, kick ass sushi and hand rolls, most of the desserts were super tasty (and i tried like every dessert).
4	If I were younger and still had the fortitude to make Bellagio regret charging so little for the amount I was able to consume this might have been a five-starer.  As it is, I think it's one of the better buffets in Vegas.  There's plenty of diverse foods (see Ostrich) that peaked my interest and I enjoyed the experience.Unfortunately at this point in my eating stage, the buffet experience doesn't cut a dedicated restaurant or chef.
4	This is the buffet you compare all other buffets in Vegas to. Ultimate buffet experience. Everything is fresh and all the dishes are as you would expect from the Bellagio. Crab legs are a favorite for our family and you can try to taste everything, but unless you are a training sumo wrestler, there is no possible way since the selection will make even pickiest eater (me) satisfied. You will roll out of the restaurant.
5	I've been to the Bellagio Buffet a few times, and it's always been good.  However, visiting over Thanksgiving this year and taking in the Buffet I found it even better, and easily the best Buffet I've enjoyed in Las Vegas.From the diverse foods (Venison, Ostrich, Kobe Top Sirlion, Sushi) to the Buffet staples (Crab Legs, Prime Rib) and the holiday offerings (Turkey, stuffing, etc), it was all amazing this time around.  The salad and veggies offerings were also exceptional, and I was pleased that that dessert serving sizes were small as I felt much better about sampling just a bite or two of a few different things (and if you really want to gorge, you can always take a few).There are certainly cheaper buffets in the area, and some very good ones that are cheaper too... but for the overall quality and variety this is still a pretty good value (you could easily spend more than this having a salid and a main course at the cafe in Bellagio).
5	I've gone here only for breakfast, I don't know how their lunch and dinner is but damn their breakfast is good! Eggs benedict - checkEggs Florentine - double checkBacon cooked to perfection where its not too crispy or too chewy - dear god that's good!fresh fruit selection? why of course, strawberries galore!yogurt for you health nutsoatmeal, grits, bagels, pastries! everything you could think of. Ok they didn't have corn beef hash but I'll let that go due to their wonderful bacon. The staff was friendly, the buffet was good, i ate my fill enough for lunch. Hell i was there long enough that they started serving lunch and broke out the shrimp. At that time I was completely stuffed for the bulk of the day and good to go. Breakfast isn't that pricy, so definitely go here. Eat, drink, eat some more, and take a banana to go.when you check into your hotel they usually give you coupons or discounts on other things, and in the lobby they have free magazines or flyers or phamplets that have coupons and discounts. Don't be shy about taking them or using them. I went during the weekday, so the prices weren't terrible.
4	Solid 4-star for lunch. Would even go back without comps. Food was tasty, nice selection, and desserts were very good. Not sure about dinners, but lunch selection could satisfy most palates. Good selection of Italian, Asian, and American foods. Was worth the $20 lunch charge.
5	Best buffet in time and it never disappoints. Everyone should do a buffet at least once in Vegas. I am not a big fan of buffets as I can't ever eat enough to get my money's worth but Bellagio goes all out with their food. Top of the line Alaskan Crab legs, all sorts of meat, i.e., Kobe, Elk, Ostrich, etc. Everything is premium here.
3	What is the first thing that comes to mind when you're going to Vegas? Gambling? Nah! Crazy Clubs? Nope! Shows? No way! Excessive amounts of Alcohol? Mayb....NO! Buffet? PLEASE BELIEVE! This was my first time getting to try the Bellagio's buffet so I was JUICED! We went for brunch and after looking at the prices, I noticed that the Champagne Brunch was around $27 plus tax. HOLLA! Not a bad price at all, right?!?! I'm gonna break this down plate by plate - wish me luck! Plate 1: Breakfast-ish Omelet Station - So good!! They have all the standard fixins and you get to watch your dude flip them. Eggs Benedict - They used sour dough English muffins which is always a plus in my book. Normally I don't like buffet eggs benedict but these were good even sitting out. Chicken Sausage - I have no clue which brand they use but it was delish. I heart breakfast! Scalloped Potatoes - they were cheesy! YUM! Plate 2: Confusion Cheese Blitzes w/ berry toppings - I couldn't eat them. Maybe because it was more on the lunch side of brunch and they had been sitting out to long. The cheese just didn't settle right for me. Bow Tie pasta with chicken and blue cheese type sauce - YUM! Bow Ties and Blue Cheese. love it Asparagus - all time favorite veggie! It wasn't even mushy. Nice job buffet guys. Turkey - Not gonna lie, it was kinda dry. When I make turkey, I inject it with broth and butter. LOL - COME SEE ME! Plate 3: Why did I need a plate 3? Moar Asparagus - Told you its my favorite! Mashed Sweet Potatoes - They tasted good but nothing special. Prime Rib - Way over cooked. Prime Rib should be red, this was brown. Plate 4: "Dessert" Mint Pea Soup - SO GOOD! This was the best thing I had all morning. Fruit - LOL... tryna be healthy after eating way too much right? Brunch was good overall but I think I expected a little higher quality in the food. I think the price for brunch was great and there was a good selection of food. I also loved the fact my Mimosa glass was always full. If I came for dinner I probably would have been a little more disappointed but brunch was good for what it was and the price was right.
4	This is a meat orgy! In one meal I showed chicken, beef (multiple cuts), pork, lamb, ostrich and elk who is really at the top of the food chain...ME.  I rate this excellent buffet second behind the Wynn's in both food quality and service.
5	holy. shit.after a weekend of drinking and general debauchery in vegas with friends, we decided that we had to see what the fuck the hype was about with this buffet.  it is worth every moment you spend standing in line and every penny. we went for late breakfast, and caught some of the lunch as it was getting set up (hell yeah we stayed for two meals, dont judge us!) the options are amazing, tons of veggie creations, sushi, soup and some of the best bbq salmon i've ever had. none of that shitty greasy, hate yourself in the morning (well maybe a little of that) factor you find at most buffets. you absolutely have to get down with your inner fat kid here when you're in town. you have failed at vegas if you don't.
5	I love this place This was THE best buffet compared to all buffets I've EVER experienced. Champagne Brunch was around $27 plus tax. they have diffrent cuts of meats and you can die a meat overdose, but what a way togo. they have just about every kind of food you can think.we went for late breakfast, and caught some of the lunch as it was getting set upthe options are amazing, tons of veggie creations, sushi, soup and meats, meats and more meats.. I love this place
4	Last time I went here, I felt that the crab legs were the item that would be bringing me back. So, I went back on this trip to get some crab legs, and now the dessert options are probably what will bring me back next time. I can't wait to see how they will one-up themselves next.Here is the low-down: pre-split king crab legs and a pot of clarified butter, along with the finest chocolatey desserts ever found in a buffet, paired up with delicious angus roast beef and sushi-grade tuna/salmon and roast duck and quail and everything else you would ever want from a buffet. The kicker: $30. And its at the Bellagio, so you won't feel like you're a cheapass for going to a buffet instead of a pricey 5-star joint. Need more proof that its good? How many other buffets have a snaking line in front of them? The 20 minute wait is absolutely worth it, and everyone in that line knows it, so just join them and wait for the glory.I've always stood by my opinion that this is the best buffet in Vegas based on food and price and location, and I'm sticking to it yet again.
2	I expected a lot from you, Bellagio. You disappointed me greatly. The only thing that redeemed you was the creme brulee. I spent about $36 (including tips) for dinner. The steak was tough when it wasn't supposed to be. Tough steak, tough fish. Mediocre-grade sushi. Americanized rolls. Really great waitress though! Maybe it was that one night where you lost your touch.
2	Don't go there for lunch...The waiter never restocked our drinks either.
5	This is one of the best buffets I have had in Vegas. This place is comparable to the Wynn Buffet, only cheaper - $30pp. Came here on a Monday evening, and there was a line! This place had to be good...Waited for about 30 mins and entered the establishment. WOW, this place was huge! Scoped out the stations and had so many choices! All beefs I tried were delicious - loved the quail!!! Seafood trip was pretty tasty with crab legs and shrimp cocktail. Also had a made to order seafood pastry with shrimp and scallops. Desserts were to die for with so many selections!!Our service was prompt and our waitress was super nice. Would definitely come back again!
5	Overall, a great buffet. The weekend lines are always long so you need to come prepared to wait at least 30 min to 1 hour. The quality of the food is a notch above all others and at the same level as that of the Wynn. I've tried both and I give the Bellagio buffet a slight edge. If you have to try one buffet in Vegas, this is the one.
2	mmmm, what ever happened to the Bellagio Buffet dinner? It definitely has gone downhill. Not only was the food just mediocre, the decor was gloomy as well. I've been to the Wynn Buffet before and it not only had great food, the atmosphere was bright and welcoming as well.  The only good thing about Bellagio's buffet was the desserts: cream puffs, creme brulee, strawberry tart...all very yummy.  I don't eat meat, so I can't speak for most of the main dishes, but the sushi was bland and most dishes were unmemorable. I did enjoy the seaweed salad, but I think that's store bought.Next time I'll be heading to the Wynn buffet for sure, even if it's pricier.
4	My first Las Vegas buffet. Yum! First off, make sure you come here prepared to wait in a line from hell. We tried to come on Saturday night bu the line was so long we would have missed our show. Gave it a go again on Sunday night for dinner and the line was much shorter, and the buffet is a little cheaper as well. Excellent selection of delicious foods. Crab legs, sushi, prime rib, pastas, salad...and don't even get me started with how much damage we did to the many desserts offered.  Our server always promptly bussed our table and even cheerfully gave us cold milk when we asked for it with our dessert bonanza! Worth it for sure.
4	Now, this is a buffet.A few weeks ago, I took a trip to Las Vegas for a pharmacy conference, and was craving good quality food for good price. I was already sick of the outrageous prices of food in "fast food" places in the Venetian (having spent nearly 10 dollars on a coffee and a bagel), I was craving good quality food. A friend suggested we take advantage of the lunch prices before 4pm (making it a lunch-dinner pit stop), so I followed them to The Bellagio.We paid around 25 bucks, and it was well worth it. There was SO MUCH SELECTION. The meats were great, from the Kobe steak, prime rib, bbq pork, and Mmmm, my fave of the night, BBQ ribs. Also, there was a huge selection of seafood, from the crab legs, shrimp, and all types of fish (sea bass, salmon, tuna, etcera). The fish itself was cooked a bit too much, so it was dry, but after eating the mussels, I was satisified. They also had an ETHNIC section, with Chinese and Japanese food. I don't normally touch "Chinese" food at buffets, so I didn't this time, but saw they even carried duck! I tried the sushi bar they had.. they even had HAND ROLLS... which was an okay quality grade.. but man, for a buffet? it was pretty worth it.My absolute favorite part of the buffet was the DESSERT. Yes, you're not going to find the best amazing desserts, but the SELECTION was insane. My fave was a hazelnut chocolate mousse cake and the carrot cake. There were cheesecakes, cookies, more cakes, ice cream, sorbet, lemon bars, eclairs, etcera. I had to get a coffee at the end to eat with all my desserts.Service was good as well, as every time I got up, the waiter took my plate away. Also, he was good on keeping my drinks fully supplied, which I appreciated. I just raised my hand, and he came instantly. Good job on the service.I would have given this place 5 stars, based on the meat, but the seafood was not the greatest, nor the sushi. Nonetheless, probably one of the best buffets I've been to! Next time, I'll go for brunch.
4	So this is the third buffet we went to, on recommendation from Dee who said that literally this was the best buffet in Vegas! and she was right almost except for a couple of things.1. the line to get in was very long, like an hour long to get in but this was right before the switch between lunch and dinner.2. the crab legs were not only cold they were frozen, it was like they brought them right off the boat from deadliest-catch.I would have given them 5***** but i haven't been to the Wynn yet, and im still pissed about the wait in line .
5	This is the best buffet in Vegas.  Christmas brunch was $30 a person.  The chilean sea bass was excellent.  The crab legs were very good, but not as big nor as good as the ones at Aria.  This has the best desserts.  The sushi was limited to california rolls only.  Service was good and friendly as well.
5	Enjoyed this Buffet more than any other in LV. Better than Spice Market, better than the Wynn..Why?We got to the front of the long ash line riiiiight at 4pm, and was charged 20/person (lunch rate). I feel bad for the party behind us. I mean really, the difference between us and them was what... another 15-20 dollars per person? We got charged so much less because we got in line 10 seconds before they did. If roles were reversed, it woulda sucked. As it happened that day, SWEET. When we got up to the cashier, he told the person controlling the line that we were the last lunch rate folks in. Dinner at lunch prices, cool. I was able to try most of the dishes, and I liked the majority of them. One of my favorites this trip (Gulf Shrimp w/ Cocktail sauce) were plentiful here, bigger than Spice Market Buffet, and very tasty. I never understood the allure of the crab legs, those waterlogged fiber-y morsels of dullness, (seriously, are they supposed to be that way? All 3 buffet's crab legs were cold waterlogged and flavorless... what's the appeal?)  but the shrimp were sweet and had a little tiny snap to them (not mushy or waterlogged at all). Loved the prime rib, the kobe steak, the lamb (not that gamey) and the little bites all around that I had. This place has the best sushi of the three, and the salmon/tuna poke was tasty as well.Also, whoever said that strawberry tart was delicious got it spot on. I loved it. Not too sweet, but a nice way to end the meal.Will go back next outing. I miss the shrimp already =(I worried since some people said this buffet went downhill, but after trying it, all I have to say is, if this is downhill, this joint musta been something rediculously special when it first opened!
2	Wow, so disappointed.  We went to eat at the buffet for new year's and the food was not that great.  I expected alot since of all these great reviews but the crab legs were too salty.  The sushi selection were ridiculous, they only had 4 choices to choose from.  The only good things were the desserts, prime rib, and a friendly staff.  I wouldn't come back to this place especially if it involves Buffet.  Wynn or Paris is better in my opinion.
4	Did a champagne brunch here recently and I'm happy. There was a line as expected but it was worth it. Eggs benedict were soooooo delicious. I never really go back for seconds at buffets I just try something new, but I had 2 of these! Absolutely orgasmic and I don't even really enjoy eggs. At all. Prime Rib was the best meat they had. I tried the leg of lamb and it was surprisingly not dry. They also had a slab of bacon they slice for you which I tried but I just couldn't handle the fatty bacon-ness of it all (this is a rare event). Was hesitant on the sushi, and it seemed like maybe for dinner they have more of it? I'm not sure. Anyway, didn't try it. I never go for sushi in buffets.The shrimp and crab legs were good but I don't eat things with exoskeletons often so I might not be a good critic for em. The extra 5 bucks for champagne is worth it. I probably had 4 mimosas and 4 glasses of champagne while here-I kept getting surprised my glass was being refilled every time it was emptied so I guess I had some sort of contest with our waitress going subconciously. Desserts are normally always bad at buffets, so I was happy to enjoy my cheesecake, and creme brulee, and chocolatey thing, and other chocolatey thing...
5	Very Expensive, but worth the price.its about 35 bucks, for dinner, and even more with champagne.the line i waited in was about 1 hour just to get a seat, but hey its vegas.I went to the bath room, after the long line, and what did i see, i saw a kid puking in the stall. To me it was a good sign, He must love to the food to eat so damn much of it. Looked around a big, they had PRIME RIB, whoa, Honey roasted ham, pasta, eggs benedict, fresh baked goods, salmon,  sushi, snow crabs. i mean, if you actually got one plate of this in a 5 star resturant you looking between 80 bucks a person. I liked just about every thing. they even got Ojwu to dip the prime rib in.they said its the best buffet in vegas, i believe them.ate so much that day, i was done with buffet, the whole week.
4	Go at 3:30 pay the lunch price and wait for the dinner goodies to roll out. Fill up on the good stuff and be greedy for dessert. Wonderful-Pesto Mashed potatoesPrime rib: ask for a thick slice and they comply in spadesKing Crab LegsRandom meat selection: Quail one time Venison the otherCreme BruleeChocolate Hazelnut Mousse(made our eyes roll back)The entire dessert stationNot so hot-Pizza Most of the pastasSnow crab (tasted like dirty ocean)Most of the Asian dishes minus the sashimi
5	Love it, a must go.  Worth the price and worth the wait.  I went here after a horrible experience at the Aria Buffet.  Great variety.  I was even able to eat Ostrich meat!! Yum.  Definitely recommend this place.
4	I don't do buffets.  I don't like them, if I'm going to go to one I can be very picky and whiny.  Before this, there was one buffet I liked and one only... but now, I would happily go back to The Buffet.  It was good, it was sooooo good.  It wasn't as overwhelming as I thought it might be and the food was really really good!   Some amazing Asian noodle dishes, pasta dishes, seafood.  There was sushi, but I don't do buffet sushi... it didn't look lovely enough for me to try.  Several different meat stations were available as well.    The desserts were incredible.  Wow.  Banana's foster, bread pudding, you name it, they had it!   Beautiful breads and vegetable sides.It took about 30min in line but it was worth the wait and we needed to be at Bellagio for "O" so it worked out awesomely!   The one shocking thing we learned from the family in front of us, kids older then 3-years-old are charged full price!  So I'm not sure I'd bring picky kids to The Buffet unless they'll eat almost $30 worth of pizza and sweets ;)
2	Waited in a VERY long line for a VERY long time to be given the privelage of paying $30-something a person for food. It wasn't shitty, and not the worst buffet I'd ever eaten I'm sure, but for that price plus the Bellagio name I was expecting to be wowed. LIke the kind of wow you feel after really good coitus. The salad bar was minimal, and the buffet was overloaded with meat. I know that most people will think that this is where you get your moneys-worth, but even so I love a great big salad at the begging of my meal. It was really shitty small, with two kinds of leafy greens, a couple of cheeses and two or three dressings. Really? The meat. Beef wellington--yuck. Lamb--tasted fishy (?). Turkey--dry. Seafood--only idiots eat seafood at a buffet. The dessert was the best part, and I really loaded up on these. Much to my chagrin, desserts combined with 10 free Heinekens= projectile vomiting. Not sure if I can blame that on the Bellagio, but I'd say that they have to take come credit for it. Did anyone else notice how tiny the buffet area was?
5	One word - WONDERFUL. I come here everytime I am in Vegas and the line is always super long. If you're eating dinner there, be sure to get in line by 5pm or else you would be wasting at least an hour waiting in the long line.
4	With lines like a Disneyland ride, even on a slow weekday, the Bellagio's buffet needs no endorsements. What they do well, they do very very well. While the current $27.95 dinner price is higher than some, it's still not the most expensive (Wynn and Rio Seafood Buffet are more). Within a deceptively large (600 seat) series of rooms with an Italian seaside motif, Bellagio's is one of the more pleasant atmospheres for a buffet, with linen napkins and heavy silverware--but they also still have Keno. Strong points: Sushi bar, with two dedicated chefs making cut rolls, sashimi, hand rolls, dumplings, steak tartar, seaweed salad, two kinds of poke (ahi and salmon) and more... Fish quality is far above that of most other buffets.Salad bar has a very large range of choices which according to management get changed often--including marinated tofu, quinoa salad, smoked salmon, spinach frisee, --they also do salads tossed to order.A large selection of seafood, most of which is good quality. they do bluenose sea bass 3 different ways--because it's sustainable (it's not as tender as Chilean, but it's a nice, light fish). Also vol-au-vents to order 3-4 different ways, which aren't bad. Strong selection of soups, including nice red pepper bisque and mushroom-laden misoSix kinds of brick oven pizzas, which were actually good (usually buffet pizza is wretched)very good, properly made creamed spinachThey grill veal piccata and marsala live... but I didn't try it.Weak points: Mediocre selection of Italian pastaAuthentic but small selection of ChinesePaella was underwhelmingBroad selection of carved meats (chicken wellington?), but most aren't that impressive--I think Buffalo sirloin doesn't really lend itself to buffet service...BUT they did have PERFECT TURKEY (not overly brined), which as you probably know, isn't easy.But of course, most people still pile on the crab legs, which are served at two stationsDesserts were underwhelming (Wynn, Cravings, Studio B all do better) but they had these little apple pie rolls that were nice...Weekend dinners, price goes up to $35, but you get kobe beef, rack of lamb, venison and more variety...Here's a secret tip: If you are only one or two people, management allows you to walk in the exit door and seat yourself at the bar (space allowing). The bartender will charge you for the buffet.
4	This buffet is decent. Not one of the ones that really "wow'ed" me. They have your usual. Carving station. Sushi station. Dessert Station. (all of which I visited numerous times) GOOD:- Its at the Bellagio. After you stuff your face here, go outside and enjoy the water show!- Carving station had Kobe Steak.  (For all you Laker fans, you gonna love it!! Enjoy yourself some Kobe meat!)- Desserts: This is where I get in trouble. I get bored with the desserts so I create my own. Ice cream cookie sandwiches!!- Service: Server did a great job.Bad:- Line. Be prepared to wait. Line was super long.Ugly:- Its Vegas. Its the Bellagio. Can't really say anything ugly about this place. ( do those people flicking and passing out those cards on the strip count?)Buffet at Belagio. If it wasn't for the location, this would just be another buffet.
5	we tried a couple different buffets while in town, but this was the only one that won us over and pulled us back on our last day for the breakfast buffet.  the dinner buffet was great.  i think the vote at our table for the best were:- prime rib- crab legs- dessertsi personally liked the pesto mashed potatoes and tried the kobe beef.  those were well worth the buffet deal.  well handled buffet with a variety of options.basically, come here to gain 5 lbs in 20 minutes....where is that gym membership....broke ass grad student lesson # 251:  eat as much as you can and don't eat for a week.  broke ass grad student lesson # 157:  go around 11am and you'll get their breakfast buffet *and* their lunch buffet.  score.
4	The best crab legs I have ever had!!  The prime rib was also amazing.  Everything else was just so-so.  But you must go here for the all-you-can-eat crab legs!!
4	Very nice restaurant.A very wide variety of cuisines that were all excuisite in flavor!The ahi tuna sashimi was amazing and very fresh. Kobe beef sirloin was kind of tough, but still had a lot of flavor!Dessert bar was really good and I really enjoyed the classic cheesecake.2 hours later, I walked out satisfied and was just in time for the Water Show!
4	I like coming to this buffet at the tail-end of Sunday brunch, right when dinner options are about to come out.  Why?  Because I can still capitalize on the mimosas, get my eggs benedict and bacon, and STILL get my dinner options.  It's a win-win, really.  The overall dessert bar is better here than at the Wynn, but they don't have a gelato bar (fail).
3	I'm not really sure how to rate the buffet at The Bellagio. It's good quality, but if you don't like seafood you are having your options cut down significantly and your enjoyment will largely depend on what interests you out of a limited selection. Sometimes it's OK, sometimes I end up eating the same 2 or 3 things and filling up on the very good desserts.The non seafood eater is simply subsidizing everyone else at this expensive buffet. Not only is there a dedicated section full of fish and other seafood, the Asian food is strongly fish themed. Seafood lovers rejoice. Seafood haters are probably better off at a Station Casino.
4	Best buffet I've been to... yet still not a 5 star.The reason for this is because I went on a Wednesday.... I heard it's much better over the weekends and I think it could've been a bit better.My favorite things were the swordfish and the steak tartar.  Both are 5 stars in my book.  But... I couldn't just eat two items at a buffet.  I chowed down on the crab legs which were pretty average and the shrimp cocktail which was a bit above average.  But really... nothing else is worth mentioning.  The kobe beef was pretty tough... prime ribe I had a bad cut so I can't really judge.
4	To the handicapped person who cut to the front of the line while I waited 45 min to get to the beginning, took his time paying, and then MAGICALLY walked JUST FINE when he got to the food area and started zooming around, I DISAPPROVE!!Besides that, this is a solid buffet!Get in line at 3 pm, and you'll have a great chance at scoring the lunch price while they switch out for dinner foods at 4 pm. :) Save $15!The hits were Prime Rib, Honey Smoked Bacon, Pork Loin, Shrimp Cocktail, Spanish Paella mussels...and pretty much all the desserts.The lamb (super gamey) and the Kobe Top Sirloin (way too tough) did not sit well with me. I also do not get what the fuss is for the King Crab legs. They tasted icy.Overall a large variety of different cuisines. Just remember...don't fill up on the "cheap" stuff ;)
3	ate there yesterday before flew back home to Dallas. I've seen the reviews so decided give a try. I am sorry but that was the worst lunch buffets I've ever eat...  The pictures they took might seen nice and all that but when i actually get there, it was bad..... it wasn't look as clean the the pictures show, it's always have no foods at the buffet, yes the deserts was nice but i've tried all the food there, it was bad.. I've throw up after i ate the buffets. I would rather pay little bit more to order a plate that is fresh cook  instead eating buffet. I am not sure about the dinner but I know for sure I won't go back there again to eat their lunch buffet.
4	We did brunch on a Sunday, and waited an hour to get in. Not too bad considering the line ended right at the guest elevators. We were a little confused at how some people had like skip the line passes or something, and unlike some other buffets you can't skip the line even if you are a guest....boohiss! Food was good, lots of choices, more than Wynn IMO. We did wish that it was laid out better, like all against one wall so you're not just surrounded by food and people. It seemed a lot more overwhelming than the buffet at Wynn, but that could just be because there were tons more people at the Bellagio brunch. Our service was just all right, it got better once our waitress ended her shift and was replaced. Bathrooms: there should probably be more than 3 stalls since the room holds about a thousand?? The atmosphere is a little lacking, resembles a nursing home we thought. Overall, a must try!
4	$20 for the lunch buffet and well worth it!  I'll try to re-cap the really good selection:    pasta, pizza (delicious pesto shrimp pizza), ribs, roast turkey, roast beef, seafood (very fresh shrimp cocktail and ceviche), salad bar, all different types of fish (my fav is chilean sea bass which is super expensive - i think i ate about $20 worth), sushi (california roll, spicy tuna handrolls) seawood salad, omelette bar - made on the spot, all the standard breakfast items (bacon, eggs, sausage etc), chinese stir frys, fried rice, all sorts of soups from tortilla, chicken noodle soup to corn chowder and miso soup, full dessert bar with cakes, cookies, yogurt, fruit --- pace yoruself and scope out the whole area.  can't go to vegas without going to at least one buffet.. this one was is a good pick
3	For my third and final buffet of my Las Vegas trip, it was to dinner at The Buffet at Bellagio.eh. I thought it would be better. I mean come on....The Buffet and Bellagio. Expectations were high. Seeing the long line, they grew. Luckily one of our party showed up early and waited the 40 minutes to get to the front and then they put him in the side line until we all showed up. Once we did we were promptly seated. Nice.  But then they sat us at a table that was a tad bit small for a group of 9.  boo.Maybe I was on a buffet burnout or something, but I just couldn't get my eat on here.  For a $35 buffet, it was just ok.  I expected more and better.  The Kobe beef wasn't all that great, the crab legs were small and the sushi/sashimi was lacking quality.  The lamb chops were good, not gamey tasting and cooked a nice medium rare. The butternut squash ravioli's were delicious as was the seabass.  The desserts were good too.  Overall it was just a regular buffet. Nothing special. Nothing stand-outish.  And there were too many  things that you had to ask for instead of being able to serve it yourself...some of those didn't even have signs. Too much trouble and not worth the wait.I was nice and gave it 3 star just cause the experience might have had more to do with me than the buffet.
5	Yum.  That little 3 letter word sums it up.  I got here at 1045am.  The breakfast buffet closes at 11am.  I suggest you get there earlier to take full advantage of what this beast has to offer.  I couldn't get an omelette, as the line for it was like at a sizzler or waiting for crab legs, but man, they looked good.  Instead I just got the normal buffet fare.  There were 3 different kinds of potatoes (sliced thinly, cubed, and baked), the bacon was crispy but still had amazing taste, multiple sausages, waffles, french toast, pancakes, chorizo, etc.  It was all amazing, even though the scrambled eggs were a bit runny (I dislike runny eggs.  A lot.).  For $16 (this includes tax), I say it is well worth it.  If only I were hungrier (or was I too hungry from waiting too long??), I would've done more than $16 worth of damage.  Instead, I only probably did $13.  Sad.Oh yea, the orange juice was amazing.  I highly recommend it.
4	Bellagio Buffet? Wynn Buffet? The Vegas Buffet Debate!IMO, the Bellagio is the winner and it's the dessert that puts it on top!  It was a friend's 25th birthday celebration-fest and we decided to do a group dinner at the Bellagio Buffet.  I called an hour before-hand to give the buffet a heads up that we were rolling with 19 people.  They don't really take reservations so we still had to wait in line but they managed to save us two tables right next to eachother!There's sooo much food I didn't know where to start!  The meat carving station was serving up kobe beef, prime rib, ostrich, turkey, beef wellington, and more!  The kobe beef and prime rib were SO deliciously tender.  Other highlights: poke tuna (so fresh), prepared salads area, pastas, vegetarian pizza, mac n cheese, three different kinds of potatoes!!!  For dessert I limited myself to three dishes and had the apple pie (really yummy), coconut macaroon (just okay), and the DELICIOUS chocolate covered strawberries.  They were dark chocolate, milk chocolate, and swirled chocolate covered. YUMMMMMM.After tax and gratutity (because we had a large party) it came out to be about $45 per person for the Saturday night dinner buffet.Stuffed.
5	Compared to the other buffets I've been to in Vegas, (MGM, Ballys, Wynn, Rio, and Paris) Bellagio is hands down.. THE BEST..My plates consisted of prime rib, kobe, mashed potatoes, sausage penne pasta, sausage fried rice, aanndd...more steak/meat..  I would've gotten 3rd and 4th helpings but my dress was preventing me from breathing so I had to cut myself off.. :( NEXT TIME... I'm wearing loose sweats and a big top!!OH!  It was my first time trying Ostrich... not a fan... I also tried their lamb, which I didn't like but I'm not a fan of lamb to begin with... friends said lamb was dry, tho.My favorite dessert items were the chocolate covered strawberries (HUGE STRAWBERRIES!!) and the mocha/coffee flavored pudding in mini wine glasses.  Wynn buffet, I think, has more of a selection but I like the flavors/quality of this dessert bar alot better.$45 is nothing compared to the other crazy expensive places you could dine at on the Strip and it's all you can eat.  Can't WAIT to come back... in proper buffet attire.
2	I came here about a month ago and I was utterly disappointed. I came here on a Thurs night and spent about $30 for food that didn't taste good. The only food that I enjoyed here was the tuna tar tar and steak tar tar. These two were located at the sushi bar. It is actually behind the counter, so you have to request it from the sushi chef. Other than that, the prime rib was bland and cold, the crab legs were disgusting, and the desserts were only ok. For $30, I tried to get my money's worth by eating 3 plates of crappy food. My friend, who is a local, was smart. She stopped after 1 plate. Actually, I don't think she finished her plate. Yes, it was that bad.
5	Pro: Best prime rib, large desert bar, large selection of cultural food.Con: Why is the buffet so so far away from the parking structure? Not as good as 3 years ago. I can recall my first time at Bellagio, I nearly lost my mind. My buddy and I almost had to be carried off in wheelchairs. 2 years later, after 5 hours (brunch, lunch, and dinner) of eating, another buddy and me didn't even know how we got back to San Diego. This place was the king in Las Vegas until the Wynn opened up. Not to claim this establishment is not worth your while, but do check out Wynn first.Weekend brunch is usally the bestbet then the dinner, try not to go there during lunch, since the selection is not as good then night time.
5	Best hotel buffet on the strip!! Better than the Wynn's (even with the gelato and candy apples), Mandalay Bay, Luxor, and Bally's. The beef wellington is SUPERb (my bro can't wait to try it)as is the carving station with prime rib and turkey. The desserts are great with a lot of quality selection.  Pastries are good as well. =) Happy eats! Can't wait to go back! About $50/per person-not sure if it's still that price. Last time I went was at least 2 years ago.
4	i absolutely loved the variety of foods they had there, this is the buffet that actually turned me on to duck...who would've knew a buffet had that much power! :) so good at there twice when i was in vegas, lunch and dinner...can't wait to return. price is also pretty decent for everything they have to offer.
4	great food, stay for the fountain show!
4	You have to go here if you want a buffet in Vegas! And I promise you, the wait is worth it!The meats and seafood in this place is what makes it all worth it. The lamb chops were exception, the prime rib is always delcious, the duck was tasty, and the beef wellington was special!My family and I went for New Year's and they even had lobster tail! How amazing is that! The usual though is king crab legs and fresh sushi (salmon and tuna nigiri, and they also have poke)*special note* if you are a big prime rib person though, the wynn buffet has better prime rib
5	Wow! I've been to quite a few buffets, but have to say this is the best one hands down!Kobe beef, lamb chops, lobster stuffed ravioli, filet mignon, alaskan crab legs...you name it!The desserts are absolutely delicious...make sure you try the flan and the cappucino desserts!There's so much food here you won't know where to start- and the best part it is all fresh!The value for the price is amazing...and if you're smart you will do what we did and come in at 3 PM..dinner starts at 4..so we got in for the brunch price of $23.95...started out eating very slowly and by 4PM when dinner started we were still hungry. If you're in the buffet when dinner starts you can enjoy the dinner menu at the lunch price. For $23.95 and all that food...this buffet is a steal! We learned about this get in at 3 pm trick from a fellow yelper..so thank you!
4	Arguably the best lunch buffet I've been to. Got the bottomless champagne lunch for about $28. Prime rib was good. Breakfast food was good. Service was excellent. Seafood was good. Dessert was so-so, but that's not as important for me. I need to try this place out for dinner though. From what I hear, dinner buffet may be the best on the strip.
5	I've been to the buffets at the Rio, Paris, Harrah's, Flamingo, Wynn, and think this is possibly my new favorite buffet. We went for brunch at 12pm on a Saturday afternoon. The line was long but moved pretty fast and we were seated in about 20 minutes. It was about $26/person with tax which is a little more expensive than the other buffets, but so worth it. The breakfast food was wonderful. Any place that doesn't microwave their bacon automatically gets 5 stars in my book. The bacon was cooked perfectly, and the eggs were amazing. I tried a little bit of almost everything (except for the pizza, pasta, and desserts) and can't find anything bad to say. The meat was outstanding, it wasn't dry or bland. The brown gravy was so good. Even the limited sushi rolls (crab and vegetarian) were good. I can't wait to come back for dinner!
4	The Bellagio Buffet isn't a deal--it's a STEAL. We had everything under the sun and it was just $35/person on a Friday night. We also didn't have face the hour-long line because we were happily willing to sit at the bar.My favorites were the assorted sashimi, ahi poke, and bluenose. Nothing was spectacular, but the selection was niceee. Prime rib, beef wellington, lobster ravioli, savory souffles--you name it, it's there. It just won't be the best you've ever had. But really, is anything in Vegas the best you've ever had? The city itself is a tacky, piecemeal replica of other cities.I'm going to try the Buffet at the Wynn next time I'm in LV, but this was the best buffet I've been to cost-benefit-wise by far.
4	This buffet is completely worth the price of admission. On the other hand, there's not really anything else I can tell you beyond what the other hundreds of Yelpers before me have already said.Oh, the keno is kind of a funny touch. Who the hell pays $20+ to gamble in such a boring format? Aren't you essentially just tacking extra money on to your buffet bill? Weird.
4	This buffet use to be one of my favorites on the strip. But I find myself skipping Bellagio and going straight to the Wynn. It does have a wide variety of food prepared very well. Price is comparable to the Wynn. I guess I just like the 'shiny" new stuff. I'm sure when a new 5-diamond hotel opens up, it'll replace the Wynn as my favorite.
1	So so disappointed. A winding road of food court quality eats not worth remembering. Asian section: Sushi rice balls made from a machine = hard lumps of cold rice, dry and limp noodles. Seafood section: small crab legs, cocktail shrimp, nothing special. Italian section: some dishes were ok, still Olive Garden at best. On the day I was there were also some "exotic" meats like elk, ostrich, cooked well but weren't too exciting.   Did not go back for seconds at all since nothing was good enough to repeat. Saved my appetite for desserts which was actually good. But I will never be back again. Thanks Bellagio!
4	So, since 40 Gabillion other people have already reviewed this buffet, I'll just go into my faves / disappointments very quickly.I think I expected something more, based on all the hype and hooplah.  But the Bellagio Buffet, in all its' glory, is still a BUFFET.  I don't know why I expected other, but I did.  That being said, it's a darn good buffet, with options that are not only not found at other buffets, but that a lot of people wouldn't get the chance to try elsewhere. (I doubt they serve Bluenose and Kobe Beef in, like, Iowa or whatever.)*****TIP*****  We arrived 15 minuted before the end of lunch / beginning of dinner.  We paid the lunch price, but feasted on the dinner goodies.  Just plan to spend 2+ hours.  It's fun to do this when you go with a group and can pass the time with a few drinks and some good conversation.The Not-So-Much:   I was SO unimpressed with their desserts.  I know I'm in the minority here, but we grabbed a Flan, which was inedible, a Chocolate Mousse Cake with Hazelnuts (weak flavor) and a Lemon bar of some sort.  That was the best of the bunch, and even it was meh.Also: The lamb was overcooked and chewey. (We like it rare, it was medium.)The Crab Legs:  They were like sponges, you could squeeze the water out of them. Gross.The Interesting:Roast QuailBluenose (Very similar to Seabass. See the "Awesome" seciton.)The Good:Scallop Ceviche.Seaweed Salad.Fresh Mozarella Pesto.Kobe Beef Sirloin (Flavorful but not tender.)The Awesome:Mashed Sweet Potatoes (With Ginger and Orange)Bluenose (They prepared it in various ways.  I had 3 helpings!)House-Cured Bacon (Think Smoked Pork Belly!  YUM!)Smoked Trout (It was amazing.)Salmon Nigiri (It was REALLY good. Definitely NOT Buffet Sushi Quality.)It was overall an impressive spread.  But the price is high, and it wasn't the supreme perfection that would make me not want to experience the Wynn, Carnival @ Rio, or Cravings @ the Mirage.
3	I am sorry to admit this but this buffet is a little bit overrated. The pre-cut crab legs ended up tasting weird and extra salty. The selection of food was decent but I don't have any lasting memories of it. I must say that in the Japanese sushi section they had hands down the best california roll I have ever had in my life. I might've thrown down at least 10 of them.I guess it's worth it to come here so that you can say you've had it, otherwise I would rather go to Wynn or Spice Market.
5	If you want the best King Crab you'll ever eat, conveniently split in half so you don't need to deal with the mess of crab, do not miss out on this Buffet.Go for the Sunday brunch, they've got everything, even a sushi bar. The sushi chefs will make you whatever you want, you just have to ask. Everything on the buffet is delicious, and the desserts are endless.Great prime rib, and even Venison.
3	I hadn't been to the Bellagio buffet in years, mainly bc 1) it's damn expensive (over $30) and 2) buffets make me feel disgusting.  As a general rule, I stay away from all-you-can-eat, but I made an exception bc my friend's company was expensing the dinner.  I'd really rather spend the money on a really good single entree.  As expected, there was a lot to choose from, although nothing really excited me.  I did learn that you can have them heat up your crab legs if you don't want them cold!  They had a variety of fish, some veggies, salads, some sushi, meats, etc. and a lot of desserts to choose from.  Stay away from the flan - it's gross.  The creme brulee was very good, as was the key lime tart.  The chocolate mousse had the consistency of water, though it tasted fine.  Surprisingly, what I liked the best was their bread, which is homemade.  They had my favorite - pretzel bread - and yummy mini baguettes, both of which I stuffed in my bag for later.  Oh, yes I did.  Go early (before 6 p.m.) bc when we got out an hour and a half later, there was a huge line.
1	The buffet was a HUGE disappointment. Mom kept going to the Bellagio from the Venetian to check on the buffet line (on both Saturday AND Sunday). She and Dad were expecting king crab and all sorts of other good things to eat, but there was nothing of the sort when we got into the buffet. At $27 per person, it's just not worth it. Add $6 for a glass of champagne for each person.There's an assortment of breakfast items such as: scrambled eggs that looked like they had been scraped off the floor and dumped into a bucket after someone had puked on them, greasy sausage links, bacon, a tasteless banana-hazelnut sandwich, mini waffles, muffins (sugar-free is NOT good, and Dad claimed that the sugar-"ful" version was alright) and pastries. There are also slices of smoked tuna and salmon (which weren't too bad), large shrimps, prime rib, mashed potatoes, gravy, corn, etc. It really surprised me that there was even some pretty stringy-looking chow mein there... it didn't taste too bad, though. Mom said that the fried rice was good, but after the first plate (which I only filled with five small lumps of food; Dad claimed I was making my own gourmet meal), I didn't want to go back for any more. Mom also advised not to drink any miso soup because it was pretty salty.Dad knew I'd make a beeline for the beautiful desserts (I waited until the second plate!). As pretty as they were, that was about it. There was a pear-chocolate layer cake (absolutely gorgeous), but it didn't taste like much.The waitresses were really friendly though, and were quick with bringing us drinks (champagne, cranberry juice, coffee, grapefruit juice, and orange juice).When we returned to the car, Mom asked me to "go on that site and give the Buffet an F". This one's for you, Mom!
4	Although pricey, I really enjoy the Bellagio buffet because their offerings are more creative, gourmet, and upscale than other buffets I've been to.  For example, they offered Kobe top sirloin when I was there, which was absolutely delicious.  They also had a station where they cooked-to-order a dish made of seafood, vegetables, and puff pastry with a cream sauce.  Other notable items were the pesto mashed potatoes and the lobster ravioli.  I also really like their pre-made salad station--I tried the one with mixed greens, pecans, cranberries, and a maple dressing, and it was so good that I would have been happy just eating that the whole time.  Their dessert selection is just out of this world, but unfortunately I was too full to try any!One downside for me was the price, which ended up being $45 after tax and gratuity (automatic 18% gratuity added for parties of 8 or more).  The other downside, which some may disagree with, is how they split the crab legs for you.  I, personally, like having the experience of working through crab legs.  When all the work had been done for you, you focus more on the taste of the crab which I found too salty.  Regardless, I still see myself coming back next time I come to Vegas.
2	"The buffet was a HUGE disappointment"- Angel H. Just saw her review and we went on the same day except I went for lunch.We arrived around 12:30 pm for lunch. They had NO prime rib, steak, or any other type of beef WTH? They had a HUGE assortment of just "meh" foods.I can say that the desserts were yummy. The Key Lime Tart, Bread Pudding, and Sorbet were all good.The name Bellagio made me think it was going to be a great feast. It was just "ok"
4	We came here for the mimosa brunch (even though it was well into the early afternoon) and I was kind of disappointed. Everything was good, but nothing really jumped out at me.
2	While nothing was particularly wretched, nothing was that amazing. While I do not expect everything at a buffet to be good, I just was not as impressed as I was at the Wynn. For some reason, I was irritated that the Bellagio had worse quality cloth napkins than all the other Vegas buffets, I just expect better at such a big-name institution. The pesto mashed potatoes were tasty, but it's hard to mess up pesto or mashed potatoes, and the desserts were yummy and aptly portioned. Bellagio offers more high-end items, but they are not particularly flavorful. Bellagio dinner is cheaper than the Wynn, and it shows that you get what you pay for.
5	I came here with my family at noon on a Saturday and we stood in line for at least 45 minutes.  (No surprise.)  We eventually got seated and the service was decent, could have been better.  (But hey, I'm here for the food!)  The food spread was great in that there was quality and variety.  You've got your seafood, your sushi (limited variety here), your meats, breakfast foods, pastries, fruits, salad bar, pastas, Chinese food, fruits, ice cream, mini cakes.  (I'm probably forgetting some, but you get the idea.)  I missed the dim sum that Cravings has but my family said that they had gone to Cravings the previous day and it was terrible in that they had gotten rid of a lot of stuff, such as the dim sum.  Disappointment!  The consensus among my family was that everyone was very happy with Bellagio.  I'll be back here.  Forget Cravings.
5	I felt that this buffet had more of a selection from the Wynn buffet. We went there on a Sunday afternoon and I liked all the selections from every culture. I'm definitely going back.
5	I've been to this buffet three times...breakfast, lunch, and weekend brunch...and it has been consistently top-notch. I have yet to be to any other buffet in vegas because I keep wanting to go here, so I have nothing to compare it with...but I can't see buffets getting much better than this. They have a ton of top quality items that I feel safe eating and knowing I won't be paying for it later. Yes...the Maalox can stay in the travel case for today. A little more $$$ compared to the other buffets...but a better value given the food available...plus its a friggin buffet...you eat til you feel you get your money's worth
5	I never thought I would say this about a non-romantic meal, but IT WAS TOTALLY WORTH $40! For one, the wait was short (for a Las Vegas Buffet on a Friday night), at around 15 minutes. And then the food...I am gonna have to make another roadtrip to LV, just sayin'. This time I will not plan to go clubbing after dinner. Oh it was painful (every bop, every sip of champagne), plus I don't think I even maxed out my stomach space.My favorites of the night included grilled veggies (http://static1.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/k4l1M4GEfqHvS7eh0leAGQ/l), pumpkin couscous, Chilean Sea Bass (this inspired me to cook my own inferior Chilean Sea Bass upon my return home), and the succulent fresh shrimp (http://static1.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/RwGvwSnjuOLa9AWaxU3wSg/l). I love how they cut the crab lengthwise (sooo convenient) though the taste was a bit too fishy for me. They had tasty sushi too (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujHiaprwCQ5ewziu0Vi9rw?select=k4l1M4GEfqHvS7eh0leAGQ).We finished off with an array of cute little desserts. Mmmm...creme brulee and apricot mousse...(http://static1.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/QDR6bbOBfTSaQj_vExRYdA/l)
5	WOW. This buffet was incredible.We'd had a fairly late lunch so ended up getting to the Bellagio (after several recommendations) about 9.45pm for the late sitting. We had to wait about 10mins before we were seated. Interestingly enough we had a couple tell us to not bother on their way out. They seemed disappointed. We decided to go with it nonetheless, as we were tired and wanted to eat!After being seated we grabbed out plates and went to investigate. What range! There is so much to suit all tastes.  I'd had a seafood urge all day so grabbed a plate full of great cold and hot fish and seafood optionis including crab leg, sushi, bbq cod, risotto etc. It was all tasty and fresh. They had great dimsum too, albeit just one type of dumpling.Where I was truly blown away by this buffet was the meat options. We went all out and between us we had beef wellington, rack of lamb, beef brisket, steak, duck, turkey, roast beef and chicken. I'm sure there were other options too.Highlight of the buffet for me was the duck combined with the sweet potato mash. Incredible.I'd recommend going later if you don't have huge plans for that night. We seemed to have a much greater range of options than suggested by other reviews and we didn't have to wait long at all.
5	By far the best buffet I've ever been to for the price ($35 w/o drinks). If i wasn't carnivorous, I'd almost feel guilty about all the animals that had to be slaughtered to bring such diversity to the selection.
5	If I could give  this review 10 I would! Both times I've eaten at the Bellagio Buffet have been for Brunch. The first time was amazing but the second blew my mind into a different galaxy. Let me tell you why!For five bucks extra you can indulge in the unlimited champagne during Brunch. Last memorial day me and about 30 of my old college friends decided to reserve three tables and let the champagne makes us even more ridiculous.Champagne aside they serve fillet Mignon for breakfast! I find it very difficult to find Eggs Benedict at a regular breakfast joint but the Bellagio Brunch will make you cry tears of joy. They have crab legs and buckets upon buckets of shrimp. The desserts are rich and plentiful as well as the exotic fruit .The service was great and we stayed until they served sushi for Lunch. The only downpart was when the manager cut me and the remaining 6 friends off and would not allow us to drink any more.I've made plans to go again and will be ready to feast away!
2	Came here on a Friday for the Gourmet buffet hoping for some better quality food.  The wait was not very long, probably around 5min since we got there around 5pm. There wasn't much sashimi at the sushi bar (have to ask them for salmon sashimi), but the bf enjoyed the spicy tuna and poke. The sea bass I had was average, definitely not as good as when we make it at home, and the piece of bluenose I had was completely dry. The veal was not bad, fell off the bone easily enough.  The one thing that really killed this whole meal for me was the kobe beef. I saw my bf get a piece and thought I would give it a try, but the piece I got was sooo rare in the center that it was still bleeding.  My bf assured me it was still edible and so I did give it several bites, but the taste pretty much killed my appetite for any other kinds of meat for the night.  So I ate two more plates of dessert since I figure they should be harmless.  The creme brulee and chocolate covered strawberries were my favorites. To top it all off, within 5min of leaving the buffet I had to immediately look for a bathroom.  It may just be me and that my stomache cannot handle rare meat but there's no way I can give it a decent mark since I basically flushed $38 down the toilet so soon after eating here.
3	Disappointed with the food selection. Other buffet restaurants are much better than this one. Not worth it for the amount of money we spent. The crews were friendly though.
2	I was excited to check out their bottomless champagne brunch here. Champagne brunch is on Sat & Sun and just a few additional dollars to your bill.  Checked it out with a bunch of my amigas, and have to say I wasn't impressed.We all know that buffet food isn't stellar, but being the Bellagio I thought it would be a bit better. Most of the food was either over or under salted. Nothing really stuck out. OMG - Sushi was really bad. Very dry and all rice!  Desserts were so-so and nothing really stood out.  The only good part was all the champagne and a great wait staff. Otherwise..Your run of the mill buffet. The food looks pretty but the taste isn't there.Definitely find the Rio Buffet (Carnival One) or Paris has much better food options.  Food presentation isn't the greatest but you'll be happy with the taste.
4	This bread is from le cirque! Or at least tastes and looks the same. That was the best part for me. They had a whole bread section and it was amazing. This buffet is HUGE. I decided to go on what i called a "fishing trip!" I grabbed a bite from each of the 7 fish dishes they had. None of them where amazing but they where all good. And then I was too full to try anything else.We managed to sneak in with no line but as with most vegas casino buffets there going to be a line during meal times.This is the best buffet I have tried in vegas.
4	** AYCE at a Reduced Price makes me a Happier Person **If you are frequent visitor to Las Vegas, the chances is that you probably tried the Buffet at Bellagio.  If I remembered correctly, they used to charge close to $50/person for their dinner buffet, but I might be wrong since it's been a while since I did an AYCE @ Las Vegas.Anyways... I went on a Saturday wherein they charge $36 for a gourmet dinner.  They have the usual... Salad, pasta, Chinese, Japanese, blah blah blah.  I tried a little bit of everything, they all taste good, but couldn't resist stopping by the meat section for another serving of the lamb everytime I passed by.  It was absolutely delicious.OVERALL:Yes, I ate my money's worth at Bellagio, and will probably regret my decision to go all-out at another AYCE location in a few days.  *sigh*
4	I've tried most of the buffets in Vegas thanks to a diamond club member friend, but unfortunately, Bellagio's on the MGM side of Vegas empire, so I haven't had a chance yet. So I was determined to try it this time. I went for lunch which costed about $25/person. At first I was slightly disappointed because the buffet looked smaller compared to Wynn's. But as I made a round around the buffet, Bellagi's proved to have twice as much selection of food compared to Wynn's. Where as Wynn's buffet looks big, the food are repeated. Bellagio's don't have stations where the food is repeated. I'd rate Bellagio's and Rio's to be on the same level, which is at the very top of all buffets in Las Vegas. If you're planning for that one night of just stuffing your mouth, go to Rio's or Bellagio's buffet, you won't be disappointed.
3	3-stars, and I feel like that's sorta generous for the Bellagio buffet.I had been to the buffett at Bellagio years ago for brunch and didn't recall it sticking out as extraordinary but didn't remember it being bad either. We stay at Bellagio regularly but for some reason I hadn't been back to the buffet until this last trip. I wasn't too impressed. The line was fairly long, which is fine, but as we got closer to the front we could see tons of tables and it seemed like they were purposely keeping the line long. Perhaps they do that to make it more appealing to passers-by "oh it must be good, look at the line!"The food selection was plentiful, if you can't find something to eat given all the choices there's something wrong with you. I love prime rib and it was tastey but the slices were pretty small. They had some good mushroom ravioli going on and the vegies were nice and fresh. So I will say the entree was good, both plates worth....The desserts were surprisingly bad. None of us in our group liked the dessert. It should be noted that we are not food snobs by any stretch and we enjoy a good dessert as much as the next person. BUT, when going to a buffet in an establishment the caliber of Bellagio I'd expect the desserts to knock my socks off. They didn't. The portions were very small, the selection was pretty skimpy and we all commented that the textures were odd and the desserts were all flavorless. What a let down.
5	The Buffet at Bellagio breaths life into you like nothing else can.  Thank you for introducing me to pesto mashed potatoes.
3	I love the Bellagio, but not a fan of their buffet.  I only went because I got comped the meal.  Went for a dinner on Sunday.  I headed straight for the crab legs, and was quickly disappointed when most of them were still really cold with ice covering the meat.  I avoided all the salad, pizza, bread, and other cheap items.   I tried to focus on mostly the more costly items.  The sushi was about average.  Good enough for a buffet, but not near good enough for decent sushi restaurant.  Most of the meats I ate were just average as well.  If I would have ordered any of these items at a restaurant as an individual meal, I would have sent it back.  I know you can't expect great quality at a buffet, but I thought the Bellagio would have been nicer.  Pastas and all the side dishes I tried were good.  And the desserts were pretty tasty.
5	Normally I do not condone binging until you pass out in a food coma...oh no wait...I LOVE gorging myself on food!  And the Belllagio's buffet was the perfect place to break out my stretchy pants and devour towers of food.The wait was about an hour long, but I have yet to go anywhere in Vegas without a line.  Wait it out, man.  Be patient.  That pile o' stuff you are going to shovel in your mouth takes time and craftmanship.  We paid 25 bucks or so for the brunch buffet (5 bucks more for bottomless champagne, which I wouldn't recommend unless you want to get wasty-face). I made 3 overflowing plates of everything and anything you could imagine.  I had delicious greasy pizza, pasta, quinoa salad, huge strawberries, chow mein, pesto mashed potatoes (Uhmmm AWESOME), curried duck, cheesecake, eggs benedict, sausage, french toast...holy moly, did I actually eat all that?  Yes.  Yes I did.  Thinking about is is making me drool.I just can't fathom a higher-quality buffet than the Bellagio.  Seriously delicious.
4	Long line - but totally worth it.  They had endless options for food. Made-to-order omelettes, pancakes, french toast, bacon, sausage, and my favorite part was lots of fresh berries... HUGE, sweet strawberries most importantly! We ordered the champagne beakfast, and paid abot $60 for the two of us, so it was not cheap, but I left full and satisfied... Not to mention, they served gourmet desserts for breakfast. The cheese cake and tiramisu were divine!
4	This is the best buffet in Vegas (that I've tried).  I mean, I'm giving it 4 stars, and i hate bueffets.  So it must mean something.  The food is not superior.  But it is good for a buffet.  It has sushi (yum) and is definitely more gourmet than any other buffet that i've tried.  At the end of the day though, it's still just a buffet... which means the food stays out too long and its mass produced.  It's a solid 3.5 to 4 star place.  if you think you're going to have a gastronomical orgasm here, you're mistaken.  Try Fleur De Lys in the Mandalay if you want the best dining experience in Vegas. and for the best meat... go to lawry's off the strip. hands down the best prime rib on the planet.
2	I ate here in Nov of 2009 and again earlier this year. The buffet really has gone down hill from when I use to go when it first opened.The food was just okay and didnt think the shrimp, crap legs, and various meats were anything to write home about. And for about 30$ I think i would rather eat somewhere else where there is a menu and I can just order a few things from the menu and share with friends. The dessert was ok.I am not coming back here.
5	Simply. Amazing.We went an hour before dinner started, paid the $25 lunch price and sat for three hours so we managed to eat lunch AND dinner for the price of lunch. If you the same kind of endurance like I do, go for it!Expect to wait in line for about 30 to 45 minutes but it's so worth it. You also have the option of all you drink champagne for an additional $5. But once you're seated thay usually keep the drinks like juice, soda and water coming and they're included in the price you pay up front.The food.  The glorious glorious food is basically a myriad of carbohydrates and starch and protein matching in complexity the taste of just about every carnal adventures you've experienced in your mouth. Hands down nothing beats the Bellagio in quality except maybe the Wynn. Between the Wynn and Bellagio are a close give and take in competition. My obsessions at the buffet: the FAT chocolate covered strawberries, sweet potato mashed potatoes, mussels, pesto shrimp pizza, ALL the desserts, beef wellington.Check out the cool chocolate sculptures by the dessert bar. I also want to. Mention the awesome customer service both at the table and buffet. Everyone was very friendly and charming. Go really hungover and hungry after a night of debauchery to fulfill the gluttony and sloth part of your Vegas trip.
4	I haven't been to the Bellagio buffet in years. But after eating the buffet at the Wynn so many times, I thought it might be time for a change. And I was right!We came for Sunday brunch, which is about $26 after tax. You can also get champagne for about $4 more. They had prime rib, leg of lamb, bacon, and turkey at the carving stations and an omelet station. The highlights for me, were the prime rib, Chilean sea bass (curiously mislabeled as Florida Wahoo), and the polenta.The desserts we're also very good, but nothing really stood out for me.Props also to our server who was very attentive during our 3 hour feeding frenzy.Pro-tip: The dinner switch off is at 4 PM, get in before 4 and pay lunch price to get the dinner only items like king crab legs!
3	The crab legs were definitely bad, with an awful pneumonia taste when biting down on it.Sadly, all the other food was excellent, but having some bad crab legs ruins the entire experience.
4	I went at 3:30pm so I was able to enjoy both their lunch and dinner offerings, since dinner began at 4pm!  Also, there was no line to get in.I particularly enjoyed the kobe beef top sirloin (dinner only) but was a little dismayed by how rare my cut was.  The veal osso bucco was excellent and tender, the meat was very soft and well-flavored.  The paella was also delicious but a little runny.  There was a large selection of grilled/baked/steamed/what have you fish filets, including tilapia, salmon, and cod.  I particularly liked their cod.  The sushi selection is limited, featuring only the usual suspects you'd see anywhere that serves sushi and nigiri.  No eel :(As for the snow crab legs, they were cold (but aren't they cold everywhere?).  My only real complaint is that they were kind of too salty.  I didn't gorge on those like I normally do at buffets, but that's fine since I was saving room for dessert.The dessert selection was impressive.  Not only was it vast but the pre-plated desserts were actually complex and innovative, not just variations on yellow cake.  The banana walnut cake was a sleeper hit -- it was amazing and actually distinguished itself from a banana walnut muffin that I'm so used to eating.  The tirimisu had a real alcoholic kick, which I liked.  The miniature ice cream cones filled with vanilla or dark chocolate cremes were delicious -- bonus points to the vanilla one because its cone is lined with nutella on the inside.  As for the un-plated desserts, like bread pudding and bananas foster, I did not try them.  They appeared to be forgotten and unappealing since that section of the dessert bar was not even lighted... o.O Overall I was satisfied with eating at The Big B.  The wait staff was friendly and attentive, checking up regularly and bringing us our drinks in a timely manner.  Entree foods that aren't supposed to be oily were not oily -- nothing was heavier than it should be.  So many buffets have trouble with this, but Bellagio's does not.  I was glad to be able to try everything I wanted to try before my stomach got stuffed!
4	Now this is what I call a meal. After eating lunch at the disappointment that was Pho at TI, I was definitely ready for some real food. The Bellagio buffet has been known to be one of the best buffets in Vegas. I don't think I've been here for dinner so I was pretty excited. My first surprise was actually the price. $45 for dinner is pretty hefty, even for a buffet, but I just thought of that as a challenge to eat my worth of king crab legs and meat for the price of entrance. After we were seated, I went straight for the king crab legs, which always seems to be in season here. They were good as always and I probably polished off a dozen or so. Moving on, I skipped all the other food sections and went straight for the carving station. Tonight, they had rack of lamb, ostrich, and roasted duck breast. The rack of lamb lollipops were definitely the highlight of the meal. They were cooked perfectly and the taste was fancy restaurant quality. I think I finished half a dozen of those before trying some ostrich and the duck breast. The duck breast was also very flavorful, but the meat was actually a little bit on the tough side. There were also a ton of other dishes that were quite impressive. I had an affinity for the mushroom ravioli with truffle essence, which was a winner over the lobster ravioli. The cocktail shrimp and smoked salmon were also my winners. I think the other only thing I remember that was good was the tiny ramekin with mac and cheese. The one thing that I was disappointed by was dessert. The offerings were just not that impressive and they didn't even have real ice cream. Soft serve isn't acceptable at a buffet as nice as Bellagio's. I will say that I did enjoy the sour cream cheesecake, which was probably my favorite out of the group. My impression for dinner was that it was good for a buffet, but it could have been a bit better.
5	Well worth the $28 for dinner. Everything was awesome. We liked the different varieties of fish here. Long line but was real quick. We will definitely be going back.
3	Man the wait for the buffet on a Saturday morning was pretty long, about 45 minutes and we all had empty stomachs from the night before! The day before we had eaten at the Wynn and I was up for a buffet comparison test! Bellagio's interior decor was far lacking as compared. It isn't as fancy, but rather comfortable. I think this was more family friendly, if that's a concern. Service was more attentive though.Selection doesn't include as wide of a variety as Wynn, but maybe that's because we encountered most of the American breakfast items like french toast, pancakes, eggs, etc. Again, food was simply average. My hangover did appreciate the congee =).  My friend like this more than Wynn, I like Wynn more than Bellagio. But the Studio B Buffet inside the M (Hendersen) wins my heart.
4	If you are going to do a breakfast buffet in Vegas, and if your in Vegas you should do it once (at least) this is the one. Everything on this buffet line is more like non-buffet quality. All of the food was very fresh and well prepared, with choices galore ( 4 fresh cut meats, including fresh cut bacon). We will certainly return to this buffet at Bellagio.
4	Came here for Sunday brunch with my honey and must say this had to be the largest array of food ever for a buffet.. It had EVERYTHING from breakfast to dinner choices.. It was perfectly priced and I about a touch of everything from sushi to shrimp to lamb to beef! I was so stuffedwill i bet back.. heck yea!!only minus was the line is HORRENDOUSLY long.. should have more tables or expand the buffet seating..
3	Came here this morning for breakfast. C and I really contemplated not going after seeing the line, but it was moving fairly quickly so we jumped in. We were standing in line for about 10 minutes when one of the workers came up to us and said that she had two spots available at the bar if we would rather sit there right now. We weren't about to turn it down, so we ducked under the partition and followed her.Sat down at the corner of the bar, and the bartender came over right away and was really friendly. I ordered my hangover staple, the bloody mary, while C stuck to water (although he gave in and ordered one later). I will say that I have had entirely too many bloody mary's and this is in my top 5. So that's definitely a plus (even though they were $11 a piece).We were there right around 10:15am, so it was pretty busy. The chef was making some french toast, but I didn't really feel like waiting so I just grabbed some waffles, sausage, bacon, and fresh fruit. Everything was decent. Nothing to write home about though. C had a made-to-order veggie omelette which he said was delicious.They had lots of options. The good thing was that they had different sections (fruit, hot foods, pastries, omelettes, etc) so that made it a bit easier to peruse the items depending on what I was hungry for.They were having issues with their credit card machine, so it kind of took a little while to get out of there once we were done eating, but that's not really their fault. The manager came out to the bar quickly and was apologetic, and ran the cards on a different machine.We are planning on going back to try dinner before making a final verdict on this place!
4	Pros:The crab legs are already pre-cut. Yay for no painful and tedious shell-cracking for small pieces of crab meat.Great omlettes!Really good for breakfast.LOVED the dessert.Cons:Overpriced.Not enough variety.Would love to go again.....if it wasn't $35.00.
1	Oh man was this place nasty. I went with a group of friends for a weekday dinner buffet (on a Thursday night). NONE of us found anything that we liked to eat and we left feeling unsatisfied and not even full! A lot of the food tasted over-salted but it was especially noticeable in the crab legs. It was nice that they were pre-cut, but was it really necessary to pour a whole shaker of salt on it?? One of my friends unfortunately got food poisoning at the buffet, most likely from the sushi (the only thing he ate that we didn't) which spoiled our evening because he needed to be near a bathroom.I was VERY upset at their dessert selection. All of the cream/mousses tasted watered down, everything had the wrong texture or taste and there was only one decent dessert. It was this nutella in a cone with some orange on it. But it is pretty hard to go wrong when there's nutella. Even though the price was decent for a dinner buffet, with other buffet options available in vegas, Bellagio's dinner buffet is definitely not worth trying.
4	I dragged my friends to the Bellagio buffet because it was rated one of the best buffets in vegas.  After a torturous 45 min wait, we finally got a table.  The selection was all right.  We went to the Bally's buffet earlier in the week because some locals claimed it was the best bang for the buck.  So I was looking forward to a higher end buffet.  The selection was much better than Bally's.  My favorites were the kobe beef, lamb, crab legs, and the Chinese lo mein.  My friends claimed the kobe beef was on the salty side but it was pretty good by my standards.  Nothing really blew me away.  The sushi selection was disappointing.  I liked how they cracked open the king crab legs.  Less work.  I thought the dessert selection was pretty nice.  The chocolate chip on top of my cheesecake had Bellagio written on it.  Amused me for a second.  The Bellagio buffet was all right.  I was debating whether it deserves 3 stars or 4.  If I could I would give it a 3.5, but I'll be nice and round up to 4.  Next time I will try the Wynn.
4	The ONLY reason this buffet gets 4 stars is because I cannot eat cold crab legs.  Other than that, I've been to Bellagio 5 times in the past 3 years while on vacation.  It is pricey if you go during the weekends when they serve their "gourmet" dinner.  I liked their dinner selection because it was very impressive and the selection is great.  The food is fresh and clean.What I liked best was their lunch selection.  It was only $20, but yet you get almost the same selection of food that you would during dinner.  I was so stuffed from eating lunch that I passed on even dinner.  The dessert selection was awesome.I've been to Mandalay Bay, Wynn, and I'd have to say this is the best as far as overall selection.  If you are specifically a crab legs eater, then you will get bang for your buck at Mandalay Bay.
5	This is my absolute fave buffet in vegas! I walk around aimlessly just piling food on my plate. I go up for seconds and even thirds and fourths of the same damn foods! it's THAT good. The Wynn buffet is definitely a LOSE buffet compared to Bellagio's, and it's a few bucks more. My friends and I always go to Bellagio for the buffet when we're in vegas, and that's all we eat for the day cuz we're absolutely stuffed afterwards! It's our breakfast, lunch, dinner, and midnight snack.
4	I came back for dinner on a Tuesday and the line was out of control...we probably were waiting for a good hour. However, for some reason, the Bellagio bartenders love me and once again my friend and I were pulled out of line and asked if we wanted to sit at the bar. If someone asks if you ever want to sit at the bar, DO IT. Or you can wear heels, as that's the reason the bartender gave me when I asked how she picks people out of line.I went for about 3 rounds (meat, sushi/crab, dessert) and was fully stuffed. The Kobe beef was great, as was the prime rib. I'm a little impartial to lamb as I think my mother makes the best lamb ever, but it was still decent. The crab legs were ok, although I'm not necessarily a fan of chilled crab legs. I couldn't find any butter to save my life, and of course once I was done eating the guy next to me sat down with a big ass bowl of melted butter. Of course.The desserts were delightful, I had a couple of their white chocolate cones, a chocolate cake with peanut butter stuff in it, and their key lime tart. I can't eat cheesecake, but they looked good as well.The price is good for a high-line buffet, so I've got no complaints there. And there was definitely no shortage of food. So I raise my earlier review up a star, but would recommend going for lunch/dinner instead of breakfast...breakfast isn't really worth it in my opinion. Then again, I'm not the biggest fan of breakfast.
4	I know I am adding to the pile, so I'll keep it brief.  I've been to a lot of buffets, including many on the strip.  This is the best on the strip.Pros:-Interesting items (quail, green curry duck, Kobe roast, I could go on).-The best creme brulee.-Drawn butter to go with the crab.-Everything is well prepared and seasoned, from the meats to the salads.-Attentive, friendly waiters/bussers.Cons:-Crab is cold and salty.  I am from an area where fresh Dungeness is easy to come by, so I'm a little spoiled, but yuck.-Always a long line (when I've been there).Definitely worth a visit.  For those who complain about the price, it's probably a difference of about $4 between here and Harrahs.  Panhandle the $4 before you make that choice!
5	No other buffet tops it! It's worth every penny ($35.00/person)! Once u see the selection you don't even know where to begin. Leave room for dessert, there's 50,000 to choose from!
2	Disappointing.  Although the choices were plentiful, the hot food was cold and too greasy.
5	When it comes to Vegas, this has to be my most favorite buffet yet. So I finally gambled for the first time with my $25 Grazie credit, which came with my suite package for The Venetian and luckily I won $55. With that said I wanted to eat somewhere nice on my last day in Vegas so my girlfriend and I went looking for a buffet and a lot of people suggested to go to this one. The wait was not long at all and I think the price was a little over $22. That's definitely worth it already if you really put into consideration where you're eating. They have so many different stations, and everything I ate was beyond rich in flavor. My favorites were the Bleu Cheese Pasta, which had Chicken and Sun Dried Tomatoes!!! EXCELLENT!!! I also loved their cutting station which had Kalbi beef. I've never been to a buffet that had a cutting station that served that and it was one of the tastiest meats I've ever tasted. They also have: -A soup station which had four different soups, can't remember off the top of my head... Miso was definitely one of them... -Italian, which had you Pizzas and Pastas. Every pasta I tried was really tasty. -They have the cutting station which I mentioned earlier. -They have an excellent salad station. Their selection of add-ons is one of the biggest I've ever seen. -They have freshly made sliders (mini burgers) at their grilling station. You can choose from beef or turkey sliders. Beside that are the extras you can put in like condiments and vegetables. -They have a mini-bakery section with different breads like white, sourdough, wheat. -They also had a build your own sandwich station. I had one with some exotic Italian deli meat. I forgot what it was called but it was muy delicioso. -They also have an Asian foods section. -A seafood section, which has a whole section dedicated to shrimp. I LOVE SHRIMP!!! -They have a gigantic dessert station which has the greatest Strawberry Tarts I've ever had in my life. I usually hate tarts because I hate anything that's beyond sweet, but these I genuinely love. They have lots of chocolate and fruity goodies, as well as a soft serve yogurt station. The service was excellent. Our waitress had a whole section to herself and she was on top of it all!!! Even though Cherry Coke wasn't on the menu she actually brought me a coke and and mini cup of Cherry Grenadine so that I can put as much as I want!!! The chef at the cutting station already remembered me the third time around and already knew what to give me without me having to ask. This is the most amazing buffet I've ever been to. Most buffets rush whatever they cook but you can tell that their chefs do put love into the food that they make. The best part about all this is I honestly felt that they could have charged more yet they kept it at a relatively low price for a hotel of its stature. Next time I'm in Vegas I'm going to make sure I eat here at least once!!!
4	Really good food for a reasonable price !!!!Cons : long long long line to wait.......specially on Sundays brunchDont forget to try the french toast sandwich with hazelnut and bananas!!!!! delicious!!!!
4	One word: Chilean SeabassVery friendly staff; we were amazed by our waitress who refilled our drinks and took all our plates with a smile on her face. If you knew how many plates we went through, you'd be amazed as well. Then there was the manager who saw my disappointment that the fresh strawberries had been put away and brought out a large bowl of strawberries just for me (also with a smile on her face).Sure, the crab legs had dark spots on them. And might've tasted like ammonia. But everything else was great!Wynn used to be my go-to buffet, but I think it's not enough better than Bellagio to justify the price. And they don't even have Chilean Seabass.So at the $20-30 price point, Bellagio is the place to go!
3	My first visit to the Bellagio was 6 years ago and I was blown away at the variety and quality of the food.  Came here for Sunday brunch and while everything was pretty good, it was not nearly the experience as the first time -- but what is?  We waited an hour and a half for a table.  Service was good - however, they were starting to turn over for dinner and the sushi bar and seafood station was quickly disappearing.   Had we arrived later there would have been nothing. The pesto mashed potatoes deserve 5 stars.  Can't wait to try that at home.  Will try the Wynn next time.
4	I Love this buffett, its up there with Wynn and Planet Hollywood... The duck for lunch for incredible.  We also got a free double shot of patron at the bar.... I used my players card when I gambled at the Bellagio so I got a couple free buffett passes which was pretty sweet.  All in all evverything was very very good I will go here everytime I'm in Las Vegas....simply delicious....
5	This is definitely one of the best buffets i have ever been to.  It's a must if you are in Vegas.  I prefer this over Wynn because they have more to offer for less. The food selection is amazing, all perfectly prepared, great atmosphere and very friendly staff.  Don't be discouraged if you see the long lines, it's so worth the wait.  Make sure to save room for desserts, the creme brulee is to die for!!!
3	UMM, can you say overrated? Either the people who rated highly of this buffet had not eaten at any other buffets in Vegas or they had a really off night when I came in!THEY DEDICATE 1/4 OF THE BUFFET TO BREAD FOR GOODNESS SAKE! A $40 per person buffet that does this, really? The best thing I had here was the california roll and that was only because they used real crab meat in it! The service was also very good but that was because we sat at the bar. Can someone tell me what's so special about this buffet? If your response is prime rib, cold shrimp or crab, I have news for you  - EVERY BUFFET IN VEGAS OFFERS THESE ITEMS! & THEY WON'T CHARGE YOU $40 TO GET THEM!Here are some buffets that definitely tops the Bellagio: #1 Rio Carnival World Buffet, #2 Rio Seafood Buffet, #3 Wynn Buffet!
5	While I can't say I've been to all of the buffets in Vegas, this is definitely my favorite so far.  There's just something about the quality of the food that makes it stand out and makes the price worth it to me.  No other buffet in Vegas that I've been to compares so far (I haven't tried the Wynn yet though).  Last week while here on vacation, I had the most delicious experience yet.  The salad section was amazing, the selection of hot foods is great, I specifically loved the Italian section that they had that night.  The carving stations were also really good.  I had the turkey and lamb and was not disappointed!  I also thoroughly enjoyed the dessert section.  Can't wait to go back the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	+ $20.00 for their lunch menu. friendly staff, they happily accommodated our party of 6waitress was awesome and came around often to pick up our plates and refill our drinksLiked their pasta dishes. -Food was kind of bland. Not very many choices. The desserts were a big, which is nice, but then if you're just trying to get a taste of a few you end up throwing away most of it. Didn't feel like there was enough variety.
2	Good food but huge wait in line. I joined the players club the day of and they gave me a comp line pass but otherwise it was a 2 hour wait for a $30 plus dollar buffet. IT was fun once but I wouldent go there again. Oh yeah and the drunk highschool kids next to me made it soo much fun, I have never seen christian highschool boys talk soo much about hookers =)
4	This is the best buffet I've been to in Las Vegas, hands down.  It's a little bit more expensive than some of the others that are nearby (perhaps by $4 or $5 if you're going for lunch), but it's well worth spending the extra few dollars.I think the most important thing to mention about this buffet is their obvious emphasis on quality over quantity.  Sure, there aren't nearly as many options to choose from here as there are at the Carnival World Buffet or even at the Spice Market Buffet... but the care they put into preparing everything they serve is totally obvious.  There is not a single thing I ate here that I would not have ordered (and been fully satisfied with) as a stand-alone entree at a sit-down restaurant.The meats at the carving station were nothing short of divine (they had the only moist, non-dried-out turkey I found on a carving station all week), the sliders were actually really good, my boyfriend loved the BBQ chicken and red onion pizza, the pasta dishes were great, and the desserts - OMG THE DESSERTS - were fan-freaking-tastic.  Is that a soft-serve ice cream machine on the dessert bar?  No, no... it's actually got raspberry and peach sorbet inside.  Those eclairs are definitely going to be mushy and previously frozen, right?... oh, no, no... they're moist, delicious, and full of chocolate cream.Get it?  The desserts are awesome.Why 4 stars instead of 5?  The waitress was efficient enough, but she was a little on the surly side (she was actually my least favorite server I had at any restaurant or buffet during my entire vacation).If you visit a single buffet during your trip to Las Vegas, I'd highly recommend that you make it The Buffet at Bellagio.  You're not likely to be disappointed.
2	The last time I went to the Bellagio buffet was back in 2007. I can honestly say the quality has went down hill drastically. We went for the weekend brunch on a saturday afternoon. I expected some really good food since I remembered really enjoying it before and even compared it higher to the Wynn. The selection was very low at the items were not as high quality as many of the yelpers mentioned. For brunch, they had regular buffet fare, breakfast foods, pancakes, eggs, potatoes, waffles, french toast, omlette station. This type of food is being served at any buffet and there's nothing special. I noticed they had 2 breakfast stations which makes the selection even smaller.Sushi..california rolls, and vege rolls. C'mon guys, if you want to be a top player, serve some more specialized rolls. California rolls are too common nowadays at the buffets in vegas, please serve them with something more special such as tempura, salmon tempura, yellow tail tuna, albacore to make it really "stand" out from the competition.Soups...mushroom and chicken noodle. another "average" selection.Meats, turkey, roast beef, and lamb, pretty standard again.Seafood, there was no crab legs for the weekend brunch which I thought was stranged.Bottom line, if you want just an over priced average brunch, Bellagio is the winner. They don't even have real ice cream, it comes from a frozen yogurt machine. I had a wayyy better brunch at one of the Station casinos off the strip.
4	Our first buffet of our trip, so it's gotta be good, right? Cuz you haven't gotten tired of the buffet yet...Anyhow, it's got huge selections. Food quality is good, service is alright. But you just dont feel like you're dining in a 5 star hotel. For lunch, it's $19.99/person, which is not bad at all. But kids pay full price... I was surprised they dont give discount for kids... at Wynn you get half off for kids under 12. Again, the food is pretty good. Nothing too memorable, just your typical buffet in Vegas, probably better than most places, but I have to say Wynn's buffet is a lot better, even though you pay a bit more. The most impressive section of the entire buffet is their dessert section. The cheesecakes are superb!
4	The seeming gold standard by which all buffets are judged stands the Buffet at Bellagio.The food is a little higher end, with items such are roasted lamb, paella, honey glazed slab bacon, and gourmet pizza, along with the usual suspects such as prime rib, roasted turkey, and made to order omelettes, waffles, etc.All food is well prepared, and service is great.The only thing disappointing at the Bellagio is their desserts.  Although they look high end, the taste leaves something to be desired.
2	The Bellagio buffet has gone down hill.  The food quality and variety was ok.  The service was slow.  It used to be much better several years ago.  The empoyees looked unhappy, and unethusiastic.  It showed in the way they worked and dealt with customers.  I won't be going back anytime soon.
5	Went to brunch buffet on Saturday for $23.95. How can you go wrong? Most amazing food ever. Had to wait in line for 45mins-1hr, but it was totally worth it. Very few of the other buffets offer brunch... only other option was Wynn at $32. Bellagio was totally worth it, and I would go again.
3	There pizza is really good have many sorts BUT for paying 26 something a person I wouldn't go back for it.The food over all was eh, nothing was GREAT really the desserts were boring.. Not impressed.
4	Their dinner was okay .. but their breakfast is phenomenal. All I ate there were scrambled eggs, white rice, canadian bacon, and some chinese broccoli and I was extremely pleased. They also had an oatmeal bar where you can top it with pecans, brown sugars, and raisins. You can't get oatmeal through room service, but you can get it here! My Fiance loves smoked salmon and had plates of it and he loved it. For the price - $17 (includes tax) you couldn't really beat it for everything they offered.
2	It's quite a standard to have fresh shrimp cocktales, but there were no crab what so ever. Other hot dishes are typical, I don't feel like I see anything flavorful and unique, as you can see, I really don't remember it after eating there twice already.Sad to say, but I'm not eating for the looks, I'm eating for the flavors.
2	Didn't live up to it's expectations. Food was boring and wait staff was disorganized. Go to the Wynn.
3	More like 3 1/2. Went there for breakfast. The price was very reasonable.. $15.95/person. I REALLY liked their biscuits and gravy. Their eggs were ok.. looked watery. My husband said the omelettes were good.Overall, I'd come back.
4	Ahi tunaMac n cheeseSushiPastaThat's what I remember having here.  Bellagio's buffet is the best around town.  I've been to Planet Hollywood and Wynn, and they don't compare.  I really like how they set up the food, and the selection they offer.But beware, try to get there before the peak times 12-1pm is usually a long wait, or dinner time 7-8.  You can end up waiting for an hour.  So I guess you could try to be a preferred guest by throwing down a couple of G's at a black jack table.  Or you can be smart and come at an earlier time to avoid the wait.
5	OH Yeah! This is perhaps the best buffet place I have been to in Vegas. I can't say it's the best in the world, since I've never really eaten at every buffet in the world. Regardless I stand by the fact that this is a great buffet. It has a rather long line, but... all good things to those who wait, am I right?The roasted meat selections are great (prime rib, turkey [free range btw], and if your daring venison). Love their King Crab legs, jumbo-sized shrimp cocktail and all the other sea-food selections they offer. As for sushi... well it's a buffet, what do you expect? Sushi are only good at an actual sushi restaurant.At any rate, back to the good stuff of this buffet. Pizzas are rather decent, but their pasta selection needs a little more variety. Their salad bar is quite good, but I'm not at a buffet for salad. Still I had to try it since I want to write about it, hence not bad just quite good.Now the dessert station. Two words, just amazing. They make some of the most creative desserts you will ever taste and they make it in numbers. The flaw is that they don't have a gellato bar. If they only renovate the dessert station to replace the ice-cream machine with a gellato bar, then they will be perfect.The staff is friendly, but very busy (read between the lines) catering to the hundreds of customers.
5	Truly one of the greatest buffets I've ever had.Top quality food, and such an ethnic variety throughout. My friends give me a hard time because I always ask who wants to drive out to Vegas from CA to eat at Bellagio Buffet, but I personally think it's just that good.
4	I had high expectations - but I also had my doubts. It's the Bellagio, so of course it's got to be great right? But, could it just busy and big but not really thaaat great of food? We weren't sure. And actually I think our thinking was just heavily foggy and slow due to the evening before because as we finally stumbeled out of hotel starving we walked a bit and ended up in the Bellagio and the boys said, Let's do the Bellagio Buffet. Sounded go everyone - until we saw the line. OMG, it was like a line at disney land. Ugh. We get at the end and took turns playing the slots as we waited. I was busy on yelp trying to see what the next closest place would be and then it dawned on us, helllooo it's noon, saturday, in vegas. Everywhere would have aline. We were sure it wouldn't take over an hour so we decided to just stick it out. We took bets on how long it would take and my guess was 37 minutes. I won- to the exact minute! So, they do a good job of turning over the tables and there are hundreds of em inside. WE got the all you can drink champagne which was just a few bucks extra, worth it if you are going to have more than 2 mimosas. Our lady was kinda crazy and kept pouring the bubbly all over the floor and the rim of the glass spilling it everywhere so we were a bit sticky after the experience (hence the 4 instead of 5 stars). But, the food was good, lots of options, really good salad bar choices, those are my favorite. Don't get me wrong i still pile up the meats, fried goods, sushi rolls and decadent desserts - but i love a good salad bar line up. I'm takling multiple cheeses, lots of dressing choices, olives, fruits, peppercini, yum yum yum. We were there a total of about 2 hours - counting wait time. Definitely a good choice and worth the wait.
4	As a quarterly annual Vegas visitor, the Buffet @ the Bellagio is hands down my favorite, on the weekends. Made the mistake of catching it midweek on a extended Vegas stay & it was significantly diminished from the weekend fare.With my mid 20's metabolism and affinity for cardiovascular activities I have the abilities to put down abnormal volumes of food. So I will break this down as my avg. meal there.Salad bar is fully stocked, whether you make your own or the pre-fixed offerings they have. On a side note they have hard boiled eggs! These go great with my usual spinach salad w/turkey from the carving section. Carving section has the regulars & something different. Last I went it was ostrich & duck. Sushi is a plenty, not just rolls, some ngiri. But I go for the tuna & salmon poke, along with seaweed salad. After that I'm always a sucker for pizza & cocktail shrimp. Then some prime rib. All of which is top notch. The dessert section cracks me up, it's the center of the buffet & every time I'm there it is predominantly surrounded by women. You notice how fragrant the area is compared to everywhere else. It's like they eat nothing but sweets. But yea, polished off half a dozen chocolate covered strawberries, white chocolate mousse, apple pie, & ice cream. The wait will be long if you get there by 7 or later. I usually try to get there by 6:30, basically walk straight into the place, no wait. That way I can walk off the food off, do some drinking & gambling, & by 10/11 I'm hungry again. Then it starts all over...
2	Let me preface this review with a couple of things:1. I went on a Monday at 3pm, so probably not the most ideal time to see the freshest foods and most attentive staff, but less people to fight with to get to the food2. I live in Manhattan so I am spoiled by knowing what good food and service are3. I understand that a buffet, even an expensive buffet will never meet the quality of a decent restaurantWith all that said, the variety and quality of food was JUST BARELY OK, after seeing several reviews I guess my expectations got a little too high.Also of note I found a HAIR in my gravy, when I mentioned it to the waitress her extremely caviler response was some thing to the effect of "OK, I let them know".  No "I'm so sorry" or "I really apologize", NOTHING.All in all not a great experience, but if you want a large quantity of food you can't beat it for 20 bucks
3	I had the experience of eating here on May 6, 2010. I did find it amusing that the restaurant was called 'The Buffet" - usually they have a more unique name to it.Overall - the food was good - especially if you're into seafood. The service was superb - our server, Elger, seemed to keep the drinks flowing magically. Pricing is what you'd expect for a Vegas buffet in the type of hotel - runs about $29.99.My only complaint - and this is why I cannot give them more than three stars -- although the restaurant is non-smoking (which seems to be norm everywhere in Vegas restaurants now), is that smoke from the casino wafts in - basically ruined my dining experience. I did let the Hotel know about this and next time I go to Vegas, I will try to go back here and reevaluate.
5	I took pity on The Bellagio.  You see, I am the king of buffets around the country.  King R, the Inhaler.  I've closed more buffet lines than there are stars in the sky.  My photo is posted at most of the Chinese buffets around Chicago; they see me enter their restaurants, and they say, "WE CLOSED.  GO AWAY."  Because I can eat some buffet, and if it's an all you can eat buffet, well...count your day's profit goodbye.  See me, and you better get on the phone to your wholesaler for next day's delivery.And The Bellagio opened the next day because I didn't eat every damn morsel of food they have.  I witnessed and gently sampled their scrumptious array of fabulous food.  Heavy on seafood (the Bellagio is known for a large Asian gambling clientele), two full display cases of beautiful desserts, and service that rivaled even some of the best restaurants I've eaten at (thank you Eljon!).My only complaint, and thank you Paul A. who mentioned this, is that for a supposedly smoke-free restaurant, I smelled more nasty air blasting in from the casino than some of the other restaurants in casinos I visited.  For a place like the Bellagio, I was very surprised.  Alas, no star deductions for excess, errant carcinogens.  It's not the chef, waiter or food prep people's faults.A piece of advice for those who complain about the long-ass line/wait queue: if you want to dine here, make sure you GO BEFORE 6pm.  I went just before 6pm on a weekday, and by 6:45, the line was insane.  But it's like that at most other buffets, so quit bitching.
3	A very good buffet but I think the Wynn buffet is better. They each have the same food but the Wynn's seemed fresher to me. This placed was packed and it was hard to walk around during peak time. They refilled the crab legs promptly and their sashimi selection wasn't all that bad. The kobe steak and prime rib were dry and I don't think the desserts were great. After all the hype about this place I was expecting a bit more.
4	With 700+ reviews, I feel another haiku coming on.Go late to breakfastAnd you'll snag yummy lunch tooI'm cheap but it's goodI had a butt-ton of smoked salmon and tried each of their breads and jams probably 5 times over.  To each his own.
3	We figured we go here on our first night in Vegas to get the trip started off on the right note. My expectations were very high since all of my friends who have been to Vegas always rave about it. To be honest I'd expected chocolate fountains and rivers of drawn butter with boats of king crab legs lazily floating while waiting for hungry hands to pick them up. Sadly... I was very disappointed. Don't get me wrong, it is a very good buffet but my expectations ruined it for me. The service here is great and the seafood alone is worth the $30 you pay. Although, the steak there was a bit on the very done side when I went there.
5	The finest buffet I've ever been to in my entire life. They had all types of seafood from fish, to crab legs, to lobster and and shrimp cocktail. They had all kinds of meats from beef, to lamb to . . . venison? Wow! All delicious, all varieties and all amazing! For a $25 dinner price it was a steal! I dream of "The Buffet at Bellagio" to this day.
4	Why did I give this place 4 stars? Well their selection of fruits and dessert alone deserves just that... but the endless crab legs. Yummie.. I just went again for the 20th time probably last week and still don't seem to get sick of it.  We've learned a way of eating for cheaper.. So don't pay the $30 fee for dinner. Go stand in line around 3:00pm, pay $15-20 for lunch then stay while they change to dinner.  Not only do you get the freshest batch the comes out.. you get dinner for the price of lunch.. I love to eat and this is definitely best bang for your bucks.. Koodles to them for taking out the smoking room.. woooo hoooo
4	Their buffet is just as good as Wynn's, but I think the Wynn's decor has an edge over Bellagio's. Other than that, their food quality is superb!
3	I feel like being review #796 is a bit overkill, but what the heck.  Part of the reason why I got suckered in to this brunch was the fact that it had so many reviews.  Maybe I'm helping to sucker in someone else.I'm hoping the fact that I was not here on a weekend is what explains the mediocre food.  Yes, there is a large selection, but I was not truly impressed by any of it.  I also asked for a glass of champagne, since its not included in the $19.95 weekday buffet, only to be warned by the waitress that a glass of champagne is $10!!  $10?!?  Are you kidding me?  Don't worry...if you want to add a splash of OJ and make it a mimosa, its $15!!  I thanked the waitress for the heads-up and stuck with diet coke.The service was by far the best part of this buffet.  Our waitress was right there to pick up our dirty plates, and fill our sodas.  Don't worry, I still stuffed myself silly to get my money's worth, but next time I'm heading over to the Mirage for Cravings Buffet.  I ate there a couple years ago, and remember being much more impressed.
5	Before you read on, the 5 STARS is because I'm comparing it against ALL other buffets I have been to & especially the ones in Vegas.onto my BRIEF SUMMARY!- Buffets are usually about quantity not quality, but Bellagio gives you great quality food & a whole lot of it- Smaller than Rio but better quality- Great service- Wasted food goes to Pig Farm- Quality DesertsEvery time I go to Vegas, I've officially been there 3 times in the last 6 months, I've got to hit the Bellagio Buffet. Bottom line. Yes, you should go to Rio because it's the world's biggest buffet, but when you're done poo-ing your brains out, you'll want to spend an additional 5 bucks and go to Bellagio.VEGAS = LINES. So if you're gonna cry about waiting in line for the club or a really great restaurant, then don't go to Vegas. It's like going to an amusement park during some busy holiday weekend and crying about how you have to wait in line for a ride. It's RIDICULOUS. Suck it up and wait.. the longer you wait, the MORE food you'll probbaly eat. HAHASo we waited like 10-15 minutes in line to eat dinner on Friday Night around 7 or 8pm. Normal wait time in Vegas without reservations can be at least an hour. it is a little bit pricey but again, it's worth it. Yeah it's 34.99 and basically you pay $40/a person.In general the Bellagio is a NICE Casino and the buffet has nice decor. As soon as we sat down we were greeted and put our drink orders in. and then headed towards the buffet!If you haven't been to the Bellagio Buffet yet, make sure you go around ONCE and look at everything they have to offer. The stuff on the right side isn't always the same as the stuff on the left side, so you wanna plan out what all you want to eat lol. The thing about Bellagio is that unless you're absolutely stuck on something in particular, you could probably eat a whole bunch of different meals in one setting haha.My first stop is always the salad bar. They have freshly prepared salads to choose from and then they have the built-it-yourself. I love that their field greens are always fresh as well all of the other ingredients. They've got plenty of salad dressings and toppings. On to the stuff that everyone wants, but rarely matters to me. Seafood! There's so much food in general, that I basically ignore all the crab legs and other seafood. There is sushi available and it looks ok. I think I had it back in December and it wasn't anything to brag about. Bellagio seems to specialize in giving you different "gourmet" type foods. I especially loved the Kobe Beef Top Sirloin, Beef Wellington, Roasted Turkey and the Ostrich. Although, I've never ate Ostrich, I thought it was cool that they had it! They also had roasted Quail. Didn't try it but hey if you're adventurous, do you!Bellagio also has all of the staple foods that regular buffets have. Super creamy and fluffy mashed potatoes (& a pesto version), fresh artisan bread, Asian cuisine, pastas, and carved meats.Deserts is where I think Bellagio sets itself from the Rio. Rio has a lot of selection, as does Bellagio. But Bellagio's cheesecake is legitimate. I think it's plain cheesecake with a fruit topping is equivalent to cheesecake factory. The cheesecake itself is very rich and smooth. And they have other deserts as well. I ate a few different things, but usually you're too full to even eat desert, depending on who you are.All in all, Bellagio to me is the best buffet in Las Vegas. I prefer it over any other buffet that I've been to and the service is great. They constantly filled up my drink, took away my dishes and offered advice on food. I'm sure there's people that may disagree with me, but ehh they're not as cool as me! haha.Go to Bellagio and eat the buffet. Don't waste your money on a cheap buffet that's gonna keep you on the toilet. Get quality & quantity here!
4	I hate buffets. The only time you'll catch me in one is for brunch, cause I'm usually too impatient  and starving to wait for breakfast in a cafe. That being said, the Bellagio buffet beats the shit out of all of them. The line can be long and it is pricey, but do you want quality or quantity? If it's the latter, I hear the Stratosphere's got a $9.99 for ya! WHEN YOU GO- DO NOT skip the coffee. It's the best of any restaurant in Vegas.
4	Crab legs, smoked salmon, frankenberries. Quantity is what a buffet is all about. I had a high protein meal, as you can tell. I ate more smoked salmon than I had in the past year. I had more crab legs than I had in the past year. Since the buffet is so large, it's easy to try foods that you rarely eat.And for a good reason! Many of these foods are "sometimes foods"! My friends commented on the French toast, which I did not try as I was already getting full by the time I heard about it.What I liked about this buffet is the variety of above-average dishes (note: I'm comparing mainly to Hometown buffet and Souplantation, and discount Chinese dishes in San Diego) and also the short wait for any dish There are two sections for every dish, so both sides of the restaurant can be easily accomodated. Note: This review just pertains to the weekend brunch. I haven't taken the opportunity to chance to try dinner or weekday brunch yet.
4	This was the first buffet I've ever been to (not including cheap places at home like the China Buffet), so I don't have much to compare it to... but WOW. I seriously loved everything on my plate, which included:--lamb--lobster ravioli--california rolls--mashed potatoes w/ deliciousness in them--veal--crab legs--shrimp--asian-marinated swordfishAaaaand, my mouth just filled with saliva.
3	So... has the staff at Bellagio gotten lazy or something?  I've heard so many great things about the buffet at Bellagio and how their "gourmet" selections offer the best value.  However that is not the case at all.  This place is still popping, with my group having to wait 40 minutes around 2pm.  Once we got in, we were seated extremely close to other tables and it felt a little weird.  In fact, I think the layout of the place is weird.I was really excited to try the Kobe beef at the carving station but the piece I received was way too well done.  It felt like I was chewing leather and all the good things about Kobe beef was not there.  I decided to give it a 2nd chance and went back for another piece.  Slightly better but still, the meat had nothing going for it.  Wasn't seasoned well, and I think I can definitely make a better steak.  It just felt like they popped it on the grill and the oven and just forgot about it.All the other foods are alright in comparison to some other buffets.  I do like how they crack the crab legs in half already for you so you don't have to do work.  Dessert station is the only thing worth mentioning since there is a good selection and that creme brulee is magical.  I probably ate around 4-5.The buffet probably was good when it first.  The quality of this buffet has probably dropped and I think that's a problem that all hotels face eventually.  They have to find ways to reinvent themselves or just somehow maintain that standard that make them great the first go around.  Unfortunately, Bellagio definitely needs to do that or else nobody will shell out $30-40 again for the buffet.
4	The food here was great. I had to wait in a huge line to come in. It was worth it. I didn't know anything about Vegas when I first come here and didn't know about yelp either. When we where walking the Strip the nicest hotel was the Bellagio so I decided what the heck lets just try this place. Glad I did.This place taste-wise was better than Wynn's Buffet but didn't have as good variety stuffs ie King Crab.
5	Made for gluttony, buffets add to the many sins rampant in Vegas, but one I admittedly partake in.I've had all meals here before - breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner. And I love it all. For the quality, price and selection, you really can't beat Bellagio. Highlights for me include:- The best creamy just slightly runny scrambled eggs- Cute petite jars of marmalade - Alaskan king crab legs (yes yes, most places do have this, but still good)- Chilean Sea Bass (endangered but delicious)- Sushi bar, made to order- Steak tar tar, again made fresh to order- Dessert Bar- Bread BarThis latest trip I got to try some Ostrich and Buffalo meat too. While not something I would particularly crave again, it was nice to be able to try.Bellagio is always my go-to buffet. It's my one meal a day in sin city. Tip: Come around 3:30p so you can enjoy "Linner" at lunch prices. And skip the lines if you stay at the hotel as a guest. Otherwise, come early or else be prepared to wait in an hour + line.
4	Quail. Wild Boar. Venison.Long lines unless the friend you are with gets a pass from the poker room because he spends 80 + hours a week in there.  Around $38 for dinner.
5	Best.Buffet.Ever.Very Clean.  Huge selection of every type of cuisine and food that the average brain typically imagines in their dreams.  Top notch quality.  The coffee is out of this world (I asked the name of it and was told it comes in liquid form/concentrated, and not in bean form because it's "more fresh" when it's in liquid form) - whatever all of that means.. I don't care because it was just incredible (although I do prefer beans to "liquid concentration", just because it sounds less artificial, even though the liquid probably isn't artificial anyway).  I've had both the breakfast and the dinner, but I'm reviewing the breakfast/brunch right now since I just had it yesterday.Eggs Benedict in immaculate formation and flavor.Omelette Bar: yes, all buffets have them but you can taste the fresh here.  And it's gigantic.  French toast made in front of you.Fluffy pancakes.Bacon, carved to order.  I kid you not.  Who even knew bacon came in a giant slab, anyway? :-b   Blintzes. Mini waffles..omghwehghahfklhjsljgs I loved these. Added cinnamon (they keep the powdered cinnamon in a bowl, not a shaker.. so you can really glob it on like I did), walnuts, pecans, shredded coconut, and then drizzled with honey.. yummies.   Vegetables, salads, sushi, fruits.  Everything fresh and ripe and beautifully displayed.Pastries.  Chocolate filled eclair.  I fainted into bliss after the first one.  I grabbed a second one to go and bit into as I walked out the door (the people waiting in line did not look happy at my display of pastry tease).  They have tiramisu, cheesecake, key lime pie, cookies, carrot cake, brownies, frozen yogurt... but I repeat:  Everything tastes better here than at other buffets.  Culinary perfection!  The pastries are all mini sized, so it gives you a good opportunity to try several.Someone else said that they're amazed how the food stays at the perfect "doneness", even though under a heat lamp.  DITTO!  Not sure how they do this, other than not cooking some things all the way through, but it's something other buffets should spy on.$15 breakfast$23 brunchI forgot the dinner price, but I think it's around $35.  Best bang for your buck, without sacrificing a quarter of an ounce of quality.
4	Drove all the way from Orange County and made it just in time before they closed. We had 20 mins to get food before they started putting it away. That's how excited we were for the food. I wish we had more time though, I felt so rushed to eat.I love their wide selection of food. I had to get a little bit of everything. Tried my first taste of ostrich, not bad. The rack of lamb was so tender. Mmmm. Dessert, I also had a little bit of everything, but what I loved the most was the mini key lime pie. Sooooo good!
5	the most charming old man at the Bellagio,  who was cleaning our tablef, gave me the sweetest compliment ever AND brought me a plate  of chocolate covered strawberries from the kitchen!! all the tables around us kept staring and asking us where we got it from. totally made my day! oh, and did i mention this is one of the best buffets in vegas? :D
4	Food was all good even tho I'm not much of a buffet person.  Good quality.  Went there for dinner and their sea bass was very good!Didn't like the long wait to get in tho!
5	If you've already read my review for the Buffet at the Wynn, then I'll make this short. The Bellagio Buffet has essentially become a staple of my visit to Vegas and seems to satisfy my every need and wants when it comes to a buffet like this. I made reference to my choice between The Buffet at the Wynn and The Buffet at the Bellagio, each is a win-win situation, but i definitely believe you win more at the Bellagio buffet. If this were the pepsi coke challenge, Bellagio is my coke...in a tall glass with ice...on a hot summer day. If you find yourself in this dilemma, the inability to choose between the Wynn or Bellagio (especially first timers), best advice I got is to try both and find out what you like better.The gist: PROS: Everything a buffet should haveCONS: Lines could get long,especially on holidays. So go early, and ride the lunch time into dinner. Especially useful if you're ballin' on a budget. Prices here are also not in everyones budget.
4	Pros: Good food all around - rack of lamb was great, a lot of good pasta dishes, hand tossed pizzas, a lot great fish, etc.Great service, they took our plates quickly and topped our drinks up quicly as well. It's in the Bellagio so it's not completely boring like the Wynn and close to Caesars palace (my two favorites). Cons:Price - went memorial day weekend and they jacked the price up to $30 for lunch and $40 for Dinner. We waited 1 hour in the long ass line at 2:30 in the afternoon and made lunch. The deserts were just average, and there was an obnoxious table next to us. Their kobe beef, leg of lamb and prime rib wasn't that great imo. the transition from brunch to dinner took too long. Honestly It was good, but I am definitely trying the Wynn next time. I just don't know if it was worth the money in the end, which is really what it's all about right ? Obviously I would never complain if it was $10... just sayin' :D
4	One of the best buffets in Vegas!Yes this buffet can get pricey but it has some of the best quality food on The Strip. Good: Tasty, tasty, tasty!Bad: This place is pricey and the lines can get really long. Final: If you want to go to a great Vegas buffet, this is the place to go!
4	If this place had shows, I would spend at least half my day here. I had to leave, not because I didn't have any more buttons to undo in my pants, but because too many people had come and gone and I started to get embarrassed. I mean, there's a line to get in and you start to get a little self-conscious when you're in one place for that long.After I went to my first fall farmer's market, I became an apple connoisseur because I was able to sample and compare different apples. After I went here, I became an egg connoisseur with so many egg varieties. My current favorite egg preparations are poached and deviled. However, if I eat eggs with something else, I like them runny like the yolk that ran down the sandwich in the film, "Spanglish".Lots of variety, not the highest class of food, but delicious nonetheless. I can say, that it was tasty enough that I would go to the Bellagio to eat the buffet over all the other buffets in Vegas.
3	Breakfast/Lunch was not all it was hyped up to be.... Just okay. Why would anyone add orange flavoring to flan?! Flan is already good the way it is.... Well, Bellagio just had to tweak every one of their dishes in such a way. They experimented with foods that were good simply just for being normal, and added extra ingredients which needed not to be there in the first place.Mandalay Bay's buffet is much nicer/fancier. And I heard from a guest I met at The Buffet that Planet Hollywood's buffet is actually much better than Bellagio's....I might go back but only to check out dinner. Breakfast was just, meh....
1	I really regretted coming to this buffet.  My wife and I are really not picky eaters but this place was really bad.  We went on a Tuesday evening and it was pretty empty.  The only three things that I liked were the prime rib, creme brulee and a mushroom ravioli.  The other things were either bordering disgusting to unedible.  Some things were so bad I had to spit them out.  I usually never spit out food (only done it a few times in my life).  At Bellagio buffet I did it three times.  And the cook staff (except for the meat carver guy) all seemed uncaring and bored.  And the food that they cooked showed all their emotions unfortunately.  Usually when I read negative reviews like the one I am writing now, I tend to brush them off or try to forget about them and only focus on good reviews cause I really want to try this buffet.  But believe me, you can skip this buffet. I don't know what the other people who wrote good reviews about this buffet ate but certainly it was not the same food that we ate.  I guess it wasn't just us though.  Lots of other people around us was complaining about the food too.  Many people just ate a bite of things and left the rest on the plate uneaten.  This happens frequently in buffets as people like to waste food, but at Bellagio this day there was an unusual amount of wasted food and unhappy faces on customers.  As for the coffee that some people rave about.  I found it to be worst than the regular McDonald's coffee. I drink coffee a lot so believe me when I say the coffee at Bellagio is the worst I've drank in a long long time.  If you want a safe bet, then go to Wynn instead.  You won't regret it.  And no, I don't work for Wynn.  I am just a tourist probably just like you.
4	Went here once again over Super Bowl weekend.  Delicious like last time, but I've learned a trick to avoid the lines.  Will I tell all?  No way.I ended up sitting at the bar and enjoyed my food with a nice crown and diet coke.  The food seemed to be as good as it was  on my last trip but the selection and the deserts seemed to be less desirable.  The Buffet at Bellagio is amongst the best I've had while in Vegas.  I still recommend everybody to try it at least once and then try the others.  You'll be coming back for more.
2	i dont think it was worth it first of all the food wasnt good at all the only thing i like was the strawberries dipped in chocolate they only had cold shrimp and they ndidnt have much to choose from i think ive tasted better buffets in torrance. yea it was fancy but i didn't like it
4	This is kid of weird for me, b/c I'm not a fan of buffets at all. I ate here when it first opened, but I recently returned here on another vegas trip, and you know what, it was pretty good. I liked the variety of food they have, and to me, a lot of buffets end up tasting the same after a while. This was actually not the case, they had quite a few things I found to be good. I liked the crab legs, the rack of lamb, and the spicy tuna hand rolls were awesome. I don't spend a lot of time on desserts but some friends thought they were adequate. I also did like the crepes they had, the chicken and mushroom was also worth noting. I wish I could of tried more, but tried not to over indulge due to me dieting, but I wish I wasn't.
5	I love the Wynn buffet just as much as I love this one, but the Bellagio buffet gets that 5th star due to VARIETY!I've only had the Bellagio buffet for dinner, but I've had it at least 4 times.  Each time I enjoyed myself thoroughly, and during my successive visits I knew what to avoid and what to get a ton of right off the bat.Love their Kobe beef, pesto mashed potatoes, sushi/poke, large variety of pre-made salads, pasta... pretty much everything!  Their steak tartare used to be better, I'm not sure what's happened to it the last couple times, but it just doesn't taste as good...The one thing that disappoints me is that everything else is higher quality than regular buffets, except for the dessert!  They still have machines filled with artificial and yucky frozen yogurt, average cookies, average cake/pie, good but not amazing bread pudding and cobblers.  This is the one area that makes me want to change the Bellagio to 4 stars, but I will resist.
5	OMG....me and my cousin came here once and I will tell you...addicted.....we drove one day all the way from LA to here JUST for the Food and came back that night....Great price for the food and excellent selection.
4	Yes! I finally found a place where I can get unlimited mimosa's, dates wrapped in bacon, quality lox and french toast sandwiches with nutella. Does it get any better? Went here for a breakfast buffet on a Saturday morning. It was pretty packed but got seating right away at the bar. If you have the option to wait for a table or sit at the bar, sit at the bar. The level of service is awesome as you'll have a bartender there to provide you drinks anytime.
4	Whoa.  Talk about gluttony.  Wonderful wonderful gluttony!  Having missed out on the Vegas buffet experience the last time we made it point this time.  And since we were staying in the Bellagio, and it's supposedly the "it" buffet on the strip our decision was easy!  Sushi, and meats, and cheeses, and fish and gorgeous salad bad!  Oh my goodness!  So after 3 plates, and then 3 tiny dessert plates we walked out ashamed to have eaten so much and took a nap like you would on Thanksgiving!  Except, I definitely did not wake up wanted seconds!  Stuffed!
2	Just sit right backAnd you'll hear a taleA tale of a fateful trip,That started from this buffet line,Aboard this tiny table.The mate was a mighty eatin' man,The brother brave and sure,Five passengers ate that day,For a two hour feast,A two hour feast.The food started getting rough,The tiny table was tossed.If not for the appetitie of the fearless groupMy family would be hungry.My family would be hungry.The table set ground on the buffetOf this busy lineWith Tony,My brother too.The dadAnd my mom,The aunt and grandma,Here at the Bellagio Buffet.@ Alaskan King Crab - Being the Asian that I am, I did load up on this. If we're talking about getting our moneys worth, this is probably the quickest way to achieve this. I did see people piling up the King Crab like crazy, present company included. Since there is actually two King Crab stations, one on each side of the buffet, they don't get refill as fast as the Wynn, so there may be a lot of scrappy pieces no one really wants. These aren't as big or as sweet as the Wynn. @ Snow Crab - You have King Crab, there is no reason to get this!  But for comparison sake, these weren't as sweet as the King Crab and you get smaller crabs.@ Kobe Beef - A buffet serving Kobe beef, that grabbed my attention. Sadly, it did in all the wrong way. This was dry and flavorless and I question whether or not it really was Kobe beef. I took maybe 2 bites and just passed on the rest. There goes that Kobe beef.@ Sushi - I'm not sure if you can even call this sushi. I'm sure I can find better sushi at a gas station. Everything from the tuna nigri to the salmon nigri to the California roll to the shrimp tempura was just disgusting. For comparison sake, the Wynn is just as bad. Studio B was good though.@ Halibut - Overcooked fish is ever so good.@ Prime Rib - The staple meat at all buffets. This was dryer than an August day in Vegas.@ Crusted Lamb - This wasn't all that bad. It was at least cooked right and tasty. My only criticism for this was I didn't want any of the crusting around the lamb. It just takes away from the flavors of the lamb.@ Bread - This is a sin at a buffet, but since everything wasn't as good I got some bread. It surpringsly was good and fresh. Something is wrong when I come to a buffet and the bread is one of the high points of this place.@ Apple Pie - It didn't even taste like apples and the crust was very mushy. Mc Donald's apple pie taste better and I hate McDonalds! @ Coconut Cake - One of the highlights of the dinner. It was just good. The wait was surpringsly short, maybe 30 minutes on a Saturday night before Mothers Day. I was a little suspicious of the line being so short. Each person was charged $40, instead of the usual $36 since it was a holiday weekend. I was dissapointed to see my grandma get charge full price as well. Our waiter just wasn't very good either. We would ask for drinks and he would bring out our drinks 20 minutes later. The same issues with clearing our plates. It was a holiday weekend, but it wasn't really even that busy. We eventually had to ask the managers to bring us our drinks. Just horrible service. Dollar for dollar, the Bellagio and Wynn buffet cost the same. The Bellagio has more variety, but the Wynn seems to have much higher quality items. I prefer having better quality stuff, than a variety of medicore food. Bellagio was highly dissapointing for me in both food and service, considering its regarded as one of the Top 3 buffets in Vegas (other 2 being Studio B and Wynn). I'll stick to the Wynn or Studio B for my buffets for now. Good thing I won at the blackjack table, so the bill wasn't too painful!
4	After dining at the Wynn buffet the prevous day we had to try the one at the Bellagio as we have heard that it was better than the former. So delicious! Better variety than that of the Wynn buffet in my opinion. My favorites were the pesto mashed potatoes and the turkey sliders. The desserts looked very nice but unfortunately taste-wise were a little sub-par to those at the Wynn. Bellagio's buffet is a little cheaper though. If it came down to it, I think I would pick Bellagio's buffet over the Wynn's.
4	One of the best buffets on the strip.  They have such a large selection of food, it's sure to make anyone happy.  The prime rib and king crab legs (which are sliced lengthwise, so all you need to do is scoop the meat out) are favorites, and you won't be disappointed.  Only reason I cannot bring myself to give 5 stars is mostly because of the wait.  Unless you manage to get yourself on one of those super-exclusive "I am a high roller and make more money than you" lists, you will wait in a rather long line at night with the rest of the commonfolk.  Staff is courteous for the most part, and the waiters/waitresses were pleasant and got drink orders to us timely.All in all, I would definitely go back again.
2	I did my research on yelp on vegas buffets prior to arrival.  Since I stayed at the MGM, I thought I'd give The Buffet at Bellagio a try.  i went on a tuesday, no wait.  went in at 3pm for the lunch price like what the other yelpers suggested to do, and ate lunch and dinner food.  The only difference between lunch and dinner was that they offered sashimi and instead of flank steak, they had prime ribs.  Big whoop.  Most of the yelpers said it's one of the best buffets in Vegas.  After I started eating for a while, I wondered if I actually went into the right hotel....  To think that Bellagio is one of the bigger and nicer hotels and yet they fail to even make sushi, wow that sucks.  Their super generic sushi is even worse than ones at Safeway.  Heck, even my friends can make better sushi than that!! The flank steak was chewy as heck.  the leg of lamb tasted more like duck.  I only went to this buffet a few days ago, and I can't even remember what I ate because nothing stood out!!! I guess i have to try all the other shitty buffets in vegas before I'll appreciate the wonders of the buffet at bellagio.  until then it's still 2 stars in my book.
2	The wait line wasn't too long.. the staff was quick to remove dishes.. but the food wasn't everything I expected.@sushi- Some good, some not so good. Spicy tuna was amazing, the California roll tasted like grocery store quality at best@crab - tasteless and disappointing. I'd heard and seen the giant crab portions, which.. just wasn't there@ceviche- again, tasteless and disappointing@Made to order crepes- this was my FAVORITE! I tried the sun dried tomato, and it was fired in front of me quickly and was well made. Just delicious!@Mashed potatoes- good, but semi-bland@Ravioli -GoodI can't even remember the other things we tried.. desserts weren't anything to write home about either. I was fairly disappointed.. and feel for the price we should have gone elsewhere. The ONLY reason I give 2 stars, not 1 was for the crepes being so good. But $35 for one crepe seems silly since everything else was lacking. Oh and we paid $28 for 2 glasses of house wine.
3	I waited in line for Sunday brunch for...about 45 minutes, expecting a great meal from beginning to end. However...I was only blown away by their dessert bar. Every single bite of sweet I had was delicious (cheesecake, flan, tiramisu, etc. etc.). I wish I had known this first so I wouldn't have wasted my time with the other mediocre food. Having paid about $35 for brunch, I wanted to eat my money's worth. But it wasn't worth all the "ok" food that they offered. Their prime rib wasn't anything special, their hot foods were only alright. Their sushi bar had the same items (and same taste) as my local supermarket.
4	I've been to a lot of Vegas buffets, and always considered Planet Hollywood to be my favorite. But wow! After coming here for the first time last weekend, Bellagio has a new place in my heart.We came for the Saturday brunch, with bottomless champagne, of course. Just under 30 bucks, which is a pretty sweet deal considering the quality of the food and champagne. And they serve it from 7AM - 5PM! You could come here and drink champagne for 10 hours! Well, we didn't, but you know we thought about it.There is an expansive salad bar, sushi, hand rolls, spring rolls, lots of seafood, including some I'd never heard of, ceviche, breakfast, an omelet bar... and so much more I was too full to try. I didn't eat anything that I thought was bad or of poor quality. And the dessert bar is amazing.... that alone might be worth the full price!I knocked off a 4th star because our waitress was a little bitchy, acted like we were annoying her sometimes, went MIA other times, and your champagne glass should never be empty, right? Also, everything is a little disorganized, breakfast food is split up in a few different places, and they took away the entire salad bar at around 1PM. But I will still be back!
1	I wish they had a never return here star...it was horrible...Have you ever been to HomeTown Buffet? Or Sizzler? Well they blow this place out of the water...Prime Rib, not so great...Lobster, not so great. The desert was ok, but nothing to write home about. It would be best to go try the Winn, from what I hear that is the best buffet in vegas.I went to the Saturday "gourmet" buffet, and there was nothing special nor gourmet about it...try somewhere else.And if you are ever near San Diego, go to the Pala Buffet, that will be the best buffet you ever have!
3	This was my second time going to this and gotta say all the food was only okay. I still had a great breakfast and good service provided with good selection but wasn't as good as my first time here years ago. I was bummed they don't have king crab claws anymore :(
4	4 stars for there buffet during midday - dinnerthey got alot of meats at the carving station to choose from, prime rib, ham, ostrich, flank,  pork lion, lamb, etc trust me they got lots of meatsssuprisingly their ostrich meat was blood red but it was cooked the whole way through I was told it is just the color, I would go back for it the taste was interesting, did not taste like chicken lil gamey but not like lamb super tender you can cut it with a spoon I was also told for ostrich meat it is usually all muscle,  their prime rib was stellar, juicy, red or well they have both options, lamb was good not gamy small in size but good on taste, pork tenderlion passed on looked dry, brisket was juicy and tender but dried up quick from cut to table dried up hahathey had ribs, stay alway from ribs not so greatnot a real fan of crustaceans folks but know that lobster was not offered but king crab, shrimps were offered by the buckets loadtheir sushi not so gooddessert did not try, fruits most of them fresh and sweet most not all food **** stellar 4 on choices of meats price $$$ yep it is up thereambiance *** lil dark in some seating sections, not super clean if you look hard enough you can see flawsservice *** so so one waitress better then the other
4	Very nice looking place and while not the largest of buffets, the food here at lunch time was of good quality and the price wasn't bad, considering that Bellagio has the image of being one of the bigger time hotel & casino places.  About $20ish I think.The staff here I think were very professional in getting everyone seated politely and swiftly and I swear at times I didn't even realize anyone had refilled my drink, so subtle and attentive as they were.   I had no  complaints at all about this place other than I didn't bring my "A game" appetite to give the food here a major go.  Which means...as Aaahnold would say, "I'll be back!"
3	D*mmit! We went here for breakfast. Was I impressed? No. Cause you can't do wrong on scramble eggs, sausage, bacon, etc. Ahhhh.
1	DEFINITELY not worth my money.I'm not a fan of crab, so didn't even bother wasting stomach space on their COLD crab legs, so I moved on to pastas, salads, meats, sushi: Everything else was pretty bland....Sushi selection was horrible. All i saw was salmon and tuna. I mean, the sushi was pretty fresh, but it was sitting on a ball of MUSHED rice... =______=. I took one glance at the rolls and was not impressed at all.The only things memorable were:Prime rib and kobe beef, pesto mashed potatoes, and the grilled vegetables, and napoleon for dessert. that's it.I really do NOT understand how people can rave that this is one of the best buffets in LV.
3	We chose to go to The Buffet at Bellagio because we STAYED at Bellagio. The selection of food is not wide. They said they have SEAFOOD but I couldn't seem to find my favorite SASHIMI anywhere! (Maybe b/c I was there for lunch?) But their spicy tuna handroll was quiet good. Steak, sirloin, lamb, Irish smoked salmon, and bow-tie pasta w/ tomatos were all I can recall. FYI, I just want to point out that eating buffet is not really good for you - do the research on google, bro!
4	3.5 stars.I used to absolutely LOVE the bellagio buffet but either I've gotten a little pickier about my food now or their quality has gone down over the years. The shrimp cocktail was pretty good, and so were the pesto mashed potatoes, sea bass, ahi tuna poke (so spicy but so good!), and the prime rib. But the kobe beef was really tough and a little too salty. I was really disappointed. The sashimi and sushi were also not too great, just plain average. The crab legs didn't wow me either, but it's nice that they have it cracked in half for you so you don't have to work as hard to get the meat out.But I do love their beautiful dessert selection! There's a huge variety to choose from! Their creme brulee is delicious! And I love the chocolate covered strawberries! The napoleon is pretty good but I think it'd be better with a layer of chocolate or something. Their chocolate raspberry mousse cone thing is super cute but I was so sad that the cone was all soggy! :( I don't think it's worth an hour or more wait, but it's definitely worth a try at least once!
2	I dont know what happened here.  The quality and choice of food seems to have gone down in years.  The wait & price for this is NOT worth it anymore.  Rio and Paris are WAY better.
4	Outstanding. This place has a ton of variety! We tried both Breakfast (if you hit it right you get lunch stuff too!) and Dinner. Both were fantastic. Dinner had an excellent mix of of cuisine types, tons and tons of delicious seafood...and all of the meat was great! I will agree with another reviewer...the Kobe was a little tough, but shit give it a shot anyway.  I mean it is a buffet at the Bellagio!!
4	More like 4.5 stars.Went for lunch and stayed for dinner, as per my usual Vegas trick that I've learned from my fellow yelpers.  Didn't really need to stay for dinner though, because the lunch on its own was quite impressive.  Just about everything I tried ranged from above average to delicious, with more towards the latter.  I was a little disappointed that there weren't any of the unique carving stations I've read on other reviews, like Ostrich or Kobe beef (maybe cause it was a weekday).  But there were plenty of other great offerings.  There were some good desserts, although I would have preferred seeing the ice cream and crepe stations from the Wynn.  Service was very good too.. never had to wait for a refill.  All in all, a great value for $20 for lunch, especially if you time it right with dinner.
4	4.5 (i like the atmosphere and interior of the wynn better)had champagne brunch here on sunday around 10am....the food was pretty good, i loved the omelette station, and i get to choose anything, as much as i wanted to go into my omelette...their waffles and brioche french toast were also really good!they had a nice large selection of breakfast foods, from basic american staples (cereal, toast, pancakes, waffles, sausage, bacon, eggs, oatmeal, grits, etc) some asian foods (miso soup, hot and sour soup, congee, stirfry) to basic vegas buffet staples (honey bacon, crab legs, cocktail shrimp, salads, prime rib)everything tasted great, service was great, but i just cant stop comparing to wynn buffet!
2	Having dined at many other Vegas buffets (the Wynn, the Paris, the Mirage, etc.) I found myself very underwhelmed. Everyone raves about the Bellagio buffet but I just kept wishing I had gone to the Wynn.The decor is decent and the quality of the food is good, but there wasn't much of an assortment. I went for 4th of July brunch at around 11:30am and the sushi bar wasn't open, there was not a single pasta dish, the slice of meat I got was fatty and veiny, and our drinks took 20+ minutes to arrive.I will say that the fruit was fresh and yummy (melon, berries, etc.) and the desserts were good, but it wasn't enough to make me want to come back here ever again.
3	I really can't decide what my favorite buffet is, Bellagio or Wynn. I think Bellagio's food is a little bit better but Wynn has the upper hand in the decor department. This being said, I am growing tired of buffets. It is a casual and cheap dining experience which can be good if I did too much shopping or gambling and my wallet is in pain. But aside from that, there are so many amazing restaurants to try - if I am not feeling broke I don't think I will return to a buffet unless a friend drags me. However, Bellagio buffet is the best food I have found at any buffet I have ever had in my life. So if you are going to buffet, I would say this is the place to do so. The roast chicken, German potato salad, and fresh made sushi were the highlights for me on this last trip.
3	Variety was great, service was awesome, dining area was clean but the bathrooms needs more attention. It was filthy!
4	As a buffet newbie, I can't parse the differences among all the Strip offerings, so keep that in mind. We went for breakfast. No line at 9 am. Attentive but not annoying service. The food was surprisingly good: high-quality, not overcooked, and varied. An unexpected thumbs-up for the caramelized apples (to add to your oatmeal), the cheese blintzes (top with the blueberry sauce), the African bluenose, and the beef tenderloin.
4	Most important message: go at the in between times right before they switch over to dinner so you pay lunch prices and get dinner options.  $20 for lunch.Since the Rio buffet is the first buffet I remember going to in Vegas, I always compare others to it.  I'm surprised that the selection is bigger, since Vegas is the city of excessiveness.  There is a large variety of foods, salads, seafood, meat, pasta, desserts, and everything in between.Mmmm....king crab legs.  Saltier and smaller than the Wynn, but still good.  At least they crack them for you.  They had the best salmon and ahi poke that I could have devoured a whole plate of.  Fresh seafood!!!!The desserts were ok, I thought there would be more and that they would be yummier, but after eating all that I did, I didn't really need dessert anyway.And our server was on top of refilling our iced teas.Overall, Bellagio was really good, but I think I prefer the Wynn buffet because the quality of the food is better.
5	Very good, but very expensive.  Loved the sushi and sashimi here.
3	I ate here a zillion times w/ my roommate when I lived in vegas, b/c he works here. First off, I wouldn't want to eat here in the regular section, away from the VIP room off to the left when you enter. It seemed cramped and depressing... think golden-corral. Yeah.Food: I start off with a mixed green salad, amazing sushis and raw salmons, then go italian/seafood(they also have beef, etc, including kobe, but their steak and poultry is bland and under-seasoned to my tastes).SECRET: make sure to stop by the custom-seafood grill next to the seafood. It's so easy to miss when no else is in line. Ask the chef for lots of scallops and shrimp, then you choose veggies and sauce(sun-dried tomato-sauce is my fav!). They also do custom pizzas, which are great as well w/ the thin crust(you should obviously sit down, then come back to pick up the latter). Desserts here are so-so. They have great fruit tarts and bananas foster. Nothing amazing like the desserts you'd find at Bally's Sterling Brunch or even the Mirage (dinner) buffet. That being said, I'd choose the Mirage over this place any day owing to the former being more consistent and better all-around. But, if you're a sushi/seafood/italian(this is an italian joint, after all) lover, this is def. a place worth checking out. Remember, the custom-made lines dish out a meal twice as tasty here.
4	My friends and I came on a Friday evening and the long line moved quite quickly. Their gourmet weekend dinner is wonderful! My favorite selections are the savory porcini truffle ravioli and sea bass. The sashimi is average quality and their smoked salmon is great. The swordfish and Kobe beef however are tough and dry. Definitely pick this buffet if you love Alaskan king crab legs. Each huge crab leg is conveniently precut in half. Just grab a plateful and pluck the juicy cold strips of meat into your mouth. :p The dessert bar has great variety. Creme brulee, caramel flan, cheesecake, strawberry & chocolate mousse, chocolate cake, tiramisu... Whatever floats your banana boat! I wish I have a bigger stomach.
4	The Bellagio boasts the most diverse,carefully arranged feeding trough on the strip (that i can speak for), putting it in the running for one of the greatest buffets in the world. I came to their buffet between breakfast and lunch (we'll call it brunch) to a fair sized line. Despite this i was promptly seated, given my drink, and sent for my first helping. The cocktail shrimp were amazing and chilled perfect. The prime rib and london broil were exquisite. The African bluenose was delicious. Even the desserts, coming fresh from the oven, were pretty outstanding. I dont remember exactly what i paid, but it couldnt have been more than $20. It is by no means the cheapest buffet in town, but probably has the best value.
4	I come here every time I visit Vegas, mostly for their amazing beef wellington and delicious desserts! Make sure to check ahead of time to make sure they're serving beef wellington because it's not on the menu every day. The place itself does not look very big, but the waiters and servers are very nice. Fridays and Saturdays are the Gourmet Dinner days, but it's best to go in for the lunch meal and stay for dinner because the price difference is HUGE. Think of it as linner (lunch + dinner).There's always a line for the king crab legs. They're already cracked open for you - very easy to eat. (I don't know if they have the buttery topping like at Wynn though) The cocktail shrimp is also really good. Prime rib was on the bloody side last time I went, and the rotisserie chicken was dry, but as usual, the beef wellington does NOT fail. It's perfectly cooked - very tender. Avoid the variety of fishes near the Chinese food though, because these are usually dry. The sushi is on the plain side too. The dessert selection is very varied and looks fancy. My favorite is the one in a small glass cup with multiple layers. There's a light brown layer under a beige layer that tastes like coffee and chocolate, and it's covered with whipped cream. I forget the name of it, but it's delicious! Avoid the raspberry with cream and chocolate bites on top though - it tastes really sour! The creme brulee and chocolate-covered strawberries look simple, but they're really good!Note: Apparently, you're not allowed to take photos of the food. I attempted to take a photo at the dessert station because they just looked SO delicious and artistic, and I love taking photos of food, but the chef behind the counter told me no photos. Maybe they're afraid I can somehow figure out all their secret recipes from simply looking at my photos. *shrug*I'm not sure if it's the absolute best buffet in Vegas since not all the food is incredible, but every place has its pros and cons. I give it a four because, after all these years, I still look forward to coming here!
4	After being unsatisfied from a dinner buffet at The Wynn, we headed to the buffet at Belagio the next day for lunch. Its cost was $19.99+taxes per person. We loved the variety. It was huge. The soy marinated beef was the bomb. They even had tuna wrapped in seaweed and spring rolls upon your request. Their desert is much better than at The Wynn for sure. They have at least 8 flavors of icecream, unlike at The Wynn only 3 typical ones. We'll come back again next time to try their dinner buffet.
4	Yet another gourmet buffet but this one is better than the Wynn, IMO. I came here twice but it's pricey. If only they lowered prices. It's another good buffet to dine in. However, I haven't been to The Buffet in years due to me getting sick of buffets. I'd come here for the overall experience than the food.
5	Best buffet I've ever been to.  I'm sure there are probably some super high end buffets out there that are better but for the average joe, I think you can't find a better combo of quality food, price and location.  I love the Rio seafood buffet but I feel that the Bellagio buffet's seafood choices are just as good and I actually enjoy the Bellagio's oysters over the Rio's.  You need to try it at least once.
4	Came here for brunch with my boyfriend after we had brunch the day before at Aria. I think I like the food at Bellagio more but the dessert at Aria was better... and so was the egg benedict.I had a cinnamon bun, french toast, sausage, pesto mash potatoes, prime rib, bacon, egg benedict, salmon with caper, cream cheese, and onion (my bf put it together, he is a chef)  and beef tenderloin. I finished everything on my plate besides the beef tenderloin because it didnt really have any flavor and the french toast because I was getting full. For dessert.... I took 6... yes.... 6 because they were all so pretty and I did not know which one to eat.... I had carrot cake, tiramisu, eclair, lime tart, cheese cake, and chocolate peanut butter cake. I think my favorite was the cheese cake, everything else was really good too... besides the lime tart(but then I never really liked sour desserts) and the eclair because it was stuffed with too much chocolate custard in it (I tried to squeeze it all out and just eat the outside... but failed).The food here was good. I am happy that there was a lot of food that I like here.
5	The moment I tasted the food, I had forgotten the fact that I stood in line for over an hour to get in. After such a wonderful experience, I can honestly say that this is the best buffet in Las Vegas. It is in your best interest to go and enjoy all the delicious food varieties that they offer. If you decide not to attend, you will miss out.Put this place on your list of "things to do" when you're in Vegas.
4	Came here with a party of 8. If you don't have a reservation of some sorts you'll have to wait a bit (30minutes?) to get in. Overall we got into a HUGE room. You'd think service would be slow but they have got attentive waiters always there for their customers so props to them. We got there during the dinner "rush hour" (long lines, awkwardly standing  in line while breathing down the other person's neck and glaring at those who cut in front for one dish). But dang, the food was awesome. And their selection was far out. I think I tried some new never before had food there such as quail and ostrich (?!). Quality of the food was very good, dessert was good as well. Expensive. But it's Vegas. And it's the Bellagio.
3	This buffet is alright.  I think it is too hyped up.  None of the items really stood out.  I went for brunch, and they didnt have crab legs nor sashimi.  Those are my 2 favorite thing to eat, and they didnt have it.  Oh well.
2	Well people I have officially given up on buffets.  It seems the only difference from casino to casino is simply the price.  I have a theory that you can only cook so much food at one time before it begins to taste bland and watered down.  To say I was not a fan would be an understatement.  Besides the roasted quail and a few deserts this buffet straight up sucked.  If you are visiting Vegas and have a strong desire to do the whole strip buffet thing I would highly recommend the Wynn buffet it was the only buffet I could say I sincerely enjoyed, and with it being around the same price I hope you would make the right decision.
4	Really great Buffet!! Good selection of foods. Quality is ridiculous!! Worth the wait.
4	(+)-cheaper than wynn buffet-chocolate covered strawberries (always always good)-creme brulee-short line-pesto mash potatoes NOMNOMNOM-attentive waiter refilling our sodas(-)-lunch buffet 25 bucks, still a little pricey for me-not as big a selection as wynn buffet-macaroni, so bland.I was starving when we got to the buffet. Stuffed my face basically. When we got there around 3-330 the line was really short and we didn't wait too long before getting seated. Really recommend to go around that time cause then you can try the dinner menu at 4 but pay the lunch price :D.My favorite foods are listed up there but there were def more that I dont remember. The eclair was good but beware theres a looot of chocolate in them its like a chocolate corn dog.2nd best buffet, after wynn
5	The best buffet in Vegas!This one is $21.99/person.  I was surprised at how many their selection was.  From salad, meat, fish, sushi and dessert.  There's so many to choose from.  And the thing is, everything was delicious.  Our servers were great!  Very patient and attentive to us.  I can't say anymore.  This place is awesome, hands down!
4	Really Really large selection. Great value for the price.Top notch food.
4	I went for the brunch on long weekend.  Good food.  Plenty of choice.  Decent service.  I thought $35 was bit on the higher side.  I would have given 5 stars if it was $30!Overall, I would go there again.
4	My son and I went there for lunch yesterday.  The food was pretty good.  It's a bit pricey, but when you're in vegas at a casino, there's nothing cheap right?  $42 dollars for both of us.  I think we probably could have found an off strip steakhouse and eaten better for less.  But hey, we're on vacation right?  I did manage to subsidize some of the meal by handing out some $10 dollar lap dances to some passing women (okay, and one guy, but he was dressed like a woman and I didn't know until I was halfway through the dance).  I don't want to talk about it anymore.  :-)  In a nutshell, it's good, lots of selection, but for the money if you're just wanting lunch and not to "gorge" yourself.  Find a nicer sit down restaurant off the strip.
5	I was watching the Travel channel last year it was the All you can Eat Paradise show. I told my self the next time I went to Vegas I knew I wanted to visit and see for myself. So for 30th Birthday I wanted to go to Vegas and I did. I told everyone that went with me and we need to go that and try it. So we went and it was Lunch time. It wasn't as busy as I heard for Dinner. It did not disappoint me. everything was great. The next time you go to Vegas I recommend that you visit The Bellagio and eat at their Buffet. It's pricey but worth the money.
5	This buffet goes head to head with the Wynn's buffet for the best in Vegas. I pick the Bellagio over the Wynn every single time and I'll tell you why-- THE WAIT IS SHORTER.Honestly, when it gets to the fancy $40 per person buffets, the food is pretty much the same. You get all the gourmet meats, all the gourmet desserts, and excellent service. To get anything else would be business suicide especially when you're catering to supposedly rich clientale.The difference is the wait. The Bellagio used to be excruciating before the Wynn opened but it's manageable unless you come 7pm on the dot. Then I will laugh at you. That's like coming to the DMV after everyone's off work.There is something for everyone at this buffet and it's good breakfast, lunch, and dinner.One cute trick my brother figured out is if you come in towards the end of lunch and pay the lunch price, they will switch to dinner with the dinner foods. Thus, you can get dinner for the price of lunch. I'm not sure if they close down the buffet during this period, it's been a few months since I last visited.
3	The Buffet at the Bellagio was good - the ravioli was really good, the sushi was not bad, and there were lots of fun desserts to show from. However, nothing really blew me away. I think I've decided that I'm not really a buffet person - I'd rather just pick one really great dish from the menu at a regular restaurant and have that.
4	ABSOLUTELY AWESOME Great food and great variety. Every time you get up for another round it seems like everything has been replaced with new dishes! Endless options here. This buffet is right up there with the Wynn buffet. really great.cheers
3	OK buffet @40 bucks.Extremely crowded and very long lines make for a so so experience.I had a line pass,but if I didn't ,there would be no way I would stand in line for an hour to give them $40 bucks to eat an OK buffet.I've eaten at other places that are better and cheaper,but there is something about the folks bragging that they ate at the Bellagio that makes this some sort of Mecca.Not a must do.
5	4.5 stars!!!Came here while on vacation and planned it so we got in 30 minutes before they switched to the dinner menu. = $20 for the dinner menu!!! FTWSnow crab and king crab legs were much better here than at the Wynn. Tasted fresher and sweeter. Corn on the cob was ridiculously sweet (good thing)Prime rib wasn't as good as the Wynn but it was still really good. They offered Kobe beef but it didn't taste like the melt in your mouth kobe beef that I expected. They had a lot of variety and everything tasted fresh. The desserts were great...creme brulee and flan were amazing! I would go here again in a heart beat!!!
5	The only buffet I will eat at in Las Vegas!I'm not a fan of buffets but I thought this one was good!  I liked that the different ethnic food station had their own chefs constantly plated hot food.
5	The lines for this place were prettty long when we arrived at around 6:35 on a Saturday night. We ended up being seated at around 7:45 or so. The food's pretty good food for 35pp. For me, the highlights of the buffet  were the prime rib, the spicy raw salmon cubes (forgot the exact name!), and the desserts.  The quality of the prime rib was surprisingly good for a buffet, and with the horseradish+au jus, it was just heavenly. I also tried a couple of the other meats, like quail and ostrich and kobe beef... both of which I'm not a fan of. They were a bit too dry and bland. sadness. Even though I was stuffed to the max after eating a whole plate of raw fish and meat (no veggies at all !! I felt super great and healthy afterward.........), I made lots of room for dessert. My favorites are the square fruit tart (ate two of those), the chocolate brownie. And they have raspberry sorbet!!! The coffee tiramisu is not bad either, but I'm sure I would've enjoyed it a lot more if I weren't developing super food coma at the time.  We stuffed ourselves for 20 minutes straight! Bf even said 'No time to talk. eating.' so yeah, we were frantically eating for the short time we were there  (we had to catch at show at 9). We didn't feel too good afterward, but it was worth it. SO worth it.
4	I ate here for brunch on Sunday. The wait wasn't short (around 45 mins) but if you've ever been to Boiling Crab, you won't worry about the line.$25 for regular brunch/lunch or $30 to add champagne, which isn't bad at all.I wouldn't recommend eating any carbs here - french toast, waffles, bread, cheese blintz etc. No, not even the banana stuffed french toast. They're all so meh - like i'm sure you could make better ones yourself. The custom omelets were fine but they definitely overdo the cheese. Skip the breakfast sausage - they look delectable but they're so tough and very dry (sad panda). Regular bacon was solid though.Definitely go for the fish (Bluenose and Salmon) and any of the hand-carved meats (Prime Rib, Hand-Carved Bacon). Don't bother with the Green Curry Duck, though - looks disgusting and no taste whatsoever. Breakfast sausage was terrible and dry. The spicy tuna hand rolls were tasty. Desserts are typical buffet quality with the chocolate eclair being the standout.Couldn't tell you about the salad - that's what we Asians call, "a waste of money and stomach space." if you're going to a buffet, keep your eye on the prize, don't 'rest your stomach' for too long and hold your bread, rice and pasta until the end. Remember, you're there for the meat and seafood (aka: the expensive stuff). Vaya con dios.
5	As with all buffets after a few dishes, food doesn't even make sense anymore !!! Here's what I loved about this dinner1) Beef WELLINGTON !! Yum!!! Delicious flaky pastry criss crossed cloaking a perfectly cooked steak2) Coconut Macadamia BarThe crab legs were 'eh' but I definitely ate enough to make the $35 worth it. 3) The custom crepe - by the time I made it to the crepe (after having had samples of their italian pizzas, lobster ravioli, sausage penne, and lamb rib) I found that it took my last ounce of energy to appreciate.  Why hadn't I gotten the custom crepe first?!It's definitely not a big seafood buffet - the stars here are the meats and the desserts (so plan accordingly)
4	Insanely delicious buffet for the price! Even at the mediocre buffets in the medicore hotels, you're looking at 35 bucks a person for dinner, but at bellagio it was only 28 bucks I believe and the food was phenomenal. My entire family had a food coma by the end of the night, I felt like crawling back to my hotel room... ahahaha. Most memorable plate I had was the desserts. Oh how I'm a sucker for desserts and this place definitely delivers the goods. They're cocktail shrimp and crab legs were good too. They had things from prime rib, filet mignon, tacos, pizza, sushi, to even gourmet mac n cheese. They had over 5 different types of bread as well, I love bread. ahaha. I would definitely eat her again the next time I'm in Vegas, can't really compare it to Wynn's buffet since I havent tried that, but bellagio I can say definitely does not disappoint!
5	I went there for dinner buffet and all the food was awesome! I can't remember what I ate, but I do remember that everything was of high quality, unlike other hotel buffets which only have some good and some bad! For example, I like eating smoked salmon, Bellagio's smoked salmon tastes fresh and rich. They have a wide range of different food, and I think that it is really worth the slightly higher price one has to pay for this buffet as compared to the other cheaper ones!
4	Still one of the best buffets on The Strip. For less than $30 per person for dinner, it was a deal. Those who know me know I am not a buffet guy, but this is one of the few exceptions. Although, my one and only complaint this time is the fact that they didn't have my strawberry tart this time! F*#$%! S*&@#! I LOVED THAT D@MN TART the last time we came! Ate like 5 of them on a full stomach! So sad. 8(I really like the prime rib. This time I found something else I really liked. It was a Southwest Tataki (seared) Ahi Sashimi Salad. Man I think I had three servings of the stuff.Anyway, Strawberry Tart, I don't know where you have gone, but I love you. Come back home soon, so the next time I visit I can relish in your savory sweetness and gramcrackery crust.
4	Showed up to this place for lunch around 1:30 to find a huge line we had to wait in before even getting in this place.  Yes, while in line, I think we even went as far to compare the line to be similar to those found at Disneyland.But for a buffet as good as this was, I guess a line could only be expected.All You Can Eat Buffet that serves food from many different cultures.  During lunch, they were making omelets, and on my second or third round, I definitely got myself one of those.  Of course they had prime rib, and since we had to wait so long in line to get in, we ended up sliding over to food for dinner (even though we only paid the lunch price) - Yippee.  That meant crab legs.  MmmmMmm.Desserts were pretty yummy.  However, I filled up so much on the rest of the food, my tummy could barely handle any dessert, which made me sad.This is just one of many buffets in Vegas.  Would I come again?  Yes, but probably not soon, there's plenty more I would like to try out too.
5	Food never made us happier! This is by far THE BEST dinner buffet money can buy.Yes it's worth the wait, and yes it's worth the $40 per person.You will find something for even the most pickiest eater and still get your money's worth!We will be coming back here again and again.
3	I had read that you need to get here right at 4pm to avoid the long lines, and that my friends is true! By the time we left at around 6pm the line stretched all the way down the casino. So we felt a little bit like old folks eating dinner so early but it was well worth it. The Buffet itself has a wide selection of delicious options and most of them are definitely on the high end of the scale. The Alaskan king crab legs seemed to be a huge hit. No lobster though! The desserts were amazing and I'm not usually one to be tempted but the key lime tart lets were too good to be true! Overall I would say this is a good bet for early dinner or late lunch and for $35 it was reasonable.
4	One of my favorite buffets in Vegas....awesome goodnessThis place, in my opinon, is BETTER than the Wynn buffet because not only does it offer a wider selection of food, it is also a few bucks cheaper than the Wynn.Yes, there's always a long line, but what do you expect? It's the Bellagio Buffet for crying out loud! If you're ever here on a Saturday for lunch, I'd recommend that you come around 3pm (a late lunch), pay the lunch price, and stay until dinner. Dinner is served at 4pm and this way you can pay $25 instead of $32-33 for their seafood dinner!!I love their dessert selection...the sugar free strawberry cheesecake is to DIE for...nomnomnom. Highly recommended!
3	Not as good as Wynn.
5	Damn good buffet. I went on a Monday night and it was $27 per person. The other reviewers compared this place to Wynn's buffet. Since I haven't tried Wynn's, I'll have to give Bellagio 5 stars. All the dishes were fresh and delicious. Kobe beef was delicious, prime rib was tender, Chinese dishes were good and not too salty, and the desserts were too much! I'd add another star if I could just because I won playing the roulette. It paid for dinner for three and more.
2	Voted Number 1 buffet in Vegas.. so of course I had to try it. Maybe it was the brunch/lunch menu, but I wasn't impressed. The lamb was just OK. Nothing Spectacular. The cut of Prime Rib that was served to me was dry and over cooked. The curry chicken had great presentation, but lacked major taste. All the food looked great, but no mouth orgasms here folks :( The only good thing about this place was the dessert. I had one of everything and they all tasted wonderful. Next time, I'll try the dinner. Maybe it was the dinner buffet that was voted number 1? Definitely had better buffets in Roseville/Lincoln than this buffet.
5	This place is INCREDIBLE...for 30$ even for dinner buffet, you can't beat it...Great quality food and great selectionThe ONLY bad thing is that it is just so damn popular. even on a tues night you can wait an hour easy just to be seated...so get there early!Everything from fresh crab legs, sushi dishes, mahi mahi, ahi, Thai food, Southern cooking, Seafood is very fresh, Mexican, Italian. and the Desserts! so many dessert options very very good. if it were 40 dollars i would pay it...love this BUFFET! i only wish i had 3 stomachs
5	I've got THREE words for you! SUGAR...FREE...DESSERTS!!!!Holy Mother Of  BLEEP!Listen, all you "regular" healthy people have no clue what this means to someone who is Diabetic (Hypoglycemic). I have been FORCED to give up sweets for the past year and have been living in HELL. lolAlright, let me rewind....My Fiance & I were told that The Buffet At Bellagio is the BEST in Las Vegas. So we head down for Dinner and wait in the Massive Line (1 Hour). I was very happy to see the fresh and amazing selection of hot and cold food at the buffet. I was also impressed with the Sushi and Chinese section. Very tasty, satisfying and CLEAN! Out of all the Buffet's I have tried, Bellagio's was by far the best.So...after I finish my 5th plate of food that SAD time of night arrives. "Dessert Time". A time of night that I NEVER get to be apart of because of my medical condition. Lame Lame Lame...I decided to tease myself by strolling around their Dessert Buffet Selection to see what I could have been eating if I didn't have this sucky lame condition. As I come around the last corner of desserts before my eyes there was a BRIGHT LIGHT...Is this GOD?JESUS??!No.....even better.SUGAR FREE DESSERTS !! BLEEPIN' BLEEP!LORD O MIGHTY!They had Cheesecake and Apple Crumb Pie! I had 20 pieces, and laid on the ground.... thank you Bellagio. With tears in my little eyes... Thank You.
4	Another buffet on The Strip.  Definitely better than most but still not without its flaws.  The Buffet at Bellagio is probably the most recommended when coming to Vegas, but it doesn't always live up to the hype.  Lines are incredibly long at times.  Waiting can be upwards of  an hour....just to eat in Vegas.  The decor is drab and dim and doesn't really convey a good eating atmosphere.  The food is mediocre but does get better on the weekends, which is a few dollars more as well.If you happen to get to the Buffet and the line isn't very long, it's not a bad choice.  Otherwise, go somewhere else and come back some other time.
3	Over-rated in a town where you can get better buffet food at a much lower cost. Long lines are not worth the wait. Look elsewhere
4	Good food. Long line. It is really hard to say if this one is better of if the Wynn takes the top spot but either way, you won't leave here hungry. We went for brunch and the omelet station was amazing.
5	FOODIE/PANDA HEAVEN. Came here for dinner right before the Cirque de Soleil-O show. There was a line, about 30 minutes, but seriously, quit your bitchin. There are lines for the Olive Garden too and their food is stank nasty, so pick your battles! The food here is SO WORTH IT. WOWWWWW. I never even knew what a buffet was until I came here, DAYUM! There is SO MUCH FOOD! Not only plentiful, but great quality and HUGE variety! Salad bars, sushi bars, soups, indian, thai, fresh fruit, desserts, seafood, meat, pasta, mexican, american, italian, greek...it goes on. There's also stuff I've never heard of, but happily piled onto my plate. Grilled yahoo? I thought that was an internet service provider, but you look very yummy and om nom, so onto the plate you go! =)Memorable bites: those MASHED SWEET POTATOES. I'm pretty sure if diabetes took a food form, this dish would be it. But it is sooooooooooo gooooood. And who's gonna come into the Bellagio Buffet and start giving a shit about their health? Did you really just pay $35 to stand around by the salad bar? Live a little! Carpe diem! The Bellagio Buffet is where you check your coat and health at the door and start EATING like you've never seen food before in your life! Get those mashed sweet potatoes cuz they clammin in yo windows, rapin yo taste buds, and callin yo name!!!!-Chilean sea bass was tender and juicy and very flavorful. Mmmmmm-Pesto mashed potatoes. I love pesto, so this was awesome!-Pecan pie was the best dessert (and I tried all of them)Please, do yourself a favor and fast for a week before you come here. You will thank me for the life-altering food coma you'll find yourself in after your meal. You may even need gastric bypass surgery afterwards, but it's so worth it! Coming here was the only time that I've wished that I was like a cow and had multi-chambered stomachs just so I could eat more delicious food!EXPONENTIALLY BOMBASS BUFFET! A MUST-EAT IN VEGAS!!!!!
5	The buffet at the Bellagio is well worth the price of $30 for midweek dinner. We filled up on sushi, crab legs, kobe beef, shrimp, lamb, prime rib, oso buco, and all the traditional fixings. Oh, and we tried at least one bite of every dessert -- totally awesome. As I mentioned in another review for Rain Forest Cafe, My wife and I spent less at The Bellagio than on 1 app, 1 meal, 1kids pizza, and 2 drinks at the Rain Forest. My son, 3 years old, ate for free. We're going back next time Vegas and I'd recommend you check it out too.
2	We got to the buffet around 1130am on Sunday for the brunch. The line wasn't too bad, I guess because we got here pretty early. We waited about 15-20 min. The service was good and they were pretty organized.  I thought the food was mediocre. They have a guy that makes an omellete fresh for you, but I've had similar experience at a Marie Calendars. The best thing during the brunch that was even worth mentioning is the herb crusted prime rib.  Other than that the selection is okay, they have salads, pizza, a little bit of Asian cuisine and some fish.  I wasn't a fan of their dessert.  It's not that huge and their dessert is not worth mentioning either; it didn't look that appealing.  The best thing they had was the strawberry and peach sorbet, which was very refreshing. Sorry Bellagio, brunch buffet for $23 sounded good, but the only thing I'd be coming back for is the prime rib.
4	I got 5 plates of food so I think I make enough rounds to judge the place.  Now first off, where the hell is the pasta station?  I remember there being a pasta station before.  Maybe that was at another place.  Disappointing.The seafood was really good. As was the prime rib, crab, duck, quail, and crab.  Fresh made spicy tuna rolls were proper.I recommend this place but I was expecting more.  In particular the lamb was NOT properly marinated.
3	Great buffet. I think I gained 5 lbs before the check came. I just changed my mind and took away a star cuz I remember the steak or whatever meat they were serving was not that good.
4	YUMM-O!  Me, I'm a huge HUGE fan of buffets because you get all you can eat for one (sometimes low) price!  Seriously, I love to eat.  And more often than not I care about quantity over quality.  Yes I know I should get out of that habit.  In fact, the buffets are one of the reasons I moved to Las Vegas to go to UNLV!  We just don't have spreads of buffets all over Hawaii, and to me this was heaven.I'm older now, and my metabolism is slowin' down just a tiny bit...the pooch shows from too much eatin' if there's no cardio runnin'!  Gone are the days of eating cold pizza for breakfast, Reubens from the dining commons for lunch (God I love those things), In-N-Out for dinner, and beer for dessert!  I've noticed my palatte gets tired of the same old thing too, my taste buds like to be surprised every once in a while.  This buffet brings back lots of memories.  Back in college, it was the first 'gourmet' buffet my school homies had ever been to.  I remember the Sunday brunch fondly, where else could we go and drink all the mimosas we wanted?  Getting hammered at breakfast seemed like a nice option at the time!  Not too shabby back then for only $25!  We felt like big spenders!It's been a long time but the food is still good.  I took the kids there for their first ever fancy buffet (believe me, they're used to buffets like the one at Station Casinos but that's another review for another time) and boy were they surprised!  Like, eyes wide open and drooling surprised!  They couldn't believe this much food could be in one place.Thanks to me, we were at the buffet well over 2 hours and got a little sample (okay, large sample) of what the Bellagio had to offer for lunch and dinner.  More on this later.  Anyway, we tried just about everything they had!  We went to town, the kids went APE-$**T!  If it was edible, it was put on a plate.  There was mounds of crab legs (which the little one loved because they were already cut in half, she had 2 plates), succulent prime rib, Angus beef sliders, pizza after gourmet pizza (Shrimp Scampi was my fav), veggie spring rolls, spare ribs, Kobe sirloin, lamb chops, and Beef Wellington was enjoyed by all.  We even tried lots of different stuff, like hand rolled sushi rolls, venison, duck confit (yum!),  roasted elk, ostrich, Chilean sea bass, seafood vol au vent (seafood in puff pastry), and steak tartar!  Fancy, fancy y'all!  The food buzz was kickin' in but no one had even touched dessert yet!  Dessert ran rampant in this place!  We of course, had a bit of everything we could fit.  Creme brulee, cappuccino mousse, lemon tarts, fruit tarts, chocolate cake, tiramisu, oh so many more we stuffed our faces with!  I was totally, utterly full after this meal.  I for sure made the kids eat our money's worth as well!  This place ain't cheap!  But they loved it!!Wanna sample as much gluttony as possible!  Best tip I can give you, go to the Bellagio for lunch but go late at like 3 PM.  Pay $20 + tax to get in, enjoy the last offerings of lunch...then prepare for dinner!  Dinner items start rolling out at around 3:30 PM.  Good thing too because the gourmet dinner costs upward of $38 + tax depending on whether or not it's a holiday or a weekend.  Save your A$$ some money in this recession!  You can use that money for TUMS afterwards.
1	I would like to say first that my 1 star does not reflect the food available at this buffet at all, entirely the service. That being said that food is not much different than many other high end buffets offered on the strip for the exact same price, and certainly not more delicious or different enough to go back and undergo the same treatment. A group of 5 of us decided to have brunch there on Sunday. The line was incredibly long but we were not in a hurry and waited patiently for about 30-40 minutes. We were all on vacation, staying at the hotel, and this was our last opportunity to spend time together before we all left (to various cities/states) later that evening. Each of us ordered the "unlimited" champagne option with the intention of eating, drinking, and hanging out for quite some time. At first our server was very helpful. He was friendly and was prompt to refill our waters, juice, and champagne. After we were there for a couple of hours he asked us if we needed anything else because he was getting ready to leave. This was obviously his cue that he wanted a tip but that was fine, most of us have worked in the service industry and he was polite about it. Two of us had tipped him on our credit card and another one of us at the table gave him $20 upon this cue. 30 minutes or so passed and we were all running low on drinks and a new server had not been by to greet us. We spotted him walking by and asked him if he could refill our drinks or send whichever coworker was going to be taking over our table. At this point his personality had taken a complete 180 and he rudely explained that we drank too much and he wasn't going to provide anymore refills on the "unlimited" champagne. This was entirely untruthful and ridiculous for all of the following reasons:1) We had been there for 3 hours at this point, yes we had been drinking semi-continuously during this time but we were also continuously eating. 2) there were FIVE of us, obviously the amount of champagne the entire table consumed was going to be elevated vs. most tables of 2 or 33) Not once did anybody at the table show any signs of intoxication of the slightest bit. There was nothing spilled, dropped, no falling down, no impaired walking, no harsh words, absolutely no indication that a single person should not continue to be served. 4) Just because you have already received your tip from a table that you may or may not have found to be adequate for the amount of time they were taking up space in your section is NEVER a valid reason to begin acting rude and uncooperative. We then asked to speak with the manager to demonstrate that everybody at the table was in a clear state of mind and express how unfair and unhappy we were with the treatment. She was of absolutely no help and then explained she could give us "one more round, but that was it" SO if the argument is that a table has drank far too much and can not be served anymore for "legal purposes" as we were told doesn't it seem a bit counter intuitive and just plain wrong to provide with them "just one more drink" Exactly. After all of this one of the girls at our table decided to go up to the bar to purchase her own drink and of course, they took her money and served her one. Yes there are probably people that take advantage of the "unlimitedness" of the buffet but isn't that the POINT?? We are not there every weekend doing this we were simply trying to get the most out of our last day there.  We were tipping well, spending money on Keno, and being extremely decent and respectful to everyone that worked there. As mentioned earlier the food is of no superior quality to the plethora of other brunches on or near the strip at the same price: Wynn, Bayside Buffet, Rio, even Treasure Island and I am sure the experience would be much more pleasant.
4	4.95 stars.  I know I've been soo picky about my ratings lately but I can't give a perfect rating if there are some things that aren't up to par.Definitely top 2 best buffets I've had!!  I loooooove the carving station here.  I'd have to say that's why I keep coming back to Bellagio.  They always have succulent prime rib which is my favorite here.  They also have other interesting meats during their gourmet dinners such as Kobe beef, tri tip, ostrich, beef wellington, rotisserie chicken...the list goes on and on. The other options at Bellagio are good.  Typical pizza & italian dishes.  Decent asian food. Nothing that stands out too much.  It's really the meat here that makes this place.But the one other thing that I really enjoy here is their cooking station during gourmet dinners.  It's this dish that is in a puff pastry cup.  You can add a bunch of different items such as shrimp, mushrooms, onions, tomatoes and then have a tomato based sauce or a pesto sauce.  There are bunch of other things you can add to this I just can't remember what else was available.  But the sauce on this thing is TO DIE FOR.  Whether you get the pesto or tomato you'll be fully satisfied.  I really really love this and always save room in my tummy for at least one of them. Thank you Bellagio for letting me wallow in all your meaty goodness!
3	After hearing about the Bellagio Mimosa Brunch the husband and I had to try it. While there was anything that anyone could possibly want. It took way to long to get the Mimosas and I did not drink my $30 dollars worth of Mimosas. We went a little later in the morning and it felt as though we were the last to the party. Stations were closing and food was being removed.It was a spectacular spread none the less and while we pigged out and had a wonderful time when I think of unlimited Mimosas I picture pounding them back one after another. I think next time I will try Wynn. This is by far one of the better buffets on the strip.
4	This is an excellent buffet.  We had dinner here tonight.  I loved the Kobe sirloin, the mushroom ravioli with truffle pieces, and the roast lamb.  There was also some good salmon poke and jumbo peeled shrimp.  The food items are laid out in a nice order and they're easily accessible.  Of course, what would dinner be without mentioning desserts.  That is why we eat, no?  I had a dark chocolate, raspberry cone (a mini chocolate ice cream cone filled with creamy dark chocolate and fresh raspberries) and Key Lime tart.I would have given the buffet 5 stars except our server was quite slow despite the fact he didn't appear to have that many tables.  Iced tea refills were slow and he was slow to clear plates.I'll be back again to eat some of the things I didn't get to today like split crab legs, ahi poke, and some more of their excellent seafood dishes.
4	Come hungry!!! We came for lunch on a Monday. The food was really good, lots of choices including pizza, Chinese, salad, fruit, meat station, sushi, soups, pasta, and more. The dessert table was plentiful too. They had at least 10 mini dessert choices. Definitely recommend if in Vegas. The price was not bad at all for Vegas at $19.95 per person.
5	Came here for a late lunch/ early dinner.  Buffet is one of the best I have had. It was worth the $30 or so that I paid. I recommend this place.  Alaskan King Crab legs, Oysters, Kobe Sirloin Steaks, Desserts Galore. I ate so much food here and it all tasted great. The only complaint I have is that I prefer my Crab Legs to be warm, they are served cold at this buffet.
2	I honestly expected this buffet to be a LOT better. Maybe I just have high expectations for a buffet that I paid 45 bucks for .. I think it was dinner price but I went in at 4:30pm.We got seated rather quickly because it was kinda early for dinner time.There was nothing special about the food. very mediocre. Sushi was mediocre-it didn't taste as fresh as I had hoped.Dessert was NOT good. It looks really good & pretty though. To get my money's worth, I tried a bite of every single dessert they had. haha, yes my taste buds got a little confused here and there. Hands down, the creme brulee was the best! That one is the only one worth trying in my opinion :) Cheesecake was alright but like I said, nothing special.A random note: They have ostrich there..I'm a pescetarian so I don't eat that stuff but my friends all tried it and had to spit it out and chase it down with soda..I guess you can try if you want. Maybe it's an acquired taste but just a slight warning..it smells & looks pretty gross.The only reason I didn't give this 2 stars instead of 3 is because our waiter was super friendly. He kept coming back to take away our plates & refill our drinks.All in all, try a different buffet. I hear Mirage was better but have never actually tried it. Next time I will. You can pass for Bellagio Buffet. Save your money.
5	Worth every penny!  Tons of selection.
3	I remember back in the day when I was a little child this was my favorite buffet ever. I just love bellagio buffet and I would go all out every time I come here when I was a little kid. Haha I even remember the time when I would go eat lemon to help myself to stuff more food because it helped. That was some good times haha.Anyway I remember I went to bellagio a couple years back and I was totally dissappointing. This was my favorite buffet and it went downhill from the last time I went. I mean a major downgrade from what I tasted when I was a child. It was truly disappointing.Anyway I went back 3 weeks ago and I thought it improved from the last time. I wouldn't say its amazing but they do offer a lot of hot food,salad,bread and desserts. I went there for a Sunday brunch which brought me happiness because I love omelettes. So I got like 3 omelettes which made me pretty happy. I find the prime kind of rare but the taste was pretty good. There were a few items on the hot entree that was pretty delicious while a few I tried one bite and I left it there. Overall the buffet isn't bad so its not bad to try it out if you're in bellagio.
5	"Look at the camera""Look at the camera"This is all I heard as my friends videotaped me gorging myself on the crab legs.Come here about a half hour before dinner if you want to get in for the lunch price.  3:30 rolled around and it was on.  I went to town on 2lbs of crab legs.  They were cold and salty, but rinse them off in melted butter and you're good.  I also loved the corn on the cob.  The asparagus were crispy, which you don't usually find at buffets.  The ribs and the shrimp went well together.  The mashed potatoes were the best buffet mashed potatoes I've ever had.  I wouldn't waste time on the fried rice.  It was not the same quality as the rest of the food.  The only downside of the meal was that I didn't plan enough room for dessert, but it looked just as good as the dinner.
5	Me and a lagging friendgirl were just going to get Earl of Sandwich, to save some money and get something quick to eat... but my cousins and brother were in line for the Bellagio buffet and text bombed me to get my ass over there to spend some quality time.I acquiesced, and it took another 30 minutes before we arrived at the buffet, to see a MASSIVE line.  En route, I had received a text that we were already paid for, so just go to the entrance and call them.  I felt pretty VIP status walking past probably 140 people, and having my friend greet me to walk us to our corner booth.On to the food.  I got a few slices of duck, which was meh.  But the prime rib.  Oh my god, the prime rib was good.  I could've eaten a few more slices of that, finishing with dessert, and still felt the $40 buffet dinner was worth it.  I didn't feel any of the veggies I got were especially flavorful.My second plate was my "fish plate."  Although as soon as I started eating, I realized I should've started with a soup, followed by fish, and then onto the red meats... but oh well, it's a buffet.I was surprised with the selection of fish -- I had 4 kinds.  The first was seabass, and it was ok.  It wasn't bad, but I wouldn't get a second serving.  The 2nd was swordfish, which had a more solid texture, but the flavor left something to be desired.  The 3rd fish, I forget the name of, but the casino corn sauce or whatever its called was a surprising delight.  The last was halibut, which proved to be a major disappointment.  There was a gritty texture, and the flavor was non-existent.I also had the mint sweet pea soup, but... well, it was "interesting."  One small spoonful was enough for me (well, plus a second just to reflect on the flavor).My third plate (yea, I was weaksauce that day) was my dessert plate.  Everyone at the table exclaimed that I was a fatty, and that I better finish all that dessert.  Oh man, the dessert was what I was excited about as soon as I saw what was offered here.The apricot mousse was flavorful.  A bit tart for my taste, but a lovely smooth texture.  They had chocolate covered strawberries too, but my friend jacked mine.  I liked the cream puff, which had a strawberry in it, but my friend thought the cream sucked.  The carrot cake was awesome.  Now, to be honest, I only got the carrot cake because this white dude swooped in to grab 3 plates of carrot cake as soon as they were put out.  And I was like "OH SHIT, THESE MUST BE GOOD!" to which he replied "YEA they are! they finally made some more!"And it was indeed GOOD.  It was moist... had a cream cheese top layer... minced carrot... ah, I don't feel like reminiscing the experience because its making me hungry.The fruit tart was also a "hit" for me.  The key lime tart was my final dessert, and i was pretty stuffed, so I couldn't finish it.  But it was tangy and good.  My second biggest disappointment was not scoring a creme brulee which my brother and cousin raved about (the pastry section was out at the time).  And my biggest was being c-blocked by my friendgirl.I was on my way to get that 2nd fish plate, when this cute girl looked my way.  But she glanced past my shoulder to see my friendgirl, so she quickly averted her eyes and moved on.  I thought about approaching her after, but she was sitting at a table with a guy that may or may not have been her bf.  I pussied out, and focused my attention on the pitting stomach pain.4 stars became 5 stars because I didn't have a bad experience in the toilet after.  And did I mention that prime rib was fatty and delicious?
4	Pricey We rolled 12 deep to this Buffet . And since it was Labor Day  Weekend they were Charging Holiday prices $43.19 Per Person LOL.This buffet has it all -Crab,Prime Rib ,Roast duck ,Rack Of Lamb ,Maryland Crab Cakes and Too many to name Entrees. They also have a full Dessert Station with Creme Brulee,Tiramisu,Flan and too many to name Pastries. If your a Buffet Lover this is one to check out.
4	This is a breakfast review.Tasty, limited choice, TERRIBLE organization of the lines, better coffee than most but that's not saying much, they roll out lunch before 11am so don't plan on sneaking in for breakfast near lunchtime.
3	The labor day holiday garnered a forty dollar holiday dinner per person.  We waited about 45 min in line...boy, it was packed.  Overall the food was pretty average.  But  if you're seeking quanitity and variety, forty dollars is certainly worth it (e.g one lb of Alaskan King Crabs will cost you over 20 bucks at the grocery store so you do the math...) In that respect,  Bellagio's buffet is probably the best in Vegas (I'd choose Bellagio over Wynn as well). The service was excellent as our drinks were constantly refilled and plates were taken away promptly, The best parts of the buffet are the desserts, Alaskan king crab legs, and various pasta options.  The most disappointing were the cuts of meat such as the kobe beef and  prime rib which were dry and flavorless. Next time I'll skip the buffet though as i enjoy smaller quanities of food at a higher quality vs large quanities of mediocre food so i'd get a real meal at Michael Mina's down the hall.
2	Overall, this place didn't really meet my expectations. I think (as with any buffet) there are hits and misses. They had such a variety of food that anybody could find something to eat there. The highlight is definitely the prime rib. I tried to get a little bite of everything, from salads (mixed greens) and soups (chicken noodle) to omelets and noodles. I think the mixed greens was a little overdressed and the chicken noodle was very bland. The french toast was also not that great-- really chewy. They had a poached fish (halibut?) with broccolini that I really liked. I love broccolini and went back for seconds, but the second set turned out to be ice cold broccolini! Cold broccolini + hot fish = no bueno. I think that was the most disappointing of all. I can't pay $30 for lunch and be satisfied with that!
3	We paid $30 for lunch buffet on a Monday for labor day holiday. I would say it is definently worth it IF you can eat tons of snow crab legs and prime rib. For us girls, I could barely get through a plate and a half....but still when you head to vegas you have to hit up at least one buffet.The decor is not great. But there wasn't much of a wait.  I was for some reason addicted to the fresh grapefruit juice. The bacon was extra crispy and I was also super happy they had sushi for lunch even if it was the basic cali roll.  I also liked the shrimp cocktail, smoked salmon, chicken noodle soup, seaweed salad, and sausage. I'm glad I did not overeat, but I did skip out on dinner, one buffet meal is enough for me for a day...i was so full by the end I could not look at anymore food.
4	This used to be my favorite buffet in Vegas until I discovered the Cravings Buffet at the Mirage Casino. But I'll save that for a different review. As for The Buffet at the Bellagio, if you time it right and beat the crowd, it's wonderful. There are buckets of ice cold already cracked Alaskan King Crab legs that are excellent. Aside from sea food, they have an Asian food section, Italian food, Meat station, salad bar, sushi bar, various breads, and a dessert bar. Over all, the food is really good and the variety is pretty vast.*I would only come here for dinner. The breakfast food was disappointing. So my rating is solely off of their dinner selection.
1	Maybe I went on an off day.This buffet reminded me of Hometown Buffet. Sad, worn out, and full of subpar food.
5	What's being the so call "best hotel" in Vegas if it doesn't have the best food right?  So here we go, the buffet at the Bellagio... the long awaited review for one of my favorite buffets of all time!First of all, I love the clean look of the place.. nothing fancy or spectacular but being what it is and where it is located, you just feel like this is no ordinary buffet.The buffet lines is wavy designed starting from the right side to the left side of the facility.I usually skipped the first section and go toward the hot food sections instead... (I'm not a big fan of cheese/bread and I feel that having salads at buffets really is not worth the price I'm paying and defeats the purpose -- especially in Bellagio)  So I just cut to the chase...Rack of lamb:  Juicious maximus!  Love the tenderness of their rack of lamb!  But sometimes the chefs can be stingy and only gives out 2 pcs or so... I'd usually have someone help me get a couple more so I wouldn't have to make the additional trip.Prime rib:  What do you expect?  It was cooked perfectly and juicy as well!  If you want it bloody, they got it.  If you want it well done, it's available for you as well.. anyway you like it it's pretty much available to you just have to tell it to the chef.  (they will try to accomodate as much as possible)  Beef Wellington:  Delicious beef wrapped in bread... did I mention "buttery" bread?  Oh yeah.... it was buttery alright....YUMMY!What's this?  Many variations of fresh made pizzas?  Not the basic kinds that you would find at the lower end buffets.. all the great stuff that is up to the caliber of CPK and other fine pizza establishments!  I had a veggie pizza and it was wonderful!  (But didn't want to fill my stomach up with useless carbs.. keep moving forward please...)Same goes for pasta dishes.. looked absolutely wonderful.... but has to pass due to the carb regulations... no can't do sir!  Only sampled here and their and it was wonderful!Asian food:  I'm asian... usually not too excited about getting asian food at buffets unless it's like Makino's or Midori's  (pls refer to my other reviews) So took a few bok choys just to fill some void in the veggies column... that's all...Seafood... ok.. took almost everything here because of it's cost and it's taste.. all seafood were great as there were many to choose from... but most memorable was the sea bass... SUPER BUTTERY like you are eating butter straight up!!  (I wonder if that was actually butter carved into looking like sea bass?  Regardless... melt in your mouth like a chocolate yet it's fish!  Go figure!)  This is a must and hopefully they offer it when you are visiting this place....  (sometimes they leave it off the menu for some reason.....(sad days)Sushi:  Not a great selection as it's not known for that but it's got some basic selections, but their tuna ahi poke sashimi was super jammin!  Chunky pieces of ahi marinated in vinegary soy sauce with seseme... awesome sashimi!Soup:  Cream of corn was heavenly.... It's like drinking liquid gold! Finally, the dessert!  Way too many selections to choose from!  Bellagio buffet also have one of the largest sugar-free sections so it's definitely a plus!  Everything is good here!  No additonal explanation necessary!  (Just try them all!)Lastly, service was impeccable.... what do you expect?  It's Bellagio!  Drinks were always topped, servers has always been wonderful and courteous, and the staff overall was great!  (we took a long time there and they never once ever rushed us out even though there is a long wait outside for seating!  And they asked us if we wanted coffee!  Awesome!I can't say enough good thing about this place... it's an experience you must have for yourself....I never had a bad time here and hopefully you will get to enjoy what I've always enjoyed here.. a perfect ending to a long day in vegas.....I'm Bellagio biased..... and will always be!
4	28.95 for sunday champagne brunch!! was it worth it? heck yes!i am not a champagne person, but hey it was the weekend and i was in vegas, so why not?! the champagne doesnt stop flowing until 5pm, we came at around 3pm and our glasses were constantly being filled to the top. we had crab legs, shrimp cocktail, prime rib those were pretty decent. we also had some of the breakfast food such as Belgium waffles and french toast those were okay, i've had better.the desserts were really good, i loved their flan and key lime tart. i had a raspberry chocolate cake, i could only taste chocolate and no hint of raspberry at all! we also shared this peach and other fruit parfait like dessert that was delicious!
3	I'm going to give this a 3 stars...  Great selection though: Ostrich, duck, lamb, sea bass, swordfish, sushi, prime rib, shrimp, king crab, snow crab, beef wellington... etc... definitely a "gourmet buffet" on saturday night!I just wanted to give a quick summary on the good and the bad:Excellent:Sea BassServiceSpicy tuna temakiGood:SwordfishReal crab cali rollsMushroom orzoBad:King and snow crab were SO salty!Duck was undercookedDIDN"T HAVE ENOUGH ROOM TO TRY DESERTS!!!! ARRRGGH!It's worth it if there isn't a line and you stick to the good stuff.
4	Worth going for the Kobe beef and pasta.
2	I came here after reading all the reviews. My sister and friend wanted to try it. I gave it a shot and I must say i wont be back. It wasn't what I expected. Food was okay nothing great. I guess you have to be a seafood lover. The pastas weren't so good and the pizzas were lame. The only good thing I had was a delicious chocolate strawberry!
2	For a 25 min. wait and $31 bucks, I was underwhelmed. Maybe if I liked Crab legs I would have felt I got my moneys worth, but for someone small and slightly picky who doesn't eat a ton in one sitting, this isn't worth it. The food selection seemed a bit random... there were tons of choices, but no real continuity. My other issue was the service. I know it's a buffet, but I felt like because we were two 20-something females, the server didn't really give us the time of day. We had to wait forever to get drinks, never got water refills, and it took forever to get her to come over as ask if we wanted coffee. The tables around us, which were filled with older couples, were constantly getting drink refills, plates cleared, etc.
1	We stayed at the Bellagio, so we couldn't decide where to eat dinner, so we decided to try the Bellagio buffet.  The line was extremely long, and we waited for over an hour to get in.  The selection of food was average, and nothing to brag about.  The taste of the food is nothing compared to the Wynn's buffet.  The service was ridiculous.  We probably got one of the WORST servers there.  She could not get our drink orders right and did not want to remove any of the dirty plates.  One of the other servers actually sneezed on someone's food when they walked by.  It was terrible.  I had higher expectations for their buffet since it was the Bellagio, but I walked away never wanting to eat there again.  HORRIBLE.
2	The Buffet at Bellagio was ok, but not everything it's hyped up to be.  I've heard that this is supposed to be the best buffet on the strip, but the food selection and atmosphere were both average.  The different cuisines were also not well organized... it was difficult to find the Asian food from the Mesican food, etc.  I would suggest going elsewehre.
2	Honestly my fav place for buffet at Vegas is the Wynn....similar in price but the food served here somehow for me missed it's mark.....and I am more into main meal as opposed to dessert but If I had an amazing meal I will be tempted to go further and try something sweet......well after having a few things here including their crab legs which were too salty...... I just couldn't continue on with dessert...... I was done.The happiest place for me in Vegas is the Wynn......
3	We have a friend visiting who loves buffets so I've been at more buffets in the last few weeks than I'd been to in the last year! Sadly underwhelmed by the Bellagio Buffet overall , based on the price. I remember loving it in the past.  This week , my rating:  just "OK."  The crab legs (which I adore and trust me, I am not very discerning where crab legs are concerned) were still a bit frozen. Also, I remember in the past the fruit options were pretty upscale -- berries and such. This week, just melon and  bananas.   The fact that they had a good sushi area with plenty of options saved the night for me.
5	This is my favorite buffet on the strip! They have a great selection, great service, and price is comparable to other buffets.
4	I always heard to try the buffets in Vegas but whenever I hear the word "buffet," I think of mass-produced lo mein and grease. So when my Vegas group wanted to try the buffet at the Bellagio, I didn't know what to expect. We came here for lunch and I was overwhelmed with the amount of food there was! Jason S. had said the dinner here was to die for but we were pleasantly surprised that the lunch line wasn't long and for $20 a person there was a delicious variety of goodies to eat! The best part for me was the smoked salmon and fresh fruits. I was very shocked that they had such good food for such a steal! I haven't tried the dinner here but I do recommend lunch here. Bring sweat pants, large muu-muu dresses, or pants with elastic waist bands because you'll want to eat EVERYTHING!
1	Worst ever. If I could put -5 stars I would.  Decor is so old and selection isn't that great for the price.. Just got entire family sick with food posioning. What the hell??Never going back there. Gonna stick with standard and go to wynn instead.
1	My boyfriend and I came here for dinner, $36.95/person, a TOTAL RIPOFF. Most of the meat in the carving stations were incredibly dry. The ostrich meat had a great taste to it but all the other meats we tried (kobe top sirloin, pork short ribs) were just dry. Asian food here should not be touched, the sushi rolls and nigris were incredibly gross, they resembled the sushi you'd get in supermarket packages. Fried rice tasted very americanized. Waitress was very nice and service was overall excelllent. Everytime I came back to the table, my plates were cleared and my drink refilled. Dessert: So many choices! Tiramisu, chocolate covered strawberries, key lime pie, ice cream, chocolate cake. It was definitely the biggest selection I've seen at a buffet. I think they should stick to american items because dishes like pasta were great but when it came to say paella (it was mushy = BAD). I've heard this buffet was better for breakfast/lunch so I"ll probably come back to give the breakfast and lunch buffet a shot. Till then this place deserves a one star for the excellent service and the dessert selection.
5	I can definitely say that this is my favorite buffet in Vegas, actually, since I don't like buffets, it's pretty much my favorite in general. My friends and I went to Vegas last month and went to the Bellagio for dinner. There was a vast variety of foods. There were crab legs, prime rib, asian section, pasta section, etc. Most of which (I would say all, but I did not get to try everything) were really good. Since I have a sweet tooth, if I ever go to a buffet, I usually spend more time in the dessert section than anywhere else. They had so many choices in desserts! And let me tell you, the CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES, are effin' incredible. Their covered in like dark chocolate with mini rice balls sprinkled on top. I think they are the number one reason that I love Vegas. The service was awesome, our waiter kept refilling our drinks, each time we returned to the table it was cleared. Since I did not write a review last month about it because I honestly suck as a yelper, I lag on reviews and I'm just plain lazy. So now, my updated review will be here as well. That being said, we went to Vegas again, last weekend!  This time we went to the Wynn for dinner (totally NOT better than the Bellagio, people who have said it was is on crack). Being kinda disappointed by the Wynn, we went to the Bellagio for Sunday brunch. Again, Bellagio did not disappoint at all. There was so much food to choose from. They had this herb-crusted prime rib that was soooooo good. It was so tender and juicy. Omg. Their pancakes with so fluffy  it just melted in my mouth.  I made my own version of strawberries stuffed french toast by getting strawberries form the fruit section and placing them in between two slices of freshly made french toast, drizzle some syrup, and dusted some powder sugar. Heaven. Heaven. Heaven. or Hell. Whichever you prefer as the better destination to be. They had no chocolate covered strawberries for their brunch. Sucks. And service this time kinda sucked, our waitress would not refill our drinks unless she was flagged down, and even then she would forget some of ours, and we had to flag her again to remind her. And it would be kinda annoying because I would be too awkward and shy to ask again (since it would happen to be my drinks that she would forget, like my orange juice refills and tea). Our tables would not be cleared, in fact some other waiter helped us clear it a couple of times. But then our waitress was limping, so I felt kinda bad and let her slide,  and still tipped her pretty good, even though my friends are pretty correct that if you're paying that much you should expect service comparable to that.Oh yeah, ice cream was chocolate and vanilla, soft serve. :( disappointing, but not enough to knock off a star.Review was so long, but really I can go on and on about food.
5	When you first step into the buffet at the Bellagio, you will get a nice feeling due to the magnificent atmosphere. You are greeted by friendly hostesses and waitresses. There is a variety of food and desserts. The food is mouth watering. You cannot go wrong with the Bellagio Buffet.
5	Why did I have to come to this buffet on my last day?The buffet at Bellagio is the pinnacle of Vegas buffetery (sp?)When you see a line stretching out well beyond the buffet entrance and into a table of poker players, you'll know you found the right place.Everything here is so good. If you hate something, give it a try here. They'll make it "derricious" and you'll be eating pig farts all day long.Ok, I made that up, but if they served pig farts I am sure they would make it delectable.I actually hate fish. I refuse to eat it. But I saw a lady grab a plate full of Chilean Sea Bass and I was enticed. Since she took all the sea bass, the chef promptly put out some fresh ones... Why not? I'll give it a shot.Good lord, it's like eating bacon fat without the negative side effects.I was sad I found out about this fish after I was done with the usual prime rib and crab faire, but I was leaving this place with a happy kind of full.Desserts here are average. They have a lot of sugar free options but nothing really special.My only complaint is that sauce like au jus and melted butter are in very weird and hard to find places. But once you get that down, you're in for a treat.
4	I would give this buffet a 3 to 4 stars depending on when you eat it. If it's a primetime or busy holiday, the prices on this buffet go up. I would say most of the time I would rate this buffet with 4 stars as I'm usually happy with the overall experience.It is a buffet but the food is usually high quality, and I don't think I ever been disappointed with the food itself. Just sometimes the prices can be a little high.Good enough for me to come back again and sometimes crave whenever I have a buffet craving.
4	Dinner review.  Duck breast was perfect in every way. Beef Wellington was just okay.  Lamb chops were very tender but overdone. Five of us at the table and everyone left full and happy.
5	I've never experienced a dinner buffet which comes anywhere close to Bellgio's.  We even tried the Wynn's the other day to compare and it's not even close.  The variety and quality at the Bellgio buffet is like no other.
5	Forgot to update this from the last time I went to Bellagio a few months back.  I had to up it to 5 stars.  Went over a weekend that time.  They had DELICIOUS beef wellington as well as an ostrich roast.  zOMG.
3	Went there for lunch on a Sunday. Meal Highlights - prime rib - thick cut glazed bacon - lamb leg  - pesto mashed potatoes - all you can drink champagne - chocolate financierChampagne was cheap (just an additional $5), and they give you all the OJ you want to make your own mimosas. Sadly I didn't get the chance to eat the cool items that other people had like Beef Wellington. Hence the lower rating since there was nothing that really piqued my interest. All items mentioned above were executed well. I'm a sucker for thick cut bacon and the slice I had was almost pure fat. awesome! But all the other items were just ok and left me feeling that I could get better from the local restaurants in Sacramento. The wait is also horrendous. An hour wait for food basically destroys your afternoon and in Vegas, time is money! It's still a nice buffet with lots of options, but don't expect to be wow'ed and if you're in a hurry, definitely forego it.
5	I'm THAT girl. You know, the one that dreams about buffets. No, not DAYdreams about buffets like every other Asian girl. I mean dreams, in my sleep, about buffets. My good dreams consist of me actually getting to eat the food I picked out. The nightmares mean I dream about being stressed out because I don't know what else to put on my plate, it just gets filled up more and more until BOOM!! I wake up. Forreals.I don't know if my taste has become more refined (doubtful) but I wasn't in love with the Vegas buffets this time around. I remember them as being so much better 2 years ago.. but they were mediocre. At least the Bellagio redeemed my Vegas buffet expectations I'd become used to fulfilling.We waited in line for over half an hour for the dinner buffet on a Saturday night. It zig zagged up, down, and around until we finally got to the front. You've got to keep your eye on the prize here! Stay hydrated, keep good company, and make sure your phone's battery is charged for playing some time-wasting games.So there were a few things that were just meh like the sushi and some of the chicken stuff. And I kind of expected more from the dessert spread. They looked pretty but I was expecting more.. bigger.. sparklier! With more chocolate! Now, the three things I could've filled my plate with, endless times over, were the short ribs, asparagus, and Yorkshire pudding. The short ribs were so creamy and succulent, the asparagus.. well I love asparagus. And who doesn't love Yorkshire pudding?! A savory pastry shell?! The inside of the Bellagio buffet is pretty refined, given it's a buffet. We saw plenty of families and groups of bachelor / bachelorette parties dining. One note to the girls: don't dress up to the buffet. It is Bellagio, yes, but it's still a buffet, not a fancy restaurant. Besides, how can you expand your tummy if you're wearing a non-expandable dress?! I saw some girls that looked like they were going out for the night and it looked silly, out of place.Mmmm just thinking about that buffet makes me believe wasting all that money on those crap buffets was worth it. Worth the hefty price tag (do you know what $30 something could get you in NY?! A pizza and bottle of water), worth the 30 minute wait, and worth walking all the way down the strip from the Palazzo (it's far, seriously!) and back. WORTH IT.
3	Wow this was a tough place to review. I was in Vegas with my lady and decided that I wanted to eat one night at a nice buffet on the strip. I have tried many, including the ones at the Rio, Luxor, Ecalibur, and MGM so I went online and Goggled top Las Vegas Buffets. Many lists ranked the Bellagio as numero uno so I decided to give it a try. I admit they had some good dishes, but far from being number 1 in my opinion. I am going to do the math so everyone can see how I got to my 3 star rating. Bad: 1. Crab legs were extremely dry and salty. 2. Asian food had very few choices and the sushi tasted no better then grocery store deli sushi. 3. Specialty salads had to be served by a person and came in little bowls, so really hard to sample all of them. 4. Over all selections of food was small, unusual for a large buffet. 5. Most importantly EVERYTHING WAS SALTY!!!!!! Good: 1. Service was very good. 2. Other then the saltiness of it you could tell the the food was high quality. Not opened from a can or jar. I tried some Asian noodles that were some of the best I had had. 3. The crab legs were already cracked!!!!! Wow that was a huge plus, made it easier to eat them when you didn't have to work.....just sad that they were so salty and dry. 4. A major plus that helped get this place back to 3 stars was the deserts. Very good selection and they were awesome. I almost at one point thought that they were good enough to come one night and just eat sweets. With all of that said, will I return....no, I am sure there are much better places out there to try. Next I will try the Wynn.
4	Missed the Weekend Brunch cut off time by 3 mins!!! FAIL! We ended up paying $40 a person for Dinner Buffet. Was it well worth the $40? HECK YES!!The venue itself is on the older side compared to other buffet places (ie Wynn, Studio B etc). We got seated right away and once our drink orders were taking we headed straight to the..CRAB LEGS!! What I like about this buffet is that they serve both Snow and Alaskan crab legs! They come halfed so eating was a breeze!Buffet line had plenty of food to choose from. Pizza, duck, lamb, prime rib, pasta, chinese, sushi etc. I managed to grab some pasta, noodles, ribs, sushi and salad. All were pretty good and yummy. However I ate so much crab that seconds for regular food was pointless LOL.Dessert was pretty good. Im sad they did not have crepes. They served the normal cakes, tarts, cookies etc. I enjoyed the chocolate covered strawberries and tiramisu. What is dessert without Creme Brulee!! My fav! Not a fan of the dessert section I perfer the dessert selection at the Wynn better.Overall experience was great. We stayed little under 2 hours. One star off because the service sucked. Our waitress hardly came over to pick up the dirty plates. I can't remember her even stopping by at all except for refilling our drinks once! I would come back again.. Perhaps a little earlier to pay less :)
2	So overrated. I was so disappointed.If you plan on eating buffets on the strip, start with this one and end with the Wynn Buffet. We did the opposite, and oh how sad I was. The atmosphere is meh and the food was ok. I guess it wasn't that bad considering it was only $20, but for that I could have gotten a delicious breakfast at the Hash House A Go Go and been much happier.
2	Really not very great.  Atmosphere is much like a busy cafe.  Reminds me of Hometown buffet.  It's just okay with a price tag like Ruth Chris.  The food was average at best.  The crab was not fresh and way too salty.  Sushi was inedible.  Prime Rib and potatoes were good.  For the price find yourself a nice elegant 5 star eatery and really enjoy yourself.  I think it's good if you like to overeat.
3	Yummy food, totally full but I hate to wait!
1	The Bellagio Buffet is not very good at all.  There is an over whelming amount of food and most of it is cold, greasy, and tasteless.  I have been to the Bellagio Cafe and would highly recommend their food over the Buffet.  Personally I would rather have one well prepared meal, than all you can eat mediocre food.
4	This place is amazing! I read lots of reviews before heading here because they were all saying the the Buffet at Bellagio had the best bang for its buck. They were all correct.They've got EVERYTHING here that you could want at an upscale buffet, so it's kind of pointless to list what they've got. We went on Thanksgiving day though, and it was completely by mistake actually. We were in town for our wedding and just went to get brunch. They were already serving all the Thanksgiving dinner sides and main courses. I couldn't have expected to see a greater quality and variety of food at my own grandma's house, and that's saying a lot.I'd definitely head there again!
4	I hope you've trained long and hard for this young chocolate covered grasshopper! Break out the gartered pants, large bib, and Maalox before you head on over to this desert jewel because you will need it if you're going to make out of this buffet alive :)Who could ask for anything more besides a bed to take a nap in after indulging yourself in all of the fantastic eats that the Buffet at Bellagio has to offer each person young and old? Yes, they have the crab legs. Yes, they have the melted butter that goes with it too! Yes, they have creme brulee! And if it's out on the floor, yes, they will also have Kobe beef :9'' Yum!Tips to survive the Buffet at BellagioTip#1: DO NOT GET TOO MUCH OF ONE THINGIf any person knows the best way to eat at a buffet, it's ME! You take a little of everything here and there for a little taste.  Think of the buffet as uncharted territory and Capt. Stomach has sent you on a mission to find the best eatery and bring it back to base.  You're sent on a recon out and you're faced with an amalgam of tastes and smells EVERYWHERE! If it looks good and smells good, take a little to see if it tastes good; especially if it's your first time trying it. Do not grab a pound of the mediterranean salad, take a bite, and dump it. Please. And if it tastes good, don't get too much because there's a million other things to try here also!Tip #2: Create a plan!Make a map even! Walk around the buffet first to see what you're working with a keep a mental of what's where, what everyone is going for, what seems to be the most popular item on the buffet line. Do all of this so you know where to start. Don't just start picking and grabbing here because unlike the other buffets, I've noticed this to be the most cultured of cuisines. I'm not talking about tacos and orange chicken-culture. I'm talking about bistro-worthy eats that you won't find at a Taco  Bell or a Panda Express!Tip#3: Start light and work your way up!So you're out on the buffet line, empty plate in hand, and you're a hunter with a hunger. Start light with their salad. It's on it's own island so you're won't have too much trouble finding it. Sounds epic doesn't it? Haha! There's also a little sushi bar. Sometimes they'll even have beef tartare! Mmmm. Then after you've warmed your insides, take a tour of the seafood: crab legs THAT ARE ALREADY CUT (awesome!), the sea bass is GREAT as also. If you're lucky to come at a time when they have Kobe beef, get some! It's absolutely scrumptous! It is extremely tender and melts like butter in your mouth!If you're a local, take your friends here if they really want a taste of what Las Vegas buffets and food is all about! Enjoy and happy eating! :)
3	I get the appeal of Vegas buffets, I really do. You wake up Sunday morning, maybe a little hung over from the night before, and you're RAVENOUS. You need food in your stomach like, right now. Buffets are your best option - you can have breakfast food, or sushi, or prime rib, or desserts, or everything. And you can have seconds, thirds, or fourths or until you have to be rolled out of there. The long lines at Bellagio suggests that the Bellagio buffet is one of the better buffets in Vegas, but in terms of the quality of food, it's not *that* good. Whenever you make large quantities of food, the quality of the food just goes down. This buffet reminded me of dorm food or even of Hometown Buffet. Bleh. Have you ever seen that episode of Dirty Jobs when Mike Rowe had to clean out the nasty buffet scraps? Enough said. At least the food was presented well. This isn't to say that I didn't get seconds. I got fourths, but I felt sick afterward. My fault really. But considering the fact that you're confined to the casino and you're in Vegas, you might as well indulge and revel in gluttony as well as all the other deadly sins while you're at it.
4	Great buffet, but quite expensive (I think I paid $40). They have a great selection of meats, appetizers, pasta, rice, etc. The desserts are delectable, there's a good selection of seafood, but the downside is that the savory foods aren't as flavorful as they look. Otherwise, good buffet to go to if you want to splurge on some money. Otherwise, if you want to get your money's worth, maybe not..
4	Great buffet experience in Vegas.  Delicious food and fine dining area.  Great variety of food from around the world.  Don't forget to reserve room for dessert, there are lots of lots of them.
3	Lots of variety. Wish they had more sushi variey though.  This buffet is particularly good if you love meat and other protein products as they have quite a selection. Loved the desserts here. Food quality was average.  Overall, a decent buffet.
4	This buffet is one of the best in LV compare to the other ones where the food was cold and nasty.
3	The line was ridiculously long and it was expensive.  The food variety was great, and so was the quality ... but it wasn't my favorite buffet on the strip.  Maybe because I am more of a sushi person and on the day I went there wasn't much of a selection.I must admit that everything else was very delicious and the service was good -- and if I wasn't so fixated on one thing every time I go and eat buffets, then I probably would've given this place a 4 or 4.5 stars.  But because I am, I can only give this place 3 stars.
4	Probably the best bang for your buck as far as buffets go on the strip.  We came here for the sunday brunch at 3pm, and they switched over to dinner menu at 4pm, woot woot for double selection.  Good quality food for a reasonable $25, +5 for unlimited champagne.  The selection is not quite as big as the Wynn, but for the price difference I'd say the Bellagio has the better deal.    To start out you have the choice of about 5 or 6 different cooked fish items, grilled swordfish, grilled bluenose, roasted bluenose, salmon, seared halibut, grilled chilean sea bass cooked 2 different ways.  The cooked fishes items combined with the Alaskan king crab legs, snow crab legs and dinner sushi options destroy the Wynn's seafood selection.  Of course there is prime rib, but what buffet doesn't have prime rib, come on, your crappy Reno buffet has it.    The desserts were really good too, i dunno what my friend Susy is talking about saying they're a mess, they all tasted as good as they looked.  Except those little faux Ice cream cones, those weren't good at all.  All in all a solid buffet and you'll only need this one meal all day long! trust me.
3	I just went to the Friday night gourmet buffet last week, and that's the 3rd time for me and my husband to be in a bellagio buffet. We had very great food the last 2 times we visited the buffet, so we went again this time we visited vegas. However, we felt disappointed this time as we think the food quality overall was not as good this time.The desserts are all great, but the meat and entree were just ok. And we are meat eaters......so that's why we were disappointed. They did have more variety and meat choices for the gourmet buffet (Fri and Sat only), they had kobe sirloin, grilled quail, prime rib, beef wellington, lamb rack, ostrich, duck breast, etc for the gourmet buffet. However, they are all too bloody raw except beef wellington and ostrich. In the past, usually there would be options to choose from medium rare to medium well, but this time everything is medium rare except beef wellington and ostrich. The chef who was serving lamb rack was nice enough to grill the lamb to the degree that the customer requested, however, the one who served kobe sirloin and prime rib was probably too busy to cater people's requests, so everyone got a piece of raw meat. I passed by many people's table and noticed that they gave up on the raw meat after the rim (usually is more cooked) has been eaten. It's just a big waste of food when they serve meat that is too raw. So in a sense, I like Wynn better for the meat, but the dessert at bellagio buffet is un-beatable. I think if someone is going for a really nice piece of meat, then Wynn is better. If you are all for the desserts, then bellagio is the place to go. But I do feel disappointed at the bellagio buffet when comparing with our past bellagio buffet experience. I've heard that some restaurants quality goes down due to recession....I don't know if bellagio buffet would be one of them....... well....it makes me to think twice whether I wanted to revisit bellagio buffet for future.
3	Pros: smoked salmon, braised beef ribs, dessertCons: king crab was lacking, prime rib was rubbery and didn't have much flavor, sushi was average and lacked selection
4	My favorite buffet.Really good sushi, salad bar and the prime rib.  Thats what I go there for.They have really good fish, but every time I go it's over cooked.
3	$36.95 per person on a Saturday night. NOT OK if you're spending that much and the food is just average. Bellagio? Come on now. We waited about 30-40 mins for a table Saturday evening for dinner. I don't mind paying that much (especially when I picked up my 2010 NLCS SF Giants winnings earlier). But I expected more glamourous and luxurious foods to be displayed here. We should of stuck with the Wynn buffet where I picked up my winnings.Service good, even the prime rib cutter was nice and pleasant. But crappy sushi, overly-dry lamb, super tough fried duck and just ok desserts aren't Bellagio-ish. I did like the raspberry and passion fruit sorbet though and huge Alaskan king crab legs. Other than that, we should of went back to Wynn or the M Hotel buffet. Sad.
4	Went for the breakfast and brunch buffet for $24.95. Favs: applewood smoked bacon, mozzarella and tomato salad, mashed potatoes, bluenose, prime rib. Good stuff. But!! I don't think I got my 25 bucks worth. Only had a plate and a half of food plus some desserts. Darn my nonexpanding stomach and my nonstretch dress!!!! :(Try to go 30-45 minutes before dinner starts (at 4:00PM). Pay for lunch but get both lunch and dinner selections. Get the best of both worlds! We didn't do this 'cause we couldn't wait until 3:30PM to eat.
4	Definitely the best dessert selection out of all the buffets ive been to. Good selection and quality of foodService was kinda slow though! :(
4	lamb osso buccoflank steakBBQ ribsrack of lambCalifornia rollwakame (Japanese seaweed salad)cucumber saladpoke (2 types, Hawaiian raw fish salad)crab legssmoked salmonunagipizzashrimpkobe beef....that's all I could eat.  FANTASTIC!
4	Food lovers rejoice. Everything you want is here. It's the most expensive buffet in the galaxy but if you can throw down like me you can easily get your moneys worth. The service is very good and the cleanliness and quality of food ensures that you don't get the feeling like you're in a pig trough like you do at many low-end buffets. It's easily the best buffet I've ever been to.
3	Salmon AND tuna poke.  I. fricking. love. that. stuff.  I personally prefer Bellagio over Wynn, if you're gonna compare the two "upscale" buffets.  I haven't been here for a few years, but everything is still good.  The cocktail shrimp was large and the sea bass was buttery and flaky.  I'm here for the poke mostly...  They also have a good variety of fresh tossed salads.  For 29.95 on the Thur night, not bad.It wasn't entirely great though, I was disappointed they didn't have beef wellington anymore and we went around the table spitting out the kobe due to some weird and strong metallic flavor.One source of contention is the mandatory 18% gratuity for large groups...we split our party up to save on this...and the mofo put is in separate seating areas even though our section was entirely empty...ass.IMHO, still one of the top buffets in Vegas if you into it.  It'll be a while before I come back tho...gotta try out the M or Aria next time.
5	this is honestly QUALITY FOOD for a buffet. you can't go to Vegas and not try the buffet at Bellagio. about $25 for friday lunch. again, I am talking QUALITY food! oh my...I wish I got that 4th plate now.
4	+1 Star: LOTS OF FOOOOOOOOD! crabs, shrimp, etc etc....+1 Star: Spacious and big!+1 Star: DESSERT BAR...OMG+1 Star: Definitely a must taste if you're in an awesome area surrounded by many place see spots.-1 Star: Long wait, so if your time in Vegas is limited...don't waste it!
2	Oh how the mighty have fallen, I came here like 3 years ago and the buffet was decent but after spending 5 nights at the Bellagio and getting comped for the food there I ended up eating here quite often with my friends. Let me just say that the buffet looks really nice, they have great presentation however the food tastes bland and just not that good, if you are a vegetarian DO NOT go to this buffet, but my friends who ate meat also did not like the food here, so my review is based upon both veggie/meat eaters perspective. Try the buffet at planet Hollywood or the Wynn they are much better.
5	Kobe Beef, Prime Rib, ostrich, lamb, quail, roast turkey, Beef Wellington, shrimp (already peeled) and Alaskan king crab just to name a few. Just tried a little of (real little) of some of of those main dishes above, because I was saving my appetitte for the crab.  Lots of times you go to a buffet and it's snow crab, but this one was Alaskan king crab.  The great thing was that it was already sliced in half.  So we just had to dig it out of the shell (which my friend's hubby did for all of us).  Of course the crab is cold since it's was on ice, but our waiter told us to take it to one of the chefs and he would gladly steam it for us.So my friend''s hubby took our big plate of crab and got it steamed to perfection.  So while the others were eating dessert, I was eating my fill of crab and my friend's hubby was eating his fill of poke.The line was really long, but like everything else in Vegas, the dining area is huge and since it's a buffet the line moves pretty fast.  The buffet is worth the $29.95, but to eat all you can eat Alaskan king crab?  Now that's TOTALLY worth it.  At home we'd be paying double that for just a 1 lb.  Yummy!!
5	The best buffet in Vegas!   This one has everything!   We went twice for lunch and also brunch and didn't have to wait.    Amazing!
3	Been here a few times... Breakfast once and Lunch..... Now yes, the food here is quite amazing and the verity is impressive. We keep Kosher and my dad wanted something, which was served/ made with some cheese so the chef just made him a Kosher Friendly version.. So that's nice. I enjoyed the desserts more than anything. There were those tiny little cakes so I was shoving my face with a bunch of those yummies.. Here's the problem I am having... To get in I always had to wait like 30 - 40 minutes... And than the price.. DAMNN.... This place is super expensive.... And I don't think that the food is THAT good.... Besides, how much food CAN you eat in one session?? The service was just ok, nothing too great so... All in all just an A-OK for me. And my lil stomach. Pff
4	My friend was in Vegas one weekend when he uploaded a picture of the buffet from here, and I knew I HAD to come the next time I was in LV. I was reading reviews and someone said to come right before dinner time so you pay for lunch price but eat the dinner. They were right. The only problem is you should come about 45 minutes before the dinner starts cause the wait in line is going to be that long. Since it was a buffet, I knew I'd be bloated so I wore a skirt and loose top to hide my food baby. (=
4	Dinner.  After coming here and having to wait almost an hour and a half to get in, the food was damn good.  My buddy kept telling everyone in line and in the crowd how I was @$$ raping him because the line was super long and the food wasn't expected to be good (he's cranky when he's hungry).   But once we sat down and got our food, the constant drubbing of complaints were replaced by silence and "mmm" "ooo" "yum".    Hands down one of the best buffets in Vegas.
2	For the price I expected more, a lot more.  I went here for lunch about 5 years ago and was disapopinted by the lack of selection.  There are many other better buffets to choose from, like at Paris, or Encore/Wynn.  I would skip this one, not worth it.Derek
5	This is probably the gold-standard of Las Vegas buffets. I'm not counting Bally's Sterling brunch (which I haven't tried) because it's in its own class (caviar, lobster...and roughly triple the cost). I've certainly tried the buffets at Paris, Wynn, Rio, and a few others, but Bellagio is the one I keep coming back to.On my most recent visit, I was particularly happy with the very obviously freshly squeezed orange juice (other places still use those Minute Maid machine juices), and with the spicy tuna handrolls that are made to order.I won't go on and on about the wide variety and quality of food; just know that if you're going to have a buffet while you're in Vegas, go to the Bellagio one.
4	Yum! We visited the buffet for lunch. It was perfect for our group. There was no line, the only time we waited was for them to get our table together. They had a good selection of food, I personally was happy. I could have eaten a lot more prime rib and ribs, but didn't. I agree with some of the other Yelpers though, I wish they had a little bigger selection on desserts. 0ur waitress was cool, she even brought two cheesecakes over with candles in them for our two friends who were celebrating their birthdays. I'll be sure to visit the Bellagio buffet again in the future.
5	$25 for a weekend brunch and $5 extra for the unlimited champagne?  DO IT.When my party and I arrived at around 12:30 the line was intimidatingly long.  It was moving pretty fast though and before we knew it our group of 8 were seated with champagne and orange juice (we had to mix our own mimosa's).The variety is huge and everything I tried was delicious.  We had two waitresses (yup, stayed long enough for a shift change) and both really took care of us, especially our second one.  They both kept our champagne glasses absolutely full and were always prompt with bringing more orange juice.  I don't know why the orange juice comes in such small carafes though -- it could have saved them a lot of work to just give us a big pitcher.  Our second waitress was especially lovely.  She even warned us that the mimosa's ended at 4pm and to remember to get our fill because we paid so much to get in.We stayed here long enough to see some of the dinner items brought out. Salmon poke and tuna poke were enough of a temptation to get my disgustingly full butt off my chair to sample just a bit more.  So a tip for the weekend:  Do come at around 2 pm (to account for line wait), and eat slow enough so you can at least get to sample some of the dinner items (brought out at ~4pm).  Do this and you will absolutely get your money's worth.  But even without this, I was happy and full and buzzed and I can't wait until my next chance to eat here.
5	Oh yes! so good! A long line made me hesitant but it went surprisingly quickly. Waited about 30 minutes. The food was totally worth it and price was fair after comparing it with other buffet prices. 25 for all you can eat on the weekend 30 for all you can drink champagne included. Great desserts, potatoes, good selection even for myself and Im a vegetarian. I heard the meat was delicious!
5	This was the beat buffet I've been to in my entire life! The group I was with were not fans of buffets (fancy swanky type) but the y loved the bellagios take on it! We went Sunday for the brunch buffet and the lines are extremely long! You can get line passes from the casino office if you're nice and you ask the right people and move to the invited guest area instantly! The French toast was to die for and beverages are included in the 25 dollar price. You can add endless champagne for just 5 dollars more. This buffet was worth every penny.
4	My first buffet in the "Sin City" was an overdose of fabulous and decadent indulgence of my tastebuds in a luxurious environment. Not that I haven't dined in places like this before in other major cities of the world but this is Vegas with all the frivolities one can be exposed to. This place gave me my earlier high-end taste to Vegas' gastronomic experiences on the buffet aspect of it.Quality at its best with live action cooking by chefs done in their cooking stations. Cuisines popular to world palates of Italian, Asian, Seafood, American, Japanese, Chinese, French, with Soups, Salads, Beverages, Vegetables, and Desserts that are all prepared and presented in exquisite settings. Some of the food presentations seem like window shop decor. The dining room is spacious. Servers are hospitable and timely service. Of course, what comes with this is the median expense to this type of dining establishment. Nevertheless, you can be rest assured of a fabulous dining experience.The dinner buffet I had was tremendously received well by me. Luckily, I had no wait in line. Was I early? Not. I guess, everyone got seated before me. I dined alone yet I never felt "lonely" in my table and seat. As I got a table and seating in the center of the dining room next to the bar, the bartender had me conversing with him from time to time. My food server was also attentive enough to take some of her time to speak with me. Both were attentive but not diverted in their attention to their other duties. Otherwise, even if their company was not sufficient, I had no feeling of being alone. Dining alone in the past is not a strange endeavor for me. Even if they haven't spoken to me, I was definitely entertained by the glorious meals I have chosen to have:  New England Clam Chowder, Creme Brulee, Vegetables, Bread Pudding, Rack of Lamb, Layered Chocolate Cake, Salmon Nigiri, Duck, Crab Legs, and Venison to name some I partaked on for my dinner. Vast array of desserts and pastries were dizzying to choose from. I didn't hesitate to grab a Capuccino Mousse to have for the last of all the dessert I had before it. A glass of red wine Merlot and white wine Pinot Grigio were my beverages of choice for both my meat and seafood tastes. To mention, chocolate-covered strawberries as one of my chosen "appetizer". The buffet fine dining in Vegas. Buffet max, Fabulous!http://www.bellagio.com/restaurants/the-buffet.aspx
5	My friends and I came here for the champagne brunch on a Saturday. The line was pretty long, but once we finally got in, we ate and drank our moneys worth! The champagne was unlimited, and we stayed from 12:30pm-4:30pm... the longest I've ever stayed at a buffet! But I'm glad we got to try out both the brunch and dinner food! The dinner food is especially excellent. Our service was outstanding, because they made sure our champagne glasses were always full and came back often to see if we were okay.I will definitely be coming back here for dinner... or maybe pull another double meal.
5	At the weekday prices, this buffet is as good as it gets.  I probably would give it a 4 if I had to pay weekend prices. We went here for late lunch on a Tuesday. I suppose if we'd stayed another half hour after we finished our meal we could have gotten some of the dinner food as well, but to be honest I was so incredibly full at that point that I couldn't eat another bite.  In fact, I stayed full until late the  next morning.  And I didn't even get to a number of things this place had to offer. By far the most impressive part of the buffet was the multitude of fish courses (both cold and hot) and the sushi bar that included hand rolls.  The sushi for lunch was generally standard, but the hand rolls and spring rolls were really delicious. There were at least five different types of cooked fish courses, all executed remarkably well for a buffet. Other favorites were the sweet potato puree (pure heaven) and the creamy polenta. The sliders were surprisingly excellent, although the lamb and flank steak I tried were nothing special.  The cooked vegetables at this buffet are executed really well.  Not mushy or dried out.  The green beans and grilled asparagus were particularly good. Even the pizza here was decent and everyone knows how bad pizza can get at a buffet! The only thing that was a bit disappointing here (and only a bit) were the desserts.  I have definitely had better desserts at a buffet before.  For the most part they were really your standard mini desserts with not much flavor.  But even here there were a couple of excellent standouts.  The bread pudding was delicious (and bread pudding can be really dry) and the pumpkin cheesecake was amazing.  My husband was really impressed especially since it was under $20.  A good thing since it was his special birthday meal!
5	Wow! This is the best tasting, largest, most impressive buffet I have ever eaten. So many choices and so many high end foods that one does not usually find in a buffet: prime rib, crab legs, premium cheeses, a variety of veg, even grilled. So many things to eat, you cannot even sample a bit of everything. Elegantly displayed with chocolate carvings and such. Negatives bit pricey, there are the long lines and the irritating VIP service where other patrons are allowed to cut in line ahead of those who have waited longer. Rude and off-putting. I'd expect more from a resort like this and I would never feel comfortable taking advantage of others by using the VIP service.
4	When I go to Vegas I have to go to one buffet.  This tradition dates back to my childhood!  On this trip we tried the one at Bellagio which has so often been compared to the one at The Wynn.  The buffet at Bellagio is pretty good, but The Wynn wins in my book.They draw even in the PRIME RIB, SHRIMP and CRAB LEG categories, all of which were great...particularly the shrimp!  But if you refer back to my review of The Wynn, you'll note that I raved about the COOKED FISH being delicate and delicious.  I was not impressed at all with the fish at the Bellagio, which was overcooked and less flavorful overall.Of the other items I tried, there were two kinds of MUSSELS -- one hot and cold.  Both were decent.  There were four different soups...you have to really look for them.  I tried the MISO, which I liked.  As usual I stayed away from the sushi, but decided to try the SALMON and AHI POKE because it looked surprisingly good and it was.Dessert was mixed.  They offer some pretty-looking bites, but fall short of the dessert offerings at The Wynn.  I tried a couple of chocolate raspberry items.  The square-shaped layered mousse cake bite was mediocre.  The one in the cone was better.  I also tried their apple pie which was okay too.  But no waffle or crepe station like The Wynn.  Most disappointing is the ice cream which comes out of a machine here.  So far, the gelato at Cravings (Mirage) is the best in this department.I liked my cranberry juice and my friend liked her iced tea and we both liked the coffee.  It was actually strong.The elderly Asian lady working in our area was hustling the whole time we were there.  She rushed to bus the tables, bring out drinks, etc.  We were seated by the door that the workers kept going in and out of, and you know, they were all hustling.  That is hard work being on your feet all day and I'm guessing they aren't highly appreciated.  We gave her a good tip and her face lit up.Dinner is $30 on most nights, $37 on Friday and Saturday.
5	We try to come here at least once during every trip to Vegas because the food here is really good.  They have a great selection of food and dessert.  Even our son asks to come back.  The only bad thing is that the price per person is the same for adults and children so if you have a kid who doesn't eat enough to cover the price, it's not really worth it.  But since we only come once a year, it's not that big of a deal for us to pay more for our son.
5	The Buffet at Bellagio is another top rated buffet.They have good quality food, good meats Prime Rib, Lamb, Veal, Turkey etc. Good seafood selections - Crab legs, Mussells, shrimp even Poke and sashimi sushi and  etc. Many salads and sides selections. Desserts here are one of the best - Creme brulee, eclairs, big choc strawberries, custard, cakes etc....Its a bit pricey like the Wynn and may have a line to get in maybe a 15-30 min wait depending......This is a quality food buffet, if you are a picky eater, The Wynn, Paris and Bellagio are for you....
3	I can't wholeheartedly give this buffet a four-star, since I'm pretty sure the fresh shrimp I ate made me sick later on that day, but otherwise well worth the money ($23.95 for brunch on Sunday, including fountain drinks with free refills). My cousins who are locals will also vouch for this place. We went on a Sunday at exactly noon, and didn't get seated until close to one. But it was worth the wait! Really good steak, 10 different potato dishes, good mix of vegetables and tons of dessert that's well-packaged in bite-sized portions. There were a lot of different kinds of breads too, which I was unfortunately unable to make it around to tasting.
3	Hidden back in the reaches of the casino, this is a pretty good buffet.  I would have given it another star but my uncle developed food poisoning from this place (I would bet on the smoked mussels or scallops.... those concepts scare me) that put a pall on an otherwise nice meal.  We went for breakfast and they had everything that you would expect.   I left quite full and probably didn't eat another bite for another 9-10 hours.
1	expensive for that kind of price.old place.dark lightings.bad food.i hate the sushi rolls.the dessert tastes cheap.
2	Not sure what the big deal is.... if you live in a mid-size US city, your city should have some kind of buffet joint better than this one. We went for the holiday brunch so I am not sure whether dinner will be better ($10 more expensive).Food- Juice is fresh and good, similar to Tropicana from super market. - Fruit is the highlight, they are all very fresh, probably because their buffet volume is very high. - Seafood: the crab legs are crap. Thin, small, salty, and they are still frozen. The shrimp with cocktail sauce, on the other hand, is of very decent size and freshness. - Pizza and pasta: tried a bit of each. They are decent tasting, just a tad better than the Papa Johns and Olive Gardens of your city. - Prime rib: extremely so so. No flavour and overcooked. No idea what people are talking about when they say "juicy and best prime rib I've eaten"... any neighborhood steakhouse should do it better.- Hot dish: there are none. Seriously... no catfish fillet, no grilled salmon, no wok fried beef.... no hot dish at all. Overall, 2 stars for me. I ate some fruits which made me happy - it's hard to get fresh fruits in Vegas restaurants. The only way I think it is remotely worth of going back is if the price is around $25 and there is no wait.
3	I use to love this buffet but after my last visit I wasn't that impressed. Crab legs were thin, prime rib was dry, desserts were bland and fell apart. Who knows, an off night maybe? I still like the place but it has dropped to my top 5 Vegas buffets, instead of top 3. Step-up your game Bellagio buffet!
5	SO FRICKIN GOOD!!!We were in Vegas last week and one of the stops we HAD to make was the buffet. Bellagio or Wynn? We decided to eat the buffet at Bellagio since we were at the hotel. We came in at 2:30pm and did not leave until after 5pm. Paid for lunch ($21something with tax) and stayed for dinner. It was awesome!!!!!!!! I love it! So many good food, so little stomach. Their bread pudding was the bomb!!! It was HELLA good esp when you eat it with ice cream. My friend told me not to eat it because it's a filler (carb) but I couldn't stop...it was really really really good! Their prime rib and crab leg and baked salmon sashimi and tuna roll and roasted chicken (i asked for a slice and the guy cut me HALF a chicken. DAMN) and the cocktail shrimps (super fresh) and all the pasta and gourmet desserts...OMGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG DROOL!!! I want to go back now! YUMM!Some tips: come in around 3pm (2:30 was too early...we were full before dinner menu came out and had to stuff our faces for the prime rib and crab leg). If you come around 3pm-ish, then you can pace yourself before dinner menu comes out. Dinner starts at 4pm. skip all the "sugar-free" desserts. WTF if you're gonna eat, then EAT UP. you need to try the bread pudding. No joke. It was seriously one of the highlights of my buffet experience at Bellagio. LOVE THIS PLACE!
3	Honestly, not impressed. Maybe I just had high expectations or something... but I'm definitely not going to bother going again.As usual, I made my basic rounds... hit up the prime rib or whatever steak cut they have going on... asian food...seafood...dessert...it wasn't bad, but I've definitely had much better food at even better prices.  The lighting felt really dim to me.  It made me feel as though I were on a date or something equally awkward.  Usually, buffets are extremely well lit.  That's the best way to highlight the food, right? Even if it doesn't taste that good, it'll still look bomb dot com and you'll go for it! Yeah, definitely not the case here.Overall, nothing out of the ordinary and not someplace I would go out of my way for.  Bonus points for having really great waitresses and keno, but that's about the extent of their stars.  Sorry Bellagio, but you really need to step up your game because there are a half a dozen other buffets that have got you pwnd.
3	Ahhh...The Bellagio...wait, this is the Bellagio? Compared to most casinos on the strip this might stand out as a nicer place to dine but besides the food selection there isn't really much going for it. To enjoy food you need more than just food tasting good. You need to have ambiance, the plate design, the smell, the lighting, and of course the flavor, but what's more is the service. The buffet at Bellagio had the selection but lacked flavors in most dishes, the lighting was dark and gloomy, the ambiance was dated, and the service...omg the service was horrible. One of the guest that sat behind us knocked over his water glass and shattered on the ground but none of the 2 wait staff, 3 hosts, and 1 bus staff bothered to assist him. I was shocked that some look at him and then just walked away as if nothing happened, not one of its "classy" staff even bothered to ask the client if he was hurt.The Bellagio might once be the bar for class and sophistication in Vegas but now is where the blue collared workers from different parts of the world migrate to get a little taste of luxury but unfortunately they ended up forming a John Deere convention at the Bellagio. If you want to stay at a upscale place then try to Four Seasons or the Wynn resorts. You will noticeably recognize the difference in the client-el.
4	Our second day in LV and the decision where to dine was highly influenced by some top reviews of the Bellagio Buffet.   Be prepare to wait!   At least one hour on Saturday afternoon unless you were a privileged guest then of course the queue was omitted.   The price we paid was $60.43 for two.   There was a large selection of different cuisine and it was well worth the price.   The hotel itself was very impressive, the water fountain, the lobby, the botanical garden (we missed it as they were changing the decoration for the Autumn season) and of course the chocolate fountain.
4	Incredible spread, matched only by the incredible line to get in and be seated. Two tips: Go slow and hit the seafood first. One friend "did the meats" and hardly put a dent in the array of beef, duck, pork and chicken that was cooked up that night. I tried to get "a little" salad only to find that there is no "little" of anything they serve you. Skip the sushi if you're able to get it on the outside. Sushi doesn't sit and wait well. Skip the frozen yogurt machine too. Fresh Choice this ain't. Take the opportunity to try dishes you've never tried, never heard of. Enjoy.
3	This buffet was my favorite in Las Vegas until my recent visit.  Now it/s just not worth the price.  The quality has fallen while the price has risen.  Apparently the economy has taken it's toll.
5	Did the Champagne Brunch at about 1pm on Sunday. It was fairly busy (30 min wait or so?). The server took care of the beverages. She brought a carafe of OJ to the table to make our own mimosas which I loved.The food was great! I ate a LOT. Prime Rib (with no au jus?), Passion Fruit Sorbet, "Exotic Cake", BACON, SAUSAGE, EGGS, BREAAAAAAAAD. I was a happy camper. It was pricy but it was a nice reward after the half marathon! I would highly recommend this.
4	Steadily going downhill. The only reason this gets 4 instead of 3 is because of the inclusion of the ostrich, which I have never had before and is shockingly good. It's like duck! In a steak! Drink service on the night we went was fairly poor by Vegas standards.Highlights continue to be the ample sushi selection and the carvery. The salad and dessert bar are lagging behind the times. For the price, I think the M Buffet is a better deal - almost similar quality of items plus free alcohol. For quality, Wynn Buffet is really starting to pull ahead.
4	I came back to the table with 3 plates of dessert, 'nuff said.  I've been here for both lunch and dinner on separate trips and it's always a satisfying meal.  There's endless variations of food.  The only disappointing meal was the Kobe beef surprisingly and I wish they had some good prime rib for dinner, but oh well.  Having tried a few buffets on the strip, the Bellagio Buffet makes my top 2.
4	Still my pick for the best quality buffet in Las Vegas, though I have yet to try the buffet at Wynn's. In my most recent visit, we went on a Sunday night - $30 and about a 15 minute wait. Not too bad overall. Here's why I like this place - great selection and good quality. Cheeses, several varieties of sushi, decent salad bar, large selection of desserts. Several meat options including kobe beef. Downsides include a few mediocre offerings (stuffing was served in a disk shape and had a hockey puck texture to it - though my brother said gravy helped it a lot). The buffet area is a little cramped and is easily congested. Try it - you should leave pretty full and happy.
3	I can understand the rave reviews, but I didn't find the *taste* of the food very good. The selection was amazing however. The quality is also really good. But everything was just a little to bland for my liking. Nothing there stuck out. Might have been arriving there at 9pm, but that shouldn't matter. I do like how there's beef wellingtons and racks of lamb cut to order at a buffet. Not worth the $40 entry fee for me. I rather eat a really good dish for $40 than eat a bunch of "fancy" bland food. But that's just me.
4	Everything I had dreamed of and more. I was a bit disappointed by the main course buffets (lots of options, but nothing was particularly delicious except for any of the main beef or lamb options), but was blown away by the dessert selection. Of course it helps that the buffet is limitless and you can stuff your plate and eat as much as you want without judgment. Probably as good as it gets when you're talking about a buffet. The service was also impeccable, and drinks were always refilled fast. Also of note, drinks are included! A rarity for many buffets! Alcoholic beverages, though, are sold separately. It probably means a lot that I went here 4 times in 3 days...
3	Was I really at the same restaurant as all of these other people? It is a buffet, people! The king crab was of very good quality; and there was tons of it. Both the salmon and tuna Pokes were excellent. The sushi was of better quality then most buffets; but the hot fish dishes were of universal overcooked status. The miso cod was especially awful; both watery and tough... Miso soup soup was quite strange...tasted like a combination of cream of mushroom soup and miso...blech. The other soup (cannot remember if it was squash or pumpkin) was pretty good... The only pasta I tried was the Wild Mushroom ravioli. I was very good. My daughter said the mac and cheese was adequate, but nothing special... The Sirloin was okay...but again, nothing special.. As a prior Yelper has noted; the bread pudding is very good...especially if you put the Banana Fosters sauce on it...all the other desserts looked like little plastic fake nastiness.. So...my recommendation is to go; eat your weight in king crab, Poke, and sushi; hava a bite or two of a specialty pasty or soup...and hit the bread pudding up. If those items were all I was rating...I woulda given this place a "5" I used to go to buffets all the time when my daughter was little...I think we both have outgrown them...
4	Good selection of food. I was amazed actually..I've had some horrible buffets in WA & MA and this one was great. One thing that was bad was that some of the food was luke warm and not hot. Overall very good.
5	Not your average buffet. Lamb, beef with chimichurri sauce, sushi, pastas, salads, vegetables, all kinds of breads, desserts, etc. You would think that you're eating in a gourmet establishment.
4	SOOOOOOOOOO good! and well worth the wait :) The line didn't look too bad when we showed up around 5:45 on a Sunday but the wait was still about an hour long. i loved that the desserts were itty bitty so I could try them all! Loved the cheesecake. The sushi rolls were alright, but if you've been to a sushi place with good rolls before- I'd skip it. The lamb was great, w/o any of that lamby smell at all, lobster ravioli was deeeeelicious, manhatten clam chowder was good as well. I only wish I could have eaten more!my only complaint was that since there are only so many servers for drinks you can't always find your specified person when you are thirsty. I was smart the first time and ordered two drinks the first time she came, but when I was ready for coffee with my dessert I couldn't find her anywhere. I kept seeing her across the room but she didn't meet my eye-took some time but i was able to finally flag her down.
3	I had a good experience here... Food was great and the variety plenty My favourite was breakfast with belgian waffles, two kinds of pancakes, omelets. all kinds of muffins and bread with  margerines,I could have lunch with breakfast. The fresh fruit were great too! I am not much of a meat person so couldnt do much justice to them, but I did taste the shrimp, and chicken, and they were good! This is a must try buffet. It is $26 per serson. You can also have champagne with your meal with $5 extra. Check this out for more pics and details http://foodiesnroadies.blogspot.com/2010/12/bellagio-buffet.html
3	After crapping out at the tables, this is how you make some of your money back... hit the buffett tables.The food is good and it comes out fresh all the time.  The desserts are small so you can taste everything.  The wait staff was so attentive and they keep our hot water coming for the green tea.
2	Well... being vegetarian (fish/seafood is okay) and lactose intolerant really is not the greatest thing to be when going to a dinner-time buffet in Las Vegas.  I was expecting more from the Bellagio.  Seafood:  The crab legs were so scrawny.  Mussels were pretty good.  Fish was... okay.  Sushi:  I really don't like eating lots of sushi at buffets unless it's more of the expensive stuff, like ikura, but they only had salmon poke and generic cheaper stuff.Pastas:  Only one pasta that was non-dairy.  And it had meat.  They had a sweet potato ravioli... and I am pretty sure it had cheese/dairy in it... but they chef said it didn't.  My bf tasted it before I ate it... and yes it did have dairy in it.  Thanks for almost making me sick chef.Make your own seafood crepe bar:  Pretty good concept, BUT.  Again with the creme-sauces... all with dairy or cheese.  Again, the chef said no cheese, but after my bf tasted it... said I shouldn't risk it.  Double bad on the chefs.Made a 2nd seafood crepe... without sauce this time.  and you should have only used 1/4 of the butter you used to cook it.  Seriously.  I felt like throwing up after eating a bite.  I couldn't eat after that.  Made me a little sick.  =(  Triple bad on chefs.Desserts:  Pretty good.  Had a Creme Brulee.  You could taste the burning.  So my take is:  If you're vegetarian or lactose intolerant... or both... then this is not a great buffet for the price.  My bf eats meat and he said the same.  Nothing special.  Not even a good buffet for the price.  Last trip I ate at the M Resort buffet and the Wynn buffet.  Go there instead and save your stomachs and money.
3	Wait almost an hour for this place, and I have to say, it was only okay!  The selection of the food could've been better....I enjoyed their eggs, and slider burgers the most!  Haha.  Unfortunately, when I went for seconds for the eggs it was all gone already!  Boo.
5	$30 for lunch buffet, best buffet in town~~~
5	Oh Vegas how you tempt me with unlimited food and drink all around. First off, there is no shortage of buffets in Vegas, if you have some cash you'll find somewhere to stuff your face until you need to be rolled out in a wheelbarrow. That said, the hard part is finding a good buffet. Sure you can find $5 all-you-can-eat burgers, but if you want quality along with quantity you have to be prepared to spend some more. At $30 a person for dinner ($37 Fri. and Sat.), The Buffet at Bellagio is not cheap, but oh is it worth every penny. More often than not, quality falls rapidly as quantity goes up (Looking at you, Luxor) but Bellagio has proven that very good food served buffet style is possible. There is often a long line of people trying to drown their sorrows of losing their last hand of poker in infinite food (just kidding, not really), so be prepared to budget about 30-45 minutes of wait time. When you get inside the space is very well laid out with tables arranged around the central food extravaganza. There is a large staff busily making sure you find a table, that plates are cleared out of the way and drinks are constantly being refilled, and all of them are very professional acting and dressed (props, Bellagio). When you do get your food you'll probably be unsure of where to start due to the amazing array present. In short, if you crave it, they will likely have it. Juicy roasts? yup. Stir fry? That too, as are made to order sushi, salads, and Asian, Mexican, Italian, and American comfort cuisine on top of many more. In addition, the requisite unlimited shrimp cocktail and massive split king crab legs are present. The dessert selection is equally as impressive, with gelato, fresh fruit, crepes and pastries as far as the eye can see. So what makes Bellagio so different that they can offer high quality food in such a plebeian style? Well, here is where the clients come in. There is a constant stream of people who are willing to spend a few extra bucks for the promise of good food; as a result, food turnover is very high. Fresh food can be seen being cooked right behind the counters and are constantly being brought out. No food is left to sit for hours under heating lamps slowly withering away; it's always fresh and made with care. By the end of the meal, me and my entire family were more than happy with what we got. The food was very good, the service quick, attentive and personable with multiple servers stopping by to check on us and even engaging us in conversation. It's obvious Bellagio put effort into making their buffet stand above the rest and it shows. If you want to keep eating your unlimited $5 burgers go right ahead, but I know where I will be returning if a major case of the hungry ever hits in Vegas. Shell out the $30 for dinner and you won't regret it, anyways, you can always win it back later in one last round of blackjack.
2	Mediocre at best.  Robotic staff, prime time pricing over $30.  Huge wait in line.  Yes kobe beef is served, but sushi rice was not fresh, crab legs were overly salt brined, pate' was funky, desserts were all mislabeled.  Next time, back to Cesaer's!
4	This year the buffet price was lowered to $20 from $30 the previous year for lunch.  There are no crab legs unfortunately and the dessert selection was not as good as last year.  There were a variety of fish items including: seared salmon, wahoo fish, smoked salmon, smoked scallops, smoked trout, some sort of calamari salad.  They had sliders, a variety of pizzas including pesto shrimp.  This year I felt the buffet was number 3, behind The Cosmopolitan's buffet and Aria's buffet.  Also the line was ridiculously long.
5	Best buffet in las vegas. Great variety, quality food and the best deserts which include chocolate covered strawberries! Must go here if you are in vegas.
2	Bellagio's Buffet reminds me of Jessica Alba - totally beautiful on the outside but all hype and fluff on the inside.I really wanted to like this buffet. And while all its food looked beautiful, everything tasted... off. The prime rib, chicken, etc. were all underseasoned. The steak tartare tasted like bland mush (serves me right for trying it at a buffet, I know). The creme brulee was too eggy. Maybe my expectations were too high and thus I felt let down. But I've had much better food at buffets at Wynn (shocker there, I know!), Planet Hollywood, and Mandalay Bay. You're better off getting your gorge on at one of those places.
3	Like everything else at the Wynn, prices jumped about $7 since we last visited the north end of the strip while overall quality and experience remained the same.Our foursome agreed on Sunday bunch with bottomless mimosas (wee!), and waited about 30 mins before we realized we could have used the "invited guest" line. Sads.It took a little while to get our bevs, but our server was (overly) attentive with the champs (and they pour Frexinet!). All that booze though meant my hunger hit the floor like a discarded shrimp tail. I indulged in the usual fare, but let's face it, breakfast food it cheap so I doubt I got my money's worth. I sampled some heavier fare, but not enough to make this a "deal".
2	We beat the holiday rush of prices paying $29.99 per person for dinner.  Surprisingly rated top 10 buffets in Las Vegas, it was nothing special.  Even the Wynn had ice sculptures and chocolatiers (from what I can remember).  The buffet was disappointing to say the least but a bit better than some other buffets that I've had.  Food: Why are the crab legs always cold?  Can't they serve them hot for once?  I don't like to eat any seafood cold.  The desserts were probably the best but like any other mass produced food, the best was the creme brulee and the strawberry tart with vanilla pudding on the bottom.  The sushi was mediocre being laid out and people taking mass quantity at one time.  This is a buffet, leave some for the people in line won't ya?  The meats were okay but with all the people hoarding the food, the presentation lacked its luster.Service:  We were fortunate to get chosen from the line with the number of people in our party (so avoided a 2 hour wait so we heard).  We ended up sitting at the bar area and the staff was very pleasant and nice.  Layout: Like most buffets, they try to separate things however with the seafood and meats compacted in the same area, better to spread out the lines instead of cramming them through the sitting area.  I did not want to do any of those lines, so mostly salads, desserts, and italian for me.  There was not a lot of varied selection which I found surprising.  Even the rio carnival buffet had more I thought (haven't been there in years, so can't vouch now).I wouldn't go back...definitely going to try the M studio buffet the next time.  Although further south of the strip, worth to try something new for that price.  I hear it even includes champagne/wine as part of your meal purchase.  Can't beat that!
2	Are you kidding me? It twas the night before Christmas. Alot of tourist in Vegas. We waited for freakin 2 and a half hours just to get a taste of the gourmet buffett. We saw alot of people cutting in line and employees are very poor in handling the situation. It is also unfair that they have very few registers and that makes the line very long and people very upset. The food is okay, not the gourmet you would expect from a fine Las Vegas restaurant. For the price, of $45 i would expect alot more than the selection they had to offer although there are some good food choices like Kobe steak and King Crab. But i was expecting some fried chicken, french fries or even and  some waffles in most buffetts which they didn't have. If i were you save your money and your time and just hit up Gaylord Indian restaurant in rio and you'll have a better time.
2	REALLY??! 4 STARS?!I was so excited to try out the buffet at the Bellagio.  Reading all reviews for all the buffets in Vegas this seemed like it was one of the best ones.  My family went to Vegas for Christmas to watch Cirque du Solei and we wanted to get dinner before the show.  And the buffet was conveniently located next to the "O" theater.It took us about an hour to get in and we stood in line at 3:30pm.  So I can't even imagine how long it would take to get in during normal dinner hours.  Since it was the holidays, it was $45 per person.  With such high prices and reviews I was expecting a bomb ass dinner.  Maybe I expectations were too high to be realistically met but I thought all the food was average or below average.  I tried various cuts of beef and duck and thought all the meat was towards the dry side.  Also I tried the foie gras and it was not good.  I know everyone raves about the all you can eat crab legs.  BUT THEYRE COLD!!  When crab meat is cold I don't really like it and the warm butter didn't really improve the taste either.I was excited to try all the cute desserts but they were all ok but the chocolate mousse was pretty good.Even if the buffet was $30, I wouldn't think it was nearly worth it and I don't think I'll eat here again.
3	There are many options for food, and they are okay.  They raised the price for holiday, so I guess if you go normal day, you would probably think it's a pretty good deal.  However, I waited for a bit more than an hour to get in, I really think I would rather pay a bit more to go to a nice restaurant that I can make an appointment.  The best thing is the king crab, and I liked the flan.
4	For all the hype this buffet receives, I thought it was OKAY. I mean, sure, I can say it's the best buffet I've ever eaten at, but still, I guess because everyone I know kept going "OH MY GOSH THE BELLAGIO BUFFET IS LIKE THE BEST IN THE WORLD LIKE OH MY GOSH!", I just expected ... a lot more, or maybe I'm just really picky? Who knows.I ate at the Bellagio Buffet on my first day here in Vegas. My friend and I tried to cheat the system -- we wanted to make it right before lunch ended and dinner began, so we'd avoid paying dinner prices. Apparently, everyone and their mother was doing the same. We got there at 2:45, and didn't get seated until 3:30, lol. Now, I don't know how much dinner at The Bellagio usually costs -- since we weren't able to pay a cheap lunch price, so I was expecting to pay ... $30 at the most for dinner, on a Wednesday. But nope! Because of the "holiday" season, dinner on a weekday (I'm not sure if it's the same for weekends) cost an eye-opening $45/person! Yup, $97 for two people. I had to dip into my gambling budget to pay for dinner, and when the cashier handed me back my receipt, I was expecting a room key or something with it, because I seriously couldn't believe I spent $100 for dinner on a Wednesday, and I didn't get anything else. But again, I'm the type of person who tries to get into buffets right as lunch ends to avoid paying dinner prices, so no judgment. We wanted to stay at the buffet for at least two hours to get our moneys worth, and that we did. My friend and I went through about four and five plates each, plus dessert. The buffet has A LOT of food. I think after my third round, I was trying to find a fork, and discovered another section of the buffet that I had missed, lol. I didn't notice any Mexican food (I was hoping for a taco station or something!), but they had lots of pasta (fettuccine, tortellini, ravioli), lots of DELICIOUS pizza, lamb, steak, turkey, Asian / Thai food, some American ... they had sushi, which I did not like. (I've decided that I just can't bring myself to like the sushi served at buffets -- I prefer the 'All You Can Eat' sushi route instead of the 'buffet' type of thing). The desserts, I think, were more pretty to look at than they were to eat. They were good, but nothing really stood out. Or maybe I was just really full from the food and couldn't appreciate it.So all in all, this buffet is just okay. I'm definitely going to try the Wynn's Buffet soon to settle this rivalry between the two. Whatever expectations you have of the Bellagio's Buffet, just take it down a couple of notches and I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
4	I'm not sure what else I can add to the existing reviews, so I'll say this much: get the bread pudding -- you won't regret it.  I would also suggest going here only on a weekday, and getting in line early (easy if you just never went to bed in the first place).  I think we got in around 8:30am with no line whatsoever; by the time we left around 10:00 or 10:30, the line was at least an hour if not more.
3	I am not sure if quality went down or I just have that mentality where I think Vegas strip food is overpriced, but this place was okay. Food: Mac and cheese: My friend raved about their truffle mac and cheese (and i love truffles), but the mac and cheese definitely did not have truffles and was like any other mac and cheese Bacon: This probably gave this place one extra star. This was really great. It is a thick cut of bacon and crispy to perfection. Prime Rib: dry. Steak: mehDesserts: typical selection. The banana foster was basically sugar. Sushi: dinner they have sashimi rolls. It is a buffet so quality is always downgraded but this place is known to be the best on the strip.
2	Having read all reviews, I decided to try Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan and then The Buffet at Bellagio. Boy, was I in for a treat at Wicked Spoon but an utter disappointment (to say the least) at Bellagio.The prices don't differ much but more should be expected of the $30 Bellagio than the $27 Wicked Spoon (on weekends as well!) This was sadly not the case.The hype surrounding the crab legs turned out to be a meh moment. True, they were pretty huge. It is easy to mistake brine water for freshness but the texture gave them away. I'd imagined crab meat in its luscious and chewy grandeur but they were more like less than chewy strands soaked in ice and seawater. (Wicked Spoon had limited crab w/ drawn butter and it tasted superior even when I was bloated)The meat department fared only average imo. The alleged Kobe Beef was definitely not the kind that melts in your mouth. Although Wicked Spoon offers similar stuff, you do get more variety and at least the Galbi and Braised Short Ribs (at WS) were yummy.Dessert: Oh don't get me started. WS throws its competition out of the window. How can Bellagio even compare? One would expect that the desserts should be worthy of Jean Phillipe Patisserie also in the hotel but that is far from true. The creme brulee was not bad but the cheesecakes and sorbets brought back horrific college dining hall memories. Compare this with: fresh strawberries and bite-size apples coated in amazing chocolate, shots of delicate mousse, a selection of delectable fudges and fresh, flavorful gelato at Wicked Spoon. For desserts alone, WS deserves 5 stars and I have to beat myself up to give Bellagio 2 stars.2 stars for: the service - efficient although it wasn't the best; the cranberry juice (I would hardly be lying if I said that was the best thing I had all night). My only guess is WS is a new buffet building its name and the line was shorter (outrageous!). In a few years, I bet (that's what you do in vegas) the price, line and rating will far exceed Bellagio.
4	Arrived around breakfast, line was fairly long. Didn't seem to take long to get through it. Service was above average, greeted by everyone. Waiter was at the table in no time to greet us as well, was also very quick to take away the dirty plates. Large selection, food was very fresh! Price seemed a little steep but its a buffet they run fairly higher. Overall we would probably visit it again!
4	OMG, I KO'ed after this Holiday Buffet.My Asian parents have me trained in buffets. Go in right before lunch turns to dinner, and reap benefits of both offerings. Skip the breads, salads and breakfast stuff. Go for the seafood and proteins.Highlights of the meal:Spicy tuna hand rollAlaskan/snow crab legsPrime rib and horseradishSteak wellingtonsMashed sweet potatoes? -- awesomeShrimp cocktailLox and cream cheese/capersSalmon nigiriOh, and awesome crispy baconI heard the lamb and fish were good. Lobster and shrimp raviolis were also delightful. Overall, I'm not a dessert person, so I only sampled a bits and pieces which weren't bad.It took me a whole day to recover from that 3 hour excursion... diners tread carefully.
4	I came here for lunch and it was a decent $21 for what I got. Though I would have loved to eat prime rib and crab legs, I think the cheaper price definitely made up for it.Highlights:- lamb leg was juicy and tender- shrimp pesto pizza- decent pastas- shrimp cocktail- sliders were tastyDisappointments:- spicy tuna hand roll was way too spicy- rotisserie chicken was dry- macaron filling was terrible. I ended up scraping it out and eating the outer layers- waitress was inattentiveOverall, I would say that the food was good for the price I paid. I knew that I wouldn't get the really good stuff because we were only there for lunch so I think the Bellagio buffet was a success :)
4	I went here for lunch on a weekday and it was extremely affordable and worth the money. They had a wide range of foods from beef, poultry, pasta, seafood, even sushi. Our server was very attentive and brought us our drinks and took away our plates without us having to ask. All of the food was very well prepared. Th cheesecake was very creamy as was the raspberry chocolate mousse. I definitely recommend this place for a lunch, but be prepared to be EXTREMELY full after eating here.
5	This buffet is a step up compare to Wynn's buffet! Bellagio has the beautiful desserts and different selections of food like Wynn but it is more delicious! Make Bellagio your last buffet in Vegas! Because you know what they say, save the best for last. And this is definitely the best ever! :)
3	I had really high expectations for the Bellagio Buffet, especially since it had good reviews and people have said that it rivals the Buffet at The Wynn in almost every way.  I was a little hesitant though when I saw that it cost $32.99 for New Years Brunch.  It's times like these where posting up a menu is very important, but I didn't see it anywhere.  So I took a chance with it.This Brunch Buffet didn't really do it for me. I pretty much got the same stuff that I would've picked up at Flavors at Harrahs or Le Village at Paris for half the price.  The only way for me to make up the $32.99 was to load up on Crab Legs which is what I did (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=JP-DNf9eXH1T9IsESWsR5g).  I also picked up some Prime Rib and Eggs which were just okay.  There wasn't really anything offered at Brunch that really blew me away.If you've gone to the Wynn Buffet and haven't been to the Bellagio Buffet yet, just stick with the Wynn.  You might feel a little underwhelmed with the Bellagio Buffet like I was.  I think would have had a much better brunch at Bouchon for what I paid here.
3	OK. So before I begin.. I am not a huge fan of buffets.. Its just not my thing. Sure I can eat a lot for my size. When new friends see me eat they always have that surprised look on their face. But ne ways,the buffet is huge... like they have everything you can think of.. from the salad bar to sushis to chinese, to pasta, to lamb, prime rib.. the dessert SECTION.. king crab legs (best part). If you are hungry this is def the place to go.. They have foods to please pretty much everyoneIf you like buffets u shud try this one out!
4	Oh my...there is way too much food here!!! I typically try to avoid buffets but was going along with the group. In my mind buffets are a little gross with bad quality food but Vegas breaks my negative attitude. We went on Friday night for dinner...we got there at 6:15pm and had to wait in line for about 45 minutes. I started talking to the guy in front of me and he told me that he waited an hour and half to be seated on Thursday Night.... wow this guy must love waiting in buffet lines! Oh yeah ATT cell service and 3G were not very good in line, so don't expect to waste some time surfing the net or writing a Yelp Review. On to the food...cost per person was 37 bucks. This place was loaded full of high ticket items: Sushi, Crab Legs, Shrimp, Kobe Sirloin, Prime Rib, Beef Wellington, Goose, Quail, and Duck. So if you are looking to try and bust the bank, then I recommend you eat at least 2 pieces of everything I just listed. Also included in the buffet: Salad, Soup and Bread... please don't eat this...if you wanted this don't come here go to the Olive Garden...you will save about 30 bucks. There were also several different pizzas and pastas. And it just keeps going...if you cant find something you like here then you way too picky. A few more items to mention: Pork Ribs, Mac and Cheese, vegetables, Spicy Beef, Asian Noodles...I'm full just typing all of this. And if you are still hungry there is a giant desert bar! I think I am in a food coma...I need to go and roll to my hotel room!!!
3	Yup $35 dollars will get you into this fabulous buffet! Woooweee nothing really stood out to me here to be honest. I almost felt like it was fufu food. Super fancy food, with no taste to it. Now, The desert were amazing!! the ambiance was pretty nice. I almost feel like I need to give it one more try.
5	Careful, this might be the Lotus Casino...if you come here you might as well stay all day.  There is something for everyone and lots of it.  Very attentive staff.  However, if there was a line, I wouldn't wait - but I can't think of a restaurant that I would wait in line for!
5	amazing. best buffet i have ever had. so happy when i left. i tried so many new and wonderful things. defiantly will be coming back. they have a very good variety andgreat service. really good options. and really cool dessert set up.
5	Waiting an hour to eat brunch SUCKS.  But let me tell you, once you're in, it's well worth the wait.This buffet has EVERYTHING.  From sushi to snow crab to pizza to prime rib.  It's all delicious too.  Nothing is dry, bland, or overcooked.With that said, it's expensive so fast the day before and pace yourself when you eat to maximize your food intake.
3	My girlfriend and I visited this place a couple of days ago. Overall, a good lunch, but "good" is not what I expected from the Bellagio. In fact, I preferred the desserts more than any of the other dishes. The sliders didn't have much flavor, and the buns were too dry. The turkey, too, was dry, and I thought the lamb tasted a little gamey. The mashed sweet potatoes were way too sweetened with (I think) cinnamon and maple. It took 5 minutes before we got our first drink, and we had to flag down the server to get a refill. Again, I would have to say this was a decent experience overall, but the various little problems still left me feeling disappointed. Yes, it was lunch on a Thursday, but shouldn't a place like the Bellagio be on top of its game everyday?
5	SOOOOOOOOOOOO good! Best buffet in Vegas! Compared to the other buffets, Bellagio's price was not that pricey. It was 64 for both my bf and I for dinner. I LOVED this place! There was a HUGE selection of food to choose from. I had just about everything LOL jk, but I did go up about 3-4 times:) I've never been to a buffet with such a big variety comin' from different cultures. If you're in Vegas, please give this place a try because you will NOT be disappointed!!! :)YUM!!
4	This place was legit. It was definitely not as pricey as I thought it was going to be given that it is in the Bellagio Hotel. Regardless, I paid $35 for brunch including the $5 unlimited champagne. And let me tell you...it's good champagne and you don't have to stick to just mimosas. You can try it with grapefruit juice, cranberry juice, etc etc. Possibilities are endless! Not to mention the waiter topped us off every time he'd pass by our table.And the food was to die for. Everything from the eggs to the fish to the prime rib and potatoes is definitely worth trying. Come with an empty stomach and you will leave satisfied. We ate at 1pm and I did not eat anything for the rest of the day...I was THAT stuffed. Definitely try the pizzas, prime rib, and eggs benedict. The sushi I would not recommend; the selection was ok and the line got way too crazy.And then there are the desserts. There is a wide selection and everything is pretty much bite-sized so you can essentially try every single one. And then of course there are fruits and muffins and croissants and etc etc. Overall, definitely one of the best buffets in Vegas. I did not give it 5 stars because I expected more variety in the pasta/steak sections and the sushi was a let-down.
5	Two words:  SEA BASS!If you eat nothing but Sea Bass, like I did, you'll not only satisfy your palate but you certainly got your money's worth!!!  I believe they only serve it during dinner though, but it's worth the wait!  You know that saying, "It melts in your mouth like butter?"  "It" is their Sea Bass. The offerings at the Bellagio Buffet have always been solid.  Upscale but not overly pretentious.My biggest tip:  Skip your ordinary food, such as the Orange Chicken and go for the higher end food.  This is the Bellagio Buffet, you can get your Orange Chicken fix at Panda Express anytime!
4	Very good buffet!!!  Cold snow crab legs (2 kinds) cracked open for you, prime rib, BBQ ribs, roasted chicken, sushi, ceviche, pasta (lobster ravioli, manicotti, and penne), fruits, dessert.  I only wish the snow crab legs could be served hot with butter, but everything was good and fresh, their seafood was the best thing they had!!  Prime rib was good but all the other meats were just OK.  Their carrot cake and passion fruit mousse was really good for dessert.  Pasta was also very good.
4	I remember this Buffet being amazing.  It was really really good, but I am not sure if it was that incredible this time around. Lots of good food and the service was nice.  We got in before 9:30 so there wasn't a line.  By the time we got out the line was waaay out the door.  Love the made-to-order omelet and the delicious shrimp galore.  The roasted potatoes were the absolute highlight. Yum! The desserts are beautiful and tasty.  Will be back when I am in Vegas.
3	I love buffets and I got to them a lot. So I already been to the buffet at the Wynn hotel so I was more then happy to try a different buffet. My friend suggested the one at bellagio and I though sure! A new place, a new yelp review!So we head in, thank goodness we came early because there was no line to wait and pay but there was a wait time to get a table for 6??? I was a bit frustrated because there were open tables and they just didn't seat us. We finally got seated after about 10-15 minutes of waiting. Usually when I go to buffets, I'm starving so no surprise...when we got there I was HUNGRY! So I decided to circle around the area to see what they have. For Vegas buffet, I felt the the selections were very limited and there was much things that appealed to me. But, I was still manged to get a little of everything. The taste was alright. It was able to get me full but I only scarf down 2 plates. I think the most enjoyable item was the pasta ravioli with truffle sauce. Besides that, it was alright. The food was okay, nothing really gave me a a wow factor.
4	I was at this buffet this past weekend for MLK weekend. I have to say, success! My girlfriends and I went around 2:30pm. We took our time eating  and eventually stayed until the dinner items came out at 4pm. Yes, we ate a lot. But we also ate really slow since the night before of course was filled with a little too much alcohol! They have a pesto mashed potatoes which is so good! They had rack of lamb and whole rotisierre chicken. When dinner items came out they of course have alaskan king crab legs and snow crab legs. The chicken noodle soup was perfect after a night of drinking. They also has Ostrich. I tried it out because I figured I'd never eat it anywhere else. Not bad. Tastes normal. The servers were friendly. There is a full bar in there. Their sushi selection wasn't the best.
1	Waited an hour only to find out they didn't have crab legs.needless to say, I was pissed.
5	Best buffet in town, hands down. I saw things here that I didn't see at other buffets. Definitely a great place to go.
5	Date of Visit: 1/17/11Reason: because i was fridgen hungry!!! Wow factor: the Ahi and Salmon poke! Made me feel closer to home.What did I have?1. Ahi and Salmon Poke: it was good considering we were 6,000 miles away from home.  It is comparable to a typical shoyu poke without the onions and had a little more spice to it.2. Prime Rib: the first buffet that actually gives you a true slice of prime rib...i'm not sure how many ounces it was but the piece they gave me was huge!!!  It was nice and moist and my favorite part about it was that it had a good amount of fat to it. =)3. Alaskan King Crab legs and Snow Crab legs:  i suggest you just eat the King Crab legs because they are larger and have more meat in it.  They are all already half cut so they are easy to eat.  Don't forget to grab a bowl of hot butter.4. Shrimp cocktail:  i always end up getting too much shrimp because they look sooo good.  5. Mussels:  not sure what kind of mussels but it was cooked in some type of red sauce which was pretty good.  If you could just add pasta to it, it would make a good mussell pasta.6. Steamed Sea Bass: if you're a fan of bass, this would be a good dish for you because it's steamed to the finest texture.7. Special Roll Sushi: It's just a vegetable roll wrapped with Ahi (Tuna) on top of it.  I would call it a poor man's rainbow sushi.  Good enough for a buffet.8.  Ahi and Salmon roll: there are your normal strip of ahi and salmon on top of rice.  Remember to grab some wasabi and soy sauce.9. Desserts: can't remember what I tried, but they had a wide variety of desserts.  I always end up getting the vanilla ice cream topped with nuts and caramel and fudge sauce...mmmmmmhmmmmmThere were a lot more dishes that I didn't name here that were available, the full menu should be available on the Bellagio website.The plus that I liked about this buffet was that before paying for the buffet, the waitresses allow you to enter the buffet area to check out the food before you pay.  Hope this helps and Enjoy!!!
2	This was a great buffet when the launched years ago but for the price and what else you can get out there I dont think that its worth it anymore. Some of the seafood selections are good such as the crab, shrimp, etc but where the fall down is trying too many things in one place. All of the food either begins to taste the same or none of it tastes great. I'd rather spend a bit more and go to a place where I can be served and have a GREAT meal...especially in VEGAS the home to the best restaurants in the world!
4	I went for lunch on a weekday and there was no line.  Yeah, it was a good, solid buffet.  I didn't eat as much as I wanted to -- I think I just didn't pace myself very well.  But I think if I had been hungrier this would have been worth $20 for lunch.From what I remember, the best items were:- a mountain of shrimp cocktail (be careful not to take too many tho!  leave room for other things!)- very decent steak- ribs- smoked salmon and scallopsTheir Asian selection was pretty unimpressive looking (both the sushi and hot Asian Fusion sections) but, hey,  I didn't come to taste the delicacies of the world.  I came to engorge on meat and seafood and -- oh yeah, dessert!The dessert section, sadly, didn't taste as good as it looked.  A couple of the items were pretty good but most were average or below average.  They had chocolate dipped strawberries but ran out before I could get any :(I'd probably come back.  But next time, I want crab legs!!!P.S. Non-alcohol drinks are free and distributed by waiter service.  If you want booze though, you can go to the bar and pay extra.
4	The seafood selection alone makes the $30 price worth it. I went back for multiple bowls of tuna and salmon poke and plates of sushi. Don't be fooled, it is still a Vegas buffet. It's still not the best food you'll ever have... unless it is.. then.. yikes, sorry. They have this Kobe beef... I should say "kobe" beef. It was good, it just was so not kobe beef. The desserts were adorable, they even had french macaroons. I just wish they had more toppings for their ice cream. Typical vegas buffet, maybe a step up from the rest. I'd go again. But not for a while, I'm still full from this place.
3	Definitely the best buffet I have ever been to, but it was not as great as I had expected. We waited in line for an hour and paid about 60 ish for lunch + champagne. The selection of food wasn't amazing.... the crab wasn't good, and the only sushi they had were like California rolls. The salmon tasted like it came straight from the farm, but the other fishes were pretty good. I did like the prime rib, a couple of the asian dishes, and the pasta. The deserts were good, but the fruits were not sweet. It was decent, but not as spectacular as everyone says. Oh and I think I got some kind of allergic reaction from something cuz I broke out into rashes after eating there! It's definitely better than your neighborhood hometown buffet, but don't expect anything mind blowing!
3	The Bellagio breakfast was just ok.We came for the cheapest of their buffets - weekday breakfast, more on the later side so we could cross-over in to lunch. I think I was just not in the right frame of mind, or the buffet was having an off day, but nothing really stood out or grabbed me, and I even began to question my buffet-loving self!The best was their fresh french toast & pancakes. Absolutely amazing, warm and fluffy. Big vat of bread pudding? Always a huge plus. Two different kinds of breakfast potatos? All delicious. Tons of different breakfast pastries, from a myriad of muffins to (a very good) cinnamon bun and danishes? Check! Maybe I carbo-loaded too much? I did have lotsa beautiful fruits, though!By the time lunch came around I was tuckered out and nothing really spoke to me. However I tried their fresh pizza & it was great! Desserts were super disappointing because none of them tasted fresh. Not even their cute little shapes could sway me, which was sad.They had a lot of cold vegetarian options which was great, and some warm veggies but nothing too sensational. I didn't try what looked to be Pad Thai because it looked a little too forced to me..Maybe it was the ambiance - a little dumpy, and the layout was a bit chaotic. I promise I will try you again, Bellagio Buffet. Someday!
4	Worth coming to.  I went here a year ago and the items I remember were the beef wellington and the green mashed potatoes.  Both of them were delicious!!!  Therefore, make sure to try these two items before you get too full up on soso items.  I don't really remember the desserts to well because there was nothing wow.
5	Can you say yum?  Probably one of the best buffets I've ever been to.  Save a bit of money by lining up right before lunch ends to save money and still get food they serve for lunch and dinner.Amazing desserts.  Crab great (but needed to be a bit defrosted the last time I went).Worth the trip and the money for sure.
4	the best buffet in town (i feel). definitely come here for dinner because they have fancy dishes such as an assortment of different ravioli as well as rack of lamb and special dishes like beef wellington. absolutely impressive. the sushi choice isn't the best but who cares? they have the best of everything else. if you're a breakfast fan, their french toast is fantastic.
4	The quintessential Vegas buffet and it definitely lived up to its hype. It was a sea of unending food and all of it pleased me immensely. The servers were very prompt in refilling drinks. I was so delighted to sample so many unique foods!
5	Effing awesome! Worth the wait in line if you have friends to eff around with.Go hungry so you can eat all of the seafood. Many different kinds of fish to choose from.Been to a couple different buffets in Vegas and this one has been the best so far.Been here twice for the champagne brunch and they are really good about refilling your glass.
2	The food is decent, but not worth the price of admission, in my opinion. I much prefer the buffet at Wynn - better taste, better presentation, better ambiance.
5	One of the best buffets in Las Vegas! Big selection, high quality food, lots of seafood, clean, good service, and their coffee is the best I ever had. The only problem I can think of with this buffet is that there is always a long line no matter what time of day (probably not so much on weekdays). But it's well worth the wait and the price I must say.
5	After so many years, this is still the best Vegas buffet!  It's ~$35 per person for weekend dinner, but I think it's definitely worth it.  They have both Snow Crab AND Alaskan King Crab legs that are already pre-cracked for.  Their selection of red meat is also much better than the other buffets, including Kalbi-marinated Ostrich, Prime Rib, Quail, Pork Loin and more.  And don't forget to leave room for a plate or two of desserts.  All the mini-sized desserts are delicious and just the right portion for when your stomach is starting to run low on space.  Be sure to get there around 5:30-6pm as the line does start to build up later on.
3	I was actually a little underwhelmed by this buffet.  Maybe it was just hyped up too much by my friend, maybe I was expecting more than just your typical breakfast items for the price paid.Aside from the endless Mimosas, the Eggs Benedict and smoked salmon were probably the best things available.  The sushi bar was severely lacking in choices with only California Rolls and Veggie Rolls.  Then again....this place is in the middle of the desert...should I really be that surprised?Brunch will run you a little over $30 per person which, honestly, you're mostly paying for is the name "Bellagio".
5	After tax, expect to be shelling out nearly $40, but it is well worth it. Plan on starving yourself all day before the dinner buffet, otherwise you'll regret not eating the extra 6 pounds of Alaskan king crab legs you could have shoved down your gullet otherwise. Everything I had was great, especially the kobe steak, porterhouse steak, lamb shanks, ahi nigiri, and beef bourguignon, beef wellington. Which leads me to my next bit of advise: if you go to this buffet, be a carnivore. It is probably not worth it if you are a vegetarian or vegan. Oh, don't fill up on carbs or salad here, but that should be obvious to any seasoned face-stuffer.
5	Came here with the boyfriend for dinner on a Saturday. The line was pretty long but we got seated fairly quick. Food was great. Of course, the highlight of the meal was the crab legs. Sweet, juicy, tender and succulent - just how crab should be. The lamb chops, Kobe top sirloin, prime rib, and beef wellington were also pretty good. For dessert, the creme brule and macarons were to die for. I fell in love with macarons after our dinner here. We were on a time crunch to catch the Jabbawockeez so we didnt get to stay here for too long. Definite must go-to spot if you have a big appetite while  in Vegas. Skip the buffet at Wynn and go here. We tried both buffets and Bellagio's is definitely better! Bigger, better selection of food and our service was outstanding. I loved our server. Very attentive, and has the eyes of a hawk. She refilled our drinks before they were even half empty. Thanks!
1	gross. period. went to bellagio buffet years ago when it first opened and remembered it was really good. had not been there since then so hubby and i decided to try it on our recent trip to vegas and totally regretted it. the food looked gross and tasted gross and i'm not even a picky eater! let's just say this is the first time i left a buffet hungry.
3	One of the better ones. Enjoyed the crab legs and shrimp. Not as good as the Cosmopolitian.
4	I guess it doesn't get much better than this. Only place for improvement was the table area, which felt like a glorified canteen - a posh one I admit.The array of offered food is amazing, you surely should not come without a healthy appetite. But at 19,95 for breakfast I guess nobody will do that.To avoid another mistake: don't hold yourself up with bread if you want to have a salad to start with - and do take a good look around first, otherwise you might end up well filled too soon because you still keep discovering more dishes. (lol, thinking about it now 10days later makes me hungry).Was a bit disappointed with our waiter, who for every other table he worked on had more of a smile than for us - can't say what we could have done, honestly. Since I don't want to jump to conclusions I won't say more. Maybe with all the hovering around the room to get the empty plates off they get disappointed with the puny tips some folks leave... then again, disinterested demeanor is not going to change that.But still, couldn't spoil that delicous meal we had there ! Highly recommend.(oh, come rather early I guess ... only because it was low season we found a table right away, I'm sure. Waiting lines in high season reported to be dozens of yards long)
3	A little disappointed - went for dinner on a Wednesday night and waited about 5 min in line before being seated.  I ate about 4 plates of food and here is what I think:ENTREE- kobe sirloin is a bit dry even though it was cooked to medium- leg of lamb was pretty good and juicy, except the mint jelly was on the counter by the heat lamp so it was more like mint soup- prime rib (got 2 servings cuz the first cut was rare and the second cut was medium well) -- where is the medium rare cut?- crab legs - had both king crab and snow crab, nicely cut but a little bit on the salty side - can't complain about crab legs (and it's hard to mess up crab legs sitting on ice)- had two different fish (one was sea bass) - it was decent- ahi and salmon poke had good flavor but the fish tasted a bit mushy- sauteed bakchoy was delicious (i actually ate about 6 or 7 stalks of it) - cooked just right, not too raw and not over cooked, salted just rightsad to say the rest of the entrees didn't really interest me and I skipped the saladsDESSERTone thing i enjoy most about buffets are their dessert because they come in bite-size portions and a wide variety of selection but nothing I had today was 'to-die-for' - meaning I wouldn't care for seconds.  Don't get me wrong, the stuff was good: creme brulee, flan, little creamed filled waffle cones, mille feuille, ice cream, cookies, fruit tart.  I had them all :)The last time I came to Bellagio's buffet was back in 2003 on a weekend and it left a lasting memory.  So maybe it was my mind playing tricks on me after 8 years, but it wasn't as good as I had remembered.
4	As many of friend highly recommend this buffet, I had a high expectation. I think it missed a little bit but for the mostly part, this is a very nice buffet to hit in Vegas. We went around 4pm to avoid the long wait. I was overwhelmed by varieties of the items. I tried different dish for one or two bits. My favorite ones: Spanish Paella with Shellfish. Moisture rice with tender shrimp and shellfish. Shrimp pizza: Yes. Pizza. I am surprised the wonder taste of shrimp pizza. Ahi Poke: fresh tuna with perfect spicy taste. Miso soup with mushroom. And Dessert! especially Tiramisu. I think I could go next time to just eat the dessert. I was not impressed with prime rib nor leg of lamb. Snow crab legs and king crab legs are fine but nothing special. Swordfish and grilled Salmon were dry.
5	the BEST buffet on the Strip, hands down!  the buffet is spread with tons of seafood, sushi, different types of meat, salads, sides, bread, soup, and more!  they even had venison when i was here 3 years ago!  the food is always fresh and very delicious. there`s also a huge section dedicated just to desserts! om nom nom nom  xDi always have to eat here whenever i`m in Vegas!
4	I'm veering towards more of a 3.5 stars.  It's mass produced food, and that's just tricky.  I think it's worth the money though.  We were there on a Sat.  There was kobe top sirloin, lamb chops, king crab claws...the entrees were all solid.  Be sure to diet all day so you can make the money worth it.  As I've heard from other sites, the desserts are weak, but still solid.  I'm glad I made it out here, but will not be returning.  There's just so many other buffets out there to try:)
4	a good buffet
5	It's been about three years since I had the Sunday brunch buffet here, and I still dream about it!That hazelnut french toast with chocolate almost put me in a sweet food coma.
2	Dear Buffet: WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU???!!!This was always one of my favorite Vegas buffets....seriously, what happened?  Still in the same beautiful hotel, still have the same long line with 1 hr+ wait...but where's the great tasting food I remembered?? :( I was really really disappointed the last time I was here. I did not enjoy any of the food I got: not the prime rib, not the sushi (there was no sashimi so that was -10 stars lol), not the seafood, not the dessert, not anything =ILe SighI guess this is goodbye, it's not you, it's me. No wait, it IS you.
3	We had high hopes for this place but sadly it wasn't as good as we expected.4 of us plus1 baby came here for dinner at 5 pm.  I know, that's the retirement hour but any later and the baby turns into a pumkin.The food was just ok, nothing special or out of the ordinary.  They had lots of king crab legs that were pretty good, prime rib (dry), lamb that didn't taste like lamb, kobe beef top sirloin (okay but dry), crepe station was good and the salmon & ahi poke were tasty.Unfortunately the sides were unexciting and the dessert was a total bust, not much flavour and generally unmemorable.  The last time we were in Vegas, we went to the Wynn buffet and that was much better.  Perhaps because it was a weekend and it was brunch.
4	I do my best at buffets when I'm under the influence of performance enhancing supplements, otherwise it's just a waste of money but at the Bellagio buffet, I wasn't drunk or anything and I enjoyed it. I think I made a total of six trips, 3rd servings of entrees, couple helpings of dessert here and there, tried the congee and some other stuff. I was disappointed that there was no seafood but maybe I came at the wrong time. I was pleased but life is too short to go to the same buffet in Las Vegas, so I'm not sure if I'll return.
3	Starting out with the positives, I loved the fish choices, and enjoyed the puffy bread, pastas, the ribs and the lamb. They have fresh grapefruit juice! The dessert area was overwhelming but the cheesecake, bread pudding, and creme brulee were the best.But in the end, I was really disappointed! All the beef I had was super undercooked, flat-out raw in the middle. The creme brulee wasn't fully cooked or crunchy on the top even though it tasted right. Everything was just kinda alright, and nothing very creative at all. We were gonna try Wynn the next day but after this we were wary too and instead had a fabulous brunch at Bouchon instead!
4	Very impressive buffet for $50 on a Saturday. They had prime rib, several different kinds of fish, lobster ravioli ( you need to pick out the Lobsters in this dish), lamb, pan fried quail (not good at all - no taste and not very good texture even though it looked good), salads, kobe sirloins, etc. I think they had some Chinese style dishes (one was roasted pork belly). This place sure has lots of variety and for the most part fairly good quality control. There were some odd dishes and some dishes with very poor quality control which is why this place doesn't get a 5 star. They had a nice selection of desserts, but not the best overall quality. The ambiance is nice and comfortable like an indoor country style setting. Maybe a little too much Chinese style influence on the food (esp with the strange stuff like quail and pork belly). BTW the quail was nothing like true authentic Chinese style roasted quail which is way way way better than Bellagios. Just b careful not to overeat... This will be my last buffet in a long long time if not ever...
4	I heard that the best two buffets in Vegas are the Bellagio and Wynn buffets.  I have yet to try the buffet at Wynn.  Next trip for sure.  I just tried the buffet at Bellagio.  Very good.  I was very happy.  The selection was good.  The food was good.  The dessert was good.  The service was good.  Thumbs up!  Of the buffets that I tried so far in Vegas, this one is my favorite.  Second comes Monte Carlo, third comes Paris, fourth Carnival ...
3	Frankly, this place didn't meet expectations. We had the regular weekday dinner, and I was excited to try kobe beef for the first time, but it didn't have all the tenderness that I expected. Still, I was willing to give them a pass on it until I ran into two other major problems:1) Some of the king crab legs were really salty, and others were really icy. You could taste the ice crystals. Both of these factors distracted from the anticipated heavenliness of the crab feast, so -1 star.2) The desserts were generally not that impressive. The cheesecake, tiramisu, chocolate cake thingy, and non-brulee portion of the creme brulee didn't taste right. While I eventually found several desserts that I enjoyed (the dark chocolate cone thing; the bananas foster, which seems like a flambe or just heated bananas with a sweet syrup that worked out; the peach sorbet and raspberry sorbet), I expected far better than hit-or-miss quality from this place.Now for some dishes that I would recommend if you choose to try this place: bass, seared bluenose fish with the dark sauce, leg of lamb, shrimp and pesto pizza, the pastas, and oh man, the shrimp cocktail was absolutely spectacular. Still, I expected more out of this place, so I'm only giving 3 stars.
3	I tried both the Bellagio buffet and the Wynn buffet since there were so many mixed reviews for both. I have to say that the Wynn buffet is so much better. My boyfriend and I stood in line at around 2:30pm and stayed until 4pm for the dinner items (which only included some new sushi items, crab legs, and prime rib). The spicy tuna hand roll and salmon poke was probably the best part of the buffet. The dessert was mediocre. The creme brulee tasted like pudding, it was very watered down and had a runny consistency. I did enjoy the peach and strawberry self-serve sorbet though but not much of the other desserts really stood out to me. I wish there was more variety and choices for the buffet, my boyfriend even indicated that he went back several times only to get the same items he had already eaten.
2	Went here for dinner with friends and wanted to see what all the hyped was all about. For a $30 buffet, I wasn't impressed. I didn't think that the lamb was delicious, if anything, it tasted like it wasn't cooked well. Disappointed. The snow crabs were that great as well. There weren't that much meat in the crab legs. Lastly, the dessert choices were very limited. Overall, I can't even remember the good part about eating here.. That just shows that I am not impressed at all.
1	I had high expectations for the Bellagio buffet due to the numerous amounts of people who say its one of the best buffets in town.  So we gave it a try. Wait staff: like most buffets, they come around and clean your empty plates, fill you drinks and answer any other questions you might have. So I wouldn't say they are the most friendliest since they are running around like mad. Our waitress was nice though.Food: Well, this is were the review really goes down hill. The steaks tasted like poor cuts of meat or if the meat going bad. It was not tender. We tried the prime rib. This was not too bad. everything else was either bland, tasteless or dried out. One of my friends resorted to eating cookies and drinking milk to fill up.The King crab legs were not very fresh tasting either.The Bok Choy had bits of sand / sediment still lodged in its leaf. While we were there, at least 7-8 tables of people left within 10-15 mins of sitting down due to the disappointment of the buffet. I am truly sorry I could not give it more than 1 start for such a beautiful Hotel/Casino. Maybe it was an off day for the start or maybe they had food issues that transferred to our meal.I highly doubt I will go back to give them a 2nd chance when there are other buffets in Vegas to try.Price: At about $35 a person, its very expensive when you consider the quality of the mealOverall: My advice is beware, it may not be as good as everyone touts it to be. Since you are in Vegas, you Will be taking a gamble on whether it will be good or not.Good Luck and Bon Appettie.
3	very good! seafood selection could be better. i LOVED the desserts
3	Went here for Saturday brunch. Had high expectations after reading reviews, but I was not impressed. Didn't have a lot to pick from, and there wasn't enough room. I think the Mirage buffet is way better than Bellagio's.
5	BEST BUFFET IN THE WORLD HANDS DOWN!If you are in Vegas this is a must go to buffet. If the line looks long suck it up and wait. When I went the line went out to the casino but we only waited about 20/25 min which isn't that bad. The price surprisingly isn't as high as I thought it would be the first time I went. I think dinner was $32 sun-thurs and $39 for fri/sat for "gourmet dinner". I highly suggest going on fri/sat since the selection was amazing. Highlights of the buffet:-prime rib-kobe beefA LOT OF PASTAS-endless crab legs, sashimi, sushi-and bombass desserts
4	awesome buffet! lot of variety! loved their prime rib!!!!!!!!!!! SOO good! was a little disappointed with their dessert section though. sad face.salad bar was quite withered.. didn't taste too fresh.other than that, delicious!
3	I had the same and better buffet @ Bellagio 2 years ago. When I went back this time, the quality of food wasn't as great as last time. I would rather try some new place next time. The customer service was excellent !
5	SOOO good.We went for lunch and dinner! The dinner wasn't all that much better than lunch but it was more than double the price!The selection of everything was amazing, prime rib, crab legs,beef wellington, lobster ravioli's, new york steak, all the best of everything! On top of the amazing food the dessert section was DIVINE. They had like 25 of the cutest mini desserts and literally all of them were amazing! I picked up a tiny bit of almost everything and took just one bite of each thing, there was not ONE thing I didn't like!I really recommend coming for lunch and not spending so much, the other perk is, you'll be so full that you won't need to eat again for the rest of the day! :]
4	Only the second-best buffet in Vegas. I write this right after reviewing the Wynn Buffet, and I have to say, GO TO THE WYNN. We went to both buffets on consecutive nights, and I personally thought the Bellagio could do some catching up to do.For one, the Bellagio actually seemed like a buffet. The table arrangements and decorations made it seem kinda touristy, as opposed to the classy Wynn. Albeit, the food was still great, but something seemed to be lacking when compared to the Wynn's.Bottom line: for the same cost and wait time, go to the Wynn for your premium Vegas buffet experience.
4	One hour wait for a modest selection of above average food.  They had only two carving stations and two omlet stations.  Bellagio really could have used more of everything or at least a better variety of food.
5	This is the best buffet I've ever experienced. So much food, and so little of a stomach to fill. All the amazing desserts, and many sugar-free. I can't describe how delicious everything was. I think it was worth the price to eat that many yummy things.
5	Went here for the dinner buffet. Ate only the seafood items which were delicious. Salmon, bluefin, shrimp, crablegs. Also had watermelon. Good Value for the money if you stick with the seafood. Can't comment on other items since I was stuffed after two full plates of nothing but seafood items. The desserts looked good tho!
4	If you want to get a true Las Vegas buffet experience The Buffet at Bellagio is a must. The food was amazing with a huge variety. Some notable offerings were prime rib, kobe sirloin, chilled king crab legs, and beef wellington. The deserts were amazing, especially the creme brulee and tiramisu. Being one of the more upscale hotels in Legas the buffet is a bit more expensive than others but definitely worth it as the quality matches the price quite well.
5	I never miss coming to this buffet every time I visit Vegas. Among the 6 or 7 buffets I tried, the buffet at Bellagio remain to be my all time favorites! What I love about this buffet is varieties, varieties, varieties! Not just varieties, but the food are in good qualities and most importantly freshness of the food they served. The yummy dessert they served is always the added bonus!I get this place a "Go," it doe get pricy so best time to come is lunch in my opinion!
3	Not my favorite buffet yet. But it is up there. They have everything you would want. The only meat that was disappointing to me was the cut of prime rib. It wasn't tender enough for my liking. Also, the seafood wasn't amazing, although I did like the ahi and salmon poke. The rack of lamb is something I would recommend.
5	The food was great. Tons of seafood and high quality dishes. The champagne kept flowing and the service was great. My favorite Vegas buffet. Worth every penny.
3	This buffet is pretty good, and if I've never been to the Buffet at Wynn I would probably think much more highly of it. They're about the same price so I can't help but compare. We came on a Tuesday evening at around 6:30pm and there was pretty much no wait for a table so that was nice. The servers were friendly and were also quick to refill drinks and remove dirty plates. When I go to these high priced buffets I always levitate towards two main things in order to get my money's worth: prime rib and crab legs. This buffet also featured Kobe steak which my boyfriend tried, but all three were disappointing. The crab legs were tiny and skinny with barely any meat to offer; no butter dip either. Both the prime rib and Kobe steak were overcooked and tasteless. I tried hard to love this place but I was yearning for the Wynn Buffet the entire time. There are some other good offerings but I don't know if there's really anything you could fill up on that would make it worth the high price tag. The desserts here are pretty good for a buffet. Try the Bananas Foster with some Vanilla ice cream on top! Mmm.
5	Awesome experience! Food: Everything we had was great, very fresh tasting and huge selection.Service: Outstanding. We had a fabulous experience here, I asked a question about one of the dishes (I can't have gluten), and the cook evidently told the head chef, you then came out, found me and took me through every station explaining what I could and could not have. Cost: In terms of a champagne brunch, extremely well priced (was about half of what another champagne brunch was that was nowhere near as good).We will definitely come back the next time we're in Vegas!
5	Very delicious!  had to wait half and hour before we could be seated.  It was just too popular.  In my opinion, The Buffet at Bellagio is better than Wynn's because the food was more fresh.  Just to highlight some food there: crab legs, kobe steak, rack of lamb, an awesome desert selection; however, sushi sucks.   Despite it being busy, my drink was always refilled and plates taken away.
5	I'm all about maximizing--getting the most deliciousness for my buck, so when it comes to buffets I try to stick to giant servings of seafood with some red meat and dessert on the side. Bellagio buffet is awesome and I leave in a happy food coma every time. Here's the scoop:Cost: Lunch (till 4pm) is $25 plus tip so $27, Dinner is $37 so around $40 with tip. On the weekends, unlimited champagne is an extra $5. For parties 8 and over they charge automatic 18% gratuity.Service: Service was nice and friendly, as expected, nothing spectacular.Food: Come for the food--there is almost limitless variety. My favorites include the shrimp cocktail, crab legs (use lemon from the shrimp cocktail area since there's no sauce), salmon and ahi poke, and the CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES. Basically, come for dinner (since out of my top four, only shrimp cocktail is available at lunch). I'm obsessed with the strawberries covered with milk/white chocolate swirl. The other dessert options are good too--anything with chocolate is basically a winner and the bananas foster are great. The fruit tart is meh. They also have a good pre-made salad section and basically any kind of meat you can think of: prime rib, lamb, quail, turkey, pork belly, etc. Also, the sashimi at dinner is fresh and delicious, only california rolls at lunch. This may be one of the pricier buffets in Vegas, but I think it definitely delivers.
4	The Buffet at the Bellagio is by far my favorite of all of the buffets I have visited in Las Vegas. The wait can be extremely long but I always feel it is worth it. The service is pretty good, some times better than others, but the food variety is beyond compare. Incredible selections from sushi to meats to even the breads! I know it seems silly to get bread at a buffet but it was PRETZEL BREAD!I would say the only food variety that was not as great was the Dessert selection, I think the Wynn buffet wins in that department. But for everything else, Bellagio is my favorite!
3	Gorgeous eggs benedict, not best service((
2	from all the reviews i've read and heard about, i was really underwhelmed by what i got.  the decor reminded me ann arbor's olive garden - nursing home like and homely.  compared to wicked buffet at the cosmo, this place did not look appetizing at all.the food selection wasn't awesome but it wasn't bad, i would say average buffet.  but this probably was because i went during lunch.. 20 bucks per person for lunch so it wasnt bad for the price...the one pro that i did appreciate was the speedy waiter service here.  they were more on top of things than wicked buffet.but when I go back to Vegas, i don't think i'd be visiting bellagio's buffet as first choice...
5	My friend was in town this past weekend and we decided to hit up the brunch buffet at the Bellagio on Sunday afternoon.  The only other buffet I've been to in Vegas is the one at the Rio and I would rate both the food and the service at the Bellagio significantly higher.  I know the Wynn buffet is supposed to be awesome as well, but I haven't experience that one yet.Wait:  We got there a little after 11:30 am and were seated by 12:45.  If you get there earlier, the wait would probably be shorter.Price: We paid $30 for the brunch buffet, plus $5 for unlimited champagne.  That sounds pricey at first glance, but in my opinion it was totally worth it for the quality of the food and the quantity we ended up eating.  Also, $5 for unlimited champagne in Vegas is as good of a deal as you're going to get.Service:  Very impressive for a buffet.  Water, coffee, and champagne were refilled promptly.  Our server did forget my friend's coffee request towards the end of the meal, but she eventually remembered and that was the only small issue.  I was pleasantly surprised with how attentive our server was.Food:  Very good for a buffet.  My friend and I came prepared and attacked the buffet with a plan.  We broke it down into breakfast, lunch, dinner, and dessert courses.  We were there for about 3 hours.  In retrospect this was pretty disgusting, but whatever.  I'm going to try to remember what I ate...Breakfast round:- Eggs benedict: Awesome.  The egg was perfectly cooked, and the hollandaise sauce was the perfect balance of buttery and lemon-y.- Bagel and lox: Always a good choice for brunch.  Their bagels weren't the freshest of bagels, but they were good.  The smoked salmon was lovely, and there were all the fixing you could ever want: tomatoes, red onion, capers, cream cheese.- Breakfast sausage:  A little dry, but tasty.Lunch round:- Chicken biryani: Very good.  Awesome flavor, although it could have been spicier.  Chicken was very tender.- Spicy tuna cones:  Delicious!  A must-try.  Kind of a deconstructed spicy tuna roll, with tuna, rice, cucumber, etc, wrapped in a sushi wrap, but in a cone instead of a roll (resulting in much more tuna fitting in a single serving).  So so good.Dinner round:- Lamb: Very flavorful and tender.  And they had an interesting mint jelly sauce that I loved, although I don't remember what was in it.- Spicy Thai beef:  I remember it being spicy, but that's really all I remember.Dessert round:- Bread pudding:  Incredible.  I may be biased because I love bread pudding and I haven't had it in so long, but this bread pudding was awesome.  Creamy texture, light flavor.- Mini Key Lime Tartes:  Also very good, although not the best key lime I've had.- Mini Chocolate Mousse Cakes:  Awesome. Super chocolately with a nice fluffy texture.I know I'm forgetting a significant amount of the food I tried, but these are the things that stuck out in my mind.Highly recommend!
3	Overall: 3.5Food: 3.5Service: 3Tip: Go right before lunch is over (lunch is over at 4pm, head there around 3:45pm) to get lunch pricing then wait for the food to switch over to dinner before gorging.  Lunch price is $10 cheaper on weekdays(Sun-Thur) and $17 cheaper on weekends(Fri-Sat) compared to dinner pricing.Food was good.  Kind of expected more but not a bad buffet.  Selection was good.Nothing really stood out as amazing but I enjoyed the following:-st. louis style ribs-prime rib-quail-baked sea bass-buffalo popcorn shrimpDesserts were ok.  Pretty stuffed at this point so that probably affected the enjoyment factor.  Seemed like pretty standard buffet items (creme brulee, flan, cheesecake, fruit tarts, etc.)Service was decent.  Waitress forgot to take our drink orders when we were seated but otherwise not a bad experience.Remember to wear stretchy pants, a bite or two of everything becomes a whole lot of food quickly.
4	Loved this buffet.  As a fish-eating vegetarian (ok, pescatarian) all-you-can-eat buffets are rarely a good deal, but I definitely got my money's worth at this one.   There were tons of interesting non-meat options; beyond an abundance of salads and pastas there were also less common-place grains, noodles, and well-prepared vegetables available.   Loved the unlimited sushi.   The desserts were plentiful and tasty.   I wish there hadn't been a 1 hour wait to get in (Monday night in March) but that was my only complaint.
3	I had 4 buffets during my weekend trip to Vegas and this was one of the better ones for lunch.  The line wasn't too bad at all (20min) and the price was good at $20 but we went at 1:00pm on a Monday.  I thought the salad and cold food selection was fantastic, my favorites were the seaweed salad and the lady making you personal spicy tuna hand rolls. The fruit selection was really fresh and they had strawberries the size of a baby's fist! I was less excited about the hot food but the ribs were good and the pizza was just average.Great dessert selection but nothing really called out to me so I just OD'ed on strawberries.
4	Honestly I only wanted to give it 3 stars. But, I know for a fact that Bellagio has the highest food cost of all the buffets, so I added another star for quality. For what you pay for a weekend dinner, there should be much larger selection. Yes there's prime rib, and various meats. Yes there's an area of just crab for all those people out there trying to earn money at buffets. Yes there's a small sushi area and a row dedicated to Asian food. But when you compare it to M or Wickedspoon... It pales. Especially the dessert section. This is a good buffet, don't think i don't appreciate it. And the service was very good and prompt as well. But if I had to choose where to take my family next time they visit, it's gotta be the M. Cheaper, bigger, equally delicious, and plus booze is included!
1	i had food poising twice!!!!!
3	It could because I came here two or three years back when the quality was a lot better, but I was a bit disappointed with their selection of desserts and the quality of their entrees. At the same time, it could be because we came here for Sunday dinner so the gourmet dinner option was not offered. Honestly, remembering back they had a lot more food. This time around, there were no macaroons, tortes or mousse. And the creme brule was extremely watery in consistency. insert sad face.I thought what stood out were the rack of lambs, kobe beef, sea bass king crab legs, white chocolate nutella cone, strawberry cheesecake, and banana foster bread pudding. Everything else began to taste the same when we were 30 minutes into the buffet. A lot of people were in line for salmon and maguro poke but I stayed away from the raw seafood because it was a buffet after all. Upon leaving, my impressions of the Bellagio buffet had decreased and my stomach was unsatisfied. I would recommend trying the newer buffets if you're ever in town, like the Wynn, Wicked Spoon (Cosmopolitan--which may temporarily become the next "it" hotel) and if you're a real carnivore--Texas de Brazil would be more satisfactory.
3	I came in expecting the best........ totally sobered up and ready to eat but sadly, I was disappointed.Crab legs were a touch on the salty side... and i they wont steam it for you either (big ups to the aria).  No butter either.  Sushi selection was weak..... Desserts looked good but failed with the exception of the bread pudding, bananas foster, and nutella cone.  Flan was terrible! Not airy at all, I felt like I was eating an egg.The prime rib was excellent.  I could tell that it was prime as you could literally see the marbling of mouth watering medium rare.  Lamb was well cooked, but lacked flavor.  Top sirloin kobe beef was well-done and really wasn't what I expected for kobe beef.  Meh.  Wishing I went to the Wynn.Also, service is cold and mediocre.
4	Expensive but worth it. So glad I tried the infamous Bellagio buffet while in Vegas. They have steak tartar, crab legs, endless veggie options & tons of deliciousness for a reasonable Vegas-buffet price!!
3	The food is Ok. My friend told me it was amazing. I still didn't go in with high hopes. They were super busy, but we got in quickly because there was room at the bar. Everything I tried was very salty. So you fill on water. The sushi was a do not eat. Try at your own risk. Dessert was ok some of the cakes were too sweet. The exotic cake tasted best. overall it doesn't like up to the hype people give it. If this is the best around , that doesn't say much for all the other buffets.
4	Tasty.  High quality.  Great service.  Boo ya.Don't miss out - even though I don't like crab which seems to be the reason most of my friends want to eat there I go anyways because of their RED MEAT.Yup - beef, duck, veal, and my non red meats like chicken and pork are great there.  Usually you can get a prime rib or some other premium cut at the central station.  Look for the dude wearing the ridiculous chef whites (to cut meat?) and carrying the enormous knives.Have to say the bread is better at the Wynn but who goes to a buffet for the bread.  Desserts are excellent too.  This is one of the top buffets in Vegas.
5	So good! I can't believe it took me so long to try this buffet!Almost everything was delicious! From the salads, soups, meat, side dishes, to the desserts. Amazing! I could've sat there all day eating. What I thought was most unique food they have was the quail and pesto mash potatoes! The quail was a little dry though. They have kobe beef, vietnamese spring rolls, and a variety of sushi rolls here as well. The desserts are amazing!Definitely coming back!
4	OMG I think I had like 10 foodgasms while eating here.**WARNING: ALASKAN KING CRAB LEGS SERVED ONLY ON WEEKENDS!**Fortunately, I went on a weekend :DThere was a long line that seemed to have no ending. However the wait was only about 35mins in total. And I was willing to wait for crab legs! It went by pretty darn quick. After I was seated, I rushed towards the buffet. I didn't know where to start. So I just went for whatever I came upon first. ALASKAN CRAB LEGS! They are conveniently cut open in half so you wouldn't have to go through the pain of cracking them open yourself. Dipped in butter with a bit of lemon.. omg.. heaven. MEATS:-beef-pork-chicken-quail-ducketc.DESSERTS:They have a HUGEE variety of desserts. anywhere from flan to froyo. They also have kobe beef. I got it but I didn't eat it for fear that I'd die from e.coli.. the slice of meat was bleeding on my plate. It didn't seemed cooked at all..SUSHI:They also have sushi! hand rolls, rolls, sashimi, etc. Their spicy tuna hand rolls are amazing. I wish I could have taken some home with me... SEAFOOD: -sushi-crab-shrimp cocktail-fishSERVICE:My waitress was very kind and she took all my used plates away immediately. She provided me with a yellow cloth whenever I asked for one. My drink was always filled to the top. PRICE:$40.If you crave it, they've got it!
4	Mass quantiles are the name of the game when it comes to buffets often at the cost of quality, however this is not the case here.My friend and I were making a less than sober stagger across the strip when we saw signs for this buffet, and it sounded great. At about $38 with tax it is not cheap.to me, a person who does not eat meat often buffet's seem like a rip off, but here I felt like I was the bandit.There is a sushi area, it has your usual rolls, nigiri hand rolls etc. The real star here is the Poke, sliced raw fish tossed with soy sauce, scallions sesame seed oil and spices. usually poke of this quality is a $12 app for a martini glass sized bite. I opted for a full dinner plate of this great plate of raw fish.Once I cleaned out the sea of all of it's treasures I explored the rest of the buffet. Artisan cheese plate, bok choy, quinoa, and many other gourmet items could be found.My friend really enjoyed the kobe beef, it may have been a function of his BAC.The dessert section also has many tasting sized bites great for allowing the maximum amount of flavors to be had.
4	Kobe sirloin, prime rib, salmon, sea bass, bluenose, swordfish, crab legs... quite an assortment of proteins, but the dessert bar can't compare to the Wynn buffet.
2	Can someone please explain to me why there is a line of 25 people deep at the breakfast buffet and only one (slow ass) person there to seat people. It's not like it was super early in the morning (like 4 AM), it was 8 AM - AKA prime breakfast time. There should have been 2 or 3 employees seating people. The amount of time we waited to be seated was longer than the amount of time we spent eating our breakfast (which was totally not worth the $18 charge). Not to mention it was a huge challenge to get a waitress to bring us water, orange juice, or anything else we may have needed. This experience just reaffirmed why I hate buffets.
4	I've been here twice, both for lunch at a good $20ish. Both times were enjoyable. Atmosphere: Pretty Spacious. From almost anywhere you sit you don't have to walk too far to the food, which is pretty cool. Only three bathrooms inside though - boo.FOODGood Stuff:-Rotisserie Chicken is moist-Pizzas are yummy and had gourmet-like flavors (shrimp pesto!)-Pastas were flavorful and fresh-SPICY TUNA HANDROLL IS SPICY (Beware: Your mouth will catch fire)-Turkey slider burgers. -Bread! All types of Bread!More on the "meh" side:-Roast Beef was dry- Regular sushi rolls are just decent, seaweed salad is salty-Desserts are average - there is nothing spectacular about them (although most of them are pretty)-Service, as far as beverages and such, might take a while during busy hoursOne last note: GO EARLY. If you want to eat at 5, go at 4. Line gets pretty busy. If you want to go for lunch try to go closer during opening time.Overall: It's one of the better buffets in Vegas out there.
5	Great buffet! One of the best in Vegas. Huge selection of foods for lunch ( about $22) and dinner ( about $ 40) We walked out having gained almost 10 lbs. My ultimate favorite was dessert. Various cakes and sweets were available. From carrot cake to bananas foster. If you love red meat make sure to come for dinner. Endless prime rib, lamb, Kobe beef etc. Sushi selections were numerous. Would definitely eat here again.
3	I rate this place 3 stars because it didn't leave an impression on me.There was kobe beef, so the good part is that you could get unlimited amounts of it, which my friends all did to make their 40-50 bucks per person worth it. hahaThere was soup, thank goodness. I don't remember seeing/eating icecream...well anyways, if I had to compare this buffet with the aria buffet, I'd eat at Arias ANYDAY!
3	At $40 per person, I was hoping for more from Bellagio's buffet.After waiting nearly an hour to be seated, we were finally brought to a small table right near the sushi buffet.  The selection of food is enormous, and you'd be hard-pressed not to find something to enjoy.  Highlights for me were just watching people load up on the crab legs and shrimp cocktail (the "smart" buffet diners).  I'm talking PILES of the stuff.It was impossible to try everything, but I was able to get a good sampling of the various cuisines.  Nothing really stood out.  The sushi was nothing to write home about, but I guess that's no surprise seeing as it's a buffet.  There were some decent pasta dishes (my weakness), and a nice selection of meats, including lamb and prime rib.  You can basically find everything here, which translates to everything just being average.Our server was quite friendly though, and he kept the drinks filled and the table cleared.Though buffets can be fun eating, I just can't justify the $40 price tag here.
2	I really want to give it more than 2 stars but I just don't believe it lived up to its potential. Or maybe it didn't live up to it's hype/reviews/rating... paid $24 per person and got seated after about an hour wait in that frigid line.We were happy and super excited to finally feast, yet the food selection was mediocre. The sushi was bland and disgusting. The turkey was dry... everything was extremely disappointing and never went back for seconds of anything :(
5	Man this place is crazy good. Hella worth the 1hr wait too! Wide selections, prime rib was great and the lamb was good too. I liked sushi section because they has really good ahi poke. Fsure on top of my buffet list.
5	FABULOUS!  What a tremendous selection - - the shrimp were absolutely heavenly.  As were the desserts.  And the sushi, and the pesto mashed potatoes, and the asparagus, OMG, and everything else.
4	There are many Sunday brunch buffets to choose from while in Vegas and trust me I have been to quite a few. The buffet at the Bellagio is my absolute fav and gets a big gold star! It's difficult to prepare food in mass quantity that still tastes like it was made with love. On my first round I had a made to order veggie omelet, potatoes, Belgian waffles and the second round I had sushi, pesto mashed potatoes,  a few different salads , asparagus and bread! The tea was even great! Make sure you have one of the fresh baked muffins, they are nice and fluffy. On top of the good food, the atmosphere and staff are great!  The price is comparable to most Vegas buffet's. The only downside is the looong  line to get in, so go early.
5	some of the best pizza I've ever had came from a buffet.....i couldn't believe it either lol
5	I don't know who is paying $40 a person, who had dry turkey, or whatever, but I just went there less than a week ago and I paid $20ish for my lunch and it was AMAZING! They had everything from terriyaki flank steak (sooo tender!) to pesto mashed potatoes, to sweet potatoes with some kind of fruit juice (pineapple juice maybe? very creative and unique! and yummy!!) to pesto mozzarella balls with walnuts and cranberries... there was sushi, crab legs, fresh chilled shrimp, mushroom ravioli with truffle cream sauce... it was amazing.  The cheesecake was the best cheesecake I've ever had.  They had a crunchy coffee tiramisu dessert thing that was phenomenal.  It was all wonderful.  The coffee, even, was delicious.  I was very, very happy with my experience there and will DEFINITELY be going back on my next visit to Vegas.  I loved it!  Oh, I probably wouldn't go there for brunch on Sunday because it is $40 or $50 bucks and I think one of the reasons I'm so happy about my experience is because the food was incredible and $20! Which is pretty close in rate to the other buffets in town (some of which should be ashamed of themselves!).
4	Not that I'm an expert on Las Vegas buffet places but the 2 times I have come to Vegas, I've gone to this buffet for brunch and have loved every second of it. They have a great assortment of breakfast and lunch options such as smoked salmon and trout, scallop ceviche, shrimp coctail, breads, fresh fruit salads, pancakes, eggs, french toast. Anything you can imagine for brunch is there for the mere price tag of $26 (or something like that). They even have a prime rib station. And the roasted potatoes were silky and perfect. I always stock up on the smoked salmon and shrimps and probably get my money's worth there since I'm not much of a buffet eater. I will say that the dessert options were lacking. But the Bellagio buffet is where you eat way too much after having have drank way too much. But, hey, you're in Vegas!
5	I'd say this buffet would be on one of my top 10's. Everything i tried was really good! Lets start with sea food civiche(good), lobster raviolli(good), sea bass(Mmmmm! Good), kobe beef(good), prime rib(good), seafood tartar(good) & desserts(lots to choose from)! I wanted to eat more.  All together, i'd say it was really worth eating here when you come to vegas. Gourmet food all around that you end up skipping the chinese food.
5	Absolutely the best buffet in Las Vegas. Yes, better then Wynn. IMO at least. Arrived on a Saturday around 12PM, the wait was about 30 minutes from the end of the line to the time we were seated. All the food items were seasoned perfectly. I feasted on pizza, sushi, pasta, bacon, and cookies. I was craving a potato dish, but didn't find one to my liking. The lines were a bit long for the omelet station, I didn't want to wait. Well let me rephrase, I was waiting and the women in front, a older-older woman was having difficulty selecting her ingredients (perhaps because of her eyesight) so a nice patron was telling her what the ingredients were and it was still hard for her to listen. I left shortly after that :/ I hope she enjoyed her omelet!Will I be back? Hell yes! I love getting my grub on!P.s. I didn't eat again till 8:30 PM that night, and it was spinach and fish balls. Well worth the $25!
5	Oh, look at this, Oh wow look at that, Where do I start. Do I start at the delicious soups, miso, egg drop, chicken noodle,tomato basil,corn chowder,clam chowder. or maybe the salads, Oh wait, look, marinated olives, cheese balls in a basil pesto sauce, pasta salads. Man, look at the size of those shrimps. wherever you start at this buffet, you will not be able to end because of the many selections and gourmet entrees. Food that will satisfy and tempt your taste buds. Did I mention the sushi selections? There might be better buffets in lost wages but I have yet to find one any better than The Buffet at Bellagios.
2	After hearing so much hype about this buffet, I expected it to be amazing but I was very disappointed with my meal and service. This is even with the fact that I didn't have to wait in line because my aunt waited for us! I feel like the food was not worth $35 for dinner, with the steak being plain, mediocre sushi, and very limited options. I had a custom chicken and vegetable crepe after trying out the steak and sushi and it was pretty gross. I thought it was going to be like a pot pie but it was just disgusting. After all this, I was hoping dessert would redeem the poor quality of entrees but there were few choices and none of them were very good. The place is almost worse than a college cafeteria. Also, my server was from some random foreign country and it took forever to get the drinks that I ordered and remove the plates off my table. This place is not what its hyped up to be for dinner, I'm hoping that Wynn will be better when I visit for my 21st!
5	Top notch buffet.  Fairly expensive but not much more so that other less deserving offerings.  The breakfast buffet could hardly be improved upon, but go only weekdays.  On weekends and holidays, it is a brunch and considerably more expensive.  The dinner buffet is good anytime, but is very very good on weekends and holidays, when it is $37 ($30 weekdays), but has a dozen additional premium offerings, such as grilled quail, beef wellington, Chinese style ribs, lobster ravioli, etc.  On special holidays, it even gets better (Christmas goose, for example).  Lines are very long on holidays and sometimes on weekends -- I've seen 3+ hour waits.  If you are a casino guest, you get a line pass, but otherwise try off hours (early for breakfast or dinner is best).
5	I would have to say this is by far the best buffet in Las Vegas. The food is all gourmet. The wait can be a bit long at times would be the only downfall.
3	This buffet is good but not excellent, I know of quite a few that are better but it is in the middle of the pack. Seating is cramped and takes awhile to get drink refils. The deserts were good and food was solid. But, I think it should be spectacular for a place that strives to be yet, it is happy being mediocre and not work long wait.
1	We decided to hit this place up after doing reaserch on da web and this was rated one of the top 10 buffets in Vegas. I didnt care about the price because we were there in Vegas to celebrate my 30th Birthday. So we went to dinner like around 7 or so and we waiting in this big long line which moved pretty quick. So we get seated and we go food hunting lol. I hit up the sushi rolls section got a plate full but It was not the freshest let me tell you. It would fall apart just by picking it up and the rice didnt seem to good either. So BOOO for the sushi rolls. I go back and hit up the meat section. I got prime rib, quail, Kobe and some sides that I cant even think of being that this review im just writting is when I went last year. The Kobe was not as good as it should be. NASTY as meat. The Prime rib was also NASTY. The only thing good was probably the quail. Oh and the desserts were just alright. Paying like 80 dollas for dinner I expected wayyyyyy better quality food. Im sure there are cheaper and more better quality buffets out in Vegas. I soooooo dont recommend this place because after I ate and we were walking back to our hotel in the Aria hotel halway I was holding my yack in and as soon as I opened my room door  and I YACKED all the food I ate. GROSS
4	There was so much food. I ate so full I couldn't even walk. The line was pretty long when we got there. It was near 2 hours until they would close, but there were still a lot of food. It was soo good. The desserts were so nice to even eat. There was so much choice in desserts too.
5	This one is my FAVORITE Vegas buffet! I've been twice now and I am always stunned by how much I MUST put down. It is delicious and I would feel cheated if I didn't try a bit of everything and then go back for seconds and thirds of my favorites! Huge variety, high quality, LOVE that the crab legs are already cut in half for you so you just have to fork it out, great ambiance... very classy. I am proud to say I made the walk of shame out the door when I was done.
3	There was a lot of hype about this spot, I'm not saying I wasn't satisfied but I'm not saying I was as impressed as I thought I would be after all the hype.Like any other buffet, there are a lot of options and there was a long wait. The difference between this buffet and the majority of the buffets on the Vegas strip is that this one had lots of seafood options - which I prefer because I don't eat a lot of meat and if I could, I would only eat fish. Also, we had a Pescatarian in our group, so it was much easier than usual for her to find yummy food to eat. =] The one thing I really enjoyed here was the desserts! They were made so beautifully and tasted like heaven!The service and staff here was on point, not once during my meal was my drink anywhere empty nor was our table crowded of dirty dishes. [needless to say, our group left a good tip ;]The price wasn't bad, especially since I ate lots of salmon poki & sushi; definitely ate my worth ;]When I go to Vegas again, I'll be eating here for dinner again since theres lots of seafood options and I'm not a steak and eggs kinda person.
3	We decided to pick Bellagio buffet because of the Yelp review, however, after trying it, we weren't impressed. We were there early for dinner to avoid the line, however, we still waited for 20 minutes. I was told it could've been worse.  There was a large selection of food, but very few ones really stood out. We liked the steamed mussels with the spicy sauce, the salmon sashimi, and some small side dishes. I was especially disappointed at the crab legs, they weren't as fresh and they were quite small. It was a let-down to me. The dessert were mediocre as well. I didn't try the meat dishes, since I am not a fan of poultry dishes. The interior was a bit old and crappy. It was certainly not the modern and classy design we would hope for. The price was alright. The service was quite slow. The wine was okay, though. Overall, we were not impressed with the food and service there.
4	Came here to celebrate my last night at Vegas.As an FYI, the price for the dinner buffet is $29.95 from Sunday-Thursday and their gourmet buffet (Fridays and Saturdays) is $36.95.Another FYI- all non-alcoholic beverages are included in the price but alcoholic drinks are notWhen we got to the line and saw how the line snaked around, I was nervous and pissed off because I thought I'd have to wait; (I'm the impatient type you see pacing around when waiting to be seated ;) however, the line was moving and very efficient and we were seated down in about 20 minutes.When I saw the buffet in this place, it seemed neverending; I counted about 9-10 different stations, all separated by ethnicity or types of food. Since I went on a Friday, I paid for the gourmet buffet, which includes Beef Wellington (I think that's why the price difference)The beef wellington was amazing; very tender and juicy along with everything else. As I ate, I saw a person in the next table of me sitting down with a pile (and I mean a pile) of stone crabs and just watching him devour it was amazing.The service was good, not outstanding, but again, you don't come here for the service, just the food :)
2	I'm going to come out and say it, the buffet isn't all that. It's certainly not worth it. At least not these days. Maybe back when it was new and all that, but like fish sitting out, the moment it gets old it's not worth eating and should be tossed out. So it's really confusing as to why there's so many people lining up to this thing daily. And while I'm a huge fan of seafood, especially when you have it in Vegas where they ship in thousands upon thousands of tons of fresh fish daily, you would expect to actually find something good here. What you end up with is just over hyped buffet food that isn't worth the lines you're waiting in, nor the coin you're dropping to get in. Maybe it's just that I'm over the buffet scene. The younger me would have been all over this. In fact, I was. Back in my early 20's I would come here a lot when I came to Vegas and stuff myself with all this seafood and feel incredibility sick for the rest of the day. But in the many years since I've come to realize that while I'm paying for quantity, the quality sure has suffered. And really, for the amount you're paying to get in here, you're just losing yourself in the moment of trying to make the plates add up to the amount. You're better off just going to a nice sit down restaurant that is highly rated and has a specialty you like and enjoy the meal without feeling like you're in the rush to make your dollar count. You'll certainly bypass the awful lines to get in, as well as not deal with every tourist who was told they had to come to the Bellagio Buffet.
4	next best thing to the Wynn. Only downsides were the fruit was not that sweet and the crab legs were just nasty. Loved everything else especially the creme brulee. tip go for a late lunch and stay for the dinner. tip your waiter well also.
1	I was definitely shocked by the quality of food at this caliber of a hotel. We ate here for dinner and arrived at 9pm on Easter Sunday. The place was packed and service was incredibly good.The food however was terrible. I kept going back for different items, hoping for something quality. All I found were the lambs chops.The fish was very dry, the salads had soggy lettuce, the side items were all very weak.  I'm upset that the wicked spoon was closed early for Easter Sunday, because this bellagio buffet really just seems aged, tired and ready for retirement.
5	This is the grand daddy of them all.  I love this place.  Beef wellington in a buffet selection??!  Gordon Ramsey is probably mad about that but oh well...Food here was ridiculous!  AMAZING.  Hot/cold entrees were awesome, and the dessert selection was top notch.  They even had a cheese spread (no pun intended).  If you are planning to come here make sure  you really make room because you will regret paying over $30 and not try everything this place has to offer!  Happy eating :)
5	If you are on a diet or are ready to totally pig out , this is the place to go! My husband and I make it a point to eat here on every visit to Vegas. There is an amazing selection of food, from salad to pasta to wild boar ribs to their amazing desserts. I love the selection of cheeses, breads, soups, salads and dressings. There is always something that I have never tried before and I have yet to eat something from this buffet that I didn't like. I'm not big on sushi, but I have to admit the sushi here is incredible. I love their pesto mashed potatoes. The chocolate desserts are heavenly. It's a clean buffet and the food does not run low. Their Sunday champagne brunch is the best I've ever had. It's a bit pricey but very much worth it.
4	Yes, I will take one bite out of four different dessert cakes and finish only one of them. Chocolate, Strawberry, and Peanut Butter you all fail and fall when Key Lime muscles you up.
5	THE BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS... HANDS DOWN!!!!For $29.95 per person, it's a complete WIN! No, not WYNN... but WIN!!!!!!!!!! Even on a weeknight, there's a line for dinner. This place NEVER seizes to amaze me. I could eat here everyday and I'd still never be bored or sick of the food. Here, you have BOTH QUALITY AND QUANTITY! The best of the best! I mean, they were featured on the Travel Channel for being one of the BEST BUFFETS in the WORLD! OMG! If you're planning on coming here, be prepared to stand in line. For dinner, it's usually at least 45 min depending how early/late you eat dinner. Even from the line, you could smell the aroma of all the yummy foods! My boyfriend and I ate here recently and we were there for a good 2 hours... AT LEAST!!! Yup, we were eating THE WHOLE TIME! First, we started with the crab. Here, they have BOTH snow and KING Crab. The snow crab is located on the left side of the buffet, near the sushi island. The king crab is on the other side of the buffet, where the salad and fruits are. What's great about this place is that they'll reheat/resteam the crab for you if you'd like. All you have to do is stand in front of the area where you order a seafood crepe and ask them to reheat it for you. They'll boil some water, put your plate of crab legs in, and give you a nice HOT plate of crab legs. That's the BEST! Sushi, here, is good! They have sashimi and nigiri and the yummy seaweed salad. This buffet also has different kinds of cooked fish like salmon, sea bass, etc. There's an asian selection of foods included pork steamed buns, thai inspired pan fried noodles, fried rice, chinese broccoli with garlic, and other stuff. They have a variety of soups like corn chowder, chicken noodle soup, miso soup, chili, etc. They have a salad, bread, fruit section. They also have a gourmet pizza section. OMG! I absolutely LOVE their pesto and shrimp pizza. IT'S DELISH! Their margherita pizza's good, too! They also have the section devoted for the carnivores! Prime rib, lamb, chicken, and turkey are always waiting on the cutting boards with their juices oozing out. Their mashed potatoes are yummy. They have sauteed mushrooms, pastas (like ravioli, spaghetti, tortellini), and cocktail shrimp. The dessert area is awesome. They have bread pudding, bananas foster, sorbet, ice cream, creme brulee, tiramisu, cheesecake, carrot cake, flan, and so on and so forth. All in all, this is where I think you get your money's worth for a buffet. The staff are always super friendly and the atmosphere is just so relaxing. The decor is pretty, and the food is always fresh!
3	I was wondering what all the hype was about this place, so I decided to give it a shot. For $30 a head, it better be worth the meal. We waited about 5-10 minutes, as we arrived at around 9:00pm.Admittedly, it was better than Todai, but that doesn't mean anything really...considering Todai is catering more towards the Asian style.The orange juice, out of the buffets I've been to, was the best. However, I am still overall disappointed with American orange juice, it has that bitter taste I don't like.The food itself, however, was average. Average does not cut it for a place that's $30 a head. The crab legs ranged from delicious (sweet) to disgusting (unbearably sour), depending on luck I assume. The Manhattan Clam Chowder felt more like Manhattan Chicken Chowder; I couldn't taste any resemblance of clams in the soup.
5	The trick to Vegas buffets is to go mid-day and make it your only major meal for the day.  (Eat something small around noon.)At $20 for lunch, the Bellagio buffet is a steal.  Much more reasonable than the Wynn's $40.  I ate:-Pesto mashed potatoes-mussels-Heirloom tomatoes and mozerella salad-shanghai-style noodles-vietnamese spring roll -spicy tuna hand roll-miso soup -udon salad -smoked salmon -amazing spinach salad -shrimp cocktail-mushrooms -pasta-ravioli-corn-polenta -sweet potatoes- caramel flan -chocolate cake The variety was pretty good.  They didn't have Indian food, which the Wynn had, but everything tasted great.  The vegetarian options were excellent.  What a great deal AND meal!
5	Compared to any other buffet I've been too, this one is at the top.  We went on a Thursday so it was $29 a person.    What a deal!  I had about $50 worth of Alaskan King Crab Legs!  All pre-cut and all fresh.  It was great.  The sushi was terrific.  The service good.  etc.  I would definately recommend.
3	This place is decent compared to all of the other buffets I've been to in Vegas.  I would def recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a good buffet to go to.  I still have yet to have visited a buffet that I could rate as 4-5 stars.  I can't remember all that I ate during my last trip but here is a list of some of the things I had.Rack of Lamb (4)Kobe Beef (4)Shrimp (2)Crab Legs (2)Prime Rib (4)Mash Potatoes (4)Mac & Cheese (3)Sushi (3)Ahi (3)Creme Brulee (4)Cheesecake (3)
4	The Buffet at Bellagio is quite the attraction. And for good reason. It is one of the best in Vegas. I would not call it tops, but it is up there. As is the case for anything that is good, there was a long wait. But the lines move quickly and the turnover time seems to be reasonable.I tried out the breakfast buffet which is a good deal for $15.95. A lot to choose from here. This include your typical bakery favorites like muffins and croissants, alongside sweet dessert items, fruit, oatmeal and cereals for those with a lighter appetite. For those of you with a bigger one, there is a lot to choose from here. They had your typical breakfast favorites like sausages (regular and chorizo), bacon, eggs, waffles and pancakes. But they do also have extra things like an omelet bar. They even had a Chinese selection for those preferring more ethnic cuisine. Also nice was the selection of breakfast pizzas offered. I thoroughly enjoyed each item I tried here.If you are in no rush to get up, I would suggest hitting up this buffet a little later, say around 10 am. This way, you will be able to enjoy breakfast and also try some of the things on the lunch menu! I left completely full and satisfied, so much so that I skipped lunch altogether. Wonderful buffet. It is a shame that the good buffets that I have tried are only to be found in Vegas. Oh well, better for my waistline.
4	Pretty reasonable$23 for Brunch/Lunch on MondaysPretty good selections--probly everything you can think of, but no fancy oysters, crabs, toros, etc...
5	Amazing buffet. I can think of only one other five star buffet (Boma at DisneyWorld), but this one easily earns its five stars. Go at the cusp between meals (like 10ish between breakfast or 4ish between lunch and dinner) and you can sample more things. If you have the room. The food quality here is top notch. Several good sushi options, great pasta dishes like mushroom ravioli, kobe beef tenderloin, prime rib, squab, great gravies, and all kinds of other stuff. From the simple cheese and fruit to the well-crafted fancy desserts, this place does it right. This is a must visit when in Vegas.
5	OMG, awesome buffet! So many choices of dessert!! I love the grits and the mashed sweet potato. The line wasn't long because I got there around 4ish. The price you pay does pay off, so go hungry, chill and digest. They have a sushi area, salad area, italian, chinese, dessert. Many choices to choose from and they have a bunch of variety of fish dish. The salad area has a lot of fresh veggies and fruits, which is a PLUS. The place is a bit hidden, or maybe I just had a hard time finding, but once 5pm or 6pm comes round, you'll see a long line.
5	We saw Bellagio buffet on a food show special and it became the catalyst for our trip to Vegas.  My husband grew up in Japan and was very excited to find some native dishes on the buffet.  Several things he tasted he said were the best he's ever had.  There's something to please everyone. Everyone was raving about the mushroom ravioli.  I really enjoyed all the pastas and was happy with the dessert selection.  My only complaint is that our server couldn't be bothered to bring us any drink refills.
4	Wow! So pleasantly surprised. It felt like a glimpse of heaven when we first saw all the food! Personally, I don't think you will find a dinner buffet much better than this one on the strip. Especially in comparison to the Wynn, which has gone totally downhill over the past year. The Bellagio buffet has Alaskan King Crab legs. And if they weren't so cold and skinny,  I would've gladly given this buffet 5 stars. However, they had Chilean sea bass which melted in my mouth. They also had a sushi bar with Poki bowls, rolls and sashimi. Not to mention, the dessert bar was pretty delicious.  Overall, my friends and I were very pleased with this buffet. It had A TON of things to choose from and I am sad to say that our full stomachs would not permit us even touch half of the delicious variety they offered. Two things to definitely try  are their white chocolate with nutella filled cones and the Exotic Cake. To die for!!
4	If you are very hungry, try this buffet.  We were starving, just checked into the Hotel, and found this Buffet the answer to our stomach's prayers.We were seated at the Bar due to an opening, so did not have to wait for an hour.  The bar tender, Georgie was so fun, loved her job, and kept our glasses full.  The highlight for me was the bluenose fish with rice, and the shrimp sauteed with peppers, all in all delicious.  My husband, the carnivore, loved the beef wellington.  I was disappointed with the crab legs, too frozen.  I would recommend getting in line alittle early to beat the rush, or sit at the bar like we did.  Outstanding buffet!!
5	We went here for Sunday brunch and YUM! It was pricey but worth every penny. The service was great, the atmosphere was beautiful. What I liked best about the service is that we showed up dressed pretty casual and we were still treated really well.They had quite a few different stations and a lot of variety. Trust me on this Sunday Brunch... you won't be disappointed!
5	I came here in mid April with friends and I was extremely impressed with both the food as well as the service.  I had two challenges coming into this--I am a picky eater and I had given up bread and sweets for Lent. I was worried about having enough options since I usually don't care for buffets, but figured that if I had a mimosa at all times, everything would be okay.  This ended up being my favorite buffet of all time.  Laura, our server was AWESOME.  She was very friendly and made sure that our glasses were always topped off.  She filled my glass so many times that I started to suspect that she was trying to take advantage of me.Some of the highlights for me were the pesto mashed potatoes and the pineapple fried rice.  I had many other things that I can't think of at the moment that were also yummy.  I couldn't have the waffles, but my boyfriend and friends loved them.  I think the desserts were a mixed bag in speaking with my group.  There's always soft-serve if all else fails.I agree with everyone who said that this is MUCH BETTER than the Wynn.  The Wynn is very overrated and overpriced.  I was surprised that this buffet was as cheap as it is.  I would have gladly paid more.Will DEFINITELY return on my next visit to Vegas.
4	STRONG meat selection!! Probably the best buffet meat in Vegas...2 WORDS : BEEF WELLINGTON.   TRY it w/ the Hollandaise sauce.... I love the rich/creamy texture that sits over the crust of the meat.  YUM!!!When I go here w/ my wife we're looking at a $100(ish) dollar bill... so I always try to breakdown my meal.I go for the prime rib and beef wellington 3 times and I feel that I've gotten my money's worth!But wait there's more!!!! The dessert station is huge.  I love the key-lime pie, sometimes I'll experiment w/ the gelato and do some funky thing which always ends up delicious!I can't imagine eating anything other than buffet food while in Vegas, the Buffet at the Bellagio doesn't disappoint.I'd consider it very CLEAN... the look of the venue definitely has some class... I mean it's a buffet nevertheless, but a buffet w/ class is always a treat.Why can't we have these places in SoCAL?!! Man... really contemplating doing a one night stay for some food right now, damn you...
3	the bellagio buffet has been a favorite through all the new buffets.  i was never impressed with any other and i've been to wynn, paris, rio, etc. i actually wanted to try another buffet but our friends wanted to come here...and it was okay with me as long as it was bellagio.but i didn't know that they hike up the price for no reason easter weekend.  it was $44.95!!  OMG..  as if they don't already make enough money..  boo.the line wasn't too bad but it still took about 40 minutes.  (i got in line at 7:15pm)what i always eat at any buffet is the prime rib.  people who know me know that i LOVE my prime rib.  after i enter the buffet, i go straight to the carver and get two helpings.  before other people have come back from going through the entire buffet, i'm already done with that.  heheh..luckily, the prime rib was medium rare when i arrived.  the latter pieces were overcooked.  by the time they got more fresh meat, i was on dessert. the creamy horseradish is across from the meat station.  however, the real horseradish was located in a weird location inbetween the pasta and pizza.  yeah, i didn't get it.. kobe sirloin was tough and overdone.  they had quite a bit of lamb if you like it but i don't. i liked the mixed corn, mushrooms, etc in the salad bar area.  the fish was okay...seabass and swordfish.alaskan crab legs were okay too.  you can request that they steam the crab legs in hot water so that you can have it warm.worst thing was the pork.  they don't know how to cook pork at all.  how do you mess up baby back ribs?  they must be talented.  pork belly was tough too.  it's supposed to melt in your mouth not be like a rock.service was okay.  they bring out drinks and clear plates.  desserts were delicious.  they had bread pudding, peach panecotta, napoleon, raspberry chocolate mousse cake, big french macaroons, soft serve vanilla, brownies, apple pie, etc.. i think the quality of the food has deteriorated.  the desserts are still good.  that's about it.  i wish i tried the other buffet i was thinking of...  if i knew we were going to pay $45 per person, i would have pushed for it.  oh well..the $44.95 price tag was too much...even for a buffet.  oh yeah, there is no kids' price.  i asked cuz i was curious since i saw some people bring a good number of kids.  kids are full price unless they are under 3 years old.  but maybe they are high rollers and get free buffet coupons.  still vegas is not a great place to take kids...  HEL-LO... *sigh*
4	We were really pleased with the quality of food and service. We went to the Sunday Brunch. It'd 24.95 without champagne and 29.99 with. I got a shrimp omelet, prime rib, French toast and hazelnut French toast. Everything was really good. My boyfriend got the pork belly and that was excellent.
3	Okay, I think it's a tad overpriced for weekend brunch.  $24.95 plus an additional $5 if you want champagne with your food is a lot to spend on brunch.  I didn't think there would be a line, but the Bellagio buffet is popular so I shouldn't have been surprised.  I guess we waited about 10 minutes, which isn't too bad.  I thought there would be more food stations to choose from but there was a good selection of food.  I wasn't very hungry when we went for breakfast and I didn't know they only have brunch on Sunday's so I tried my best to get our money's worth.  I only ate some fruit, a piece of bagel and potatoes.    My husband enjoyed himself, he ate A LOT of food and had no complaints so it was worth it for him.  It was a little weird to see breakfast at one station and then Asian/Indian food at another, I would never think of combining chicken biryani with omelets, but people ate it.  All the food was fresh and flavorful.  I guess if I was more hungry I would have enjoyed the food more.
4	One of the best buffets I've been to in Las Vegas! I was there for a late lunch. Everything was fresh and top quality. Some favorites included the bbq ribs and gourmet pre-made salads. Starting at 4pm (for dinner), there are mountains of King crab and Snow crab which were good, (but a bit salty). Desert options include sugarfree cheesecake, which was creamy!
5	I think this would have to be my all time favorite buffet as of now. i don't care if i have to undo the button of my jeans while i'm eating..IT'S THAT GOOD..and it's cheap too (sun-thur is around 30 bucks, and 37 on fri-sat for dinner)i'll provide a more detailed review after my next visit --which will be coming up (YES!)things that i remember were awesome right off the top of my head:pesto tortellinisea bassmushrooms and asparagus ( yes, i actually don't know why but for some reason the mushrooms and asparagus were freaking good! i ate 4 plates of them)my sis said the beef tartare was great and the sushi selection was pretty fresh. i never got to the beef tartare though (boo) since they were always out every time i went up to get them
4	Excellent.  Very good variety for a fair price (about 40 bucks).  Everything was delicious including the desserts.  Cant beat it.  Your eyes are just so much bigger than your stomach that you wish you could eat more/longer without feeling sick.  Awesome buffet.  One of the best I've ever had.  Salmon sushi and crab legs were the highlight for me.4.5 stars
4	Oh my crab legs!  Pretty sure there is almost everything you can think of here.  Where do I begin!  Miso soup was slightly salty...there is tons of sushi everywhere and fresh veggie rolls.  The crabs legs are already cracked for you and there is a huge pile of crab and shrimp.  All the food is really good and there is a huge variety whether you are a steak lover or a vegetarian.  The dessert section is huge too!  The service there is great too.  Victor was our waiter and he was really attentive- always had a glass full of whatever we were drinking and plates were cleared right away.  He was also very friendly!  I'm pretty sure I ate 10+ pounds of food here and ruined whatever wedding diet I had going on, but it was totally worth it and I would definitely do it again.
2	Ehh...wasn't too impressed with this place.  If you're a real vegetarian, I wouldn't recommend this place -- I paid $37.77 (18% gratuity included) and basically only had the salad and some roasted potatoes.  Nottt worth it!
5	Everything was amazing. Not even 5 min after my husband and I got in line, the bartender called us over and let us sit at the bar bypassing the huge line that would have taken at least one hour.
4	My family and I went here on 5/4/11 which was a wednesday.  We went right at 330pm which is the best time to go before 4pm and pay the lunch price of $17.99 and be able to try thier lunch at dinner courses.  Dinner is $29.99  Unfortunately we didnt get to try lunch because we waited in line for 30 mins but thats the case at any buffet in Vegas.  When our turn was up and we were led to a table I looked around and I felt the place was a little tight in space.  The atmoshpere felt old and out dated and the lights were very dim as if it was meant to be romantic but i guess thats ok for some people.  The buffet line up did not move me off my feet like the Sutdio B buffet at the M Resort and Casino but none the less it held its own.  I was a little disappointed by the options because i had high expectations because of my fellow yelpers.  Dont get me wrong the Bellagio buffet is good just not as good as Studio B but it is conveniant for being on the strip.     The buffet is like a big letter "C' with the beverage bar and dessert station in the center of it all.  I dont know why but one side of the whole place was completely empty while everyone was jam packed on the other side.  Anyways, of course being a carnivore i started with the carving station which had prime rib (my all time favorite), roast of lamb, turkey breast and Kobe beef tri tip.  I know my steaks and the Kobe beef tri tip was really dry and i could tell it was Kobe beef because of the high fat content but for some reason is was very disappointing.  All these meats were accompanied by the usual sauses such as horseradish cream, au jus and gravy but thats all they were, usuals.  At the beginning of the buffet is the salad bar and i made it a mission to try and make me a plate of salad, but i failed lol.  Im a carnivore!  Next was the soup station but i didnt have any of that either and then the carving station followed by the seafood station.  I had some crab but it wasnt anything special and it was snow crab not the jumbo kind.  At the end of the line is a sushi station which had real sushi chefs( at least thats what they appered to be) making sushi.  The one thing i found funny was they had the vegetable sushi and crab sushi signs in the wrong places and i still managed to confuse myself.  Ha!  The sushi wasnt anything special either plus they didnt have anything set out when i walked up and there were like 10 people waiting.  I spotted the Ahi Poke and darted for it before anybody else realized it hahaha snooze you lose.     My family had a little bit of everything because that is what you do at a buffet.  If you fill up on one thing then your gonna leave the rest undiscovered and when you find out theres more you're too stuffed.  Everyday we were in Vegas, my 3 yr old always wanted to eat ice cream, shes a junk food junkie, so im sure her favorite was the dessert station.  I really liked the dessert station too and that is the one the Bellagio buffet has on the Studio B buffet.  The desserts were really good especially for buffet fare.  Would i go back? In a heart beat!
2	They might have been having an off day when I ate here but the prime rib and lamb chops were seriously undercooked and flavorless. The dessert station is not that great either - there is only soft-serve ice cream rather than gelato (like at M Resort, Aria, and Rio, for example) and none of the other desserts were anything special. I expect better given that this is one of the more expensive buffets in Vegas.
5	Awesome buffet, crab legs and chocolate eclairs are the tits.
5	Came here last week it was soo amazing!!! Go on gourmet night-friday Saturday for king crab and rack of Lamb it's worth it. What I like the most is the shrimp cocktail which is juicy and flavorful!!! Sooo good I ate a whole plate. ALL the foods served r high quality and something that you'd pay big bucks for if u ate it alone at a nice restaurant. I sat for two hours just eating and eating.The dessert is also amazing they have good huge chocolate dipped strawberries and creamy cheesecake. Our server was a sweet man who went out of his way to make us feel comfortable. We noticed some tables left only two dollar tips...uh wtf u cheap asses. You're supposed to leave at least 15%. Even if it's a buffet the service is amazing so ppl should really not be cheap. It costs 37 to get in so obviously u can't be that poor if ure willing to spend that much on urself to not leave a decent tip. So rude!What I hate about buffets though is that ppl cut u in line and go all crazy!! Seriously this is a buffet and the food is going to keep coming. Calm down! I literally got man handled by an old lady while getting pasta wtfDone w the ranting but yes come here when ur in Vegas it's soooo good!
4	The best aspect of the weekend brunch was bottomless champ for $5. I did some calculations. A bottle of comparable champagne is about $2.99; you must drink approximately 1.5 bottles to break even, which would normally be no problem except doing so in a buffet would decrease eating efficiency.Another highlight of my experience was the shrimp pizza. The only negative experience was standing behind skinny people picking through the baskets of shrimp, who appeared to be choosing quality over quantity. Also, the total lack of oysters on the half shell. I never witnessed the desert buffet with my own eyes because I was immobilized after eating lots of pizzas and Prime Rib. I recovered by immediately passing out on my hotel bed.
5	My absolute favorite buffet in Las Vegas. I really like the variety of food options here from the two different types of crab legs, to prime rib, to mac n' cheese, there's something here for everyone. I also love the fact that they serve rack of lamb here as I adore lamb very much. At the heart of it all this is still a buffet; albeit an expensive one, but one of the better buffets that I can spend my money on. Service is really consistent and my drinks are refilled at a very quick pace. It's one of the larger buffets in Vegas, and one that is really clean. Bonus points to having bathrooms in the buffet.Overall, there isn't much more to say that hasn't been said already. I guess I'll say that if you have to pick a buffet, come here!!!
5	FAVE BUFFET PLACE EVAAAAAAAAAR! the line was worth the wait. brunch is AWESOME! friends and i got so full we napped the rest of the day haha. Great variety of meats and desserts. Drink glasses were always refilled and our group sat separately to avoid the gratuity % haha. Definitely worth your $$$
5	The best buffet I've been to ever! There was a long wait and even at $32 bucks a person for brunch, it was well worth it. There was crab and prime rib, and sushi, and all sorts of good foods. I'm not a big buffet person but all the food was hot and not dried out. The servers are attentive.  I suppose we'll always stop through the next time when you're in town.
3	Came here to eat brunch Mon 5/30/11;  I was expecting it to be around $17 but I was wrong. But I think they run special pricing due to memorial weekend. There are plenty of cold seafood... The usual crab legs, shrimps. Hot food : mediocre or bad Chinese food. They have porridge but the toppings are: pork sung, green onion, soy sauce. What kind of porridge is that????As for porridge I think Wynn's porridge was better. The Chinese food section only has hot n sour soup, won ton soup, pineapple fried rice, and some fish. The breakfast section is big.. Filled with the usual suspect cheese blitz, pancake, waffle, French toast, eggs, sausage etc.Carving has honey glazed pork belly again it's not as good as wynn's it's drier... If I'm to spend the same amount I suppose I'll go to Wynn's :)
3	had dinner on fri night   48  bucks it was ok but not great
5	In a word - AMAZING!  Simply the most delicious food I have ever eaten at a buffet.  I recommend anyone visiting Las Vegas to dedicate at least one day to a Bellagio buffet followed by Cirque De Soliel - O. You will not be disappointed!
3	This place used to be my favorite buffet in Vegas, but after visiting again this year (hadn't been since 2007) you can tell the quality has completely gone down the toilet.  I recommend going to the Wynn, their buffet is much better - like Bellagio used to be.
4	I like to go here during the breakfast/brunch hours. There is a lot of selection and two omelet stations. The salad and fruits also look fresh. The stations are neatly separated and organized and are wide enough for plenty of people to get through. Just prepare to wait in line if you are not a pearl+ mlife member; otherwise, little to NO line :)
5	So far, this is my favorite buffet in Las Vegas...it's consistently great.The menu items do change daily and also change for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  While they didn't have one of my favorite items this time (Chinese food - sweet and sour chicken), they did have a new item I hadn't had before - a Teriyaki Grilled Beef - amazingly good...the teriyaki wasn't actually too strong, it added just enough flavor to really make the beef flavor stand-out and the grilled flavor was perfect...it tasted like the summer!The best deal is to some here during the week since it's much less expensive and less crowded as well.
4	Finally got to try what Kobe beef taste like. It was so soft and chewy! Love the king crab and snow crab legs. I love how they already cut the legs in half for you, making eating the meat so much easier. Sushi - so much to choose from! You'll be distracted by the pretty presentation of the desserts. Service was very good.
2	I had been scouting out the yelp reviews of this buffet for a couple of months, waiting for the next time my friend came into town so we could try it.  We went on the weekend for dinner and payed $40each.I must say that it was a huge disappointment.  I used to be a fan of the Rio seafood buffet, but it has gone way down in quality over the years so I was really looking forward to getting some King Crab legs at the Bellagio, even though it is chilled and not steamed.  To my dismay, the crab was not good.  Both the King & Snow crab had no flavor and some of it actually smelled like it was bad.  But I am not basing my review on the dismal crab.I had read many posts about how good the Kobe beef, and the Beef Wellington were, and numerous other items that were great, and they just weren't all that good.  The "Kobe" beef tasted like dry roast beef.  The Beef Wellington was ok(never had it before), but it didn't knock my socks off.  The Lamb chops were a bit gamey, and I've had lots of Lamb.  One of the best things I've ever tasted was a  Lamb Chop on the Oregon Coast, and this wasnt' even close.The sushi smelled foul and I only could muster up the courage to try the tuna, which was about what I would expect at a low dollar buffet. The only high point was the Prime Rib and the very large & tasty Peel & Eat shrimp.  The Prime Rib was very good & the au jus was also really good.  The Prime Rib isn't as good as Lowry's Prime Rib, but it is top notch for Buffet Prime Rib.  I've had many disappointments with buffet Prime Rib, and the Bellagio isn't one of them.  There were also a couple of vegitable dishes & other sides that were good, but for the price, I expected way more.  The buffet at Green Valley Ranch is a third of the cost, and the quality of the food is much better.  Not as much selection of high end stuff, but when the crab, Kobe Beef, & Sushi all suck really bad, the point becomes moot.I gave it two stars because between the peel & eat shrimp & the good Prime Rib, I think I got my $$ worth.
4	Now this is a satisfying experience and should be able to please most people. They scam you a little bit though by not telling you upfront that the japanese and italian stations do not lay out their stuff until noon. We were there at 11am, as were many others and by noon we had already eaten at other stations and were reasonably full. But we loved the decor, most of the food that was available to us. When the sushi finally came up it was better than sushi I have eaten at other buffets..Hope that helps!
3	Mediocre. Was not worth the price!!!!!
4	Perhaps it was a case of it being the first buffet I can remember having in Vegas or perhaps it was just a good day, but the Bellagio Buffet was a trip well worth the wait and the price.  (To note, I had the Sunday brunch for $29.95 with unlimited champagne).After getting seated at a table and paying, you are greeted by a waiter that gives you drinks of all sorts.  Afterwards, the variety of food is wonderful.  From seafood to breakfast items to noodles to meat, nearly every item at the buffet seemed to have a great taste in mind behind it and was just a joy to eat.  The unlimited succulent shrimp was delicious and the bowtie noodles with fettuccine sauce and chicken were superb.  Add to that the banana hazelnut french toast and the great desserts (sugar-less cheescake was wonderful), I had a hard time leaving. Admittedly, the Asian cuisine was not up to par at all whether it was the oddly flavored shrimp spring rolls or the bland sushi and there was some other bland dishes, but the variety and the taste were great.  The line is long; for non-Bellagio residents, the Sunday Brunch wait for me was about an hour.  Bellagio guests had first priority.So yes, I am a Las Vegas newbie; but as an introduction to buffet life at Vegas, life seems pretty good.
5	One thing we always enjoy in Vegas was the buffet at the Bellagio.  This is the place to get the best buffet in town!!!  I never had any bad day with them.  I love enjoying the food and the selections that they have.
5	huge~!!!best buffet ever~!
4	Very very pricey but worth it especially when you know that 88 chefs made your breakfast/lunch. It's grand alright. Lots of desserts, some sushi, had turkey, steak, oatmeal, regular cereal, grits, soups, some chinese food, fried stuff. Kind of stuff you would see at a regular buffet just presented nicely. Loved their blueberry muffins, green mashed potatoes, and turkey. Everything else was just ok. Go for the experience... $27 for brunch where are you ever going to do that?
4	I don't remember everything I ate here. I'm terrible at writing reviews for buffets because all I do is pick whatever I like and eat it and if I don't like it, I just trash it. Well, I  do like this place because I actually did almost eat everything I picked. This is random but I'm a Mac and Cheese lover. This place has the best Mac and cheese. it was in a mini casserole dish and the breadcrumbs just topped it off. Brilliant. This buffet won my heart. Their desserts are pretty bomb too. I had too much of those. I ate a lot here, period. I wish I remembered exactly what i ate but I don't. I just know I came out here as a happy camper with food coma lol.I'd definitely come back again whenever I have the time to eat because I never have the time to eat in Vegas!I'm sorry for neglecting you but I will be returning this summer =D
5	I make excuses to come here.Birthday, anniversary,mother's day. I've only been three times due to price, which is another reason it's reserved for special occasions. It is however the best buffet I have ever been to.Best move:Gourmet night. Kobe beef sliders one night, venison sliders another night. Beef wellington is absolutely sinful, I went back twice. Nice variety of sushi and acompannying accessories. Fun with seafood-shrimp, crab legs, ceviche. Huge dessert bar.Icing on the cake:They served me after dinner coffee.Lord.Know how to win me over.On Saturday, I will be trying Wicked Spoon at Cosmo to see how it stacks up!Oh ya, and there's a full bar right when you walk in the seating area.
4	This buffet is one of my favorite place to go in Vegas. The food is great, I've not been disappointed. When I was here early this year, our original server was doing great, but she had to leave forwards the end of our meal. The server that took over for her was horrible! we always had to flag her down if we need a refill on our drinks or even to have her clear our plates. Give this place a try!
5	While staying in the hotel, I ate at the buffet twice.  Everything was excellent.  I particularly was fond of the prime rib.  The selection of pizza was also very good.  For an extra 5 bucks endless mimosas!! They also had a chocolate filled eclair that was to die for!
5	As far as buffets it is the best I've been too for the price.  Great selection! The quality isn't what it used to be but understandably so with the costs to do business increasing the past year!  We go every visit to Vegas!!
5	This place was made for fatties like me :) God knows why we decided to go here before XS, but I was trying reaaaally hard not to eat too much so I wouldn't look like a stuffed sausage at the club. Impossible. They have EVERYTHING and it all tastes marvelous. When I was first told that we would be paying $40 for a buffet, I was adamant about going somewhere else, but it was worth it. We waited on a long line to get in, and once we were in there, phew...at least my dress wasn't too tight. Besides tasting good, the food is presented beautifully. I like pretty food :) I'll definitely go back on my next Vegas trip.
5	Arrived for breakfast and was happy with what I saw however nothing was super excellent. The french toast was nothing special, the waffle was as hard as a rock, the pancake was ok. Luckily we arrived late enough that 1/2 way through the meal lunch was getting served and that food was awesome!I wish I had a bigger stomach for times like this, it was all very good and there were quite a few things that I was unable to try.
3	$24.99 for saturday brunch. The line was so long when we got to this buffet. The wait was probably 30+ minutes and it was crowded in the buffet area. They were serving lunch and breakfast, that's why I love BRUNCH!They had some meat: Lamb and Prime Rib which were delicious and well moist but the Prime Rib was too rare for me. I really love their esparagus and chicken noodle soup. They didn't have that much Asian food choices which was kinda disappointing. Decent number of choices pastries and deserts. They didn't have Raspberry Iced Tea!! really weird. I guess I had better expectations from this buffet but mostly got disappointed.
5	Ate here for lunch. Extensive offerings. Didn't eat anything that was less than above average. One of the few buffets I've had that I could classify as "under-priced" compared to other Strip options.
2	Waited 1 Hour. Went there at 10 for breakfast. Paid for Lunch. Food was ok Good selection.We prefer wicked Spoon & aria Furniture is old. Not Contemporary at all
5	Food is of great quality for a buffet and worth the money. Beef wellington on fridays and saturdays as part of their gourmet dinner buffet. One of the best on the strip. Went back and will be back. since its a surprise to so many crab legs are chilled on ice noopens @ 4. And the line gets long around 530 to 6
4	OMG.  The desserts!?!  Need I say anymore?Went here last time with my friends and we did the arrive/pay for lunch, eat the dinner.  I highly recommend doing this because you save $$$$$ when you each at odd times.  And honestly, if you're going to be out the night before, rolling out of bed at 1pm, getting dressed and walking over will set you at the perfect timing to eat here.Food itself, compared to the other buffets has a wider, much tastier selection.  I had come here a few years ago with my family, and we were so rushed that we didn't get to eat everything we wanted to.  This is one of those places you really need to take your time to eat...cuz there's so much TO eat!  The beef wellington, the kobe beef, the rabbit dish, the sushi selection, the lamb, the pork, the list continues until OMG THE DESSERTS!  Every one of them is perfectly portioned to eat just the smallest size you want and then toss the rest of it.  YUM.The place itself is kind of an older feeling because the place itself is a little older.  But the food makes up for it.  The conclusion: go for it, but make sure you're going at the RIGHT time.  Definitely one i will return to the next time I go again!
4	I honestly think this is still the best dinner buffet in Vegas. In terms of cost, variety, quality and presentation, you can't get any better. We paid $30 for a dinner buffet that had so much food that I couldn't even try everything. The items that I was able to try was delicious with the exception of 1 fish dish. It tasted a little rubbery and was probably cooked too long. Other than that, try the King Crab legs, pesto mashed potatoes, prime rib, creamed spinach, tuna sashimi with spicy sauce and their desserts.
4	Came here recently, this time for breakfast. Loved the bacon, but the eggs were abit runny. They had salmon and beef tenderloin and it was delicious. The price for breakfast is a great price, $15.99. Waffles were so-so, I wish they had the regular normal sized.
5	Another one of my favorite buffets!Can't go wrong with anything in Bellagio. I leave this place happy and satisfied every time.
5	Best buffet in Vegas in my opinion. If there is a long line sit at the bar usually there are seats available.
4	This was our first stop on my trip to Vegas. Of course the line was long and slow, but the food was actually worth the wait. They had this really nice mushroom ravioli that seemed to satisfy everyone in my group. They did faulted a little on the Kobe beef the night we went to eat, but their desserts out did themselves as we couldn't get enough. Sadly I took one star away for price of food compared to the type of food they served. It seems more of our expenses went to pay off the atmosphere more then the food. Overall its a good place, NOT the best in my opinion but id definitely come back for a light lunch or brunch.
5	Hands down the best buffet I have ever been to.I came to Vegas with two buddies who had never been. One insisted that we go to The Buffet at The Bellagio. I wasn't even all that hungry after snacking all day long, but we went anyway.We arrived at about 7:25 on a Wednesday night, and had to wait in line for 45 minutes. I don't like waiting that long for food, especially when there are so many other options around. But it was worth the wait. And the $32.After we'd been seated, we went to get some food. The table had a drink menu, which we ignored, but did order some Diet Coke. Apparently soda is included in the buffet price. My first plate included kobe beef, lamb, asparagus, chicken sope, chicken noodle soup, bread roll, pretzel roll, and sourdough bread. The lamb and beef were so-so, probably had been sitting out too long. But everything else was amazing. The asparagus was a little buttery and easy to chew. The chicken in the sope was tasty, the salsa spicy, the tortilla soft but not too soft.  Plate 2: beef sope, Thai spicy beef, fried noodles, pineapple fried rice, barbecue chicken pizza, more bread. The fried rice did not taste good, but again, everything else was amazing. The BBQ chicken pizza, in particular, was the best I've ever had.Plate 3: more Thai beef and noodles, more pizza, more bread, turkey with gravy, pork buns. The turkey was pretty average turkey, and the buns were getting a little hard. Dessert: I pretty much had no room left, but had to try the dessert anyway. Sadly, most of the chocolate desserts were gone. I had a square of cheesecake, some raspberry sorbet, chocolate ice cream, and watermelon. The cheesecake was that kind with two layers (in addition to the crust), which isn't my favorite, but was tasty, regardless. The sorbet was too sweet, but the chocolate ice cream was great.My stomach hurt as we left. But it was worth it. My friend told me that he can't wait for someone to get married so we can have a bachelor party in Vegas. Just to go to the buffet again.Also to note: you pay ahead of time and can include tip then. I'm typically against this, but go ahead. The servers are friendly and efficient. I suppose you could leave some cash on the table after you eat if you want as well.The buffet also has sushi, seafood, salad, and all kinds of other food that I either don't eat or didn't have room for.
3	Food was good, but nothing special. Nothing compares to the Mandalay Bay buffet though lol.
5	There is reason this is the most popular Sunday brunch in Vegas,   Do not let the long line intimidate you, it moves fast.
5	I came here Memorial Day Weekend 2011 with four of my friends. We were actually en route back to San Diego and wanted some food at In N Out but the line was so ridiculous we decided to trail back and eat at The Buffet at Bellagio. Best decision I have ever made.The line was a bit over two hours and we made it just in time to not have to pay the dinner price. The best part of the buffet must have been the desserts for me. Their wannabe Asian cuisine was not cutting it... but wait the fresh shrimp... I could have stayed here the rest of my life.Their kobe beef was on point and their duck and sweet bun ridiculous!!!Service was extremely fast, was going to tip our server a lot but she left for lunch :(
5	Mother of all Vegas Buffets!To make the most of your Vegas experience and somehow save some money during the day so you can obviously spend twice as much at night, the Buffet at the Bellagio is the answer. After you wake up with ample time to recover from your hangover, find your way to the line here and get here at 3PM. You'll get in about 30 minutes while they're still serving lunch. Grab a small plate to sample anything from the lunch entrees that look unique. This is your appetizer. Now, wait until 4PM for them to put out the crab legs, seafood, and dinner entrees. Your first and last meal of the day is now ready. With this strategy, you just got to taste the lunch AND dinner items for the lunch price ($25). I went with a large group of Asian people so we had this strategy down long before we got here.Stay away from Biryani, anything Indian, and sushi.My favorite item was the pesto mashed potatoes!
3	Buffet looks nice outside and the line you stand in is fancy on the walls and all, but not so great inside. The display where they hold the all the food looks like cafeteria style. Dirty sneeze guards that are greasy and look like they've never been cleaned. The chairs and tables were an older style, not my type, but look clean and ok. Now the most important part, the food. The food was ok. They have lamb and flank steak which were the best. The cocktail shrimp was large and very fresh, didn't taste frozen and thawed a bunch of times. The sushi was not very appealing to look at, but I tried it anyway. Surprisingly, the spicy tuna was pretty good. The desert area had quite a variety, but no gelato and only soft serve. They had carrot cake, lemon, walnut brownies, and more. They did have a full bar, but the prices was very expensive.  The food was ok, but for the price, I've had MUCH better, and I've been to MANY of the buffets in vegas, and this is not the best. Funny, I expect more from the BELLAGIO. I was expecting more and got WAY less. Probably won't come back because of the price.
3	Since its been featured on tv soo many times as one of the best buffets, i had to try it out.Came here for Brunch on a Sunday morning, (the later you get here the longer you wait) we got champagne with our meal so it was $30 per person but we got endless mimosas! MMm MM!M!!to tel you the truth i was disappointed, i was expecting a lot more since there was a lot of hype about it. Theres a lot of selection of food which i like, the bacon was delicious, and they had pesto mashed potatoes which i loved!! Chinese food, breakfast, sushi, pastas..etc etc!!........but no hashbrowns!!?! no corn hash?!?!...and the dessert really disappointed me, a lot of seltion but it wasnt really that good. Maybe the hype is for dinner or lunch buffet.....so ill come back to give it another chance ;)
1	Caution wait time at this restaurant is ridiculous. We waited an hour and a half on a Monday night. The line to get in is carefully hidden behind walls so you don' t see how Long it is. The place is way over priced, staff is arrogant, and most of the food is geared to Japanese tourists. Food was tasteless, cold, with no cook to order stations. Our local Indian casino (Sacramento) has twice the food at half the price. Hard to believe this is the number one rated buffet in Vegas.
5	THIS PLACE IS DOPE! I came by for breakfast and it was great quality food especially for a buffet. The thing I didnt like much was how the beverages werent self serve. The servers or bussers that walk around helping you out werent there at all times but that wasnt much of a problem to me.
3	we came here on a Sunday, we fell in line at about 1 o'clock it took about 1 and a half hours to eat.  I was really excited, because I really like buffets, but I LOVE vegas buffets.Pork Belly, delicious!Lamb!, goodsushi area...okaySalad area..wtf, the guy was very rude, when I asked for a spoon for the sunflower kernels, he looked down, around--then grabbed a spoon from the garbanzo beans and SHOVED it into the kernels and said "there is now"whoa bro, not my fault you got stuck on salads for the third straight dayWe came at a weird time, breakfast was just ending and dinner was in transition, so some of the items  were unavailable, and the existing ones were of low quality and quantity..I like it, hopefully next time we can get their for dinner...murr
4	Love the breakfast buffet here. My favorites were the eggs benedict, eggs florentine, crepes, salads, desserts and coffee. All top quality from the service received to our freshly brewed, flavorful coffees. Eggs benny were perfect which is impressive to maintain for a buffet sitting under the heat lamps. If you go 1/2 hr. before the lunch turnaround, you'll get to experience lunch items too. Will be back on our next trip!
4	I have been here a handful of times. It is a really massive buffet with a ton of seafood and interesting options (not just your run-of-the-mill buffet spread). It is expensive, but if you're going to make it your meal of the day it is worth it. I am giving 4 stars only because there was one experience where I came here before closing and the food was cold and unreplenished (cliearly not acceptable when you are dropping this kind of cash). Every other time however the buffet was amazing.Read more Las Vegas and Los Angeles Reviews on my blog- http://rescuelashelters.wordpress.com/2011/07/06/the-best-of-the-las-vegas-strip/
2	Not worth the money or the wait in line. I went to the buffet for Brunch on a Saturday... The food was just "ok". It was edible, but nothing to go run home and tell your mother about it. The waffles were too hard and dry. The meats were extra fatty and very rare. The eggs were super runny. The breakfast sausage was good, but that's pretty hard to screw up. The pizza was ok too. The muscles were dry. The king crab legs were ok for buffet standards. The pork belly was juicy & delicious, They did not have too many options for desserts, just your standards, I tried almost one of everything but was only happy with the keylime tart. Overall I think the Belliago Buffet is more on the old school vegas vibe. With standard options. The newer hotel buffets on the strip (i.e. Cosmopolitan, Aira, etc) seems to give not only the standards but different variations of them as well as providing other unique options for the same price as this buffet.
5	You can't go wrong with this buffet.  The quality of the food is amazing.  The desserts are great( if not limited selection).  You dont leave feeling all full and gross.  The seafood is heads and tails about the rest.  Case in point, The Bellagio has swordfish and bluenose.  Other "cheaper" buffets serve Tilapia.  The Bellagio also serves Coke products.  A huge plus in my book.  Here is a tip, go for lunch, its 19.95 vs, 29.95 for a weekeday dinner.  The food is basically the same.  We ate here 2x on this trip.  The first was July 4th for the holiday brunch.  The server was great that day.  Yesterday, for lunch, the server SUCKED.  She was so rude.  I asked her if she had a paper napkin to blow my nose and she pointed me in the direction of the bathroom.  I said " you dont have a napkin" and she said "NO".  Thankfully, the woman sitting next to me gave me a tissue.
3	Not really worth it. Infinite amounts of food, but food selection is limited. Let's you want some sushi, you can get 100 pieces of 3 different kinds of sushi. Lots of dessert though, but its all the same, just small cakes and little cones filled with creme. Try to find that little cup of strawberry jello+whipped cream. It goes really fast. Seafood is too salty. If you really want it, grab it when it first comes out, do not get bottom of pile. The best food I had there was DIY salad....k. Large generous portions of meat, wait in line maybe 2min to get through the whole line. Overall, its okay if you are hungry. There are other buffets on the strip. For a hotel this big, I am really disappointed.
2	Pretty mixed bag, but I can't say I would go here again (!!!!!).  We went here for the lunch buffet.First off, I felt the service was kind of bad.  They did keep the entrance/payment line moving well, so that was good.  However, I thought that the people doing drinks as well as behind the counter weren't very friendly.  Yeah, they have a lot of tables and people to get through, but it does detract from the experience.The food was not great.  Having heard this buffet was one of the best in Vegas, I was expecting a lot, but I guess I should have expected a small step above Old Country Buffet.  The salad and fruit bar was pretty good, but those are foods you can't really screw up, aren't they?Maybe this review is overly negative, but if you are in Vegas for just a short time and you are paying ~$20 a person or whatever for a meal, you should get something AWESOME.  Somewhere else.
4	I've been here twice now and the food is delicious. There is a big selection of seafood and innovative dishes. The dessert is also amazing. As someone with a huge sweet tooth it was hard to ignore on my first round through the buffet, but I managed. The presentation of the desserts was beautiful and they tasted great too, especially the bread pudding. The most recent time that I went, we went because we remembered there being sushi. Unfortunately, there was yogurt and fruit in its place and they started setting up the sushi section as we were leaving.The service of fabulous. We were there for the unlimited champagne brunch ($5 extra). She joked around with us, cleared our plates, and made sure that our champagne glasses were always full.
4	This is one of the better, solid buffets in Vegas. Went back for a second time for breakfast this past weekend. Our waitress was an amazing improvement over the last one, making sure we always had champagne and water, joking around with us, and she was just very sweet. The buffet seemed to have less items than last time I was there. We arrived around 7AM, and many things were missing, such as the sushi, hand rolls, prime rib, etc. They put thew food out as we were leaving a few hours later, but if we paid the same price as those who came later in the morning, shouldn't we get the same food, too? But I loved my shrimp omelet, the chicken biryani, and all of the other items.
5	i must say this place a little better then the wynn buffet.its nice and a major selection of so much food.this has to be Vegas best buffet.
2	Meh. I've experienced better buffets than this. Freakishly long line, but luckily we pass the line because my aunt has a VIP player's card. Quality & quantity is pretty low. Price is high.
3	Gonna make this review short and simple. Quality of food/service went down considerably compared to couple years ago due to what I call "HR problem" I feel like Bellagio transferred all the good chefs/servers to Cosmopolitan buffet as MGM Corp needs to impress guests with its new state of the art buffet place. Until Bellagio brings back all the top chefs/servers to Bellagio to bring back its good old quality, I won't pay $30 for my meal and opt for Spice Market Buffet instead! :X
5	+ eggs benedict+ smoked salmon with mustard+ prime rib+ omelettes+ corn+ pesto mashed potatoes+ carrots & asparagus+ beef tenderloin+ the dude cutting the meat was super nice+ the dude cooking the omelette was funny and enthusiastic+ french toast with powder sugar and a scoop of syrup topped with strawberry sauce+ spicy tuna roll is really spicy+ variety of pizza-lamb - dessert ... meh. i wanted the raspberry cake (?)... i only got 1, and wanted a 2nd but it was all gone. next day... they didn't have raspberry cake either. :(came here twice lunch & breakfast the next dayYUM YUM YUM
5	I don't think I've gone to Vegas without doing the Sat/Sun Bellagio Brunch Buffet.  I have this thing down to a science.  Some people know how to count cards, well I know how to bring down the house by attacking the buffet.  So let me lay my wisdom on you...OK, first off, If you want to take Vegas, you need to follow some simple buffet rules.  1. No salad.  I don't care how good the dressing is, or how fresh it looks, or if it sounds good to you.  NO NO NO, that's like splitting 10's.  Someone fills one of their precious trips to the buffet with a salad, and I'm picking up my buffet chips and changing tables.  2. No Rolls or bread.  They are good here, everything is freshly baked, but it takes up way too much space and it's is a trap they want you to fall into.  Kind of like taking insurance when the dealer has an Ace showing.  3.  No sushi other than maybe a spicy tuna hand roll.  They aren't slicing fresh sashimi here.  It's all california rolls with lots of rice and little fish.  You are going to get better sushi else where, so don't fill up on all that rice.OK, so now we got some basic strategy down, I'll teach you my fool proof system.Course 1 - Breakfast.  Go to the omelette station on the left and have them fire one up for you.  Take in all your options.  If you don't want to go standard with the fillings, notice they have crab meat and shrimp.  They also have spinach, basil, and cilantro for some extra seasoning.  You want to think outside the box, go get some smoked salmon and bring it to them to throw into an omelette.  Ok after you get your omelette, you grab an eggs benedict (which always has a perfect runny yolk center), some sausage, bacon if you wish.  And now here's why I said to go to the Omelette station on the left and not the right.  Next to the sausage is a small bowl marked Beef Tenderloin.  They don't have that on the right and I think few people notice it, which is their plan.  So now you have nicely seasoned slices of filet mignon to put some more scrambled eggs on top of for steak and eggs.  I call this course, eggs 3 ways.  Omelette, Scrambled, and Benedict.  Please notice we've avoided all french toast, waffles, and pancakes.  I'm sure they are good, but you'll ruin your other courses.Course 2 - Cold Smoked Fish.  Ok here's a real tough one.  You can't get a bagel with this course, it takes up way too much room and violates rule 2.  So you grab lots of smoked salmon, smoked trout, maybe herring if you like it, and slices of tomato and red onion.  Use the slice of tomato as a base and construct "open face" sandwiches of the smoked fish using cream cheese to hold it all together on the fork.  Right in the center of the buffet are large chilled cocktail shrimp, try to use the shrimp as a barrier between the cocktail sauce and the smoked fish.  Although it's a little known fact that cocktail sauce and cream cheese tastes good together.Course 3 - Meat.  Go up to the carving station have them slice you up some Prime Rib and roasted lamb.  Make sure they don't skimp on your slices here, speak up if it's too small.  The odds for making it back again are small and sometimes there is a line.  They know this.  To your right is another small carving station with Turkey and Pork Belly.  Make sure you get this and some cranberry sauce to hold a piece of turkey and pork belly together on the fork.  You have to get some potatoes with your meat and mashed is the best way to go.  By mashing it, they've done some of the hard chewing work for you.  By smearing some on each bite of meat, it goes down smoothly.  If you want flavor overload get the pesto mashed.Course 4 - Odds and Ends.  So now walking around the buffet a few times you've seen some other things that catch your eye.  Now's the time to just throw whatever else you want to try on your plate.  Roasted chicken and saffron rice, BBQ glazed Salmon, Creamy Pasta with chicken and sun dried tomatoes, a few Lo Mein Chinese dishes,  couple of slices of pizza.  Now with the pizza, don't be afraid to take only a few bites of the slice then eat the rest of the toppings so you aren't violating rule 2.  The pizza is pretty good and there are usually about 5 or 6 to choose from.  Keep on the look out for a shrimp pesto one.Course 4.5 - Back Up Plan.  Sometimes the Odds and Ends aren't that happening.  People don't pay as much attention to them, and sometimes they sit too long and get a little dried out.  Don't be affraid to throw in the towel and then double down on something you really liked earlier.  Sure there are starving people in the world and you may feel guilty about throwing a whole plate of food away that you barely touched, but they aren't going to get that plate of food anyway.  Course 5 - Dessert.  Sample Everything, Finish Nothing!  When I'm done, my table looks the same as the dessert station, just with 1 bite missing.  Don't feel bad, remember what happened to the last person who told starving people "Let Them Eat Cake"
2	This place is overrated!My friend and I went here for Sunday Brunch. For $25 a pop, I expected to be wowed with variety and flavor but I was greatly disappointed. =(When we first walked in, I was welcomed by the awesome food aroma and massive buffet area.  I immediately checked-in and posted a quick tip about the sight of hella food. Not! I am writing this review to take that back.  We though there was hella food but 10 minutes into the buffet, we found out that the left and right side of the buffet were serving the same kind of dishes. Really really disappointed!  There weren't enough hot dishes to choose from and the omelette station was so swamped it wasn't worth waiting in line. One thing though, there were hella desserts and baked breads but they weren't tempting to eat at all.Our server was super nice! Half-star goes to her even though she forgot my water.  Prolly ain't coming back though, the quality and quantity of food served ain't $25 worthy.
4	The best buffet I have ever tried in a very long time. It is a bit pricey about $27 per person for dinner. I was a bit disappointed at the selection. I thought there would be more selection of food. The wait was about half an hour. Overall, a good place to eat buffet.TIP: if you want to try EVERYTHING, I suggest taking a biteful of everything! That way, you won't be as full.
4	The Buffet at Bellagio has been a mainstay of my staycations and previous Vegas vacations before I moved here. It has never let me down.   It is an example of, "you get what you pay for.' Not of being ripped off. I rate the ambiance and quality of food highly.  The live meat station has featured top tasting ribs and steak on my dinner visits. On brunch visits, I have enjoyed a bagel with lox and cream cheese. And I have had zero complaints over any of the food here.   Timing is everything when it comes to paying. One minute there will be no line and a few minutes later there will be a line backed up to the casino.
4	Great selection of food. Had to wait about an hour in line though...
3	I had heard really good things about this place but I have to say I was a little disappointed. Yes the food quality was perfect but I was expecting more of a selection.
1	I'm not going to lie, the buffet itself was pretty good.  The prime rib for me was more of a highlight than the kobe flank.  BUT the wait staff were HORRIBLE!!  Our waiter brought the wrong drink and never bothered to check in on our table afterwards to see how we were doing. The plates weren't picked up in a timely manner as well.  He didn't re-fill our drinks the whole evening until...  at the end of our meal, I said to my table "i think our waiter kind of sucked."  My brother and cousin were looked at me and said "He's right behind you."  Ok, I might be a jerk for saying that.  He clearly heard me because he only brought my cousin back another drink.  He didn't even look at me.  Even though the service was poor, we tipped him 15%.  The money was slightly tucked under a plate and we watched him when we left.  He first thought we didn't tip him and he shot us a dirty look and gathered his other wait staff around him to watch us.  Later on he found the tip and just put it in his pocket.  Punk.  TERRIBLE WAIT STAFF make for an UNPLEASANT dining experience.
4	My favorite buffets in Vegas are Wynn & Bellagio.While the Wynn is ABSOLUTELY gorgeous inside...I feel like the Bellagio has an edge food wise.This past visit I wasn't exactly 100% satisfied.We waited 1.5 hours in line (Yes..I was dying of starvation halfway through).Helpful Hints: - Dinner is pricey at $36.99 for weekends. Do what I do and come right before 4pm (which is when lunch ends) and pay lunch prices. Cheap I know..but I'm Asian.- Crab legs here are CRAZY salty.- One of my fav. was was the salmon & ahi poke. SUPERRR spicy but I kept going back for more.This place is consistently solid and you won't be disappointed (unless you waited over 1 hr in line...then you'll just be mad).Not exactly worth the $40 dinner price..but if you can get in for cheaper than go for it!
2	Hm...stood in line for an HOUR! Just to have two plates :( We went for a late lunch. They didnt have much in my opinion for paying 25 bucks! The only thing i liked was the BBQ Salmon and Pineapple Fried Rice thats it.
2	so bad, so bad.there's much more other choices. don't waste your time lining up for crap food.
3	Line was very long. Was very excited to find out what the Bellagio buffet was all about and sad to say it did not live up to it's reputation. Pros: dessert, prime rib, service, snow crab and king crabCons: fake Kobe beef, BBQ ribs no bueno, pork belly wasn't to fond of it. Sushi was terrible
5	Its true when folks say this is best buffet in Vegas. Now i did not go to all other buffets, but its quite good. Just taste the meat and you will know - the meat is like in a nice steakhouse. Great sushit selection and also was nice selection of fish, all of an impecable quality. Search no further for Vegas buffets.
2	Aww man. Disappointed.Was it because we went for lunch? Because it was a weekday (Friday)? Was it just a bad day? Were my expectations too high because it's the Bellagio? Pretty much the only things I remember really liking from this (lunch) buffet were the Caramelized Chilean Sea Bass, the pastas (Mushroom Ravioli with truffle essence and Three cheese tortellini with Walnut pesto) and the cookies. Even the meat carving station was forgettable. The sushi bar person had made all of these spicy tuna hand rolls and then left them sitting there, but behind the display glass, so you couldn't even get one if you wanted one. I waited for someone to return for like 5 minutes. Eh.There weren't even crab legs (supposedly not until 4 PM), so I couldn't really get my Asian guy's money's worth.
5	Best buffet on the strip! My family used to only go to this buffet when they would take me as a kid and I always thought it was great, but I had nothing to compare it to. Then, as I got older and started coming here with other families or with my friends (now that I'm over 21!), I still maintain that the Buffet at Bellagio is simply the best.My most recent experience was last week, and I'm friend knows what's up when it comes to buffets - the Bellagio. We decided to come here just before our drive home because we knew no one would be hungry after going here. (If you get here at about 3:45, you pay the lunch price but they put out the dinner at 4:00...yes!) All of the Italian food in the buffet is wonderful...the pizza is great. They also have crab and prime rib, so good. The desserts are better than most buffet desserts and the service was very friendly!
4	Bellagio. Makes me wait for a long time in the line.The quality of the food is excellent compared to Spice market buffet. I would suggest this place for seafood lovers and people 5 star for seafood lovers5 star who go to expensive restaurants.5 star quality3.5 to 4 star - my taste buds
3	I must say, I was a little disappointed with my Bellagio buffet experience. I definitely expected better. I came for dinner and they had a good variety of food, but I actually expected more. The crab was only okay, nothing spectacular.  The prime rib was quite good, juicy and tender. I also tried the crab cakes which were surprisingly good. I would also reocommend trying their sushi and especially the salmon poke. The salmon poke was probably the best thing they had at the buffet. Other than that, I was not too impressed with the dessert selection. There wasn't a lot to choose from and there wasn't really anything special or unique.So overall, the buffet was still pretty good but not amazing. Wicked Spoon is still better!
5	at first I had sticker shock over the price, but it was worth it.  Best buffet in Vegas thus far.
2	Gormet buffet for about $36! I tasted better buffet in the past. The food here is just average. Its not worth it.
3	I'll start by saying that I am not really a "buffet" person.  I typically think of those low-end, low-class joints where large people stuff themselves with full-on, glutenous abandon...and it kind of freaks me out.  Also, I find buffets to be overkill....I'm a conscious eater and know I can't (and shouldn't) eat $36 worth of breakfast food in one sitting, so I usually don't want to waste the money - I'd much prefer to waste it gambling, but, I digress.  Anyway, for all of my hang-ups about buffets, I will say that the Bellagio does a very nice job.  The quality of the food is good and fresh and the selection is enormous.  The service, as with everything else in this hotel, is wonderful.   Be prepared to wait in line....a long line at that...and listen to the group of guys howling about the night before, or the group of girls terribly hungover ready to go to the pool.  :)In any case, if you staying at or even just visiting the Bellagio, you really can't go wrong.  In my opinion, this is still the best hotel in Vegas when it comes to service and quality.  Enjoy!
5	Heard that this was the best buffet spot in LV and it didnt disappoint.  Although we had to wait 30 min to get in, it was definitely worth the wait.  They have a great selection of foods and desserts.  Easy to navigate the buffet and the food is delicious.  We scarfed down our food in record time after spending all day at the pool so we were in and out.  You cant get a better deal in LV than a $25 lunch buffet.
5	I told myself that on my next trip to Vegas, I was gonna try one of the nicer buffets on the Strip. My husband & I stayed at Paris, and it was a choice between Wicked Spoon and The Buffet. While I was intrigued by Wicked Spoon's mac and cheese bar, we went to the Bellagio.We waited in line for about 45 minutes on a Monday night. It was worth the wait. The prime rib was awesome; the Kobe sirloin was even better. The cold shrimp was fresh, and the pasta had lots of flavor. Even the sea bass was good, and I never eat sea bass. I tried four of their desserts: my favorite was the tiramisu. The only thing I didn't like much was the shrimp in the paella, but that's a very minor quibble. Overall: great food, our server was really nice, even when she forgot my water, and it was definitely the best buffet we'd ever eaten at (at this point, anyway). It's definitely worth the splurge... although the Friday/Sat. prices seem a bit steep.
4	Champagne brunch was soooo worth it! Unlimited champagne, mountains of king crab legs, breakfast, lunch, desserts etc.. what more can you ask for?Luckily we arrived early enough Sunday morning to beat the rush. We were there around 9-10am
5	I avoid buffets like the plague. When two of my friends where raving about the dinner they had there before the rest of us arrived, and convinced everyone to go eat there; I broke out in a cold sweat and was having flashbacks to my youth and being dragged to countless Chinese and old country buffets where I would get yelled at my mother for wasting her ten bucks, as I could only bring myself to eat their canned fruit and ice cream and nothing else. Silly me didn't realize that this is Vegas and they do things a bit differently here. Where should I start. The sushi, yes I ate sushi at a buffet and it was awesome. The hazelnut french toast with banana was glorious. The countless amounts of fresh fruit, the salmon which I had to restrain myself from taking all of it. Everything I put on my plates was so good. Everyone loved the food and I'm told the desserts were so good as well, I didn't trust myself to just have a few so I passed. The buffet is maintained well and so there is nothing sitting out there forever. Expect a bit of wait but its well worth it. We were there July fourth weekend so they hiked up their prices a little bit, so expect that if you there during a holiday. The Bellagio has changed my opinions on buffets, when I go back to Vegas I'm making a stop here, and may even try some other places.
3	Hmmm, 2 words OVER RATED, wait 2 more, OVER PRICED.  So we had the champagne brunch this morning.  Actually my husband didn't have champagne- so his price was $25, if you want champagne it's $5 extra.  I read reviews here yesterday before deciding to fork out $60 for brunch.  The only conclusion I can come to at this point is that most of the reviews must be tourists.  I'm a local, and this buffet is NOT "the best buffet ever".  I'm used to buffets, so walking in and seeing tons of food doesn't shock me.   My husband would have preferred Golden Corral over this, not me though.The main reason we came here was because my parents had comps and we wanted to have breakfast with them.  So we didn't have to wait in the nice long line.As for the food, it was decent.  The selection wasn't that great- at first it looks great, until you realize there are a lot of duplicates- like bacon in 4 different areas, sausage if 4 different areas, whole roasted potatoes in 3 different area....ya get it?  I also don't think the layout of the food flows nicely either.  It's all chopped up so it's very easy to miss things.  I'm a pretty plain eater so I had things like bacon, french toast, roasted potatoes, pizza, a nice salad, prime rib,  mashed potatoes and some dessert.  Everything was good, but again, $30 worth....I don't think so.Oh and their desserts look great, but they were all room temperature.  I don't know about ya'll, but I like my cheesecake to be cold!!  Oh, and no ice-cream.  What the hell, the buffet at Sunset Station that costs $10 has real ice-cream.  Not that soft serve ice milk crap!!  I see that other reviews mention crab legs- there were not any when we were there.The service was good, just good.  I wouldn't say it was anyting spectacular, it was as expected.  Our plates where cleared in a timely manner and our drinks where always pretty full.  I was kinda annoyed though when I told the waitress that I wanted a mimosa.  She basically just dumped some OJ in my champagne glass that was 3/4 full.  So after she added the OJ it was full to the brim.  And maybe it's just me, but pulp free OJ would be nice in a mimosa.I highly doubt we will be returning to this buffet.  I think the husband and I will try The Wicked Spoon.   And if we don't like that we'll stick to The M.  I'd much rather go to The M, where beer and wine are included with your price.  The M has a seafood dinner buffet on the weekends for the same price as this brunch, and it's their original dinner buffet PLUS seafood, so it'll work for those who don't like seafood.  Really, if you are leaving Vegas, and going home to California, stop at The M on your way out of town!
4	Let me start by saying: Oh. My. God. I've never stood in line for one and a half hours for dinner before.Moving on... My boyfriend is not a fan of buffets, but hearing that their Gourmet Dinner has Kobe beef, he was willing to try. The steak was very good for buffet standards (although for $40 you'd expect them to be good), you can choose medium rare or well-done, we had the medium rare and it was tender and juicy. The lamb was good too, but the taste is very strong, I was overwhelmed by the second slice. They also serve regular steaks and wellingtons.The Mac & Cheese is AWFUL, totally tasteless. I tried a few pieces of each of their pastas and none of them tasted memorable. I went around a whole circle of the place and took a spoonful of most of the dishes they were serving and nothing really stood out to me (other than the various steaks).Now, we must talk about desserts. Why? Because I love them, if you don't, you can skip ahead.Cheesecake - oh so very good. It melts in your mouth and the flavor is so rich but at the same time it isn't overwhelming at all. Must try!Carrot cake - standard, flavorful and not too much icing.Tarts - there are various different tarts but I didn't quite like them. The Lime Tart is super sour.Tiramisu - it tasted more like coffee mousse to me, but it's not bad.Chocolate cake - very good! The chocolate flavor is very rich.Caramel Pudding - the pudding was lacking taste, the caramel sauce couldn't really save it either.All in all, I'm not sure we'd go back when we visit Vegas again (mainly due to the unimaginably long lines), but if you're a steak and dessert lover, this is a good place to go!
1	Had brunch this past weekend. all i can say is come on Bellagio. I was very disappointed with the quality/selection of the food. Just like the previous reviewer, 1 hour and 15 minutes in line- not worth it at all. Brunch was $25, which is pretty good deal, but pay 5-7 more and go to Wicked spoon at Cosmopolitan. you wont be disappointed.
4	Really good food. I mean, it has a whole variety of quality stuff and the place is bee u tee ful...well, for a buffet restaurant that is. There were sirloin steak, prime ribs, pork strips. Price is ridiculous, but I'd go as far as say it's worth the 25-30 dollars (Depending on what time you go) because the food really is good. The service was kinda "ehh", but the waitress was old so I won't hate. :)
5	prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs.
4	Daaaaaaamn!!! (in a good way) This is one of the best buffets I've been too. There's a wide variety of food the changes!!! yes CHANGES As you eat! The truffled oil infused pasta might change with lobster ravioli!. There's a lot of food here for any one who's a foodie.Beef wellington, prime rib, all good!!! they have snow crab legs and king crab legs. I took one star off because they really should come out unfrozen. tsk tsk.Dessert was delicious creme brule, cookies, pana cotta, mmmmm good. I suggest that if you're a college student on a budget go here about 60 to 80 minutes before dinner service and after the wait in line you should be able to get in to dinner  for lunch prices.
4	Great food for the price this buffet really changed my opinion of buffet food the selections at the Bellagio Buffet are great and tasty.
2	I came here with my family after reading all the reviews. I was very dissapointed. I don't mind the price as long as the food is good, but for that price I expected good food and it was not. The food was ok but not good. The buffet at Wynn is about the same price and is actually worth the money. Don't was your time and $$ here, it is overhyped.
5	OMG!! The Sunday brunch is amazing!! They have everything from Prime rib to Sushi. The breakfast was so good. Great tasting Hazelnut French Toast and Crepes. For $5 more you get endless champagne. We are not talking little glasses of cheap champagne either!! Well worth the money!!
5	If you are in Vegas, you must go to the Bellagio Buffet, specifically go around 11:00 am. They server breakfast till 11:00 and they start serving lunch. So you can have breakfast and lunch. The food is delicious~~~Will definitely go again once i'm in Vegas
1	4 of us went to the Buffet at Bellagio for Monday lunch. 2 of us had been to the Bellagio Sunday brunch before, and enjoyed it then.We will _NOT_ return.We arrived in line Monday at noon and had a 30 minute wait to be seated. (as expected)  Drink service was good, service at the carving stations and the omelette bar was good.  Everything else underwhelmed us.  Poor selection.  Flavorless food.The meats (turkey, pork, beef, chicken) were tough, dry and flavorless.The fruit (strawberry, pineapple, and melon) was under-ripe.The salad bar had few choices.The cocktail shrimp were OK.After noon, the breakfast stations had been replaced by an assortment of pizzas and fresh 'sliders'.For sushi, there were only 3 sliced rolls (veggie, california, and california with krab) and spicy tuna hand rolls.For dessert there were 5 kinds of dessert cakes, eclairs, and soft serve ice cream.  A decent selection, but all but one cake were flavorless.Overall, disappointing.
3	Came here during the breakfast and lunch hour. The offerings were pretty typical during breakfast time with the customizable omelette station as the highlight.When the time came to the lunch offerings, the standout was easily the mini burgers. They were surprisingly juicy and had just the right amount of cheese to it. I was able to dress each burger properly from the other offerings nearby also. To top it all off, hella good flan with a slight orange flavor to it settled my stomach easily.Overall, from the other extravagant buffet offerings around, I can't say that the Bellagio's buffet tops out the list of best buffet in Vegas.
5	Here's the deal: if you would like to gorge yourself on pretty much any kind of delicious food for cheap, what you need to do is arrive at the Bellagio Buffet at around 3pm.Why? Because after you spend about an hour in line, you get in at the lunch price ($20), but get the dinner food (a $30 value). It is possible that the line could take longer and you might get stuck paying the dinner price, but isn't it only appropriate to gamble a bit? And frankly, I would have paid the $30 if need be.I would probably skip the mac n' cheese, swordfish, and some of the desserts, but pile on the prime rib, sea bass, and crab legs. Oh, and I probably could have eaten a troph of the sweet potato puree. Yum yum yum.
5	If you like freshly prepared food and desserts, then this buffet is the way to go. Service was also quite splendid.
3	Came early; so didn't have to wait long for dinner. I probably didn't eat enough to make the buffet worth it for me.  I don't even recall what I ate that night but I was impressed by the huge dessert section.
3	After seeing all the raving reviews, I was really looking forward to trying the buffet at Bellagio but in the end, I was a bit disappointed. Shrimp cocktail was awesome as well as some of the other seafood selections, but a lot of meat dishes were overcooked, dry, and tough. Good pasta and pizza, but I try to limit my carb consumption at buffets so that I can eat more and get my $$ worth. Now on to desserts. My friends and I tried little bit of everything, there was really no wow factor. Everything was a bit bland, even flan and tiramisu. Come'on, how can you ever go wrong with flan and tiramisu? The best ones were chocolate eclair and bread pudding, but not good enough to go get seconds. Considering that I came here after not eating for good ~20 hours, I should have enjoyed the food more than usual but unfortunately, that was not the case. If this is your first time in Vegas or won't be coming back in a while, then go with Paris, Wynn, or Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan instead.
4	The line was long but well worth the wait. I LOVED this buffet (and I'm not much of a buffet person). I restocked my plate a few times to try a little bit of everything. Most I liked and the things I didn't like were because I generally don't like those foods. The dessert table was probably my favorite. I wanted everything but opted for the Apple pie and bread pudding. Mmmm...
3	This place is overly hyped!  Maybe I've been to better buffets, or the line was just too long and same for the wait.  I had their Sunday Brunch.  Though I left full, I was truly disappointed.
3	The food here is very average with funky tasting desserts. My husband is a platinum players card holder so we breezed through the, what seemed like a crazy, 2 hour wait line that ends up in the casino area. The waiter came around often but never had a smile on his face.  The carving station attendant was rude and obnoxious. Honestly, the only thing I really enjoyed was the coffee!  Can someone please tell me if it's a special Bellagio blend or can I get this from Jean Philippe? Never tried their coffee before.
3	Came here recently and it was ok. Most of the food was prepared nicely, but the crab legs were frozen. Yuck!Luckily they did have my creme brulee. Think I will try some other new buffets next time.
3	It's a buffet, which should tell you everything you need to know about this place.  It's a Vegas buffet, which should make things even clearer.If it isn't, here's the scoop - it's a buffet, meaning the food isn't going to be adequately seasoned or really interesting in any way because they have to appeal to the fat Midwestern fucks (myself included) that make up much of the clientele of this place.  Second, it's a Vegas buffet, meaning they make up for the relatively bland food by offering a fuckton of variety.  Nothing was really notable except for these crazy cheese puffs (which I ate several bowls of the way one eats a bowl of cereal).  Not worth the price or the wait in line.
5	Sadly we went here on our last day in Vegas. Being our last day in Vegas, half of us were hungover and didn't feel like eating much so we probably didn't quite eat our money's worth. :[However, we got there at a good time. We literally got to the cashier at 10:59am according to my receipt. There was no line at all and the cashier was super nice. I was in the front so I was gonna pay for just myself and she asked if we were all together. I told her we were and she told me that in less than a minute, the price would change and if we wanted to just pay together. So I just paid for everyone and they paid me back afterward. We stayed for a few hours so we had the opportunity to eat breakfast and lunch there. There was so much different types of food I was stuffed. If you go to the breakfast buffet, you should really try their omelets. They make it for you when you order it and it is awesome.  They also had yummy pineapple fried rice :]I wasn't a big fan of their desserts though but maybe that's because I just wasn't feeling like sweets and I was stuffed.
4	Great buffet with unlimited mimosas, I only partook in the unlimited OJ Though. Definitely come here if you have a big group of people... and for those late stragglers, you can ask the host to let your guests jump the line and come on in.... Awesome (we were the late comers...)
5	You have to go there, it is delicious, there is a line ok, but it is really yumm and you have so much choice !!!
3	Came here for the Saturday Brunch yesterday with my cousins. Man I don't know if this place is going downhill or the brunch just sucks. Prime rib was dry and not tender at all. Very limited selection. The only thing that was good was my omlette and I can make that at home.... pshhhNext time I'll go back to the good ol Wynn Buffet or try that new Cosmopolitan buffet.
5	I'm a girl who knows her buffets. And I know people who don't like buffets (fools, I tell you, fools!) who like this buffet. But let's make this about me. It's not a big deal if this buffet impresses someone who doesn't like buffets. Because they walk in (or were perhaps dragged in) already hesitant.Let me reiterate. I know my buffets. And let me tell you this: This is a buffet to top all other buffets. The crowning jewel of buffets, if you will. And with my love of places like Hometown Buffet where it's a strip-mall bargain, let's just say, at $29.95, my expectations for the Bellagio Buffet are pretty sky-high. Surpassed.I had dined here once several years ago, remembered it was good, remembered I liked it better than the Wynn buffet, but just hoped it would be a good choice still. Success. We had dined at the Monte Carlo buffet the night before, and though it was one-third the price (buy-one-get-one, woo!), the Bellagio Buffet was worth every penny in comparison. Service was better (even with a long wait!), too.Wandering through the buffet, I felt like Alice in a food wonderland, marveling at the choices. It was also my first time here as a pescaterian (formerly vegetarian), so the seafood choices rolled out before my eyes. Swordfish! Sushi! Somebody stop me!I realize this sounds pathetic, but I don't care ... I was in such a blissful state during this meal. Perhaps it was the company of a dear friend, or the fact that I was on vacation. Or quite possibly that everything I tried was freakishly delicious. Anyway, I entered a state of zen during my dining experience here, and what I'm trying to say is, you'd be foolish to skip this place on your next trip to Vegas.
3	The Bellagio buffet does not live up to the hype. While the selection of the food is pretty good during dinner, the flavors of just about everything I tried was mediocre at best. Everything was either overcooked or oversalted, especially the crab legs, which tasted like it had been boiled in pure salt water after being split in half. The only savory food I enjoyed was the salmon and ahi poke and grilled asparagus. The dessert station here is pretty small and pathetic as well, especially compared to the buffets at the Wynn and Paris. At least the tiramisu and apple cobbler I tried were good, since many of the other desserts fell flat. The only good thing about my experience here was that we paid lunch prices ($20) for dinner on a weekend, since the nice Asian hostess hurried our party of four in through the guarded entrance just 3 minutes before 4 pm. I guess one has to accept the fact that a buffet is still a buffet at the end of the day.
4	4 stars, the buffet was pretty good, but my loyalty is towards another buffet place in Vegas.  I like their selection of meats, since I'm always willing to venture and try different type of meats.  They had some elk which was very good.  Their dessert selection is really good too.
4	Bellagio is back! A long time ago before Wynn Resort even existed Bellagio was the king! Then it slipped, but now they seem to get their game back on...at least with their buffet for starters. The wait still is a bitch, but once seated, ta-da! I had no complaint whatsoever...well, except for the old loser purposely piled up new crab legs after I picked through the old ones was a pathetic display of discrimination toward Asians. LOL! The price was fair($30 weeknights), prime rib & lamb shank all done right, our favorite shrimp cocktails were bigger & more succulent than all competitors, desserts all tasted just delishiyoso! I can go on, but don't want to bore anyone. Just very glad Bellagio gained our taste buds' confidence back after the disappointment at Aria's poor impression on not only "so-called" interior design, but also very bad service.  Long live Bellagio XD
4	My friends and I were in Vegas this pass weekend and we decided to go here since I heard that it is one of the better buffets in Vegas. We came here for lunch on a friday afternoon. The line was long, but not too bad. There was a large group of us and I paid $25, which included gratuity. A lot cheaper than what I expected. Service was really quick and efficent as oppose to most buffets in Vegas. Our server was really on top of things and extremely friendly. Some of the items that really stood out for me was:-Eggs Benedict-Mini Sliders-Tri-tip-Pesto Tortellini-Bow tie pasta-Chow Mein-Spicy Tuna Hand rolls-Tiramisu-Chocolate cakeAt first my friends wanted to do the all you can eat buffet pass thing for 45 bucks, but we decided we wanted quality over quantity and I am glad we went here. Very good quality food and service.
1	The dinner buffet is so bad, the only reason I came here was because my friends wanted to experience a buffet.  Ick.  It's so hard to make food taste delicious for thousands of people everyday, every meal.  Everything was bland, over cooked, soft, or mushy.  I only took a small bite to taste and what I didn't finish, just left on my plate.  What a waste of food.
5	YUM-O!!! Food is so great everyone will walk out here with a bulge! They have a friday-saturday gourmet buffet dinner that would cost 36.99 per person! Ok, well, here is the trick, if you are tight on budget, come get in line around 3:15! Get in the price of lunch(19.99) and you will be pigging out on crab legs, sushi, beef wellingtons, lamb, and endless desserts!
3	it is just ok. dont wait in line for more than an hour for this one. the food is good but not like what your might think. buffet food the same as every other casino in town. and the $30 price tag.....hmmm
2	If the service wasn't great (and believe me it was really great, I would give it 5 stars if this review was based on service alone) I wouldn't have given it any stars. Came here saturday brunch time and the line was pretty long...but they were really efficient and the line basically was moving the whole time.Now for the food...the only thing I enjoyed was the smoked salmon, the rest were pretty bland tasting for me.
4	Best buffet in LV in my opinion. You just cant go wrong here. Great selection of salads, hot food, and what my wife calls the best part of the meal DESERTS! I also heard the brunch buffet was way worth it. Just come early as the lines can get wrapped quickly.
3	food was okay. a good amount to chose from but nothing blew me away except for their dessert! bellagio buffet probably has my favorite dessert selections out of all the buffets i've tried in vegas.i went in during the last hour for lunch and they still had some breakfast items left but it was definitely not fresh. their salmon sashimi was pretty good and a lot of seafood dishes to chose from.service was okay, i've had better service at other buffets in vegas. the only reason why i would go back to this buffet would be for the dessert. everything else was just alright.
2	AAAAAHAHAHAHA I cannot believe this place has 4 starsWhat a joke.  My friend had a players card that had $300 comp for food and drinks so we came here for dinner for that reason.  I felt bad for the people who did not have the Mlife players card because the line was stupid long and the wait was an hour (It was a Sunday night).  We came in and I basically tried everything.  All the fishes were so dry.  The steak was dry.  And basically all their cakes were dry.  Their seafood was also not good.  I did however liked that they had already opened crab legs for you.  However, they kept running out and would not restock.  Their sushi was terrible.  Sushi rice was also dry.  They had a lot of dessert, but none were very appealing.  Their cheese cake, tasted like cheese cake flavored gelatin.  Nasty.  The only dessert that was alright was the creme brulee.  To sum it up, their food reminds me of one of those low-quality Chinese buffets.  It had those types of desserts.  As for customer service, they were awesome.  Staff is very friendly and quick.  However, as for food, anyone that say this is the best buffet is an idiot.  $36.95 per person is definitely not worth it.  Glad we did not pay a buck or wait.  The girlfriend said that their food use to be much better and she does not know what happened.  My recommendation is to make the drive and go to the M resort and eat at their Studio B buffet. Its basically the same price, only its all you can drink alcohol plus awesome quality food.
4	I'm not usually a frequent buffet goer, but this is probably the best buffet I have been to. The wait to get inside wasn't too long when I went for and early dinner (~20 min), but it's understandable why they would take their time letting people in even though there are tables available. The buffet area isn't too large and if every table is full of people, it would be chaos. The food I enjoyed the most was the seafood. In a quick summary: the sea bass (YUM!), smoked salmon, and crab legs (YUM!!!). The mussels were a bit sandy and the sushi wasn't that good either, but it made up for it by having some delicious desserts. The creme brulee was to die for, so creamy and with a hint of coffee flavor, and the raspberry chocolate mousse cone had a wonderful surprise on the bottom of the cone. Definitely worth trying every single dessert, they're all petit sized so yes it is possible and no one will judge. Also the watermelon was ridiculously red, I couldn't resist eating a whole bunch of slices!The waiters were nice and pretty quick, but our waiter definitely got a little bit confused with the drinks. We ordered a ginger ale, coke, and iced tea. The first time he brought the ginger ale, coke, and a sprite; second time he brought a ginger ale, sprite, and iced tea, very weird. Not that picky so it didn't really matter too much.the buffet is a def must when in vegas
3	This was my third time eating at the buffet; I have eaten here previously for breakfast and dinner. My party and I went to the buffet tonight (a Wednesday night) around 5:45, and we were surprised to see a substantial line formed outside the restaurant. I called earlier in the day, and I was told lines didn't start forming until around 6:30. When we paid for the buffet, we were surprised that 8 year olds were charged the same price as adults (there is no kids' price; diners 4+up all pay $29.95). We got our seats at 6:25.I surveyed the buffet quickly before getting food. It seems that the selection and quality of the food has declined since the last times I ate here. The Japanese food station:-I loved the seaweed salad, the udon salad, and the california roll-The salmon and tuna poke were mediocre. The fish was good, but there was way too much sauce on it-The beef tartar was not goodThe salad station:-For most of the prepared salads, you have to ask someone behind the counter to give you some, which I didn't really like. There were some salads you could grab yourself. One was a corn couscous salad that was delicious.-For the make-your-own-salad, the selection was pretty standardSeafood:-Crab legs were fresh and refreshing; the best part is you don't have to crack them open yourself!-The shrimp was also fine-The salmon was overcooked-Chilean seabass was the big winner of the night!! It was so flavorful and tender; it melted in my mouth-Steamed mussels were deliciousMeat:-The only meat I tried from a carving station was the pork tenderloin, which was too dry-The sausages were pretty standardRandom sides:-Sweet potatoes were amazing-Read cabbage was one of my favorite things of the night-I also really enjoyed the risotto and German pasta-Sauteed cabbage and honey glazed carrots were both solid dishesDessert:-I got the last cookie of the night (I don't know why they didn't bake more) - it was a normal cookie-The bread pudding was good, as was the carrot cakeI had a nice meal here, but I'm not sure I'd come back.
3	Stipulation: to get any more than 3 stars as a buffet, you need to blow my socks off.  They stayed on.That said, it was enjoyable, and the items that I did choose were done rather well :-)Good points* Server was quick to fill up the champagne glasses.  Thank you!* Good coffee* Wonderful smoked salmon and cod* Nice cutlery* They make spicy tuna hand rolls to order* Shrimp was squishyNot so great* LONG wait (actually, the line moved quickly.  ~20 people once you got outside the twisty portion of the line (so, in front the casino floor), and it only took 45" and we were seated* horrible ice cream* desserts were "eh"* Sterile atmosphere. I know, you're in Vegas, but you're also at the Bellagio, and I was just hoping for a bit more* No crab or oysters :-(No regrets; I would just choose to go a cafe next time.
3	Went for dinner.  Only liked two dishes there, prime rib and primavera pasta.  Dessert, though there was a large selection, was mediocre in taste.  Heard from others that the best is to go for champagne brunch.
1	When the fish tastes like ham there is something wrong.  I would compare this to a cheap $5 buffet that costs $20 per plate.  We are trying to get our money back right now, everything is bad.  Hope I don't get sick.
5	I'm usually cautious of buffets because I never trust them to really be good. But this one is GOOD! So good they have fresh made sushi and fresh spring rolls - among other things. But everything is made so well.I committed to going all out during this buffet. I had a bacon, onion, mushroom pepper and cheese omelet, biscuits and gravy, prime rib, sushi, fresh spring rolls, pepperoni pizza, waffles, pancakes, sausage, bacon and ate every dessert on their dessert bar (there were about 10 of them). Just be prepared to wait in line for about 45 minutes. Its worth it though.
3	We went on the 4th. Only reason it is getting three stars is for the dessert and the seaweed salad.  The rest of the Buffett was lacking choices. It also did not have crab legs at all. WTF?
4	someone once told me that the wynn is better than the bellagio. WELL THAT PERSON LIED TO ME. i've tried both and i think bellagio just has better quality food and the atmosphere is nicer too.after a night of clubbing and being hung over the entire day and perhaps still drunk, making my way to the bellagio buffet is something i always look forward to. you pay first, and i usually come here around 4:30 and pay for lunch and stay til dinner when they bring out the crab legs and other dinner dishes (i'm asian..). the first time i came here, i had the best waitress. she hyped up the orange juice! her exact words were "we have the best orange juice, all hand squeeze, with no additional water or sugar added!" what a sweet chinese lady! so of course, we all got glasses of orange juice and she wasn't lying! the orange juice was the best!the dishes i love getting here:1. steak2. sushi/sashimi3. smoked salmon4. CREME BRULEE (i can eat 5 of these)i definitely think it's a must-go buffet in vegas, and i guess the wynn isn't bad, but i personally prefer bellagio.
2	I'm scratching my head over what to include in this review, and I am drawing a blank.The wait was about 45 minutes on a Sunday night around 5:30. Once inside, I didn't get the thrill of seeing all of their selection. If anything, I had that impression of "I wish we had decided to go elsewhere."The crab legs were a huge disappointment. They weren't that good in comparison to other buffets I have had. The prime rib was a little on the tough side, and was quite lacking in flavor. All in all, you get the idea. I would say avoid this buffet altogether, not worth it!
5	This place rocks!! After eating at the MGM Grand Buffet the night before which was total disapointment... This place totally exceeded our expectations.  The food selection was great; prime rib, pork belly, seafood civiche, sushi and a full bar. This has to be one of the best Buffets in Vegas.
2	This place was a big disappointment.  I had been waiting for a couple of years to try out Bellagio's buffet since there is all this hype around it on Yelp.  I love the Wynn buffet, so I figured that I would really enjoy Bellagio.  The Wynn it so much better.  After waiting in line for about an hour on a late Sunday evening, we didn't get seated until nearly 10 pm. We were then told that we had 30 minutes to eat becuase they start taking away the food at 10:30 and all the food is  gone by 10:35.  They should give people at least an hour to eat before they start taking away the food, or let folks know sooner about their food roundup schedule instead of waiting until AFTER people wait 1+ hours. Overall, the food quality and variety weren't on par with the price tag ($30 on a Sunday night).  I'd rather go to the Wynn or Studio B at the M Resort.
4	very respectable and fresh buffet. great selection of foods, and most of them were excellent. had delicious ravioli, pork sticky buns, crab, and more. the sushi was good but nothing to rave about, but they had a delicious ahi tuna poke that made up for any lack in the department. the buffet is on the expensive side, about $36/person, and the wait when we went around 6pm on a saturday night was about an hour and a half, but it was worth the wait. word of advice: leave yourself some time to nap after the buffet before you go out!
3	(+)- pesto mash potatoes- yorkshire pudding- choc coveredd strawberry- strawberry custart tart thing- cappucino-y mousse in a cup(-)- price increase- loooong wait- slow ass register machine- prime rib? (I think) way tooo bloody for meHey whats up with this price increase? 31 bucks for brunch this time? whyyyy. And it took forever and a day waiting for my credit card to be processed, probably why the line was so damn long.Food was ok, I feel like the variety here isnt as good as I thought it was. You better be eating a lot or else 31 bucks for this buffet isn't the best deal. But for sure get the pesto mash potatoes yummm!!
4	I have been to the Bellagio buffet at least a dozen times in the past.  It has always been the place to eat for me and my family when it comes to buffets in Las Vegas.  I brought my fiance here during our recent vacation over Labor Day weekend and it did not disappoint.  The wait was not too bad, maybe 30 minutes at 7pm on the Friday night.  I wasn't happy that they marked up the price only because it was a holiday weekend, nothing changed with the buffet that I noticed.Overall, the quality of the food was great, of course like with every buffet there are hits and misses.  One disappointment was their kobe beef.  Whenever you see kobe beef you think high quality meat that will melt in your mouth, well this kobe steak they advertised was grossly dry, and the slice I got was rare too!   They did have this skirt steak though, marinated in some great sauce with seasoning that was so tender, excellently prepared!  The rack of lamb was ok, had a lot of rosemary taste to it which was pleasant.  The peking duck surprisngly was very tasty.  At first we were both skeptical about the duck because the chef there didn't even seem to know how to chop it!  And of course, what we came for was perfect.  The prime rib was so rare and so tender, and well seasoned for taste.  The king crab legs, oh gosh, excellent!!  Makes me wonder why they even serve snow crab for.  Oh speaking of which, I was on my way back with dessert when I saw this guy, with a huge pile of snow crab legs, he saw the king crab legs and said something to his wife, and dumped all the snow crab back onto the pile and began hoarding king crab legs, so bad!The desserts were just ok here, the creme brulee was decent, the flan was just ok, fruit tart was tasty.Overall, I would have give this place a 5 star rating based on the prime rib, shrimp cocktail, and king crab legs alone as these are some of the best I have ever had at any buffet.  However due to the misses and lackluster dessert and mark up of the price with nothing extra special to show for it, I will have to give it a 4 star rating.  Still, I would come back every time I am in town for just the prime rib and king crab alone!7 - Ambiance (decent setting, dimly lit, huge layout)7 - Service (dishes were cleared out promptly, slow on drink refills)3 - Price (not happy the price was marked up with nothing special to show for it)9 - Portions (excellent variety of quality foods)9 - Quality (going off the big two of prime rib and king crab legs, fabulous)Dinner: Fri. Sep 2, 2011
4	The buffet was good...ample selection.....just did not like the fact they raised the price by 40% for labor day weekend.....talk about breakfast @ 32.99 per person...it was a little on the pricey side....but, food was good, and we enjoyed every dishes they had....
2	Stay away frm here! Save your $ and go some place else. I'm sitting in the buffet as i write this.  I was expecting alot frm the revs and i'm def not a picky eater by no means. The food here is mediocre at best. The sushi rolls are terrible. The crab legs are way salty. The dessert is jst ok. I would def not come back here. RIP OFF!
2	ew ew ew...what happened to this place?  It used to be one of the better buffets in Vegas.Came in for lunch buffet on a friday to very minimal selections.  Your basic brunch items were available (bacon, eggs florentine, scramble eggs) nothing exciting.   The carving station offered grilled flank steak, ribs, and chicken.  Flank steak was good, but ribs and chicken was dry.The asian station was also very limited, 2 veggie dishes, "chow main", fried rice, and an unusual take on Chicken Biryani.  The biryani was very gravy-ish...not quite the biryani I'm used to.Flavor-wise, there wasn't anything that stood out that would justify the long wait or the $20 price tag for lunch.
4	We came here based on all the previous praise from fellow Yelpers. It's a popular buffet, but the line went fast. After 25 minutes we were enjoying food from everywhere. Sushi, steak, pasta, mac and cheese (I have a special place in my heart reserved for it), salads, cheesecake and more. Unfortunately, we made it there for the last half hour of buffet time so the food wasn't as fresh as we were hoping, but overall, still delicious. (Be smarter than us and be there by 7:00.) Check out my photo of the lovely dessert shelves.
3	After the advice of many, decided to come here around 3pm since the line can be up to an hour.  That way, you pay the lunch price but can still linger around for dinner food ;)  Well, the line took just 15 minutes, so we were stuck with the lunch stuff for 45 minutes, and that was not impressive at all.  I kid you not.  Think one level above Hometown Buffet.But then...the dinner stuff came out, and that was great.  Crab legs already cracked for you!  All the good sushi!The creme brulee alone was a reason for me to come back though.  I think it might possibly be the best dessert I have ever tasted.But that was it.  I was expecting so much more.  It's the BELLAGIO, you know?  And so many people rave about it on Yelp and other sites.  I wish I could give it a higher rating but I just can't.
4	You will have to wait but it will be worth it.There was an amazing variety here and everything was prepared well.  The crab legs can be thrown into salty boiling water so they are hot and are already split.  Call me old-fashioned but I would prefer cracking them myself.  There was little that anybody at the table didn't like and the general consensus was that the sushi was not made well since the rice kept falling apart.  The spicy tuna roll was good though.  Also, we all got several desserts.  Most of them were delicious and very cute.Our server was great as well!  He gave us tips on how to maximize stomach space and kept us hydrated.  We were there for a holiday weekend so unfortunately we paid a higher price than normal.  However, I would definitely come back when I am in Vegas next.
3	I was slightly disappointed since a few people talked this place up to me. The meat cuts were very tasty (prime rib, yum) and I also loved the crab legs, but most of the other items didn't impress me. I thought the Spanish section was the best, but still it was just OK. This is the only buffet I've seen where they split the crab legs, and even though some people may prefer to crack it themselves, I liked that the meat was easily accessible. The desserts were quite good though, I especially enjoyed the panna cotta.
5	we went for dinner on saturday. the line was so long. i think we waited for about an hour or so. it was about $36 +18% gratuity since we had a party of 12. one of the guys was like 'if they dont have beef wellington, we're going some where else" so he walked in and checked. good thing because that beef wellington was so good! so tender and flavorful with the sauce on top. the shrimp cocktail was also good. their crab legs are cut long ways so you dont have to fuss with any cracking or getting your hands dirty. their creme brulee was also really good. they also have soft serve, one machine with vanilla and chocolate and the other machine with peach and raspberry sorbet. the sorbet was really good. they picked up our plates pretty fast and also refilled our drinks promptly. i think the bellagio buffet is still one of the top buffets in vegas.
5	Every food item you can possibly think of and more. This is the best buffet in Vegas and if you don't eat everything in sight until your gut busts open then you lose. Done and done.
2	i came, i waited in line forEVER, and the food was blah. and expensive.nope..
4	Long lines are a bummer but once you get in, the orgy of food is overwhelming. Went here for brunch with friends and I was amazed that I could have sushi alongside prime rib and an eggs benedict. I didn't necessarily eat them in that order but sometimes that's what Vegas buffets are supposed to be! They have a nice dessert bar too, could be bigger but still nice, if you still have room by the end of your meal, that is.
5	Say what you want about buffets, but to me when you are in Vegas, you MUST go to a buffet, at Bellagio that its, worth the price, worth the wait, even though on my most recent trip there was no wait, very surprised. There is constant comparison with this one to the one at Wynn, however this one is by far the best one as far as I know, and I have tried many on the strip. There is a tendency for the more upscale resorts to have the higher quality product and variety for those who are not aware, as I have tried to patronize the cheaper ones, and was not satisfied, you get what you pay for. I go for the "good stuff" rack of lamb, prime rib, beef wellington, Kobe beef, seafood items, ceviche, lobster. Why does everyone rave about king crab legs though? those salty and spongy little skinny things with not even alot of meat. I tried a little here a little there though as far as the other items, just for the sake of trying as many things as possible. I tried to stay away from the Japanese section, though as majority of the time, buffets tend not to be quite as authentic as one would expect. The sushi was okay, nothing special, accompanied by a seaweed type salad of some kind. The desserts were one of the best parts of the buffet, as the choices are good. I went for the chocolate eclairs, tiramisu, mini cakes, cones with a chocolate mousse and rasperry, strawberry cake. The desserts were good, nothing was too sweet. I then topped it off with a good cup of coffee. I would come back everytime!!!!!!!!
4	Went over a holiday weekend. Unfortunately, that meant the prices were higher - but they seemed to try to bring out the best at this time too.They advertised a "Kobe steak" bar, which I hit up on the first stop - I was excited about this, but unfortunately, this must not have been a good cut of kobe beef. First of all, I've had kobe beef ny strip steaks. You're probably looking at $90+ for a 12 oz steak. Whatever they were serving had no marbling of fat throughout the meat and it was dry and over cooked. Unfortunately, this steak was shadowed by their flank steak, which was much better prepared and more flavorful.Anyway, they also had king crab legs, snow crab legs, rack of lamb, and chilean sea bass, to name a few other favorites. Overall, the food quality was good, and the variety that the buffet offers definitely is appropriate for the amount that you pay. I might add that you might want to stay away from the sushi bar though - really the only part I'd say wasn't very good.My only advice is you definitely want to save room for dessert. As good as the food was, I'd say that the dessert was even better.
5	No complaints for a vegas buffet. We were lucky and got a line pass so got to have less wait in the buffet line. After coming in, saw some nice options: Host of seafood including huge king crab legs, endless amounts of salad. the only one down-side was the peking duck was really old and tough. We ended up not eating any of that. also liked the prime rib. They also offered kobe beef as well. I am a big fan of the dessert section for this buffet. Dessert comprised of eating as many macaroons as they placed out. It was the Vanilla Macaroon and I couldn't help but go back for seconds. It was off the hook! Wish they had gelato like the Wicked spoon, but the bellagio buffet will always remain one of my fave Vegas buffets.
4	Came for dinner and the buffet is amazing as I last remember!. Enough food but not overwhelming to where you can't take a bit of everything offered. The sushi, salmon poke and tuna poke were delicious. Surprisingly good consider it is a buffet.The dessert section is great. I mean glorious great. Lots of sweets offered. The creme burlee is good but it isn't warm- well yea it is sitting out for awhile. And there's an abundance of chocolate cover strawberries. OohhhMeeeGeee, forget eating real dinner food. Comatose from stuffing my face with chocokate cover strawberries.The cheesecake was also delicious. Nice soft texture.Our server was great. There was a birthday in our group and the server came out with a dessert plate and sang happy birthday to her! Loveeed It.
3	Been here for the lunch buffet a couple times.  I am not a brunch/buffet person so I just think any brunch or buffet is just so-so, no matter how pricey or great everyone else seems to think it is.  Something about all that food just sitting there and too many selections is overwhelming to me.  They definitely make bank on me-I struggle to pick at maybe 2 plates of picked at food.  The prime rib, corn chowder, and lox that was out  was actually pretty good. I did eat that! :)  The chinese food is terrible tho-don't even bother.
4	Really Great selection. Great coffee, bad deserts
4	I love the Bellagio buffet! But I hate its waits! But i guess its worth it for what your getting. They have so many different options its nuts. I guess its worth the wait and the price! Just be sure to eat as much as you can cause it isn't cheap! The thing that I mostly love about their buffet is the meats and the dessert! I will always come back to the Bellagio buffet. Not to mention walking through there hotel is nice also. Very great ambiance and they have the largest chocolate fountain located inside the casino. If you want a spacious place to eat with your family and you don't mind spending a lot and eating great food! Come here because this place is supposedly one of the biggest and best buffets in the world.
2	Too long of a wait and too expensive for what it was. The food really wasn't that good.The staff was good. Next time in Vegas I won't go back
4	This buffet is actually really good.  Lunch was $20; which isn't bad at all for what you get.As expected, there's a huge variety of good to great tasting food.  The range of nationalities to choose from here isn't as diverse as a lot of other Las Vegas buffets, but the selection is still impressively vast.I personally would recommend the roasted chicken (melts in your mouth), and of all things, the sliders (both the beef and the turkey)!TIP: If you gamble enough, use your MGM player's card at the register to get your meal partially/fully comped.TIP #2: As with all buffets, if it fits into your schedule, try to time your entrance into the buffet for the very end of lunch.  This way, they'll be bringing out the (pricier) dinner items, and you will have paid the lunch price!  ;)
4	The best buffet that I had during my recent trip to Las Vegas.  The other two buffets that I tried were More at Luxor and Buffet at the Aria.  Those both pare in comparison to this buffet.  While I had no line to wait in at more the buffet at Aria had a long line as did the Bellagio buffet when we arrived at a little before 4.  While there was a line it moved fairly quickly and we were seated within 30 minutes.  Once getting past the hostess and were showed to our seats it is a wonder to me why there is even a line.  More than half of the room we were sitting in was empty and it seemed there were more than enough servers and bussers to handle this size room.  Well getting past all of these things and getting to the food.  The choices seemed like they were endless.  The buffet line runs the backside of the wall and pretty much runs from one side of the dining room to the other.  They had:Kobe beefPrime ribpork lointurkeyking crab legssnow crab legssushi pokebreadssoupssalad barand the list could go on and on. (And all of this for $26 a head.Almost everything that I tried here was delicious except for the crab legs and the kobe beef.  It is a shame what they did to the kobe beef it wasn't tender or juicy but dry and bland.  The chef that cooked this meat should be fired as it is the worst peace of steak I have ever had.  It tasted so bad I wasn't even sure if it was Kobe beef or not.  Another shame is the crab legs, these things tasted like they had been soaked in salt water over night and were the saltiest crab legs I have ever tried.  Getting away from these two bad things the service was excellent and all of the other entrees that I have were just spectacular.  Won't be back to this buffet for a while as there are still many more in Las Vegas to try.  But one of the better buffets I had during my recent trip.
4	Definitely one of the best buffet in Vegas. Lots of variety, fine dishes. Highly recommended.On the pricier range but from sushis to lamb chips to crab legs to steak, you get it all.
4	Come on Friday or Saturday for dinner because those are the only nights that they serve their amazing beef wellington.Also, their tea selection is good quality and comes with a cute mini honey container.  If you enjoy drinking tea, you might want to consider ordering some since it is included with the meal.
5	Please...Just.... Just do yourself a favor and come to this buffet for brunch. It's so. good. If you are in Vegas, and you need a big meal to fill you up for the day, for the love of food COME TO THIS BUFFET! We went Sunday morning around 11:30ish and the line was crazy long. But if you take turns gambling on the nearby slots while you wait, it's not so bad. Just make sure you still have money to pay for the buffet, because it's pricey. FOR SURE make sure you have an extra $5 (that's right, FIVE DOLLARS) to make it a champagne brunch. You'll get the choice of both breakfast and lunch, so if you take your time, you can really have two meals while you're there.Nothing is more American than a buffet. Especially this buffet, where you can get breakfast AND lunch AND dessert. So load up that plate full of things you'll take 2 bites of, and live that American dream!--Tip: I think if you sign up for their "M Life" club or something like that, you can avoid the super long line. Wish we would have figured that out earlier.
5	I have yet to eat lunch or dinner here, but their breakfast is phenomenal. I make it a point to eat breakfast here every time I am in Las Vegas. This is the best breakfast buffet I have had. The food is great, even for picky eaters or those with nut allergies, and the people are really nice. It is worth the wait and the price.
4	Sunday Brunch is too crowded so I recommend here for weekday lunch.  Good food!
4	The king crab was split not cracked....hot clarified butter,,,,,awesome!!! The shrimp- maybe 16-20s were peeled on ice and very good. Good cocktail sauce. Sushi was freshly made and good. The spicy tuna roll was delicious and very spicy. The steak tartare on toast point seriously kicked butt.The salmon with bbq maple glaze=good, beef bourguignon=very good, cous cous and tabouli= very good, aspargus=mmm.The Kobe sirloin not was too tough to eat. I used to raise Wagyu cattle by the way. I have had a few (tons) of it for comparison.The desserts were excellent especially the esspresso chocolate mousse thing shooter.So far this is the best buffet I have had in Vegas and was a great deal for 32 bucks. I still have to try the Wynn and Wicked Spoon. Our server was also great.
2	I checked with the best buffets in Las Vegas and it gave Bellagio Buffet a #2 ranking. I went there 9/28/11 for lunch. I did not find a item I enjoyed at all. Everything was plain to  me.The Kobe beef and St. Louis rib are both dry, not juicy. Not better than the roast beef or ribs at Country Buffet or Golden Corral. The price is more than double than those places. The sweets are good but not worthy of the high classy name of Bellagio. Would I go back there again, No.
4	My second favorite buffet is vegas!!! (#1 is Studio B)I took Kimberly K's awesome advice to take advantage of lunch prices for dinner.  So basically this was my first stop driving into vegas on a Tuesday and we arrived about 30 minutes before lunch was about to end.Got in for lunch price at $20 and got to eat dinner as well, which is normally $30.  Paying for 5 people, it was a $50 savings!PRICES: as of 9/6/11  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujHiaprwCQ5ewziu0Vi9rw?select=O5p34DZJZrd9YRIoHpREMQBreakfast : M-F 6am to 11am = $16Lunch: M-F  11am-4pm = $20Dinner Sun-Th  4pm-10pm = $30Gourmet Dinner Fri/Sat  4pm-10pm $37Weekend Brunch 7am-4pm  $25    (with champagne = $30)The most important part for me is that they have a pretty good dessert selection : These were my pickings :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujHiaprwCQ5ewziu0Vi9rw?select=aBragtXmC5EWj12o632S-AThey had: CREME BRULEE, soft serve, banana foster, bread pudding, cute little cone things, carrot cake, tiramisu, cheesecake, chocolate cake, tarts, flan. Ofcourse these were not superb desserts like u would find at jean philippes. But for buffet desserts, i think this is way better than most. Way better than Wynn buffet, which i thought was bad overall. Didn't see any chocolate covered strawberries tho. :( Meats and Seafood:Kobe Top Round, Prime Rib, Ham, Roast Chicken, Turkey. (my fave was the top round)Snow Crab Legs, King Crab Legs, Shrimp Cocktail. *crab was a bit salty and not super fresh. but it really didnt' stop anyone for getting heaping piles of it. Other stuff they had was Salmon Teriyaki, Miso Chilean Seabass, 3 kinds of mashpotatoes including sweet potato- my fave was the pesto mash potatoes. A few different salads, which werent' that great. pasta salads, soups, chashu bao, salmon and tuna sushi and poke, CA rolls, sliders (meh), pizza, mac and cheese, sausageI've been to this buffet probably about 5 times over the years, and it's been pretty consistently good IMO. Unfortunately prices keep going up and lines can get ridiculously long. If it were the weekend, i would prefer going to SB, but if i'm here during the weekday, i would definitely recommend coming here for a late lunch/early dinner!!!
4	If you had only one buffet to eat at in Vegas, you'll want to spend it here. Although, you may wait an hour and a half like I did...you won't be sorry. The wait is the worst part because there are no chairs and your legs begin to hurt, but the pain in your legs start overpowering your growling stomach and you soon forget how hungry you are....um, never mind. You don't forget your hunger, you just get hurting legs too. Note: if you have one of their memberships you can skip the lines and go right in.Once you are in, welcome to all-you-can-eat heaven! Seriously, plan to spend your time just eating...make it an event! There are several stations representing all the food groups...especially the sugar group! The desserts are beautiful! It's pretty crowded, but they continue to replenish the food so no one is missing out. They have a sushi station, more hearty food for your meat-eaters, soups, salads...and lots more! The prices are steep, but it's a great buffet and worth your money if you take your time and eat everything.
4	My fiance and I came here on a Friday night over a Labor Day weekend.  Because of that, all buffet marked up their prices for Gourmet weekend.  At $45, this place was really crowded.  My fiance and I waited about 30 minutes before we were seated.They have a huge variety of food and they were very tasty.  The prime rib, lamb, etc were very tasty with the except of kobe beef.  It was very dried to a point that I couldn't even tell it's kobe beef.  Kobe beef was supposed to be higher rated yet they made it taste like regular beef, so sad!!  Best thing was they have King Crab and snow crab legs.  My fiance told me there was this dude initially took a plate full of snow crab legs then saw that there was King Crab legs.  He turned around and dumped back his snow crab and proceeded to get King Crab.  So, just watch up for people like this!Their dessert station was not as impressive as Wynn since their main stuff was pretty tasty.  I'm not going to hold them against on dessert station.
2	So so so Dissapointing!!! My friend and I came for a late lunch on Monday, and paid the $19.99. You can also use your M Life rewards card to pay off the buffet, and include a credit card tip when paying as well. It wasn't too packed around 3 PM, and we were starving! We started with the salad bar, and then the side dishes for the meat, some pasta, some Chinese food, and the sad sad sushi bar. Lastly, the dessert bar.So the Bellagio buffet is smaller than I had imagined, and isn't fancy inside like the Wynn. Our server was nice, brought us our drinks, and constantly took away our plates. So salad bar was typical, the sides we enjoyed were the broccolini, mashed potatoes and turkey gravy (a bit on the salty side), and the creamed spinach. I actually did not eat any of the meats, so I cannot vouch for that. The pastas were all overcooked and no good. I also noticed they had a lot of pesto options available, which is one of my favorites, but it was just mediocre. The pizza selection...there were about 8 different pizzas, but all were just drab. The pesto shrimp was the only one that was okay. The pepperoni was incredibly greasy and had a funky smell to it. There was a bacon and onion thin crust and it tasted so off. I also tried a vegetarian one with goat cheese, spinach and mushrooms, just okay too. The Chinese selection was the typical chow mein, fried rice, bok choy, and wonton soup. Chow mein and fried rice, just your typical buffet options. My friend said the wontons tasted like cardboard, so I didn't even try. Sushi...for lunch, all they had was california roll and vegetable rolls. At dinner time, they put out salmon and tuna nigri, and salmon and ahi poke salad. The salads were swimming in a sea of the Chinese hot sauce, and that's all it tasted like. I had my friend try, and she spit it out. We rolled into dinner time, and there wasn't that huge of a difference, except there were more people coming through. They brought out the king crab legs, and I never get this, but decided to, hoping something would redeem for this crappy experience. My crab was frozen. I let it thaw, and showed my friend the ice chips falling off. She got a non-frozen piece but said it was too salty. Desserts, ample selection. Their bread pudding is pretty good. Carrot cake is so sweet and not good. Eclairs have chocolate inside too, so too chocolate-y. The key lime tart was not good. The only ones that were okay were the mini fruit tart and white chocolate in a mini waffle cone (surprisingly not sweet). My friend and I were very dissapointed and would definitley not come back again.
4	The Bellagio buffet is probably one of the best, if not the best, buffet in Vegas. There is a reason why you will probably wait an hour for the Saturday brunch buffet. The buffet is massive and has offering such as lox, bagels, eggs, pasta, Chinese food, sushi, Vietnamese spring rolls, steamed shrimp, salads, and a good carving station. We also got the champagne Saturday brunch which also featured bottomless champagne for $30 ($25 for buffet only).The lox were very fresh and not fishy. I wouldn't expect such high quality lox at a buffet, but it was a pleasant surprise. The Vietnamese springs rolls were also awesome. I tried the eggs benedict which were good, as well as items from the carving station. The only miss was probably the Chinese food. It was a worse than hole-in-the-wall Chinese, primarily because of the amount of oil present in each dish and the lack of quality sauces and preparation. Everything else was top notch though. This buffet definitely trumps any others that I have been to, including the Paris buffet, which I also liked quite a bit.
3	I'm reviewing from my recent experience eating here. We came here after watching O (GREAT SHOW) and once we entered, we chowed down. There was a pretty nice variety of food but overall the food was just ok.Since I LOVE desserts I tried all of their desserts which was not disappointing but again, nothing I would try more then once.
5	**Tips**       - Price - They don't empty out the buffet during price changes so Friday at 3:45pm would be the best. You'd get a $37 buffet for $20.       - Crab Legs - They had snow crab legs on the left side and both snow crab and king crab legs on the right when I went. Be sure you're getting the one you like.       - Hot Crab Legs - If you grab a plate of crab legs, you can go over to the omelet station next to the Asian foods and ask them to heat it up for you. I don't really like cold crab legs, so this is a must for me.       - Desserts - I know it's tempting to stuff yourself with all the great food, but don't forget to leave some room for dessert. They have a huge spread.**Price**       - $15.95 Mon-Fri 7am-11am Breakfast       - $19.95 Mon-Fri 11am-4pm Lunch       - $29.95 Sun-Thurs 4pm-10pm Dinner       - $36.95 Fri-Sat 4pm-10pm Gourmet Dinner       - $24.95 Sat-Sun 7am-4pm Brunch**Must Haves**       - Snow Crab Legs/King Crab Legs - They're split for you so it's easier to get to the meat. If you don't warm them up though, sometimes they have ice on them.       - Dessert - Their assortment of desserts are one of the best in town. Creme Brule is my favorite.       - Three Carving Stations - Their meats vary from day to day. I've had good and bad experiences, so I'd suggest going and getting a little from each to see which you like. On the weekend gourmet dinner, they usually have something exotic like elk or ostrich.       - Shrimp - Their shrimps are usually large and plump.       - Chilean Sea Bass - They served it with some kind of teriyaki-like sauce. Probably the best fish I've ever had.**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a great dinner buffet on the strip.
3	why does this place have that many stars? maybe i don't like buffets all that much because i dont want to eat my weights worth of food and try to only eat the really expensive crap. but the expensive crap is always the worst tasting crap at buffets. i don't want to pay $40+ if i'm going to get an over cooked and tough prime rib. and i don't want to go and eat slimy poke. nor do i want to have half cut crab legs that were either too salted as they were being cooked or somehow seasoned with... something... that makes it overly sweet. but it does have its perks. you get delicious desserts. their lox is actually pretty good. and their salad options are quite delicious. i enjoyed the pork wrapped in a bread like crust. and if you go at certain hours, its cheaper and no line. avoid the sushi. if you want good sushi, go to a sushi restaurant that has... good fish. if you think that this is the best buffet in las vegas, you have something wrong with your taste buds. sure, they have some good foods that are belly busters like the pastas and desserts... but if you want really good buffets, go off the strip a bit and go to the M. yes, i will write a review for there.
3	Food: Okay (the salmon and ribs were good; so were the desserts, everything else - so so)Price: $20/person for lunch. You can get better deals than this for lunch on the strip (for the quality of food)Service: Poor. The waiters were very nice, but the staff that seats you (at the front, were unpleasant)
1	I was at The Buffet and was happy as always..I love buffet and heard this was the best one in las vegas.  So a  me and a few friends waited in line for almost 2 hrs before getting into The Buffet.  Excited like a little kid in a candy store until a friend found a worm in the food.. YES a worm and it was trying to make a run for it.  The worm was still moving on his plate of food.  All of us stopped eating and report this to one of the worker hoping they would do something about it. The only thing they did was said the manger is busy and for us to take our money and leave.  So to cut thing short no way me or my friends will eat there again.  My friend record the worm moving on the plate and yes it will be on youtube and face book.  Can believe Bellagio would allow something like that to happen and do nothing about it..SO SAD!!!!!
4	Hands down the best Buffet I tried in Vegas (by a long shot) - and at $32 per person pretty reasonable- come on folks it's Vegas! We got there early which was great since there seems to be quite a line otherwise.I thought the carving stations were by far the best! All of the meat was cooked perfectly and seasoned to perfection! The salads actually are quite delicious too- and usually that's something I steer clear from in a buffet- but don't miss out! Desserts were excellent - my favorite being the Tiramisu. What to avoid:Cold crab legs :/ Ugh! What a disappointment, I usually love crab legs and I do not want them served on ice or re-heated for that matter. This alone was reason for minus one star. The sushi was also not very delicious. They had some sashimi which was a little mushy but I can't complain a lot here because I don't think sushi stands much of a chance when served buffet-style.
1	Chaos...bad food...nothing special about it...not worth paying!!!
1	Me and couple buddies went to vegas for a bachlor party this past weekend and everyone decided to go to the buffet at the bellagio.  After 2 hours waiting in line we finally got in, we went n got our first plate of food and barely took 3 bites and one of our guys found a live wiggling worm on his plate (you can see this video on youtube under "worm at bellagio buffet").  After we all took a look at this worm we all stop eating and the guy that found it went n puked.  We ask to speak with the manager but instead they send out their chef with a cast on her arm and all she did was say sorry and hurry took the plate away, but we insist to speak with the manager because we waited 2 hours and paid our way in and now we dont want to eat there anymore.  I say we waited for 20 mins or so and still no manager then we jus ask to get our money back and go somewhere else. the point is just cuz we are not a "diamond card" holder or a "VIP" that doesnt mean we get treat like shit, we are still a pay customer at their buffet. NEVER GOING TO EAT THERE AGAIN
4	Brace yourself...if you're a champagne/mimosa fiend, an extra 5 bucks to your bill during brunch will get you bottomless champagne/mimosa. How can you go wrong with that? Unless you walk out of the buffet a hot mess after WAYYYY too many, I must say, this was the nicest touch to my brunch experience here :P. As of the choices, it's very typical menu options you can find at any other buffet. What stands out is the high quality and how oh so fresh the items are here. I can't say the Bellagio buffet is THE BEST but it's one of my top buffets. It's rated a 4.75/5 overall for me. Oh, and shoutout to the hosts/hostesses because they were able to allow me to surpass the 30 min wait to be with my friends who were already situated in the dining hall. Much love to non-douchy hospitality. :)
4	Yes! Do yourself the favor and ADD the Bottomless Mimosa's or Bloody Marys to your already much needed brunch. Like to say a BIG THANK YOU to CELSO from the Bar area that made my experience at this buffet a memorable one, this fella is awesome, great attitude and a great server, I never for once had a empty Mimosa glass, and that really speaks volumes, yes, i am at the bar, yes the bar holds about less then 20 seats, but he and his associates have to serve all drinks to this big buffet room, and like i said, never had a empty glass, I love it! Love It! The food was to be honest okay, nothing really stood out, it is a buffet, I had a few things and they were OK, but i was there for The Game of Drink not to fill my tummy with food. Got a doggy bag too - no food ;0) So if you stay there of course you will try but if your near there and want to have a ball trust me, try this cool buffet because you will not regret the BUZZ! Later!
2	I don't know what the big deal about the Bellagio's buffet was.  The line was ridonkulus and the food was "aite" at best.  The buffet was better than most that I've been to in Vegas but far from spectacular.The price was no different from what you would expect in Vegas so don't be too shocked.  You can't really go to Vegas and expect anything too cheap.The selection was decent, but after a few trips back and forth, you find yourself seeing all the same stuff over and over again.  I'm not a huge fan of crab legs, but I know most people are.  They're really smart about their crab legs here.  They split them down the middle so you don't have to worry about cracking open the shell.  They're all cooled at the buffet, but you can get a plate full and ask the chefs to boiling them for you.  I definitely recommend that you do that.Another item that stood out was their prime rib.  It's really tender and prepared well.  Grab a few of the side items too because they compliment the meal.
5	this is by far the best AYCE buffet in las vegas. i have been to just about the top buffets on the strip and none of them comes close to the bellagio. the only buffet that tops bellagio is the infamous ballys sterling brunch which is only served on sundays. quality of the product is fresh & goodthe price is very reasonable and the service is good as well by being a buffet. i always make a visit to bellagio buffet when i come visit! never ever dissapoints me! keep up the good work boys!!!
4	Buffets for me are hard because I have a hard time eating large quantities. Yes I am aware that makes me sound like a prissy bitch. But seriously I cannot just overstuff my stomach to the point of near explosion like some people can. I will literally throw up. So buffets are generally a no go, but the group I went with wanted to go and it was only 25 dollars for Sunday Brunch (no champagne, which was fine because I was the walking dead). Overall, really great food to choose from. Great salad bar. A ton of pizza. I wanted to try every type of pizza, but obviously couldn't because I was full after my salad. Raspberry sorbet. Cons: Long line! Sub-zero temperatures so I was really uncomfortable. Probably would have hung out till dinner time had I been more comfy.
3	I'm not sure if it was the really high expectations coming here, but I was slightly disappointed. Don't get me wrong, my meal was good. It just wasn't great. There is a lot of hype, and long lines to get in here. I had also been recommended by friends. I like the really wide selection of food, and it's a good price for a person who can eat a lot. I didn't think anything was outstanding, or worthy of major hype. Maybe I caught this place on an off-night? I have just had better meals in Las Vegas, and I thought the buffet at the Cosmopolitan was better. It definitely wasn't bad though, and if there were no long line, I would come back.
5	I've only been to a handful of AYCE's in Vegas and this is the tops so far.The carved meat and the fruit stood out particularly for us and deserve this shout out.Smoked salmon and sushi and the desserts get an honorable mention.However everything here was excellent from the service through to the execution.Other places could learn many a thing from the Buffet at Bellagio.
5	EXCELLENT buffet :)The only part of the buffet that I didn't quite enjoy was the Asian selection...but hey...the rest of it made up for it all the way!**Pesto mashed potatoes were BOMB!!!!**
3	Definitely not the best Vegas has to offer. Everything is just so-so, but the bottomless mimosas are an intriguing option. The selection isn't as vast as Wynn, but considering the cheaper price, I guess that's acceptable.
1	They need to rename this the Barffet at Bellagio.  This buffet sucks fatty balls.
4	Great buffet! Very well put together and neat! not too many kids running around everywhere with their hands in the food! Great selection of pretty much everything, the eggs benedict was delish! I would definitely come back here!
5	My favorite buffet in vegas. Seriously, even the diet coke tastes better here. I visit vegas often and ALWAYS try to talk people into going here. Never had a bad experience at this place.
3	at first the buffet looked beaUtiful.  of course it better BE for that price. the food was delecious.  baked chicken, pizza, and pasta yum.  i guess we got there very late because the dessert was drying up and tasted stale.  i don't think my husband and i had the correct stomachs for all the rich food, so we ended up getting sick.overall it was ok, the rio "carnival buffet"  was the best.  to bad we went our last day.  can't wait to go again!!!!!!
5	You go Bellagio...nothing but high class proteins as far as the mouth can drool!  We went for their Saturday night gourmet buffet dinner and OMG was it freaking good!!!  Name your surf and/or turf and I swear they had it as an option.  King crab, snow crab, several different mussel dishes, ceviche, sushi, several types of fish, rack of lamb, steak, prime rib etc.  We where challenging ourselves to find a chicken dish and the six of us couldn't find one anywhere on the spread!  Also, no matter what we tried was made with top quality ingredients and very fresh.  For under $40 before tax and tip this is a huge, huge value for your money.  You must go even if you're not a fan of Buffets.
5	BEST. BUFFET. VEGAS. That's it. All the buffets in Vegas has a ridiculous selection of food. Bellagio Buffet is no different. However, the QUALITY of the food is what makes them BETTER. Everything tastes GREAT. YUMMY. DELICIOUS. And with other buffets... the food tastes cheap... you get a sore tummy afterwards, and you want to (excuse my language) take a crap when you get back to the room.Salads, cheeses, fruit, asian, italian, american, seafood, carving station, desserts, etc etc... There's too much to list. YOU HAVE TO EAT AT THIS BUFFET. It's worth it!!! You won't be disappointed!
5	My husband and I just had our wedding ceremony at The Bellagio (beautiful) and chose to have our reception at The Bellagio Buffet.As for the pre-planning, that was done with Tami M., the buffet Manager.   It ended up that we were not going to hit our minimum and she ended up coming up with a solution so that we got the most bang for our buck   ie adding linen table cloths, preparing a wedding cake, putting boxes of chocolates on the tables for each guest, adding one mixed drink to be included with the price of the buffet and putting flowers on all of the tables.Everything was AWESOME!!!!    I don't even know where to start.   Once all of our guests were gathered in front of the restaurant, someone came out and walked us back to the room.  He was very friendly and made us feel like we were the first group (32 guests including my husband and I)  to ever come in there.  We were pleasantly surprised that  we were actually going to have a room, we thought it would just be an area in the restaurant that was sectioned off for us.  Loved it!The service was outstanding, it seemed like there was one server for every couple of people and none of the guests had to wait for anything--the servers were literally waiting for us and started taking drink orders immediately.  My husband and I felt like royalty at our own, special, table with our own server--he was great and a good sport (some of my friends are a little crazy).   Every time my husband or I needed another drink, or anything for that matter, it seemed like he was right there waiting to serve us.   Guests are STILL talking about how good the food was and how the service was better than what they expected at a buffet.       We were actually in the space later than we were suppose to be, until about 10:45, our contract said we only had the room until 10:00 pm.   None of the waitstaff said a word.   The cake was delicious, we weren't exactly sure on the timing as to when to cut it and by the time we did most of the guests had already gotten dessert from the buffet.  SO, we ended up having the bottom layer and the top layer to take back to our room.    Tami and her team  helped to contribute to our special day by providing an outstanding level of service and great attention to detail.   We didn't have to worry about anything and had an amazing evening with our family and friends.   I sincerely appreciate how well they took care of us!    It was better than I could have imagined and my husband and I will cherish that memory forever.
3	My friends and I had heard that The Buffet at Bellagio was awesome so we had to try it out.It was Sunday lunch/dinner when my friends and I came in. It was towards dinner time like around 4 when we decided to hit it up to eat lunch. No long wait in line so that is a plus.They had prime rib for the main course (though I was still full at the time from lunch) and mainly I ate crab legs to get more bang for my buck. Initially, I was kind of disappointed that the crab legs were cold but later I found out that I can ask to get it steamed. Quite variety of foods though I was not in the mood to eat cuz I was still full.Overall, main course and desserts was good. I thought Aria buffet was a little more upscale and more selections.
5	5 stars alone for the Alaskan king crab legs.  That's all I pretty much ate.  Due to the holiday weekend, we had to wait a bit to get a table and pay more but when we did, we got to relax and take our time eating.  Steamed Alaskan king crab for me please! The sushi was meh.  So disappointing because they looked good but tasted boring.  There was such a huge variety of food that I feel badly I didn't eat anything but the crab legs.  Oh well. I guess I will just have to go back.
3	Checked this place out on a Sunday afternoon.Be prepared for a super, super long line - I think we waited for a whole hour as our stomachs growled.  On the bright side, I was surrounded by slot machines which gave me something to do.  On the down side again....I was robbed of $15 to the slot machines.After an eternal hungry long hour, we finally made it to the cashier line.  $25ish bucks for Sunday brunch and unlimited champagne is an additional $5.  I opted for the champagne as drinking mimosas while stuffing ones face sounded like a pretty good plan.  We were quite relieved to finally get inside and be seated.  From a visual standpoint, I somewhat expected a fancier buffet being that it was the Bellagio, but everything was pretty standard.  I cruised through - checking to see what goodies were up for grabs.  I saw:  prime rib, pizza, pasta, cocktail shrimp, around 4 selections of sushi, different variety of potatoes,  fish (no idea what kind since I don't fancy fish), spring rolls, miso soup, ham, turkey, Belgium waffles, scrambled eggs, cereal, oatmeal, etc.  Desserts included chocolate eclairs, flan, cheesecake, tarts, cookies, etc.    Overall the food quality was good+.  However; I had a hard time finding stuff that I actually wanted to eat.The sushi selection was really boring and quality was OK.  If you're a sushi lover, you'll probably be disappointed with their brunch selection.  We got in around 2 and ended up still being there by the time dinner rolled around (4pm).  Since we were too full, we couldn't take advantage of the dinner items.  It's probably a good strategy to come in late to pay the lunch rate to get the dinner selection.Overall, this place was OK.  While the quality was good+, I couldn't find foods that just wooed me.  I had to circle the buffet several times in order to fill my empty plate.
2	A friend of mine was getting married in Vegas on Halloween, so I felt it was a good enough excuse to go to Vegas.Months before the trip, I had been researching and reading tons of reviews on different restaurants and bars. I know I wanted to do at least one buffet, and for the most part, the internets told me to go to the Bellagio Buffet. Me and my boyfriend went on a Saturday night, and it was pretty disappointing. First, we had to wait about twenty minutes. It's not a long wait, but when we finally were seated, we passed probably abut 20 empty tables. I'm not sure if this has to do with being under staffed, or if it has to do with them saving tables for the 'invited guests', but I felt the twenty minute wait was unnecessary. Then getting through the buffet line was a hassle in itself. There wasn't a lot of open space between the dessert island and the actual buffet. It was like a herd of cattle trying to make their way to the food. The layout of the buffet is good, it just needs to be more spread out.And then there's the issue with the carving stations. I think this was one of the reasons why the buffet area was so congested. The people handling the carving stations were half assing it. They weren't working diligently to help people. They would carve some meat for someone, then walk away. Or they would be handling two different carving stations. Once again, I'm not sure if they were understaffed, but it was 6 pm on a Saturday. The Buffet should know to expect a lot of people during this time and should plan their staff accordingly. I was willing to ignore the wait and the layout of the buffet, because I felt the food would make up for the wait. Wrong. First, I was really excited to try Kobe Beef. I've never had it. So this was the first thing I went up and got. So I bring it back to my table, and the only knife I have is a lousy butter knife. I went up to look for a steak knife, and they didn't have any. Have you ever tried to cut steak with a butter knife? Butter knives are not meant for steak, hence they are called butter knives, and not steak knives. Anyway... I was determined to try kobe beef, so I battled on with this butter knife. Wikipedia says that Kobe beef refers to the meat as "generally considered to be a delicacy, renowned for its flavour, tenderness, and fatty, well-marbled texture." At the Bellagio however, the meat was really tough. I struggled with my butter knife to cut this piece of flesh, and when I was eating it, I felt like I was eating warmed up raw meat. It was not tender at all, and I had to chew it a lot. Maybe I'm food retarded, but I didn't think this meat was anything to praise. I didn't even finish it.Next up, I tried the prime rib. I love a good prime rib. The prime rib at the Bellagio Buffet was very fatty and very generic as far as buffets go. I still ate it, because I like prime rib...but it was still ehhhhh. I had better prime rib at Ellis Island. I had some other assorted food, that was all very meh. Yes they have all you can eat crab legs, but they were cold and there was hardly any meat to each leg. Yes they had cold shrimp, but I can get that anywhere. The desserts weren't that great either. This was another thing I was looking forward to. I had been drooling over yelp pictures for weeks before I went to Vegas, however, when I was finally at the buffet, I felt like there wasn't as much of a selection from what I saw on the pictures on yelp.Anyway, this buffet was average. It should have probably been about ten dollars cheaper. If you want good quality  food, you might as well go to a regular restaurant for the same price. I will not be returning.
3	this is a pretty popular buffet. everybody knows this buffet at vegas~ i went there on saturday...we try to get in be4 4pm, so we can pay lunch price but have dinner food~ the food was not bad, but nothing surprise. the king crab legs were toooo salty, the snow crab legs are better. desserts are not bad. Wynn has better dessert, but bellagio has more choices on food. sushi at bellagio were suck! looks like the sushi u make at home. i think with that price, i rather have buffet in bay area~ haha!!!! i love wicked spoon more~ go for their brunch buffet! you will love it. hoho....
5	Where do I start, eggs Benedict, Kobe beef, st Louis ribs, tortellini, Sliders, bread pudding, sushi, dessert bar, mussels, omg!!
5	To date, this is the best buffet i have ever been to. All around perfection. I have eaten here at least 5 times and will definitely go back.Yes, the line will be long if your not staying with the Bellagio. It sucks but 100% worth the wait. Another slight drawback is the cost. About $35 for dinner, but this is cheap as hell for a 5 star dinner.Staff is very friendly but not too intrusive. Tables are cleaned quick and they are always around if u need something.Now the food! King crab legs, all you can eat. A pound of these things is $15 At the market, easy. A sushi station with pre-made sushi or you can get some specialty hand rolls. Perfect prime beef. And a desert bar that will make you cry it is so vast.Last time i went here i was sick and miserable (with a cold) and i still enjoyed myself. Unless your budget is very tight go here! The variety is so vast you can eat here almost every night, i did.
5	Awarded best buffet in town. Rightly so. Quality is second to none. Food fit for a President or a king. Also a large selection and variety. Mandalay Bay has similar quality but not the selection. Everything here is top notch and nothing was less than superb. Service of drinks was top notch too. Buffet price is high but I do not mind getting what I pay for. The quality can support the high price. Last few times I was here, the line to enter has been shorter. Last time, there was not a wait. Spend some money and experience this wonderful buffet.
4	I love a good Vegas Buffet... it's a staple that you need during your weekend or weeklong bender. It's the cure for a hangover. It's also a great way to fill yourself up when you're not sure what you even want to eat. When I go, I always have what I call "The Noah's Ark" - as you can imagine, this is where I put two of every animal in my belly. Bellagio is one of my favorite Buffets. I like Treasure Island and Mirage buffets as well - wasn't too keen on Aria's. Some of the best buffets can be had outside of the strip, but we're here to talk about Bellagio...This casino is beautiful - the walk to get the the buffet is pleasant - we usually travel past the garden that they change seasonally. It's touristy, but it sets the mood. I also appreciate that the Bellagio casino doesn't smell as overwhelming of old lady perfume and cigarette smoke as others on the strip.The line for this is INSANE if you show up during peak hours - here's a tip - after you check out, have your hotel hang on to your bags and get some shopping done or have a nice walk before heading over there. If you go between 10 and 2, you're waiting at least an hour. Either that or bump your mlife card up to a pearl or higher to cut the line. Gamble, gamble gamble...Half the time I"ve been here, it's been amazing - 5 star all the way... the other times, it has been merely a 3 star experience. Mirage is more reliable, but not as good when both are at their best.If you've never had a Vegas buffet, this is a solid pick to be your first. If you're a veteran to it, you should really give this place a try as well.
5	Wow... so for the second night in Vegas for the first time in my life... we went to The Buffet at the Bellagio.  The line wasn't extremely long from the front, even on a Friday night.  We did get there pretty early around 6:30, which gave us enough time for our 10pm show.  Once we paid, we were promptly seated.  This place is huge.  We quickly went to get our first plates (yes, PLATES, plural) of food.  I went straight for some veggies, fish, slice of pizza, crab legs.  There are maybe about five to seven buffets... Sushi/Salads/Mediterranean; Meats (Turkey, Kobe Beef, Rack of Lamb, Prime Rib) which also has the asparagus, mushrooms, mash potatoes; Italian (pizzas, pesto pasta, ravioli, lasagna type thing); Asian (fried rice, fish...etc.); and a few other buffets that I didn't want to try.  The desserts are phenomenal!  The must-trys are the creme brulee and the sorbets (raspberry and peach).  They had a lot of unique pastries as well.  Overall, I'd definitely eat here again... but be willing to fork out close to $100 for two people.
3	We came here for dinner: ~$40 / person.Good:+ Service: The waitress that I assume was in charge of the area I was in was super fast with drinks! She never had to be reminded/asked for refills. I just turned around and my cup was full.  It was magical.+ Food: TONS of variety! Each section was pretty huge (i.e. meats, Asian foods, desserts, etc.). Satisfactory taste. + Atmosphere: Bright, plenty of seating areas.Bad:- Service: I stepped on and tripped over food that had fallen on the ground about 3 times. Yuck. Clean up on aisle-everywhere, please. Also, for a crazy amount of workers here, the time waiting in line was too long. Not worth it.- Price: Pretty pricey for a just-ok experience. - Food: For the price we paid, my experience here was ok. There was a lot to choose from, but most of the things I ate were only ok. For the price we paid, I was hoping to be wowed!- Atmosphere: Decor had a 90's feel. They need to update. Also, everything feels so crammed together--I was literally dodging people everywhere I went. Women's bathroom only had 3 stalls too, I believe.  Too small for a buffet, in my opinion.I wouldn't recommend this place unless you're lazy to go elsewhere, or you're more of a "quantity over quality" type of person.
4	One of the best buffet places in Vegas.$30 for dinner and $20 for lunch. Not much difference except maybe the lobster? So if you want to save a buck or ten go during lunch.Best picks: Seafood (assortment of crab legs, miso chilean seabass), prime ribs, kobe beef, sushi and of course....Deseerts!20-30 minute wait for dinner if you go early, or get the line pass and get ready to stuff face.Wear stretchy pants!!!
4	For $26/person I feasted on waffles, sausage, eggs, pancakes, feta-spinach pizza, sweet potato puree, a fabulously decadent green salad, and pasta. Hubby indulged in the sushi, prime rib, and pesto mashed potatoes.Then had a ridiculous dessert platter of carrot cake, chocolate eclairs, fruit tarts, cream puffs, chocolate layer cake, and a bowl of vanilla ice cream with Butterfinger topping. Had to wait on line for 45 minutes, but I'd say we got our money's worth!  We certainly didn't need to eat again any time soon!
4	I was told this was the best buffet in Vegas and I don't see how anywhere else can compete.  They had everything from snow crab, king crab, steak, prime rib, shrimp, and all of the other typical buffet foods.  More on the expensive side, but you have to go here if you go to Vegas.  All the crab I ate, must have been worth so much at a normal restaurant.  What can I say, when John Wall is chillin right outside, it must be good.  Everything was tasty and very flavorful.  Definitely going back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	everything is delicious!!!!---well worth the $25 brunch!!!!!dessert bar is my fave!!!!!---
2	This was the most over priced buffet I've eaten in a long time. The Indian casino's in the Inland Empire are better then this. The selection is good but the quality stinks. I thought this was nothing but wasted calories, and to a huge eater that's a sin.
4	To be honest, it fell a little short of my expectations. I was drooling from yelp photos, but when I was actually there, the selection wasn't as good as I thought. For example, I saw racks of baby lamb from yelp photos, but didn't see any there. However, I do understand that many buffets on the strip have been downgraded in recent times.Still, I must say that the quality of the food is definitely above all the other buffets I've tried when I was in Vegas. Most notably, the seafood at the Bellagio was much fresher than that of other buffets.Sure, this was a pricey buffet (about $30 per person for dinner), but comparing to other buffets on the strip (ie Paris, which has received lots of praises), it really isn't a lot more expensive, and the quality is much better.
2	Pretty disappointing. Waited in line for 30 minutes.Low quality food.  Tough prime rib.Sushi was disgusting. Very fishy.  Prepared in advance and refrigerated. The rice was cold and hard. California roll and cucumber roll?  I thought this was a high end buffet. Where are the fish rolls?I've had comparable food at a Denny's.
5	I give this five stars, notwithstanding the kids, but because it's simply the best buffet in town, pricey for buffets, but the best. It's the only buffet to which we take visitors who insist on attending this sort of dining.
3	Okay, it's Vegas. How can I pass up their buffets?For lunch on a weekend, it was about $25 but because I went with a group of 11 people, they automatically added gratuity. At this buffet, they either have Brunch or Dinner. And we came right before  Brunch ended so we got both Brunch and Dinner!! Honestly, the hotel is pretty sweet. But I wasn't that much a fan with their buffet. The only things I really did enjoy was the prime rib and their crab legs. However, with the crab legs, they never put enough out at a time so, sometimes there was a line and sometimes there wasn't. I think they might have been remodeling something in their buffet though, 'cause there seemed to be a lot of white walls up and certain areas of the hotel and casino floors still had stores that weren't open yet. It was alright for the price, I felt a bit gipped - but hey, it's Vegas.
4	Two words: Pure Gluttony. But pure gluttony of deliciousness! No lie, I got off the plane, dropped my luggage at the hotel, and jumped to a cab here. I was not wasting any time. I arrived on a Wednesday at around 1:30pm, line was decent, no more than a 10 minute wait. The staff was really friendly and cordial. The selection was endless (even though I threw in the towel one plate in, FAIL). I can really go on for hours about the quality and presentation, but I'll save my time and just say- MUST GO!
5	Went here for lunch and I'll give this place the best bang for you buck.  Only $20 for lunch and you get prime rib, kobe beef and more.  I like the desert bar more at the Wynn.  This place just had soft serve ice cream instead of gelato.   The line went pretty quick too.  If you had to decide between the Wynn and here for breakfast or lunch I recommend here.
5	Heaven.  Heaven.  Heaven.  With lots of food.  That's how I feel about The Bellagio Buffet.  Oh my gosh is the food good.  I went for lunch and ate enough to feed a small country, and it was worth it.  The selection of food is okay, but what gives it 5 stars is their pasta selection and taste.  Oh my.
4	One of my favorite things about Vegas is the Buffet at the Bellagio.  The prime rib was wonderful.  The desserts were heavenly.  The pastries were some of the best I've ever had.  The pizza was full of flavor and even the salad was good.   We got in line to wait on the feast.  Just so you know, the line was the kind of line you run into when visiting Disney World.  Don't decide to skip the feast because of the long line.  The food is fresh and delicious.  I like that they only let so many people in at a time.  Our waitress kept our drinks full.  She took all of our empty plates away promptly.  The Bellagio Buffet is how buffets should be done everywhere.
1	For the price... they are crazy! LOL.. And when I went, it was with work so it was paid for by my boss & I still couldn't enjoy it :(Fish was poorly cooked & seasoned. Some pasta was ok. The best thing was my salad. The desserts were no diff than the smaller casino's buffets. I guess I was expecting more & was very disappointed!
4	The best orange juice, yet No diet Dr Pepper. What's up with that? No one in Vegas has diet DP!!!Nice large selection of food, far better than some of the others I've been to. I'm thinking this is the 2nd best buffett in Vegas. The first being RIo :)))
4	Came here for breakfast because a friend suggested it. Outstanding amount of food. They even had steak and an Asian station for breakfast. It was a bit pricey, but worth it.  A must try when your in Vegas.
3	We went around lunch time on a Saturday, but I didn't think this buffet was all that great.  There was nothing wrong with the food, but there was also nothing spectacular.  I far prefer the Rio which has multiple international stations and a ton of desserts.  I'm not sure this buffet would be worth the long line
2	I was looking forward to coming back to this Buffet after enjoying it many years ago. Boy, save your $$$ and find another buffet.  The crab legs were frozen (defrosting while you pick through the 'snow crab like' pieces), the Kobe beef was precooked and over cooked, the prime rib was not like I remember it (pretty thin and not very tasty).  Even the sushi was pretty limiting.  If you want sushi, go to Makino or Hikari, much much fresher and tastier.All in all, paying $37 (including tip), was a bit much.  I think I will try the Wynn Buffet the next time I go there.
5	Always delicious, the Bellagio buffet is a must-visit for me when I am in Las Vegas. I am a picky eater and expect thirty-some dollar buffets to be fresh, plentiful, and varied. The Bellagio buffet is that and then some. The champagne buffet on the weekends is worth the extra $5 and sitting at the bar is actually a treat and allows you to bypass the huge lines.
4	I truly enjoyed the food at this place; the price is good too. $27 for brunch. The line was not long; we got there around noon for lunch. I think most ppl in Vegas are doing the 24hour buffet pass. For unlimited champagne, it's an extra $5.They have a good variety of selections and types of foods: sushi, sashimi, pasta, american food, different meats. I love that the shrimp cocktails were large and the sauce was so zestfully satisfying.  I do wish they had crab legs for lunch though. The desserts were good, but I like Paris's better.I left that place happy, full, and wanting more shrimp cocktails :)
5	Best buffet I've ever eaten at, hands down.We got in line around 3pm, and with a 45ish minute wait, we got in for lunch price ($20/person) but got dinner food. Smart move!Our server wasn't the greatest, but the other workers we encountered were very nice, like the round man carving the meat who convinced me to try both the Kobe and flank steaks, promising me that I "wouldn't get big". That flank steak was amazing, by the way. The kobe was a little on the raw side, but we still happily ate it. I was in heaven. SO much good food. Smoked scallops, crab legs, calamari salad, smoked salmon, shrimp pesto pizza, ohhh I could go on for days. The sushi rolls were the only bad thing. They tasted like they were either a few days old or shipped in from the nearby Winco. Yuck. Nigiri was good though! The desserts were delicious, too. The creme brulee was definitely the best! As usual, the Husband and I sampled just about every dessert offered. Husband also mentioned that he thought I ate more than he did. This is probably true. I didn't have a food baby, I had food triplets. I was in some serious pain afterward, but it was so worth it. Spend your money here, you can't go wrong, and if you're like me, you'll eat enough to cover the price about 5 times over.
3	Solid 3.5 starsWe came here for lunch on Friday around 1pm and waited about 20 minutes. The service was decent, considering it was a buffet. Hmm, I wasn't very impressed with the meat station. Everything was just "okay." The desserts were also "alright."I think the only thing that was memorable and worth mentioning was their pasta. I don't know if it is just me, but I feel like Vegas buffets have downgraded.
4	The lunch buffet ran about $30 but there's a great selection of food. As other reviewers have stated, beef wellington and crab legs are not served at lunch. I was expecting neither so I was not disappointed. I haven't had the pleasure of staying at the Bellagio yet but we were lucky they take peasants in off the street. A quick glance at the place and the clientele and it was obvious we weren't at the Golden Corral. The buffet selection was bomb...shrimp, steak, pasta, sushi and several things that were delicious even though I'm not sure what they were. For the price and the overall experience it's a recommended stop.
2	I didn't think this was even worth 30$. The Kobe beef was over cooked and it took a stiff steak knife to cut it. It tasted like the prime rib but too tough. If you do go get the crab legs, sausage was pretty good, shrimp cocktail and for dessert, coffee shooter, chocolate moose cups and mini key lime pies.If you like lamb don't get their lamb ribs they are horrible.y over cooked. Not worth it in my opinion
5	One hell of a good buffet in las vegas! :)
4	After eating at the Noodles place in the Bellagio, we realized that its cheaper to just eat a good buffet even if you aren't extremely hungry. Hence, we came to the buffet at Bellagio for lunch with the cost being $19.95/person. Given that it was a day after the holiday weekend, there was no line and we were able to go straight through to the buffet (I saw that there was a long line Sunday night). There was almost an overwhelming variety of food, and a wonderful line of desserts. I tried a little bit of everything, and I was very happy with the taste and quality of the food. The omelet bar was great, and the desserts were good too. You definitely get the quality and quantity for the price, and even more! Maybe I am raving about the buffet more since I am comparing it to the  buffet at the Mandalay Bay which was completely underwhelming the next morning. However, I will definitely come back to this buffet the next time I am in Vegas!
5	My pick for best buffet in Vegas. Well worth the price. Most buffets have a problem with keeping their food warm. Food is hot and great selections. My favorite dish is the pesto shrimp pizza! Super good!! Dessert section is great as well.Can get crowded so I suggest getting in line early. *tipIf your like me and hate cold seafood, you can have your crab legs steamed. Just ask the chef at the seafood section.
5	My husband and I just came back from Vegas. We tried several buffets on the strip and the buffet at the Bellagio is by far the best. Fortunately the line wasn't very long so we only waited about ten minutes. Yes, it is a bit pricey, but hey it's Vegas. Go big or go home right. There is seriously everything from American, Asian, Italian, and Spanish. Their prime rib was delicious and hello unlimited snow crab and king crab legs. There was seriously so much food, we didn't know where to begin. Their Asian selection was good, however I passed up their sushi. It was just like every other buffet with your typical California rolls and tuna rolls. There is so much food that everyone can find Something they like. I'm not a big dessert person but I did try their cheesecakes and chocolate covered strawberries. It was amazing. Everything my husband grabbed from the dessert bar was delicious. Definitely something everyone has to try when visiting Vegas. Best buffet on the strip.
4	I stuffed myself silly twice at this buffet. Such a wide selection of tasty bites. Desserts everywhere. Prime rib, lamb, crab, eggs, sides, salads, etc. I will be back again!
2	Came here with such high, high expectations but I was pretty disappointed. The food wasn't terrible, but nothing was amazing. I felt let down!The main problem I've identified with the food: none of it tastes fresh. All of it looks nice and hot sitting under heat lamps, but once you take it back to your table to eat, all of the food is lukewarm at best. This goes especially for the meat items - prime rib, kobe sirloin steak, ribs, etc. I was excited to try the Chilean sea bass, but it was overcooked and dry, with a fishy (not fresh) scent. as for the dessert bar, I spotted macarons and jumped for joy - until I bit into one and realized it was as dry as the Vegas desert air. And, the most disappointing of all - the Alaskan king crab legs, which I was sooooo looking forward to. It's nice that they're cracked for you, but they were so icy that I could only taste chunks of ice at one point. Meh...Our service was pretty friendly, tho and I did like a few items: Caesar salad, chocolate covered strawberries. I've heard so much about how this is the best buffet in Vegas, so maybe they were just having an off day...Tip: Come at 3-3:30pm and pay the $25 lunch price. Dinner starts at 4pm, so they'll change the plates to hot, fresh (relatively "hot" and "fresh") foods right in front of you. You can then enjoy the $35 dinner for the $25 lunch price!
3	Everything you would expect. We only waited 40 mins. Wouldn't wait more than an hour, even with unlimited champagne. Solid for buffet. However breakfast doesn't have crab legs...just in case you wanted some. You have to wait for dinner
5	Forget your DIET, you are not fat...Forget the small portions you actually have to eat throughout the day, who cares if you have today breakfast, lunch, and dinner all in one at Bellagio's...Forget your strict work-out plan, you would do your stomach a big favor once a year...Forget the not ending line with screaming, crying kids and their annoyed parents...IT IS WORTH IT!!!
4	Really "high end" food. Lunch was only $19.95/person. If ur looking for a good buffet in Vegas, try this one.
4	I freaking love this buffet! We ate here for brunch on Saturday which was $30 and included unlimited mimosas and also ate here for breakfast on Monday which was $16. You can get just about anything you want. During brunch there is your typical breakfast items (pancakes, waffles, omelets, etc) and there's also pizza, sushi, fruit, pasta, rice, and alot of various desserts. The food here wasn't your normal buffet food it was actually restaurant quality. We would eat here once and be full for the entire day. Pretty sweet deal!
3	Was here 12/8/11 the woman who made the omlets was sweet Olympia she was making good tips too, deserved it! Had a crab omelet she recommended the lump crab meat, they dnt have much of a dessert selection and the food in my opinion was just ok my boyfriend said the chorizo sausage burrito was the Business I think all buffets in Vegas r the same this buffet and the wicked spoon was just ok the wicked spoon did provide a better dessert section though
3	maybe its good if i never went to the buffet at Wynn
3	This was my first Las Vegas buffet, and I was expecting to be wowed. However, I was not. I think I was expecting more artful presentation and exotic flavors; I got some good flavors and generic presentation. The food was good, not great, and their vegetarian options are dull.Perhaps my opinions will change after I've experienced a few more buffets.
4	I must say that The Buffet at the Bellagio was comparable to the Carnival World Buffet at the Rio, but a bit better with the elegance of fine dining. I felt like the Carnival Buffet was more of a cafeteria style type of place, versus the Bellagio. I had high expectations coming here, as my friend recommended me to this place just hours before the epic fail Rock and Roll Las Vegas Marathon and 1/2 marathon.I basically had my fill of protein worth of prime rib, which was pretty awesome. The dessert was tempting, so I had some cheese cake. The seafood fare was good, although it could have been a bit more improved.  Loved the ambiance of the fine dining aspect of it. I tried not to over induldge on the food, but how can you not?
4	Came here for brunch and safely going to say that this place is still one of my favorite buffet on the Strip. They definitely make you feel at home here and the food is delectable and yummy. For 5.00 you can add unlimited mimosas, which I probably should have added but I was just too excited for the food. The brunch has many options of both breakfast and lunch. Some of the highlights include - smoked salmon and cheese bar, sushi bar (which didn't have a huge selection but did have hand rolls freshly made), lavish desert bar, and some fingerlicking prime rib. Definitely appreciated the level of service here and I felt like the Buffet was worth my wait!
2	I've been to the Buffet at Bellagio many times in the past. During my last visit last month to the Buffet at Bellagio, I was really disappointed. Since it was the Thanksgiving Holiday, they had a special holiday price that was a little more expensive. I don't mind paying more for quality, but the food wasn't up to par.Starting with the Cesar salad, it wasn't fresh and very soggy, The Kobe style steak at the carving station was not very soft and moist. The sushi was good and fresh, but the selection was smaller than expected. I had a few of the other dishes, but nothing really satisfied me.I think the dessert selection was the highlight. These was a large variety of desserts and I tried a bunch of them.The drink service was good as the waiter was friendly, helpful, and quick to refill our cups.
4	I just came here for lunch yesterday and it did not disappoint. Their pasta, seafood, and desserts are really good and I got full off of those alone. They do have sushi hand rolls and california rolls but they aren't anything special. I was sold once I had the parisian macaroons for dessert....yummm! The only thing I didn't really like was the kobe beef. It was as rare as it gets which is just not my style. it was so rare that I had to basically saw it to cut it but even then it was too rare to enjoy. I didn't try the other beef cuts but my boyfriend kept going back for seconds so it must've been good. Definitely worth the $20 something dollars per person!
4	My favorite buffet! I came here for lunch on a Wednesday and waited 30 plus minutes (not too bad). My favorites: Kobe beef sirloin, cheese sliders, pesto mashed potatoes, spicy tuna hand roll (oookay), bbq ribs and a few salads. I was already pretty full from trying a little of everything but I had to try the desserts too. I got one of each dessert. My favorites were: tiramisu, cheesecake (semi-light and not too sweet), chocolate mousse w/ a vanilla center and eclair!Seriously try the Bellagio, I also really enjoyed the good coffee w/ my desserts. The server was nice and service was fast. Lunch is cheaper than dinner, but I think I'll definitely come back and try the gourmet dinners here.
5	This has always been my favorite buffet in Las Vegas and my recent trip reinforced this! The price is reasonable and the food is more than you pay for, for sure! The variety of fancy yummies is endless! From the little baby mozzarella pearls rolled in pesto, to the juiciest little sliders in the world, to the full-on carved turkey/mashed potato/sweet potato/cranberry sauce holiday meal experience, I loved every bite! The whole family agreed. Next time we will make it a point to take more meals at the Bellagio buffet instead of opting for the convenient at the hotel we stay at!Best dessert? The chocolate and vanilla dome with the little raspberry on top. Lovely!
4	The food was very good. The price was decent if you think about the location. The only thing I can complain about is that the receptionists were somewhat rude.
4	great selection! got here just before 3 on a monday. there were only 4ppl before us but for some reason it took about 10 minutes to be seated. do not try pushing your luck after that! the line grows terribly fast the closer you get to dinner and the smart diners arent going to leave in time for you to be seated, they want to see the dinner selection too! i was a little disappointed with a few things: eggs benedict was IMPOSSIBLE to cut with the knife i was given and when i tried to bite thru it, it was rubbery...i LOVE meat but there was only 2 choices of meat at the carving station (top sirloin and a flank steak?)...the desserts were super cute but some were a bit off and none of them made me want to get seconds. oh and i NEEDED to ask for milk because some desserts were too creamy or too sugary (which is weird because ive NEVER in my life have thought something is too sugary)...finally i think we left about 30 minutes after "dinner" started but didnt see a difference in what was being served. dishes were refilled but that was about it. yes the food was good, but i guess i came here expecting to try dishes that i dont see all the time and that taste phenomenal. minus a star for not serving anything that i wanted second helpings of.
2	The only reason this place does not get one star is because the food did not make us sick. The Bellagio buffet was rather disappointing for our entire group. We went for dinner and it was $30. We waited 45 minutes in line on a Monday night to get in which we figured would result in great food. Wrong! First our server took forever to get our order. She seemed to have no way of knowing when we arrived because she first went to 2 tables that got there after us before getting to ours. However that's not why I'm rating the review bad. The crabs legs didn't seem so fresh and the buffet had a rather mediocre selection compared to the other buffets we visited. The desert selection was rather plain and neither of the two ice cream machines worked. I tried the house Merlot and it was horrible. The Kobe beef had an awkward taste to it and none of us took a second bite. To make things worse for the entire hour we were there our server never picked up our previous place or refilled our water. Talk about bad service. We all agree not to visit this buffet on our next visit. We expected much more from the Bellagio.
3	After reading the other reviews, I was prepared to love the Bellagio Buffet.  Having just left there though, I must admit I'm pretty disappointed. We arrived at 2pm on a Thursday and the line reached the telephones outside the restaurant.  It moved pretty steadily though, and my party of 4 was seated in 40 minutes.  In general, the service was pretty sloppy.  There were times when up to 6 dirty plates were piled up on our table and aside from iced tea, which they filled pretty regularly, I had to flag someone down to get another drink.From the carving stations, I tried the flank steak, kobe, prime rib, chicken, and ribs.  The flank was marinated wonderfully and the ribs were awesome, but everything else was pretty meh, either over or undercooked.The shrimp were plentiful and tasty, plus come pre-shelled.  The crab legs didn't come out until dinner and the line to get them was maybe 15 deep at first, but died down after about half an hour.  Tonight had both snow and king.  I didn't appreciate the fact that they're cut in half as much as I expected - you usually can't pull the meat out in one piece because there's a layer of cartilage in the middle.  Also, they didn't do a very good job defrosting them since most of my legs still had chunks of ice in them, but you can ask someone behind the counter to heat them up for you.The lunch sushi options are pretty bare, but sashimi comes out at dinnertime.  Although I've seen ads of the buffet having dim sum, they only had BBQ pork buns.  I think there were four types of pasta and all but one was vegetarian.  The tortellini was really good.  I was also a fan of the pesto mashed potatoes.The salad bar had a few premade salads, my favorite being the spinach and bacon one.  During lunch it had a bunch of deli meats and cheese, but they were taken away for dinner.  The mozzarella balls are a must-try!The dessert station had about 30 options, all beautifully made and each approximately two-bite-size.  About 20 of them were little tarts or cakes, and then there was bread pudding, brownies, and cookies.  I saw three sugar-free options.  I probably shared about 10 desserts with my mom.  Everything was pretty good, but my favorites were the cheesecake, creme brulee, and key lime tart.  My sister was a huge fan of the fruit tarts and ate about six.All in all, I felt like I got my $19.99 worth for lunch, but I don't know if it's worth the $29.99 for dinner.  However, given that it's generally ranked one of the top three buffets in Vegas, I feel like it's a bit overrated.  I had a much better experience at Le Village Buffet across the street at Paris Las Vegas when I came here a few years ago.
4	Breakfast here is amazing. For some reason, the orange juice and coffee taste way better here during breakfast. The orange juice is completely filled with pulp which makes it feel like you are eating an orange in every gulp. What I love about this buffet is that they have smoked salmon, and plenty of it, even during breakfast! The smoked salmon is so rich and so smooth, very very good. The eggs benedict is also another of my favorites here. They make breakfast perfectly with all their wide selections of food.Dinner here is also pretty good, but I would have to say dinner at the Wynn buffet definitely beats this one out. The prime rib is not as tender here as at the Wynn and the other selections are not as good. Don't get me wrong though it is still a top notch buffet for dinner, just not the best Vegas can offer.The service here is really nice, the waiters actually make conversation with you if wanted, for example telling some interesting stories, etc. They also come and ask if you need a refill instantly when they see that you are near empty.Ambiance and atmosphere here is also not as good as the Wynn. This buffet does not make you feel like a high end dining experience, it kind of feels like you are dining at some restaurant such as a Denny's.
5	Thank you. Everything was wonderful. The earlier the smaller the crowds and the food is always amazing. I wish my friends would have allowed me to enjoy it all at a slower pace.
3	average quality buffet. long waiting line. Well priced ($20 each for brunch) but not worth the waiting time.
4	Dessert was to die for! Chocolate eclaires & chocolate covered strawberries = heaven!!
3	It wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be (waited over an hour), but definitely got me really full! :) But I think it's because we went for lunch instead of dinner. We got lunch at $19.95.FOOD: I liked their sushi bar only because the had some really good seaweed salad. I mean AYCE and the mixture was perfect between the sauce and the seaweed itself, and it was refreshing with the roast turkey that was being served. The sushi themselves were a bit too sour for my liking, too much vinegar with the rice, and the rice was too soggy. I also really liked the roast beef/turkey area where the chefs cut you slices of the meat, they were tender with a lot of juice and flavor- loved it with gravy! They had a whole chunk of area for the cocktail shrimp, the shrimps were crunchy and fresh to my taste, but their cocktail sauce was a little weird for me. There was a very powerful ginger flavor to it that I didn't like about. Bleh! But they had a redeeming potato section where they had about three types of baked/mashed potatoes. They were definitely good, the skin was lightly salted so it gave it great contrast to the natural potato flavor. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujHiaprwCQ5ewziu0Vi9rw?select=r5mN0kL69yd5vkRNlQ9UWw Now they also have these really cute hamburger selections (turkey & beef), I opted for the beef cheeseburger and was plenty pleased that it was delicious with what seems to be medium done patties (little bit red in the center). http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujHiaprwCQ5ewziu0Vi9rw?select=AHt4iAMft6EK2y5QBhmsQQThey had a large selection of desserts, but I'm more of a fruits (they had very fresh fruits!) person because of the lemon tarts, strawberry tarts, and Tiramisu, chocolate cakes, brownies, etc. I only liked the strawberry tarts that they provided. The crust and large strawberry on top was perfect. Sweet and tart on top with a bready bottom~ MMM! Never liked that coffee-ish flavor so the tiramisu wasn't for me, but the center was very soft and fluffy. The lemon tart was a little strange, not much lemon- just straight sourness. The flavor was unbalanced and weird. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujHiaprwCQ5ewziu0Vi9rw?select=kxoQxnhqhHUi_pTEBC4pigSERVICE: Not much to say since our waiter was only here to get us drinks (once) and get our plates when we weren't at the table. But he was friendly and very open to giving suggestions on what's good.Lunch here at the Bellagio isn't what I expected, I can't wait to come back and try their dinner as it seems and sounds remarkable! :)
5	I go to Vegas frequently, and this is the only place that I must go to on every trip.  In my opinion it is the best buffet by far in Las Vegas.  I've never had a bad experience here.  Kobe beef, sliders, crab legs, excellent salad bar.  When I was there in October 2011 they were doing some construction, I'm excited to see what those changes will bring.  Hopefully I'll be able to find out soon!
3	We went at 4p to avoid a line, but still waited 90 mins.  The price was $45 per person.  We were under whelmed.  A good $30 buffet, but def not worth the $45.
1	WTF? Where do these people who are giving this place 5 stars normally eat? The dollar menu at McDonalds? Carl's Jr.? They raised their prices to $45 plus tax per person for the holidays yet the menu is the same. So, you're spending $100 for a dinner for two no alcohol. You are better off going to one of the finer dining restaurants for that price and getting alcohol as well!Went there at 4:30 for dinner. Everything looked old. The already super model skinny crab legs were cut in half lengthwise, the salads were wilted, and the sushi translucent. Nothing was really great or even good, it was, edible. For $45 a person in just food, I want better than edible. Tuna Helper is edible and I'm only eating that when the boxes go on sale for a buck.I think I'm actually kind of mad at this lipstick covered pig.Oh yeah, and I witnessed a little fat kid reach into the shrimp bowl with his bare hand to grab a fistful. I don't know who to blame for that: The parents? The kid? The buffet employee who saw and didn't switch out the bowl? Who do I blame for such an affront? Needless to say, I passed on the shrimp.
1	I'm really surprised out how mediocre this buffet was given the reviews on the internet. We waited about an hour, but once we got in we found the dining area to be only at about 75% capacity.The food was standard buffet fare. The crab legs were salty and old tasting. And the waiter never returned to refill our cokes.A better buffet can be found at the Rio.
3	We went to this buffet during the "holidays" so we were obliged to go for the brunch. Price with tip is about 40$ each person.The prime ribs are amazing, service is good too, quick refills, plates changed frequently. Yet considering the Bellagio "classy" environment, the buffet quite mismatched, with the feeling of a mall food court.Most of the offer was breakfast dishes, eggs, croissants, bread, ecc. Beside the prime ribs the valuables were smoked salmon and some swordfish. Sushi could be considered vegetarian given the almost absence of fish in it.Good, yes. Maybe not worth 40$ and the fame it has..
5	Fantastic. One my must stop shops.
2	We went to The Buffet on a week night at 7PM.  At 8PM we were still waiting in line!  it took around an hour to get our seats.Once in the dining area, it was a really chaotic sight.  People rushing all around like it was their last meal.  It didn't feel as welcoming as it could have been.  However, it did appear pretty clean, as far as the floor and dining booths, seats and tables.The food itself was another story.  It really looked picked through.  I don't think the staff did enough turning over the dishes, so they look fresh and maintained.  Serving utensils were left in and on the food at some stations.  I just felt the cleanliness level was not what you would expect for the Bellagio.The food was just OK.  I wanted to really enjoy this buffet because everyone raves about it.  But I was not impressed by the flavors, selection and taste.  Nothing stood out.  The kobe steak was tough and the prime rib was not flavorful.  Salads, soups, sides were typical.LIKES: mash potatoes were pretty good, desserts were nice and were the cleanest part of the buffet, mini mac and cheese was not badDISLIKES: the long wait, the flavors and taste of the food, the price.Unless you are completely hungry and not to worried about cleanliness and taste, then this is ok.  Otherwise, try a good sit down restaurant and order the best prime rib or steak.  It will be better to have a waiter and staff as well.We won't be returning.
4	I won't lie here, this place was a bit overpriced. $35 a person is a bit much for a buffet, but nevertheless, the food was good. It's been nearly a year since I've eaten here (What can I say? I procrastinate.), but I was pleased with everything I put on my plate. We arrived just after they had put their sushi station up, so I was a little disappointed that I couldn't try it, but like I said, everything that I tried was delicious. Their mini sliders were probably my favorite, but who can go wrong with mini cheeseburgers? I definitely kept the cute little plastic emblem sticks they put in each one. The desserts were lovely, and mightly delicious as well. Not to mention, the display of beautifully decorated cakes on top of the dessert cases. Absolutely stunning. But, the desserts were also tiny. Not kidding, I could have eaten about 8 of those little squares of sweet delectable goodness. But I was already full to the brim with sliders, roasted potatoes and prime rib.While I've seen and heard extremely varied reviews of this place, my experience was great. The waitstaff were busy, however I have no complaints here, they were friendly with us and kept good tabs on our table and always asked if we needed any refills.
5	We went here for lunch a few months ago.When we were about to get in line, a gentlemen ask us how many people we had. We told him 2, just myself and my husband. He told us to follow him because we could sit at the bar, regardless if we were drinking or not (I wasn't drinking due to being pregnant.). It was nice that we got to skip that very LONG line. The food was extremely good! I will definitely be eating here again!So whenever there is a long line and you dont have many people , just walk up to the bar and sit! You pay at the bar when you are done eating!
4	3.5 stars! The buffet here is one of the better ones that you'll find in Vegas, but after dining at Wynn the last couple of times I've been to Vegas, I think the Wynn buffet might edge this out a bit. My family and I came on a Sunday night for dinner ($29.95 pp)...not bad considering the prices on a Friday and Saturday night. I had been researching different buffets on the strip on a Sunday and this one was about $5 more then others. There was a line, and we were thinking of skipping the buffet because we needed to catch a show, but the line actually moved relatively fast and we were seated maybe less than 30 minutes later (there was 12 of us so we had to wait while the tables were set up).The food: Tasty! Good array of meats (prime rib!) pasta, pizzas, sushi, seafood, salads and of course...dessert! Everything was fresh too. I can't remember all the details about every single dish that I ate, but most of it was pretty good. Although the one thing I noted was that the Kobe beef was cooked way too rare. It was just too bloody so I couldn't finish it all. The crab legs were abundant but served cold. You can have the kitchen staff warm them up for you. You just need to ask them. I didn't find the dessert section that impressive though. There were the usual cakes. I saw bread pudding, flan and creme brulee. I think there was also a machine for soft serve ice cream? The creme brulee was delicious. We got it nice and hot. Love!Also, the food was constantly being refilled. The staff is totally on top of their game! I never saw anything empty. As for our waiter, he was ok. I don't think he was too attentive and we had to ask for a lot of things. Gratuity was already tacked onto our bill because we had such a large party. Overall, the food here is solid. I'd come back...not sure if I pay the weekend peak prices though, but this still stands as a good option!
2	Ok, this is crazy.   I go here on freakin new years eve for a lunch (served until 4pm) and the buffet is closed because of a power outage.   Are you kidding me?   One of the best casino's on the strip doesn't have a backup generator for the kitchen??  LOL, anyway, I never ate at this buffet, but I wanted to!!!    Crazy thing is, right after we heard the bad news of the power outage (really..  the kitchen lost power on new years eve and was closed all day until dinner!!)  - next we find the water show as not performing because of another "technical difficulty" probably related to the outage.  Wow, someone probably got fired that day.  Imagine how many hundreds of thousands that was lost this afternoon.   Really, on new  years even 2012?   Gotta be kidding me guys.    BTW I went over to the rio and they had a great seafood buffet, so at least I had my fill of lobster and crab ;)     wow, my luck power outage at the bellagio buffet on NYE 2012,  really....
2	This buffet is very fancy, but $32.99 plus tax is not worth paying for. The main dishes had no taste. I only enjoyed eating the deserts and fruits that they had available that day. The orange juice was also good. I would only recommend this buffet to people who careless about food taste. I was there only for breakfast, but since I didn't like it I did not go back for lunch. The lines were not that long. We waited about 10-15 minutes to get our seats.
3	Because there are abagillion reviews I am going to quickly summarize each section of the buffet I got to experience on a Friday night 2 hours before closing time. Service: attentive and friendlyMeats: high quality meats with generous cuts everything from the lamb to prime rib was deliciousSalad bar: disappointing, not really a great or exciting selectionSoups: nothing special eitherPasta: even though there were only 4 different pasta dishes, they were surprisingly fantastic, I loved the ravioli here. Sushi: disappointing as well, there were only a few rolls and none of them were something you couldn't get at a grocery store. The taste was there though for what they had.Asian: the red curry chicken was bland, the peanut noodles were good but dry and the dumplings fell apart before my first bite. I did however really enjoy the pork BBQ steamed buns they had, they were dim sum worthy! Southern: the BBQ ribs were a little dry as well and the mac and cheese was horrible!Dessert: Even though there wasn't a large selection, everything I had tasted amazing. Worth the $40 a person? Considering it's Vegas and you get to eat until your pants want to explode, I would say so!
3	I finally came to this place and actually just finished eating dinner with my gf. I honestly expected way more than this. When we arrived during dinner around 4:20pm, the line was pretty damn long and we waited for at least 35 mins just to get in the front. I was excited and thought this was gonna be legit but I thought wrong. Everything here got repetitive. I mean the food was decent and they had somewhat a good amount of variety but there were errors in a lot of their dishes. Their fresh crab legs were salty, smoked fish was way to dry, and everything else...well...boring.I think the Wynn buffet is much better and much more luxurious than this.
3	I thought that this was one of the better buffets in Vegas but after eating at the M Hotel, I had to mark it down. The wait was about an hour an the food was decent. There wasn't as much variety but I heard the prime rib was delicious (fyi: I don't eat beef). Everything was fresh though even the salmon. Service was ok but not great...
3	It's just another buffet in the city. It has long lines, the same food as any other MGM property and there's nothing that really makes it stand out. The quality of the food is decent, but they didn't replenish it as often as people were eating it.
2	Total disappointment! The boyfriend and I came here on a saturday night, and so the buffet cost $40 per person. Grant it, it was a buffet, however we expected better quality. One thing I was really disappointed in was their "Kobe Beef". I got a piece of it, but it was so tough and rubbery that I had a hard time cutting through it with my fork and knife. Also, the crab legs were very small. Didn't really enjoy any of the food here. Even the desserts were not that good. Too sweet (and i'm usually one who can handle sweet things). It was not worth our money to come here.
2	It's like walking into an exclusive club (we got scolded by a waitress twice) - but not in a good way. We didn't leave the right ticket on the table so we didn't get drinks right away & we didn't know line rules. Drinks, BTW, include soda & water for free. There was a TON of food but none of it was great. Desserts were pretty but not fantastic. We got in for lunch prices but they switched to dinner while there so we tried both. The wait wasn't too bad - 35 minutes in line. Afterwards however, we were both sick from the food and while I can now cross "Vegas buffet" off my to-do list, I have no interest in trying anymore.
4	I was definitely shocked by the quality of food at this caliber of a hotel. This place was made for fatties like me. Haha.I can't believe my friends and I sat here for 5 hours from Lunch to Dinner. When I was first told that we would be paying $40 for a buffet, I was a little hesitant, but it was worth it. We waited for 20 minutes to get in, and once we were in there, I ditched everyone and went straight to the foods. So glad it was my last day in Vegas and that all the tight dress party was over. 4 plates of different desserts almost put me in a sweet food coma. It was kinda embarrassing because our server went on breaks twice and when she came back, we were still there.
5	I stayed at the Bellagio during the first week of November and I thought I would write a review of their Buffet since it is probably one of the best things about the Bellagio. Now keep in mind that I have been vacationing in Vegas for more than 20+ years so I am very picky about my buffets. I also am a seafood lover so that is the main reason for me going to a buffet while in Vegas and paying $30+. The line here is long (even for breakfast) but if you have their player's card you can go straight to the front. Also, if you don't mind eating at the counter you can go straight to the front. Even at 9 in the morning on a Sunday they have their seafood out (bluefin tune, salmon, bass,shrimp, crablegs,etc). I got the made to order ommelette (w/crab) and then stuffed myself with the bluefiin tuna, salmon and bass (delicious!). Had some watermelon for dessert! If you don't like seafood then I would suggest not waiting in line or paying the extra $$$ to eat their buffet and spend the same $$$ in their coffee shop!
4	Unfortunately I'd already eaten twice in like 3 hours before I got here so I couldn't eat that much because I didn't want to go into a food coma and pass out all night. So sad...The prime rib wasn't that good! Maybe it was just that batch, disappointing though. All of the fishes were okay. The mashed potatoes were SO good though. Mmm delicious. I think I like the Bellagio buffet better than the Wynn, but I can't remember so I guess I'll rate them both equal. Make sure you bring a small snack to eat while you wait in line if you're SUPER hungry. Or at least a drink to tide you over... The line is SUPER long! Good thing I got to skip it heh
1	We came to this buffet because it billed as the best buffet in town at the time.  We were extremely disappointed because all the food was at the wrong temperature.  The food that should be hot was only slightly warm and the food that should be cold was only slightly chilled.  The flavors would have been good if severed right and that only added to the disapointment,  We walked away wanting our money back and vowing never to return.
3	Came here for the dinner buffet, and the lines to pay for the buffet was pretty long, but it wasn't too bad.  For around $35 per person, it was an okay buffet. I got a bit of everything and everything was okay. The steak is usually thinly sliced, but I'm guessing the guy who has to cut it got tired of it and started cutting thick chunks for people when they started asking for 2 slices of it at a time, haha I didn't finish the steak and went for a bit of everything to try it.  My favorite would be the crab. Gotta get messy for the good stuff. I also recall liking some of the pasta too. The desserts were just meh. They look good, but don't let their appearance fool you, because I took a bite of everything and it was either just BLEH, or I spat it back out. haha. The only good dessert was the creme brule, Ate a few of those and snuck a few with me on my way out :POverall a decent buffet, but I hear there are far better ones in Vegas.
5	I think this is the best buffet on the strip. In vegas we went here twice.The key is to get in line about 30 minutes maybe even 45 before breakfast ends, that way you get the food switch out :)The desserts are AAHHHmazing, and the eggs benedict are so yum!I didnt hesitate to get dessert first then go back for some breakfast/ lunch!
5	Best buffet of the few my girlfriends and I tried. I went back for more plates than I should probably admit to! Lunch was definitely the only meal I needed that day.The food was wildly rich, so I tried to fit some veggies on my plate when possible.My buffet favorites:smoked potato salad (ohmigodddd...need this recipe)seaweed saladhijiki saladshrimp cocktail (delicious smokey sauce)terriyaki strip steak kobe prime ribcreamed spinach (the best I've ever had in my entire life!)mashed potato and beef gravyflanbread pudding with peachesOf all of the dishes that I sampled, none of them disappointed, rather some were better than others.
4	Over all great food .
2	really a disappointment. there were a bunch of different food stations by country but everything tasted like a crappy buffet id have anywhere. think golden corral. salad bar - maybe 5 or 6 toppings, not that fresh or variedsoups - old and sitting around too longmeat station - chewysliders - plain and undercookedchina - had pork stew that was really underseasonedsushi - one bite and spit it outpizza - probably best part, but mostly because its hrd to mess upbellagio, you have seriously got to up your game here. what a waste
3	Err, I think we went on the wrong day. Where was my king crab? That's why it was only $25/person for lunch on Saturday. I could've sworn they had king crab on weekends, bah.So with that out of the way, I think the next leading item here for lunch was prime rib, and that was very tasty. Most of the other items ranged from average to good, but not much else was spectacular. I've heard that this buffet has gone downhill in recent years, but I have no basis for comparison.
4	I saw this this buffet on TV and it looked as if it were to die for. I didn't see what all the fuss was about. The food was sub-par and and it was $40.00 per person. Its hidden all the way in the back of the Bellagio(one of my favorite hotels) and his kind of hard to find. Check out the conservatory on your way out. You can get wifi from a signal somewhere inside the hotel.
4	This was my first trip to the Bellagio buffet and at first glance it's overwhelming. When you pay the initial almost 50$ you think to yourself, I hope I can eat my monies worth. Well you can.... The food is simply Devine. From the juicy and succulent prime rib to the Kobe beef to the salmon and crab legs and shrimp.... YUMMY! There is enough food for you to try and like or dislike. The dessert station is heavenly also. You'll leave with a full belly and a slight ca of diabetes if you're not careful! Definitely going back when I'm in Vegas again!
4	Overall, it was very good.  My favorites were the prime rib, beef Wellington and rack of lamb.  The shrimp was pretty good also.  I did not like the fish (I think it was sea bass) because it was overcooked and had a very strong fishy flavor and odor.  The best part is that we got the gourmet dinner for $20 because we arrived 20 minutes before they changed over from lunch to dinner and started charging $44.I would definitely return.
4	I don't normally do buffets since it requires preparation in both mental and physical discipline to consume enough food to make it worth while. Well, since I was in Vegas for CES for the week, my friends and I decided to try out a posh upscale buffet in one of the fancier hotels on the strip. Luckily we didn't wait long for our table, maybe about 15 minutes. We paid, made our way to our table, ordered drinks and then I entered nirvana. The quality of food, the quantity of food was mind boggling. I made an effort to try all the entrees but being a newb in buffets I failed. I didn't get to try all but what I had was excellent for a buffet. The prime rib, Top New York Sirloin, roast chicken, hot sausages were amazing. They had sea bass, smoked trout, king crab legs and snow crabs which were excellent as well. Their sushi bar was always stocked with typical rolls of tuna and salmon. Those less adventurous, the California rolls did not disappoint. I had steak tartar for the first time and it was heavenly. Or could have been hell if they didn't prepare it well. But safe to say it is still heaven. My failure is that I didn't even have room to taste their dessert...It looked amazing and professionally prepared. Cheesecakes, tarts, cakes all personal sized and ready to be savored. But alas, not I.Service was excellent, my soda was always full, plates were magically gone every time I came back, I'd say this is a great place for a buffet and warrant a return visit the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Wowzer. So dang good. My hubby definitely got his money's worth! Thankfully we got there before the huge rush, and the line was crazy long when we left.
5	AMAZING!So many different types of food!Everything I tried was delicious, they even had a great fruit & dessert bar.If I had to choose the last meal of my life I'd choose to have it here.
3	THE LOW DOWN+ $25 per person for LUNCH+ Expect a LONG LINE, but it moves (somewhat)THE FOOD + Scrambled Eggs: Delicious! Some of the best I've ever had! + Bacon: Crispy! Definitely get this! + Oatmeal with Quality Toppings: Really good! + Prime Rib: Pretty decent, juicy + Spicy Tuna Hand Roll: decent and fresh + Spring Roll: this is nothing like a Vietnamese spring roll, its loaded with hodgepodge vegetables and taste quite bland + Ice Cream: decent, little watery  + Won Ton Soup: decent, broth had some flavor, shrimp filling inside won ton + Fried Rice: semi-decent, little bland + Chow Mein: semi-decent + Fresh Salmon: decent + Bread Pudding: quite good, moist and soft + Turkey: decent, wasn't as moist as I would like it + Cranberry: good + Waffle: had a funky chocolate after taste!, not that soft either + Seaweed Salad: good + California Roll: decent + Calamari: decent + Watermelon: not that fresh + Honeydew: decent + Cantaloupe: decent + Orange Juice: decentTHE SERVICE + Server was friendly, courteous, and attentiveTHE ATMOSPHERE + Clean  + Not too much traffic around the buffet stations, manageable to get in and outOverall, a 3.5.  I would not mind coming back if I want a decent breakfast with some dinner selections.
4	Thanksgiving dinner was good but not great. Dessert choices was awesome!
4	Among all the buffets that I went to in Vegas, this is probably my favorite.  Atmosphere is very nice and classy feeling.  The place was busy, but they constantly had fresh food coming out.  Very enjoyable time!  Came for dinner, and was able to catch a fountain show right after!
3	This is a great buffet but it is quite pricy.
1	Long ass line. $32.88 for lunch buffet. The cashier was a bitch...attitude up the wazuu. The hostess was nice, our waiter server Eric was awesome (Sweetest Guy ever). The food (vegetarian pov): was disappointing.1) Breakfast: breads were cold and stale. Oatmeal was cold, they make fresh omelet but the station is towards the back away from the rest of the brkfst items...(all breakfast items should be grouped together, pastas together, seafood together etc....).2) Sushi: rice was old and really cold...not fresh, sloppy cutting, sloppy display; wasabi was pasty like ketchup. 3) Dessert: cheesecake was moist but at times not available, because they didn't re-fill the countertops fast enough.I give this place a. NEGATIVE 1 STAR.Overall this was a disappointing experience because of the lack of freshness, lack of elegance, lack of everything for the price tag. Bellagio buffet is not worth the price, even if you eat meat. Better off going to the Sugar factory across the street...pay less and get 100% better food...that is fresher!
5	This was the best buffet I have ever been to and will probably every go to.  I went a year ago November in 2010.  I was so amazed.  Yes it is a long line but I have learned that most of the best places your going to have to wait to get into or wait for the food to be cooked for you.I had so many things, and there are so many more I would love to try.  I so enjoyed the beef Wellington.  I had two servings because it was soooooo good.  Had to roll myself back to the Monte Carlo afterward.
4	The 4-star rating is purely as compared to other buffets not as a comparative to a "real" restaurant. After having been a good boy for months, I sucumbed to the temptation or rather the convenience of dining buffet style. As far as buffets go, The Bellagio buffet is pretty good - although since it is food on an assembly line the taste is not as good as a sit down restaurant. The buffet features the ubiquitous shrimp that are found at even the cheapest buffets and also some crab.Other than that, the fare includes: american, italian, chinese and japanese dishes. The Bellagio is a little lite on the vegetarian fare - but I guess they will eventually catch up to the current trend.   The desserts are quite extensive, although none were outstanding (comparable to most upperscale hotel sunday brunches).Probably one of the better ones in Vegas.
5	Alright my fans ... I know it's been a LONG time since I've written a review. The holidays is over and I'm back!Just got back from Vegas (again). I have to say...Bellagio "you complete me" OK so I was starving when I arrived in Vegas - only having eaten breakfast and snacking on some dangerous Trader Joe's Snowpeas. My friends and I decided to go grab dinner around 5ish to beat the crowd. And I'm glad we did. I started off with some pasta - beef ravioli and some tortellinis made with some walnut pesto sauce. YUMMMMY! Then I got some of the still bleeding kobe beef - roast or prime? same? I had some lamb chops (a bit dry), some king crabs (already sliced in half, PERFECTO), shrimp, sushi (Cali rolls), seaweed salad, etc. etc. Because it was Chinese New Year weekend, there were quite a few Asian dishes. The only Asian thing I ate was the spiked fruit (Lychee? or Rambutan?)In terms of dessert - SO MANY to choose from. Luckily almost all were bite size. Makes me feel less guilty. Of the other Vegas Buffets I have been to: Wicked Spoon (at Cosmo) and Studio B Buffet (at M Resort) ... Bellagio is my favorite. Maybe it was because I was sober this time and I was really hungry & savoring every bite. Who knows??! I know one thing for sure - I will be back Buffet at Bellagio!
1	Perhaps indicative of decline in tourism? Not sure but it's very obvious that the Buffet is not what it used to be. "Kobe" beef roast? Not even close. Prime rib? Who knows but both were so dry and overlooked. Crab legs were so water-logged. Other buffet items were subpar. Sushi is okay. They make rolls with way too much rice and offer little filling. Too many other restaurant choices to go back anytime soon...or ever again for that matter.
4	We went when they were offering a special Chinese New Year buffet. They had split, grilled lobster tails, rack of lamb, and some other dishes not typically offered. I'm not a lobster person, or lamb for that matter, but my BF was super stoked. The price was more expensive and they advised they only offer lobster during New Years and Chinese New Year.  The salad bar was a bit small, but offered different types of lettuces, and typical salad toppings. There was an additional smaller salad/appetizer area with shrimp caesar salad, and another as well, but I forgot what kind. This station also offered a antipasta selection of meats, cheeses, olives, peppers, etc. There was real shaved parmesan there as well. The meat station was crowded because that's where they were doing the lobster tails and everyone was hovered around trying to get one.  I had the cauliflower au gratin which was excellent! BF is not much of a vegetable eater, but he loved it so maybe this is something we can incorporate into our meals at home. Also had grilled asparagus, carved turkey w/ cranberry sauce which was actually quite dry. I think maybe they need to leave a hunk of skin over the already cut piece of turkey to keep it somewhat moist.  Fingerling roasted potatoes were good, and trying to get to the Asian foods and Pizza areas, I was distracted by the desserts, so I really didn't see too much, but I remember a small sushi area offering nigiri and rolls, typical asian inspired cuisine like chow mein, fried and steamed rice, and chicken/broccoli/seafood dishes. Now, the dessert cart..YUM!  I had a chocolate vanilla dome cake which was to die for!  It looked like cocoa powder was dusted over a dome, but it was actually cake!  A really thin layer of chocolate cake (think mocha in color), with a vanilla chocolate mousse inside that was so creamy!  I wanted like 6 of them, but they slyly put them on little square plates making it hard to actually take that many! lol   I also had a piece of tiramisu which was equally good and creamy. BFhad a piece of cheesecake which he said was great! We'll definitely go back!
5	Buffet at the Bellagio...Oh yeah!Did you know the hungry kitten considers herself a connoisseur of buffet foods? From the average Chinese super buffet to the grand buffets of Vegas!Honestly I felt like I had died and gone to heaven.In fact if I do die, I'm coming back as a stray animal and eating out of the buffet leftovers in Las Vegas.Out of all the buffets in the world, this one is probably the best. No I'm not even stretching the imagination here. This buffet offers everything the heart could desire.You want miso soup, a slice of pizza, scrambled eggs, chocolate torte and champagne for breakfast? All on the same plate? Sure thing!  Only in Vegas baby.P.s be sure to go on the weekends also as the selection is greater and you get free champagne!Free champagne woohoo! Mimosas for everyone!
4	Lunch is the best value. $19.95 for unlimited deliciousness.  Take your time, they keep everything well stocked.  The beef sliders, wild mushroom ravioli in sherry cream sauce, giant shrimp, and shrimp pesto pizza were my standout favorites.  Everything was so good. The desserts are mind blowing. Chocolate mousse, key lime tarts, bread pudding, all sent straight from heaven.
5	12:30 pm 1/2 hour wait. EXCELLENT service, used plate gone before back to table. Drinks refilled before half empty. Food delicious, Japanese food tastes just like moms! Only downer no crab at lunch. Teriyaki flank steak, sliders, even Thai salad was good!Desserts were mmm mmm good!
2	I was in Vegas a few months ago for a Forex convention.I had always wanted to go here, its the mecca of all buffets.I really wasnt impressed. cold meats and seafood and a line that took an hour to get through. I definitely will not be returning.The best part was the desserts, i think i had like 8 of them as i was not satisfied with the dinner portion of the meal.
3	I guess it was kinda our fault that we got there around 9:30 pm on a Friday night and they closed at 10:00pm (they take food back at 10:30) which meant that food was not going to be good and it wasn't. However, I did like their selection and the unique dishes that were offered. Prime ribs would have been great if it was fresh and hot.  Asian Food selection looked really smushy and gross. Italian section looked decent with their variety of pasta and pizza. Sushi was really really fresh which was very surprising! Don't judge me but the only thing I found exciting was the Shrimp Ceasar Salad and the selection of desserts. I'm pretty disappointed of myself that we came here late and spent $40 a person for cold food. Service was good. Our plates were gone by the time we came back. Maybe the next time will be better. So be warned, unless you're really really really hungry and there is no other choice but the buffet at Bellagio, don't waste your money coming after 9pm!
4	Like most of the other reviews I read before my girlfriend and I came here is it's a buffet but compared to other buffets, its one of the better ones.  We went for the champagne brunch (bottomless mimosas) on Sunday and for $30, well worth it.  Great variety of food and the wait staff actually refilled your drinks quickly.  Make sure to get there before 11 am because that's when the line starts to form.
3	For about $25 per person, this place is JUST okay! You pretty much get what you pay for! Went here on a weekend and it was busy to the point where the line was wrapped around the corner! The line was a little discouraging at first but it moved pretty fast! Waited in line for approximately 45 minutes! They have a good selection of food here: American, Thai, Japanese, Vietnamese, and etc.... Don't miss out on the sushi bar and their spicy ahi tuna! Some of their Asian dishes were good, like the chicken curry, but I wasn't impressed with their version of Vietnamese spring rolls. It wasn't fresh, and it looked like they just wrapped whatever they had! I think I will skip this place next time I go to Vegas and will stick to the Wynn buffet.....
4	Eat It OR Beat It?**EAT IT!!**Bellagio buffet is amazing! They've got all kinds of food and the best part about it is the quality of the food. Ya, you can pay $20 somewhere else and get the same array of foods but who knows how long its been sitting there. At the end of the day, when I can't make it to the Bellagio, the Wynn buffet and Paris buffet are other great alternatives!CONCLUSION:EAT IT! and be a fatty! eat eat eat!
5	The Buffet at Bellagio is the best I've had in Vegas and I've eaten at most of them.  Some may think that the $30 price for dinner is too expensive, but not for what you get.  I had Beef Wellington, Jumbo Shrimp, Alaskan King Crab, Chilean Sea Bass, Sausage & Peppers, Red Chicken Curry and for dessert I had cheesecake and tiramisu.  I was alone, so I just walked right up to the bar and skipped the line.  Best way to go if it's crowded and you have 2 people or less.  What a great experience, I had 3 plates and loved every bite.
4	Great buffet lots of selections the prime rib was delicious it was worth the  30 dollars
4	Around 25 dollars per person for lunch, since we had added gratuity for our big party. Line was pretty long, 30-1hr wait. Our waiter would consistently come and refill our drinks or give us new drinks whenever we wanted. The food was mainly good. The foods that stood out was the mash potatoes w/ turkey gravy, Kobe Beef, Shrimp, Sliders, Omelets, Salads.The only thing i didn't like was the deserts and pak choi was too salty.
3	So...when you see the huge line form for this buffet, you are definitely intrigued. I ended up trying the buffet at 10:30 on a Sunday so we had their brunch buffet.  I was a little disappointed when I found out the sushi part wasn't going to start until 12 but oh well.  At almost 30 bucks a person there is definitely variety: eggs benedict, various salads, muffins, donuts, french toast, personal omelets, ice-cream, eggs, stir fry, etc! Servers come around and ensure you have enough to drink: coffee, soda, water so make sure to tip!  Now the food quality isn't bad.  I mean it's buffet food, you can't expect gourmet and individual dining but it wasn't spectacular.  Most of the seasonings are bland (to cater to the masses) but coming to this buffet is almost a must if you come to Vegas. Just try to leave this place without a protruding gut.
4	The question isn't should you go here.  The question is King or Snow crab?  Potatoes served five different ways, three pasta dishes, red curry and so called Kobe beef are just a few of the items you'll find in this spread.  They also have sushi which only consists of California and veggie rolls alongside questionable looking sashimi.  If you ignore the sushi table this place will prepare you for a night of drinking that should only be accomplished in Vegas.
4	Breakfast at the Bellagio Buffet----oh yeah.  Loved it.  This review is for the breakfast buffet only.  At $16 per person, I thought it was a very good deal for Vegas.  The selection was huge.  If you can't find something to eat here, not sure where else you will find it...It was awesome to be able to come down from our room, in desperate need of coffee and not have to walk a long ways or take a taxi to get it! That requires too much effort in the morning!My fave part was being able to eat as much lox as I wanted.  I am nuts for lox.  :)  They had several bagels to choose from --- topped off with cream cheese, capers, onion relish and tomatoes....I was in heaven.There is an omelet station that has a large variety of toppings, including crab and shrimp!  Yum!  Other hot choices include eggs benedict, lovely bacon, sausages, several potato dishes, waffles, pancakes, french toast, breakfast burrito bar, and many other options.  There was a large variety of fruits, cereals, salads, yogurts, pastries, etc.  Many lovely desserts.  The quality of all the  food we had was quite good.Service was great the first morning--the server kept our orange juice and coffee filled without our having to ask.  Service the second time was not quite as good, just mediocre.  There was a large selection of juices and other drinks to choose from, all included in the price.  They were continually replenishing the food items, so I was not worried about anything sitting out for too long.This place is mobbed, but the second day we were seated in a side dining room, which was much more quiet and less chaotic.  The line was out to the lobby both times, we waited no longer than 10-15 minutes either time.  The line moved fast.   I would recommend going for a late breakfast (around 10:30) if you want a variety of breakfast and lunch items.  Lunch starts at 11am and there was a lovely variety of salads, a hummus bar and many hot/cold foods to choose from.  Sushi bar starts at noon.Will definitely hit this buffet again next time I am in Vegas!
5	Best Buffet in Vegas... in my opinion. hehe. I have been to a few buffets in Vegas and this is definitely the one I have enjoyed the most.  They have a huge assortment of dishes.  My favorites include the tuna poke, peeled shrimps, prime rib,  and the pesto mashed potatoes (I dream of those)!  The only complaints I have are that I wish the dining areas were nicer and the dessert bar was more creative.  Overall it's a great dining choice while in Vegas. Enjoy!
5	Best buffet in Vegas.  Go on the weekend for the gourmet buffet with Kobe beef and rack of lamb.  Kobe was tougher than the prime rib, but the land was great.  Crab legs and shrimp were ok.  Overcooked, and bland taste.  Awesome desserts.
4	the food is awesome... but the hostess are not nice....
1	Im disappointed on this buffet, nothing special If your a tourist and looking for an amazing buffet go to M buffet please.
4	if you wait for less than 30 minutes to get seated and eating, consider yourself lucky! food-wise, bellagio buffet does not disappoint and bound to fill you up...my favorites?1. prime rib2. alaskan and snow crab3. the salad selections4. pork belly5. desserts, desserts, desserts
4	Great selection. Great lamb chops. And plenty to think about before I go again!
4	The line is so longgg and it took forever about 30-1hr wait.. , but it was definitely worth the wait !The food is great ! the prime rib, salad selections and so much desserts to pick from !!! they definitely had some good japanese dishes and pasta was delicious !! ~ the sushi area.. --eh it was okay. . . it wasnt an asian buffet so i totally get why..and the service was greeatTotally worth the wait !
4	I came here because it was recommended to me by several people and I was glad that I did. I came with my wife and cousin for brunch (although it was already 12:00 p.m.) and all three of us were very satisfied. We came on the Saturday before President's Day, which apparently is a holiday for this buffet which means they can increase their price to $41 per person (with bottomless champagne / mimosas). It was definitely worth it. The food was great and did not suffer in quality or flavor (as most buffet entrees do), and the champagne was good - not some cheap bottle that you'll regret an hour or two after the brunch. The highlights for our table (in no particular order) were the omelet station, the hand-rolled spicy tuna, and the prime rib.
5	For traditional Vegas buffet and you want the best of the best for dinner, brunch, or breakfast this is the place to head.My favorite breakfast buffet, with pancakes, waffles, french toast, omlettes being made fresh to order and all so good. Usually a great pasty selection also, I love their chocolate crossaints. They have options for hot and cold cereals, nice fresh fruit and different yougurts...smoked salmon and the fixings...everything you would want for breakfast just make it in before 10.
4	A Vegas trip is not complete without a trip to the Buffet.  And the number one buffet trip in my books has to be the one at Bellagio.  I fell in love with this place the first time I've tried it years ago and I make sure to visit it each time I'm in Vegas.  They have the most yummy selection of meats, pastas, seafoods, salads, and desserts!  I love their creme brulee!  It's so rich and creamy.  Their prime rib makes me drool just thinking of it.  The line here is super long, but if you're an M life player with some good ratings, you can cut right to the front of the line.  I was able to have that VIP treatment this weekend, courtesy of a good friend's player rating.  :)
4	They have a good spread and surprisingly good number of vegetarian options available. When I went this past Monday, they had Thai/Malaysian, Italian (pizzas and pastas), salads, soups, sushi (with vegetarian rolls) and steak available. Their dessert spread was massive! One can also enjoy a non-alcoholic beverage as a part of the buffet. Overall a very good meal.
5	Still the best dinner buffet on the strip. Start with the king crab and shrimp cocktails. Then move on the specialty meats.  Everything sings quality...especially the hand made desserts.
4	3.9/5 I'm a fan because:1. i love buffets2. i love seafood & the mussels here kicked ass!3. all  my friends chowed down on the crab legs so it must have been good. i couldn't eat it cold so i skipped that.4. over 10 different dessert choices!!!!5. cheese cold cuts6. nice, clean, interior7. waiter was super nicetips:-get it line 1 hr before you want to eat! take turns waiting it line while you gamble!-eat in groups of 7 or less. groups of 8 is an automatic 20% gratuity
4	TIP: Go 30 minutes before lunch ends so you can pay the lunch price, eat some of the lunch foods, AND get the DINNER food! Other buffets close for 30 minute or an hour after lunch so they can get ready for dinner and so people don't find any loopholes. I've always loved the buffet at Bellagio and almost always go to The Buffet each time I visit Vegas. For the price (lunch price), variety of foods and quality, The Buffet is probably the most worth it. They have a great selection of meats (lamb, prime rib, bbq ribs, ham, etc), desserts, and seafood, as well as all the other general Chinese, Italian, Mexican foods. And, the food is delicious each time. I usually just dig in to the meat section because I'm a meat lover! Then, I get plates and plates of the crab legs! And then I hit the desserts! Although their dessert selection isn't as great as The Buffet at the Wynn and the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan, I love their flan and their selection of cookies! Cheers!
3	Brunch Buffet was good, line was long but it wasn't a long wait. I had high expectations. There is so much food to choose from, definitely bring  your appetite. Fresh fruit, fresh pastries,  and made to order omelette's. Pancakes were freshly made on the spot as well. A lot of fresh meats and a lot of yummy sides. It's hard to decide if you really want breakfast lunch or some dinner items. Overall I definitely recommend it.
5	The Bellagio Buffet gets 5 stars because this is truely "as good as it gets" in terms of buffets in Las Vegas.  If you have never been to this buffet you must go.  The selection of food is always fresh and high quality.  Like all the other reviews say the wait here can be very long.  I went and waited 40 minutes but it is incredibly worth it.The service is pretty attentive and they will get you any drinks you want.  During brunch they usually offer $5 all you can drink Mimosas which is the perfect way to start the day in Las Vegas.  My drinks never ran low and there was no problem ordering coffee, orange juice, grapefruit juice, water, and of course the Mimosa all at once (it is a drink buffet too!).The service at the buffet itself is great as well.  The omlette and waffle lines move fast and if you need something that you don't see you can ask any of the staff and they will get it for you.  (I couldn't find the yogurt at any of the bars so I asked a staff member and they brought it to my table for me.)I never felt rushed to leave even after my 4th and 5th plate.  I found that to be a very unique quality at restaurants in Las Vegas especially buffets.One complaint would be that it can get loud in here when large groups come in but it is better than the sounds of slot machines.
4	If you want to go here for dinner, definitely get in line around 3:45 - 3:50pm and you will only be charged the lunch price for dinner (19.95 vs. 36.99). We went on a Friday at 3:50ish and had no wait in line, paid the lunch fees and got to try the tail end of the lunch menu AND dinner menu = beyond... BEYOND stuffed!! They offered lamp chops, kobe top sirloin, turkey, beef wellington, ribs, king crab legs, sushi, pastas, mexican, italian, salads, cheeses, fruits and a plethora of desserts. I was not super impressed with the desserts (and im an extreme dessert-lover) so that was kind of a bummer. The seafood looked like the best option to go if you wanna try this place out :)
4	The Buffet at Bellagio is always a MUST GO PIG OUT stop. We got there at 3PM and was seated at 345PM. Dinner starts at 4PM so I waited around for the ultimate feast of snow crab legs and sushi at the lunch price. 1. Snow crab legs VS Alaskan crab legs - I choose snow crab legs over Alaskan any day.. the meat is more tender, less salty, and tastes better with butter.2. Sushi - only the salmon is worth eating at a buffet3. Prime rib with a cup of ah ju sauce4. Jumbo shrimp cocktails, probably the best on the strip with their plump sizes5. Lamb chops 6. DESSERT - I always grab a serving of everything... a bite or two of most and completely devouring the good ones. 7. Chocolate covered strawberries!I've had buffets at almost every casino and I think Bellagio probably has the best quality for its price. With additional $5.00 you get unlimited champagne
4	Came here for brunch on Sunday and stayed for the dinner. We paid $29.95 for the combined all you can drink champagne special, and it came to about $38 per person with the tax and tip.The line to get in took about an hour, which wasn't too bad, particularly because we played games in the line. If you enter the line when it's just under the entrance, the line will only be about 20 minutes.The brunch had all of the fare that you would expect from brunch including the breakfast meats, omelet station, french toast (including chocolate and banana hazelnut), sushi (handmade spicy tuna rolls were really good), potatoes, cream of wheat, GRITS (made this southern boy happy), prime rib, turkey, and chicken.The champagne that came with the meal was pretty good. It probably still only cost them $2 a bottle, but mixed with their orange juice, which was pretty good and seemed house-made, made for an excellent mimosa.For the dinner menu, we stayed to try the crab. Note the king crab was WAY too salty, so I would suggest sticking to the normal legs even though EVERYONE else is getting the king's ( I was tricked...). The mussels were OK, but they weren't very meaty. The salmon and tune poke were pretty good also, and better than the nigiri pieces on rice.Overall, I would suggest this buffet for brunch and stick around for the dinner. Everything was pretty good, though the layout could be updated a bit, especially when compared to some of the newer buffets. The lights seem a little bit dim and it wasn't as bright as some of the other buffets (granted I'm using the Wynn as a big point of comparison).
3	came here for breakfast during a girls weekend trip to vegas. for the price $26, the value to food and quality of food was really good. there was 8 of us. i'm not big on buffets  as i always get yelled at my friends that i eat like a hobo, not eating the expensive stuff and eating the cheap sides and salads... OH WELL! that's what i like to eat! I am the queen of sides! lol.  anywho... from the things i ate here is the list of things i liked the most:1. pesto mashed potatoes,  basil +pine nuts + oil oil + potatoes UBER Yum!!! i ate like 4 servings of this2. eggs benedict. 3. prime rib with the aju and horse radish sauces- so JUICY! 4. Cesar salad. 5. Pizza, the one with shrimp and spinach6. smoked salmon
4	Okay...All my friends knows that I hate buffet, well....." Hate" is exaggerating!!!  "Dislike" is more likely....Bellagio buffet really offer pretty good food, Not the greatest...but C'mon its buffet what do you expect? I mean the selections were good...Hand-roll can be little better, dessert can use a little help (some of the cakes taste pretty much the same) but the fresh squeezed OJ are..fresh! Me and my friend did stuffed our face to a level that we can appreciate the feeling of hungry again.... like... following day.  I am not here to rate the food quality like a regular restaurant. Occasionally I do stuff my face just to prove a point, which is... "I still got it!!!!"
5	i went to rio carnival, paris buffet, and spice market buffet. bellagio's buffet is by far tastier! the food selection is definitely unique. there is cracked alaskan king crab and regular cracked crabs, peeled cocktail shrimp, oxtail soup, various sushi, and meats. my favorite buffet in vegas. i didnt try wynn but i wish i did just so i can compare the tastes. the price is up there but its vegas so im not surprised! the line wasnt too long since i came on a monday night. the dinner was prob a few bucks cheaper than coming on the weekend for dinner. it took us less than an hour to get seated. my waiter was okay . he didnt really check on us and didnt offer refills. we had to almost hunt him down!! this one is definitely worth the experience!
3	I had high hope for the Bellagio Buffet since it was the "Bellagio" and for the price we paid.-The dinner time starts @4p which on Sundays the price is $29.99.  So we got in line and hoping it wasn't too long of a wait cuz we were hoping to pay for the lunch price which was $5 less. ....and so we did!  The downfall to what he had to pay is if there is a party of 8 + means you are automatically charged 18% gratuity.  (To my opinion gratuity is earned and not to be expected but that's another subject)The ambiance was quite disappointing for me...the place looked dated and really needs an update.  It had a lot of dark colors and just looked dreary.  So I make my rounds and look around first to see what they had.  When I go to a buffet...I like to just take maybe half a spoon of something that I am interested in just to taste it and not waste it if it's yuk.  I started off with the prime rib and had them grill it a bit since it looked like it was still alive.  The aujus was very runny and the prime rib was very chewy.  Quite disappointing to me.  The taste...the taste is what you expect it to be.  But definitely not "melt in your mouth" as one yelper exclaimed.The seaweed salad was good but how can you mess that up.  Sushi...ehh...and not much selection as far as sushi goes.  Calamari was like eating white fat rubber bands like the ones that holds the broccoli together at your grocery store. --lol.  Roasted potato was ok. They were in the midst of changing the food selection to dinner foods which what we were all waiting for.  The next plate was mostly crab legs.  Too frozen and already split in half which I would rather open up myself and be able to enjoy a whole piece out of the leg.  The pastas were good.  Nothing spectacular and the Chinese Pork bun was good. Desserts was nothing to be amazed by.  Flan was flan...the desserts in the shot glasses- panna cotta, some mousse coffee thing, -was kinda runny but good.  The carrot cake was moist and the coffee was your average tasting coffee.  Our server....no it was not his fault but come on...if you know you are getting almost $5 each from us from the 'mandatory' gratuity...I would expect our drinks to be constantly filled and NO- there was not any real steak knives to cut the prime rib.  We were expected to cut the meat with our generic knives that came with the table.  -and yes I asked the server for a real steak knife and he looked at me like I asked for something personal.  Geez.Even the hot tea (I always ask for that with my meal)--I did not get a lemon nor honey with my tea.  Would I go here again?  NOWould I recommend the place to others?  ONLY TO EXPERIENCE THE "BELLAGIO BUFFET" ITSELF.So far my favorite right now is The M Resort Studio B Buffet.  Yes they have raised the price...but I would say the overall experience at the M is worth it.  I am paying a lot of moneynot  to eat everything in sight and have to roll me out of there....I am paying a lot of money for quality and taste of the food, the attentiveness of my server who deserves a nice tip and the ambiance of the place.
3	I'd give it a 3.5 if i could....not 100% over the top, but definitely one of the better buffets I've ever been too.  Plus i'm pleased we cheated the system and ate dinner for the price of lunch!If you're planning on eating here, get in line around 315/330p so that you've paid before the dinner prices kick in at 4p.  You'll be glad you did.  Not only will you have saved $$ that you can now lose later at the tables, but you'll get a taste of lunch and their fabulous dinner!The array of food is absolutely insane.  I filled my plates and took of a few bites of each thing and shared the rest with friends at the table.  The prime rib, beef wellington, and lamb will melt in your mouth!  The sushi is decent buffet sushi, and the spicy tuna and salmon poke is delish!  The crab and shrimp were disappointing.  Both on ice and water logged especially since the crab legs were already split; however, you can take the crab legs over to the Asian Station and they'll steam them up.  I didn't take the time to do it, but that just sounds better!  The pesto mashed potatoes, sweet potatoes, asparagus, mushrooms, etc were all very flavorful.  AND of course, i'm so glad i passed up all the sweet treats throughout the trip and saved it for the buffet because they were YUMMMMMMMMMMY!!!!!! I highly recommend the little chocolate dome, the pecan tart, and the lemon meringue (as long as you like it tart!).    Late lunch, early dinner...saves you money, a long wait in line, and gives you time for food to digest.
3	We definitely beat the system and got in line just before the increase in price for dinner kicked in .... I'm so glad we did because I personally did not think it would have been worth the $40-some dollars.  Maybe I'm just pickier than most but I would much rather get a delicious meal that I chose and was individually cooked rather than huge platters cooked and left in a buffet line (I was outnumbered doing a buffet haha so don't hold me to the "why did you go then?").  I was extremely disappointed by the crab legs, which were all split and put on ice ahead of time so they were frozen and water-logged.  The meat was okay (except the Kobe beef, which was inedible) .... I definitely enjoyed the fresh fruit and desserts the most, which is a shame when you pay so much.
4	This buffet is definitely one of the better buffets on the strip and worth stopping by. I cam here for Sunday brunch which is always popular here.  The line came out onto the casino floor when I arrived with my party so it was a bitI of a wait.  Once inside we were showed to our table and made a dash to start plating up some food.  Many different items to choose from including fresh sliced turkey and prime rib and omelets made to order.  The scrambled eggs in the buffet were very runny but the omelet man was able to cook up some fresh ones that were well done.  The server was busy of course but pretty attentive and easy to get a hold of for more drinks and champagne. Can't go wrong with a champagne brunch! The desserts were excellent and it's always difficult to save room but definitely try! The coffee is always outstanding. I try to have at least 2 cups of it there.  Highly recommend!!
3	I was expecting great things of this buffet, it's apparently one of the best in Vegas. We stood in while for 20 minutes before they relieved us of a suitable amount of money and we were shown to our table. Our waitress had a little bit of an attitude issue as she refused to get our drinks order until we were all at the table. God forbid she'd have to make two trips to our table with drinks!The selection in my opinion was poor and nothing like what I was expecting. All of the food was actually pretty uninspiring, nothing really springs to mind as exceptional. Average and not worth the money.As we felt the service was poor we didn't leave a tip, however our waitress reminded us we should leave a tip. Very cheeky.
1	After reading all the incredible reviews about your Friday night Gourmet Dinner, I was enthusiastic about the opportunity of dining at The Buffet. Unfortunately, I was extremely disappointed. There was nothing gourmet about this dinner. I arrived at 9:15pm and clearly paid prior to entering the buffet. I was hungry and excited to enjoy the culinary delights. The dining tables were dirty with trash all over the floor. This was quite unexpected. Furthermore, service was horrendous. My plates were never cleared promptly upon completion of my meal. I would return from the buffet line to the same set of plates, with no room to place my new plates. The buffet food options were also unacceptable. The seafood was not fresh, rather suspiciously fishy and to the point where it might have been spoiled. There were limited options as items were not replenished even though the buffet remains open until 10:30pm. The "Kobe" beef was tough, dry, and inedible.Don't go here, spend the same amount of money and go to Sushisamba at the Palazzo!
5	the two times i've been here, we've always came with a bad, bad case of the munchies.the first visit here, it was a saturday and the line was inexplicably long! that was understandable, because it was a holiday weekend and we did come at noon. the wait was about 1.5hours.the second visit here, it was a tuesday lunch! and the line was JUST as long! that only goes to show you how friggin DERISH this place is.glass of ginger ale, please!FABORITES--+ SHRIMP PESTO PIZZA -- did i just die and go to pizza heaven? i'd hate to fill up on pizza at a buffet, but LOHHHDD this one really hit the spot!+ eggs benedict -- i tried to make my own and it was a terrible fail all three times! this place perfects it with this kind of creamy and slightly tangy hollandaise. again, i'd hate to fill up on just eggs benedict and pizza but OMG!+ SHRIMP COCKTAIL -- these shrimps were on steroids or something, cus they be fat as FFFFF!+ good ol' plain salmon or tuna sashami -- can't go wrong if they always be fresh!+ good ol' caesar saladand last but not least....+ grab about 5 plates of their itty bitty pieces of cheesecake. here i go with a FRIENDS reference -- you'd want to still pick at this cheesecake even after it's fallen on the ground. "mama's little bakery from chicago, illinois?" no one gets my references :(i'd suggest coming here after you've hit up all the day clubs and pool parties of the summer :)GO HUNGRY, LEAVE HAPPY
1	No, no, no, NOO!garbage, garbage, garbage.I don't understand why everyone is raving about this place-- it is really not good.If you like flavor, you don't want to eat here. If your sober you don't want to eat here. If you value yourself you don't want to eat here.Over priced, tastes like blahhh.Nah. Just eat ramen for a quater okay, your drunk anyways. . .
1	A few reviews got it right. This place is nothing special at all. Could be any second rate buffet anywhere. Dry, cardboard textured fish, wet, over-dressed salads, soggy pizza, and what I would consider a lack of choice. Oh, we also sat at a table surrounded by tables that had not been cleaned - dirty dished heaped around us. The value is there if your going to make 16 runs to the crab claw and shrimp table as most where doing with crab legs stacked 18 inches high on a plate. My advice - skip this place!
3	i came for breakfast on a sunday around 10:30am and the wait was not even 10 minutes.  i was pleasantly surprised that the breakfast buffet was only around $16/person and since i wanted to fill my tummy with lots of variety and healthy food to make up for the damage i had already done and was planning on doing, i tried to stay away from the carbs.i had a good amount of fruit, oatmeal, sausage, canadian bacon, scrambled eggs, apple cinnamon crepes, japanese seaweed salad, shrimp cocktail, and dessert.  by the time i got to try some of the dessert that was coming out for lunch, i was so full that i didn't get to thoroughly enjoy my treat.  so my favorite was the apple cinnamon crepe.  everything else was what you would expect for breakfast - not overly or under seasoned, nothing too out of the ordinary.  it was just good food to fill your belly for the day.other food options that i noticed included omelettes, a mexican station, a variety of pizza, chinese congee (!) and other chinese choices, sushi, seaweed salad, cold cuts, assorted cheese, hummus, cereal, salads, sorbet, mini pancakes, mini belgian waffles, and a full bar.  the buffets that i've been to on the east coast usually charge you extra for drinks (coffee, juice, etc.), but not at the bellagio.  the only extra we paid for was for the mimosa.
3	Not as good as the Rio buffet, but it's worth going to! Sometimes the line is way too long and we end up going somewhere else... It's not worth a 2 hour wait (no buffet is) it is a little pricy compared to other buffets and there is no local discount  so keep that in mind as there are plenty of places that love local business.
4	Take your credit cards and cash, this is the priciest buffet you'll ever experience. It was not cheap back in 2004 for me. Luckily for me, I won $5K at a Bellagio poker tournament later that night. On both of my visits back in 2004 and 2012, same high quality items. Casual wear is good. As I mentioned, it' very high priced, thus it's a four star rating for me. Still, this is what I expect from one of the classiest casinos in the world.
5	ATTENTION ALL BUFFET PEOPLE!!!!I SPENT HOURS LOOKING FOR THE PERFECT BUFFET FOR MY ONE NICE BUFFET IN VEGAS.  WE HAVE A WINNER!!!I have tried all the ones that are priced over 35 bucks.  I am not sure when i will be back in vegas and i only had one shot to get this right.THEY HAVE SNOW CRAB AND KING CRAB.  THEY HAVE PRIME RIB, TURKEY, RACK OF LAMB, KOBE TENDERLOIN and some other various meats that didn't catch my eyes.This place is HUGE.  This place on saturday night at 6:30 is PACKED.  Plan accordingly.  The line wrapped along outside the casino passed the bathroom.  I asked an attendant how long is the wait.  He said an hour.  I then found one of the coolest things ever.  If you are less than a party of 4 and over 21, they will seat you immeadiatly at the bar.  When we were done (90 minutes later) people who were in front of us in the massive line were still far away from getting in.I only used caps in this review because a good buffet is judged by its crab legs and carving station.  I did do something new at a buffet. ,  one of my plates consisted of new food i have never tried. I cant remember what they were but i was impressed.Bottom line, if you only get one expensive buffet in vegas and you want your moneys worth... This is your jackpot!!!  I am glad i can put the vegas buffet debate to rest. This is the only review you will have to read.
3	I had made a point to visit all the casino buffets that had decent reviews, and this was the last one.  We got in line around 3:15 on Sunday, and finally got seated around 3:40, just in time for the end of Brunch.  The food was decent, I really love the prime rib, turkey, one of the pastas, and pizzas, but the rest of it was pretty mediocre.
5	Spicy Tuna Hand Roll. bam.Sea Bass. Bam.Creme Brulee. BAM.Best buffet I've tried in Vegas (I was able to hit up 3 others during the trip). Yup, we have us a winner, and I'd be back again and again. Everything else I had was good- not spectacular like the 3 items mentioned above but still very good. Service was also surprisingly good for a buffet. All of our drinks came out in a timely manner, and their Pear Martini is schoo nomz. Tip: If you have a large group (we had 25), swing by a few hours ahead of time and pre-pay so that you can skip the line when you're ready to eat. Otherwise, be prepared to wait- especially around dinner time. It's a shame though that I stuffed myself silly with food, martinis, and champagne...the proceeded to sit backwards in a limo where the driver didn't understand the concept of slowly accelerating and slowly braking, got carsick, and yacked everything up by the time I made it back to the hotel. Oh well. Viva Las Vegas!
2	I  ended up at the buffet because I wanted to go to the Wicked Spoon over in the Cosmopolitan but didn't think I'd make it in time since it was close to closing.  The Buffet at Bellagio is open until 10 pm so I trekked over there with my husband to check it out.   The line was extremely long but moved fast.  It costs $29.99 per person to eat here which wasn't too bad considering beverages were included as well as dessert.   One of their draws is the never ending snow crab legs.  I'm not into snow crab legs so I passed but other people were piling their plates to the ceiling with those things.   I went through the buffet line 3 times.  Must try:   Mashed Potatoes, Heirloom Tomato Salad, and Broccolini Meh:  Kobe Beef Tenderloin (didn't taste like anything special and extremely dry)Prime Rib (way too bloody) Gross:   Macaroni and cheese, pizza, "homemade" sausages and most of the desserts.  The only good thing at the dessert buffet was the chocolate mousse in a waffle shell.   Overall, I would probably give another buffet a try before going back to this one.   It wasn't a bad price for the selection but the food just wasn't as good as what everyone is saying.
4	One of the best buffets in Vegas. There is a large selection of different kinds of ethnic foods, prime rib, steak, pork, roasts, etc. The dinner buffet will cost you $32 including tax.My favorite dish was the three cheese tortellini with a pesto walnut sauce. Delicious.
5	2 thumbs up to all the seafood and yummy dessert~~
3	First ate here March 2011 and I loved it so much that I really have to go back this year. Unfortunately, for some reason it didn't satisfy me anymore. They have a huge selection of food which was good and the server was very attentive even if there was a lot of guests to serve drinks. Like all the other buffets, the line here looked horrible but don't worry because unlike the others, the line here was moving fast. There are a lot of buffets in Vegas that I have yet to try so I'll be skipping this next year.
3	For almost a $40 dinner, I expected some amazing food. Instead, I got a huge line for the seafood section, limited options, and a tiny desert section. The prime rib was tough (I even asked for a steak knife (which they didn't have) because I couldn't cut through with their dull butter knives), crab legs were pre-cut, and the deserts were disappointing. What's with the long line for this place? Definitely not worth it.
2	Came for the brunch buffet and waited in line for about half an hour. I hadn't been to Vegas in 5+ years, but I remembered grand buffets with delicious and interesting foods. I've changed in 5 years, but the brunch buffet was not spectacular at all. The restaurant seemed a little worn down, and everything on the line was mediocre- mashed potatoes, scrambled eggs, omelets, pancakes... even the carving station meats weren't very good- under salted, under flavored. There were some good items- the salmon (covered in BBQ sauce- strange), the two types of seaweed salad, and the smoked salmon. The dessert station was another disappointment- absolutely nothing tempting. The whole thing reminded me of a cruise ship buffet.
4	5 buffets in 36 hours... Vegas baby! Yeah!4 of 5 Went here for lunch on a friend of mine's dime. That's the only way to do it baby! Kidding...I had just had the Paris buffet in the morning, so I wasn't feeling too hungry... So I really only ate the three cheese ravioli  and the beef ravioli. I tried some sushi California rolls, gelato And some cheesecake. They only had tri tip roast at the time, so I didnt get any red meat other than what was in the beef ravioli.By beef ravioli I really mean tortellini I think.The server was great, very attentive and pro active. Anyway, good food, good dessert and good service.
4	Grandeur and excess in it's most edible form. The Bellagio is a treat to visit for any reason, but to pig out on thousands of calories of good food? "Stone Cold" Steve Austin coined the phrase, "GIMME AN' OOOOO HELLLLLL YEAHHHH!!!!"Their selection is so great, you'll burn some cal's walking around looking for items to fill your plate. There's a vast array of cuisines from a multitude of different cultures that are all prepared well and presented nicely. Your going to feel horrible about yourself. You'll likely grab far more than you need, only nibble on certain things, then leave your plate fairly full so you can return for the items you couldn't fit on your initial run. I suppose this is commonly the case at a buffet, but due to the caliber of food here it feels like a greater wrong. My only quarrel, which is typical at most buffets, was that most of the food looked far better than it tasted. While in Vegas, I absolutely feel this is a must stop for anyone who is desiring the notorious "buffet" experience. You'll feel like you have the world at your fingertips. Now to find the crappiest buffet, like the one from National Lampoon's Vegas Vacation. "I'll have some of the yell-ah, and dont go cheap on me now!"
3	Champagne Brunch Buffet: NOT AS GOOD AS THE MIRAGE DON'T DO IT.The Mirage buffet Cravings is much better than this buffet and is the same price. There is nothing wrong with this buffet. It has the standard large selection and freshness one can expect from the higher end Vegas buffets. But my opinion is go to the Mirage buffet instead.
5	This buffet is Vegas in its grandest form of all-you-can eat dining. Everyone who can afford $40 to spend on a meal needs to make a stop by this great landmark. Of course there are other great buffets that serve better food like at the wind hotel, but I think it's like ten or 15 dollars more over there.So anyways, me and my friends went to the Bellagio buffet for dinner and stood in line for like 30 minutes, but that's okay because once we sat down we ate for more than two hours straight. I could tell the waiters were getting annoyed at how long we were taking because for them time is money. They wanted us to hurry up, give them their stupid tip, and leave so that the next group of diners could sit down, hurry up and tip, leave, and so on. Screw those waiters. Don't mind the stairs they give you once you pass the one hour mark. Just tell them to clear your plates and keep the drinks coming in. Like WTF, those guys ain't even waiters because they don't even take your order. They are just overpaid busboys who think they deserve a $30 tip for clearing a table for a party of three. If I'm going to pay like $120 plus thirty bucks in tip for me and two other people to eat, I'm taking my sweet-ass time...know what I'm sayin'? So screw those busboys. I almost swear that having a loser job like that in Vegas makes more money than a professional lawyer or doctor in some small states nobody cares about like Wyoming, Arkansas, or the north part of California.Whatever. Anyways, (-_-) I made sure all I ate was the expensive stuff. I skipped soup and salad. Who cares for that crap at a buffet? I don't even know why people load up on lettuce and clam chowder when there are delicacies like snow crab legs, shrimp cocktail, kobe-style filet-mignon, and paella Valencia waiting for them. If you're going to eat salad bar items, there is no need for you to come here. Just pay $4 and go across the street to McDonald's and get a salad shaker.Have you ever seen a ghetto person at an expensive buffet? Hahaha, that was me at the Bellagio. I wasn't being rude and annoying or anything like that, but people could tell that I come from the other side of town, from Southern California. You can spot a ghetto person at a buffet by seeing the mountain of food on his/her plate while coming back from the buffet line, like he/she will never eat like that again. Or how about the ghetto people who come at the end of lunch hour to pay the reduced price and stay until dinner? We were going to do that, but unfortunately we got caught in one hour traffic on the Vegas trip, and we were late.Anyways, hahaha. I really enjoyed my time. Have fun y'all!
2	We were very hungry after a long hike that we needed a buffet to fill our tummies.  I was very disappointed that the food didn't taste that great even for our empty stomachs!  Everyone raved about the king crab legs, but I like them defrosted, not icy!shrimp, also icy, and cocktail sauce (very bland, it was closer to ketchup than cocktail sauce I had to spike it with more horseradish and lemon juice) were very disappointing. Chilean sea bass was good but not the teriyaki sauce they put on top. Some of the dishes were okay but most were bland.  This place got one more star than it deserved because of the service.  They were charging $45 for this? (Easter weekend deal).
4	Bottomless mimosas, omelet station, sugar free desserts?!?! Amazing.NO SALSA!?!?! Toto, I guess we aren't in Texas anymore.
2	Supposed to be the best in Las Vegas but I had better at other places for cheaper. I go for the crab legs but when I tried theirs out it was a bit too salty so I was disappointed. Probably will not try it again unless a group of friends force me to go.
3	$50.00 per person to eat here. I was hesitant at first and was like WHY NOT, I AM IN VEGAS. There isn't much to choose from the buffet but it was pretty good. I thought that crabs were super salty and I wished they have more of a dessert selection to choose from. The buffet overall was ALRIGHT. Not the best, I still prefer the World's buffet over this. At least they have FRIED CHICKEN which was something that I absolutely craved while in the Bellagio's buffet. Also, they have NO RESTROOMS there! What the heck is that?
2	MEH. NO CRAB LEGS NO CARE.Waited in line while my boyfriend gambled for 2 hours as I waited in a long, endless line. Good thing the Bellagio has wifi. They know wsup. But it was for Sunday brunch so I suppose they wouldn't have crab legs but hey, I was expecting some because it's Vegas! Who cares if it's brunch? The line actually moved along quickly and as I got closer to the cashiers, its really the cashiers that work slow and carry out the line, not the actual wait to get seated because there's unlimited seats inside! We got settled in and paid 25 a person for brunch and skipped over for another 5 dollars unlimited champagne. The food selection was minimal, with most of the emphasis on breakfast food. Had everything from waffles to mash potatoes to eggs benedict and bagels and everything else one could think of for brunch! I felt the variety of food that caters for a buffet was short and wasn't worth the money. However they did have prime rib, which was chewy and medium rare. Very thinly sliced but it was certainly unlimited! Perhaps it was bad timing or just Sunday, but it certainly wasn't worth the wait especially for my birthday. It wasn't a full meal perhaps the Aria buffet would have been a slightly better choice.
4	My friend and I decided to come to the Bellagio buffet since it is supposedly one of the best buffets in Vegas. Since we arrived at 7pm, and it was Easter weekend, we ended up waiting for a little over an HOUR. Yes, sounds very long especially after you did not eat all day. However, it was worth it! I'm not sure if I liked the price though... It was supposed to be around $35-38 for dinner, but it was $44-45 plus tax so it was almost $49 plus tip after dinner. However, the service was great. Our waiter was really sweet, friendly and helpful. The food was good, and they had a range of American, Chinese, Japanese, and Italian. Plus their dessert selection was huge. This is one of the biggest buffets I have been to so it was exciting to have many options! =) I would go again with my family.
5	Bellagio Buffet is standard for breakfast and lunch so don't judge it if you only ate here for breakfast or lunch.  Compared to other vegas buffets, it is a great buffet for dinner if you like your meats.   If you want crabs for lunch, go to Aria Buffet. Last time I ate at Bellagio Buffet Dinner was in March 2012.  They had quail, duck, lamp chops, kobe steaks, prime rib, decent tuna and salmon sushi.  When I woke up in the morning I lost weight.  WTF? :)Cons:  The lines are almost always super long.   The Mlife players card Gold/Platinum members get to skip the line.   Getting Gold Status is worth it solely for this purpose if you come to Vegas more than once per year.
4	Spectacular. Food that really hits the spot. Where else can you get quality sea bass, salmon sashimi, rack of lamb, crab legs, and a plethora of other goodies all or the price of 29 bucks a person? Seriously this is a quality buffet with the MOST AWESOME cheesecake I have ever had in my life.  The Buffet at Bellagio doesn't mess around. Come here it's worth it.
3	Fortunately, we missed the Easter brunch crowd by arriving early otherwise an hour wait at least.The $5.00 extra for champagne is good value and recommended vs. buying drinks individually.A nice selection of fresh fruit and I enjoyed the creamed herring, smoked salmon, shrimp and crab legs. Other offerings were fairly routine for an Easter Brunch but no complaints and service was attentive.
1	Lunch for two on April 12, 2012 - Thursday afternoon at 2 PM. Worst buffet Ive ever eaten at in Vegas. $48 for two - food looked decent, tasted like crap. Overcooked, over salted mushy pastas... Shrimp were soggy and limp (old), Seared salmon was very fishey, tasted oild, RIbs were half cooked and tough and VERY salty, the ceaser salad was limp and soggy, even the cheesecake was bland and pasty. HOW do you ruin cheescake? The only decent food I had was the flank steak (and I could have gotten a top flank steak anywhere else for $5.99)  I went here because I'd read good reviews online... I normally go to Sams Town or Rio. I will never go back to this buffet again it was a waste of money and time. I could barely eat the food and I am NOT a picky eater! I almost complained immediately and asked for my money back. I wish I had, as 90% of the food we took went into the trash..
3	I was very hyped up about this place. I heard great things. Besides that, it's in the Bellagio so it has to be great. I will say it was good, but not great. Food was okay, selection was okay, but I must say, I expected more.
5	I've been to MANY buffets in my lifetime, and this is one of the one's I'll likely remember for a while. A little pricey for a buffet, BUT well worth it given the quality and quantity of the food served.We arrived around 8pm and were seated promptly, and did not have to wait in long lines to fill our plates at the various food stations. The food was EXCELLENT - everything was delicious, fresh and well-presented. The waiter providing our drinks was pretty attentive, considering it was busy and he likely had more than a few tables to tend to. My only regret is that I got full more quickly than I'd hoped - always my gripe when it comes to buffets. I believe we paid $40-$50 to eat dinner here, which may seem a little high, when you can score a dinner buffet at another hotel for perhaps half that price - but I've been to enough $25 buffets to appreciate the quality and variety of a really good one like the Buffet at Bellagio. We got what we paid for, and I'll be back here again.PS. It seems people think tipping at a buffet is optional in Vegas. To you, I say, these are hard-working people bringing you your drinks and coffee. They may not be bringing you your dinner or dessert, but don't be so stingy!! TIP YOUR BUFFET WAIT STAFF, PEOPLE!! I watched a 60-year-old waiter get stiffed by more than a few tables, and that kind of thing just PISSES me off. If you ain't prepared to tip, go to McDonalds for dinner. Nuff said.
4	Went to the buffet twice for breakfast, and was very happy I did.  All-you-can-eat breakfast items for $17?  Yes please!  Scrambled eggs are a little wet, but they have a cook preparing eggs and omelets to order.  Meats, breakfast pizza, pastries, just about anything you could want.Didn't try lunch or dinner, though.
3	i went on a monday when there were not too many people for lunch. the price is decent, only $20. now the buffets are expensive in vegas. we got seated right away. the food is good and has a wide variety of selections. the service was prompt on the drinks and taking the used plates. they allow people to dine for 2 hours which is more than enough i think but i guess some people go for lunch and dinner to be cheap. overall a nice place to go for a variety of food if you dont want to just order and eat one thing.
4	I enjoyed eating at this buffet. It was surprisingly cheap for Monday lunch at 45 dollars for 2 people. I don't know if their prices for lunch ranges on the weekends.The shrimps at the shrimp cocktail bar were pretty good in size. I've also noticed that they are big on pesto: Pesto pizza, pesto pasta, and even pesto mash potatoes!The brisket was really great. They also had ribs and prime rib. Even though I didn't have dessert, their desert bar looked really good as well.My only complaint is that the sushi bar was pretty sad. There were 3 different rolls, and pretty sad looking rolls at that. We went at about 2:30 and there was no line at all, however, when we left around 3:30, there was a very long line, which was odd.
1	I had heard so much about the buffet at the bellagio before my trip to Vegas and from my experience it was a total disappointment. The selection was limited and the food was no better than a sizzler.I think Vegas Buffets build a huge rep and once the crowds roll in they lower their standards and quality.We also went to Wicked and liked that much better.
3	Beware the buffet line is extremely long. We started waiting at 9:30ish (after watching the fountain show!) and finally entered the food realm an hour later. It was on a typical Tuesday. At 10, the lady who works there announced: "Food will be taken away at ten thirty. There is no refund. Again, NO refund." The buffet closes at 11.. Iono if it was the long wait or the condescending tone... my friend and I vowed to eat everything in sight. At 10:28, we (2 girls) finally sat down and had 8 plates of food on our table. I could sense server ladies smiling and three Chinese girls taking pics and snickering. I bet those are on somewhere on fb lol. We didn't care. We just digged in. We never finished.. felt bad we wasted so much food but oh well they were gonna throw em away anyways..The food was just normal buffet. Maybe we had too much high hope? Thought Bellagio Buffet would be much more. Dessert was awesome tho :)
5	The food here is pretty good and the sushi is fresh. $30 for dinner weekdays is not bad considering other buffets in Vegas cost more. I will definitely come back.
4	I CLIMBED THE MT. EVEREST OF FOOD AND ATE MY WAY TO THE BOTTOM!Before heading to Vegas two weeks ago I looked up the best buffets in Vegas and the one at the Bellagio definitely looked the best for it's price ranked #2 and cheaper than most. So when we went to Vegas I knew we had to explore this journey to the center of my stomach. First off I will comment on their service and their lines. The service was amazing! A man came and asked us how many were in our party and said that we had over a 30 minute wait where we were in line, but since there was only three of us he would take us right in. We ordered the lunch with all-you-can-drink mimosas for ONLY $5 EXTRA and it totaled $30something, less than $40 so that was really good. I have to say the lady who brought us our drinks was incredibly sweet and we enjoyed a few laughs with her.When we got there for lunch they still had half of their menu from breakfast. So for starters, they had two chefs cooking omelets just the way you wanted fresh for you after you pick the toppings you want. They had sausage, bacon, pancakes, french toast, banana french toast (didn't know this existed, but it was AMAZING), and pretty much anything else you would want for breakfast. They also had a huge round table full of vegetables, fruits, and already-made salads. They had other stations for making your own personal salad; ham, prime rib, & turkey cut fresh as you ask for it; an oriental section with noodles and fried rice, soups, a huuuuuge selection of desserts, and they even had a sushi bar with people making fresh rolls right there (which my roommate went insane over). The only thing I was very sad about was that there were no snow crab legs as it was advertised online. Overall, they had so much to eat and I left with enough food to feed me for a week. It was awesome. I felt like a camel with my lump in the front. People always talk about food babies, but I walked out 9 months pregnant.
4	I guess it's just as good as you'd expect! Tried the carving station, had a huge pile of crab legs, and a custom omelet. I have a bit of a gripe about the omelets...my fiance and I made it a point to get here before breakfast service ended precisely because I wanted to hit the omelet bar. We got in with about 30 minutes of breakfast service left, and when I got to the omelet station they were already breaking it down and getting ready for lunch. There was only the standard "huge platter filled with scrambled eggs sitting over a sterno can." I was annoyed...I complained "I didn't pay all that money to eat pre-made eggs sitting under a heat lamp!" Now, I'll give the guy credit...he said "I'll make you whatever you want" and so I still got my omelet! That was the right thing to do and I appreciated it. But it seems like I shouldn't have had to complain...most people wouldn't have said anything and would have just walked away disappointed. They should find a way to keep the station open right up until the end of the breakfast service.Besides that, nothing but good things to say. I had a fantastic mimosa and made myself some sliders on rolls with the meats from the carving station, which were amazingly tender. The crab legs were the sweetest I've ever had...I think the snow crab was a little better than the king crab.Great pastries. We had a sampling of them for dessert.
5	This is the best buffet that I've ever had in my life - Vincent S. This buffet had everything. It's pricey, but it's definitely worth the $40 that we paid. It had Kobe beef and just about everything that we wanted to eat. The service was great. As soon as we got up to get a new plate, they quickly removed our plates. I was pleasantly surprised with everything that I tried. They even had homemade marshmallows. How do you make marshmallows? This place is insane.  They also have a substantial collection of desserts, but I don't eat dessert very much, so I'm going to withhold judgement on this. I'm writing this review two days after eating at this place. I am still full. I still don't really want to eat anything. Everything else that I had this weekend does not compare.My only issue with this place is the price, but if you're in Vegas, you can easily win all that money back at the casinos.
5	Meals always taste better when they are free.  Especially a buffet at the Bellagio!  My friend and I played credit card roulette to decide who pays for his buffet and the other persons.  Luckily for me, the cashier picked his credit card :) .  We came around lunch time, and the wait was minimal.  We paid and got seated within a few minutes.  Great!  Then we gathered a bunch of food and feasted.  I got the scrambled eggs, pesto mashed potatoes, pasta, fried rice, etc.  Everything tasted great.  I got seconds fairly quickly, when I should have rested for a little while.  I started to get full, and although I managed to get a third plate, I regretted the last.  Moving on to the desert, they had a ton of selection.  I got the cheesecake and bread pudding.  They tasted fantastic.  Free buffet? Win!
5	This place was great!  Also expensive.  The buffet costs $40 (before tip, after taxes), but the food was awesome and the service was great (though someone in our group telling the server that we'd be tipping after we finished might have helped with that).  They have a huge variety of food, so I didn't even have time to get through all of it, but the sushi and meats were pretty tasty, especially for a buffet.There're probably about a dozen different meats that the servers will cut for you, so if you love kobe beef, rack of lamb, and all that other good stuff, you'll probably love it here.  I wish I had been hungrier so I could've gone back for seconds, but trying one of everything was pretty good too.Also the desserts... I don't know if they always have the same stuff, but the home made marshmallows and meringues were delicious.Oh, and one of the biggest things you should watch out for... the lines.  I'm sure there're better off-peak hours you can probably get in more easily, but we went around 7 or 8ish, so it was PACKED.  If we had waited in line, it probably would've taken at LEAST an hour to get in.  Luckily a friend talked to one of the servers and got us to skip the line, I'm not sure how, but you might be able to skip the line if you have some sort of membership, or maybe just if you're a girl good at sweet talking waiters :POverall: Awesome buffet with a lot of delicious food, but watch out for the long-ass line.
2	Disappointing.  We were here a few years ago so I can confidently say the quality has gone downhill.  There is a large selection of food but it is not as diverse or delicious as it used to be.  The food is still good, but not great.  The presentation is decent, but probably not great in terms of food handling.  The shrimp cocktail was particularly bad in that it was sitting directly in a huge pile of ice which looked nice, but made the shrimp taste like ice... which tastes like nothing.  The tub of cocktail sauce that had been spilled all over and was warm was also less than appetizing.  The desserts were the final straw, they looked amazing but tasted terribly, seriously - inedible.  The service was slow and slightly forgetful.  The entire place needs a facelift, the carpets are getting gross, the tables and decor outdated and in need of repair.  Again, the food is good but not great - there are better options, specifically I would recommend the Wicked Spoon next door at the Cosmopolitan.  The Bellagio is going to have to work much harder to compete.
4	Vegas has a plethora of buffets, with ones at The Wynn, Planet Hollywood, and Cosmopolitan, just to name a few. Those, I've been to, and I've had a mixed bag of experiences.The Bellagio, however, is a classic. I typically make my way to this particular buffet once a year.Under $30 for a buffet lunch? That's almost unbeatable in Vegas, considering the quality of buffet you're getting - salads, seafood, Asian, Greek, American, an assortment of meats and seafood - go there during lunch. But also, if you arrive during the 11-3 lunch rush on weekends (which essentially spans the entire lunch time frame), be prepared with other forms of entertainment, as you'll most likely be graced with a 1-2 hour wait.However, for dinner, they offer lamb, the beef wellington, crab legs, shrimp cocktail, steak tartare, and ahi/salmon poke - in addition to the goodness they serve at lunch. More $, More Gluttony? Less $, Less Gluttony?Expect to pay a little under $50 for dinner, but the choice of trade-off is yours.
5	My boyfriend and I went yesterday for lunch ! I read all the reviews on yelp and decided that I wanted to check it out ! We decided to skip breakfast and save our apps for lunch ! Wow ! What a great buffet ! They have everything , salad bar station , meats and cheeses, ham , prime rib, ribs, oysters , Chinese food , American fair , overall , very American dinner would be excellent as they may have more seafood . At lunch 11 am there was  lots of fresh shrimp and the breakfast items ( eggs Benedict ) looked fresh and delicious . For the price , it was well worth it . But you have to go with a HUGE appitite ! It is great if you had a night of super partying and are super hung over!   Soooo much food , so small stomach ! Lol
2	Not really diverse. Price is high. You're really just paying for the presentation. Let's face it, nothing is cheap at the bellagio. Lol. Food was okay. Nothing spectacular. Husband liked the tres leches dessert. First time trying, and it wll be our last.
4	like it as much as the buffet at wynn
3	Id give this 3 1/2 stars if it werent for the LONG lines and bitchy service staff. The price was fair and the quality and selection was pretty good. Waited 30 minutes in line at 1:30pm on a Monday for lunch. Tried to go to dinner at 6pm the night before but the line was out into the casino and although we didnt wait prob would have been at least 90 minutes or longer. At one point I went to scoop some gravy onto my plate but the only spoon in the gravy was slotted;/ so I borrowed the sppon next to it (which was not in gravy) and the man behind the sneeze glass came unglued!!! LOL he shouted "why you not ask me for different spoon? Now its all contaminated and I cannot serve!!!!" I apologized but suggested he wasnt standing there when I needed the spoon and its silly to put a slotted spoon in gravy but he wasnt listening and didnt care as he was too busy acting like an overdramatic little bitch. Salad was great, rotisserie chicken was great......decent prices for B, L & D (approx $15, $20, and $30). Be prepared to eat off schedule meals or wait in a long line.
2	To my surprise, it was the buffet that I liked the least. The quality of food was not there. The food was presented in a way it didn't make me want to eat it but I gave it a try anyway since I was already there and had paid for it. A lot of the food that I tried didn't taste good and it tasted more like canned or frozen food. The place smelled bad, not a inviting scent for sure and was not very clean. Even the dishes were dirty, the waiter had a hard time finding me a clean fork that wasn't stained with residues. What a shame.
3	This was good not great. If you are going to a buffet I suggest the Cosmopolitan.
1	Wow...for a casion like Ballagio I would think this place would look amazing and have excellent customer service. No! The line is extremely long and the staff is rude as hell.  We were in line maybe 830 and didnt get in until around 930. The person yelled out that the place will close at 1030 and food be taken away. No refunds! Wow....So when we got into eat finally, I expect this place to look beautiful. Nope. It really look like your average buffet in your hometown.  We sat down and our waiter is an old Asian man who really shouldnt be working in a fast pace enviornment like that. We are Asian too sonof course we tried to be nice....but he wasnt having it. Our plates were piling up and our drinks were not filled.  I felt bad for this other young waiter who had to wait for our table because this man did not want to help us.  Our waiter was so bad, I saw the manager come over to him and yell at him to clean our table and get our drinks.  When he finally came over and forced to ask us if we are doing okay!   We said fine ( not really) and told him what drinks we wanted.  He never came back and the young waiter did it for us.  I saw him yell at our older waiter later...So...that isnt all! My friend was getting some food and thia time their cook staff was hastily throwing food away even though a lot of people were there eating.  One guy dumped a whole tray of old food into the trash right in front of my friend and she was splashed with the dirty food! We all complained to the manager.  She didnt seem to care.  She said she only can talk to the waiters/ people in her department.  The cooks are separate.  Well we said if she can talk to their manager.  She said she would...and that was it.  She didnt seem like she cared and I am sure the issue was not addressed.I really enjoyed going to the Ballagio but after eating here I feel like Ballagio isnt that reat anymore.  This Buffet really need to have a lesson in customer service and find our ways to treat their pyayimg customers better
1	The last time I came here, I was so impressed and couldn't shout my praises louder.  Last evening, was the most depressing letdown ever!  Basically, we got there around 8:30, waited for 30 minutes and this was fine.  However, by the time we were about to move onto dessert, our waiter told us the food was being put away and to get our dessert quickly. So my company of friends went to get a few desserts.  When we sat down, the waiter told us time was up and we had to leave!  "WHAT?! "  I had a plate of food and couldn't eat it?!  This is unheard of! This was all in a span of 5-10 minutes.  I've never hear of such a thing. Prices were also raised for this Mother's Day weekend. The couple next to us didn't even get to their dessert and just got up and left when they heard the waiter tell us time was up.  There were 3 different parties of people around us who were all kicked out without enough time to complete a full meal!  Come early and don't expect service!
4	Real good for a buffet. What can I say it's the Bellagio, it better be good. For being a local for many years I would recommend the Carnival Buffet at the Rio, I think it's pretty much the best everything... Price and variety.
3	It has been a few years since I ate at the Bellagio buffet but I recently came back here to eat and was surprised at how the quality of the food seemed to have diminished from my prior visits here a few years ago.  I used to always make a point to make this my favorite buffet spot and visit every Vegas trip but after this last trip when the food was just "ok" and expensive, I think I am going to try other buffets instead.  This buffet is not as good as the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan hotel.
5	The best buffet in town the salad bar is ammazing the best kind of delie meats, best food, wonderful shrimps and what can I say about the deserts I feel that I died and went to haven.The atmospher is wonderful, the service is great .If I had more stars I would give them and the price is very resonable for the quality of the food. Try it don't miss out.A+++++
4	I loved this place! I wanted to stay for my entire trip!  The only issue was they had upped the price for Mother's day, so it was 100 dollars for 2 people. We did eat our money's worth!  The sushi was great, the Beef wellington was fantastic and it was hard to choose which of the many desserts to indulge on.  The wait staff we had was fantastic and even made me chocolate milk!
5	The dinner buffet at the Bellagio is one of the best buffets in Vegas, hands down. I've been to Vegas every year since turning 21 and each time I look forward to this buffet.They have such a variety and high quality of food which separates it from the pack. They have Alaskan king crab, snow crab, shrimp, ribs, beef tenderloin, rack of lamb, kebobs, salad, sushi, sashimi, Asian favorites, pasta station, mussels, squid, and not to mention 20 types of desserts! I know the list above was not in any sort of order, but you get the idea.This is a place you don't want to miss out on. Being a foodie, ive sat here for 2 hours before. Tips:- come in between lunch and dinner (read between the lines)- the guy at the pasta station will steam your snow crabs if you like them warm. - there will always be a long line so come before the huge crowds for lunch and dinner--Check out my other reviews at http://nextstopdc.blogspot.com/
2	This place was just ok for me.  I've ate at better buffets in Vegas.  The choices were plentiful, but what buffet in Vegas doesn't have a million different things to choose from?  The quality of the food was pretty bad.  They had crab legs, but all of them were frozen, meaning they were completely coated in ice.  It was like having a crab popsicle.  How can you stomach that?  At least let them thaw before you put them out!  The prime rib was so fatty.  It was like, do you want a side of prime rib to go with that blob of cow fat?  The sushi was mainly rice, the the paella kind of flavorless, there were hardly any salad choices and the ones that actually looked good were behind a glass wall so you had to ask for it. So not friendly!  The only good things were the sea bass and panna cotta.  I say skip this and go somewhere else like Mandalay Bay or Paris.
2	My son and daughter-in-law were so hyped about going to this buffet because of the seafood varieties, kobe beef, lamb, etc.  While there was a nice variety, I felt the quality was not up to par.  The crab legs were cold, too much rice on the sushi, shrimp tasteless, kobe beef was not as tender as expected.  The sea bass and lamb were exceptional.  Unfortunately, the worst part of this experience, were the people seated next to us with a screaming toddler and small child. The parents tried to placate them by letting them wander around and be very disruptive. This went on for 60 minutes, until we could not deal with it anymore.  This has got to be the worst dining experience trying to digest food with a screaming toddler next to you. Maybe the food would have tasted better with a better atmosphere.  Staff should have spoken to the family!!!
2	One of the worst buffets that I have been to in a casino. I only gave it 2 stars because I didn't get food poisoning.The decor is terrible and it looks like a Denny's at best. It's definitely not what I would expect from a fine establishment like Bellagio.I definitely recommend Wicked Spoon right next door at the Cosmopolitan if you are a foodie.
4	still, by far, the best quality food on the strip for buffets! for the price, most restaurants can not compete in quality. bar setting within the space is a nice touch--no one else has that.  service is average; nothing bad, but what do you expect from a buffet?  decor should be on par with the cuisine; seems very outdated, and bland for Bellagio; and what it represents.  even though it IS a buffet, WHERE it is at, should warrant a dress code.  it is not circus circus.
3	Meh.  We waited in line for about an hour for a pretty average Vegas buffet, despite its inclusion on most "Best of" lists for the category.  Nothing was particularly special or delicious, the selection wasn't outrageous, and they weren't able to keep up with demand on many items, causing long lines.  Our server couldn't be bothered to check on us more often than every twenty minutes or so, and dirty dishes piled up on our table frequently.  The decor was nothing special.  And to top it all off, this was supposed to be a more special menu offering than normal; they were charging $100 for two, since they stretched "Mother's Day" pricing out over three days.  Really a disappointment.  I don't know if this used to be good, but it's extremely average now, even at the "normal" $30 price point for dinner.  With all the options in Vegas, Buffet and otherwise, I won't be back.
5	If you have to choose only one buffet to go in Vegas, it will be Bellagio for sure. Go with their weekends meal, it worthy it! great selection of food, fresh and tasty! I went to other buffet too in other hotels but got disappointed and went back to Bellagio again. it is best in vegas!
3	This place generates hype from some people..I don't know why. It's not bad but it's not great. Definitely better than the MGM resorts buffets but not the best out there. I guess for breakfast it was worth the try. I might have to try their dinner though..but I don't know because meals in Vegas are meaningful to me.
5	I rate The Buffet at Bellagio 5 of 5 stars. As a frequent visitor to the Las Vegas Strip, I am also a frequent visitor to the Bellagio and specially The Buffet at Bellagio. This buffet is the best of the best without a doubt. I have tried many others nearby and they don't compare to the size, selection, food quality, selection, service and did I mention the wide range of selections? At a different hotel (W**n), I have left their buffet hungry due to poor selections--nothing to eat. I assure you that this is not a problem at The Buffet at Bellagio. I specially value the huge selection of Sushi and Japanese food--in fact, one whole pod of the buffet is dedicated to this! Great breads and desserts! The only problem with The Buffet is that you gotta pay attention to where you are seated as you can easily get lost!
5	This place gives buffets a good name. The food is always fresh and interesting. The breakfast and brunch are possibly the best in Las Vegas. The Friday and Saturday night gourmet dinner buffet, is unreal. Try Beef Wellington, Venison and Steak Tartar just to name a few.
3	I remember coming to the Buffet at the Bellagio several years ago for Sunday Champagne Brunch and being blown away.   It was one of the best brunches I had ever eaten.  Alas, my most recent trip did not make nearly as stellar an impression.  I brought my mother here for her birthday dinner last month, wanting to share with her the wondrous buffet I remembered.  Well, we got off to a bad start.  My son fell asleep in the car on the way over (he's five and had been in the pool all day) and I carried him into the restaurant.  At the register, I discovered that there was no children's price and that I would be paying more than $30 to enter with my sleeping child.  Because it was mom's birthday, I went with it, but I was annoyed.  No child is going to eat $30 worth of buffet food. They want the pizza and dessert and not much else.  Of course he didn't want to wake up at all and refused to eat much of anything, so I paid for him to sit there and be cranky.  My bad.As for the adult meals, the food was fine.  I had prime rib, which was only OK, but the mashed potatoes were awesome.  My mother had the crab legs which she loved.  We must have sampled every dessert they served and each one was better than the last.  The waitress was kind of lazy and had to be waved down to refill our water.  Really the food was pretty good, so maybe it is just my son's behavior that's coloring my opinion on our meal,  but I just can't help but feel like we over paid.  There was nothing remarkable offered.  The service was iffy, the food was unexceptional.  Well, dessert was pretty great, but I don't need to pay almost $100 for my family to eat dessert.  I'm just not feeling the love for this place this time.
1	The buffet at the Bellagio has gone downhill in a big way. Had the weekend brunch here and the selection was not all that great and what was there was often cold and bland. Service was also not very good. I remember this place being so much better years ago when I first came here. For $25/head ($30 if you want champagne), I expect a lot better selection and quality. Don't waste your money here.
4	Best Americano in Vegas
4	We ate here Sunday Memorial Day Weekend the wait was long (1.5 hours) but it was worth it.  The service was unbelievably excellent, we had a great waitress Leilani that has been at the Bellagio since day one.  If you pay extra for the champagne and want mimosas get a glass of champagne with orange juice on the side.
4	We showed up at 10am for breakfast, and around 10:45 they started gradually replacing the breakfast food with lunch food!  So we got pretty much twice as much food to choose from... score!  I highly recommend doing this so you can experience double the food.I really enjoyed the breakfast - a really great variety of food. Tons of fruit, and some more unusual offerings too, such as breakfast pizza and 'congee' (which is Chinese rice porridge).  For the congee, add some miso soup & dried pork 'floss' (what an unfortunate name) to it! -- delicious.
2	Since my office didn't have a Christmas party last year, the owner of my company told us dinner was on him and to pick any place our little hearts desired. We immediately thought "buffet!" and then eventually narrowed our choices down to the Buffet at Bellagio and Wicked Spoon. Suffice to say we did not choose wisely.First off, the decor is laughably bad. Really killed the ambiance for me. I mean, the food can be luscious, but when you have to look up at ugly cream wallpaper and tacky mismatched china-as-wall-art, it takes away from the experience. Now, the nitty gritty: the food. Frankly, I was extremely underwhelmed. I go to a buffet for the sheer variety of food. I don't go to create one plate of meat & potatoes, a salad and a dessert. I like to go get a scoop of everything. Here, that added up to maybe 3 plates-worth of different dishes. Not a whole lot, comparatively. Some items were stand-outs though. I kept going back to the sushi bar again and again. Their sweet soy sauce is delicious and the fish was fresh. Also, there were mushrooms that were cooked to the point of melting in your mouth, with a great garlicky sauce. Everything else was average and, honestly, when you're paying around $30 per person, it should be way, way better.
4	Haven't tried all the buffet in vegas, but I was rather satisfied with the bellagio buffet. Showed up there at 7 on a Tuesday but still had to wait 25 min to be seated. Waiter came right away, brought drinks and kept taking dirty plate away. Plenty of dishes, nothing extraordinary but all decent. I recommend.
3	Short and simple, this buffet was decent, but didnt live up to the hype, and seemed like just your average buffet.  The food variety was decent, but quality was lack-luster, the only thing I really liked was the prime rib and the plethora of desserts.
4	After much deliberation and a lot of input by fellow yelpers, we decided that my girlfriends first experience at a buffet would be at the Bellagio. The food was all of good quality, but what impressed me the most was the side dishes; things like the mash potatoes and sauces were all really wonderful. A lot of time these items are just filler, but they were actually better than some of the main's.  Standouts; the crab legs, mashed potatoes and the brown sugar encrusted pork (the BBQ sauce that went with it made the dish my favorite main). The banana's foster was a fantastic desert, particularly when poured over their vanilla ice cream. My service was good as well; the waiter was very attentive. The only thing I found a little strange was that you don't really run a tab with cocktails if paying cash; you pay as you go (which caused us confusion as to if we should be waiting for change or refilling our plates). With the selection they had, the price was worth every penny.
5	My group and I ate here Sunday Memorial Day Weekend 2012. The wait was a long one, but the service was worth the wait. Our server was Leilani Q., if you are lucky enough to get her, thank your luck stars! She talked to us and she has been with the company for 19 years and Day 1 at the Buffet. SHE NEEDS A RAISE!!! She was on top of everything and made our meal delightful. For a champagne brunch the price was very reasonable compared to other places, I was shocked at how much less it was to other buffets. The food was okay, but just based on our server I will be back!
2	I'm sorely disappointed. I mean, I've had my reservations about doing a buffet, but since this was on so many top ten lists we figured it was a good place to try as any. Boy, were we wrong. Where to begin. The selection wasn't a mind blowing array, mainly Chinese, Japanese, Italian and Mexican. The food itself was bland, forgettable and greasy. Sadly the best things there were the Chinese broccoli and sea bass, but even those were so heavily greased it was hard to put down. The crab legs were still frozen. The prime rib looked like a slab of fat. The desserts were deceivingly pretty, but it tasted weird. Nothing tasted good. And to add insult to injury, when we asked for coffee, we got instant! INSTANT COFFEE. AT THE BELLAGIO! W.T.F.Don't waste your time. For $36.95pp, you're better off going to one of the restaurants instead.
5	Going into this I knew I was going to come out of the restaurant looking like a whale so I put in an extra 10 miles of running the week we headed to Vegas! Got to the Buffet at the Bellagio and was all business, didn't waste time with rice, pasta or potatoes ( didn't pay 45 bucks to load up on carbs LOL). Salmon, rib eye steak, bbq ribs and lots of other good stuff!! This buffet has the best selection of food out of all the others in Vegas and almost everything I had was really good. The salmon could have used a bit more salt and the roast turkey was a little dry however turkey is not exactly easy to make just right so I'll cut them some slack ;)No desserts, though they had a wicked selection but I don't need those types of sugars so I passed on them.Overall I was very satisfied with this buffet and it still remains at the top of my list.I'll have to put in 15 more miles the week we  head over to Vegas again, it's just that good :)
2	Don't waste your money. I don't understand what the hype was all about. Nothing really good at this buffet. I don't know why it was one of the top 10 in vegas.  Went during dinner and selection was ok.  The buffet iny local town was better than this.
2	I dont care for buffets much anyway most are very bland. This one is the same old thing, bland food, barely warm with eggs so runny it should be called the soup of the day!
4	Prime rib is a must! I had to go for seconds and thirds. Though I was so stuffed. Dessert had huge selection, delish!
4	Damn this is a lot of choice for food.No wonder I stayed for 1.5  hours.   Pricy but worth it.  I will be going back, curse you for being tasty!!!!
4	Seriously one of the best eggs benedict that I have ever had from a buffet. Rich, buttery perfected hollandaise sauce.
4	Yum. We were seated around 10 am. I was amazed at first that they had congee!!! They even had pork sung and miso soup for breakfast! It was the most exciting part of the meal. They also had lots of mixed berries, which were so sweet that J was wondering if they added sugar to it. I believe the answer is no, although I can't say that with 100% confidence. They also had the cutest little apples which were also very good. The food they serve seems to be good quality and not just large quantities. For breakfast, there's a huge selection. While we were there, they even started to bring out lunch foods! Had we waited around a little longer, we could've gotten our hands on more lunch food. I wanted to stick around until the sushi came out but wasn't willing to wait another hour. Regardless, we left happy and stuffed.
4	***Dinner buffet review***Reasonable price for nice variety including crabs and prime ribSo my husband and I are very much buffet fanatics when visiting Vegas.  We usually end up going to buffet at least once a day.  We always loved Bellagio buffet and have been here several times.  It has a great mix of pretty much what you expect in a buffet.  Considering price, food choices (seafood included), ambiance, it is a solid 4 stars.* Food:  - Snow and King crabs = cut in half and COLD.  The best thing about the crabs here is that they have plenty of them out so you won't have to stand in line for so long.  (HINT:  Snow crabs are actually more tasty than the King crabs...I know, it's werid)- Prime Rib = very yummy, very fast line.* Price: $29.95/person (Thursday night)* Ambiance = typical casino buffet.  Very nice but not so nice that you feel awkward carrying a plate full of crab legs and melted butter.  * Service = Very attentive.  No need to ask for refills or taking away dirty dishes.
2	was excited to eat here for lunch before edc 2012, and even more excited when we got to bypass the long line - my friend had a platinum something or other card.skipping the wait ended up being the best part of the buffet -_- low lights:1. ribs were hit or miss.  mine tasted fine. boyf's tasted like old marlin jerky2. food was cold, lukewarm at best3. bad selection of sushi. i'm probably spoiled from bay area asian buffets though alright:1. desserts were good.  but i wasn't there for desserts!!2. lots of fruit,  walked out like i was coming from a farmer's market3. not too $$ SKIP THIS PLACE!! Wicked Spoon @ cosmo is 9483215696969x better
3	Got into Vegas on a Sunday afternoon. After getting all checked in we decided to head on over here for their Sunday brunch. Pricing was good plus we got the unlimited mimosas. We arrived around 340 and there was no line. Brunch pricing runs until 4. At 4 the buffet switches to dinner and the crab legs come out. The food here was decent. Nothing spectacular. Their prime rib was good. The crab legs were ok. Nothing special there. Was too impatient to go and get them steamed somewhere else, although that would have made them better. The highlight of this brunch definitely would be the unlimited mimosas. It was a great way to start a mini vacation in Vegas. Plus they were not stingy on the champage to OJ ratio. Even though the brunch ends at 4, they will keep filling the glasses until 5!
2	It "ain't" what it used to be.MGM has created their own mess of low room rates, low service, and $14 drinks. The Buffet is now overcrowded with children and strollers as families are packing the "family truckster" for a "Vegas Vacation". I counted over 20 strollers in The Buffet!... That's not "SIN CITY" that's a day care center, with screaming children! These families aren't going to pony up $14 for a "girl drink" or $7 for a beer. Rather they'll anchor themselves for as long as possible and drink "diet Coke" until the fountain runs dry.In turn, MGM has gone on the cheap, cutting down on all of the service stations. They let pizza and other dishes sit there until the last slice is taken. For $20 (during the week) you get what you pay for... Love him or hate him, when Wynn ran the Bellagio he'd never stand for this average quality and service!
4	Bellagio had the best quality of food among the buffets I tried. Unfortunately, this buffet was not a part of the 24 hour buffet pass. However, after eating at the Rio Seafood Buffet, Flamingo Buffet, and Harrahs Buffet, Bellagio was much better as far as quality. The price is higher than the 24 hour pass buffets, but it's worth it.
5	Bellagio Buffet is why I have Vegas withdrawals. When I first think about Vegas, my mind immediately jumps to.. BUFFET! And then which buffet? It's usually a battle between this and Wynn. The Buffet at Wynn is pretty amazing too, and then my mind wanders off to chocolate covered strawberries and Bellagio Buffet takes the cake! The prime rib is nice and juicy. The crab legs have a lot of meat in them. Good selection of pasta and pizzas too. Everything else was pretty good. And the desserts--the chocolate covered strawberrries FERSUREEEE! Strawberries are big and scrumptious full of juice and covered with the perfect layer of chocolate, not too creamy and not too dark. Withdrawals are happening right now as I'm typing! And the creme brulee was soooo yummy. I LOVE BELLAGIO BUFFET.
4	I've had The Buffet at the Bellagio for weekend brunch (excellent) and weekday breakfast (okay) before. Finally, I tried it for the weekday dinner ($29.95 plus tax & tip). Overall, it was a highly enjoyable experience. There is a lot of variety (meat, fish, pizzas, pasta, fresh fruit, desserts), but not everything is equally good.Some Highlights:-The prime rib: flavorful and juicy-The sirloin: kinda bland, a little dry-The roasted turkey: unusually moist-The pesto mashed potatoes: yummy-The various roasted veggies: passable-The mini-desserts: varied, I recommend the lemon meringues, the financiers, and the cappuccino mousse. The tiramisu was not good. The creme brulee was okay.My husband liked:-The bluenose: tender and well-complemented by the sauce-The smoked trout: tasty-The spicy hunan chicken: excellent-Homemade chorizo: Spicy, strong, and tender, though a little dry.-Among the side dishes, the paella and succotash had particularly rich flavor.The Service: No problems here. Our ice teas were frequently refilled and our empty plates taken away.
4	This is like fine dining at a buffet price. There is fresh sushi and salads. I always end up eating 2 of the creme brulees. Of course prime rib and crab legs have a plate of their own.
4	This has always been my favorite buffet in Vegas, and I find myself coming back here every time. As much as like to eat bigger meal during dinner, I think the buffet here is more worth it at lunch time. They serve almost the same stuff as dinner like prime ribs, king crab legs, sushi, etc etc, for a few bucks cheaper. Oh yeah, I like weekend lunch because there's breakfast food and bottomless champagne or mimosa for like $5 extra.Bellagio also have more selections in seafood and meat compared to other places. And of course, their desserts are always very delightful! I recommend the spicy tuna hand wrap, and their cold udon salad. I also like how they have both king crab legs and snow crab legs, and of course, both pre-cut in the middle so the meat is accessible. The waiter I had this time was super nice. I asked for both iced and hot water and he kept coming back to refill them. He also take our finished plates away really fast.
5	My favorite breakfast buffet. Great food and nice people. We got in fast and its worth the money. I especially loved the mini waffles with the Bellagio symbol on them.I make it a point to come here when I'm in Vegas.
4	$33 for a fathers day buffet...the line on a sunday can take up to an hour but once u get in it's worth it cuz their brunch buffet has king crab legs & snow crab legs...while their herbed polenta is pretty good as well as their various carving stations their sweet station is mediocre...the service is decent and your meal comes w/juice & tea (cranberry, orange, milk, coffee & green tea). Overall it's decent but nothing spectacular
4	My husband and kids love to come here every once in a while because I think it is one of the best buffets in Las Vegas. You definitely can't go wrong with the champagne brunch. I haven't tried everything they have to offer because I can never eat that much food. Buffets are usually a waste of money for me because I can't eat that much. The food that I have tried has been great though. The breakfast like the scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, French toast, and pancakes are all delicious. The desserts are also fantastic! I tried a few bites of my husbands prime rib which wasn't the best I've tried. I also tried some of his polenta which had an awesome flavor! It tasted like they cooked it in chicken broth. I couldn't stop eating it. The champagne was a bit harsh for me but I think because it is a cheap champagne, lol. The sushi is really yummy too but they only have two rolls to choose from California rolls and vegetable rolls. The crab legs were pretty good as well but they are chilled and I like mine hot. Overall, a great buffet if you want to wait in the huge lineup. There is always a two hour wait when we go there. Definitely try it out though!
3	Tried the weekday dinner buffet. Had an hour long wait. But not at all worth that wait. The buffet is priced $33 (w/taxes) and the sushi was definitely amazing. But rest of the stuff was just ok. Not a big deal to talk about. I guess I expected much more from Bellagio (esp after reading the reviews here!)
4	I won't write much since so many people already have; but this is a great buffet - Lunch is about $21 with tax, which compared to a low-end buffet with terrible food, its worth an extra $7.Excellent deserts, Sushi was pretty descent (the sweet soy sauce is amazing!).  The sirloin was quite dry, but the shrimp was really good as were the mushrooms, asparagus.  Pizza was good because its pizza but nothing too special.Wait was standing in a Disneyland-like line for 45 minutes.  The wait isn't that long, but being confined to standing in an un-moving line is very tedious.The service was great, I actually had a re-fill (or two) for each plate I got.  That is very good service and I really appreciate our waiter's hustle.  They work much harder than some lazy person at Denny's who gives me one refill and only carries my plate away once so tip well..
3	I mean, C'MON, it's the Bellagio! Had to come and just check it out. If you are a fan of Buffets, then you have to try this one. Seafood is good, I liked how the crab legs weren't over salted like most places. Overall, it was a good experience, even though I am not too big on buffets =)
4	For buffets in Vegas I would rate this as 4.5 stars.I was very surprised by the high quality of foods served here....it was much better than I remembered it being when I went here around New Year's! I've only been to the Vegas buffets for dinner, but I think that Bellagio is definitely worth ~$30 per person for the kinds of foods offered here! Bellagio is also cheaper than Wynn (~$38) and Wicked Spoon (~$37) while the quality remains just as high.So many delicious foods that I couldn't move past 1 food station without filling up my plate! lolDesserts are also delicious minus the bread pudding and bananas foster. My FAV was the white chocolate cream nutella in a chocolate covered mini waffle cup!! I could eat 20 of them!!!!!!    :9
3	When my boyfriend arrived in Vegas, we met up with our friends Audrey and Carlos around 1 PM excited to feast! The line was stupid long-- thank goodness I had my co-workers platinum gambler's card. We didn't have to wait in line! I suggest going really early like 10 AM or smack in the middle of the day at 3PM.We paid $45 for 2 people for lunch which is really a good deal in comparison to other buffets.Unfortunately, this is not one of my favorite places. It's not terrible, but there aren't many dishes I remember really enjoying.I found myself making circles around the buffet to try to pick something I'd like to eat because not that many items seemed appetizing.The items I enjoyed most were the marinara pasta (I like plain pasta), fried chicken, and the meat.Sushi was not good.Another bad thing I noticed was that the food wasn't really hot. Especially the meat, sometimes it was actually cold. As for dessert, I enjoyed the napoleon which is a 3 layer puff pastry with custard in the middle. I don't see many buffets them. Overall, service was fine, food was OK, but nothing spectacular.If you think this is the best buffet, you haven't tried the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo. It's $63 for 2 people, but worth every penny. I definitely suggest trying Wicked Spoon before claiming this place the best buffet spot.
4	The food here was as great as at the Wynn buffet, but I found the atmosphere somewhat lacking in comparison. They had music playing that would have been more at home in a Chilis or diner or something. Friendly enough service. In the end... the Wynn was simply the best one all around.
4	Very good buffet.  I would recommend the weekend brunch if you're there on a weekend.  We had their regular lunch on a Friday and although they're selection was still good, the brunch seemed like they had more.  What I had this time that was different the sliders, very good.  What I like about this particular buffet is the quality and taste of the food, better than most that I've been to in LV.
2	We went there in party of 6 and waited time to actually seat by VIP pass was very long we could actually see the empty tables but there weren't aible to cleanup. So waiting time was really bad. As far as the food? It was Sunday lunch and the food choose was very limited. Maybe three types of food come on NO MEXICAN, NO CHINESS, NO ITALIAN food?? You got to be kidding me!!!! The California roll sushi was really bad so bottom line with the money you pay it's not worthed, save your money for other food buffet
2	Sunday brunch review:No king crab legs...this was a big disappointment for us since we were ALL looking forward to this.  But they had eggs benedict, delish smoked salmon and scallop ceviche.  Shrimp cocktail was okay.  Pancakes are made fresh hazelnut french toast which looked really good, there is also a custom omelet stand.  I didn't eat any bread product (other than bread pudding which was yum) or rice bc I wanted to eat the out of ordinary stuff lolPrime rib was tender and juicy.  Drinks were included other than bottomless mimosas and they have sparkling water!!!  Service was great.Strangely enough (because it's not an unusual item), I keep thinking about the sugar free cheesecake.Do not get sorbets, super melty and peach sorbet tasted like puke.  Get the raspberry kind if you must.
3	Sunday brunch was $31 (including tax and 18% tip because I came with a party of 7), and the main reason we came was for the prime rib. It's really depends on what cut you get; my friend had part of the middle which was dry, but the BF had the side which was super flavorful and moist. He even got a little bit of fat which made it that much better. The other plus from the meal was the omelet station. We went for an egg white only omelet that was exceptionally good; I regret not getting a second. Other than that, nothing particularly stood out. I liked the broccolini, caesar salad, the glazed carrots, and the dessert (caramel flan). The french toast was really dry and the fish was overcooked. I do like the fact that there is a lot to choose from, and our server was very attentive which made the experience (slightly) better.
3	Great buffet!3 starsFor the money prefer the WYNN by a landslide, I have been spoiled there.The omelet was great even had an option for shrimp and crab.Most of the stuff I got sat out too long and was not tasty. The KOBE - Giant portion is given, I was not asked how I wanted it cooked. It was way too rare I couldn't cut it with my knife it was like rubber. The cooked ends that I was able to cut and eat were very good. I can't imagine how much they waste.Many good plates I'll have to come back.OH the orange juice was exquisite.
1	so very disappointed. bellagio used to be one of my favorite vegas buffets, and now it has been reduced to the worst on my list.the variety was simply lacking. and worst of all, the quality was abysmal. there was nothing that i wanted to eat, and everything that i did eat was sub-par at best. i was stunned at the fact that the carving station only offers medium or well-done prime rib. it was far too overcooked for my taste, and the carver was rude and unskilled. after asking multiple times to slice the prime rib thinly, he continued to carve 2 inch thick slices to patrons. everyone was frustrated with the carver, his rudeness, and just the appalling waste of food because he was incapable of slicing anything less than a size of a brick.another shocking discovery was the installation of soft serve machines and the disappearance of hand scooped gelato. this utterly disgusted me and was the final nail in the coffin. who the hell wants drippy icy ooze that melts the minute it hits the bowl? it was worse than the local sizzler.and there is an average wait of 45 minutes for this atrocity? no thanks.
2	I heard great things about this particular buffet but it just reminded me of a higher quality old country buffet. the food was unoriginal and there weren't that many options. and the maki rolls...sigh. The line is unnecessary long and i would recommend visiting another buffet. the wait is not worth it.
2	20 years I waited for this slop. Everything was lukewarm at best. Desserts that were supposed to be cold were warm. My 17 dollar cocktail gave me a good buzz for 5 minutes so 1 star for that. 2nd star is for service. Remember people...its a buffet. Lower your expectations or you will be slapped in the face by disappointment like myself.
2	Very disappointing!!!!! The food selection was small especially at the sushi station. Only California rolls and some simple sushi available. The dessert selection was sad. The service was not good at all. The lady who stayed at the sushi station basically just threw the spring rolls on my plate!!! I heard so much about the buffet here and was really expecting a good time. Turned out it was truly disappointing.
2	Bellagio, you're so beautiful and classic. I had such high hopes for your buffet, but you let me down.The buffet at the Bellagio is undoubtedly overhyped. Don't come here if you don't have 45 minutes to wait in line. Don't come here if you want to eat subpar food. None of the food items that I grabbed were worth comitting to memory. Yes, it was that bland and boring.Though the food and wait was awful, our server was extremely kind.
4	Very impressive buffet! A variety of sushi, fish, shrimp, desserts...  Everything is fresh and well presented.
5	My experience here was nothing less than memorable.  As far as buffet's are concerned, The Buffet at Bellagio is the best buffet I've ever been to so far.  I have yet to the buffet at the Wynn, and maybe when I go there, this will get bumped to second, but I was extremely satisfied.I'll first start with the downsides of the buffet, which are relatively small and can be easily over looked.  First of all, if you go during peak dinner hours on a saturday night, expect at least a 45+ minute wait.  I can't ding the restaurant for being extremely successful though, but just keep that in mind. The food is totally worth the wait.  Second downside was the price.  I went with a group of more than 8 so they included an 18% gratuity before we even went in so the total price was close to $46 which is a little steep, but hey, YOLO.  Besides, its not like I go to vegas every weekend so splurging on a first time experience was something I needed to at least once.Now, after I waited out the 45 minutes of hunger pains and coughed up the dough to pay for the dinner, I was in heaven.  Surprisingly, the decor was more simple than I was expecting for The Bellagio, but it was nice and clean.  Who goes to a buffet to look at the walls anyway?  Within seconds of being shown to our table, I immediately jogged over to the food and nearly bit into it right in front of the chefs.  There were all sorts of meats and dishes from different cultures; japanese, chinese, italian, mexican, and more, and each one looked as appetizing as the next.I started with the heavy foods, the beef wellington, the roasted pepercorn roast beef, the kobe beef, the St Louis ribs, the pork loin, and herb crusted quail.  It reminded me of the scene from the Hunger Games when Katniss went to the Capitol and was introduced to extravagant foods for the first time.  I wish I had a third or fourth stomach so I could eat more than a fair share.  Anyhow, all the meats were superb, except for the kobe beef.  Mine was a tad bit dry, probably because it was cooked 30 minutes before I arrived, but non the less, it was still tasty.  All the other meats were so juicy and spectacular that my mouth is watering as I type this review and remember it all.After my first plate of heavy meats, I went on to try all the pastas in the Italian department.  There were several pasta dishes which I tried and can't remember the name of, but they were all fantastic as well.  Next up was the japense sushi, the chinese wontons, chinese chicken, chow mein, and pineapple fried rice.  The california rolls weren't all too fresh but they were decent.  The chinese food was pretty good and I have no complaints here.All in all, the asian food section of the bar was solid.  The real winner though for me was the assorted meats they had which really hit a home run for me.  I went back for seconds and thirds of the meat and ate until my stomach hated me and I regretted it.  I don't regret it actually.  Anyhow, the desserts there were great as well.  Not only was it great presentation, but they perfected the texture and taste.  My friends loved the macaroons and I love the raspberry sorbet.Two weeks of working out are now required to cleanse my body of the tsunami of calories that hit it.  So worth it though.
3	Review is for Sunday Brunch.Wait in line: approx 1 hour, when we arrived at 1130am. We started about 40 feet behind the restrooms. The line was moving much faster in the casino portion, but started moving VERY slow once we approached the register, probably because less people were getting impatient and leaving - and the VIP people started to come because it was lunch time.Once seated---Ambiance: cafeteria style. A bit crowded, lots of families, and sometimes need to weave in and out of people to gt to the food (esp. the prime rib).Drinks: Extra $6 for the champagne part of the brunch is a good deal, although th champagne is fairly low quality and my husband felt pretty ill afterwards.Service: nice, pleasant, quick, and didn't feel rushed to leave.Food: There's a lot, so I'll have to break this up. I'll first list what there is, then my personal comments at the bottom.Salad bar: small make it yourself salad bar with toppings, spinach, etc. Obviously no line here!Brunch: hazelnut french toast, regular french toast (just OK), buttermilk pancakes, omelette station, and the usual cream of wheat, oatmeal (mushy), cereal & granola, muesli (premade small bowls), blintzes, sausage, scrambled eggs, bacon, cottage cheese, plain yogurt, melon and strawberries, and toppings of sliced almonds, brown sugar, cinnamon, thompson and golden raisins. Some breakfast baked goods in the dessert area: bran muffins, blueberry muffins, danishes, croissants...Altogether: OKLunch:Prime rib: hit or miss. The first one was magniticent, juicy and medium rare. The subsequent slices looked like roast beef. Tough and chewy. Weird. Pesto mashed potatoes, creamed sweet potatoes, were just OK.Seafood: lots of seafood based salads. No king crab legs at brunch. boo!!Asian: handrolls of vegetarian sushi, California rolls, tuna rolls, plus wakame salad, cucumber salad, noodles. Also gai lan, fried rice, noodles, steamed rice... Overall, OK. Not memorable.Italian: vegetarian tomato-based penne (bleh), 6 different pizzas, -- not bad. Tasted fresh.Salads: golden cous cous salad and Caesar. Slim pickings. Also a deli sliced cheese bar that I think was supposed to be a charcuterie. Dessert!!Frozen sorbet and ice cream soft serve, bread pudding, coffee tiramisu, chocolate vanilla bomb, chocolate eclair, chocolate fudge brownie (a brick), caramel flan.OK, MY Comments:Unique:1. Vegan: there's actually sorbet and some other offerings, since it's brunch, but pickings are slim. You're better off at Red Velvet Cafe that touts vegan organic healthy food and not going to a buffet.2. Vegetarian: lots and lots, if you're ovo lacto. Especially since it's brunch.3. Notable unique items: self serve sorbet, sugar free desserts (blueberry muffin, cheesecake, apple tart -- although they all tasted a little like chalk)Get:Vegetarian pizzaPrime rib - maybeCheesecakeBread pudding (my weakness, personally)OJ (fresh squeezed! hah)Soft serve ice creamCheese blintzPass:Sushi - boringMashed potatoesMost of the American foodSalad bar to conserve stomach areaCharcuterie - mostly pre-packaged foodSugar free dessertsPastasChocolate fudge brownie (literally as dense as a brick)Carrot cake - dryFrench toast and pancakes - lacking flavorOverall: not worth the wait, but amongst the better buffets nonetheless. Would still go to the Wicked Spoon esp since there usually isn't a wait there.
4	Eat here once a trip and it has never changed. This time was different as they has a ton of king crab legs they were loading on plates. This Buffett has everything from sushi to steak tartar . I always get a line pass and would never wait in line for hours as most do .
2	I tried to go for dinner but was told it would be at least a two-hour wait. So I went to Cafe Bellagio instead which was really good.For the second try, I went at 10:30 am to stand in line for lunch. 'Only' waited 40 minutes.Unfortunately, I went to the Wynn Buffet the day before which made Bellagio Buffet look weak. The quality of food really isn't that great. It gives the impression of an upgraded (choice of food) Hometown Buffet. I'm sorry if it sounds harsh but in all honesty it really does.Also you can tell by the people who come to eat here that for some things you really get what your money is worth. I'm not going to come back to Bellagio Buffet... sorry folks.
4	Sunday brunch buffet, after an absolutely atrocious visit to the Spice Market Buffet the prior night, which had us a little concerned that all the criticism of Vegas buffets was becoming warranted!  After a wait of around ten fifteen minutes we made it to the promised land!  Unlike Spice Market (once upon a time a Vegas fave of ours), just about all the food looked quite appealing!  How can eggs Benedict from a buffet be so darned good?!  I'm a massive fan of breakfast food, and nothing I had was disappointing.  Wife loves her fruit, and was especially pleased by the watermelon.  It was one of those experiences where you almost wish you were back in Roman orgy days (oops... wrong casino!) so you could go to the vomitorium and then come back for more delectibles!!!  I'm oh so close to giving the buffet 5 stars, but drop one as a result of mediocre coffee, the lack of personalized stations other than for omellettes, and too many limp and rubbery-looking pieces of bacon to wade through to find some crispier gems.  Thanks for restoring our faith in quality Vegas buffets, Bellagio!
5	Even though it has been about 3 weeks since I left Las Vegas, I still think about the buffet at the Bellagio and my mouth starts to water.I went to Las Vegas as a 20-year old with my family, so I was not expecting any, you know, fun. We stopped at the Bellagio during their Father's day weekend special, so everybody had to pay the same price ($40). While that was a bit of a damper, we luckily breezed past the cashier-there seems to be no lines at around 5:30pm...The spread was fabulous. I usually eat buffets "strategically"-that is, I avoid the cheap fried rice, pizza, bread, salad, etc. Even with my odd buffet eating styles, I still filled my plate 5 times! What else can I say about this fabulous place?!Buffet Bellagio, thank you for making my Las Vegas experience somewhat bearable. You have opened my eyes to the wonders of the buffets and Las Vegas, and no other buffets will ever seem to match to the sheer quantity and quality of your food. If I ever get married in Las Vegas on a whim, my reception will most definitely be at this place.
5	The lines can be lengthy and gourmet dinner buffer at $37+ tax and tips including for kids over 3 yo is a bit pricey but it was worth every penny.  I have not eaten at a Wynn buffet, but this was the best buffet for variety and quality of food I probably have ever been to anywhere, not just in Vegas.
3	I'm not a big fan of buffets, since I can't eat all that much in one sitting... BUT the dessert selection totally makes up for it. The prime rib was pretty tasty, along with the seafood ceviche. This is probably my "second" fave buffet in town, but with long waits.. ugh.
4	The Buffet at Bellagio is like one long foodgasm. If you are going to do a buffet in Vegas, this is in the top 3. Our last visit was for the July 4 "Holiday Dinner" buffet which was $40.99 per person. It featured the King Crab Legs, Kobe-style Beef, and large Shrimp that are usually only available for the "Gourmet Dinner" ($36.99) on Friday or Saturday. Otherwise, the buffet is only $29.99 for dinner. Lunch, Weekend Brunch, and Breakfast are even cheaper.I literally gorged myself on King Crab Legs (as were hordes of others). A little butter, garlic, and spice for dipping and I was in crab heaven. Other nice discoveries were small, but addictive Steak Tartar bites, a couple Spicy Tuna Handrolls, steamed Halibut, and some spicy Cornbread. The pizza and prime rib were disappointing. Avoid them. For dessert, some nice cakes were present, but the yogurt machine was Souplantation quality.Tip: Pay the lunch price before 4:00 and get dinner options at 4:00. Saves you around $10 a person.Tip 2: Plan to spend about 45 minutes in line... unless you are lucky...and if you're lucky get out of line and go hit the nearest baccarat table before eating.
5	I ate here with 3 dining companions a couple of weeks ago on Fridayevening and so we were able to have the gourmet dinner.  It took usabout 20 minutes to get through the line before we made it into thebuffet but seeing how it was around 7 on a Friday evening, it was nota big surprise.The buffet had everything that you would think a luxury buffet couldhave from sushi and other seafood like cracked crab legs to manydifferent cuts of meat, desserts and also a good selection ofvegetables.  My personal favorites were the beef wellington, slice ofkobe beef and the BBQ chicken pizza.  Some of the things that I wasnot as big of a fan of were the veal osso bucco which seemed to have aweird flavor to it, the macaroni and cheese which looked wonderful buthad no flavor at all and the wahoo which was a bit dried out for mytaste.  They also had a wide array of desserts with the caramel flanbeing my favorite of the bunch.  Overall, I really enjoyed it and washappy to taste the wide array of foods that they were offering.The bottom line for me is that I would head back here in the future.It was the best buffet that I have had on the strip and I have eatenat quite a few of them.
2	This was the second of two buffets we visited while in Vegas (the first being Wicked Spoon).  Of the two, this was far more hyped up, but that only led to a bigger let down.  There isn't a whole lot to say about the environment here: it's beige, really abundantly lit up, and loud.  If you need an idea of who you'll be eating with, just comb the line before you head in, or people watch as you wait well over 30 minutes in some cases to get a table.  Oh, and expect plenty of families.  The service was solid, albeit busy.  I don't remember our servers name because she never physically stopped moving as she said it.  She was either dropping of drinks, checking up on us as she walked by, or grabbing plates off the table when the busing staff was busy else where.  She certainly smiled the whole time though.I was trying to put together a list of highlights and misses like my other buffet review, but to tell you the truth, a lot of the food here was a let down.  I really don't remember much of it.  I did like the first cut of lamb I had, but when I went back for another serving it seemed like they had prepped it completely different and all the flavors I liked the first time around were completely missing.  The sushi was abysmal.  The rice was dry and had a styrofoam taste to it.  The ribs were pretty good, but no one seemed to be stationed to cut them, so I had to make two trips before I could try them.  There were two things that stood out now that I'm concentrating on our meal: the strawberry and cream desert shooter, and the salmon poke.  The poke had a great fresh taste to it, and a really nice and subtle heat that reared its face after a couple bites.  The desert shooter was also really refreshing, light, and had a great tang to it from the slightly sour strawberry.All in all, I don't think I'll be coming back to the Bellagio for their buffet.  It really shows it's age, both in the food and in its looks.  Plus, the wait was pretty awful, and we stepped up to the line as it ended at the restroom entrance.  By the time we left, it had wrapped itself even further down the casino, easily another thirty to forty people deep.
3	I guess I should preface this review by saying that I am really not that big on buffets.  However, if you are going to visit The Buffet at Bellagio, please make sure you are a Mlife member (their rewards card system...it's FREE to join) and have at least a Pearl status.  The lines for this buffet are ridiculous! Ridiculous! Ridiculous! My sister, Tanysha W, and I skipped the line because they have a separate line for Mlife members.   However, the sign does not specify that you need to have a Pearl status to be considered VIP.  The lady excused our ignorance and let us cut the line anyway.  Thankfully, because the line was ridiculously long.  (Did I mention that, already?)The food was... buffet food, nothing spectacular.   Pastries, sushi, eggs, potatoes, bacon, french toast, fruit bar, etc. The lunch buffet was $24.99 and the champagne brunch was $30.99.
3	So I tried to research this place and the reviews came back favorable. Sadly, I did not listen to my inner voice.Got to the hotel at 3pm to make the lunch hour, and ended up waiting on line for over an hour! Did I leave the line and go find another venue, no, did I listen to my inner voice that this wait is longer than Pirates at Disney, noooo, did I end up paying the dinner rate, in stead of the lunch rate? YES! I know right? I should have left, but since I spent that much time on the line I felt I was committed to the task.That said, the food is meh at best. They are very cautious with seasonings, and the selection is OK, but when you expect one taste and get another, it is unfortunate.Now I know that one should lower expectations when going to a buffet, but then again, why should one?Overall, this skarf and barf is not worth the effort, nor the credit it gets.You would be better off on a prix fix menu at one of the better places in the hotel.
3	ive been for breakfast lunch and dinner. and dinner is def the time you want to go...the selection is better and the quality is as well... the service is great the price to match. the selection for everything food-dessert is over whelming. its kinda loud it felt like i was back in school. but better food.
2	Over-hyped. Got here at 8:15 PM on a Saturday night for the "Gourmet Buffet" and waited an hour in line.  When we finally sat down, we saw many open tables because line management is very poor (they were seating strictly in order without trying to find parties to match open tables.)Food was generally decent but unexceptional and not worth the long wait. Rack of lamb had nice seasoning but the first cut I was given was badly overcooked. "Kobe beef" was a joke - it was a cheap cut of meat, tough, with no marbling, and very very salty on top. I've had real Kobe-style beef, and Bellagio's version was not even remotely close. Quail was good, if maybe a bit light on the seasoning. The rest, honestly, was not really memorable. You won't find any bold or exciting flavors here, but for the most part, the food is competently prepared.Service was awful. Victor took a long time to notice that we sat down, and he didn't manage to get drinks to our table (only 2 people) until long after our first trip to the buffet.  After that, he never returned to check on us or clear empty plates. I made three trips to the buffet after finishing my drink, and I got a refill only after finally waving Victor down and giving him a dirty/questioning look.  He seemed much more interested in doting on tables with young kids than providing good service across all his customers.
4	Great buffet with a wide variety of quality items. The waiters were very attentive and quick to assist. The crab legs were good, but the salad area seemed a little low on items and the salad itself seemed a little old. However, there were so many other positives that made up for it. The tables and seating areas were very clean and comfortable.I just felt it was somewhat overpriced, BUT was Very Good overall. I would definitely come back!Well, I have been back several times with friends and just Love this place. It's great for the "morning after" brunch. Lots of quality items and no "guess what I am" lurking under the heat-lamps. You really need to go if you've never been! Very clean surroundings and Very Fresh food.
5	And this is why if I lived in Vegas I'd be a fat ass.
5	I am rating specifically the BREAKFAST. I have no clue what the dinner is like. But for breakfast, this buffet has more options that any other I have been too. Also, the omelette making guy is awesome. I would come up to him and simply ask him to surprise me. The breakfast is well priced. The service is fast. And the location is of course in the beautiful Bellagio.
3	Went here because my parents wanted to eat at a buffet and we heard that this one was really good. The food was good for a buffet, but I prefer quality over quantity so I'd rather have paid $40/pp to eat at a normal restaurant. The prime rib and pastas were good, but king crab legs were too salty. The quality of the sushi was ok.
2	Bellagio is losing its touch & customer service.  I was there with couple friends in March 2012. We got there at 7:45pm; we were sitted by 8pm. The food selection was poor; most of the foods were lukewarm. Maybe it was because it was getting late. I go to Las Vegas every year and I have always enjoyed my food at Bellagio but this time it was a disappointment. What a waste of money too. I called the manager the next day, I was told to call back on Monday. I explained I will be flying out that day but the manager didn't care.
5	Great food!
2	So, I've been to the Bellagio buffet before and I thought I remembered having a great experience there although, to be honest, I can't really remember. It was like when I was 5 years old so I guess I might have matured in my taste buds since then. Who knows?Anyway, the food was mediocre at best, but the choices were so slim I was shocked. I mean, there was a good variety of standard American staples like chicken, mashed potatoes, turkey, pasta, pizza, etc. (although I guess those last two are Italian, but whatever.) But, I was really hoping for unique food items that you don't get on the day-to-day. This is definitely not the place for that. They are way more focused on quantity over quality. They did have a sushi bar, but it was the type of sushi you would find at a supermarket (mostly rice, basic ingredients, blah). The one good thing was that the waiter refilled our drinks whenever we needed it (even sometimes when we didn't need it) and a soda comes free with your dinner so you're not charged extra for it.I dunno, everything was FINE, but for the wait and the price, I was hoping for something great.
5	Waited over an hour in line, but OMG was it good. Prime Rib was delicious, as was the excessive spread of everything under the sun. Diddnt eat the sushi, but my sister seemed to think it was okay. But I ate everything else just about. So if your standing in that long line depending on jumping out to play table games and slots.....DONT, its well worth it even if you have to unbutton your pants on the way out.
5	Hands down the best buffet I had in Vegas ... Granted I only had two while I was out there in Vegas, But compared to The Wicked Spoon in The Cosmo this was hands down the best Buffet. Give it a try what do you have to lose ..but if your disappointed don't come crying to me.
1	it was awful. sushi was serve with thin slice of fish and a lot of rice, ribs was chewy and it does not fall off the bones, crab legs was too salty, pizza was soggy and greasy,fruits was not ripe and sour,steak was chewy ( picture yourself chewing gum),mushroom soup was salty and whole mushroom( not thin slice) does not taste good  with soup, fish was chewy and dry, and last, those annoying ,smelly,hopeless,lung cancer, smokers that stink the place
3	The buffet here does not match the reputation Bellagio has. Maybe it was because my tastebuds weren't functioning properly after 4 buffets in 2 days in Vegas, but the quality and selection of the food at the Bellagio lacked in so many ways. I was so disappointed since it got so many good reviews (one year ago..) I can see why the ratings have gone down since then.Next time, I'll take my money to go to Wicked Spoon or The Buffet at Wynn.
5	This is one off favorite buffets in Vegas.  It really isn't that much more expensive that most of the other buffets on the strip, but the quality of food is SO much better than rest.  Definitely worth the extra cost.
4	Hands down, best buffet I've ever been to. Huge selection of different foods and I was so happy that they had so many seafood choices since I'm not too much of a meat lover. I really don't have much to say about this buffet other than it was pretty amazing. I think that it was completely worth it for what I paid. $40/person or something crazy like that. I do have 2 gripes though. 1) sushi section sucked. Although there was some good sashimi and tuna salad, there were no good rolls. Just a very sad looking california roll. tsk tsk. 2) The desserts were horrible. I'm a huge dessert buff and I was very disappointed. They all looked very pretty but tasted pretty gross. My cousins and all all sampled one of each dessert and found none that we actually liked. The worst was the flan, it was quite disgusting. But other than that, because everything else was so good, I am able to look past that and still give The Buffet at Bellagio 4 stars. Yeah, spoiled.
2	Was there 2 nights ago.  Weird garbage smell around the desert area.  Food was sitting outside way too long.  If this wasn't in the Bellagio I would not have paid 20 dollars for it, instead out of nostalgia I paid 40.  What a waste.
4	Awesome food all around - fresh seafood, mouthwatering prime rib, creamy pasta, and delicious desserts! Only downsides were the hour wait and slightly noisy dining environment. For the money, though, a must see in Vegas!
5	This place is GREAT!! The food is wonderful, lots of variety, and yes the champagne flows like the Nile for those of you who are into that. We both enjoyed the prime rib, spicy tuna hand rolls, and blue cheese chicken tomato pasta the most. I really liked the eggs Benedict and smoked salmon as well. Wife also said that dessert was good, but I didn't make it that far. What really set this experience off was that we did NOT have to wait in line. We got here on last Saturday afternoon at around 1ish(plus or minus an hour because I forget the exact time. no I was NOT hungover or drunk), and as I was scoping out the line, I just so happened to run into the bartender who took the wife and I straight in. I later learn that they have to go out and bring parties of 2 to sit at the bar, and I came at the right time because he did not feel like walking all the way to the back of the line. I guess you get a lot of groups here. So here is a quick tip that they passed to me upon leaving: go in through the exit and check the bar if there are only 2 of you. That just may save you an 1.5 hour wait like it did us! Having said all that, great food, and great people with no wait made this a great experience, hence the 5 stars.
5	Love the buffet options on Friday's! You have a wide range of options from beef or salmon wellington, to rack of lamb, sashimi, crab, huge chocolate covered strawberries, and more. This is the only buffer in Vegas where I eat the most and leave the place with a huge poppin belly. This is by far my favorite buffet on the Strip.
5	You come to Vegas for the best and this is it. Being a Vegas born resident I have tried many buffets and the Bellagio tops my list.Pros:Great selection of : salmon, bass, cold and hot seafood Amazing beef such as the turkey Kobe beef, and prime ribHuge selection of deserts which include: flan, ice cream, cakes, fruits, baked good and termiasu.Great crabCons:Long wait usually 45- 1 hour+My favorite dishes were the prime rib and the hot, juicy muscles, and i loved the snow crab. If your like me that can eat a lot of gourmet food the Bellagio is the best bang for your buck.
3	I know it's judging the book by it's cover, but the ceilings are low in here! Everything was passable, but it wasn't the highest of quality. I had high expectations after years of friends gushing about this buffet and try weren't met. I'd be willing to try again though!
4	You cannot beat this buffet for the price,we were impressed.Give yourself about a half hour before being seated because there is always a line.Desserts were fantastic.Will defiantly return for dinner next time.We had lunch on this visit.
3	The ONLY reason I even go to these "buffet" was because of the line pass I got from our VIP rep.  And sure enough, I regret having to return to the "buffet" scene of lack luster quality and inconsistent food.The sushi on the menu was disgusting.  The rice on the sushi was rock hard and COLD.  You only got two choices...tuna and salmon.  Other maki rolls there were just blah.Only thing I liked about this station was the spicy tuna hand roll that they actually made when you order.  Was the only saving grace of this station.Other items, I usually skip.  Went right for the prime rib.Was dripping bloody and disgusting the first time.  Only took a bite of it and moved my dish out of my way.  Second time around, someone else got it, and it was dry.In the end, I just fed myself shrimp and crab legs to make up for it...  I suppose you can't really go wrong with that...or can you? o.0I now remember why I hate buffet so much...especially Vegas buffets...mediocre foods at outlandish prices.  If it wasnt for the line pass, I would've killed myself for having to wait in line for 1 1/2 hours to dive into this.On a BRIGHT note however, they did have a DAMN good hot coffee and cheesecake.
1	Every time I come here I think it's going to be up to par with everything else Bellagio has to offer.  But, it fails every time.  The food is not tasty.  Plate after plate I threw away.  Hoping for something better next trip to the buffet.  It made me feel responsible for world hunger.  It made me want to have a word with the chefs about how to season.  It made me wish I was at the buffet at Wynn.
3	Above average buffet. My wife and I went for breakfast and had a few good things like egg cooking station and the wide selection of cultural cuisines like Chinese, continental, japanese etc. service was average with a smile. But the quality of food was average and tables were left quite dirty for a long time. Edible but don't take your mama there on mothers day. Maybe take a friend
1	Not worth the wait and the price.  I had other las vegas buffet for third of the price that was much better..... and no 40 minute wait in line.
2	Went there after seeing the program on travel channel and friends recommendation.  DISAPPointed.  At $30 a person, the selection was poor.  Nothing stands out as a great buffet. Line was 30 minute long.  Not sure what the buzz was about.  Would not go there for dinner again.
4	Good selection of food, I've been there a few times on the weekend for the "gourmet" dinner buffet.  Great selection of food, decent quality.  My favorite dish is the rack of lamb when they have it. Desserts are also very wonderful, they have creme brulee! YUM!  Service however is never all that great, it's on and off had good and bad experiences.
5	I love coming for the Grand Buffet at the Bellagio.  It's expensive but worth it.  You get to try things you normally wouldn't get to try.  Get there early the lines can get long.I love the Seaweed Salad, Beef Wellington, Crab and Shrimp.  It's been awhile since I have been but I wanted to weigh in.  I love the Spice Market Buffet and the Rio Seafood Buffet as well.
4	I Love Buffetsssss and the Bellagio buffet is one of the best in Vegas..First off, the line can take an hour but it is totally worth it. Second, I ate so much seabass it was ridiculous. their seabass is soooo delicious and buttery and flakey and all the good stuff. DEFINITELY worth the 30 dollars I spent (we went on a Monday night)!  The crab legs were a little salty and not as good as I thought they would be.Mushroom raviolis were also really good.DEFINITELY though, the sea bass... is to die for.
4	Yummy, if you can think of it they had it. Huge selection and great tasting. Very pricey, fun to do at least once.
4	When I go to Vegas, I usually go from Friday afternoon until Sunday afternoon/evening. The thing with my friends and I is that we don't eat the first two days there. Well, sorta. I mean we do kinda eat I guess, but our typical meals the first two days are really cheap (think McDonalds or Chipotle) or just alcohol - usually the latter. We would much rather save a trip to the buffet until our last day there seeing that we won't have to be wearing bikinis for the day pool parties or tight dresses at night for the clubs. No shame when we get to the buffet and stuff our faces. Anyways, one of my favorite buffets in Vegas is the one located at the Belagio. It's about $25 for the lunch price and I think about $30 for the dinner. For an extra $5, you can opt for the endless mimosas option too! My friends and I typically go around 3-4 in the afternoon because it'll still have breakfast and lunch items, but also that's sort of around the time they start putting out dinner items. Call me weird, but I'll still enjoy bacon and waffles at 4 in the afternoon. The food here is absolutely amazing. They have a huge selection to choose from, so you'll definitely find something that will fit your mood. Can't stress how much you should always make room for desserts because they have some of THE best choices to try out. Overall, I would definitely go back again. I've been there countless times and despite the long wait at times, I've enjoyed every trip.
3	Not sure what the hype is.  We went to the buffet last Saturday for dinner waited for an hour, paid $40 per person and was not impressed.  The food tasted bland.  The best tasting was probably deserts.  I've been to the World Carnival Buffet twice and would prefer it over the Bellagio.
3	The desserts here are amazing! Having said that, I went here for lunch yesterday and was pretty disappointed with the rest of the food. Most things were somewhere between mediocre and bad. At buffets I usually expect food to be mediocre to good. But, like i said, their desserts are really, really good. We tried many different ones and none of them were overly sweet. It is my favorite buffet in terms of dessert.They did have a few other good things too. Their thin crust pizzas, shrimp cocktail (already peeled!), pesto infused mashed potatoes (amazing idea), and mixed salads were all pretty good.If you're really into sweets, I would recommend this place even if the rest of the buffet is not so good (yes the dessert is that good). If you want good non-sweet food though, I would go somewhere else.
4	Their gourmet buffet is the best! A little pricey but definitely worth it! I think i paid like $60 that day and yep i was alone that time. Make sure that you are super hungry when you come here because you would like to try all of the dishes. Make sure to save some room for desert. They all look very pretty and well presented!
5	While I have only eaten the buffet at Bellagio only once, this is definitely one of my favorites.  Since most buffets cost about $26-30, I would much rather pick Bellagio since it has a larger selection of sushi.  Service is attentive and the line moves slowly, but surely.  Some of the meat cuts were dry, but I'm not much a meat eater.  They also cut the crab legs for you (a definitely plus for those who love crab) and they also have a great selection of fish.  I didn't find their dessert/soup section that extraordinary, but I don't think anyone goes to a buffet to fill up on dessert or soup as the main course!
1	I waited about 1.5 hours on a Saturday evening and paid $40 (including tax). The food was definitely not worth the price or the wait. Given the Saturday dinner time and price, this was supposed to be Bellagio's top of the line buffet. There was a really big selection of food. However, the taste was truly subpar. Crab legs were really salty that evening. And actually, everything was incredibly salty. It was like Bellagio's approach was to oversalt everything and overpower all flavors. There was also some truly terrible Thai food that would not even be worthy of any regular restaurant, much less a world class buffet. If the buffet were $20, it might merit three starts, but for $40, it's really bad.
3	One expensive buffet, it was ok, get ready to stand in line for 30 mins or more! The line wrapped pretty far up to the cashier. I enjoyed the sashimi and salmon poke, I liked the prime rib, well the first one, the second one was hard and not so good. The deserts were tasty. This is not the best buffet but it's pretty ok, not worth the price though. $40 a person? crazy. It would of been a nice $25 buffet.
2	Service: 3/5Food: 2/5Price: $$Presentation of food: 3/5Presentation of restaurant: 2.5/5Overall: 2/5I heard great reviews about this place, but the day we came in (I'm not sure if it's because we came for lunch) the selection was really disappointing. Plus there was this stench around the soup area, I'm not sure if it were the workers or just the place wasn't squeaky clean; but it was very off putting every time I walk pass. There were scrambled eggs still during lunch. Then there was chicken rotisserie style next door to it (I was a little thrown off). The pineapple fried rice was pretty good (one of the better ones, but I've had better). The dessert selection was a little whack, they had eclairs, but chocolate filled?? Eugh. Waaay too sweet, the other cakes were alright; still over baringly sweet. The only one that was good was is the carrot cake. Oh don't get me started on the coffee, ITS VEGAS RIGHT?? So of course this was the first meal of MY day because I had slept in from the previous night of fun, so I have to order my coffee on the daily. The coffee was boring, not strong enough; and no coffee taste (I hope the morning roast was better). I really wanted to like this place, but it didn't turn out that way :/
1	Seriously overrated. After a one hour and fifteen wait in line, we were ushered to our table. This place was mediocre and not worth the price. There is far more bang for the buck out there in Las Vegas.
4	Where to begin.... Shrimp pesto pizza, sliders, huge fresh peeled shrimp, prime rib that makes you want to slap your mama....this buffet is the best in Vegas.  You must eat here. Hubs and I always come for lunch at least once when we are out here. For us, lunch is the best value. $19.99 each and there isn't a huge difference in the dinner selection worth the higher price and the hour plus wait. Put your best loose pants on and enjoy!
2	I've been here before in 2008, and the food was not exactly what I would have expected from a prestigious resort as The Bellagio. The wasabi was watery, and the sushi tasted like an untrained person made it for Costco (I'm sure you'll agree Costco sushi is one of THE worst you can have).Fast forward to 2012, and I thought I'd give it another try, thinking that perhaps 2008's dining experience was a fluke. It was not. Once again, Bellagio insists on serving their hungry patrons with subpar "gourmet" food. What a serious joke! I am once again appalled at what I would refer to as "wasabi soup".The carving station had "Kobe Beef Top Sirloin". Are they serious? There is no such thing as Kobe Beef outside of Japan.
3	I remember having brunch here a year ago and it was very good, but the dinner this time didn't please my palate.  The wait on Sunday was ~45minutes at 530pm and it was a mile stretch line!  I was hoping for more seafood selection--- the crab legs were great but Other dishes were just meh.  Great dessert selections although I didn't try much.  Dinner fare is $29.99.
1	The snow king crab was oversalted preventing you from eating alot. the kobe beef was harder then my calculus text book, the prime rib was overdone, no oysters on weekday nights, mussles were too salty, soup too salty, all the other dishes were dry, too salty and everything was plan ordinary and flat. The Bellagio must fix this, this is not acceptable. To pay 37 per person and get this quality, i can get better at the local chinese buffet with more food.
4	Bellagio certainly doesnt dissappoint in terms of its reputation. For a taste of everything, The Buffett at Bellagio has just about everything one can possibly desire. Now theres always the classic debate of whether the Wynn or Bellagio is better in terms of buffert. My take is on the Bellagio, by just a hairline. From Asian to French Italian to pure vegetarian, they have possibly the best selection in terms of quality and quantity. Get there early during off-peak hours otherwise the wait time could be an hour or more. Everytime I go to Vegas, I MUST at least have a full meal there.
4	Great sushi! Everything else was just ok.
3	I was imagining so nice. maybe thats why i like this place  not a lot. but some of food are tasty , waiter was so professional and fast. lot of desserts. busy restaurant.  i was in line almost half hour.
3	I used to love this buffet so much, but I feel like the quality of food has gone down over the years.  The prime rib here is still good though.
3	Pretty good, for the price I think it fell a little short.  Paris and Spice are carrying the same price tag and are far superior.  It had most everything you would want.  The desserts are a 4.5 star for sure.  I would of liked to see thier take on a mac and cheese if any at all.  The self-servings of shepards pie were on point, however.  3.5 stars.  With better options lurking across on all corners, this time, i will round down.
4	I want to start out saying, buffets are iffy. Usually they are a hit or miss, but this visit was definitely a hit! I usually love buffets, but only if they have crab legs, which this buffet had lots of! Either King Crab or Snow Crab. They are all on ice, but you can ask to get it steamed. As I said before, I love buffets, but my boyfriend is not so keen on buffets until he ate here! He was actually satisfied with his dinner and said he would go back.  I only gave it a four stars because they do not offer unlimited alcoholic beverages like Bayside Buffet does at Mandalay Bay. The desserts weren't great, but they did have banana foster and their ice cream actually tasted like ice cream! Also this review is for dinner only, which was about $30 per person.
2	This buffet was great few years ago but it looked tired this time. Sushi was not even that good of a selection and it was just okay. Disappointed!
4	My first buffet in Vegas (but certainly not the last). After waiting in line for just short of an hour,  the meal began with us piling leg upon leg of king crab onto our plates and heading straight for the  steaming vat of melted butter. Next was the beef wellington followed by shrimp, and shepherd's pie. I'm the kind of guy that puts vegetables on the plate just for color and to fill in any nooks or crannies on the plate as a sort of damn to prevent foods from mixing together. There is nothing worse than having your ravioli sauce mixing with the chicken wings. With their oval leaves, lettuce works well as an organic capsule to hold certain dishes.After finishing dessert (the macaroons were nothing special) we were absolutely stuffed, making sure our meal was well worth the 90 dollar price tag. I would recommend this buffet if you have lots of room and want to enjoy nice legs (crab legs that is, you can get the other kind at a different place in Vegas).
3	I went to Bellagio Buffet on Saturday at 3pm with short lines.  I heard good reviews about this place so I decided to give it a try.  The weekend brunch is average.  They offer fruit-juicy watermelon, delicious desserts, chinese food, breakfast (runny scrambled eggs, sausages, bacon, pototates), ham was moist, turkey, sushi, shrimp, soups.  The food was plentiful.  I waited at 4pm to eat their dinner and it's better than the brunch.  The dinner offer ribs, beef wellington, wings, crab legs(lines were long at 4pm then the lines died down), shrimp, fruit, salad, etc.   The servers were great and refill our sodas very often.   Overall dinner buffet starts at 4pm is better and cost $29.99 than weekend brunch $24.99 w/out champagne.
3	The waffle n pancake are good. That's all I can say. No, I wasn't impressed. Lack variety n imagination. Went there again for lunch the next day cos I really want to find out why would so many TV program touted it as 'the ' buffet in Vegas. Nope,  still couldn't figure it out. The sirloin looked dry, so I avoided it. Shrimp tasted like it came out of one those ready cooked bags. Dessert was uneventful.
3	I am not as impressed as everyone else.  The sushi is my favorite here as I have yet to be disappointed with it.  I find the meats to be dry and any pasta rubbery.  Snow crabs legs are good and the king crab legs tasted too fishy.  It is really crowded so it is hard to see everything on the tables.  The desserts are merely ok and not delicious enough to be called desserts.  I got sick about 2 hours after eating here.  Wynn's buffet is better.
4	Worth the wait and the money. Here's a tip, if there's a long line and there's only two of you sneak up to the hostess at the front and ask to sit at the bar...you won't have to wait as long! So much variety and top quality food. We went for lunch and maybe that is why they didn't have crab legs (those might be served only at dinner).
4	My husband and I have been hearing this is the best buffet in Vegas so we decided to give it a try. I have to say we were very lucky we arrived early and got in quickly by the time we left it had a huge line. I can see why though the food was definitely worth it. My favorites being the king crab legs the beef wellington and beef bourguignon but they had so many choices and Kobe style beef sirloin prime rib turkey Italian and Japanese cuisine as well as Chinese American and seafood selections. I highly recommend this buffet even though the service seems a bit slow for getting drinks refilled and removing plates. IT could easily be five star accept for the lack of service.
4	Second time here, and they have not disappointed!  Excellent choices for all the phases of your buffet gorge-fest.    Shrimp is hit or miss.Desserts are less than the Wynn, but overall pretty good, and always fresh.  Salad bar seems to be a vast desert with no takers, they could easily reduce this and put in another meat station...It's pricey for dinner, but they've got crab legs by the crateful, so it's worth it.Yes, I'll be back.  Again.
3	How disappointed. We went here for lunch and couldn't believe how sub par the food was. I guess since we heard such good things we expected better. We went to Caesars new buffet the night before and this buffet doesn't come close. The sliders were overcooked. The ribs were terrible. Sushi choices were all veggie until she finally made a spicy tuna roll which was average. Salads were good. If you like pesto this is the place. All the pastas with pesto and the mashed potatoes with pesto were good. Desserts were good. For the reputation I expected better.
3	Pretty good, though the table service for drinks was poor - perhaps I caught them at a bad time?
5	The BEST tasting full flavored Kobe Beef anywhere in Las Vegas!
1	After finding out they are serving Kobe beef steak we decided to bypass M's and Aria's and eat at Bellagio's. What can go wrong with all you can eat Kobe beef, right?! WRONG!! What a horrible mistake we made. First of all, they charge kids 5 and over FULL price as adults. What a rip-off, how much can 6 yrs old eats?!.....The Kobe beef is such a disappointment, the meat is overcooked and dry like they are from Home Town buffet, I tried two different batches and they all tasted the same.  I actually felt sorry for the "KOBE" cows that had to die for this... With so much other BETTER options around Vegas, we will never be back at Bellagio's buffet.
3	Seriously, what is going on with all of the Vegas Buffets?  Almost all of them have gone downhill.  Needless to say, Bellagio's buffet is not is as good as it used to be.  At $60 per person, it doesn't even equate to a good value compared to eating at some of the finer dining establishments. But, the buffet here is still one of the better ones around in terms of quality and freshness.  As more and more buffets go over the top, Bellagio's seems to be a bit outdated.just be wary of the fact that the prices can jump depending on the day and season.  Normally it should have been $30, but it was double that for dinner when we went.  There is still a good selection and the carving stations are always decent, with roasted chicken, turkey breast, or prime rib.Decent place, but no longer someplace I would go out of my way to visit.
5	Beautiful cold crab legs, wonderful mini creme brule! I love it so much!
3	Good value for an early dinner - $35-ish.Sushi is very basic, but a good hit of fish if you need it.Standouts for me are the King Crab legs (seriously, sweet and fresh) and prime rib.  If you're really hungry, and especially you're already at the Bellagio, you could do worse than turn here....
3	The Buffet at the Bellagio, an array of incredible fancy looking cuisine, that dissapoints with bland flavors however, not everything is bad for great service and selection this is a bargain....also, if u have a weak stomach don't plan on swimming after you eat  because you'll be spending a night with the SHARTS!
5	Great food and great service! Enough said!
4	I love buffets and this may be the towns best..now because I have eaten in proubly 25-30 buffets around town. I have the credentials to make a statement like that! OK as of today I haven't tried the new buffet at Ceasors. Best to have dinner here Fri,or Sat nite its then they serve Beef Wellington&Lamb chops..also best to get in B4  four PM then you pay the lunchen price . Its pricey around $20 for lunch & $35ish. for dinner but give it a try!.....UPDATE! since posting the above review I have now tried the new buffet at Censor's Palace and have to say that one is the best...Also the Bellagio's dinner price now starts at 3:30 PM.  UPDATE! After trying Ceasors new buffet,I have to rate that number !
4	Hands down THE BEST buffet alternative to the Rio and THE BEST on the Strip.  Despite the long lines and the $40 price tag ($36.99 plus $3 tax)  This buffet is worth the wait as well as every penny.   King crab already cut in half for you, bluenose, salmon, cocktail shrimp, pesto ravioli and more I can't remember or mention.  Can't get any better than that.  They also have dessert and some snacks (banana chips, raisins, etc.).  Sushi was ok, but service was great and the food was salivating and kept me coming back for more.  One star taken off for the long lines, but hey it's Vegas!  And yes, i'll be back (Arnold Schwarzenegger voice)...whenever I return to Vegas.
5	Ate here during the weekend brunch.  SO AMAZING.  And for only $33 with champagne, in Vegas?  Such a good deal.Had biggest selection ever, with the highest quality ever.  My entire group of 10 people wanted to cry when we were full and couldn't eat anymore, because there was just so much more delicious food to try!!!
2	I went to this buffet with a friend with a lot of rewards points or some kind of vip club status so we were able to go to the front of the line and let me say that if I had waited in the crazy long line that was there I would have been super pissed and that is one of the main reasons I am dropping this review to 2 stars.If it had not been for the long line I and the price would have been reasonable I might have given 4 stars because as for buffet food the quality and choice was good, NOT amazing but good.  The atmosphere was nice, good decor and service on par but for the price and long line.... Meh, there are better choices in Vegas
4	After the Wynn, I think the Bellagio is the best dinner buffet in Vegas.  Clean, big, interesting choices, nice room.  They have things like salmon and tuna poke (a sushi variety) and incredible meat and fish items.  I always try to make it to the Bellagio buffet when I'm in town.  A bit pricey but better than a plated dinner and if you skip the optional cocktails you can get a HUGE dinner for two with top quality food (crab legs, sushi, prime rib, beef, pasta, killer desserts) for under $90 with tip.I'd rate it an A.
3	Very dirty place.The bussers stroll around with big smelly carts with food leftovers between the tables to collect dirty dishes. DISGUSTING!! The food was OK but not great.They had crab legs.
2	This is only for breakfast, since that's the only one I've had.Having tried several breakfast buffets on the Strip, I have to say this isn't anything spectacular. The $16.99 price is kind of in-between, not too outrageous but from that I did expect more than what you get. They have the basics covered - eggs, sausage, bacon, ham, potatoes, french toast, pancakes, omelette station, fruit, yogurt, cereal, bagels, etc. Then a salad area, a few cold seafood salads, and a seemingly random area with I guess  "Asian" options, like miso soup and noodles and that type of thing. A few extra points for the biscuits and gravy, the gravy was quite good. Oh, and the breakfast burrito mix with tortillas was a nice option.It seems like a large enough area but its the same stuff at all the stations, so what seemed like a large selection really isn't. The food was all good, but nothing special and I've paid less for better on the Strip. The service was on the lower end as well - I realize they aren't going to be tipped much and I'm sure they know that, but when their only job is to take your drink order I get really annoyed when the waitstaff doesn't even bother to check and see if you need your drinks refilled, as was the case here. Won't be coming back.
5	The Buffet at the Bellagio is a must stop on anyone Vegas trip.  I've been to Vegas three times now and haven't missed it yet.  It's huge and they have tons of choices from seafood, prime rib, salad bar, Asian, Mexican, desert bar, and everything in between.  It's best to go after 10am or on the weekends when they have brunch and bottomless mimosas for only $30!!  Seriously.....the mashed potatoes are the best I've ever had!!!!
5	I come here for brunch on my final day in Vegas and it was the perfect way to wrap up my trip! In Vegas, I think this place is as good as it gets!There will be a line... a long one, but trust me it's worth the wait.Great food & great options! ENJOY!
5	This place is absolutely amazing!  You can get every type of food known in all different cuisines.  They usually always have some type of carving stations open meaning beef (the beef during lunch is usually a skirt steak that is amazing at night it is usually prime rib and sometimes kobe beef.  The prime rib is usually quite good and the kobe is amazing.  They have a large vegetable station including my favorite glazed carrots.  They have so many other types of foods it is hard to list them all.  A few tips, getting there at 3PM during lunch allows you to pay lunch prices before dinner starts (depending on the length of the line) but you get the best of both if you don't mind waiting for dinner stuff to come out.   This place is almost always busy but if you have Pearl status in MGM Grand's players club you get a line pass.  It is not terribly hard to get to Pearl status by just staying at the properties so look into it if you frequent this buffet the line pass is awesome.  And the Sunday brunch is quite amazing.  You get crab legs with the Sunday dinner but not much else so I would go at 330 on Sunday's again to get the brunch price with dinner foods. The desserts for me were a mixed bag. They have a ton of different things to choose from and I am not a total desert person so for me I am more into simple things and they are much more exotic at this buffet so not bad by any means but if you prefer vanilla ice cream let's say you might be a bit disappointed in the deserts.
5	This buffet still and is one of the top buffets in Las Vegas from the top notch service, upscale design and food options. This shows how much a buffet of this caliber still is one of the Top 5 buffets in Vegas. -IMHO-My top 5 buffets are:Bellagio - The BuffetWynn - The BuffetMirage - CravingsPlanet Hollywood - Spice Market BuffetMandalay Bay - Bayside BuffetThe buffet line can get really long but mostly on weekends and the time of day but if your an Mlife Gold member, you have your own line and no wait! Just some perks of being an Mlife card holder. ;)The buffet is expensive especially in a hotel like Bellagio but one thing I heard was to come an hour early to pay for the breakfast price or punch price before they start switching the plates and you save around $12 - $20 USD. Not bad Ehhh....The selection is superb which only a buffet like Bellagio would have with a meat station that has Kobe beef, juicy and tender prime rib, suculent baby pigs, chicken and Roast beef.The seafood section which is my favorite part if the buffet, second would be dessert, has the huge large size shrimp in ice with the cocktail sauce on the side and the king crab legs which are already cut in half so you don't have to break the legs and dig the meet out but they have clampers available. The desert section is just a half circle in the buffet and includes different kinds of cookies, cakes, pastries and last but not least GELATO!! =P What also seperates this buffet with the other strip buffets is that it has a restroom located inside the buffet so you don't have to walk outside through the casino and be tempted to gamble. Most buffets were designed for to walk out when using the restroom and gamble but this to me was a +++.  Did I mention the customer aervicewas excellent, one incident proved how my waitress went above and beyond for their buffet guests. I was planning on going back to get a new plate and decided to leave my cell phone on the table and when I came back to my table it disappeared and I thought someone had stolen it. Then my waitress came back and told me she thought I had left the buffet and wanted to keep it in safe hands incase it went amiss and I was so impressed with what she had done especially watching out for the customer. I couldn't remember her name but I do remember what she looked like and I'll never forget how honest and caring she was unlike other waitresses in buffets who were just having a bad day. Psssh!I shall return to this buffet eveytime I visit Vegas.=()
5	I'm preaching to the choir but this seriously is an excellent buffet! This along with the Paris Champagne Brunch Buffet are the favs. This place is all about the food food food. The selection of foods is excellent E,g,.tender meats, fresh fruits like berry platters, always just an amazing selection and quality for the price. Fresh shrimp cocktail, etc etc. Desserts are tasty creme brulee among tons more.Let me emphasize that while every hotel has a buffet, this place has QUALITY food and selection worthy of kings. Mmm mm mm - this is always a must-do when we hit up Vegas. Atmosphere is a bit just fuddy duddy, but that's ok, it's all about the food!
4	The Buffet at Bellagio has a nice selection of food. It won't wow you over and the atmosphere isn't exactly hip, but I enjoyed what I had and ended my meal with a dessert of carrot cake, bread pudding, ice cream, and bananas foster. I love dessert and took a full buffet plate so I could pile it high with sweetness. I love America!Aside from the prime rib (it was good but small) they were serving up Kobe beef the night I went. I had never tried Kobe before and...and...maybe it said "Kobey beef" or "Coby beef" because it wasn't exactly the most tender beef I've ever had. The prime rib was actually more tender. Oh well.
5	Excellent selection of seafood, meats, breads/cheeses and everything else. The deserts are divine! However, I found sushi to be rather mediocre. But than again, you don't really go for a quality sushi to a buffet. Crab legs were sliced in half, so you don't have to crack them. The shrimps are already peeled. Overall - great experience. Definitely recommend it.
2	I wasn't very impressed with this place. But for the price of $27 per person (on weekends), it was just ok. Selection isn't as grand as the Wynn buffet, but again, you get what you pay for. Although I have to say, if anyone who has been to the buffet at  Barona Casino in San Diego, you'll have a better time there at half the price!The Italian portion of the buffet: most of the pasta was over-sauced or dried up, but that's always the issue when pasta is left out for a while. Japanese side? Sushi is decent, but again, I've had way better. Their side dishes were over salted or overly spicy, which made the dishes seemingly unauthentic. I have to say though, the seafood was fresh, but there weren't any crab legs when I was there so I only grabbed a few shrimps. Fresh and sweet! The American side: mostly the prime rib to critique. It's a small slice and I was pleased it was small because I wouldn't have eaten anymore of it. It was difficult to cut, especially since I was cutting with what felt like a butter knife. Seasoning was lacking, but cooked to a nice medium rare. And as for my favorite part of buffets, the desserts? I was happy with the variety, but unhappy that they looked better than they tasted. I sampled about half of the options, and most of them were too sweet or too creamy or too dry. I know that this is one of the more affordable buffets in Vegas and as a poor college student, we always try find ways of cutting corners and saving a bit. But if you're looking for a real Vegas place, skip this place. I still have yet to find THE best buffet in Vegas because no one ever wants to go to the clubs bloated afterwards. So maybe another time I'll come to Vegas just to eat buffets!Nothing special, pass!
2	line was ridiculously long, breakfast was $25.95 and the eggs were a runny mess.
5	I love the Bellgaio Buffet!!!!We came here on a weekday for dinner so the price was somewhat cheaper compare to the weekend, but the food was absolutely amazing considering its selection. Some of the food items that were served included 1) Snow Crab legs 2) Alaskan King Crab Legs 3) Shrimp Cocktail 4) Mussels 5) California Sushi Roll 6) Salmon and Tuna Nigiri 7) Macaroon 8) Watermelon 9) Ice Cream 10) Variations of Cheese and a lot more. Great service as well.I would recommend coming early considering the line was quite long when we left around 7:00pm.Pricing for the Buffet (from the website):Lunch $19.99Monday - Friday 11:00am - 4:00pmDinner $29.99Sunday - Thursday 4:00pm - 10:00pmGourmet Dinner $36.99Friday - Saturday 4:00pm - 10:00pmWeekend Brunch $24.99
3	was determined to squeeze this in on my last day in vegas basked on a few friends recommendation.  It's hard for me to rate a buffet because i have no self control and eat like a pig until i am sick which then makes me dislike.   I will start off by saying the champagne brunch is a bang for the buck.  You get unlimited champagne or mimosa's for 6.00 more.  There is a ton of food.  but alot of it is muffins, oatmeals, all this healthy crap that i can eat for a couple of bucks!  I did enjoy the eggs benedict and the prime rib. The rest was just okay.   But for 33.00 i was half lit and stuffed for half the day.
2	This place has a vast selection, including king crab legs, shrimp cocktail, breakfast fare, roasts of different kinds, variety of desserts, and some world food (stir fries, pizzas, sushi, etc). Some of it (crab legs) is very tasty, but there are too many things that are mediocre. We had a completely tough piece of fish, steamed buns that were completely soggy, the list just goes on and on. The inconsistency of their food makes me wish that they offered less variety and focused on making everything great.
5	My favorite buffet in Las Vegas!  The sea bass is stellar.  The carrots, of all things, are so good.  In fact, this buffet does vegetables with great care, from green beans to pesto whipped potatoes.  The spicy tuna hand rolls are a great starter.  Ask for them by the sushi.  The soups are always fabu, the manhattan clam chowder being my fave.  Yes, they have peeled shrimp, pizza, carving stations...all the usuals.  I suggest branching out a bit.  Try the smoked trout, cous cous with peas and mushrooms, beef bourguignon.  For dessert, the carrot cake gets a big thumbs up.  Bon appetit!
3	The Bellagio Buffet is definitely overhyped. I came here for the first time over the summer. I was so surprised that is about $40 per a person, but I guess it is decent since it was so packed and it is after all VEGAS. I must admit there was alot of variety and great selections. However, some of the food just did not taste so great. The lamb shank and the bone marrow I had was good. But the steak i had was so chewy and dry. I almost choked on it. The asian options were also a little limited. The sushi quality was really good I miss admit.My favorite dish when i can here was actually a sea bass dish. The fish was moist and not overcooked.
5	Excellence. That is all.
5	I've only ever come here for lunch, which runs around $20. Food is fantastic. You come here expecting more upscale dishes, it being in the Bellagio, and you get just that. I make a run here every time I'm near the Bellagio.
4	excellent.  go in right before lunch closes and stay for dinner.  awesome king crab legs.  prime rib was really good.  everything was really good.  wayyyyyy better than the buffet at planet hollywood.
2	I was so looking forward to this buffet.  I expected more seafood items than what was offered.  They had snow crab legs, sushi, variety of mussels dishes, and variety of fishes.  But their sushi wasn't extensive at all just the ordinary California roll and vegetarian rolls; nothing "fancy" and too much rice.  The meat was prepared nicely however after sitting under the heat lamps it got dry and had a jerky texture instead.  Lots of dessert offerings.
4	I normally don't do buffets but this one is fantastic! For around $25 at dinner, you have items to chose from like, king crab, prime rib, pesto mashed potatoes and sushi! There is a salad bar, soups, various fish entrees, Asian, Indian, Italian and American foods. Plus everything is good! I think I tried a little of everything! :( The dessert bar has a good selection of yummies like tirimisu,cheesecake and tarts. They are all presented really nice with chocolate "B's", for Bellagio of course. Not all buffets are good on the strip so BUYER BEWARE. Spend the extra $5 per person to go to the Bellagio, it is WELL worth the extra cash.
1	As locals i Love BuffetsCame here with a large Group of ppl on a sat Morning (12 of us ) 1 Noir Member 2 plat MembersWe didnt came Together so the First Group was seated & we 2 Joined them. After 3 min our waiter came & Asked us to Pay 18% gratuity because we are more then 6 or 8? Don t know it any more. We told her that the First Group already Paied the 18%. She insisted & wanted us to Pay it now. So we told her over And over to Check it again. Then the supervisor came & told us the Same story again. Instead of checking the check Before asking us !!!!they let us Look like we Where lying. Come on that was so embarassing. Will Not go back.
5	The chef was very accommodating to give us a tour of the entire buffet (We being vegetarians). Also she made some special vegetarian dishes based on our request.Apart from that the food was really good with a lot ( I mean lot) of options ranging from Italian, Chinese, Japanese (The veg sushi was absolutely delicious), Mexican etc.
3	Good food. VERY CLEAN for a buffet! Great Selection! Good price!
5	If you're a guy and need to take a dump midway through your meal, use the restrooms located right outside of the buffet; it's way cleaner! Time for round two!
4	Ideal place for dinner if you love or love to try 3 things: prime rib, sea bass, and king crab.  They already cracked open the crab legs for you,  so no time is wasted in gobbling your money's worth of sweet meats.  However, don't expect a nice sushi bar or even decent Asian food here. It's not an all-around, all-star buffet.  Just one that excels in "high ticket" items (yay for king crabs!)
3	I'm not generally a buffet fan so this is a grain of salt review. We headed over to Bellagio for Saturday brunch. Got there a little before 11 and waited 30 minutes-ish before getting seated. Lunch menu was $32.Selection was quite impressive with a lot of variety. It reminded me of a Mexican/Caribbean resort venue, where quantity abounds over quality. Usual stuff like the omelet station was available, though for that coin I'd have liked to see more high-end stuff. Prime rib, roasted turkey, smoked salmon and a decent-looking sushi bar were probably the best bang for the buck. No problems with service; drink refills were plentiful and easy to come by.
4	Went for brunch/lunch with my family... We opted for the Bellagio over the Wynn based on the reviews. We arrived at 1100 and finally got through the long line around 1200. I was pleasantly surprised with the cleanliness, huge variety of the food, and drinks. There is a little bit of everything from meats, pastas, seafood, salads, pizzas, breads, fruits, breakfast items (omlet station, pancakes/waffles, warm maple syrup, thick slabs of bacon, red potatoes, and sausage-SO YUMMY!!!!) and desserts!!! Champage/mimosas were optional for a small extra charge and the orange juice tasted like it was freshly squeezed. My favorites were the large cocktail shrimp, prime rib, ham, turkey, sea bass/salmon, coos coos, sushi, eggs bennidict, and the best cherry danishes that I've ever had!!!! The fresh fruit was amazingly sweet and ripe especially the strawberries, cantaloupe, and watermelon. The waitress was attentive and checked on our table often. We tried everything and I wasn't disappointed with anything. My daughter is 8 and can be a picky eater, but even she was in  pure heavan with the selections. For 3 people we spent $98.00 and it was worth every penny!!! We'll defiantly be back!
4	Best Buffet! Such a large selection! Only downside is the LINE for this place. But if you plan ahead, and get in line an hour before you want to be eating, you wont regret it!
5	Bellagio was beautiful and the buffet was awesome. There was soo much food and everything was up to par. I also enjoyed the buffet a tad bit more than everyone else since I was buzzed the whole time, but I remembered how good the food was ;)
4	Stay away from the starches and indulge on all the wonderful selections of meats they have there and assorted seafood and then finish off with tasty desserts and you will be so full you have to walk the strip just so it will relieve the giant lump in your stomach
1	Came here solely because I heard they had Beef Wellington. It was completely devoid of flavor. I ate about 3 servings of it, all from different Wellingtons, and none of them were cooked anything less than medium-well. SERIOUSLY?The rack of lamb was even worse. It had almost a sweet taste to it. Do they not know how to season their food?Their only redeeming quality was the variety of desserts offered, none were great but they were good and there sure were a lot.In the end, the desserts can't make up for the hefty $40+ price.
1	This buffet was such a let down.  There wasn't one single item on the buffet that stood out as great.  The fact that I paid $42.00 for it makes me think I would have been better off gambling with this money and getting a burger from a fast food restaurant.  The beef wellington was well done and had very little seasoning.  As far as the rack of lamb, there was only med well and well done to choose from.  I could go on and on, but the Wynn is so much better and basically the same price.  Go to the Bellagio to watch the water show, but move on after that.
4	Definitely a Vegas staple and used to be a must-visit (before Caesar's Bacchanal Buffet opened, which is only $5 more and significantly better). Great selection of entrees but the dessert station will disappoint. Service is prompt and courteous.
3	3.975 Stars! It wasn't exactly up to par with the Bacchanal Buffet at the Caesar's Palace or the Carnival World Buffet at the Rio. Nonetheless, having the tiny tummy that I do, all it took was 4 rounds before I could hardly get up anymore and I will say, I was contented.My parents and I decided to spice up family day by trying out the buffet at the Aria but when we got there, we were told it was under renovation so we diverted our route to plan B and that was either Bellagio or Wynn. Seeing as Bellagio was not too far away, we settled here for lunch. At 12:30pm, there were hardly any lines and we were seated almost right away at our table. I was almost completely aware that our server seemed very very tired. Thankfully, he ended his shift not too long after we arrived and Victor took over for the rest of our dining experience. Changing gears for a second, the food made its mark on my family. 5 Cheese Tortellini in Pesto held a special place on my plate almost every time I went back. There was sushi, a variety of cheese, cold cuts, cous cous, salads and fresh vegetable rolls (please avoid these) for appetizers and plenty more. An array of main course options included pineapple fried rice (it had an exotic touch to it which I loved), beef flank, jumbo shrimp cocktail, pizza, pastas. I have to say though, that the dessert didn't really live up to my expectations. I was hoping they'd have more ice-cream options but instead, they only offered chocolate, vanilla and a couple of sorbets. No creme brulee or macarons like I wished. NOTE that they boot up the dishes for dinner (king crab in the house!) at 3:30pm so take your time with lunch and just wait till the hour strikes and feast upon the magical extras! Our server, Victor, was more than entertaining and after noticing how much I loved dessert (and at that point, couldn't quite get up to grab any more), he brought me and my mom some tiramisu and raspberry cheesecake shooters which were the bomb! I am absolutely thankful for his pleasant service and how he would occasionally drop by our table to joke around with my dad. Keep this buffet on top of your list, but place it up number 3 or 4 for back-up!
5	The best buffet I've ever been to!
3	The Bellagio Buffet was one of our favorite buffets whenever we visit Vegas.  We arrived a little before 3pm on a Friday for the buffet and did not have to experience any waiting lines and were promptly seated. Our waitress promptly took our drink orders shortly after we were seated.  Started out with some salads, peeled shrimp and sushi.  They were good but nothing special.  They have snow crab legs, but at 3:30pm they start bringing out the dinner items and that includes crab legs. These were a lot better than the snow crab legs.I usually gravitate towards to the carving station at buffets.  The slices of beef and the beef wellington were disappointing to say the least.  Both were medium well and were on the dry side.  The wellingtons that were on the carving station were all at the same medium well doneness.  Wow, shouldn't you have different doneness to satisfy the different palates?The desserts were the best part of my meal.  With a decent selection, they were in most part pretty good.The service was very good and efficient.  Our used plates were promptly removed from our table.Overall, the food appears to have dropped in quality from our past visits.  For a couple of bucks more, the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's is worth it as it is in another class.  We had tried the Bacchanal Buffet and everything we tried was delicious.  Sorry, but can't say this is the case for the Bellagio Buffet.
4	We had breakfast here during the week. It was a hybrid brunch with a few lunch type items. We arrived shortly after 8 am and only waited about 10 minutes before we paid and were seated. My husband loved the omelet station and the bacon was perfectly crispy. Service was very good and even the decaf coffee was really good.The cost of the buffet was about the same as the "sit down" breakfast we had at Cafe Bellagio and we had many more choices and fuller bellies!Take the time to get an M Life card before you go and you'll save yourself some time getting in. Also get there early for breakfast and you won't be waiting with a rumbling stomach!
3	This was not the amazing extravagance that the "top" rated buffet in Vegas  I used to remember. Only 2 active chef stations and they took the bacon and eggs away at 1 pm!!
3	Bellagio, what can I say?I stood on line for like an hour plus and when I finally sat down the server came by frequently.However, I was truly baffled by how small the area for the buffet was! I have seen bigger buffets at 2 and 3 star hotels on the strip and off!I enjoyed the crab and the carrot cake, and everything tasted like "expensive" rather than rich and hearty. Thus, the quality of the food was not necessarily better but it was "superior" in the subjective high-end realm of taste. Was it worth $20 plus dollars for a smaller-selection dinner with fast service, long lines, expensive-tasting but not comfort-like food? It depends on who you're asking. I'll pass.
5	I love this buffet, especially the champagne brunch, the price is great, and the prime rib is excellent. I have eaten everywhere in vegas, but keep coming back here.
1	$77 dollars for two of us on Sunday the 25th of November and the food was not worthy of a 10 dollar breakfast anywhere in the country. Everything was cold, under cooked or over cooked. We gave up on breakfast and tried the shrimp and crab legs just hoping to try to get something for our money. The shrimp were good but the crab legs were frozen. Needless to say we ate about 10 bucks worth of shrimp and left. I have to say I was very disappointed and left angry that I just paid a premium for really horrible food. I would never go back. Do yourself a favor skip this and go anywhere else.
4	hands down my favorite buffet in las vegas!!i've been to the buffets at aria, planet hollywood, cesar's palace and wynn and was always disppointed. BUT i always walk away from the buffet at the bellagio super satisfied! my family and i visited las vegas during thanksgiving weekend and wanted to eat at this buffet so we decided to come at 4pm to avoid dinner traffic. sigh, our plan was a TOTAL FAIL! the line was extremely long and was told that the wait was 2 hours. my family decided to pay for the vip pass to bypass the line! the dinner price for the buffet was 44.99 and the pass was 15 per person...i know, it adds up BIG TIME. BUT! once we got in and started eating, we slowly forgot how empty our wallets were! the food was delicious! my top favorites:-prime rib-kobe beef-king crab legs-butternut squash ravioli-make your own tacos -BREAD PUDDING!!!!! ( I STILL HAVE DREAMS ABOUT THIS!! OMG SO GOOD ) can't wait to go back to vegas so i can eat here again :)
5	Legit buffet.  I went with a group of about 15 people, as we were in Vegas for a friend's 30th birthday.  # 1 - All you can drink mimosas, which is genius in a town where 99% of the visitors are hungover.  # 2 - VARIETY!  You can seriously get anything you want at this buffet.  # 3 - Service.  Our waitress came by our table just about every 10 minutes to refill our mimosas, coffee, and water.  # 4 - Atmosphere.  I mean, it is the Bellagio - the quintessential Vegas experience.  If you are considering doing it - do it.
5	Best buffet I've ever been to -- although even at 4:30 PM, you will have to stand in line for about an hour.Cost about $37 when I went, and it was better than some $45 buffets I've been to in LA.All-you-can-eat Macarons? Yes indeed.
3	I expected better for the price. It is close to the price of Wynn buffett and I think wynn is 100x better.
4	I've been to my share of Vegas buffets on and off The Strip and I still prefer coming here over going to the newer and more expensive Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace. I like that they put the salads behind the see through counter so they don't get contaminated by messy patrons. The guy preparing the salads will serve you a portion.The obvious must eats:King crab legs (split apart for your convenience)Prime ribKobe beef  (not really kobe, definitely not fatty enough)Jumbo cocktail shrimpChocolate covered strawberries (actually the entire dessert station)Year after year, this buffet still has not disappointed me once.
4	Since I'm not a frequenter of buffets, I was rather curious about the hoopla surrounding them.  When our Canuck pals came into town for a quick visit, they suggested we check out Bellagio's buffet, since they wanted to try it.  I was more impressed than I thought!  The variety of food and the quality of the food was great (I really enjoyed the protein offerings).  You will find prime rib and seafood and Mexican entrees and sushi....whatever you could possibly want.  Everything I had, from the meat to the veggies, tasted fresh.  And dessert!  Lots of them and happily, everything wasn't too large.....which meant lots of sampling.  My favourites included the little lemon tarts and the chocolate mousse.Service was good and the seating area didn't feel like I was in a buffet.  Our server was very patient with us, especially when my friend's kid spilled Coke everywhere.  ;P
4	A bit pricey but worth it.  I can't say anything bad about the food here, everything I got from the lunch buffet line was good.  Service is excellent and we got seated pretty quickly.  Highlights:The spicy tuna roll was actually pretty close to something you get from a sushi bar!  Smoked salmon had the right balance of not being being too salty and a hint of smoky flavor, shrimp cocktail was pretty big and cocktail sauce was not too sweet or sour.  Soft serve and other desserts were good too, not overly sweet.Recommended for sure!
1	Very unpleasant staff. When I questioned why price was 17.99 yesterday and now 30 today, cashier rolled her eyes and in an exasperated tone informed me that weekend brunch was more. Ok. Try posting prices and we won't have to ask!  Then trying to get seated with dozens of empty tables took 15 min of waiting for 5 staff members ambling around like mindless zombies to finally decide to seat people. Then getting served cold "hot" tea by a clearly confused waiter/waitress (? - still not really sure what they were and I'm a physician). I think next time I need to just grab a croissant elsewhere
5	I gave it 5 stars because I've eaten at several buffets in Vegas and there's only one other that compares (Bachanal Buffet at Ceasar's Palace). I'm going to include this at the top of my review: IF THERE ARE ONLY TWO OF YOU...DO NOT WAIT IN LINE. Go to the front and ask to sit at the bar. The wait was over 45 minutes, but thanks to another reviewer, we read that smaller parties can sit at the bar and jump the line. Just ask the hostess to check for you. Our entire meal lasted almost 2 hours and we were the only two people sitting there so we got to know our bartender and had a great time. We went here for dinner and even though it's over $40 per person for dinner, it's cheaper than two people eating at any of the high end restaurants in the Casino. Some of the pasta was a little over cooked, but the selection was great and the desserts were awesome. Mini creme brulee, eclairs, tiramisu, soft serve ice cream, Frangelico cups, macaroons, carrot cake, etc The dessert bar at Ceasar's is definitely larger, but the Bellagio's was still impressive and everything on it was great. For dinner, there were two types of fish, two types of crab legs, cocktail shrimp, several meat carving stations, mid grade sushi that I didn't try because I'm picky and there were things that looked better, salad, pizza, and pastas. The bread selection was good with several artisan breads and our service was great. I forget her name, but she was just the cutest southern lady and we had a great time talking with her while we ate.
4	As some of the reviews state, yes there is definitely a wait, and yes, the cashiers are definitely not the most pleasant people... but overall, I thought this buffet was well worth the $40. I can't even remember the last time I went to a buffet, but I loved all the choices here. And it never felt too crowded while getting food. Lots of different meats, seafood, and pastas. Crab legs, sushi, and kobe beef. Italian pastas, chinese food, turkey and sweet potatoes, tacos, pizzas, etc. You name it, it was probably there in some form. The desserts were good too (bread pudding, brownies, cheesecake, tiramisu, etc.) Overall, I was a little disappointed with the crab and the sushi, but the salmon and pesto tortellini made up for it. While in Vegas, this was probably my wisest food purchase of the week. The strip is so expensive anyway, trying to go cheap usually means sacrificing quality while still paying an inflated price. Just go to a buffet :)
3	We ate on Saturday night and paid $38/person.  We waited about 45 min in the non-VIP line. For the quality of food, I thought it was expensive.  The food was OK.  However, the dessert was very good.  Oh, and while you're waiting in line, you get to numb your nostrils with smell of cigarettes.  But I suppose it's that way at all the places where you wait in line by the casinos.
5	Yummy lunch buffet! Lots of different foods and vegetarian options. This only my second buffet in Vegas but there's a good chance I will be returning my next trip! Warning: the sushi doesn't come out until 12. So be prepared to sit if you get there early!
3	Decent buffet, def didn't live up to the hype.
3	The breakfast selection at the Buffet was pretty delicious, but the dinner selection was pretty standard. The line to eat was insane & we would have opted out if we weren't mLife members. The price was too expensive in my opinion, mainly because I never get my money's worth at buffets. Overall, it wasn't a bad choice. Though, I would venture away from the strip and support some local small businesses in Vegas. I found some gems out there that were cheap.
5	5 stars is definitely worth it for this buffet. This is kinda one of those buffet where you should dress up a bit since many people would feel out of place when they're wearing a t-shirt with athletic shorts so the least you should wear is a button down collared shirt. After i got off of the bus to bellagio, we walked to the buffet. There is a wait and I can see why many people came. After about an hour of waiting in line, we got in and got seated. The food has tons of variety so I stuffed my face with paella, sashimi, crab legs, and roast lamb. The desserts were AMAZING. The bread pudding, raspberry tart, banana foster, and the rest of the desserts were so good not to mention very pretty looking. After I couldn't eat another bite, I could see why the dinner price is over 30 bucks a person. Come over here for dinner and you won't regret it. If you're too lazy to walk over here, then just take the double decker bus since bellagio is in the central area of the strip.
4	Paid $35 total (tax + tip included) for a Sunday brunch.To avoid any disappointment, I would make sure to be cautious of what your expectations for the food will be. Reading Yelp reviews made me expect delicious crab legs, lobster, macarons, and creme brulee. When I finally went, none of these existed, except for crab legs that were "okay" tasting, and served very very cold. After reading more reviews and using deduction, I believe the buffet price will fluctuate (up or down) depending on what specials they might serve at the buffet, and that it won't always have the same foods. Which is a bit disappointing, since you get excited over reading reviews or hearing about it from friends, and then if you happen to go during a different day or season, you might end up having different food served. That's my biggest disappointment with this place. It'd be great if they could straight up list the highlights of food served to justify the differences in prices.As for the buffet itself, make sure you know how to pace yourself and make sure to go only if you like variety. There is a good amount of food to try, but if you are picky and/or don't like some of the selection, you're not going to get your money's worth unless you find the dishes you really like and stock up on those. I personally give this place 4 stars because I ate here for at least 4 hours and went out with such a happy belly.Some food I really enjoyed (this was on a Sunday, some were for brunch and some were for dinner menu): prime rib, shrimp, spicy tuna handrolls, all sashimi and nigiri sushi, tortellini, bacon, eggs benedict, flan, cheesecake, chocolate mouse, banana french toast, seaweed, pesto mashed potatoes, wonton soup.
4	Great buffet, classic setting, no complaints other than the obvious crowds.I was lucky and got here with 20 minutes left for breakfast so I paid the lower entrance fee and after my first round, they converted everything to lunch food and higher prices, so I felt like I beat the Man on that one.I am not sure if this is still the best in Vegas, as I have not been to them all, but you will be very satisfied here and the ambiance is awesome.
2	A disappointment. The other reviews led me to set my expectations higher than I normally would for a buffet - bad move. This is a step above Golden Corral but not worth the price. Just go to a real restaurant.
4	Pricey but satisfying. Went for dinner on a Monday. The line was crazy. There is a whole lot a variety. The desserts are well done. I'd say everything was tasty, but nothing stood out over anything else. There's a premium for alcohol, which sucks. My friend who has a gluten allergy found plenty of thing to eat.
2	this is better than Cosmo's buffet in my opinion$32 weekday dinnerprime rib was a bit stringycrab legs (2 varieties) ask them to heat it up for youflank steak - tasty!overall food was tastyI used to go to the Wynn buffet but don't know if it is good anymore
4	Great buffet with a nice variety of foods, comfortable ambiance, and ideal location.  The food is tasty and it's a couple bucks cheaper than the Wicked Spoon buffet.
4	came here for company holiday dinner - apparently gourmet dinner turned into holiday dinner which was $10 more but it was kool round 1: RAW - poke was fresh excellent sashimi good sushi good hand rolls superb round 2: Seafood - king crab legs excellen juicy & succulent / shrimp cocktail good clam chowder warm & satisifying w/ lumps of clam  round 3: MEAT!! kindda disappointing round lamb chops overcooked kobe meat couldnt cut into but the PRIME RIB meltedi my mouth round 4: desserts creme bruleee oooohhhh soo good oooo lala macaroons good meringues good fruit tarts excellent ice cream good round 5: fruit juicy sweet watermelon / strawberries overall good
5	It was Sunday before the Christmas and the waiting line was ridiculously long. We waited about a hour before we were seated. After we were seated, our waiter immediately took our drink orders. Once we had our drinks, we were ready to chow down the whole buffet! Price: Holiday dinner was $47.99. Dining atmosphere wasn't as fancy as the Wicked Spoon; however, I like the food here better than the Wicked Spoon's. What do you get for $47.99? Smoked salmon, Chinese duck, Chinese broccoli, lamb chops, prime ribs, goose meat, sushi, nigiri, gnocchi bolognese, beef wellington, and tasty desserts. Oh, they also had the taco station and shrimp cocktail!The good: Lamb chops were simply amazing! Not only the seasoning was just right, lambs were tender and juicy! Chinese duck and broccoli were actually pretty good. As for the dessert, pecan pie tasted soooooo good! The Bad: Miso soup was fairly salty. Disappointment: They ran out of creme brulee =(Other than the long waiting line, it was definitely an amazing buffet experience. The food at the Bellagio is definitely far more superior than the Wicked Spoon's. Would I come back here if I get another chance? Hell yea!
4	Food was really good especially near Christmas!  But first, they have great customer service.  I have a special needs son and the wait was going to be two hours.  I spoke with one of the service people and they got a manager to speak with me.  He was able to get me to the head of the line and a discount for him.  The person (Marianna) in charge of the line was extremely nice and brought tears to my eyes.Anyway, try the crab legs and shrimp cocktail (better than Bacchanal), the duck breast, grilled duck legs, and of course, the goose.  They had great grilled lamb chops, prime rib and sushi.  Selection is not as vast as Bacchanal, but it is a lot cheaper and we found that my son likes the chicken mole sauce.Really, really good was the grilled sea bass.The Kobe beef was so so, but the other meats make up for it.Desserts were OK but the fresh fruit was excellent.They have free beer and wine by the glass.Will be back.
4	Out of all the buffets in Vegas, I chose this one because I read online that it is one of the better quality ones.  (The ones at the Wynn & Caesar's Palace seemed to get high marks too.)  I went here for dinner the day after Christmas, so they had holiday prices of $47.99/person...pretty steep, but so be it.  I believe the usual dinner price is $32.  What was really outrageous is that it was a 2 hour, 10 minute wait to get a table and that line moved extremely slowly!  If I had known that the wait was that long, I wouldn't have done it.  I've never in my life waited that long to eat a meal!  It was rather miserable & I hadn't eaten all day.  They actually gave people the option of paying $20 to go in the front of the line, like how they have the flash passes for the rides at amusement parks.  It was probably worth paying, but I didn't do it.As far as the food itself, the selection was pretty good.  There's several things I'd never eat & I didn't really try them now.  But there were almost as many foods I did like, such as the pesto mashed potatoes (very tasty!), the gnocchi, shrimp cocktail, cold calamari salad, sushi, turkey, and cornbread stuffing.  Overall, I think the quality of the food is great!  This is the buffet with the crab legs that are split in half.  I didn't try them, but my boyfriend did.  He thought they were OK.  He didn't know they were chilled and they weren't as large as he thought.  There was hot melted butter to go with them, but combined with the chilled legs, it gave them a lukewarm/funny temperature.  Many people were eating piles of them.The interior was very nice & elegant...after all, it is the Bellagio.  The waiter was very nice.  With all those thousands of diners, the employees there worked their heads off!
3	For a buffet at Bellagio i was expecting a better service. The wait time was more than an hour and after getting in we waited  like ten minutes for our drinks. Food was decent. Probably i wouldn't come back.
1	Absolutely the worst!! This is the first time I have ever commented on Yelp, but was so disappointed I had to write.Totally felt taken advantage of. Waited in line for an hour and a half and paid $47.99 for the "holiday" meal. "Kobe" Beef ice cold, crab stringy and partially frozen, pastas just a big glop of starch, stations were sloppy & not maintained. Then they wanted to add an 18% gratuity for a group of 8. Seriously another $70.00 to clear plates & bring drinks?! I will stick to the Wynn!
3	This is so disappointing! At $50 a person for holiday,  the quality and tastes should be better, way better!  The prices has gone up and quality has gone down.After an hour wait in line, we were so ready to eat. The food looks good and appetizing but when I put it in my mouth, it was just so disappointing. Too hard? too tough? tasted bland?.. yes, all the above!duck, prime rib, duck legs, lamb, king crab leg, cocktail shrimps, sushi, and everything else a high end buffet has. Desserts were average, my favorite was the cheesecake.I don't see an huge difference in the items between a regular dinner menu and a holiday "gourmet" dinner which is about ten dollars more then the usual.
4	I wish if I can give two different star ratings for the food and the dessert.I'd give 5 stars for the food and only 3 stars for the dessert.Must-try food:Alaskan King crab leg - this is the #1 reason my husband and I came here. We tried the same crab leg in Bacchanal buffet at Caesars Palace. Trust me, the Bellagio ones are bigger and much lumpier in meat. Also, the Bellagio's is COLD crab leg, while the Bacchanal's is WARM crab leg.Prime rib - cooked medium well, just the right amount for the meat to stay tender and juicy. For the price rib, they serve 2 choices: regular beef prime rib and wagyu beef. To be honest, I like the regular prime rib. Can't even tell if the other one is wagyu because there's not enough marbling to convince me it's wagyu. Pork rib - Juicy and tender, with right amount of Asian sweetnessAhi poke - right amount of heat, dip it in wasabi + soy sauceRock cod - melts in your mouthSkipped food, so don't know how to judge:All pizzas and pastasAll saladAs for the dessert, I was very disappointed. The desserts was lacking in selection and it lacks creativity. Mostly just small piece of tarts and tiramisu, boring old creme brulee, bread pudding, and flan. The only dessert that I truly enjoyed was the eclair. My husband told me they use to serve great selection of Gelato, but it was not available when we came during Christmas.If you are crazy for desserts, do to Bacchanal Buffet. You will feel like in heaven.
2	Way overpriced for what you get. Also, the line is a gazillion miles long (~3hr wait on Christmas starting at 3pm?) so don't expect to get in right away!The interior of this place is gorgeous and price-appropriate. Everything is clean and fresh. The buffet itself is huuuge, but there is no way you're going to be able to try everything, so don't even attempt. We tried. Didn't succeed.Food I found meh/would eat again:- Beef wellington- Tuna/salmon poke salads (yay! raw fish yum!)- Sausage (hard to mess up)- Stuffing (I loooove stuffing but it was a bit dry)- Sushi - was okay, but if they're gonna serve sushi and call it fancy, they're going to have to get a properly trained sushi chef. The rolls were fine, but the nigiri looked like it had been assembled by a toddler. Okay I'm exaggerating, but you get my point.Food I found bleh:- Christmas goose (super dry)- Snow and king crab legs (wayyyyy over salted and cooked to the point of toughness)- The flan was gross. I couldn't get myself to eat more than 1 bite, and flan is usually my absolute favorite dessert.My favorites:- Roasted veggies (mmmm)- The premade salads were all delish- Smoked salmon (but isnt' it the same everywhere?)- Shrimp cocktail (the shrimp here are HUGE and cooked to the point where they are nice and juicy, but not chewy!)- Desserts were pretty good--and gorgeously plated. They had cheesecakes, various mini cakes and cupcakes, soft serve, chocolate covered strawberries, fruit tarts, and giant MACARONS! The chocolate macaron I managed to snag made me really happy (these things are hard to get!) but they ran out on my second trip, so :(.Maybe because it was Christmas dinner, things were not up to the normal standard, but shouldn't it be better?Costs more during holidays (aka week of Christmas to New Years)
2	1) Totally overpriced for the Holidays. I am not even sure why people wait for 2 hours in line.Maybe they want to go back home and inform all their facebook friends about the Bellagio experience. No exceptions for hotel guest,even if its your birthday or that very special day in your life. But Gamblers get front of the line card!!!.   2) Not a good variety for Vegetarians and vegans. They really don't care.With So many Indians walking around the hotel lobby and also in the queue,I am not sure why they choose to ignore Indian Food and not have any indian specialities. Indian restaurants are everywhere now,NYC, SFO  or Hollywood or even on Vegas strip.Chicken Tikka Masala is a  favorite for  millions of people,But Bellagio choose NOT to offer any Indian Dishes in their GRAND BUFFET.( 1/6 population of this world is Indian and millions more enjoy the dishes worldwide )If you are a Veggie, Please avoid this over rated Buffet and use your money wisely elsewhere.The family next to us walked out after waiting for over an hour as their daughter went in to see what was available and didnot like the offering. And this is a real story.
4	Very expensive at $50 per person but good food and good service. There can be a long wait so if you are in a rush, the buffet may not be the best spot. Food: 4Service (including wait): 3Total: 3.5 rounds up
5	I was in Las Vegas for the first time and of course, wanted to try out a buffet! I couldn't have made a better choice. The buffet at the Bellagio was perfect! I went during the later end of the lunch period (to get a slightly cheaper price) and didn't need to eat anything else until much later that evening. The buffet has everything you could ever crave! They had a variety of pizzas, sliders, pastas, soups, turkey, sushi, oriental food, mexican food, not to mention their desserts. There is truly something for everyone. The restaurant is very clean and the wait staff was really good about refilling drinks, bringing coffee, and clearing plates when necessary. I will definitely return next time I am in Vegas!
2	Not worth the money... Pre cut prime rib ?
3	First of all our waitress from Odessa, Texas was on point... great service that's why I gave it 3 starsOverall food was just okay.. Maybe I expected more from the Bellagio I guess.Crab legs were mushy and parts were frozen..Sausage didn't have that zesty spicy tang.. kind of bland for sausagedesserts were so so.... nothing to talk aboutClam Chowder was tasty though...Pizza was okay not great but better then most buffetsEggs typical...BACON was Goood!!! Did I mention that the BACON was GOOD!!! LOL...If it wasn't for the bacon and the service this place was def in the ranking for a 2 star...I went during there Xmas Brunch special aka 7am-3pm...on 12/28...Wasn't a Huge fan...My groupl also wasnt really impressed...Even my nephew 8 year old who has a sweet tooth wasnt too pleased with the deserts.... But he did love the French toast with hazelnut and bananas...
2	Really underwhelmed by the quality of food. The spread is huge but there are hardly any items worth remembering. People were going for the snow crabs, but not being a raw seafood lover, I didn't like the rest of the offering. I don't think I will go there again.Now that I think of it, the last time I went there, the only things I liked were the salads, dessert and the buttered corn. This time there was no corn, desserts were mediocre. The only good thing remaining is the mixed salad. Definitely not paying $40 for that!
2	Not worth the price ( $75 pp + tax ).  The selection of food was vast, but the quality of food was poor and full of MSG. The best part was the desserts, the only reason I'm giving it 2 stars and not 1.
4	We came here at around 11 am for lunch - no line to get in but the selection is more limited since they still have breakfast items and don't open the sushi and spring roll bar until noon.  They also bumped up the price since it was considered a holiday week - I think it was $38/pp or something.  The seafood is always wonderful here, especially the king crab legs.  It's served real cold with chunks of ice, but you can ask the folks at the grill to steam the dish for you.  They do replenish these frequently, so don't worry if you don't see any after the first round.  Just don't settle for the snow crab legs -- they are smaller in size, have less meat, and are actually much saltier.  The shrimp cocktail is wonderful too - some pretty large-sized shrimp here, as are the smoked trout and pickled herring.Prime rib was just OK - juicy and flavorful but probably a tad inferior to Wicked Spoon.The other item that really stands out is the pecan pie dessert - it has a hard crust bit the filling is surprisingly balanced and not overwhelmingly sweet.We finished at around 12:30 to 1PM I think and there was a huge line waiting to get in.  I'll be curious what Bellagio changes out from their Breakfast selections for the lunch crowd - but at the time we opted to get seated earlier.
1	I was starving for almost 16hrs and then had to wait for 2hrs in the line for the buffet lunch. By the time we got to counter, it was 5min past 3pm and then they charged ~50$ for dinner instead of 36$ for lunch.  And then  when i went inside to eat, found that there was not much options for vegetarians.  My advice is , if you are a vegetarian dont go here.
2	We went out to Vegas for the holidays -we planned on going since lots of people we know were saying a must stop.3 hour wait Food was decent nothing special crab legs were frozen still have ice on themsushi was not good dry and fishy tasting prime rib was good - a bit bloody/ under cooked Here is the kicker for me - I was charged 3 times for the same visit now yes the one payment went thru and the other 2 are pending but it's holding up my funds- I wouldnt go back - OVER Rated in my opinion.
3	Came here for lunch and skipped the line with passes (highly recommended as otherwise you'd probably have to wait 1-2 hrs). However, once we entered, we immediately noticed maybe 30% of the tables were just empty despite the long line... not sure if it's bad management or they just don't want too many people in there at once. There was a large variety of food but most of it was quite average, though nothing tasted bad.The shrimp cocktail was very good -- big and fresh shrimp. They also have an omelette station which is perfect for brunch. Some of the desserts are pretty delicious and I heard the tuna hand roll was good as well. The waitress was also very attentive and frequently refilled our drinks (orange juice, coffee, etc.). Overall I would say it's worth it for the $26 we paid, as you would probably pay that anyways at a mediocre strip restaurant and not get the same amount of choice + unlimited beverages and dessert.
3	Good food, but overpriced  The wait is long during peak hours, but that is to be expected for most buffets in Vegas.  If the price was half the price, then I'd give the buffet at Bellagio 4 stars.  Unfortunately, the quality of the food does not justify the price of the buffet.Bottom line, your money would be better spent elsewhere for the same quality of food at a lower price.  You can gamble your savings away at the slot machines and maybe win a jackpot instead.
1	We went to Vegas over Thanksgiving weekend. I really wanted to have a nice Vegas buffet and since I hadn't eaten there before, decided to check out the buffet at the Bellagio. The line was a bit ridiculous but we dealt with it. It gave our toddler an opportunity to take a nice long nap. We probably should have just gone somewhere else.We hit the sweet spot right before lunch ended and right before dinner started. Lunch prices for dinner food. We had to pay holiday prices, though, which sucked. The service there was horrible. We were given our initial drinks, then never asked if we wanted more. We, literally, had piles of plates on our table before they were cleared and not even midway through our meal, our waiter told us he was getting off of work and he wanted to give us our drink bill then (because we might not want more???).The food was OK at best. Fortunately, we were smart and stuck with the pricier options so we wouldn't feel too ripped off but I still wasn't impressed. The crab legs and shrimp both tasted fishy and the crab legs had ice crystals in the meat, the first prime rib roast they had out was massively overcooked and dry (even the center cuts), the second was done nicely, but they cut the most ridiculously thin slices. Sushi, lamb, squab, etc. was all just average. The pastas reminded me of the pastas at the hot buffet at Souplantation.The average food and even the awful service probably would have all been forgivable if it wasn't for the other patrons. You'd think these people had never eaten before and never learned manners in their lives! People were literally shoving each other out of the way and cutting in lines for their chance at a slice of meat. There was a line for the squab and one woman not only pushed her way to the front, but proceeded to pile her plate with over a dozen of those little birds.Overpriced, overrated, miserable experience.
4	The buffet at Bellagio was the best buffet I believe I have EVER had. I'd truly rate my experience a 4.5.We arrived during prime lunch hours and were told that the wait was two hours, but for an additional $15/person you (yes, YOU!) may skip the line. That is where they get you. We spent $75 on lunch for two.That being said, we were on vacation and the food (while perhaps not worry worth $35pp!) was a plenty and oh.SO good! There was your typical salad bar, plus an abundance of other cold salads, cheeses and deli meats to try. They had tons of gourmet sliders available as well as carving stations of prime rib, flank steak (my fave!) and turkey.There were a lot of Asian inspired treats, such as sushi (just Cali roll and veggie, but very fresh), spring rolls, soups, lo meins and rice. There were also three or four flatbreads to choose from and all were creative and looked quite impressive. There was also fresh shrimp cocktail and TONS of dessert. If ever you're in Las Vegas, treat yourself to this buffet!
3	This buffet seems to have gone down in the taste and quality.  There is a huge variety of choice like most buffets in Vegas. The Kobe beef was not tender. I have tried Kobe beef while in Kobe Japan. The lamb was tender and the king crab was really good. However there is usually a very long line. Go early or be prepared to stand in line for at least an hour.
1	Went there two times...totally disappointed. Super over price, food sucks especially the sushi, not many choices...totally dun worth $35 per person! Dun go here... go wicked spoon at cosmopolitan. Brunch only $22. Nice place, good food, many choices.
5	I go to Vegas about once a year and have been since the days of Comdex (remember that one, kiddies?), and The Buffet at the Bellagio is still the best in Vegas, fighting off challengers like Wynn and Cosmopoitan (Wicked Spoon). Here are the two main reasons why:1) For $38 for their weekend gourmet dinner, you get an immense selection of relatively high quality food. Go to a very ordinary non-buffet restaurant on The Strip and Vegas and $38 gets you a very mediocre steak and maybe an appetizer. At the Bellagio, you get an unlimited amount of relatively expensive foods like prime rib, Chilean sea bass, Kobe beef, sushi, Peking duck, etc.2) The selection is more plentiful and higher quality than at Wynn and The Wicked Spoon. Sure, if you like a smaller selection of lower quality food *but* in small, expensive containers that's made in France, go to The Wicked Spoon. That actually adds negative value for me as the superfluous containers takes up previous space on my plate!After all these years, the Buffet at the Bellagio is still the best.
3	From everything I've heard, The Buffet At Bellagio was the gold standard of buffets in Vegas, and all other buffets are trying to do what the Bellagio is doing. But from my experience the buffet at Bellagio is just OK.We were staying at the Bellagio and ended up eating the buffet there twice. Once for breakfast. I'd say it's actually better at breakfast. The price is cheaper and there's more than enough of everything you could possibly want. We went the following day around 2pm and it wasn't as good. They were sort of transitioning between brunch and dinner and it was just not that good. No seafood? No crab legs. Just meh. I guess you have to come for dinner to get the better spread.As far as the layout goes I was more impressed with the buffet at the Wynn and Caesar's palace. Check this one out for an early morning meal, but otherwise not worth going out of your way for.
2	The food is fairly good.  The servers and staff are generally rude and disinterested.  The setting is nice but the crowds are large and the buffet is stressful.
5	I read a lot of reviews about this buffet so on our last day I made sure to drop in as we were staying at the Bellagio.Oh. My. God. This place was awesome! Not only did it have the widest choice of options I have ever seen at a buffet, the quality and presentation was like a top restaurant!Highly recommend going here if you're after a good feed. Plenty of healthy choices as well but I must admit I gave in to quite a few of those tasty pastries... :)
5	Just Do it! I have never seen so many QUALITY options at buffet in my life. The sushi in particular was melt in your mouth amazing. 2 kinds of poke! I'm not a big desert person, but save room! The pastries looked too good to be true. Its not cheap by any means, but its on par with what you would spend at any decent establishment in Vegas.ProsHigh quality ingredientsVarietyPresentation/ExecutionConsI felt like I needed a wheelchair when I was done!
4	i think the bellagio buffet is my most favorite. great selection, yummy and clean. great service too. the pesto mashed potatoes were WOW! the prime rib was MMMMMmmm. and the smoked salmon was AMAZE. =)
4	Oh Bellagio Buffet, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways. The Bellagio Buffet has been a staple for every trip my famiy has taken to Las Vegas. It simply does not disappoint. The ingredients are of the best quality and everything tastes brilliant. During holidays the wait time can be incredibly long - one to even three hours wait! But is it worth it? Absolutely! I was here for a holiday dinner last December and the buffet had a salad and sushi station with made to order salads and fresh sushi. Carving stations include turkey, beef wellington, prime rib, kobe beef and lamb. All of the meats were well seasoned, juicy, tender and melt in your mouth good. The pizza was AMAZING - I've tried my fair share of buffet pizza and their's definitely does not scrimp on quality or taste. There is also a variety of Asian and Italian dishes, soups, and sides galore. And then there's dessert - oh dessert - so YUM. I tried a little bit of everything and definitely enjoyed the bread pudding, bananas foster and the nutella cones. Come, take your time, eat, savor, leave full and happy.
3	At almost $50 a buffet, I'd have expected a much better selection. The pastas, chinese and salads were okay. The sushi was not bad. The 30 desserts were enticing but didn't deliver. As a vegetarian, not sure I saw the money's worth or the stomach satisfaction..
5	The buffets in Vegas are greatly over rated and have started to get pricey to the point that a fine dining meal is often a better choice.  The Bellagio Buffet is probably the most consistently excellent food for buffet style dining.  They have an excellent selection of high quality ingredients that few places can match.  The flavor and cooking isn't always where it should be but that is the trade off challenge with buffet dining.  The biggest negative is that the legend of this place precedes it so there are often long lines to enter this gastronomic experience.  I would certainly recommend you experience dinner here at least once in your life and you might make a habit of it on your subsequent Vegas visits.
3	This last time I was in Vegas, we wanted to take a co-worker who had never been to Vegas to a traditional buffet.  We were debating between a few and since The Buffet at Bellagio was a classic, we decided to go there.It's not exactly how I remembered it to be, but it's definitely still a good buffet.  Lots of selection of every type of food.  I was actually surprised that there were 3 carving stations! You'll be sure to get your fix of salads, charcuterie, sushi, sashimi, meats, seafoods, Asian food, Italian and plenty of desserts.   Surprisingly, their coffee was really good!All in all, nothing WOW'd me, and for $38, I'm not sure if I'd likely go back...but if you're looking for a traditional Vegas buffet to go to, this is still probably towards the top of my list.
4	Every time I go to Vegas someone wants to go to a buffet including me. My friend took me here 7 years ago and we have continued to here go every single year. This place is so good, I was asking him we gotta go!  The big draw is the Alaskan King Crab Legs. Wow! They was an empty bowl when we arrived the last time, but guess who was waiting at the number 1 spot?  Yeah!  The crab meat was huge like I last remembered.  Hot butter?  Bib?  They have a huge variety of food types, like:  Italian, Japanese, Chinese, seafood and American cuisines.  We always have a little of everything and it is delicious.  I've never had sushi at a buffet, is it safe here?  Anyone?  My friend said yes!  Shhhhhh. I never tried it.  I only get sushi at my favorite Japanese places.  Here are some tips:1) For dinner, go early meaning before 6pm or expect a long line.  There has always been a line when we have gone. If the line zig-zags to the the casino - that's 1 hour. In January, they had a $15 VIP service which would allow us to cut to the front.  We had a show and we had a lot a food to eat so we decided it was worth it.  That trimmed 60+ minutes for us.  2) Don't over eat, save room for dessert.I've gone to a lot of Vegas buffets but this is my current favorite.
2	WAY DISAPPOINTED!This used to be one of the best Buffets on the strip. Pricey yes, but good.As of 2013, same price but this is what you should expect for your quality dinner:- Taco Station- Pizza Station- Chinese Food Station- Soggy Salad Bar- Kobe Beef that you cannot chew nor cut- Mediocre dry desserts- Fruit (whole), tiny - 1in pears, 2in applesIt wasn't all bad.- Limited Sushi Great- Roasted Bone Marrow, Yum- Prime Rib, good as ever- Lamb Chops, fav of the night!All in all, I feel although some foods were great, the fact that there were "fast food" stations (which did not taste good) was a major turn off. Even the old "sliders" they had would have been better. Those were delicious.
3	I was disappointed. Who said this is the best buffet in Vagas? It's so wrong. First time here, had quite high expectation, cuz it seems a lot of people said it's the best. The buffet has quite a lot of options, but the food taste just ok. Some are bland and some are over salted. The only thing I like about is the king crab/snow crab, it has been cut in half, so it was easy to eat, but I've heard most of the buffet also cut the king crab leg in half for customers, so that makes it not so special anymore. Maybe I should have gone there for dinner instead of brunch/lunch, because almost half of their stations are serving the same breakfast items. The service was good.
4	4 stars because i was super starving! Actually it was very good. We got there around 5pm. No line. Great food. I had prime rib, 2 slice of kobe steak! Delicious. Melt in my mouth. The red potato was cook to perfection. I know vegas has many buffets but this one is on top of my list. Me and the gf had no complain. She devour the sushi and said the best dessert ever! I was too stuff to fit any dessert. We left about hour later and there was a line wrap til the front entrance. So left and gamble n lost some money! So in reality that was a expensive buffet for us. Haha. No really the bill was $65 or something.
2	What a let down. Bellagio buffet, SuperBowl Weekend, I thought they'd come with their best. They didn't! $80 something for me and my wife on Friday at 4pm. We heard about the long lines so we went early. Instead no line and went right in for the crab. I've had better crab at the Reno buffets... Oh slam! Crab was salty and not worth the price. Best part wasn't the prime rib or kobe beef or pasta for me it was the Taco station and that pretty much sums it up.All hail Caesar cause that was a far better Buffet last time I went. Chocolate strawberries were the best part of the dessert selection but come on you can get those mailed to you and they're still good.You've been warned save your money. 2 stars, only cause the food was edible but wasn't even close to Caesar's.
2	Having been here about 10 years ago I remembered how wonderful it was so I had high hopes for our return visit.  This time however I am gluten free so the waitress went and got the chef and he literally walked me around the buffet and explained what I could eat and what I should avoid.  THAT was the best part of the buffet and I am VERY grateful for that.  The food was a letdown.  I've had better buffets at home for less than half the cost.  We went on Super Bowl Sunday and the game had just started so the dining room wasn't busy at all, which was great.  We did enjoy some of the food but overall, we both felt it was just a generic buffet.  I certainly didn't think it was worth the cost and we wouldn't go back.
5	This review is for the weekend champagne brunch.  I've been to most of the buffets in Vegas, and Bellagio is definitely one of the pricier ones, but also the best. It's also one of the only buffets to have their champagne brunch on Saturday as well as Sunday.First and foremost - they are not stingy with the champagne here, so if you're coming with a big group and you get here early, you DEFINITELY get your money's worth.Second, the food is pretty much classic buffet food (if you're looking for fine cuisine, don't look in the buffet), but the overall quality and selection of the food is better than most other Vegas buffets.  Their prime rib station is key (and actually good), the desert station is great, and the salad section is well stocked and fresh.  Overall, if you're looking for a champagne brunch buffet where you can spend some time, eat your heart out, and drink like a champion, Bellagio is the place for you.
4	Great! Staff at the bar is super friendly. Went for lunch and there were LOTS of options. I love different kinds of cuisine was organized and the food just kept on coming! It was also GOOD. So that's always nice :)
3	Once the king of buffets in Vegas Bellagio is still a solid contender.  I have eaten here several times for the seafood buffet and always enjoyed it. The food quality is good and the selections are good as well. This buffet wont blow you away, but if you have some comps to use at Bellagio this wouldnt be a bad choice to use them.
3	Went here on my first night at the Bellagio while in Vegas.First off I got sick off the food, so strike 1. Think it was the shrimp or the kobe prime rib.The buffet is expensive for average food. Yes they have everything under the sun, but there are better buffets in Vegas. Try the Cosmo for breakfast, it was amazing!Back to the food, it's your average fair of food with Kobe Prime Rib and crab legs, but you can get this stuff anywhere.You will have to wait in line, lucky we got in the middle line that let us bypass everyone else even though we weren't gold members.It was OK, wasn't very impressed with The Buffet at all compared to the rest of the hotel and it's high standards.
5	We came here for the Champagne Brunch early on a Saturday morning.  Early being around 8:30 AM.  In Vegas time I think this might count as early anyway.  When we arrived, there was absolutely no line and plenty of places to sit.  I was quite impressed with everything I ate and was sufficiently stuffed for the whole day.  There was plenty to choose from: prime rib, omelets, crab legs, shrimp, baked goods and much, much more.  The mimosas kept flowing.  No matter how low that glass got, our server was right there to fill it up.  And when we just couldn't finish another glass, she told us we could take it to go.  Awesome... only in Las Vegas do I find it okay to have a buzz at 10 in the morning. Compared to our meal at the Bachannal at Ceaser's, this came out on top for quality and price.  All in all a good meal and another nod to the Travel Channel for leading me here.
2	If I'm going to pay $38+ for a buffet, I am expecting to have the best buffet experience of my life. Maybe I was expecting too much because this place was a massive letdown.The spread was impressive in that there was a LOT of food available. The problem we found, is that nothing was that great. Nothing I tried was really bad either, it just wasn't worth filling up on when there were other options. We kept trying things, then moving on hoping to find something better but we never actually got satisfied. Specifically, the sushi rolls were below-average and the roast beef was just kinda 'meh". I was also surprised at how disappointing the Prime Rib was after reading about it online. Like everything else, not bad just not great.Dessert on the other hand was another story. There's a nice assortment of desserts, so we spent the calories saved on our disappointing dinner on sweets.If this buffet wasn't $40 I probably wouldn't be ripping it this much. However, If I'm gonna spend a lot of money and a lot of calories, it better be worth every bite. This was basically a glorified Old Country Buffet to us.FYI we were here for Dinner--perhaps brunch would have been better.
3	Clean and good selection of food. I'm not a buffet fan, but having the stations manned make me feel like someone is watching out. The food was good.
1	Yuck!! I can only speak about the breakfast buffet but for $20 plus tip you would think the quality of the food would be a little better. In good Vegas fashion its all flash and no substance. Sure they have all kinds of food,,Chinese, pizza etc (for breakfast) but the quality of the ingredients is low low end. Bruised fruit, rancid tasting hollandaise, smoked salmon that smelled like old socks and watery coffee. Even the lighting is depressing like they only had money left over for some cheapo neon tubes. I guess if I had been drinking and gambling all night I might have enjoyed this before going to my room to sleep it off. My advice, unless drunk skip this place.
5	LOL you know I read some reviews from time to time and it amazes me how some people have the highest expectation on things like buffets. Hey you want 5 star food go to a 5 star restaurant. If you are expecting it from a buffet then your not very smart when it comes to eating out.  And if your expectation was judge solely on what you saw on the travel channels best places to eat then maybe you should of done a little research on your own before running in full throttle. With that said this buffet is way above average. Much better then most buffet places I have been to throughout the U.S. The quality is pretty good and the choices are just as good. When going to any buffet expect the worst then be surprised when you prove yourself wrong. Good eats IMO as for as buffet go.
4	Champagne brunch at the Bellagio on Sundays = pretty fantastic! Don't plan on doing anything afterwards because with the amount of mimosas you'll have consumed (they keep them coming) you'll need a nap after this brunch. I've been 3 times now and the food is always excellent. They have breakfast and lunch foods, and the food is nicely varied. The dessert bar could give anyone a sweet tooth (or diabetes) and the salad bar look super fresh. Do yourself a favor and go just once to say you've gone.
2	Had dinner here and nothing really special compared to Louisiana buffets.  King crab and snow crab are on the menu but they are served cold and almost frozen.  Louisiana casino buffets actually steam their crabs which I believe taste better.  Everything else on the buffet was just nasty or below standards in taste.  If it wasn't for the crabs, I'd give this place a 1 star.Seems like all Vegas buffets suffer from the same disease, they are large in square footage but small in selections and high in price.  They are built for flash.
3	Totally not worth the wait! Took my family here last night for dinner and we all very disappointed. After 1h wait in line, we are all starving so our satisfaction expectation are very low already. However, everything is wrong from Kobe beef to King crab legs. The crab legs are all frozen and tasteless even after boiled up upon oir request. The Kobe beef tastes mediocre just like any kind of beef u can get at Vons. Even the sitting area is just plain and boring looking like other 3 star buffet such as ones at Paris or Ceasar Palace. Save your money and Time guys, check out Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo. 10x time better!
5	best buffet in the city. going to warn you all right now. its a little pricey but its worth it. the food here is nothing short of five star..go monday-thursday. i usually try to stay away during the weekends cause of the high amounts of LA people.
4	30 bucks for dinner on a Monday evening. Tons of food, over the top! They have a little bit of everything. My highlights were: the meat carving area, (mmm prime rib was delicious!) the pre mixed salads were tasty and fresh, (citrusy chicken orange and nut salad!) lots of dessert selection (i had creme brule and yuumy meringue) and you MUST try the pesto mashed potatoes. I think that was one of my favorite things there!!Lowlights: the sushi had kind of a dry flilm on top like it had been sitting out way too long and not much selection. Also I would like them to offer crab legs in more than one spot, there was a 5-7 person line at all times for the 1 single tray of crab legs.
4	Love the variety....watch out for the Asians taking all the crab (my parents being 2 of them).Everything was good. Loved the caviar station and all the pretty yummy desserts.I don't know when they started this but now they have an all you can drink option. $8 for beer or wine. My only CON: I had to pay full price for my 6 year old. $38.99 for him to eat 2 slices of pizza and have some soft serve.
3	Vegas is known for amazing shows, food and just general excess. I (loving all of these things) ventured out west for Valentine's Day. What better way to spend time with the one you love than wandering the strip with a colossal drink in your hand? We woke up early Saturday and ventured over to the Bellagio to enjoy their legendary breakfast. I have never been to a restaurant where the entrance looks like the entrance to the Incredible Hulk ride in Orlando. Winding around several velvet ropes till you reach the pay counter and receive your buffet ticket. There were 6 of us total, and the process was actually very smooth. We were seated quickly with a smile. We then wandered the absolutely endless amount of food options in the buffet line. I mean it was 10:00am, but they had everything from scrambled eggs to sushi. The only thing that was missing was any sweet breakfast item (who doesn't have pancakes or waffles?) All in all, the food was above "meh". I can't say that I was blown away, but I wasn't horrified either. I was not expecting it to be that good given that it was a buffet situation, but overall - it was pretty... average. Would I go back to this restaurant? Probably not. I have heard that the Wicked Spoon is much better. But then again - is one buffet really that much better than another? Isn't that the eternal question?
2	My girlfriend and I went for dinner late tonight--around 8:45 pm. Paid for weekday dinner (about $32). I was really excited to come here...online reviews spoke highly of the food. But to be honest, I wasn't really impressed. I've been to better Vegas buffets. The food was just average, nothing to write home about (except the bread pudding...I wish I had room to eat the whole dish LOL). The biggest turnoff...the food didn't sit well with either of us. Both of us had stomachaches (and not from eating too much) and were running to the restroom when we got back to our hotel room. Best bet: steer clear of this buffet and try another. Mediocre food and upset stomach.
2	As with most of the Vegas restaurants these days, it's all about quantity. Quality comes in third, behind volume and aesthetic.  The Bellagio has the prettiest mediocre food that I've ever eaten...but it's completely unsatisfying.  Our dinner mate who urged us to eat at the Bellagio thanks to a Travel Channel review was absolutely crestfallen when he took his first bite of the Kobe beef.  "I don't think they massaged this cow enough," he remarked after chewing the tough meat.  I agreed.  That set the tone for the buffet.As I was trying to decide on salad selections, the server at the station praised the Thai salad, and declared it her favorite.  I have no idea why it was considered Thai-there was almost no flavor, let alone spiciness that I usually associate with Thai food.  The king crab legs were served halved lengthwise and ice cold.  The drawn butter?  I doubt that was butter.  More like a golden hued oil.  Yuck.  Turkey?  Dry.  Everything I ate was completely lacking in flavor.  Seriously, had I been blindfolded, I could not have identified a single item.  The service was great for a buffet.  We had the unlimited champagne/Bellini/mimosa which was a great deal at $8 per person, but cheap/free booze isn't hard to find in Vegas.  I'm not a buffet person anyway, but this just cemented it for me.  Off the menu, from now on.
2	Overpriced and overrated buffet! The sushi section is 10x  worst than Todai which isn't that good to begin with. The only thing worth eating is the sea bass. The lamb chop has no taste and the pasta is like hospital food. I have been to this buffet many times and the quality is getting worse.
3	I've grazed buffets from Mandalay Bay to Fremont Street and Bellagio's offering is a good middle-of-the-road choice.For best results, choose Bellagio for dinner, when Snow and King Crab legs steal the show...already cut in half lengthwise so their luscious meat is easy to enjoy.One unique "feature" that makes Bellagio stand out is that they allow seating at their bar area. For $8, they'll serve you all of the selected adult beverages you'd like. And, since you're sitting at the bar, the service is quick!Bellagio's sometimes creative takes on dishes can miss the mark. Pesto mashed potatoes may look good on paper, but I recommend passing. Sushi seemed a little meh. And some offerings sit in their dishes longer than they should.On the other hand, Bellagio's carving station often features an exceptionally flavorful flank steak that I prefer over the standard prime rib.
4	Great variety and very good quality for a buffet - especially the dessert bar!  The service was very good, epecially considering we had a large party.
3	Wide selection. Food was good. Prime rib was very tasty. Deserts very good. Servers/staff were rude and clearly miserable.
5	1 word best describes this buffet: decadent. The amount of variety in the foods they offered was crazy!!! Tables and stations full of lots of different items: seafood, steak, turkey, sides, sushi, veggies, and of course, desserts. Some items were cheap throwaways for people to fill up on, just like all buffets, but the big ticket items were ON POINT! I was extremely satisfied by 5 or 6 items there. I filled up on king crab legs, prime rib with au jus, mashed potatoes with gravy, tuna hand rolls, mini belgian waffles, and fresh fruits. The desserts were all beautifully displayed. The only disappointment was the bread pudding, which looked and ultimately tasted disgusting. They have sauces on the side like creme anglais or chocolate and caramel sauces, which we used sparingly to try and save the bread pudding, but it made it so much worse! My favorites were the tiramisu, black and white chocolate "bomb," and the mini pecan pie with a chocolate surprise in the middle! (the crust on that was to die for!!!)This place was definitely worth the value, and DEFINITELY worth the wait. The line for brunch loked intimidating, extending out the door and around the corner into the casino, but it went by fast, maybe 15 minutes. The server we had was great. Sodas are included in the buffet price, but alcoholic drinks are unlimited for $8. I had a "virgin" bloody mary and it was spicy but delish.I loved it!
3	This place has it all. You had handmade tacos, Italian, sushi and seafood. The deserts looked amazing but after the full court calorie press I initiated at the buffet I had no room to try them. In my youth I heard tales of a mythical Viking creation that used light reflected through a prism then bounced off a piece of Rock from Stonehenge to create a powerful crab laser capable of the meticulous cutting necessary to not damage the delicious and delicate sweet crab meet inside.  I'm sure you could imagine my elation when I found Alaskan King Crab legs perfectly sliced in half lengthwise on this buffet!!! I shouted "by Freyja's cat-drawn chariot!" at the sight, I loaded a plate and headed back to my seat to consume mass quantities. After I had thrashed my legs I headed back to the buffet for more but to much to my disliking they had been vanquished, so I just got some pizza instead.I couldn't get anyone at the buffet to confirm the existence of the viking crab laser and when I asked our server who's name was Catfish, she acted like I was the one named catfish.Check it out.
4	This is one of the popular buffets in Vegas, one of the more expensive one too, yet I find myself here almost every time I am in town.If you got a food indecisive group with you, buffet is usually an ideal choice, since everybody can find something they can eat here even vegetarians.  We went on gourmet night this last visit, it was about $44/person with tax.  Only difference is that they added specialty dishes from different cuisines like Beef Wellington, Lamb Chop, Venison, Prime Ribs, Pork Belly, Bulgogi, etc.  Now they were not gourmet level, but good enough for decent taste at buffet.The king crab legs are the standard food here, every table will have at least one person with a plate full of them inside.  Sushi was ok, cannot really compare with them a standalone sushi buffet.  The dessert station in the center was the highlight of the night, classy display filled with deliciousness.Adding onto the 1995 reviews for the Buffet at Bellagio, you will probably be full if you sampled one bite of every dish here.
4	I wasn't planning to eat here, but it was convenient because we were staying at the hotel and had a line pass. The seating area decor is just a step above Hometown Buffet and really nothing to write home about. We also waited a while before someone took our beverage order. But hey, it's a buffet, and OH THE FOOD!! The standouts for me were:- Prime rib: quality reminiscent of House of Prime Rib in SF (my fave!), and there's even Yorkshire pudding with creamed spinach if you want to recreate your HOPR plate :) - Alaskan king crab + snow crab: Humma and I stopped pacing ourselves here and heaped 2 full plates (regret came later). Pro-tip: Come at 3:15pm, pay the weekend brunch price of $28 pp, and enjoy dinner selection at 3:30pm for $10 less. Best of all, this 2.5 hr glutton-inducing ordeal kept us full for the rest of the night.
2	$40 per person. Lot of seats open but they make you wait in line for 45+minutes while seating VIPs. Selection is ok and some food are actually quiet good but everything is lukewarm at best.
1	This place was horrible. May be its better any other day, but my wife and I went there and damn it was bad. Almost everything we tried tasted like crap. My wife loves the crab legs, but there were so over salted that we just didn't even get to eat them at all. Everything was just bad, bad, bad. Paris so far as the best buffet there by far. Never doing buffets in Vegas again. LA has the best buffet. Hokkaido in Sherman Oaks for like half the price!
4	I thought this was an awesome buffet. We went for Easter weekend brunch at $35 a person and it was well worth it. Crab Legs, Prime Rib, Omelet station, Bacon cooked to perfection (my son got a plate full) Sushi, pizza, Ham, Fried Rice, Pesto mashed potatoes and so much more including their large selection of salads and desserts! I ate until I could not eat no more and my drink was never empty! I gave 4 stars due to the seating...I know they are busy but they still need space for people to walk through with plates in their hand some walk ways were too tight, I saw someone turn sideways to get through and if I was at the table I would have a butt in my face.. yeah not cool!
4	Great buffet. Definitely will come here agian. The only downside was the line. It was almost an hour wait to get in. They do offer a line pass but for $15 extra dollars per person its not worth it. I vote this number two buffet behind Caesars.
3	I was really hopeful about the buffet here. They do have a decent selection but what comes up short here is why pay a good lump sum per person for an average tasting breakfast buffet?The stuff I had was just the basics: honey baked ham, eggs, sausages, biscuit and gravy, cheeses, and pancakes. Nothing fancy here... JUST AVERAGE ,BASIC BREAKFAST but yet we pay lots of loot here when we didn't eat that much ( just the two plates for me ).The highlights here is are the champagne/mimosa dang! our server got us hooked! The coffee here was awesome! I'm not sure what kind it was but their house coffee was off the hook as well. Their drinks here got me full not the buffet itself.We were sitting next to a group of middle aged guys and it was Super Bowl weekend that day. It was funny that these guys were all jacked up for the weekend, it kinda reminds me of Al Bundy and his NO MA'AM cronies enjoying a weekend out away from their wives Lol.I recommend coming here if  you win extra cash in Bellagio's casino and if you feel that you don't want to go anywhere else. Overall average breakfast buffet during the morning but great servers.
4	I am so sad that my stomach decided to rebel against me on the day I was to eat at The Buffet @ the Bellagio. Because of my body's revolt, I was unable to eat as much as I wish I did. I managed to eat a few bites at a time, because my stomach was feeling queasy since the morning. At the time, I thought I'd give the place 3 stars, but now that I am more clear headed, i think the Bellagio is well worth 4 stars.If you come here during lunch time during the weekday, you can get in for $20.99 and stay till dinner! Are you kidding me? That's a freaking good deal! It's nothing phenomenal, but for $20.99 the food is pretty damn good! If you come during lunch, they even have some breakfast foods out. I had some eggs benedict, and it was pretty good!The pastas are also delicious and so are the meats. Had my stupid stomach been feeling better, I would have totally gone after some prime rib, crab legs, and all that deliciousness. They even have jus to put over your roast/meat, and it's delicious! They have a pretty good selection of food. It's not individually portioned out. One thing that bothered me was the soup station. the ladle was too damn long! It was so hard to ladle soup into my bowl. I burned myself. Shorten that ladle, dude. Seating for me took about 30-40 minutes, kind of what you would expect from a buffet. But I would say it was well worth it. To get the biggest bang for the buck, come during the weekday during lunch (like around 2:30) and stay til dinner. =) cheers!
1	RUN LIKE HELL!  Or you will get the runs like hell....I went for a brunch buffet on a Friday and boy was that the wrong choice!  Just by looking at the "food", one can lose their appetite.  That is, if they didn't lose their appetite on the way in by looking at all the Jaba-like creatures that inhabit this gourging room.Every bite I tried was obviously "food" that was from the dinner buffet from the previous night.  Never in my life, even all the times I played Russian Roulette with grocery store sushi, have I had an abomination as horrid as the California Roll at Bellagio.How one can make a California Roll so nasty, is a work of art in of itself.  California Rolls shouldn't have a hard outer shell.  Thank you Bellagio for the day and a half's worth of brown liquid that exploded from my butt hole.
2	My gf suggested we eat here because they have "better" food, which I suppose is implied by the higher price they charge for dinner. This is not the case. When you're in Vegas (or anywhere, really) you have to remember that a buffet is a buffet is a buffet. Sure, they've got Kobe (not really, we aren't in Japan) beef, lamb, sushi, Alaskan king crab legs, snow crab, flank steak, shrimp cocktail...... but it all tastes like buffet quality food, which is a better way of saying they're mostly terrible. Do you know how difficult it must be to coordinate a meal big enough to feed hundreds, if not thousands, or people? Do you possibly think quality can be a factor in cooking these meals?Where is the satisfaction in getting a thick slice of Kobe beef if it's so tough your knife can't get through it?Like king crab legs? Then you'll hate them here, since they're all machine-cut, partially frozen, and it tastes like they've been sitting in a salt water bath for a week. I wouldn't even mess with the sushi. I'm very, very picky about my fish, and whatever they were serving here looked one step above the grocery store. Even the desserts were mediocre. If you want to eat well in Vegas, go look up a decent restaurant and drop the $70 you'd spend here there. This last (and I do mean LAST) buffet visit proved once and for all that no matter what they're serving or charging, nothing beats paying for freshly made food. It isn't worth cramming sub-par servings down your gullet just to justify the cost of what you paid to get in here. Unless you have no discerning tastes, or you're just a big fatty who loves to binge eat (hey, no judgment here... do your thing) then this just isn't the place to waste money in Vegas.
3	I normally love this buffet but DON'T GO ON HOLIDAYS! It costs more but the food isn't as good as any regular weekend brunch. This has happened several times. I went Easter weekend and it was NOT all that, especially the prime rib. Overcooked and the server was rude. Same happened at Xmas. We went the Saturday before and it was excellent and then we went back on Xmas and it was horrible. The previous Xmas the same thing. Only good thing I noticed this time is that now you can pay the extra for the unlimited champagne any time, any day. Xmas 2011 I waited in line for 4 hours, past the 3:00 cut-off for champagne but just in time for the higher dinner price and lousy food. And no one said at the end of the line the expected wait time. Save this buffet for a regular day.
4	Worth it...too but I couldnt eat much due to a hangover :)
2	During my second trip to Vegas this past week, one of my first destinations was the Bellagio Buffet since I didn't have time to come here during my first trip (went to the Rio Village Seafood buffet instead).  I've heard great things about this buffet and even some felt that it was better than Rio, so I HAD to try it.  Long story short, its not all its cracked up to be in my opinion at least; in fact, I think its a bit overrated.My wife and I arrived here about 8:30 pm and there was still a line to get in.  The wait was extremely long and many times the line wouldn't even move for 5 minutes or more.  The process of checking customers in was extremely inefficient and slow.  After standing in line for over a half hour we were FINALLY seated.  The price with tax was close to $70 for both of us.After being seated were were greeted by a very helpful waiter who took our drink orders.  The table itself was nice, fitted with a nice white table cloth and our silverware was gold in color.  Overall the look of the restaurant was nice and much different from the buffets at the Luxor or Excalibur. However after getting food, I could not really tell any difference between the food here and at less expensive buffets such as Luxor; they tasted nearly exactly the same.  Also Bellagio served many of the same foods as Luxor and other than crab legs (which Luxor also had), and mussels, there wasn't really much in terms of seafood.  The California rolls were stale tasting and I could barely get them down.  The selection of the food was no where close to what was advertised on internet websites and I was a bit disappointed.  I am glad however that I decided to go to Rio instead of here on my first trip to Vegas last year.   This trip to Vegas was going to be an either/or between Bellagio and Rio, but after being disappointed with Bellagio, I decided to go BACK to Rio during my last night in Vegas.  Rio is more expensive than Bellagio, but the food is so much better and there is a greater variety.While the waiter service was superb, to me the food just didn't measure up to the asking price.  As a result, this will mark my first and only visit to the Bellagio Buffet.   If you don't mind not being in an upscale environment and not having gold eating utensils,  you can get the same type of food at other buffets and not have to spend as much.I still think the Rio Village seafood buffet is the best buffet I've been to in Vegas, and despite all the raves about Bellagio, I don't think it even comes close to Rio.
5	Without a doubt, one of the best buffets on the strip.  Their seafood selection is tops, with large shrimp to boot.  They also typically have a great selection of side dishes.  If you get there before 6pm you may even get lucky and miss the line!  It's ~$40 per person, but if you're into seafood you'll find that quite a bargain.
3	My visit to here confirmed that buffeting is a young man's sport!!  They have most of the usual option and do it well.  At $50 a head, you could also get a very good meal somewhere else and not feel sick afterwards.   Just saying....
5	LOOOOOVE it. I've been here twice now and this time we did NOT have to wait over two hours!! We must have got there right at the right time though because when we left, the line was loooooong. Everything was freakin' GOOD. My favorite of course were the King Crab legs! They are split open for you and just waaaaaaaaiting to be devoured! Tip: Take your cold crab legs to the taco station and ask them to steam them for you! And don't forget to TIP!!! NOM NOM NOM!
5	Tons.. and tons and tons of excellent food. Price is reasonable. Recommended! Get everything you want!
4	I went for lunch and it was enjoyable. It was very good for the money. No issues at all.
2	I sampled a number of dishes including shrimp cocktail, a spinach salad with goat cheese, skirt steak, Chinese broccoli, sweet potato mash, a bbq rib, and 3 desserts.  Everything was fresh looking, but each dish seemed to be aimed at not offending rather than titillating one's taste buds.A rating of 2.5 would be appropriate.
2	2 stars for good eggs and bacon. Except that I paid $30 for eggs and bacon. Semi rude employees that don't speak English. Quinoa salad and all other salads were either stale, dry or simply inedible. Everyone at the table spit out and left their salads untouched. Very few options. The chinese station only offered rice and shrimp dumplings that tasted old and dry and we could not eat more than a bite. The pizza was greasy and lacked any flavor. On par with any fast food pizza.  My friend said the sushi tasted like grocery store sushi (dry chewy rice, cheap seaweed, fishy and minimal fish). So at this point pretty much ALL the food was disgusting so we all decided to eat eggs and bacon at 1pm. They were very good. But I could have gotten good eggs and bacon at any other restaurant for $16. The desserts were bitter and dry. This place SUCKS
3	I sampled a number of dishes at the luncheon buffet including shrimp cocktail, a spinach salad with goat cheese, skirt steak, Chinese broccoli, sweet potato mash, a bbq rib, and 3 desserts.  Everything was fresh looking, but each dish seemed to be aimed more at not offending than titillating anyone's taste buds.
1	5 years ago, this buffet was probably among the best (if not the best) on the Strip. On my visit in 2010 it was mediocre, last year noticed quality has gone down but like a douche, my husband and I decided to give it one more try this year. BIG mistake.Variety is well, there really is no variety. Standard fare and actually, seems as though they have eliminated a lot of their previous offering(Couscous, lamb etc) Food has no taste whatsover, got a slice of Kobe beef, took two bites and chucked it. Had some chicken pasta, so bland, my 7 year old could make better pasta.  And we paid 35 a person for this???Only "saving grace" was dessert. They do a nice presentation of the desserts but I'm not there to just eat dessert. I could do that at Jean Philippe Patesserie. Never again. Never again. The Wynn and Aria buffets surpass.
1	Food was stale. It tasted bad. Not many options. Service was pathetic, 10 of us wanted to sit together and they did not join our table. Also, dinner is very pricey. I would never go here again.
5	ok..here's what y'all need to knowsushi section, ask the sushi chef to hand you one of those freshly made fresh tasting spicy tuna hand rolls...omg...i felt so embarassed since i went there for like...5 or 6 times asking for 10 at least...and my friend even went and asked for me a few times since i was getting embarassed...grilled lamb chop from the grill section...omg..those things just fly away the moment the grill master puts them out....who can blame them...i grab like at least 3 each time...within 30secs..they'll be all gone dessert section is mostly good...the wicket spoon did have a gelato section thoughserver was very professional and friendly...well worth the money and 1hour+ wait
4	A solid buffet to check out before leaving Vegas, over the years I have been to The Buffet at Bellagio a bunch of times and It's usually quite good. The price is reasonable, I've spend over 30 bucks for a burger and a few beers so the price is nothing to loose sleep over. I had a few of the staples which never disappoint including the king crab legs, rack of lamb, oysters rockefeller, and the delectable sweets. Probably the biggest two disappointments were the kobe beef and prime rib - but with the abundance of variety I still ended up having a wonderful meal.
3	As with my other buffet reviews, there is a disclaimer: I am not a buffet addict. All buffets taste the same to me. They have something amazing, something okay, and something bad. I'll save my 4 or 5 star review for when everything I eat at a buffet is amazing. Come here during near the middle/end of the brunch/lunch time, so that you can pay $20-$25 dollars, and then stay for dinner! They switch menus exactly at 3:30PM, also that is when the crab legs come out for dinner. However, beware! Many people also do this, so expect a long line, do plan your time accordingly and well so that you can be seated just in time for the end of lunch/start of dinner.Positives- Crab legs, for the lunch price :D- I love eggs, bacon, sausage! give me brunch anywhere any time.- Our waitress was super nice, and had a southern accent. She thought we were weird cause we were just sitting around, not eating at a buffet, waiting for 3:30 until the crab legs came out. Average/In the middle-  Creme brulee was pretty good. I've had better though. - Your standard steaks and filets you can find anywhere else.- I did like the one bite of pasta I took for my plate.Negatives- The rest of the food didn't really stand out to me.- Sushi was left out a while, so it didn't taste fresh. - Not enough saffron in the seafood paella.- Chocolate macaron was crunchy and it cracked...That's not supposed to happen for a macaron.- Apple cobbler was super sour.- Average selection of asian food.OverallCome here for the crab legs!
3	I have mixed feelings about this buffet, but I'll most likely try another place on my next trip to Vegas.The selection is much smaller than I expected, and quite honestly, it reminded me of a very upscale Hometown Buffet. Don't get me wrong: they have some gourmet items here, like a variety of meats and a nice offering of seafood, but nothing to get overly excited about. Except maybe the macarons.Surprisingly, this buffet's seafood selection was close to awesome. I usually avoid eating seafood when visiting landlocked states, but everything was great! Loved the miso-marinated bluefin - it was fork-tender, if a little undercooked. Their spinach salmon was tasty, as was their spicy tuna poke and crab legs. Their meats, however, made me a bit sad. I'm a wimp and prefer my steak medium...and if I'm feeling particularly savage, medium rare at best. Everything here was moo-rare: the prime rib, the kobe, the flank steak...Nothing says "yum" like a river of blood flooding the rest of your food! My asparagus, broccolini, and mushrooms were probably tasty, except I couldn't really discern any flavor other than blood. Nice.Moving along. Their desserts were all delicious and beautifully presented. Le macarons, creme brulee, sorbet, and chocolate dome cake were all fantastic. If this place were renamed "The Dessert Buffet At Bellagio", I'd give it a standing ovation worthy of Celine Dion. Alas, the hefty dinner price doesn't justify an awesome dessert assortment and "just okay" food.
2	read the reviews wanted to try it out. it was not worth the $40+ i pay for dinner.I went during the specials on friday. it was nothing special at all. only thing i like was the king crab legs. everything else was less than average.i pay less for buffets with more seafood selections and tasty deserts.it does have a lot of option but not worth to try. the staff on the other hand was great.
4	Two things: King crab and snow crab. Those alone cover the $40 fee per person. C'mon people stop complaining. King crab legs go for $12.99/lb and sometimes more at the grocery stores. That is including the shell. I am pretty sure I ate more than two pounds each of the King and snow crab meat. Then there's dessert. So many to choose from and I got dizzy trying to, so I went for my fave chocolate cake and pie. Both were good. At this time I was so over stuffed that I couldn't see nor think about food anymore.
4	Following up a Vegas club review @ Bellagio that I've been to twice and don't remember the first visit... a Vegas BUFFET that I've been to twice and don't remember the first time. Came here two weeks ago (April 2013) and once back in 2010. The first time... the server gave me some vodka laced drink that my friend John O. thought was spiked and 20 mins later I was pretty much out of it / didn't even eat.=========LOCATION=========It's in the Bellagio. Pretty big dining room, the actual buffet stations seem smaller than others (RIO / WYNN). However it's done pretty nice / elegantly. Main problem was in the mens bathroom there was ONLY one toilet. Really? At a buffet?? TIP: go to the bathroom JUST OUTSIDE the entrance... it's huge, 8 toilets cause, well... if you eat like me.....==============YAY, THE FOODS==============http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=h0ab-sdiexycfQL4AnHptg&userid=1pgT-Eeh-GIOlhOgHMMRZA~ FLANK STEAK - This was the best thing here. Juicy, tender, flavorful deliciousness. (5/5)~ BACON - It's awesome bacon, 'nuff said. (5/5)~ BEEF RAVIOLI w/MUSHROOM CREAM SAUCE - Absolutely delicious. The sauce, the ravioli... tasted strikingly similar to Stroganoff. (5/5)~ CHICKEN & SUNDRIED TOMATOES w/BASIL VINAIGRETTE -  It was heavenly. A nice medley of flavors. (5/5)~ TURKEY SLIDERS - More of a 4.5 but still really good. Make sure you add the lettuce, onions and condiments, but yeah the slice of turkey breast is delicious. (5/5)~ BEEF SLIDERS - They were pretty good. Not BACHANNAL level like @ Ceasars but really good nontheless. (4/5)~ SPARE RIBS - These were really good. Chef cuts them per request. (4/5)~ SMOKED TROUT - Tasted pretty good. It was very similar to LOX. Salty tastiness. (4/5)~ PESTO MASHED POTATOES - They were green pesto riddled mashed potatoes. Never hear / seen em before... ingenious idea. Tasty without butter or gravy. (4/5)~ SPICY TUNA HANDROLL - It was really good. Surprisingly so. (4/5)~ CA ROLL - Pretty solid. It's really a four but it's hard to rate ANY basic CA Roll that high. (3/5)~ CALAMARI & TOMATO SHALLOTS - Looked appealing... looks can deceive. Wasn't that great. (2/5)~ SHRIMP & PESTO PIZZA - This was horrible. Nothing and I mean NOTHING redeeming about it.-----------------DESSERTS-----------------~ CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES - They were okay. (3/5)~ WHITE CHIP MACADAMIA NUT COOKIES - Subpar. (2/5)~ FUDGE BROWNIE - Nothing special. (2/5)~ CHEESECAKE - Below average. Not that sweet. (2/5)~ NAPOLEON - It was horrible. Tasteless. (1/5)===============FINAL THOUGHTS===============So all in all it's a pretty good buffet. There were no crab legs for lunch... the desserts I sampled were terrible. However MOST of the food was above average and pretty good. Lunch selection was pretty small compared to BACHANNAL and WYNN buffets but it is what it is. A pretty good deal for $19.99.
4	The Bellagio is like an A-List rapper: everything it does it does big and the buffet is no exception. After visiting about 10 buffets in Vegas, I finally ponied up the money to visit the Bellagio.Despite a seemingly endless line, I waited for the best buffet sin city had to offer. I visited during the late breakfast hour and was pleased to find some lunch foods including salad which is my favorite and I'm not sure why. They also had some pad thai, breakfast tacos, eggs benedict, omelette stations (that's right, multiple omelettes) and more.Their breakfast meats were impressive. Seriously. They will make you blush. Not just the sausage either. Even the ham chunks were impressive. And the price wasn't bad either. I think it was $21 or so after tip.Bonus: $10 all you can drink after buying the buffet. But they prefer that you only stay for two hours. That's about $30 per person, but if you really want to get drunk this might be your place. After all, a bucket of beer is $25 even at the middle of the road hotels.
4	I should just cut and paste my review of the Wicked spoon buffet to this. Food wise, somewhat similar. People say this is the best buffet in Vegas, I beg to differ. To me, it's like any other newer, big budget casino buffet. Food is fresh, place was clean, it's what to expect from a restaurant of a high-end hotel.
4	The Bellagio buffet is one of my favorites on the strip....I can always find great foods as a vegetarian there.  It's one of the only buffets we've been to in Vegas where I'm not just eating odds and ends.....they have awesome tasting vegetarian foods.  Service was  bit flakey the last time....I think they were having a shift change as we started with one waitress and ended with another.  Will eat here again though!
5	The Bellagio is old.  There are newer casinos in Vegas which cost much more money and have impressive restaurant credentials.  And that means absolutely nothing.  This casino has stood the test of time and makes a solid commitment to old-school decor and sheer class.The  Bellagio Buffet shows its age in the best of ways: upscale menu items usually reserved for 5-star restaurants.  This place offers some of the best beef wellington and prime rib you can find.  Mouth-watering Alaskan King Crab legs, juicy Chilean sea bass, and more variety than you can sample in a single sitting.  Skip the dessert items.   Not because they're bad, just because you'll want to spend every ounce of space on the main courses.  The Bellagio Buffet is here to stay!
3	Not as good as 3 years ago.
3	Read the reviews. Basing on what we have read, we popped by and gave it a go.The food was decent. We were fond of the Salmon dish, and Shrimp cocktail. The salad bar was ok. The veggies, especially the leafy greens, looked a bit wilted at the time we dined (round 1130am). Sushi area could use a bit more authentication *hahaha* California Roll ... is that really sushi? ^_~Just like Jon G. stated... "$10 all you can drink after buying the buffet." However, there is a time limit on how long you can enjoy your cold one.Overall, this spot was just "OK." We did not appreciate the 1 hour and 35 minutes wait in line. But hey, once we were seated ... we took our sweet time savouring each dish!
4	Whenever we stay at Bellagio we succumb to the buffet.  Lately it has been the law of diminishing returns since we both eat less than we used to and the idea of overstuffing and trying to do anything Vegas isn't appealing as it was five year ago.  But the quality of this Buffett keeps us coming back usually for Brunch.  The prime rib is money, skip the "champagne" component as it's not "champagne" but pretty cheap sparkling wine, not worth the extra money; instead save room for another helping of the succulent shrimp, one of the well made deserts, or another helping of well prepared Pad Thai.
3	Not too impressed actually. I don't know if we got here too late but it seemed a bit dirty. There was a very good selection however but the food wast 'delicious' but I guess you can say it's pretty cheap.
3	I'm normally not a fan of buffets because of the mediocre food they have but after hearing that this place had good food, I had to check it out.  We decided to go on a non peak day (Thursday) and the wait time in line was about 15 minutes.  They have several different section to their buffet.  They have a pasta/salad section which had a nice assortment of cheeses, meats, and vegetables.  They had Caesar salad with Parmesan chips, they also had different soups.  The next station is a carving station with turkey, brisket, and flank steak.  They even had mini burger sliders.  The burger sliders were a bit undercooked by my standards but still safe to eat.  Could have used some seasonings.  They had a shrimp table, a Chinese/ Japanese section and a dessert section with about 20 different mini desserts.I have to say that out of all buffets, this one takes the mark.
1	My girlfriend and I came in around noon on Monday for lunch. I purchased one lunch pass and used a comp through myvegas card for the second pass. The cashier rang it up as two transactions. The first through the myvegas pass and the second on my credit card.Once seated, our server took our drink order and looked at my receipts. She then claimed that I had only paid for one person and needed to buy another pass. I pointed out that I used a comp for one person and paid using my credit card for the second, hence the reason why I received two receipts.  She then instructed us to stay seated until she got someone else to look at it.A few minutes later, our server brought who I assume was a supervisor that said the same thing. I repeated the same story and pointed out our cashier and told them to ask her. The supervisor then asked if she could see our comp ticket to prove my story. At this point, I was getting visibly frustrated since it could've been easily solved if they walked 30ft to ask the cashier. I told them my comp ticket was taken by the cashier but I had two receipts each showing a pass for each person.Eventually, they brought over the manager to the table. He asked what the problem was and the server told him that I only bought one pass. Before, I could get a word in, he told the server that he saw me use a comp and buy another pass for my girlfriend.  He then showed the waiter how on one receipt it showed comp and other where I paid.   Without apologizing, the waiter finally said we could get our food while she got us waters.  Later on, the supervisor came back and asked if we had bought another pass. Luckily, the manager was within earshot and told her everything was fine with our table.At that point, we had completely lost our appetites.  A small error made by the server could've been really resolved if she read our receipts properly or checked with the cashier. Instead, neither the waiter or supervisor did this and we were accused twice of only paying for one person.  Our dining service was fine after that. She attempted to overcompensate by asking us if our table was too wobbly or if she could bring us additional silverware.  Not much would've to made up the experience to us at that point.We didn't seem to be the only table to be having issues as another table a few rows over was accused of the same thing by a different waiter.  The same supervisor came over and told them that they had to vacate their seats. This table had already gotten their food and are forced to get up holding their plates and try to resolve the situation.  The entire group was visibly upset as a couple of them went back to their cashier to get her to resolve the problem. The same manager resolved the situation quickly but at this point their table was given to another party.  So a group of four people stood at the front of the buffet, each carrying a full plate of food, waited until another table opened up.How was the food? I don't know. You could've feed me gruel and I wouldn't have been able to tell a difference.  We left in less than half an hour and didn't even finish three plates between the two of us. I guess being accused multiple times of trying to cheat the buffet killed the mood and our appetites.
4	just ok~~~~~~~~~~
5	This is one of my top 3 favorite buffets on the strip. This is probably the buffet I go to most often besides the one inside M Resort. I love their crab legs, sea bass, and meats. Their desserts are pretty good too. I wish there was a better selection of sushi here but I can't complain as their other selections are great.
3	I read that Bellagio had one of the better buffets in Vegas so I decided to give it a try for lunch.  The line wasn't long at 11am so I decided to play a few slots and use the restroom.  When I returned 30 minutes later, the line was long and winding!  Ugh.I got a seat close to the buffet itself.  I was disappointed though.  I didn't see anything spectacular about this buffet and the price was a bit high.  It seemed like a regular Vegas buffet to me.  Plus the drink service was very slow.  I had already finished my first plate by the time my drink arrived.  Good luck trying to ask for refills.  Might as well bring in a bottle of water.  Although, I do admit that their dessert counter was one of the best ones I've seen.  I'd like to try it again but for dinner.  Perhaps their food is better then.Be sure to pick up a pear from the fruit basket.  I thought it was a decorative item but it was actually a real pear.  And it was the best pear I've ever had!  :)
5	oh my goodness...oh my goodness...oh my....amazing!nuff said.
2	Bellagio Buffet used to be the cream of the crop and I haven't eaten here in a number of years.  This past week, we went back and my perception of the buffet has been smashed. We went on a Tuesday for lunch and there was a pretty long wait which was a good sign.  We got to the front, paid the 22 dollars and got quickly seated.  Server promptly took our order and we were off to the races.The carver stations had st. louis ribs and flank steak which were both pretty good.  And those were the only two redeeming dishes at the buffet.  We tried the spicy tuna handroll and it was packed with red pepper flakes which didn't go over so well.  The selection was really lacking (in comparison to the new buffets on the block like Wicked Spoon and Caesar's).  For sushi, there was only the tuna handrolls, a veggie roll and a california roll.  The asian food section had 1 shu mai, some rice porridge, fried rice and chinese veggies.  The last time I was here, Bellagio was the best.  But that was in 2003 and I don't think they've upped their game since then while other places have gotten bigger, better and cleaner.  Sad to say, I don't think I'll come back here.  As the great poet Ice Cube once said, "You used to be the Don Juan, but now your name is just Toine".
4	I visited for breakfast and was really happy with the selection and quality.   Pancakes were cooked right on the grill in front of you, eggs Benedict, oatmeal bar, super tasty bacon, huge selection of bread and fresh fruit, breakfast pizza... You name it, they had it! At 18 bucks a person, this was a steal and kept us full until dinner. (Oatmeal and coffee had cost 20 bucks at Starbucks the day before, to put things in perspective). Unlimited juice and coffee! The service was a big cranky, but I noticed the two tables next to us didn't tip at all so maybe the waitress isn't used to being rewarded for doing a good job. Try the strawberry sauce... Mmm!!
3	OK this was the best buffet in Las Vegas when they first opened like many new buffets. For dinner it was like $32 a person. I was not impressed since the food lacked flavor and the quality of food has gone down a bit. The prime rib, raviolis and sea bass were the only dishes that I thought was decent. Their so called Kobe beef was disgusting, no marbling whats so ever. its like they bought a select roast and cooked it medium rare. The Turkey was okay. The sushi no way avoid. The tuna poki was not good. The dessert section was OK better a bacchanal. I remember the old days this buffet was unbelievably good. When Steve Wynn owned the casino it was the place to eat. I will not be going back.
3	We went on two different occasions. The dinner buffet was great!!! Did not wait too long.  But our seating was a disappointment. We were seated almost next to the main buffet room outside the iron rail next to the dinner plate table. Everyone walking past was glancing over to us to see what we are eating... kind of annoying.....The next time was for brunch. Didn't wait long. Seating great. Food on par with what a brunch should be....Good job on the brunch, A little bit pricey but as the old saying goes you get what you pay for....
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas! definitely my favorite buffet. There is everything here to eat. I usually go on the weekend for the champagne brunch but line is always very long. It was so long last time we had went that we jumped out of line and went somewhere else to satisfy our hunger. My recommendation is go early or go before you get hungry so that way when you finally get seated and reach the buffet you are will be ready to eat.
1	Hubby and I went here over Memorial Day weekend and had high expectations - andy why not, this was Bellagio of course!Where oh where to start...at first pass the carving stations all look wonderful, but alas upon tasting each one, nothing and I mean NOTHING stood out or even reached average...yes, they were all that bad.  Everything seemed to be just sitting way too long and meats were dried out...the Wellington was something we were looking forward to trying, but what the hell is that piece of liver in there for!?  Aaahhh.... to top it off, for the price you pay you would expect to have some steamed crab legs, especially on a holiday weekend - come on!  And why aren't your chefs doing their best in keeping that station filled!?  Legs were so skimpy and it gets irritating when there's only one set of tongs while 8 people are behind you just hawking at their chance to grab those tongs outta your hand.  Make a bigger crab section for god's sake and bring out more serving tongs!  The whole layout of their food sections is so compact that everywhere I turned, there was someone in the way...and please get rid of those stupid rope barriers between your meats and sides, they don't work.Our server was non-existent the entire dinner and our plates were being picked up by other servers who were passing by and noticed that we were eating with our dirty plates still at the side of our table...where the hell was our server?? Nowhere to be found or seen - and I'm serious.  We did not see him at all from a distance or walking around anywhere else....he just disappeared and the service for our table was just ignored.Trying to get the best of our money, still gave other items the benefit of the doubt and tried a little here and a little there....but nothing worked out.  And this fact was most evident later that evening and the following day when we both fell ill to what we devoured there.Never have I ever thought that I would be rating a 5-star resort buffet giving them only 1-star....too bad.  We will never be back here.
5	Oh how I love the food here everything is very good I come here every time I visit Vegas. I really enjoy the crab legs and mashed potatoes.
3	Took forever to get our drinks, at least 20 minutes after we had already eaten almost all of food from our first trip! (slooooow, un-attentive, kind service)We were seated wayyy in the back so it felt annoying and time consuming! Cream cheese wasn't anywhere near the bagels and took me forever to find, and they didn't have a toaster out to warm them up :( .... GOOD FRUIT SELECTION!  Food was good quality, but could have been hotter in temperature!
4	Let's be honest here, there's one big reason to go to this place. The Alaskan King Crab legs. Pre-split in half for you, plus the drawn butter, and you'll be in crab heaven. Big hint, if you plan to eat here, go for an early dinner and prepare for a 30 minute wait. if you go at 6 or after, plan to wait a long time for your dinner. It would be better to go here if you had a way to bypass the general admit line.If you're not looking to eat a lot of crab legs, you can skip it for a normal meal.4 stars for the crab legs and decent selection of food. There's even sushi/raw fish items.
3	I came here yesterday, unfortunately it was Father's day so it was pretty packed. I was certainly disappointed with the whole interior and layout of the buffet. There was no proper formal line, and it was so crowded and unorganized. Considering that Bellagio is a 5 diamond resort, I expected the decor and interior/layout to be more sophisticated and modern. Instead it was very old-fashioned, seemed like I was dining at one of the station casino's buffet. Other than the layout of the buffet, the quality of the food was not bad at all. There were lots of variety and the staff members kept the king crab/snow crab fresh. However the prime rib was horrible. The desserts were my favorite. (I have a crazy sweet tooth thats why.) I still think the Studio-B buffet at the M resort is the best for its price.
3	Buffets are either your best friends or your worst enemies. Everything from your craving to what goes on in the actual restaurant is probably a good time. Not so much afterwards. But enjoy it while it lasts. But don't let it last too long or you'll be punished in the gym for it.While I understand that the Bellagio is a world renown hotel and arguably the top resort on the Strip, I don't know if I can make the same call for this Buffet. For one, don't let the long lines deceive you into believing that you're going to be eating some luxury food. The decor resembles the buffet of a Station Casino.I would give the food 4/5 stars and that's actually pretty nice because I'm still hesitant about the quality of the food. They had the Beef Wellington, in which I have never seen from any other hotel buffet. While that is certainly a unique thing for this buffet, it tasted terrible. The seafood was average to above average. The crab legs were good but even when I asked them to steam em up, they were a bit rude to me AND did a very mediocre job in heating them up. Other than that, all your other foods are like your standard foods that you will find at your nearest resort buffet.Service was decent. Except all the cooks seemed so bitter, rude and old. Maybe it's explained by their age but I'm certainly in no position to blame their lack of customer service due to age. But being that this hotel is a part of the mega resort Bellagio, their customer service level standards should certainly be in the skies.I paid about 88 for two because it was a holiday which is typical on special occasions. But to be perfectly honest, I don't see myself coming back here for full price. Half off would do the trick though.
2	I echo Anthony's comments and think Bellagio has lost the food quality war to the Wynn Buffet and the new upstart Bacchanal.  Had dinner there 3 weeks ago and the food & service were no longer the same... for instance, the prime rib carver was rude and impatient, and gave me the 'whatevah' look when I requested "medium well".  But most disappointingly, all the crab legs (snow and Alaskan King) were VERY SALTY.  Even the desserts, although looking good, were subpar (unless you like warm cheesecake).The prime rib was the least bad... 3 stars.  Next time I'll bring my wallet & stomach to the Bacchanal.
1	I was really looking forward to this buffet only one we went to on our week long vacation I was disappointed all the things I heard were great   It was mediocre  31 dollars a person  if this is the best buffet in Vegas I won't be eating at any other buffets in Vegas  I hate to right a bad review
2	Well came here for a comped lunch buffet and can't really say there was anything special about the food. Had a pretty good variety but nothing overly tasty. One server actually quit when the guy in front of me tried to get another slice of steak. I wouldn't pay to eat here that's for sure.
4	Breakfast Buffet is good but I don't like American food.nice hotel and beautiful room .This hotel the best in my life.( my room 35059 ) 6/17/13
1	Food is wonderful!  But service isn't.  We requested a larger table since we had a party of 7. Nancy seated us to a table put together that consisted of a table of 4 and 2. That put 3 at each side and one at the end. We paid good money for dinner so we wanted to be at a comfortable table with room. When we asked to put another table for 2 onto our table Nancy said " we seat 7 here all the time and it fits". When we insisted,  she finally gave in with dirty looks, and I saw her mumble something as she walked away. Our server Miguel also seemed like he wasn't in a good mood, but at least he didn't argue with us.  I have been working in the restaurant industry for awhile and customer service has always been my number one priority. I'll visit Caesars Palace next time I'm in town
4	DELICIOUS!Although the prices are always outrageous, we always make a point to come here every time we're in town. The variety is always great, and there's always just that one ingredient that's out of the ordinary that you never would have tried in a different setting. I love that they offer bonne maman jams for the breads for breakfast, and bonne maman honey if you request tea. It's the details that count. The waiters and waitresses are always nice, and make an effort to keep your table as clear of plates as possible. They also try to refill your drinks even if it's still almost full! However, their servers (especially those that carve meat) aren't so nice.They always have a grumpy face going on. IDK why, but it makes me want to avoid those areas. Their creme brulee is yummy, and their tea presentation is just so cute. The variety of desserts isn't huge, but what's there is quality. Bellagio... keeping up their good name by keeping their buffet great.
4	Came here after the buffet at the Cosmo... probably a bad idea since the Cosmo one is mind blowing, but this one was still really good. The line wasn't too bad, took maybe a half hour to 45 mins to get in. We came here for lunch, a late lunch, our plan was to get in at the breakfast/brunch price and stay for dinner. It worked! We were there about an hour before dinner started. Luckily we ate slow and made room for some of the dinner dishes, like crab.
5	Yum. I want to go right now.I was on vacation here in February. I made a few dinner reservations, but left some nights open in case we saw something we wanted to try. One of those places turned out to be the Bellagio Buffet, thank god.The line was insanely long, but a server came out and asked if anyone minded sitting at the bar, they could take you immediately. I shot my hand up, and off we went, cutting everyone. You get the same exact experience at the bar, maybe even better. Your soda is filled up pronto! Who needs a server here, it's a buffet!The food was really good. I loved the beef selections, unique pizzas, pesto pasta, and dessert section. My boyfriend stuffed himself with fish that I can't spell. We loved this place so much, that we came back again 2 days later. We knew what we really liked, so it was less of a stuff our face event the second time around.For $32 per person, a huge selection of delicious food, and pleasant service, it was awesome. I often find myself sitting and thinking about this place...
4	Unfortunately since my last review I have to say the quality has gone down just a teeny tiny bit. I was very surprised to take a piece of white grilled fish and find that it was a dried up little piece of cardboard. Also the past couple of times I have gone they no longer serve the mozzarella pesto salad or the sliders. They are doing a custom taco bar during dinner time now but I didn't get the chance to try it. The turkey is moist but almost a little too moist...it has the flavor of being slightly undercooked. Ew. I was also disappointed by how tough the kobe beef at the meat cutting station was. My butter knife was almost insufficient in cutting it. :|Other than the items I mentioned everything else was still delicious as ever. They even added a new dessert which is now officially my favorite dessert. It is a tiny little waffle cone glazed on the inside with dark chocolate, filled with chocolate mousse and raspberries and topped with little dark chocolate crunchy pearls. They are so good that I usually don't even bother getting anything else except a chocolate covered strawberry or two. :)Beware: the crab leg stations have become so popular that I had to wait in line for 10 minutes just to get some but that's probably because they were changing over from lunch to dinner and were cleaning out one of the stations at the time. It was totally worth it though. Mmm crab meat swimming in melted butter.We will still keep coming back to The Buffet whenever we are in Vegas because the price is really reasonable for what you get regardless of a few issues I've had recently. I just wish they would realize that they are starting to have competition for the "best buffet on the strip" and step it up a little!
4	We got in line like at 3 pm, it was a Saturday and it was busy. I paid $30 per person not bad,its the Bellagio! There its variety of different kinds of foods. First you will find all Italian food obviously, all kinds of pasta. Second you will find few items of American food,and third you'll find some Chinese food and japanese food. I opted for American and Japanese food. Baby Ribs with mashed potatoes and some veggies were delicious to start. Then i went to the Sushi section,i took a few california rolls and sea weed salad.Dessert was fabulous...i didn't know where to start.Too many choices to pick from.There was cheese cake,chocolate cake,brownies,some italian breads,ice cream,cookies.I truly recommend this place if you want to try some different cuisines at the same time.
3	I remember coming here as a child, and it was the best buffet in the world! It really isn't bad for $20 lunch.. that's a lot cheaper than most of the restaurants in Vegas. They have a good variety of breakfast food. The prime rib was definitely the best part. The sushi, on the other hand, didn't look that great.I'd say it was just... OK. service was good as usual
3	Alaskan king crab legs are salty and tasteless, and we had to let them thaw for at least half an hour. Kobe beef is very tough, not even close. Service is slow.The only good dish I can remember is the raw salmon salad with sweetened soy sauce, yum. The dessert section is nice.
2	Honestly this buffet is just okay. I think the only thing I would eat here is the king crab legs! They were actually really good but the sushi here was terrible, the Chinese food was decent and then pasta want so good and the tacos were whatever! The already made salad looked appetizing but it was disappointing. Actually everything LOOKED appetizing, but it really wasn't. I'm sure the reason why the king crab legs were good was because they didn't have to cook it or add anything to it, so it was naturally good...but for the rest of the dishes they were disappointing. I wouldn't want to spend my money here, the food was seriously whatever, nothing special.
4	Stellar buffet. I hear it's only second to Bacchanal, but I honestly don't know where they could have improved. Line was relatively quick, price was the same as the Carnival buffet at the Rio (~$32 per person for dinner on a weeknight).Stand out items here:Prime rib, as rare as they'll let you have it, freakin amazing! the pesto mashed potatoesKobe beef- but its difficult to cut with the butter knife you're provided with, as others have saidThe caramelized onions, on absolutely anything or by themselvesTuna and salmon sashimi with the seaweed saladCreamed spinach (definitely a surprise) potato soup- it's like delicious velvet!Chocolate dome dessertThe only cuisine I did not see represented here was middle eastern/persian- how hard would it be to put out some pita bread and hummus, kalamata olives, and maybe some kabobs or a schwarma dish? I'd love to see what they could do with that type of food.I saw foods mentioned in other reviews that I did not find during my visit, such as caviar and chilean sea bass, that I would be interested in trying. Buffets aren't really my thing, but with comp cards or local ID it's relatively affordable here, and definitely worthwhile. Don't pass it up if you get the opportunity!
4	We went there on July 2nd at 1100am for lunch, but actually for brunch. We just waited 5 min in the line. It costs $22 / person. Fabulous buffet with great choices. Started with French toast and omelette, then main dishes. You can sample some food. The best food was the Sirloin beef, very tender and cooked well. Skipped the pizza. OK, there are not many international food as you would expect but overall, this is worth the money.
2	There is nothing special about this place. The line was super long which was of course what we had expected for lunchtime. I usually eat like a boar who has not been fed for days when I am at a buffet but this time I did not. I only ate three plates! It's not that I did not enjoy the food, the food selection was not much really. I like meat and they did not have much meat. Also, the dessert section was pretty big - YES they looked really good and I couldn't wait to try their desserts but they just did not live up to my expectations. The only dessert that I liked was the cheesecake, but everything else just looked good in my eyes in the beginning, but the taste was not quite there.
3	Growing up in Vegas this was an ok buffet. Definitely one of the better ones though.
4	$21 lunch buffet? I'm downnn! The food was really good here. I remember my favorite plate consisted of prime rib, mashed potatoes and they even had pesto mashed potatoes which was amazing! I'd definitely recommend this buffet and I'll for sure be back next time I'm in sin city!
4	Great place to get food for a big day in Vegas! I like the service and food. Recommended to go at least once when you visit Vegas!
2	Mediocre Buffet.
4	It's a Fancy Buffet - Lots of fancy items to choose from and it's all presented well. Went for the lunch - wait was minimal but it was busy. We decided we wanted to try Everything. And we tried - teaspoons of this and that... I think we got through most of it and we were pretty stuffed at the end.Overall, it was just another buffet, presented nicely. Nothing spectacular or anything here that I would make a special trip here for if I were in Vegas. It was good, it was worth the money and it was big as all things go in Vegas, but it didn't taste like I'd expect food from a 5-star resort to taste. Fun experience and glad to say I've been.
1	Pros :Variety was decentCons :Overpriced!The quality of the food was well below par.Service was bad.
5	OMG so much food and so fancy!!! Just to start, you better get here early because the line-up is about an hour long. You can by-pass it by paying the hostess $15 extra a person. Once you're inside, it's food heaven! So much variety and high quality items. There was steak tartare, Alaskan king crab legs, sushi and sashimi, sea bass, prime rib, etc. so much good food and the desserts were just as amazing. No wonder it's one of the busiest buffets in Vegas. You will leave completely stuffed and very satisfied.
3	If they were stopping food they could at least tell everyone in line thats here for dinner.We barely got the good stuff for our first plate and by the time we went for second round basically everything was shut down. This place would definitely receive full stars if they were to have more sashimi, prime rib, and whatever else that was good shutted down. We ended up eating full plates of crab legs and shrimps. I wouldnt mind giving this place a try again, just hope they would let their customers know when are last calls. -_-
4	Their Rosemary Prime Rib is the best I've ever had! Also, comparatively, a great selection of seafood if that's your thing.
2	Food good but not as good as Wicked Spoon of Wynn's buffet.Service was not good.Restrooms were terrible!!!
4	I have to give this place a good rating. It's higher end type of food, but not everything was super amazing. It's not like I couldn't get the same kind of food/quality elsewhere, but there was so much variety, plus an amazing dessert area that it still deserves four stars in my book. Anyway, the set price comes with a beverage, so our group got unlimited OJ and they were quick with refilling glasses. Probably hoping the guests would get fuller faster! I focused mainly on shrimp cocktail, mashed potatoes, some pasta dishes, breakfast foods like sausages and eggs, but then I got full quickly. My family had more seafood, like crab legs, which is what I think a lot of people focus on here. If I had room, I would have had a hearty salad, some deli meats/sandwich, tried more of the "ethnic" cuisine. My favorite part was the desserts though- very big chocolate covered strawberries. Eclairs. A tiramisu dessert. I wanted more, and it's hard to eat everything in one sitting. But no one rushes you out, you can linger and enjoy your meal.
4	Prime rib was the bomb. Sushi looked awful, too scary looking to try. Deserts were awesome.
5	I've been to this buffet a few times during lunch hours.  I always thought the food was extraordinary.  If I remember correctly on my last visit, I ate a couple slices of pizza, a couple scoops of mashed potato, bunch of flavored mushrooms, a few chicken legs, a couple slices of meat, some egg rolls and california rolls, two other veggie related foods, and then had a carrot cake with some ice cream.  They were all delicious.Just to throw in a negative, I found this buffet to be way more compact than every other buffet I've been to. Still, this place will always be on my to-go list on my future trips.  I've ate at other buffets (including the buffet at Rio, Cravings at Mirage, Wicked Spoon), and I'll put Bellagio's ahead of them (although Wicked Spoon might be as good).  I'd definitely recommend this buffet to anyone.
5	A little pricey, but amazing.  They've every type of food you could hunger for.
5	Loved it, went for dinner. It's worth the wait. The food was of high quality and seasoned nicely. The grilled salmon was excellent! Also the crab legs are cut in half so it is easier for you to eat the meat right out of it. Has many varieties of ethnic foods. Loved the desserts as well. We came back later in the week for the breakfast buffet which was good too. The eggs Benedict were not my type, too tangy tasting. Go in the middle of week to get best prices!
3	We must have walked in at the perfect time because we had no wait  (was a late lunch).  Overall buffet was good, lots of options, and I particularly liked the Japanese offerings (sushi rolls, various seaweed salads).  My husband really liked the sliders and some of the other meat options.  I can only given 3 starts since my husband got sick later on and we think that was due to the shrimp (of which he tried one and knew something wasn't right).  I would go again, although would not be my first option.  Dining room is pretty uninspired as well, not an interesting space.
4	One of the better buffets in Vegas. It gets pretty pricey though, but it's the Bellagio - no surprises there.Food items that stood out:- cream of mushroom soup- lamb osso bucco with creamy polenta (BOMB!)- seafood paella- 4 cheese pasta (or was it 3? 5?)- actually all their pastas- pesto potato mash- KING CRAB LEGS WITH BUTTER- SHRIMP COCKTAIL- panna cotta with strawberry puree (SO GOOD)Just try very little bits of everything... and when you figure out what you like, pile up! (But you'll probably already be full)
4	I'm not complaining about the price because I knew in advance that it was $40 per person (price as of this past Saturday night).So much food to choose from!!! The meat is delicious: prime rib, beef wellington, LAMB CHOPS, pork belly, and on...Crab legs, prawns, sushi, caviar, cerviche, I couldn't get through all the seafood options.Salads, asparagus, cheeses, cured meats, soups, olive breads, there was no way I could get to it all.So many desserts: amazing cheesecake, macrons, lemon meringue, chocolate desserts, ice creams, bread pudding, fruit, etc.So much food and all of it good. Some of the servers were great and friendly (especially the guy chopping up the medium rare beef and pork belly) though one woman seating us rolled her eyes when my friend asked if we could wipe down the table because it had food on it. Another guy, serving the beef wellington, was really grouchy and was yelling at one of his co workers rather than letting anyone have any of his dish. I had to yell "excuse me" about 5 times to get his attention. The guy dishing out the caviar was also rude because I didn't know the names of the different kinds. "Can I please try the black caviar?" I asked. His terse answer: "UH, It's called American caviar!" I've never had caviar before and had no idea, ha ha!Overall, a good time and good food. I was stuffed and can't eat like this all the time, so it was a treat!
4	Price is around $40/ person for dinner on weekends. Comparable quality to Wynn's. More choices here than the Wynn. *Prime rib is on point! Marbling with the right amount of fat. *Flank steak was so flavorful!*Scalloped potatoes complimented the prime rib & flank steak perfectly- Kobe beef was just whatever, sliced too thinly and tastes like roast beef. Skip it! - Sushi was whatever too. i tried a bit of their poke and it tasted like salmon mixed with siracha. A good amount of choices for desserts too. For nutella lovers, try the white chocolate nutella cone!Chocolate covered strawberries were good too because the strawberries were sweet.
4	This is probably my favorite buffet I've been to on The Strip. The buffet is one of the simpler looking buffets compared to the other buffets of it's caliber in the area. It's also the cheaper option for the quality of food you get (imo), w/ lunch priced at $22 and dinner at around $37 (both + tax) on the weekdays. And heads up this is a review of their weekday menu, not their weekend (which I understand comes with more items and a higher price).The service is good. The variety is standard. That is, they have salad, sushi, cold bar, prime rib, chicken, turkey, a semblance of chinese food, pizza, pasta, seafood, dessert, etc. If you're looking for something totally out there and exotic your'e not going to find it at this buffet (and I don't why you'd look at buffets for that type of stuff anyways). If you want more variety buffets such as the Bacchanal at Caesars will be for you. However, the reason why they're my favorite buffet is because of the food. The Good: 1.) The prime rib here is the best between Bacchanal, Wynn, and Bellagio. They're smaller, but from what I've seen and eaten the prime rib is better seasoned and cooked better than the other buffets. 2.) Lamb lollipops. The first 2 batches were really good with the proper medium rare available, but alas as time went on they overcooked it consistently.3.) The sea bass, which was tender and had decent flavor. 4.) Smoked salmon is offered both lunch and dinner5.) There were split King Crab legs on a weekday dinner. Score!The Whatever/Bad:Sushi was whatever to bad (per-the-usual) Turkey was going on dry, but okay, the rotisserie chicken was decent, and dessert was also decent, but mostly whatever. I mostly avoid the Chinese line (at all the buffets there) and you need to check to make sure the piece of fish you are grabbing is overcooked or not. My method, poke it with the tongs. If it flakes easily than take it, if it is solid, its overcooked.In short, the Bellagio may not have the most varied, exotic selection, or the prettiest decor, but they make food that I want to eat and do enough of it well that I'd want to come back. That and the price is pretty affordable to cheap if you're looking for a good upscale buffet to eat at.
5	I absolutely LOVE this buffet!  I've been to the Buffet at the Bellagio about four times now including several holiday weekends and have never had to wait more than 15 minutes in line.  I recently came here during 4th of July weekend and their brunch was only $35.00 where places like the Wynn and Paris were charging $60.00 for holiday brunch (OUTRAGEOUS, and no your $60.00 does not include alcohol).  Regularly it is around $30.00 for brunch which is reasonable considering everything they serve is delicious.  Honestly, I have never tried anything here that wasn't good.  Also they have every kind of food you can want: breakfast dishes, prime rib, sushi, asian, shrimp/crab (depending on when you come), cheeses, salad bar, and lots of yummy desserts.  Additionally, the last time I dined her my friends and I also got the all you can drink champagne which is only $10.00 (you can also get all you can drink bloody marys, beer, or margaritas) which I think is a steal.  The service here is also great, last time we came here our waitress did an amazing job of serving us which I really appreciate because buffets tend to be lacking on their service and I hate when you are dining and no one comes to refill your water for like half an hour.  Overall, I would highly suggest this buffet, it is definately WORTH the price!
4	One of my favorite buffets in Vegas, aside from the Wynn.  The decor is nice, and the food is even better.  Their desserts are ridiculously good, but don't expect a big dessert selection during breakfast.  The best time to go is around 10:30, right before they bring out the lunch items.  Be aware though that if you're there during a holiday weekend, prices will be higher than usual.  However, the Bellagio makes sure you get your money's worth.  The last holiday weekend we were there they offered beef wellington, 4 different kinds of macarons, lamb, and way too many other things to name.  You won't get this quality of food anywhere on the strip for this price!
3	Great variety of food, not THAT tasty.
3	What happened to this place?? We were so looking forward to this place after a few years, but we were let down by the quality and choices. The line wasn't that long of a wait for a weekday.
4	Oh wow the Bellagio Buffet, come to mama!  We went just last week and for about $38 we certainly got our money's worth.  The buffet is definitely the best way to get the most food for your money.I immediately followed my #1 buffet rule:  avoid the carbs, they are fill-you-up traps!  So I loaded up on sushi, sashimi, nigiri, and crab legs (both Alaskan King and Snow) mmmmm.  I also tried their baked wahoo and grilled salmon.  Great seafood selection.  yum yum yum.  They also have beef, chicken, and pork selections but I stuck with the seafood.  Unlike other buffets, I saw the sushi being made right then and there so you know it's good a fresh.Each meat has its own section, which makes it easier to find what you are looking forward.  For dessert, there was a fantastic selection of cheesecake, tarts, cookies, and cakes. There was also a decent selection of sugar-free desserts too for anyone who is diabetic.  That was a nice touch.
2	The food was okay, but not spectacular. They charge a set price for kids and adults both, so we had to pay $50 a pop for our 4 year old, 6 year old, and 8 year old. They stopped making sushi around 8, which sucked. Our server was also extremely rude and impatient, which made our subpar dinner tense and uncomfortable. All in all, wouldn't come back, but food was okay.
3	I was a bit disappointed with the buffet being that it was at the Bellagio. The selection of food was smaller than I had expected. The atmosphere was nice however I think there are much better buffets on the strip for the same price.
4	Yummmmmmmmm.This buffet is one of the best in Las Vegas. There is such a selection, you can find salads, excellent prime rib, soups, pasta, crab legs, excellent everything. My only complaint is that they are so busy that often it takes a long time for the tables to be cleaned off. There is a long wait often unless you have an M life card that moves you to the front of the line.
3	Caviar servings were very heavily policed.  Behind a glass and the servers were very reluctant to give me more than a tiny spoonful.  I didn't want the blini and just wanted caviar.  King crab was good, but still had some ice crystals on them and wasn't completely defrosted.  I love crab, though and enjoyed it very much.  The unlimited alcohol for $10 is a good deal.  Can choose from bloody mary, margarita, champagne, but whatever you choose, you have to stick with.  Cannot change your drink mid-meal. Overall--wide selection of food.  Easy to navigate.  King crab.  Yum.
5	as far as vegas buffets go - this is the benchmark. *super clean*super accomodating *plenty of vegan options (including sorbet, asian options, oatmeal, fruit, salad, soy milk)*fast service *FUN TIME i had *the best* time at this all you can drink buffet and i think the value for the dollar is fair.  while this is *expensive* you do get a quality experience.
4	I Love this Buffet! As another review stated this is as super clean and classy as a buffet can get!We went on Easter and at $50 a plate I can say we got our money's worth!Can't wait to go again!!
2	This is definitely not a 4-star worthy buffet. Before I went here for dinner, my understanding was that even though it's an older buffet (when you compare it to Wicked Spoon, Bacchanal Buffet, etc), but the food is still very good. That is completely not true, not only it's an old buffet, the food is no where near the standards of some the new buffets at all.We went on a Monday evening at about 5 PM, there was a 90 minute wait. By now, I am used to waiting for buffets, so it was not a big deal. Dinner was $32.99 on weekday nights as of August of 2013, it is on par with the other nicer buffets on the strip. Food offered in very limited variety, the Asian station was a joke. I've seen much better food at some of the cheaper buffets. Overall, unless you are staying at the hotel and want a quick bite when there is no line, I don't see any reason why anyone would come here. I will certainly not come back. If you are looking for a nice buffet, I would go to Wicked Spoon, Bacchanal or the Wynn. If you are looking for a more budget conscious buffet, I would recommend going to the Palm.
2	This place is crowded with a long wait to get seated.  This would be ok if the food was worthwhile.  It isn't.  The food is bland and generally poorly prepared.  The number of choices isn't that great and worst of all everything I had was lukewarm at best.  The only reason I gave 2 stars is because we had an attentive server.  Here's a couple of examples.  The crab legs are served cold unless you carry them yourself to the fish bar to have them steamed.  Guaranteed to make them watery and tasteless!  I think the drawn butter is the stuff you put on movie theater popcorn.  There was some sausage that was cooked to a nice medium rare.  Sorry, I didn't find out how that tasted.  I like Israeli style couscous (the big kind).  It really should be cooked so it isn't like a Grape Nut though.  They do have some good bread and the $10 Stella Artois was tasty.Go here only if you want to pay $35+ a head for basically Golden Corral level food.  I'm honestly flabbergasted with the people who gave it good reviews.
2	Went there on a Saturday night...paid $168.00 for 4 people. What a waste of money!! Waited in line for an hour. The Kobe beef tasted like shoe leather, snow crab legs were frozen, wonton soup tasted bad, Chinese ribs were super fatty and tasteless, flan tasted like flem, bread was hard, pizza was gross, didn't like any desserts. I thought Vegas buffets were good and cheap..boy was I wrong!!!!
2	Maybe it is that we visited on our third day, after having visited Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon... We kept exchanging 'What happened to this place?' glances during whole dinner. We - hubby, brother & yours truly - used to think that The Buffet was the BOMB but last visit left us wondering why we should ever come back.Just few examples - * Salty icy king crab legs: totally not edible* Prime rib with serious lack of flavor: I don't mean put a ton of salt, no. I mean just adequate seasoning to bring out the natural flavor* Subpar sushi/ sashimi* Dessert that are pretty to look at but totally deficient in bright fresh flavor or delight to a perfect end of a mealWhy not create a competitive edge with low glycemic dessert selection with stevia (not the Truvia junk... Use Stevia in The Raw) or organic blue agave syrup (Costco carries them), for example? Or how about artisanal ice cream/ sorbet that packs some awesome flavor?Really, for the money and time (which equals to money) that we spent and for comparative selections out there... Hmmm. 1 star for ambiance - locational advantage of being at Bellagio1 star for service - we got our drinks & silverwares and reasonably efficient removal of used plates
4	For a buffet, this delighted.We didn't stand in line too long. We paid $41/pop. We tried our fill of apps, entrees, desserts, and etc. Dessert first! You'd think it'd be terrible, as it is at most buffets,  but the carrot cake was surprisingly delicious and moist. The brownie was also surprisingly good. And the entrees.. The meats...how can you go and not try them? They were okay to good. They had prime rib, rack of lamb, wagyu beef.. Good but no stars. The lobster mac n cheese was satisfying albeit a bit runny. In sum, if you come in with the right expectations, you will be satisfied. We were hungry, we couldn't get into any of the fancy restaurants nearby (they were all booked over the july 4th weekend), and did I mention we were hungry?
2	Usually not a big fan of buffets but I make it a point to visit one per Vegas visit to see how it compares.To begin with: The price under the week for Dinner is 35$ incl tax and then I tip 5$ for the server. So 40$ in total.Then I see the lineup. This doesn't concern me because I am MLife Noir so I just walk up and get my table but seriously I would never wait in such a long line, especially not for the type of food at a buffet. But to each his/her own.The server was nice and then after ordering something to drink I took a little walk around to see what is being offered (always do that and get a picture first before filling your plate and stuff yourself with things you regret later). I mean seriously: You pay 40$ for a buffet, why would you fill yourself up with pizza?The meat section usually has the best value at a buffet, they had prime rib which was pretty good but not astonishing, Rotisserie Chicken and Turkey as well as 'Kobe Beef'. Now let's stop right there. To actually say this is Kobe Beef is an insult to peoples intelligence. Nothing of that had anything to do with premium Kobe Beef. Maybe Kobe, Idaho. It was bad to the point of me wondering if they got this at a Costco. Anyway...So after looking around I stuck to the prime rib, some salad, seafood (the crab legs were pretty good I have to say) and shrimp. I was disappointed by the hot seafood section as there was really nothing special there.The desserts were good quality even though not wide in variety but the lemon meringue as well as the carrot cake were delicious.The environment: It's Vegas so expect the usual. Yet there were not as many tables like at some other buffets so you can carry your plates without bumping into people every left and right.For the impression it was good, in the end I had an ok dinner. Was it worth 40$. maybe not but once again it's Vegas so why regret? But if you are at the Bellagio better spend the 40$ on an Appetizer and a Drink at Olives.Buffet wise I had much much better experiences including at lower graded hotels like the Paris.Enjoy!-s
4	I much prefer the breakfast buffet over the dinner.  The dinner was super expensive and super crowded.
2	I always used La Village at Paris when I'm in Vegas. But after few peoples' recommendations I decided I have to try Bellagio's. It was total disappointment. Don't get me wrong. Food was not bad. It was fine. Same baked potato I can bake at home, same over-baked salmon I can over-bake at home. Some deserts were really nice. But here is my problem. We have it all in local LA buffets (like Hokaido) for half price on daily basis (including seafood). At Paris you at least have the nice settings of sort of French village. While Belagio buffet is just a huge eatery. So again food is OKOverall food/price/place - never again
1	I'm sorry, but I just really did not enjoy the food here or the atmosphere. I paid $32 for a Saturday Brunch that was not even worth the money. It lacked quality and freshness I was looking forward to. The dessert seemed to be the only thing decent as well as the prime rib. But I cant even remember anything else there to like =( And I am a big buffet goer person. I have had better at "The Buffet" in Reno, NV.  And I literally tried everything I put tiny bite sized portions on my plate of everything.Pizza was poorly made.Brunch Sushi was crap...vegetable sushi and some cheap a$$ california rolls...like wtf. I'm paying $32 for a buffet, can I get some tuna or salmon at LEAST? weird to have experienced that...Smoked salmon was too salty, but was happy to see all the toppings it would need like capers, cream cheese and red onion, seedy mustard, etc.Farfalle pasta was good.Some of the fish was good too. but nothing wowed me at all.Overall I dont want to waste my time reviewing this place that I did not like...Will never return. As for the service it was fine, besides the watered down grape juice I got.Pluses: Free soda, coffee, teas and lemonades included?
4	The Buffet at Bellagio is superb. Is it overpriced? Without question, but it's Vegas. Treat yourself. The shrimp are as big as I've seen and there is a mountain of them awaiting you. The carving station lives up to expectation as well. Delicious meats slow roasted over an open flame. Dessert is also not to be missed. A wide selection of everything you can think of including the best macadamia nut cookie I've ever tasted. Give the Bellagio buffet a try. You'll be glad you did.The Buffet at Bellagio: A
4	Usually Vegas buffets are a gluttonous amount of mediocre food. The Buffet At Bellagio is not that. The food ranging from mussels, fresh carved turkey, pesto mash potatoes and bagel with lox will satisfy families and the hungover! Go now on an empty stomach and enjoy:)
1	I visited The Buffet around 1pm on a Monday.  The food was so-so and not very impressive.  I found (and almost ate)  what looked like paper trash in the salad mix. The waitress explained it was the wrapper from the salad bag.I wouldn't go back, I was with 5 girls and we all left hungry.
2	Maybe it is that we visited on our third day, after having visited Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon... We kept exchanging 'What happened to this place?' glances during whole dinner. We - hubby, brother & yours truly - used to think that The Buffet was the BOMB but last visit left us wondering why we should ever come back.Just few examples - * Salty icy king crab legs: totally not edible* Prime rib with serious lack of flavor: I don't mean put a ton of salt, no. I mean just adequate seasoning to bring out the natural flavor* Subpar sushi/ sashimi* Dessert that are pretty to look at but totally deficient in bright fresh flavor or delight to a perfect end of a mealWhy not create a competitive edge with low glycemic dessert selection with stevia (not the Truvia junk... Use Stevia in The Raw) or organic blue agave syrup (Costco carries them), for example? Or how about artisanal ice cream/ sorbet that packs some awesome flavor?Really, for the money and time (which equals to money) that we spent and for comparative selections out there... Hmmm. 1 star for ambiance - locational advantage of being at Bellagio1 star for service - we got our drinks & silverwares and reasonably efficient removal of used plates
3	Although the food here was good it was not excellent. I remember the old days when everyone lined up for this place. Not so much anymore. The only thing that stood out for me was the skirt steak and ribs. For dessert, the Napoleon was really good. We ate until we couldn't walk anymore. We tried to wait for the sushi hand rolls but they kept telling us 10 minutes. It became 40 minutes but still no hand rolls. We finally gave up. We were stuffed and decided to walk off our food.
2	Me and my friends were looking for a good buffet to eat at while we working at a convention this past week. We heard the Bellagio was great! So we were set to go there. We had an early day off so we got there at about 5pm to grab an early dinner. We got there and grabbed our first dish, we all got the seafood (sushi, sea bass, and crab legs) we were pretty please. Than we decided to try other things. So we got meats and other things. My ribs were cold, dry, and old. Than, my friends got the prime  steak and it was old as cold as well! Than my other friend got a piece of the wild boar and it was ALL fat. It was super disappointing after a long day at work. Granted maybe because we to an early dinner? But it was just awful. The best part was the dessert, but it still didn't make up for the lack of cold dry food. I wouldn't recommend to come here.
3	We were in Vegas for a friend's wedding over Easter Weekend, and ended up here Easter Sunday. I think it was like $40 a person? There were quite a few selections, the King crab legs were the best part. I like mine hot though, but they were nice enough to steam them for me. What I didn't like is that while we got there about 1-1.5hours before they closed, they started closing down stations like halfway through our dinner? We didn't experience all the hot stuff because of it. And since the employees were focused on breaking stuff down, I waited at the meat carving area for like 5 minutes, which is a long time in buffet line world.. We'd go back probably after we checked out other buffets first...
2	Came here kinda late (9:00pm) waited in line for almost an hour.  There was still a lot of people behind us in line.  Food was good, not exceptional.  But for $45/person, including kids, they should not have taken the food away around 10:00, those poor people behind us in line probably didn't get much food to eat!  Wicked Spoon, Wynn's and others are better, for less!
5	soooooo gooood! At $32, it's a steal! I paid $30 for the garbage buffet at the Rio. For 2 dollars more, I had the best buffet experience ever! yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
3	Disappointed. Nothing stood out. The deserts were okay. I honestly expected more !
2	The food is pretty good here, but the buffet is overpriced. However, the price is expected since this is Vegas. What really bothered me is the horrid service.The waitress sat my party down and asked us what drinks we wanted. I asked for a soy milk and she rolled her eyes. I let that slide since it didn't really bother me. However, she then said with an annoyed tone "are you serious?" This really annoyed me cause I felt like she was judging me. She brought the drinks while I was getting food and told my friend that somebody had to go out of their way to get the soy milk. It doesn't matter if they have to go out of their way to get it because they are PAID to do their job and I also PAID for my meal.Throughout the meal we also never got any refills unless we asked for it and at some point, nobody even cleaned up our plates. It really felt like we did not have a waitress at all.This has got to be the worst experience I have ever had at any buffet. The food may have been good, but the service was just that much worse.
3	Pricey but on a par with some of the better buffets in Vegas.It was not part of the Buffet of Buffet program, and we paid $50/person because it as a Labor Day special dinner (starting at 3 p.m. on Friday) and because we were celebrating a birthday.Some notables:Good selection, with a little bit of everything: --Seafood choices consisted of Alaska and regular crabs; shrimp, smoked salmon, sushi, caviar (Ikura and American caviar), seaweed salad, mussel salad and calamari salad--Carvery choices included rack of lamb, Asian pork belly; beef Wellington--Asian foods included Broccoli Beef, Beef Panang, chicken shiu mai--Extensive dessert sectionSome good items:--Alaska king crab legs were split and served cold, though servers can steam upon request--the mussels and seafoods were free from grit and only very slightly over-cooked compared to other buffets--Beef Wellington and rack of lamb were just right--only complaint was the saltiness of the mushroom filling in the Beef Wellington--Extensive salad selection, including a mussel saladCompetent, unobtrusive service: our servers got us the cranberry juice and ice creamSome not so hot items:--Veal osso bucco: inconsistent quality--one us had a perfectly tender piece, but mine was overcooked and leathery--Sushi was inconsistent: one of us had sushi with too much vinegar; mine was just right--Pork belly was too salty (due to oversmoking?)Is it worth the $50/person?  Only if you can eat enough to make it worth your while...Lunch will definitely be more palatable!
3	Food is not bad. They have lots of selection of desserts. If you like Alaskan crab this is the buffet for you. The only thing is bad is the waiting, it took us 1:30 to get in but it's worth it! Price wise yes it's expensive $32.99 but hey its Bellagio.
1	Thank you Bellagio for the food poisoning this weekend. I was expecting to get sick and throw up at some point this weekend.... but not from food.I do have to mention their paella though, it was really good and had the perfect flavoring. A little piece of home. I wish I could say the same for everything else
4	This is our favorite buffet here. Last visit was for Labor Day they had a special brunch for $39.95. The crab legs were fresh and the salads were all delicious making this a better value for me rather than eating at a seafood restaurant. The meat was tasty but nothing  special. The best new edition is the all you can drink deal for $10 extra. Choose between Bloody Mary, mimosa, margaritas and import beers. Stick with your drink and have all you want. The margaritas were top shelf and excellent. Everyone walked away feeling they had a great meal
1	Now if I say Buffet at Bellagio everyone would assume that you will experience the finest in buffet experience you will ever have.  Well, sad to say I was totally wrong.  It's the one of the worst buffet I ever had in my life.  What I paid for was not worth the food they served.  The crab legs are horrible (dry and not fresh), all of their sea food is horrible, I should  their teach their Executive how to cook seafood.  The steak is ok but the lamb ribs was  spoiled.  Can you imagine serving a whole rack of lamb ribs that is spoiled already.  The only thing that was enjoyable was their Paella and dessert.  The rest are garbage!!!!  Stay away from this place!  Don't be fooled by the name of Bellagio.
2	Way overpriced for the selection of food you get, not worth waiting in line for.  The night we were there there was a limited amount of dessert choices.  The the stuff that wasn't cooked , tuna poke,  tuna sushi,  and the ceviche  were excellent,  but the cooked entrees were average at best.  We found that there are a bunch of inexpensive restuarants that serve awesome food when you get away from the Strip. So my advice is to save your money, and go to some place like Da Lat were you can get a lot of awesome food for a reasonable price.
5	Hot damn this place is good!  I think the hubbie would give 7 stars if he could.  He must have eaten $100 worth of crab legs alone... Not to mention rack of lamb, ostrich, prime rib, quail, Kobe beef, swordfish.....Definitely a stand by buffet, and will be back... unless we try out all the other Vegas buffets first!
3	"Reputation is Everything."That is, assuming it's a good one, which The Buffet at the Bellagio seems to still have (100 people waiting in line!).  It's just a shame that the food can't back that up anymore.  While they were pretty darn good the last time I was here, The Buffet now seems to be living off its reputation more than anything else.Although there were about 40 people in line when we arrived (it more than doubled by the time we left), we were able to bypass the wait by making a reservation.  The trade off was a fixed 18% gratuity, but it was well worth it to get in that much faster and to have all 12 of us seated together.  Plus, we probably would have tipped that much anyways.On the plus side, there was a wide variety to choose from.  Like nearly every other Vegas buffet, there were sections for Asian food, sushi/sashimi, seasonal fruits, various salads, pastas, pizzas, and seafood (including fresh king crab legs).  In addition, they also had a couple of carvery stations offering meaty favorites like prime rib, Kobe beef, ribs, pork belly, and rack of lamb, as well as stations for made-to-order tacos and caviar.  And, of course, a dessert bar with a wealth of selections to cap your meal.While all that variety was great, it was also necessary in order to find things worth eating.  Most of the food was just okay with a handful of tasty items, but the carvery meats were really disappointing though - the prime rib was okay and the rack of lamb was good, but the Kobe beef was AWFUL (tough and flavorless).  Furthermore, the tacos were pretty bleh, two of the three caviars were just tobiko and ikura (like at Japanese restaurants), and the sashimi didn't look appetizing at all.At $39 a head for a regular Saturday night dinner, the price is comparable with the better buffets on the Strip (Wynn's buffet and Cosmo's Wicked Spoon, for two), but the food felt like it was a step or two behind.  TWO AND A HALF STARS rounded up because things like the salmon mousse cups, smoked salmon, chocolate covered strawberries, and rack of lamb were "plus" items.  Plus, a part of me just hopes that it was a bad night.  However, if I had to paid out of my pocket (the resort credit I got for staying at the Bellagio covered my meal), I would have rounded down.
3	Buffet is OK, but not great. Better choices in town. If you insist on going, show up early evening to avoid a line.
3	A ok. Good food, a wide variety. Looong line and Vegas price tag, but worth a try :)
5	Love this buffet!  Caviar, Crab legs, Creme Brulee, oh my!  The quality of the food is top notch.  I've been to all of the other buffets in vegas, and I keep coming back to this one.   Sry Bacchanal
1	This place is too much for the quality of food. Everything was either salty or cold. It also made my stomach hurt!! Don't eat here the Bacchanal is the place u need to try!
3	Went during dinner hours during Labor Day weekend so the prices were higher than usual. The food was ok nothing spectacular however I did enjoy the crab legs. Wish I could have eaten more. The roast turkey was also great. Those were my 2 favorite things. Everything else was average. Definitely not worth the price
3	I've been here several times. Every time I come I am less impressed. The first time I came I was really impressed with the food! From what I heard this is the "Buffet" to try in Vegas. They have an excellent variety of foods and desserts. They have snow crabs, king crabs, steaks, prime ribs, beef wellingtons, chicken, fishes, pork, shrimps, mexican, italian, sushi, salad bar, dessert stations and much much more. If I would've reviewed this place the first time I came (just over a year ago), it would've been easily 5 stars. But my next visits it was kinda disappointing. Meats weren't great, food tasted bland, and not very enjoyable as my first time. I probably won't be coming back to this buffet anymore unless something lures me in.Also, expect to wait in line for a solid 30 minutes!
4	This buffet has an absolutely MASSIVE selection of food.  My favorite dishes were the prime rib, the pastas, and the side salad.  And of course the desserts!!!  I wasn't impressed with the seafood though - the sushi was very sub-par and the paella was kind of fishy tasting.  But with such a large selection of food, it's easy to try a little bit of everything and find what you like.Arrive in line early (before 5:30PM) because the line gets long after that.  Once you get inside it's pretty spacious and you don't really have to wait for anything.  The price is kind of expensive ($40ish) but since this was a one-time kind of outing for me, I thought it was worth it.  It was fun to finally see what the fuss is about and eat at the best buffet in Vegas!
5	As good as it gets. Seriously. Everything I ate was phenomenal. Prime rib, Brussels sprouts, carrots YUM!!! My only knock would be on the crab legs - just give us crackers please. Thanks Bellagio!!!! Enjoyed the buffet!!!!
1	Very confused how this buffet has such high reviews and is on many Vegas top 10 lists.  There was nothing that I had any desire to back for seconds for.  Sushi was so fishy it was practically inedible.  Chinese chicken on a stick was dry and pad Thai was bland.  Prime rib was average, nothing to write home about.  Seafood (crab legs and shrimp) was served cold and was of poor quality and fishy.  Italian was just pasta with cheap sauce.  Nothing made to order (such as Italian or sushi) as you would usually find at these types of buffets.This was one of the few things I wanted to check off of my list while in Vegas. I guess I am just slightly confused and disappointed that one of the highest end hotels and presumably high end buffets could serve such poor quality food.  I figured such an establishment would have some sort of quality control team that tasted the food they were serving but I stand corrected.  I expected it to be expensive (which is fine because it's Vegas) but if this buffet was free I would not go back.
5	Went to the breakfast buffet here- it was pretty good vast variety, including lox, eggs in any way, pastries, etc. They had the really good jams in mini containers, which was awesome. Great service. My only complaint is that there were no custom crepes, and no brie!! I'd expect Bellagio to have that. They were switching out the plates to lunch by the end of our run, but we were so stuffed we had to pass. I'd give it a 4.5 but rounded up because I'm sure lunch and dinner also have amazing choices.
4	I normally don't review buffets because they're so varied it's really hard to find something that just stands out.  I've eaten at many Vegas buffets over the years and the only ones that have ever blown my mind is Aria Buffet, Wicked Spoon @ Cosmo, MGM Grand, and Luxor (the latter two particularly because of value for their brunch buffets).I originally planned to go to the Caesar's buffet (Bacchanal-something) but the line for that was at least 45 minutes or more.  I was really craving a buffet with some asian selections, which you'll typically find in the more pricier buffets.  Since Bellagio was close, I took a chance and made my way over there, where the wait was only about 20 minutes.  Like most night time buffets, there was piles of crab legs.  What I like at the pricier places is that they precut the legs so you don't have to spend half the night cracking open legs, pulling out the meat, and praying that you didn't screw up the pull to where half the meat gets stuck in the shell.There's a salad bar, dessert bar, bread bar, soup bar, yadda yadda.  They also had a sushi bar and italian, american, spanish, and chinese choices.  Unfortunately, no shao mai or har gow but they had gai lan, chicken in black bean sauce with pea pods, char siu bao, fried rice, and something else I can't remember.  It was all delicious but little did I know that was the "worst" part of the meal.I had their pasta and O M G it was delicious!  Cheese tortellini in walnut pesto sauce, beef ravioli in cream sauce, and chicken and sundried tomato bowtie pasts....all of these were incredible!  Then it got even better when I went to the sushi bar because they had salmon poke and ahi poke.  For those of you that know me, I am a salmon fiend.  I LOVE SALMON.  Smoked, grilled, sushi grade raw, broiled, I'll eat it.  Even the crappy salmon they serve at cheaper buffets, I'll eat it.That salmon poke was AMAZING.  They used quality sushi grade salmon to make it.  That salmon was so delicious, I feel like I definitely got my money's worth. The desserts were delicious as well...I had their tiramisu and cheesecakes.  I was shocked to see ice cream machines instead of gelato stations like other contemporary buffets.  Negative points to that.Also, this buffet wasn't very vegan friendly....unfortunately I can't take the Vegan GF here because all she could eat is the build your own salad, lentil soup, the chinese broccoli, and maybe some sushi rolls.  Wicked Spoon was far vegan friendlier.  However, the italian food and the salmon poke just made this place amazing for me.The dinner buffet during the week is $35.   -1 star because even though the italian and seafood dishes are superb, the rest of the fare is hit or miss.
4	I had been looking forward to trying this buffet after reading and hearing so many good things about it. We tried to go around 830pm on a Monday and the line was *massive* so we decided to try again the next day. We ended up going around 6 on Tuesday and had no wait. It came to around 70 bucks for the 2 of us.There was a pretty nice selection of food. The only stand outs for me were the pesto mashed potatoes and some cheese that had some kind of fruit in it. The prime rib was pretty decent but the Kobe beef roast was horrendous. It was tough as leather. They had some smoked fish selections that were pretty good. The desert selections were awesome. I went ahead and paid the extra 10 bucks for the all you can drink champagne. Our waitress was very attentive and my glass was promptly refilled. Overall it was pretty good at least I can cross it off my list of places I wanted to try. I would probably eat here again,  Would like to try their weekend gourmet selection someday.
4	Starting off, I went on a sunday over Mexican Independence weekend. Their menu was altered for this event. I waited in line for about 20 minutes, not too bad. Compared to Bacchanal that was well over an hour. The food tasted pretty good and fresh. There was still plenty of variety in foods. My sushi was pushing my French toast off the plate. The only downside was that there is only one toilet in the men's restroom. And there was a long line for it. Who decided to only put one toilet at a buffet??I would go back as an alternative to Bacchanal
5	I have been to this buffet a couple of times in the past. I have always had a good experience, and the food is really well prepared! it's defintely worth every penny
3	There's a large variety of food to pick from and it's mostly good. We usually eat at this buffet every time we go to Vegas because it's one of the better ones.  This trip however I started noticing how old it's getting. The booths are getting really worn and dirty. But what I really noticed were areas in the buffet that reek of a sour smell. It was most noticeable in the sushi area. Sort of gave me some hesitation on whether to continue to eat and risk some sort of stomach ailment. Luckily nothing happened.
5	I love this buffet. Its inside the Bellagio Hotel. I love it!!The waitress was soo nice, even gave us the champagne glass to walk around the strip. Even finished the whole bottle for us.I was with my friends. The food was great. So many selections to choose and very tasty.I would definitely come back when I go visit Vegas again.
2	While impressive in scale and presentation (yes, that's one large room of food), the quality of the dishes was fairly average.From a pretty poor imitation of dim sum dishes to soggy pizza and supbar sushi, I couldn't really bring myself to eat plate after plate like all of the other starry eyed guests.But I will say that the breakfast stations were BANGIN'. Red velvet waffles with honey vanilla whipped cream cheese and some ridiculously tasty eggs benedict redeemed the buffet for me.But that's not all. The desserts were just beautiful - and some tasted as exquisite as they looked. The cheesecake and carrot cake were two classic favorites along with some gorgeous strawberry tartlets. Other desserts were lovely but nearly flavorless. Overall I probably wouldn't return, just because I'm not particularly enticed by buffets and the price tag is high for an all-you-can-eat meal where I only end up with one plate.
5	Yum! We went to a few brunch places and this was definitely the best. The food is delicious and everything goes together. The sun dried tomato pasta was my great and the cheesecake was to die for. I would probably pay the $22 just for the cheesecake, it was that good. This place is pretty expensive and mimosas are not included.
4	Pretty expensive, $70 for two people!! Came here with my gf and her friends before we head back to beautiful Los Angeles CA....good was good. Had everything I could possibly fit in a plate (aka a heart attack)...really good food! I loved the shrimp!! 4 stars because I felt it was ridiculous how much it was for one person.
3	We went to the Bellagio Buffet this weekend filled with memories of a super experience the last time we were in Vegas.  Perhaps it was because last time we were there for breakfast and this time we went for dinner - but it was just missing something.  Nothing I ate really struck me as delicious.  The prime rib was a bit bland and not very tender, the mashed potatoes were runny, the pastas were mediocre (the beef ravioli - blech!), the sushi was dry, and the desserts were just ok.  I ate a bunch of crab legs which were pretty good and made me feel like I didn't just throw away $40 on dinner, but overall I was let down by the experience.  I think breakfast may be the way to go here.  I will try another buffet the next time I am in Vegas.
5	I prefer it to one at the Wynn but both are probably among the best in Las Vegas.  Maybe it was constant refilling of crab legs when I went for dinner once, or the time the chef cooking my omelette calling me sir was carefully using his spatula to make sure every corner of the egg was cooked evenly.  There is a bit of a line and it is a little bit more than others on the Strip but these little details that make all the difference.
2	So Disappointed. Don't know what happen but the quality of food has gone down dramatically!  Hate to say it but this is the last time I'm eating here. It used to be one of my fave buffet and it doesn't even deserve the 2 stars for the price of $42.99
2	This was my first buffet I've been since being away from Vegas for years. And this wasn't my best decision. My boys and I were wanted to grab a meal at a buffet before our night out in the city of sin.  Apparently, this was the closest one and had a short line. Once we got to cashier, I was in shock to hear how much an individual had to pay for buffet dinner. For the price for an individual had to pay, we could've got the 24 hour buffet pass. More buffets to visit at different hotels.Once we paid, we waited a couple minutes for our table.  After our table was ready and then seated, our server took our drink orders. When everything was settled at the table, we were off to explore the buffet's offerings.The selections were very limited since some stations were left unreplenished. With what was available, I had to make my $47 dinner worth it. I went for the grilled meats: kobe beef & prime rib, short rib tacos, assortments of sushi & sashimi, and beef Wellington. For dessert, I got mini churros and vending machine ice cream.The pros:- Short rib tacos- Shasimi & sushiThe cons:- Grilled meats were very dry, also the beef Wellington- Mini churros were hard and stale- Ice cream from the vending machine taste like any other buffet place back homeOur server was helpful but got all our drink orders wrong. I left full, dissaponinted, and unsatisfied.
3	Good lunch buffet but a few odd annoyances knock it down a star. First, why were we waiting for a table when over half the tables in the buffet were empty? On the plus side I suppose that wait gave me time to get hungrier. As for the buffet itself, the steak is excellent and the star of the show along with the BBQ pork ribs. There are also salad, bread, Asian, and sushi stations. All are worth a try but I mostly ate the meat rather than filling up on bread. The shrimp cocktail was excellent once it finally came but I was shrimp less for nearly the entire time as they were redoing the ice used in displaying the shrimp. I get that has to be done, but does that really justify closing the shrimp station for nearly an hour at lunch? The desserts are good as well, but I saw some jackass drop the tongs on the floor and put them back on the buffet. I noticed this and turned the tongs in to the buffet guy who replaced them, yuck. I was thisclose to eating a strawberry tart with a side of shoe dirt.I enjoyed this buffet and will be back, hopefully with shrimp available the whole time. My wife was horrified by how much food I ate so either that means the food was good or she thinks I'm a pig, not sure I want the answer to that one.
4	We definitely picked the right buffet.  Awesome selection of food, most of which was top notch.  Had great steak, salmon, mashed potatoes, and even eggs and bacon.  Star of the show was the dessert.  I sampled Cheesecake, Tiramisu, Carrot Cake, chocolate eclair and bread pudding.  Wanted to try the pecan pie but was too full!  Hooray Bellagio
4	Fat kids at heart unite at this buffet. Where else can you have eggs benedict, pizza and Chinese food all in one sitting? Why here of course! Add in the bottomless Mimosas on Saturday and you've got yourself one gluttonous meal. I ate myself silly here and enjoyed every bite. Believe it or not, their pizza is amazing. Give it a try! This is a plentiful meal with unlimited food options and you can easily eat yourself into a food coma. If you are looking for a fatty meal in Vegas, this is your spot.
3	Disclaimer: I do not eat seafood. If you are a huge seafood fan, this place will definitely be a 4 star, maybe even a 5 star for you. The Buffet at the Bellagio is very, very seafood heavy. I realize a lot of people love this aspect, and my boyfriend definitely enjoyed his king crab legs, sashimi, and other seafood dishes. But even for him, this was not the best Buffet experience. Overall, I thought it was a bit small. There wasn't a plethora of options, and overall I was not impressed with most of the food that I tried. I did enjoy the prime rib, which I was excited about. The turkey and mashed potatoes were pretty good too. The Asian and Italian dishes were all awful, and I tried multiple ones. The pizza did not look appealing at all. The saving grace was the taco bar and the dessert options. I especially enjoyed the chocolate eclairs and tiramisu. Also, despite the location at Bellagio, I felt that the Buffet decor was a bit dated and I was not impressed with it. Service was good though, and the price was reasonable. All in all though, I wouldn't go back. If you are a fan of seafood though, I would suggest checking it out.
2	I had a wonderful experience here in the early 2000s and was hoping to repeat it. I should've just let it be a good memory.....In short, food is decent, service is sub-par.  We arrive around 1:30 PM on a Tuesday, not a busy time at all. There were 7 in our party, not a small party, but by no mean a large one either. we waited 15 minutes while they prepared our table in a half full dining room. When the table was finally ready, instead of being led to our table, we felt like a herd of cows being rushed to the slaughter house. When we reached our table, a waitress was upset that my mom's wheelchair was on the new carpet and instructed us quite loudly and rudely to leave the wheelchair at the corner. When getting food at the carving station, instead of putting the food at the empty spot on my plate, the chef just pile it on other food items...sigh....This is something I expect in a Chinese buffet, not at the Buffet at Bellagio.During the meal, the waitress instructed us (loudly) to pass empty plates to the end of the table so that she can collect them......Oh! the food!, well it is decent and edible, but nothing to write home about. The only bright spot of the meal was one of the waitresses, who was very friendly and was joking with us the entire time. Overall, I find the employees here lacking basic manners and training, definitely not the level of service I expect at Bellagio.
4	I hate buffets. I almost never I try a buffet that is even remotely passable in terms of quality, taste and preparation. The Buffet at the Bellagio is one of those exceptions; in fact it by far surpasses any buffet I have ever found. Here you will find a huge selection of food, anything from beef, pork, lamb, seafood and even vegetarian. Everything I sampled would rival entrees from most any sit down restaurant you will find. For me the highlight was the Alaskan King Crab legs, they were perfectly cooked, large, meaty and pre-split. It's rare that I find crab of this quality. I find the prime rib equally prepared, cooked to a perfectly medium rare. The various pork and chicken dishes were excellent. Of the vegetable sides I sampled the mashed potatoes (real potatoes), green beans, corn, salad, etc., all were delicious. Of the few breads I sampled were also very good. In short this was a buffet that really was one of the best meals I had had in quite a while, I left satisfied and overstuffed. Now the bad, at just under $40 it's quite expensive. It's also a good idea to try and arrive just about opening, the lines can get quite long. Given the quality and variety of food it really isn't a bad deal in my view. Just make sure you're hungry when you go. For a buffet The Buffet it's as good as it gets.
3	Had lunch here the other day and it was ok. Not worth the $22 price tag, imo, but we had a comp, so for free it was fine.I had high expectations because of reviews and the fact that it is Bellagio, so maybe I just expected too much. Break down:Mashed potatoes and gravy were delicious, lol,Salmon was goodFried rice was very dried out (and we were there right at the start of lunch) Sliders were very rarePotato salad had super strong mustard seed seasonings (not my thing)Pizza was fineCheesecake desserts were yummyPumpkin pie was notTo me it didn't seem much better than a $10-$12 buffet, but you are paying twice that amount. I think Caesars buffet is a thousand times better and in the same price range. I wouldn't go again, unless it was a comp.
5	Going to the Bellagio for the first time later this year.  Looking forward to it.  I cannot BELIEVE the people complaining about paying $50 (or less) for all you can eat crab, prime rib and shrimp.  We're not loaded by any means, but $50 seems like a fair deal to me for high end fare.   All you can eat Alaskan King crab, shrimp and dessert, here I come.
4	The Buffet at Bellagio  was good and worth the lunch price of $21.00. Most buffets offer the same types of foods and desserts with a few new ones added or just on special occasions. Most of the selections at the Bellagio Buffet are unique. The pastas, pizza, meats and desserts were very good and could not be found in any other buffets.
1	Food is average. One note flavors. Nothing poor, nothing great regarding the food. Drinks were strong when we could get them. Service was negligent and nearly non existent. Pray you don't get Guadalupe as your server otherwise you will be elbow deep in dirty plateware, which is reprehensible at a buffet. Even after speaking to management the situation remained the same. Definitely would suggest avoiding the buffet.
3	Second time I have been to the Bellagio Buffet for lunch. Line took 30-45 mins on Saturday at 1:30pm surprisingly. The food has gotten considerably better since the last time I went. The selection here is slightly more than what Aria offers. It can be a bit misleading because the buffet is slightly mirrored so that one half has repeated items as the other side. The price is more expensive than Aria Buffet as well ($35 vs $25) approximately.Pros:- They have all you can eat shrimp cocktails. This is a good value for your money.- Wide variety of foods from sushi, pasta, asian cuisine, seafood, fruits, desserts, etc.- For ~$12 more, you can have all you can drink wines and certain mixed drinks like mimosas. Cons:- Personally, I don't enjoy the old feel of the place. Our table was wobbly and the wallpaper was faded. Aria was much more modern but then again, Aria was built more recently.- I was really disappointed at the wonton soup. There was a separate dish of shumai next to it and the wontons were literally shumais in bland soup. Quite embarrassing really.- Dessert selection was okay. Nothing very unique like cookies and fruit tarts.
3	Oh Bellagio! I have been wanting to try this buffet for the longest time. Ever since I started coming to vegas a few years back, I kept hearing about how good this place was. Well for brunch this past weekend, I must say I was just a tad bit disappointed.For $29.99 the price was pretty decent for a vegas buffet.. however, with that said, what you got was pretty mediocre.They had all the standard breakfast foods, sausages, bacon, eggs, waffles etc, but nothing fancy smancy. Like Jon B. said in his review, the food was just really average nothing more, nothing less.With the price, you get an average selection of breakfast food, some dim sum selections, prime rib, cocktail shrimp,  smoked ham and turkey, pastries, etc. There was a small sushi area with hand rolled spicy salmon which was probably the gem of the buffet. Otherwise, everything was just a bit forgettable in my opinion. Definitely not the best buffet in vegas, but not the worst either.
3	It doesn't live up to the hype.  The variety was decent and prime rib and lamb chops were good, but quality was overall lackluster.
5	This place is the best. The shrimp were large and had no veins. ( not like Rio ) . The king crab was precut. Very easy to eat. Prime rib was great. Worth every $. Best buffet I have been to for $32. Will be back.
4	Decent price for a buffet in Vegas.  The line was not more than 30 minutes on a Thursday night.  The food was decent.  There was nothing incredibly delicious.  The server was attentive and cheerful.  Good place to get your fat kid on.  There's a suggested 2 hour limit on your feasting though.
2	This one works out to a 2.5 actually, my husband giving it 3 and I a 2. The food was mediocre, selection limited and the desert seemed to cut corners (semi-sweet chocolate on strawberries?). My husband says the food was "A-ok," although he thinks (and I am inclined to agree) that may be because he eats meat and I do not. He reports that the glazed ham and prime rib were quite good. The ambiance, we both agree, was nice, but given the mixed performance on the food our experience did not live up to the Bellagio reputation - the reason we rounded down, not up, from the 2.5 median score.
3	Did the buffet at the B this weekend.  Normally, Hubby and I don't do buffets because we aren't big eaters, but we had time to kill, and decided to cross this off our bucket list.  Only had to wait 30 minutes before being seated for the luncheon buffet (12:30 pm).  Not bad.  We had a very enthusiastic server that brought beverages and advised on us what to try.True to Tony Bordain's admonitions, we avoided the salads -- too much of a filler, and after all, what is so exotic about a salad?  Of course, they did have a lot of interesting toppings and I am such a sucker for potato salad, but Hubby dissuaded me and off we went to the main events.Foie gras!  It was there in the Wellington.  We also sampled the lamb (nice and rare).  They were offering some delicious roasted baby veggies with truffles (couldn't taste them - but what the heck!) and house-made pastas.  We did not go for the crab and shrimp, but got our fix of oysters, clams, and mussels....and our fill of sea bass!Since there are so many other posts, won't go into details but will advise those coming here for the first time to:1.  Just get in line and quite whining about the wait.  It's Vegas...2.  Quite whining about the cost...with all the waiting, you are actually saving money because you aren't gambling it away.3.  Do slip a few bills to your server and ask nicely if they would get you bottled water and 'nicer' drinks...our's did!4.  Definitely take your time to do some recon before loading up the plate.5.  As Uncle Tony advised - avoid salads....while you're at it, avoid all the standard carving stations and go for the unusual ones.6.  The Asian items are 'meh' -- save your plate, stomach, and limited capacity to pig out on better items (for Asian - go off the strip to some local Asian dives!)7.  Don't bother with desserts - go back and get some more sea bass!8.  Cross this off your bucket list.
4	You are guaranteed to leave this place with a food baby/in a food coma. I mean there are seriously so many options from breakfast to pizza to pasta to sushi to fresh salads and meat. The crab legs are huge but they are freezing cold and cut in half which is sorta weird. They were a let down. During the week you can get bottomless champagne, beer or margs for $10 extra which is way worth it. they also were lacking in dessert options but i hadnt left much room for dessert anyway LOL
5	Best buffet my wife and I have ever been to. In fact I'd probably never even though about giving a buffet over 4 stars just because that's not possible one would think. Trick, we got there at 3:30 (lunch price) there was no line and beat the people at 3:45 when the line got long doing this. They switch over to dinner (where the real good food is) about 3:45-4 so you get the lunch prices while eating the dinner food. Just take a while and wait for the change over you will not regret it. Also a lot seem to complain about the service but my iced tea was always full and we never had a bunch of extra plates laying around.Most all the food we tried was excellent, sit down restaurant quality. Beef Wellington with foie gras King (and snow) Crab Pork BellySushiLamb ChopsCaviarWahooSea BassPrime RibSo many other dishes I forget... And the deserts, ridiculous. We're not big buffet people anymore (7-10 years ago maybe, but not anymore we like service) but this is one stop that will be a vegas staple. I've probably been to 10 different Vegas buffets over the years (some at other 5* hotels and some not) the only other one I'd probably go back to besides this one at this point is the Sunday Brunch at Paris and even that doesn't rival this one.
5	Never disappointing, and the food is always fresh and variety is wide...  I'm not sure what type of traveler or diner will give the Bellagio Buffet a negative review, but to me, a frequent visitor, it hits the spot to fight those hunger pangs...  My future wife and I went there at 5PM on Wednesday, and the legendary lines were non-existent!  Once seated, it was time to select our food.  The sushi bar, hot food and salads were top notch, and fresh seafood was not fishy smelling or just sitting there.  Only gripe was with the "Kobe Beef", which was on the tough side.  Other than that, the king crab legs, their pizza and cooked seafood was excellent, not to mention the fancy desserts, which was hard to pass up, even on a full stomach.  Service was attentive, and everyone received attention, not only the so-called "high roller" types, the seats were comfortable, and tables were set in a way where you don't intrude in other people's space while dining.I believe that though you don't go to the weekend "gourmet" buffet dinner for an extra $3-4 bucks, a regular weekday evening buffet is just perfect, even for families.  It was by virtue of two comp dinners through MyVegas that we both enjoyed the experience, and will always go back for more when visiting Bellagio again in the future!
2	It just a BUFFET that is all I have to say about it it!Actually they have way too much food but when you pay $30+ dollars they feel that they must overdo the amounts on feature.I did not find anything to be outstanding in any way.Would I go back......probably not but they already have my bucks!
4	We went here last trip and we weren't impressed.  We went back this time and found the food was better than last time.  They had a great variety of choices, fresh fruits and salads.  We were seated quickly.  I would recommend the buffet here.
2	Back in the day this used to be THE buffet to go to. I was excited to try it again  but was very disappointed. I enjoyed eating the raw rish, but some of the other food didn't taste very fresh. The meat options were also tough and overcooked. The caviar bar was underwhelming and they limit you to 3 small servings per each visit to the area. As vegas buffets go, for the price I'd much rather spend my time eating at wicked spoon or bacchanal.
4	Great King Crab!We wanted some good King Crab legs and searched online resources for reviews.  We ended up coming to The Buffet at Bellagio.  Cost was about $40 each (weekend rate for Gourmet Buffet).  The crab was great!  Ate so much of it, we didn't sample much of the other food.  If you're looking for great King Crab - try The Buffet.
2	Came here around 12:30pm Food was good but not great. Favorites were the pastas. The meats were ok. Flank steak had minimal flavor. Mashed potatoes with gravy were average. Ribs required effort to try to get the meat off the bone. Desserts were ok. Overall would not come here again. Aria buffet was better.
3	The wait is not as bad as it used to be. The food is always fresh. I like that when I have them make me a spicy tuna handroll, I can ask for little or no rice. They serve the crab legs here over ice, but you can have them heat it up for you. There's always a decent variety of desserts. I would say that this place did get booted from one of my favorite buffet spots ever since Bacchanal opened. I would stick to only going here for dinner because the lunch selection is pretty limited. Servers are always great. I can't say the same about the front of house staff.During one of our visits in June '12. I rolled up in a group of 10, and the rude hostess (her name was Marlene) was annoyed that we had a line pass to bypass the line. I was staying at MGM that time and they somehow accidently deleted my card on file during check-in so I had issues charging to the room, which rude Marlene started taunting me about and talking shit. Yes, I may look young and we may have looked like broke punkass kids, but fuck you bitch! I quickly shut her up when I just decided to pay the entire bill in cash. It was brought to the attention of a manager, but there was no follow-up so I'm not sure if rude Marlene was reprimanded or not.
4	We stayed next door to the Bellagio and decided to try out their buffet after a long Internet search on "who has the best buffer in Vegas". Our wait in line was bearable, but you can definitely find yourself in a long line, especially for breakfast and dinner times. This is supposed to be the best buffet in Vegas. I can say that the food quality is top notch and you don't feel ripped off after paying 50 or so dollars per person. it offers a massive and wide array of food options...it's like you died and went to Vegas food heaven. Good food and experience!
3	I like this buffet. Lots of choices. Good food. Clean place. Good staff. Although the wait is long for what it is. I'm ok with it. The food is pretty decent. Dessert station is ok. I wish there would be more options or something unique to remember them by like other high end Vegas buffets, but can't really complain. There are better buffets around now on the strip. Used to be a top contender but getting out dated. Needs some sprucing up, menu re-vamping. Staff is GREAT THO! Very nice, quick, accommodating! I'd give staff alone 5/5.
5	Get an M Life Card. Cut the line! Just saying, it will be a monstrous line if you go at the wrong time.There's likely not much I can add to the conversation cause this place is amazing.  If you come to this buffet and say, there's nothing I want.  You must never ever ever eat.  They have everything.  They're not going to rush you out, so I'd say take your time.  Do a lap, scope out the goods.  See where the lines are, what's going to to be restocked soon, and then make a plan. Then eat.  Get your money's worth, don't plan stuff right after.  Make it a ice chill night that pull do some walking to sight. Walk off the destruction you've just caused.It's worth it, I loved it, I ate my face off.
4	My wife, children and myself went here last July on a Sunday for lunch which ended us being Sunday Brunch. We waited in line an hour to pay and when we got to the register the cost was more then their online advertised price on the website. We asked for management and they were reluctant to give a price adjustment but in the end they gave us an offer that made up for the difficulty. I will say they have an online advertised price of 20.99 for lunch "daily" it's not daily, it's only Mon-Fri. The online advertised price for weekend brunch is $27.99 and the price at the register is $31.99. We came at 1pm. We were hoping for more of a lunch but there was more of a breakfast- brunch variety. There were at least 4 eggs, bacon and sausage stations which I thought was a bit much... There were two omelette stations which were good, and there was a carving station with turkey and prime rib. The prime rib was very rare, the turkey was delicious. It was difficult to find someone to carve as the only person in the area was manning the omelets. There was no powdered sugar for the French toast the whole time we were there the bowl remained empty... But the French toast was good without it and the syrup was nice and warm.  If you like sushi or Asian food there was a nice selection of fresh rolls and such... The desserts were beautifully presented and tasted delicious. Overall it is one of the better buffets, next time we come to Vegas we will do the dinner buffet as we really didn't want breakfast at 1pm.
2	Alright, so I paid a good $40 dollars (including tip) of my hard earned money to eat here cause I've heard so much about it. My parents told me I needed to go because the food and selections are just incredible. After the longest half-hour of my life waiting in line, and apparently that's a shorter wait. It was after 7pm so thankfully most the tourists already ate.The selections are alright, I've seen better. The taste wasn't that great. I was extremely disappointed with that! I've been to a better buffet down in Vegas, and that's at Rio.Although, I'll give it to my waiter, and cooks behind the food - they were very, very friendly.Oh, but here's a negative. I'm not even sure if it's the only bathroom in there, it would be ridiculous if there was. But I believe I remember only 3 STALLS IN THE BATHROOM!? You're kidding rght????No, I would never come here again. People create such a hype for no reason at all.
5	Excellent buffet! By far my favorite! From fresh caviar, real crab legs, duck to real bread.
2	I had high expectations for Bellagio's buffet. We had stayed at the MGM 6 times previously. We decided to stay at the Belaggio  this time. EVERYTHING is better at the Bellagio.except the buffet....I am a foodie and went to the MGM buffet more than 10 times. It has TONS of choices and actually wasn't bad...I was expecting much better from Bellaggio based on reading reviews... SO disappointed. If you like fewer choices and shoe leather than this is your place. Otherwise, I swear, with the exception of the salads, the sweet potatoes and the marinated cucumbers at the sushi bar, EVERYTHING else got thrown out on my plate. I kept trying things since I figured SOMETHING must be good here.  Here is what I tried : chow mein. It was all right. Crab legs: Over cooked and way too salty and gristly. mashed potatoes: Not bad. Sweet potatoes : AWESOME. Sushi: Rice was horrible, shrimp tempura was OLD and way too salty. Char sui: BLAND , tasteless and I spit it out. Salads: Fresh and very good. Cous cous: too salty and blah. Shrimp cocktail: Hard to screw up defrosting shrimp so ,not bad. Roast: Overcooked and tasteless.cucumber salad at sushi bar: Tasty but OLD.Beef bourguignon: carrots undercooked, and HEAVY oregano taste. Yuck. Smoked trout: Good. Salmon: Absolutely tasteless.....! Manicotti: NO flavor... bland pasty with NO flavor in tomato sauce.... again I threw it all out. I tried teh butternut squash with cinnamon: It tasted like someone microwaved it and didn't even finish the job: TASTELESS and undercooked... anyway, on top of all of this, the smoke from the Casino,  gets sucked into the entire buffet area. I have asthma so this was awful. I asked the manager how it could smell like smoke. She explained the place acted like a vacuum. It pulled all the smoke into the buffet... OMG.. anyway, the line was also 30 minutes. We will NEVER go back. I asked for a refund from my hotel it was so bad. I have never done that before. My husband is sick and laying next to me  because of the food. guess it was good I barely ate. Plus it was more expensive than MGM. My advice: If you want a decent buffet, go to the MGM.
4	The food was ok, I really enjoyed the selection of salad. The dessert however was really really good. There was a really large variety and everything came in cute bite sized portions. I really enjoyed the cheesecake and the mousse.
3	The place is fine but definitely not outstanding.  I was not impressed by any single item. However it does have a large selection of fruits and deserts.  I don't understand the concept of ice-cold crab legs in Vegas. You can literally chew ice crystals from these crab legs, not a huge fan. In my opinion, this buffet is not the best but not the worst either.
1	We can for dinner as we arrived to Vegas. I just remember it being cheap but forgot that the selection is limited. Their food is dry and not so tasty. Dessert looks good, but not enough to get me back here ever again.
3	We had the breakfast buffet...nothing to write home about. I was not impressed, and expected better from the Bellagio.
1	We had dinner at the Bellagio Buffet last night. The service was OK. Our server was great but kind of forgot about us towards the end of our visit. The food was cold. The only good thing there was the crab legs because they're suppose to be cold and the tacos because it was freshly made. The food was under a single lamp that didn't heat the food at all. We let the server know that the food was cold and he told the manager that was in charge. All she did was come over to ask what the problem was and said she was going to talk to the chief. Have no idea what actually happened though because we didn't see her after that. Half the buffet was closed as well so there wasn't that many options. I must say i rather go to the Rio buffet. For a high end casino this was a horrible experience.
1	The worst the level of food is like a holiday inn.  Nothing fresh all made hours ago even salads all drenched and vile
1	It was really really disappointing. Nothing was tasty. Several things were inedible. Definitely not worth the money spent.
2	Extremely overpriced for what you get. You end up paying nearly $50 if you get bottomless mimosas. That really isn't as great as it sounds. I'm sure their dinner is better. But their lunch selection is not all that special. Maybe it's because they serve a lot of breakfast foods, and I'm not a huge fan of those types of food. Their banana hazelnut toast was interesting and fresh, but a huge portion to say the least. Their omelets were fresh and made to serve so you can customize it in which ever way you'd like. I'd say my favorite entree there would be the bleu cheese pasta. But that was about it. Their soups were boring, salmon was dry, and chicken skewers looked cool but were really just cold and tough. I just felt like it was a dressed up hometown buffet.. nothing special. I probably could've done more with that $50 out on the floor of the casino because I didn't have much of an appetite for their food.
2	A buffet of average. Everything is okay, nothing is bad, but for bellagio you'd expect a little more. It's not expensive relative to other buffets but it's not cheap either. They seem to have conceded to being average, and they shouldn't have.
3	We ate here 8 years ago and man was it great and memorable.  Now 8 years later it seems The Buffet has had it's share of downfalls when it comes to the quality and taste of the food.Selections were a bit common and nothing that stood out from everyday fare.  Nice thing is that the prices have dropped tremendously.
5	This is a high class buffet with great service and a rather good price, especially for what you get.  The food is displayed in an appetizing way, and none of it appears or tastes like cheap buffet food I've come to be used to.  Servers come by regularly to check on you, even though they do not have to do much. The staff is friendly and helpful.  Good experience and tasty food.
4	And what to complain? Its the third best buffet in Vegas so I expect a lot, but never I would have thought that their selection is that HUGE!!! They offer a great selection, from salmon tartar, Japanese food, Pasta, Seafood---hmm,, ill rethink, a cold snowcarb but no king crab? Service is okay, decor is a bit outdated but buffet is recommended!
3	This was my first time at The Buffet and I was looking forward to giving it a spin after hearing so many good things. Unfortunately I got sick. I'm not sure what did it, but two others in my group also weren't feeling too hot afterwards.I've been to around 7-8 buffets in Vegas, and in terms of selection and quality and taste The Buffet is up there but isn't the best for any. I'd probably rank it 4 stars but it loses a star for getting me and part of my crew sick.Worth the money and the lineups? Perhaps, but you have to be in the mood.
2	$48 for holiday dinner pricing. This was my second time at this buffet and I remembered the first time being so much better. This time the food was really dry, bland, and the steak was really hard. I'm not really sure why people wait in line for this place. If it wasn't for a buffet line pass that I had I don't think I would ever come here. It is also very crowded at certain parts and I think during this experience I saw at least 4 people dropping their plates on the floor. Where were those strawberries?
2	We hear about the buffet at Bellagio so I made decision to try it even my husband and I don't like to eat buffet. We spent almost $90 for both for brunch today Christmas Day. The food not good, the sushi area only 3 kinds, the shrimp cocktail does not fresh, dry ham, Chinese  food only 3 different kind, dessert okay but the cheese cake salty . Will never come back again, we rather go to the restaurant over at The Venetian the best service and the foods is excellent , grand Lux Cafe is the bomb. Bellagio please improve your buffet to get better and worth it for the $ people pay you. the hotel is beautiful but the buffet is really bad.
3	I was really looking forward to going to the buffet at the bellagio ever since seeing it on chow down countdown on travel channel. I had high expectations but was underwhelmed after the experience. The food was good but nothing super memorable. I say this and am harsh because for the price I was expecting way more. Maybe I shouldn't have had such high expectations? Pictures attached
4	Mussels, sea bass, sashimi are really good. Unfortunately, the dessert is really a disaster. I made a mistake by going during holiday season. The line was 3 hrs and we went for lunch then ended up in dinner. The price was high, 48+tax, overpriced.
3	Thanks to my uncle who is a Vegas VIP of sorts, he treated us to dinner at the $50 holiday buffet. His status allowed us to bypass to the front of the line. Entering close to 10PM, we were told in line that dinner service would 10:20PM, however we word be able to stay until 11PM. The food was decent, much better then the Paris buffet that we tried in a past year. I enjoyed the wide variety of foods that they offered. The crab legs seemed popular but I chose not to try it. I did not care for their Kobe beef (most certainly false advertising) as it was tough and chewy. I would also pass on the ham which was dry and salty. However, the assortment of Asian inspired and Italian pasta dishes were savory, with the right amount of oily and creaminess respectively. I also enjoyed their peppermint cheesecake for dessert but was sad they already turned off their ice cream maker at that time. All in all, I was able to enjoy two of the three plates I had and that is enough to give this buffet a thumbs up.
1	Waiting a looooooooong time for the holiday meal was the terrible experience at Christmas night, and the food was not as good as expected!
5	After our bad experience the first visit, my wife decided to give it another try just because they have lamb chops.  We went early this time (4:30), still waited over an hour in line.  But well worth it this time. Everything except the Kobe beef was delicious.  Wife had the lamb, kids went to town on the crab legs, I had prime rib, beef flank and sea bass all night.  Everything had flavor, except the Kobe beef.  Much better selection than Bacchanal. Only gripe I have is kids have to pay full price (3 yrs old and older) $48 for a 4 yr old is kinda ridiculous.
4	Holiday buffets are now nearly $50, and the value proposition is starting to lose its glitter.  I also detect a slight cheapening, and a willingness to substitute for even the premium items listed on the promotion-board outside the restaurant (for example, the promised Peking Duck was changed to a forgetable grilled duck breast).
3	Quick tips incoming!1. This buffet is located in the center of the gaming floor in the Bellagio casino.2. The line appears to move much more quickly than that of other buffets. So don't fret about a long line! Realistically it's a pretty short wait when compared to Bacchanal.3. On the little island area next to the bar, there are several made to order dishes. You must ask a person to make you what is behind the counter! Don't hesitate to ask.One thing about this buffet, that seems to have happened to my girlfriend and me was the fact that every time we went it felt like we were getting diminishing returns on our enjoyment of this place.First off, I must say that if Yelp were to allow us to rate their level of service and the food, I would almost give it five stars. There have been some problems when we pay for our buffet from pretty shoddy and downright awful service. What I mean by this is, on a few occasions, the people who were taking our money were absolutely impolite. One time, we tried to charge our room at a different MGM resort. However, the lady taking the money was not having it since the system was not really working properly. She angrily told us to pay with a credit card or with cash or get out. Anyways, besides service problems at intake, the servers and bussers in the buffet area are always top notch. I have never had to complain about a server. They are incredibly efficient and thoughtful with your needs.The second thing, that results in such a low rating then is that the food just isn't as good as it is every time we go. Like I said about diminishing returns, it seems that every time we go to the buffet the food gets worse and worse and more and more unappetizing. For example, we LOVED their prime rib. We couldn't stop raving about how awesome it was all the way home and to our friends. However, after our last few trips, we were so disappointed by the quality and dryness of the meat.As for the desserts, it feels like the Bellagio is caught in some sort of timewarp. They are still trapped in the early 2000s where soft-serve ice cream is the norm for most buffets. I don't know why they haven't updated to gelato or at least scoopable ice cream.Anyways, the Bellagio Buffet is still an iconic part of the Vegas strip! You should still try it out to see if you like it. Happy eating! :)
3	It's not the best buffet in Vegas anymore, that's for sure. I almost want to give it 2 stars, but I think it's still better than most buffets. I came here a couple of days before Christmas because my friend had a front of the line pass. I was so glad he had that because the line looked pretty long. It was nice to just be able to walk in. It cost $48 because of holiday prices, but it didn't seem that worth it. They had Alaskan King Crab legs and the standard snow crab legs and prime rib. They even had a Kobe round, which looked better than it tasted. The meat was tough and not good at all. I should have figured when the lady took forever slicing everybody else's meat and didn't even bother with mine, so I ended up with a thick 1 1/2 inch piece. Both types of crab legs were not very tasty. The dessert offerings did not include crepe and gelato, which I thought was standard fare for the higher end buffets. Everything I tasted was just bleh and not worth the price.I've been to Bellagio quite a few times before and used to regard it as one of the better buffets in Vegas. After this last time though, I was really disappointed and probably won't be returning anytime soon.
2	We came a few days before Christmas and of course we had to pay for the holiday pricing of close to $50/person (which was to be expected during the holiday; not complaining about the price). The line extended all the way outside and around the buffet. I took this as a good indication of how good the food was going to be.We were quickly seated (had the front of the line pass). It took awhile before someone came to get our drinks. Seem like they were a bit understaffed that evening.ONTO THE FOOD:Pho Station: Not really a pho station since they didn't even have the pho rice noodles. Instead you get to pick either udon or mei fun (Chinese cellophane rice noodles; yes these were rice noodles but they're not the ones you find in your standard bowl of pho). The broth was either the dark broth (which honestly tasted like can beef broth; very salty) or the vegetable broth (which tasted funny). Definitely suggest you skip this station.Hand Roll:To my excitement I saw sheets of seaweed next to the sushi bar. I asked if those were for hand rolls and the guy said yes. So I asked for a California hand roll...  Nope, only roll they make there is spicy tuna hand roll. Great for tuna lovers, not so great for me.Crab Legs:They had 2 separate areas where you can find the crab legs. (Good job! Crowd control.) Once you select your legs, you can ask one of the staff to heat it up for you. The legs were hit or miss. It's mostly just ok tasting legs with the occasional super yummy/sweet legs in between.Salad Bar:Who pays for a $50 buffet to eat salad? I do! (Mainly because everything else just looked whatever... so sad) I have to say, this was the highlight of my buffet experience. Three types of greens you can select from. A variety of toppings.Dessert:Lots to choose from. Portion was nice and small so you are able to try everything. I love flan so I had to try one of those. It was just ok. Didn't bother finishing it. OVERALL:Would I come here again? I don't think so. For that price I would rather eat at Bacchanal.What a disappointing first and last meal here :(
4	Came here for their New Years Eve serving which I'm guessing is different from other nights, but wow, I'm impressed.Beef Wellington, lobster, king crab, Alaskan crab, sashimi, caviar, etc., I walked out of this place in pain since I couldn't stop eating.  Yeah the price was a little steep at $75 for a buffet, but what do you expect when you have lobster tails right?  Oh yeah, don't forget about the dessert, flan, creme brulee...
2	I'm not sure about the previous reviews, but I definitely think that the Bellagio buffet has decreased in quality since I last came to Vegas. Price/Wait timeWe came a few days before New Years so of course, like any other buffet, we paid 'holiday' pricing of about $47 per person. The line wasn't long and we were quickly seated within 30 minutes (fast for 7PM), which worried me a bit. Really kind server; she took our drinks and kept coming back to check on us and refill our drinks. Food:- If you love Asian food, or anything remotely related to pho, please DO NOT try the pho. They don't have typical pho rice noodles; it is just other Chinese noodles. The 'beef' broth is dark colored and very salty. It did not taste anything close to pho. It was more like canned broth, not really fresh. The sushi bar had tuna and salmon poke, assorted sashimi, and the only hand rolls available are the spicy tuna hand rolls. The spicy tuna hand roll must be specifically requested; spicy tuna and rice portions are small, but the seaweed used is good. Try the hand roll if you like tuna, but I recommend staying away from everything else. I've lived in Shanghai with the bad air and street food cooked with gutter oil so I have a strong stomach, but I'm pretty sure it was the weird tasting tuna and salmon poke that caused me to have diarrhea several hours later. BEWAREThey had 2 separate areas where you can find the crab legs. It makes it nice since there isn't a huge crowd fighting for crabs. The crabs were okay. I had some that I just ate ice. The crab itself didn't have much flavor. I just dipped the crab into some butter and added lemon juice on, but other than that, it was just okay. The meat was good. They had prime rib and kobe beef that I loved. 5/5 for sure!I think my favorite party of the entire buffet...was the salad bar. Sadly, it was only because everything else just alright. They have a selection of three greens and a variety of toppings and dressings. Oil and vinegar are on the side of the bar. Definitely get some salad and add some prime rib pieces into it. It'll make your night, since everything else...won't.Dessert was just alright. I didn't finish anything. Portions are small, which is nice, so you don't feel like you've wasted too much food when you don't finish. There is a pretty big selection. Overall, most likely not coming back. Food: 2/5. Service: 4/5. Overall: 2/5.
2	First off, from Christmas to New Years the price goes up to around $50 a head - almost 50% for what looks like the same food that they normally serve.  Crab legs are split in half which makes it difficult to separate the meat from the cartilage.  They're also served frozen, and when I mean frozen expect more ice crystals in your mouth than tasty meat.  FAIL.  The "Kobe" beef was served almost well done which would be sacrilege if it actually were real Kobe beef.  The Prime Rib was actually the tastiest meat I had.  I forget which piece of fish I grabbed, but it had the juiciness and consistency of cardboard so I didn't bother with any other fish.  The mussel dishes were also pretty gross - overcooked and dry.  Most of the rest that I tried was pretty average for a casino buffet, nothing that justified the Bellagio premium or the holiday ripoff rate.  I for one will never be returning.
4	This is a quality buffet.  Bellagio doesn't disappoint.  Everything about this buffet is above average, from service down to the food.  It's a bit pricier, but it's soo worth it.  Every time I go to Vegas, I come here for lunch.  I really get what I pay for and it's Delicious.  I hope you agree when you take a bite out of a juicy slice of steak or a warm baked cookie.  It's soo good...I wish I could fit more food in my stomach to try everything.
4	I've been here three times, and each time has been a pleasant experience. The food is excellent, and the waitstaff tries their best to keep our drinks filled up, but a lot of the times, they are either understaffed or extremely busy and you would have to wait awhile to get your water filled. Overall, there is a great selection of high quality food. I am definitely planning to come back the next time I'm in Vegas again.
5	We came here on a Friday night after Christmas.  The price was high but there was so much food I think it is worth it in Las Vegas.  I later read that this was rated either number 2 or 3 as the top buffet.  The top one, I believe charges over $30 more, so I think Bellagio was worth it being less.
3	Due to the long line at the buffet at Caesars Palace, I came here for dinner before the Celine Dion concert. I thought the seafood and desserts were going to be good because of the price I paid. The snow crabs were all half frozen and I had to have them steamed before I could eat them. The desserts were okay but way worse than I expected. The Asian food was also disappointed: the Chinese broccoli was nearly tasteless and the miso soup tasted like soy sauce in water. The only thing I liked was the smoked salmon. The tuna poke was also good. But I don't think I will return any time soon.
1	I waited an hour to get into this place and for what? To eat mediocre food that I could have gotten at any other buffet. The only thing worth eating here was the kobe beef and a couple of the desserts. Those are the only positive things I can say about this place. The interior was nice but it's to be expected since it's located inside the Bellagio hotel.
5	Good food, nice service. No line today. Lucky me. This is my first time here. My first stop in Las Vegas. Everything goes well. I'm happy. Going to walk on the strip after this.
4	Variety, Variety, Variety, Variety.  No family can go wrong in satisfying multiple wants at this buffet.  If the line was stupid long I probably would not eat here, but we caught brunch at the right time and all went well.
2	$50 for frozen crab legs. I mean, it was honestly crab-flavored ice in a shell. The melted dipping butter was even lukewarm. The saving grace actually was the pizza. They had 5 different pies and the crust was tasty and the cheese was a good melty consistency. BUT I don't want to pay $50 for pizza. The prime rib was good, the ginger glazed carrots were phenomenal, the macaroni and cheese was watery. The dessert selection was just okay -- the typical cheesecakes and colored squares of mystery. I had a sundae (in case you were wondering).All of the food just seemed mediocre. And that makes me sad. Maybe I'm not made for buffets because I always expect fresher food.
4	Gluten free pizza available upon request. This is a sign of the times.  Let's be honest, Bellagio may not be the latest and greatest hot buffet in Sin City but it' never disappoints and you know what?  the wait time is not 1.5 hours like a few Buffets I won't mention.  The Shrimp cocktail here hasn't shrunk in size and they still offer a good selection of the staple common dishes as well as a few popular trendy items.  Personally they have the best pastry chef.  Case in point, their creme brulee.
5	I come here for the Alaskan king crab legs and that's about it.  Totally worth the money just for that!
2	Such a disappointment for the price :( Paid almost $60 for dinner during the holidays and it was a 2 hour wait.  The only way to get in front of the line was to pay $20 and that was way too expensive. First of all, they sat me first while my friends were still paying and the hostess said they would tell them to go to where I was after they paid.  After waiting for 10 minutes for my friends, I get a phone call from my friend saying they were seated somewhere else on the other side of the buffet. Unorganized and I just got there.  I went here after being turned away from Bacchanal Buffet in Caesars palace because they weren't taking any more people.  If this is your first Vegas buffet, you probably would be impressed because they do have a lot of food.  However, if you've been to Bacchanal Buffet this place is a rip off especially in the dessert section. I have a big sweet tooth so I love going to Vegas Buffets specifically for their dessert. I don't know if I came on a bad day but they barely had any dessert choices.  There was no gelato, crepes,  and they ran out of macarons. There weren't even any strawberries.  They only had some pastries, cakes, and soft serve, and I think the best thing they had was the creme brulee.  For $50 I expect a feast, and I definitely did not get that.  The only thing that was worth it was the Prime Rib which was delicious, but I can't get over the fact that their dessert was not good at all. The waiters were friendly though, but for being in one of the nicest hotels in Vegas, I sure hope they improve in the future.
3	We came here for New Year's Brunch. I would've rated it better at its normal price of $17.99, but at the holiday price of $35.99, it just wasn't good enough. There was a solid 30-minute wait around 12:30 p.m., but once we were in, it was free flowing. The service staff is very nice, but it was difficult to track them down at times when you needed a refill or new utensils. Food-wise, it just didn't blow me away. The Alaska snow crab legs and King crab legs were definitely crowd favorites, and the bluenose was incredible. The various stations also had some good stuff. But the sushi was completely off and the dessert wasn't up to par. The dessert! That's like the key to a good buffet. (Well, not really, but you get my sentiments.) Overall, go if it's the regular price and if you enjoy seafood. Otherwise, probably won't be as good as you expected for your dollars' worth.
5	We came for Sunday brunch and the price was very fair, about $37. The wait wasn't too bad, only around 45 minutes.I know you're not suppose to fill up on carbs at buffets, but man, the pizza was so good I could not resist. They has a seafood pizza with shrimp and it was for reals so heavenly *drool*. Also, the crab was great, the duck was yummy and honestly, I didn't have anything that I didn't like.I really want to come back here for dinner sometime! So far it's been my fave buffet in Vegas. I'd choose this place over Wicked Spoon for sure.
4	It's been a while, but I definitely remember this buffet being really good. Honestly can't go into specifics because it's been too long, but this was definitely my favorite buffet in Vegas before Bacchanal opened up. Owe it to yourself to go and enjoy it!
5	We did brunch buffet here and it was truly delicious. So much variety. I most enjoyed the prime rib, chow mein, and carrot cake. Worth the money.
5	Lunch price is pretty fair during the week. $25.99 for a pretty great buffet. The standard salad bar is provided, but not as many toppings offered here than other buffets. They have the usual pizza, about 3 different choices. They have 3 different pastas, and a ton of bread and butter. Glad to see a sushi section. Only rolls for lunch, they later bring salmon and tuna sashimi for dinner (3:30 pm). There is also miso soup, shrimp cocktail and pre-made salads. Pesto mashed potatoes, Mac and cheese, and finally the crab arrives for dinner!The best part... Dessert. Almost everything was excellent... Except the chocolate domes and carrot cake. I just wish there was a little more variety here. The quality is very good for a buffet, but not excellent. I would come back hands down!
3	Definitely worth the money. Not the best of atmospheres.
3	We went for the breakfast buffet which is at $ 20. There was a queue outside but when we got in there were empty tables so don't understand the queue. The server was good kept topping up our orange juice regularly. The ambience is not so great though. There is an omlette live counter which is quite good n they have crabmeat and shrimp as toppings. There was also salads, pizza, softee machine, fruits etc. What we really liked were the omlettes, danish, almond croissants, turkey sausage,waffles. Most stuff was good. Pancakes weren't tat great though, there was a guy making them but I guess the backlog made them cold n not so fresh. The muffins were dry. Not bad overall though. Definitely worth a try.
4	The staff was really patient with my extremely fussy young son. The price is amazing and the food is delicious, especially for the price. Not the best buffet in Vegas, but definitely very nice, I would eat there again.
4	I would probably give it a 3.5, but I'm rounding up because it was great service and good food, despite being a little pricey.  Lots of stuff was very good--prime rib, roasted chicken and turkey, "blue nose" (that was the label....does that mean I ate dolphin? Flipper?! I hope not :-( ) and lots of the veggies, creamed spinach being the da best (also yummy--acorn squash, squash soup, broccolini, carrots, mini potatoes).  Desserts were good as well.  We made it for the weekday lunch (around $26) but came later, so we also got to eat the dinner food for the lunch price (since you pay when you walk in).  Overall good, but for the money, I'd chose the buffet at Wynn or Cosmopolitan's Wicked Buffet.  (Have not eaten at Caesar's Bacchanal Buffet, a little pricier but also probably great).
5	The prime rib melted in my mouth. I could have eaten just the mashed potatoes and been happy.  The carrot cake and brownie were superb. This is high end food prepared by professionals who know how to cook. Well worth the $35 I paid late on a Sunday evening.  The server was attentive and was tipped accordingly. My husband and I enjoyed the food so much, we will be returning again and again, and I live 3000 miles away.
5	I would love to give this place 5 stars but the lack of green bean casserole kept it from happening. The arrogance in the planning in the buffet is most apparent in the void that was not having green bean casserole.One year for thanksgiving my mother attempted my grandpas famous recipe and failed miserably.  She had been drinking since four am and ash rested on top of the over boiling gravy from what was at least two packs of stress induced cigarettes she smoked while trying to make dinner for 14 on short notice.  While she isnt much of a chef, the people here clearly are so why couldn't they perfect and serve such a simple dish?Get your shizz together and maybe next time you will get all the stars you deserve!
4	We went for breakfast on Friday Morning and it was really good and well worth the wait. I really enjoyed the eggs Benedict. The buffet has a lot to offer and I really enjoyed that they would make your French toast right in front of you. The selection was above average and the food quality could be tasted. The waiter was very nice and kept our drinks full. It was about a 20 minute wait which we didn't mind. We would def eat here again.
5	The buffet at the Bellagio is my favorite in all of Las Vegas! They have a wide selection of choices from all around the world. I really liked their sushi and "Asian" cuisine. They have a little bit of everything for everyone so you cannot go wrong. The price is up there, but it's well worth it if your a big eater. Make sure to give them your players card to receive points. Also, if you go near the transition times you might be able to enjoy some "extra" options that you didn't pay for.
1	It was our first time eating here. The food was just tooooo salty for my taste such as the cream spinach and tacos. The Kobe beef was tough in texture. The strawberries were tart and not sweet. You could see that there were a lot of the staff  in the dining room area chatting amongst themselves. Overall experience was poor. It was a waste of  my money. Will not recommend.
3	The price was fair for lunch buffet.$22.99 for lunch before tax. Worth to try the steak and shrimp cocktail. Normal salad bar, pizza, Asian food. No sashimi for lunch. Desert was pretty good, but compare to other buffet, not much variety. Won't come back for lunch buffet.
4	Go here when you're extremely hungry. The Alaskan king crab was amazing, but a bit too chilled. However, they crack those babies up for you in half so you just need to scoop them out with your knife/fork. The smoked salmon? Mmm. They also have mini salmon tarts set in a little phyllo bowl - great bites. Dessert section? I prefer the strawberry tart - amazing. Prime rib? Always cooked at a medium, but the cooks will be more than happy to put it in the grill to increase that well-done-ness. They also have a sushi bar, and the chefs there can make you a onigiri with spicy tuna - yum. Service was pretty efficient. Prices are pretty okay considering they have that much seafood going on.
4	Worth every penny of the $86 tab for two people. The flavors POPPED in every dish.Very nice selection and the staff was a great help constantly coming around asking if you want drinks and clearing your table.I know it's simple but the chicken noodle soup is a must try.
4	This buffet was my favorite for many years, but gradually they went downhill for a while and I stopped going there ... it was like they just got cheap and the prices didn't warrant that.  I then went to Wynn for a lot of years before giving Bellagio another chance last weekend.  OK ... they are doing better.  I would say they currently are on a par with Wynn and Wynn recently seems to have raised prices.  Bellagio is edging them out for value.  Wynn was running very close to $50 and it was early afternoon and not crab time.  Bellagio was cheaper than that and it was dinner prices.
1	We tried the buffet for lunch on a Friday afternoon and were very disappointed.  The service was basically nonexistent from the time we sat down, and getting a refill on a mimosa or a bloody mary took almost 10 minutes.  The atmosphere was cramped and felt claustrophobic, with people and dirty dishes sitting around everywhere.  There are no windows in the restaurant so the lighting is also very artificial and seems to cast a strange yellow glow over the room.  Not my idea of what a $38 buffet should be.  The food.  Oh, the food.  Bellagio has really dropped the ball on this one.  All of their other restaurants (including in-room service), really have excellent food, but everything here was just mediocre.  The soups were under seasoned, and the breakfast items all greasy and overcooked.  The sushi and seafood looked fresh, but upon tasting it back at the table I could tell that it was not of the quality I had come to expect of the property.  The "fresh" fruit was terrible, and the chefs/dining staff refilling stations during our visit were messy and impolite. Needless to say, we will not be going back.  There are MUCH better buffets on the Strip that I would visit.  Cheers!
5	After eating at the bacchanal at the Cesar palace no buffet was good enough for me But last night my family and I gave the buffet at the bellagio a try and it was amazingly  good  worth every penny,Good taste good quality and good price It is small comparing with many but it's really good looking forward to come back
3	The line was super long. Waited for like 45 minutes. The price is high. But it's normal for Vegas. The decor of the buffet is not very fancy. It is very much like all other buffets. The food was just okay. The variety was not great. The sushi bar lacks. The salad bar is not too bad. Overall, I did not enjoy my meal here.
4	A large number of options.  As I am gluten intolerant,  I asked the hostess as she was seating us for gluten free options.  She called the chef who was kind enough to give me a tour of the entire buffet.  The food was reasonably tasty and the salads were fresh.   The staff however seemed a bit too involved among themselves.  The dessert selection was extensive for the gluten tolerant but only two for those of us who can't consume gluten
1	I went to this buffet at around 7 and after reading all the awesome reviews I was really looking forward to it. I'm not sure what the deal was but almost everything was absolutely not worthy of the rating it has right now. There's a decent selection of food, from Italian, Chinese, Japanese, Mexican and uh, steaks.The steaks were really hit and miss. If it was rare enough then it wasn't bad, but it wasn't really seasoned enough so prepare to drown it in Au jus or gravy. Every other time it was an extremely well done piece of leather. When you accompany that with wrong labelling (ie. Kobe Roast Beef which was just regular roast beef [an extremely lean one at that]) you have an even worse experience. The Italian pastas and pizza were okay. They were probably my favourite, but I didn't really want to load up on tortellini all night.  The brocelini was really good. The Japanese was also hit and miss. If you don't eat any of the rice, then the fish alone wasn't bad. They had tuna and salmon nigiri and a handful of mixed rolls and viet fresh rolls. The thing that bothered me most was the nigiri rice. It's not the right type of rice, it isn't seasoned properly and it's shaped with some sort of rice ball machine that makes it taste like rice paste afterwards. The seaweed salad was pretty good though.I honestly didn't touch the Chinese and in terms of the Mexican, the paella just had the taste of salted rice, and the slew of poached fish was extremely dry and overdone as well.  I didn't try the made to order tacos.   The crab legs come in king and snow varieties. I'm not sure if this is their fault, but I found them kinda powdery in terms of texture. Maybe it's because I think they use a band saw or something to cut them in half. There was a nice selection of deserts ranging from ice cream to cakes to flans. In my opinion the flans were way too sweet, the cakes had no personality (cheesecake tasted like cream and the tiramisu tasted like crappy coffee and nuts with cream).  The macarons (not macaroons btw) looked and tasted like they came out of a box and were the hardest things in the world. Either way, I didn't exactly pay for this dinner as it was a comp. at 37 dollars, I would NEVER recommend anyone pay this for a mediocre buffet. Unless you can prove me otherwise I would advise to stay away.
4	We did some snooping online for buffet after the Monte Carlo dropped the ball on us and made me very hesitant on trying another buffet on my birthday trip but OH MY MY! I just loved the food in here. The line to get in was only about 3 parties deep but it took us about 25 minutes to be seated which was really annoying. WTF? How hard is it to just tell people to sit and take their drink orders UGH...Nobody acknowledged our wait for the longest time with an apology or an "I'm sorry for the wait". Not cool or very professional for something inside a nice hotel like the Bellagio. I was expecting stellar service walking in and I don't think that was a very nice first impression of the place.This place was very pricey but we got in line about 30 minutes prior to the dinner but paid the lunch price for the place. Some of the dishes that were available were: crab legs with butter, prime rib, mashed potatoes and gravy, tortellini, 4 different types of pizzas to choose from, some kobe beef, seared salmon. The array of desserts were some of my favorites. Little cappuccino pudding cups, coffee tiramisu, macaroons, creme brulee, flan....excuse me I'm starting to drool all over again. The place is pricey and I would have liked much more attentive service. I noticed the waiters were clearing a lot of tables thinking the customers were done only to have the patrons return to their table cleared and their drinks nowhere to be found. I also think the lighting had a really ugly yellow glow. It seemed kind of dim and boring.
5	This is one of my go to buffets in Las Vegas. I've tried a number of times to get into Bacchanal, but the line is worse that lines at Disneyland. I ate here this past Sunday around 7pm and to my surprise, I was able to walk all the way to the cashier without having to wait in line.I LOVE the food here. It's the only buffet that I am aware of that serves poke. They have both tuna and salmon poke and it is absolutely delicious!!!!!!!!! I also love the fact that they serve king crab here. Most of the buffets I go to serve snow crab, so it's not very often that I get to eat king crab. Table service is very prompt considering how busy this place gets. Dirty plates are picked up just about as soon as you are done with the plate and drink refills come around before you even finish your drink. There is a carving station that I like, but sometimes it's a hit and miss. The prime rib is usually ok, although sometimes it was too overdone for my liking. There was kobe beef at the carving station during my last visit, but it was WAY to well done for my liking. I like my beef red, especially if it's kobe.
1	Poor poor selection !!! Pure disappointment for this type of restaurant to have such small selection of food !!!! :(
4	The food was pretty good, but what set this place apart from the other buffets in Vegas is their desserts. So many to choose from and they are delicious =D
2	I came here and decided to try this Buffett since I heard it was highly recommended from other people and I wasn't very much satisfied for a buffet especially in Vegas at the Belagio.  I thought Belagio would be more high class for a better buffet but it wasn't.  Their food just seemed normal and some of the pastas I tried weren't really tasty at all.  The food selection I thought seem to lack a lot.  The dessert selection does not compare to Wicked spoon's Buffett inside of the Cosmo especially since they do not have real ice cream and it's the one that comes out of a machine with very limited toppings you can choose (like 4 toppings total).I will definitely not be back here.
5	This is the best buffet I've ever been to! Although we had to wait in a huge line for over an hour, it was so worth it! The server was constantly pouring us drinks, our glasses were never empty. The food was amazing and there's not a single thing that would upset me. The price is reasonable, the food selection is wide, and the service is wonderful.
3	Not the best buffet I've been to. The variety was subpar. There was a prior rib that was good. The Kobe steak was not as good. The crab was very salty. But the nice part is that they have it sliced so you don't have to crack it.
2	Disappointed.  Granted, it is one of the cheaper buffets; I feel like the money I spent on this place could have bought a much higher quality, more satisfying meal elsewhere.
4	Didn't get to go on the weekend, I went for a late breakfast, under $20 M-T.  No line to get in.  Smoked salmon was great with capers and onions.  Lots of options and desserts...sorbets and ice cream.  We were seated in a nice quiet area, some of the other locations were packed with people.  Ribs tender, London broil cooked to perfection, I like mine under med rare...  The best part was it was free...
4	I would give this more of a 3.5 star rating. Went here since it was listed on the top 10 buffets in Vegas multiple times. It was about $35 for  lunch here. Thankfully, the line was not awfully long and we got seated right away. The decor here could use a serious facelift. It feels like a pretty old space. With the right decor, I think more people would enjoy their dining experience! The variety was just OK. I guess they did hit on a lot of different types of cuisines, but a lot of the dishes were average and not memorable in both presentation and appeal. A lot of things I just looked at and passed on because they looked messy. Some highlights: calamari Greek salad (really tender and tasty!), carving station (prime rib), 2 different types of crab (snow and king, but both super frozen), pesto mashed potatoes, herbed polenta, and chocolate covered strawberries! They had spicy tuna hand rolls which were made-to-order. They were ok, a little on the spicy end. I wish they had more custom sushi roll options. Service was really good--they came back a lot for refills and to clear our plates. A decent option if in the area.
4	Excellent food, prime rib, crab, roast beef, lamb were all good. NIce array of mini desserts that weren't cheapy tasting, a real chef designs and prepares this food.  The price is hefty for 4 it's about $170, so plan to go slow or you will get full and not get to try it all!
5	EVERYTHING that I put in my mouth was DELICIOUS!!!  My mom and I came here on a Wednesday morning at 10:30 am and so we paid the breakfast price but got the lunch food too!!  I loved everything I ate, my mom did too!  The sushi was awesome and not dried out like the Wicked Spoon.  The desserts were just amazing.  I would highly recommend this place for breakfast and lunch and dinner!!!
4	Our last buffet in Vegas. We had brunch at the Wynn the day before, but the Bellagio didn't disappoint. Highlights were the "healthy" salad bar in the middle that had dried fruit and pre-made salads that were asian and mediterranean-inspired, grilled salmon, flank steak (SO GOOD), spaghetti squash, glazed carrots, and chicken. And all you can eat shrimp, of course. My friends loved the desserts too.
4	I went twice and has somewhat different experiences.  Once was for breakfast and we ordered the bottomless mimosas.  The lady seemed to avoid us on purpose and we had to practically beg to end up with 2 very tiny mimosas each.  On the other hand, the food was really good and I enjoyed my experience overall.  We tried several other buffets while in Vegas and had varying results, so on the last day we returned here for dinner.  The service was much better and the food was even more amazing than before.  I am a vegetarian and my honey eats almost only meat.  We both had so many choices that we ended up gorging ourselves.  Now I get why LV is famous for buffets.
2	For a 5 star resort they DEFINITELY do not have a 5 star buffet. After hearing that this was the buffet to visit while in Vegas I decide to go with my wife and our friends to this buffet and experience the mother of all buffets. It was more like a over priced Home Town Buffet than a 5 star buffet. The made to order omelets were that same as the omelets you get at El Torito Sunday buffet, which are good. The prim rib was very disappointing, it tasted like boiled meat. This was the first time I had ever tried eggs Benedict and they were disgusting. I hate to throw away food, but I had to push my plate to the side and let our waitress take it. The rest of my party assured me that eggs Benedict tastes a lot better than what was being served at this buffet, I guess I will give them one more try at a different restaurant. Just about every item that I tried reminded me of cafeteria food and if I didn't try it it was because it wasn't very appealing. I would rate the dessert bar 4 stars, the dining area was extremely outdated and helped support my thinking of this place as a cafeteria. Not that there is anything wrong with cafeterias but for $32 a person I was expecting a lot better all around. The night before, we dined at Tao in the Venetian and the average was $30 a plate and I will rate them 5 stars as soon as I am done with this. I would definitely NOT recommend this buffet. Save your $32 and go to a way nicer place with way better food and atmosphere. The only reason I give them 2 stars is because they did have a wide variety of food.
1	Not worth the money.  Little variety and not much flavor.  Cold Food.
4	I had dinner at the Bellagio Buffet last night.  Although the line to get in was long and time consuming, the food was worth the wait!  Once sat, I was greeted promptly by a server and provide with a drink.   I started with the seafood section and the crab legs were delicious.   Next I hit the Asian and BBQ sections of the buffet.   Both had many different options.   Service was great and the good was second to none.   If your in the mood for a superior vegas buffet, I strongly suggest Bellagio Buffet!
1	I wish, so badly, that I could give this a decent review. We stayed at the Bellagio for a week, and it was LOVELY. The buffet, on the other hand, was not. We decided, at the last minute, to visit for dinner. While the selection of main dishes was huge, the food itself was NOT. The crab legs & shrimp were watery/mushy & rather tasteless. The "kobe beef" was a bit on the stringy/tough side. The salmon was over-cooked. The blue fish was mushy. The veggie side dishes were good. A large variety of desserts were available, and in an effort to taste as many as possible without wasting, my husband & I each got several and then halved & swapped. They were beautifully presented; I wish they had come close to tasting as wonderful as they looked. In short, we were horribly disappointed. If you don't try, you won't know, but really....for the $86 it cost us (as a couple) to "try", I can't help but wish we never knew. Sorry, Bellagio.
4	Peeled jumbo shrimp cocktail....mmmmmmmmmI'll come here if I can afford to come to another buffet after I hit up Bachanal at the Ceasar's Palace, stomach-wise and wallet-wise.  But this place isn't a bad plan B for buffets.  But if you're staying here...well, when in Rome...eat buffet.Very good variety of food here.  Price is typical for the premier high-end buffet these days.
5	It's been a while since I went to the Buffet at Bellagio last time. I remember my first impression - fantastic! All together I went there 4 or 5 times and loved it every time. Don't understand why some people are not impressed - was it a bad day for the buffet or a personal bad day?
2	The Bellagio has always been my favorite buffet in the world and I myself am a huge buffet eater.  Every time I am in Vegas I am sure to hit this place.   I have been very happy every sing time until the recent visits.  Their decision to keep breakfast food on the buffet throughout the day instead of adding the usual lunch items, makes this place a total waste.  The breakfast fair is on pair with a golden corral nothing special.  Even though they are still serving mostly breakfast they do continue to up charge you.  It is so bad I didn't even see things like corn on the buffet except cold corn for salads.  I guess it is time to try Wynns new place or that 17 million dollar new buffet a ceasers.
4	When my family go to Las Vegas for CES we stay at the Bellagio and always eat at this buffet. It's pretty good and lots of variety.
5	I cant say much other than purw amazement! This place had EVERYTHING and the best part is it all tasted as if I made it at home and thats saying a lot since i'm a classically trained chef! Much love to all the kitchen workers here... They do a GREAT job! Our server was awesome too
4	My family and I went to the Bellagio buffet on a Friday night and we paid $37 each. It seemed to be on the somewhat pricey side, but the great variety of food made up for it. The line was took more than half an hour. That was okay since we expected it to be long anyway.Some of the more memorable, tasty dishes that I enjoyed were Alaskan king crab legs, lamb chops, prime rib, Kobe beef, and sea bass. I especially liked the desserts, such as macarons, bread pudding, and chocolate covered strawberries. Soda and juices were included in the price. Service was good as well.Overall, with such a price expected at Las Vegas, I think the wide selection of dishes makes this a decent hotel buffet.
4	Over the years I've been to many Las Vegas buffets and I would say my all time favorite is the one at the Bellagio.  With a well rounded selection of foods, I find the Buffet at the Bellagio the best restaurant to hit up when I'm absolutely starving and want to take down copious amounts of delicious food.  Prices are a bit high, but the food is worth it.  And after a long day or night of having fun, a smorgasbord of food is just what one needs.
3	My family and I came to eat at the bellagio buffet this evening. I got the idea to come here after I saw a piece on it from food network. I was a LITTLE let down because it seemed a lot better on the show. There was a small variety of different food. To be 100% honest, the buffet in the grand Sierra in Reno has a wider selection than this buffet had. The food was pretty good, but the desserts were delicious. I ordered a mojito with my meal. I was rather disappointed in my drink. For 3 people your looking to spend $130 just to get in.
5	I have tried just about every buffet on the strip and this one is my personal favorite. However, depending on your tastes, you might like others better. I am crazy about quality seafood, sushi, salad, and crab legs.  Its the only buffet on the strip that offers sashimi poke, and steak tartar at less than $50. However, if you don't do sushi and prefer comfort foods with a different twist, this might not be the place for you. You can also find better deserts elsewhere.That being said, I still feel that Bellagio has the best food at the best value in Vegas.
4	$40 and I am stuffed! Chicken that has waffle breading, candied apples and crab legs! Yes! I loved it. There's so much to choose from that you can eat something different every time you go up!
3	Vegas + Buffet = Lots of food. Good solid buffet at Bellagio. We happened to have some credits and gave it a shot. Good, nothing special, nothing overly below average either.
4	My wife and I came here on a Wednesday evening at about 5:45pm and walked right in with no line.  The food station selections were a little better than most buffets that I have been to.The flank steak and prime rib were delicious, as was the poke.  The rice on the nigiri sushi  could have been a little smaller, but that's OK.  The beef roast that they were trying to pass off as a Kobe beef roast was just regular roast beef.  If it were real Kobe beef, that meat would have been buttery tender with no effort in cutting or chewing.  The king crab legs were great, especially when heated!  I don't think anyone knew that they could have it heated, as I was the only one requesting this (or the other people just liked really cold crab).I went to look for a pair of chopsticks at the sushi bar and did not find any.  I asked the counter person and he directed me to another station, where again I didn't find any.  I asked our waiter for chopsticks and he promptly directed me to the sushi bar.  It was not busy at this time and he did not provide good customer service by saying that he will be right back with some chopsticks.  I did finally find chopsticks because previously, no one cared to fill the basket up.  For this incident with the waiter and other staff, I cannot give a 5-star rating.  I work at the Wynn where customer service is everything and that is why no 5th star.Other than that, the waiter was pretty good at keeping our beverages filled besides giving me regular iced tea on a refill rather than raspberry tea.  Will I be back?  Most definitely.  Some things can be overlooked.  I think I may have found my new favorite buffet!
4	Allot of food choices, very vegetarian friendly. The price is okay for the amount of food you get. You must try the omelette bar. You have options for every meal at any time of day. Breakfast, brunch, lunch, and dinner. A must for every visit to Vegas.
5	Please keep in mind this was my first time to any of the Las Vegas buffets. That being said, GOOD GOD LORD BABY JESUS SWEET ALLAH HOLY BUDDHA. It was everything I wanted and more. I came at 1pm and they still had breakfast food available! Since I came during the st paddy's day weekend, I had to pay the holiday lunch price(even though it wasn't st paddy's day) which was $35/person. Still not bad! It's an additional $12/person if you wanted unlimited domestic drinks/beers/bloody Mary's/mimosas. So anyways we got seated quickly and was able to get our food while our drinks were on the way. HIGHLY RECOMMEND: prime steak, eggs Benedict, eclair, strawberry tart, salad, pizzaI would stay away from their seafood as it wasn't that great but their selection is nonetheless GREAT. I would highly recommend this buffet to anyone looking to pig out in Vegas!
2	Not worth it!  The eggs Benedict was good tasting, but cold!  All the other food was very bland.  They need to focus on quality and not quantity!!!  Too many selections of bland food!
3	After all the hype, I finally got to experience this buffet.  It is an ok buffet, but definitely not a contender for best in Vegas.  They have a variety of desserts, but no real standout dish for me.  The wait was down the ramp, around the ropes, but only took about 30 mins.  Maybe it was over-hyped and my expectations too high, but I don't think I would return to this one.  I heard this buffet has steadily declined since Steve Wynn sold the place.  It is one to try once to rest your curiosity, but if you miss it, you will live.
4	This honestly has to be the most expensive effin' buffet that I have ever eaten at, but my other RE/MAX buddies wanted to eat here, so I thought "why not?".  This ended up being really good though!  They had sushi that was fair considering we were nowhere near water (LOL), prime rib which was tasty, and a whole bunch of other fare.  They even offer certain adult beverages on an "all you can drink" deal.  I did not partake of this because this has to be cheap liquor for them to do all you can drink.  Give this a try, it's well worth the $40 something you'll pay!
4	I've eaten here a couple times. It's my second favorite buffet in Vegas. I like to come just before dinner so I can pay for lunch and get the dinner spread. Again, love the crab legs! Love the meats, the salads, the breads, etc... The Bacchanal Buffet just had the upper hand for some reason, I guess the way they serve the crab legs at The Bacchanal is quicker, because there's a station where you can pick up cold crab legs and another separate station if you want boiled crab legs. The line at Bellagio was so slow! I did have a great sort of private booth, it made the experience better. The line for this buffet went so slow too! The Bacchanal went fast, just to let ya know!The food is still top notch though.
4	MUCH BETTER.   :)My husband and I enjoyed lunch here on a Thursday afternoon, and were happy to have a much more pleasant experience with the food and the service than when we visited during the month prior.The servers and hostesses seemed less confused and disorganized from the moment we walked up, however, they were not very friendly and seemed to not care about much personal interaction with the guests as we waited in line.I had several of the sushi items and a hearty salad from the salad bar, and everything was fresh and delicious.  The Salmon and crab roll was particularly tasty, and the tuna sushi was also very good.  My husband had a few slices of prime rib that he said were very tender and perfect to make into a mini-sandwich with some of the plentiful bread options.  We also were happy with the service we received, which was much more attentive and friendlier than we had experienced prior.  The one issue we had was the when you order a mimosa they bring you the champagne (sparkling wine, really), and the orange juice separately.  I recommend serving mimosas without this presentation, and it does not bode well for cleanliness or guest enjoyment.  We will consider dining here again on an upcoming Vegas trip, and were happy to see the food & service here back on par with what people come to expect of a dining establishment at the Bellagio.  Cheers!
2	Overpriced for mediocre typical buffet food.  This place probably used to be the buffet to be at but Vegas has evolved and this buffet is not up to speed.  Service was lacking, which is tough at a buffet seeing as how the only thing we needed was to place a drink order and have our drinks refilled.The Aria Buffet and Wicked Spoon buffet at the Cosmopolitan were MUCH better quality, better selection and comparable prices.
3	Here for the brunch. It's not bad it's just not living up to the reviews. I would compare it to the rio buffet.
4	Great buffet. Would have liked wine to have been included for the price, but soft drinks/coffee/tea were. The buffet was gorgeous. Very high quality food. Lots of meat, seafood, vegetable, ethnic, and dessert choices. Not overly crowded at 5pm. Service from waiters not so great. They cleared plates well but did not refill water and tea.
1	My wife and I just ate here for lunch based on a recommendation from a local. This is one of the worst buffets I've tried in Vegas. The food was less than mediocre, and in most cases barely edible. Breads were stale and dry, flavors of most things seemed bland and cheap, and a platter of "fresh" burgers just put out were already cold. Avoid this buffet and spend your money elsewhere!
3	Decent place to have dinner. However, I'd say the buffet at Wynn is much better for a slightly more expensive price. The crab legs are watery, but the dessert selection is great.
4	Wow anything and everything u could ask for is here and it's all very good. One plate I had pizza and wings and my next trip I got sushi how cool is that. A little pricey butt if u have a big appetite its money well spent
5	First dinner at Vegas -- we decided to head over to this buffet. $42.86 per person on a Wednesday night (including tax). We made reservations ahead of time since I was traveling with a 40 people group, but the line was not that monstrous at 8:00 p.m.Although the selection was not as vast as I envisioned it to be, the food was still of excellent quality. The miso baked fish was so good. Other dishes that left an impression were the prime rib, salmon/tuna poke, and pesto tortellini. Oh my god, the poke. I have never tasted ahi tuna this delicious. I've definitely been missing out all my life.The dishes are replaced pretty often, and everything tastes fresh.They have a good array of desserts, some of my favorites were the banana foster (hint of alcohol flavor) and the creme brulee. Their cheesecakes were okay, and the soft serve melts pretty quickly. By the time I had walked from the dessert bar back to my seat, I already had a pool of vanilla around my rapidly melting ice cream.Great buffet! Can't wait to try out some of the others around the Strip.
1	Worst buffet I ever been too in my whole life! Was really disappointed! Nothing had flavor and everything was dry!
5	I loved this buffet.  I went on a Tuesday evening for dinner and it was great.  All the crab legs i could eat.  Nice plump shrimp, not that cheap peel and eat kind like they have at some other buffets.  I also had some of the prime rib... again, great.  Even the deserts were pretty good.  I definitely will be returning to this buffet when i get back in town.  I had to wait a while in line to get in but it was well worth it.
5	Overall, the buffet was fantastic.  I did find the pork ribs to be a little dry..
2	Taking into consideration the cost, I give it a two. I think the quality of the food has gone down since my last visit here and the price has gone up at least 25%. I didn't take any pictures because the place was crowded with patrons trying to put food on plates. Would I go back? Probably not, not saying it was bad, just not for me. Maybe I just outgrown it... Lol
1	Very disappointing. Expensive & nothing special. While they did have caviar, something we haven't found elsewhere, nothing else impressed us. Also the service was subpar. Not only was our waiter unattentive, the lead hostess was making snide remarks about guests, and when we needed service & asked for help from other servers they simply said "we cannot help you, that's not our section". We will not be coming back here ever again, especially having paid over $90 for 2 people.
4	If you enter Bellagio through the garage entrance, your senses are immediately greeted by a sweet scent. As you walk in further, both your eyes and smell experience the most beautiful and colorful mix of lilies, hyacinth, and other annuals.A beautiful butterfly garden accompanies your garden visit.On your walk to the buffet, you see marble floors and walls galore. Gold layering accents and pools fit for monarchs.The wait was nonexistent and depends what time and day you go. Although you would think 5 pm Sat would be a wait. It wasn't due to what I observedhard working individuals from the cashier to the hostess and shift manager who visibly were on task, not distracted with other things and making it their priority to maintain a rhythmic flow of happy guests. My waiter Alfonso was very busy but you can see how hard they work day in and day out to serve thousands of people from all over the world to survive. They will gladly bring you more beverages or coffee if you request.There's an overabundance of food choices and chefs are readily available to suggest and inform what they like best for example between prime rib and beef roast. You will also find crab legs sliced lengthwise so you don't worry about cracking them. If you have kids, there's pizza, and the cheesiest Mac n cheese on cute white ceramic miniature bowls. Greek foods, salads and not to mention the desserts galore that include sugar free. Sushi, Italian,list goes on.It is a bit pricey ($43 minus tip) however, the experience is either you're as close as you can get to food nirvana or  in Vegas baby!So, go ahead and indulge your palate and awaken your senses at the Bellagio Buffet.
4	Read all the other reviews, the ones that say it's a good place are right.Come here for lunch at a reduced price and you will love yourself for it. You pay $22.99 for lunch Monday - Friday 11:00am - 3:30pm, $33.99 for dinner Sunday - Thursday 3:30pm - 10:00pm. All sorts of other options and bigger prices, but save the $11 and come at lunch.I focused on favorites: Alaskan King crab legs and prime rib with delicious mashed potatoes. I did some sushi [nice], shrimp, some Kobi beef [too dried out] and roast veggies, but stuck to my favs. Lots of crab. Lots of prime rib. Heaven.So now after some serious meat sweats and a breather: dessert in the desert. Nice little creme brulees, individual pies and cakes with good coffee. Insulin please, Mr. Von Bulow. That's a lot of sugar.Thank goodness this is a 5 hour flight or I would weigh 350 lbs. I've been to a lot of places for buffets in Las Vegas, this is good.
2	I went out for dinner with my wife and two friends of ours on Sunday. We read online about the caviar bar on the weekends and the all you can drink margaritas, sparkling wine, bloody Mary and beer for an additional $11.99. We were looking forward to a nice dinner at a reasonable price for four teachers. We were ushered to the cashier. We told the cashier lady that we would like to add the $11.99 alcohol option and she responded roughly saying "YOUR server takes care of that." My wife and our friends just looked at each other as if we said something to offend her. It's not our problem if the cashier has to clarify the details to customers. It's part of her job to make every customer understand any questions they might ask about her place of employment. Not a good first impression, GRADE: FWe paid, we're seated, then our waiter (Alfredo) came and ask what we would like to drink. We told him all of us would like the alcohol option and started to order margaritas and ask if he could bring us wine after the margaritas. Then he pointed out that we can only make one choice between the four alcohol options. Alfredo was apologitic and made other beverage suggestions which was nice of him. He is a good employee who tried to protect the company. But to me, my wife and our two friends, this is deceptive marketing. I don't think we were the first to be fooled and definitely won't be the last. All four of us canceled the alcohol option and ordered ice teas. Alfredo then let us know that he was going home and Richard was going to take care of us. Our new waiter Richard was attentive and made sure our drinks were always full. Not a good second impression because of the misleading advertisement but Alfredo and Richard made up for it. GRADE: BThen all four of us went to get some appetizers. We searched for the caviar bar but we're unable to find it. I asked a person next to me if she knew where the caviar is and she said she's also looking for it. We both approached a lady who was working in the sushi section and asked where the caviar bar is. She said it's only on Friday and Saturday.  So we both said that we thought it's served on the weekends and Sunday is a weekend.  The lady in the sushi section replied to us, "yes, the weekends but not on Sunday." More misleading information. Not a good third impression, GRADE: FI told my wife and our two friends that not only were we mislead about the alcohol option but also the caviar bar on weekends. All four of us quickly finished our meals, gave a 20% tip and left.Price = average for a strip resort.Cashier = not acceptable, poor front line customer service.Our waiters Alfredo and Richard = above average.Food = average, nothing stood out.Advertisment = not acceptable, misleading tactics.Overall = Two stars, one for Alfredo, one for Richard. Will not come back, the deception left a bad taste. Will definitely use this experience in future class projects.
4	For those who want to see what kind of food that are served at Bellagio, I have recorded a Full Slow and Steady tour of Bellagio Buffet in crisp HD. This video was shot  couple of months ago. or go on YouTube and type "Full Delicious Bellagio buffet tour" and you will see my videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeixPh5mCI8I had an opportunity of dining at Bellagio buffet for the second time. We ate for dinner during the holidays rush, so we had to pay close to $55 per person. This time was actually pretty good and had a lot of varieties of food to choose from. I have never had beef wellington before, I've only heard and seen it on Hell Kitchen, but man it was moist and good. They even had Pho. It was blend, but eatable. They even had Alaskan King Crab Legs, which is the most expensive crab legs out there. I spent most of my time, eating the King Crab legs and not the Snow crab legs since you can find snow crab legs for dinner at every buffet in Vegas.I didn't get any sushi, but man, the lines were looong to get some made to order sushi roll.Deserts were abundant. They even have Macarons. I saw one diner got a whole plateful of Macarons, I'm assuming they going to stuff that into their purse to take home.Service was good. Server kept clearing the plates quick.Overall, it was a pretty good dining experience.Like I said before, if you guys want to see what kind of food are served at Bellagio, check out my video below or go onto YouTube and type "Bellagio Buffet" and you are likely to see my video on top of the playlist.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeixPh5mCI8
4	my favorite regular buffet love the kobe beef and the mash potatoes ! and they have a good amount of desserts here.
2	Had the breakfast buffet for 2 @ 30$ per person. I would have liked drinks to be part of the package. Some of the items were good but they don't make any customizations at all. Food is already pre-prepared.The ceviche and other seafood options were bad.
3	The food is generally good, but very rich. I tried a lot of different things, but wasn't particularly impressed by the buffet. While it was relatively cheap, it was too expensive for the type of food served. We paid about $36 each including tax. It was a good first time experience and if you have the cash you should try it. I wouldn't go there again merely because of the cost.
1	If you like over priced dining experience, you found the right place.Price: Over priced for what you get. If you have kids 4 and up, they'll get charged full adult rate. Selection: The food was just OK. Seriously nothing special. Standard meat, seafood and salad... I would have paid $10 at most for what I got. Oh and if you want some assortment 0f dessert, keep walking. This place doesn't come close to Wicked Spoon. Save yourself some money and avoid this place. Service: Slow as do just matter of fact. Conclusion: I would never come here again.
2	We went there on a Wednesday night, and not only did we have to wait over an hour in line, but they didn't have too many main-course vegetarian options, like tofu, veggie meat, loafs, etc. And a vegan definitely couldn't eat there, cause they'd have just fruit. Much of it was meat & side dishes to go along with the meat. I don't think i'd pay $36 again to eat overly-rich pasta, pizza & dessert, as a vegetarian. I probably ate about $5 worth of food, if that. The food was nicely presented though, and the staff friendly. They can't accommodate so many people in a timely manner. It's like a circus. I wouldn't go back because it's expensive, food options are limited for vegetarians, & takes WAY too long to get in.
3	I went here for dinner on a weeknight about 6pm which was good because the line grew like a radioactive beast after that!  I was only in Vegas a few nights and wanted to make sure and try a buffet before leaving.  It wasn't bad and cost about $40 with tip.  It was too late when I saw the all you can drink offer for $12, that would have been worth it.  Food wasn't bad, it was good quality.  This just wasn't all the grandeur I had heard about Vegas buffets.  Someone told me that Caesar's Palace had the best but I can't confirm that myself.
5	Soooooo good and I don't even like buffets. Great food, most of it was very fresh and that which didn't appear to be was quickly replaced with newer stuff.King crab legs, ahi tuna poke, and beef Wellington were tasty. Dessert was delectable.  The creme brulee and cheesecake were light and just sweet enough.The only complaint was a lack of chocolate chip cookies and the jacked up price for Easter.This is worth the money, even if they took advantage of holiday travelers.
5	I'm trying to figure out why this Buffett only has 3 and a 1/2 stars.. I went this morning 4/20, for their brunch and yes it is pricey $38 per person, but it was WELL worth it. Let's put it this way, your going to pay at least $35, for a good meal in Vegas (unless you like eating cheap and you don't buy alcohol) Why not make your spending worth it. The pro's-great selection and fresh food.-omelette station.- turkey sausage (I don't eat beef or pork so seeing turkey was like a dream come true.)- red velvet waffles, if you haven't tried it, you HAVE to.- variety, pasta, crab legs, breakfast, many choices.- great service, my waitress had the orange juice refills ready, before I could ask.The con's-fruit selection was minimum, no pineapple, no berries, but had your basic, melons, strawberries, oranges and bananas. - mimosa cost $12!!?!? Really, I just spent enough money to almost fill up my gas tank for a week and now I have to pay for a mimosa. Overall, I enjoyed my experience at Bellagio's buffet, it was delicious. I like good food and variety. It was not over or undercooked, the food had flavor and was very fresh and the service was great!
1	I was exited to try this buffet what a disappointment. Sushi - Rice was hard and fish not freshKobe Beef - Just tough and chewy. I could not finish it.Braised Short Ribs - Salty Spring Rolls - Hard and I could not chew themPork Buns - Dry and saltyI will just stop there. It was a a huge disappointment. Nothing really stood out and wowed me. This was my last Vegas buffet. My best meal this trip to Vegas was Jack In The Box when I was leaving town. If you offered me this buffet or fast food I would go with the fast food.
2	Really disappointing and really doesn't live up to the Bellagio image or standards.  Waited 10 minutes to even see the waitress; she brought us our coffee and waters and never was able to get a 2nd water so spent the second half of the meal with nothing to drink.  The food......maybe its because it was the breakfast buffet, but it was about as bland and gross as bad buffets get.  The desserts were decent, the rest was forgettable and disappointing.
2	Yelp should really enable half stars cuz this is 1.5 stars. Bellagio buffet is also rated among the top ten buffets in Vegas. Who are these people rating these ?Very mediocre food. No taste to anything. Really. The sushi bar is a joke. The meats are flavorless and bland. The seafood is average at best. The pizza and other Classic American fare is...yaaawn. Enough said.Save your money and appetite. Stay away from these overrated buffets.
2	I am trying to understand the hype for this buffet. After missing out on it each time we go to Vegas, I finally got my way and we went to Bellagio Buffet. WTF is the hype about? The place is dirty and disorganised, the buffet choices are limited, we were expecting a wide range of choices, but honestly I have been to better buffets on and off the strip, with a better international variety and fresher foods. This place was a big let down.
2	We had high expectations of the buffet of a reputed casino like Bellagio. Unfortunately the food was average. There was nothing exceptional really. I wouldn't waste my time going back to this buffet, even if it was considerable cheaper. We had to decide between Bellagio and Caesar's palace and I regret going with Bellagio since we are in town only for a couple of days.
4	In this buffet the quality of the food is unquestionable. Flavor and presentation of each option offered is their priority. All the dishes are prepared with the highest quality ingredients.The presentation and set up of the different stations are two other things that they are carefully done and maintained during the day. Chefs are constantly making sure  everything is still in place and to restock items that are low in the stations.As for the service, to be honest, it is a little bit standoffish.Read my extended review in my blog: http://lagamio.com/2014/04/29/le-village-vs-the-buffet/
3	Came here several times and I think it's OK. IDK why people think it's so great.  The quality of food wasn't anything special.  And the waitresses always looked like they didn't want to be there.  Well, then I don't want to either!
4	Expensive but very good food.
3	Come here, get stuffed, go back to the hotel and sleep. That's the right way to start your day in Vegas!! My boyfriend, his parents, and I came to The Buffet at Bellagio on a late Sunday morning (around 11am). The buffet goes until 3pm, is $35 per person (includes non-alcoholic drinks), and expect to wait about 20+ minutes just to order and sit. This buffet is decent -- not bad, not great either. Sure, there's enough food and different food options to feed an army of people with different food preferences and interests. There's everything from sushi, to french toast, to salad, to desserts, to getting any cut of meat your heart desires. But, the food isn't *that* good. Sure, I filled up on two plates full of food plus dessert, but when I left, I quickly forgot about my food. I also ordered an OJ, a coffee and some water. Service here was "meh". The server seemed distracted and distant. Sure, it's a buffet and I get my own food....but when I'm paying $35, I expect them to be on top of drink orders and clearing the table quickly, neither of which I particularly thought they were. Overall, just an A-OK place. I'd consider coming back here on future Vegas trips, but it's nothing to write home about.Cheers!
4	This buffet is pricey ($38 for dinner) but it is so worth it! There are so many different stations and types of food:-Carving (ham, turkey, free range chicken, roast beef)-Seafood (crab legs, assorted fish)-Salad-Meats and Cheeses-Soups-Desserts (Cookies, cakes, sugar free, gluten free, frozen custard)-Asian (Flank steak, stir fry, rice)-Italian (Pastas)-American (roasted potatoes, vegetables)The line into the restaurant was pretty long. We waited about 15 minutes to pay and be seated. The wait staff was foreign and didn't really converse or understand too much but they were attentive. If you are visiting from another hotel or staying in The Bellagio this is a great eatery if you don't mind spending the dough.
4	I went to this Buffet a few years back and I really enjoyed it. It was pricey for a buffet though. We didn't drink because the mimosas were expensive and we were hung over anyway. So on to the food. I loved the pasta selection. It was really good and the sauces were delicious! I'm picky about Chinese food so that's not something I would eat at a buffet. The crab legs were delicious. The selection of food and desserts were good overall.
1	I have eaten at the Bellagio buffet about 7 times over the past 5 years and have usually enjoyed the food and service. I normally would have given the buffet 4-stars (easily), but my last two visits (one today and once this past April) have changed my mind and rating. The service has slowly degraded to the point that the staff seems rushed/impatient, while the tables aren't very clean. As far as food goes the variety is still there, but it tends to be drier, flavorless, and lifeless. When I return again in a few weeks I'll be looking for another place to eat.
4	Everywhere in Vegas is expensive. So....I think this is actually one of the better deals out there. It's $35 per person (roughly) for dinner. If you drink alcohol it will clearly add more to your bill, so stick to water and get the free booze while you are gambling. Is everything at the buffet amazing? No, but there are literally a million options. The best things- pesto tortellini, squash bisque, crab legs, tiki masala, and roast chicken. The line can be long but it moves quick, but it is worth the wait.
5	We love this place, been there 2 times in the last 4 months!Great food, pasta, salad, delicious meet (beef, turkey, chicken, lamb), great sides, sushi bar, shrimp and crabs... Huge dessert selection!
1	Sunday of Memorial Day wkd, 730pm. Plan B after Bacchanal at Caesar's gave us a 2-hr wait.The Buffet at Bellagio has soooo fallen off it's allure and pedestal of being one of the top, high-end buffets in Vegas of years ago. The first sign was that we (party of 2) only had to wait 15 minutes.Their carving station meats were not plentiful and selective. Meats did not taste all that good. Ribs were dry. Steaks were dry. Turkey tasted like cardboard.Turkey gravy was super salty. One of the carvers took his sweet @ss time slicing every single piece of prime rib and turkey. Makes for an even longer wait! arghhh!The layout is horrible. Not much main dish selection. Food was very tasteless.Everything seemed so "bulk cafeteria" made.They close at 1030, but at 9pm, the dessert station was "all out of chocolate covered strawberries". So lame.Desserts did not taste good. The cheesecake was so bad. Didn't even have any chocolate cake selections!A sign of a buffet that is not high-end? When the ice cream station is NOT manned by a human being. More of a sign that a buffet is actually low-end? When the ice cream station is a crappy soft-serve, manual, help-yourself dispenser! This is a severe contrast to the manned, well-decorated, well-presented gelato stations at the Rio Carnival, the Aria Buffet, the Bacchanal, etc.To top things off, it was a "holiday weekend", so they charged "holiday prices". $47.99+tax pp. Yet, the selection, the quality, and the experience was barely better than that of cross of Hometown Buffet and Souplantation!Sorry Bellagio Buffet. Never again until you renovate, reinvent, and rejuvenate!
3	Average food. I used to like it more when it was less expensive. Good options of sushi and brunch food. It's a good buffet overall .
3	My friend and I came here during Memorial Day Weekend. We came during the transition between brunch to dinner time (but we paid dinner prices) so it was really nice to be able to eat a bit of everything. I remember thinking it was a very decent price for a Vegas Buffet... but then I was not too impressed when it came down to the food. I just gathered a bit of everything to take *a bite* and the only thing that I really enjoyed was the lobster mac and cheese, shrimp cocktail & crab legs!! After the experimental plates, I just filled up on the expensive stuff to get my money's worth!! I also wanted to try the prime rib, but my friend said her slice was over cooked even though she asked for a medium/medium-rare cut. I saw all of the meats and it DID look too over cooked so I passed on the prime rib. What a disappointment... I was especially unsatisfied with their dessert selection... I gathered all the pretty desserts that would fit on a plate: macaroons, eclairs, tarts and a chocolate covered strawberry... but it was all so mediocre... Most items only got one bite from me. I took a double taste on the flan, but I was still not impressed. The only dessert I finished was this Cappuccino shooter (minus the whipped cream on top).
4	I really liked the quality of food. And it is weird that I liked the coke they provide.There were so many choices of food and I wished I had bigger stomach so I can eat more.The desserts were absolutely delicious and not too sweet.
5	This was the best out of the 4 buffets we tried out (the others were Le Village, Cravings and Spice Market). They have both king and snow crab legs, which were awesome. Their ribs and prime rib are delicious. They have a whole variety of other food for those that aren't into their big ticket items too. They do not clear the dining room between lunch and dinner so you can catch their dinner items with lunch prices by going for a late lunch if you're so inclined. There's usually at least a short line to get in but it's not too bad as long as you don't go during peak hours.
3	The sushi selection is great here!!  Their poke is delicious as are the special rolls.  This part of the buffet and the plentiful crab equals 4.5 stars.  Another good dish was the lobster mac n cheese.The rest of the buffet is just mediocre.  The pastas taste bland.  Everything is overcooked, sitting under heat lamps.  The turn over on the food was very slow.  The desserts looked delicious, but failed to taste that way.  The restaurant is a bit outdated and we felt like we were eating in a cafeteria.
2	I thought the buffet was ok, nothing spectacular.  For the cost, I expected a bigger selection.They only had 4 pasta dishes which all tasted the same, bland and overcooked.The meat station had only 3 different carving stations which were a little dry and unseasoned.I am not a seafood eater but that station seemed to have a nice selection and the the lines were long which told me it must have been pretty good.The sushi and dessert stations were the best and had the most variety.It was worth trying it out but I doubt I would return.
4	Probably 3.5 stars, but I decided to round up because the nice desserts made me happy. It is the epitome of Las Vegas buffets in that it offers pretty much offers any type of quality cuisine your appetite can possibly desire. A well-priced buffet given how good the food is...for a buffet. Some items are better than others -- I personally enjoyed the prime rib and sea bass (no surprise there). Save room for dessert -- they really have a fine selection of pastries and cakes.
3	Just okay.  Not great.  Nothing really special.  And it makes me sad.....as i remember a time when it was a lot better.  "Ooohh you went to the Bellagio buffet??  Nice."  Won't be saying that anymore.  Perhaps it's because we came mid-week?The Good:  Ahi Poke and SushiCaesar salad (but c'mon, who messes that up)DessertsGrilled veggiesPrime RibSalmon mousse thingiesCreamed spinachThere was plenty of crab and shrimp.  But the crab is clearly frozen.  And maybe that's just how it has to be now, I don't know.  It's still good.  Wish it would have been yummier.  The $11.99 unlimited drinks is totally worth it if you plan to have more than one.
3	Buffets are generally not that good.... the food is mass produced and generally just isn't super tasty. This buffet is no exception... it wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. I would say the best items were the ribs, the mashed potatoes, and the sliders... all fairly decent. The asian selections were all not very good. The desserts weren't anything special either. PS I had my buffet was free from using MyVegas, so I can't complain about that!
4	We'll I can say that the hype is true about this place. By far, the best buffet I've ever been to. Very wide ranging selection of food for the likes of everyone. Food was delicious, but not exemplary. However, just being able to say that about a buffet is a major win in my opinion.The line to get in is split between reservations and non reservations. I came at an off peak time so I got right in. It's also not very expensive when compared to the amount of food you have access to. There's also plenty of tables and bar areas to grab a seat as the place is very big.I had everything from vegetable stir fry to penne vodka and it was delicious. Food lines moved very quickly and your drink was always refilled in an acceptable amount of time. They have a pretty impressive dessert section as well.All in all, this place was awesome. A definite must in Vegas.
4	I've lived in Vegas nearly my entire life and probably have been to every single buffet in this city.  From gourmet buffets to your average station casino, on top of my parents being such avid gamblers, there isn't a casino buffet I'm not familiar with until this place.Front: We came here close to 6pm on a saturday just before the rush of people wanting to get dinner and thankfully we planned it this way.  The wait in line probably only took 10 minutes and was prompted a place to sit (party of 4) immediately while a bigger group in front of us had to wait. Price:Breakfast: $18.99 (Mon-Fri/ 7am-11amLunch: $22.99 (11am-330pm)Dinner: $33.99 (Mon-Thur 330-1000)Gourmet dinner: $39.99 (Fri-Sat/330-1000)Food:Now like all buffets in Vegas, they love to prepare dishes from around the world.  This place was no different as they feature primarily Asian, American, Italian and Mexican. The food here ladies and gentlemen probably the best buffet food i've had (yes, better than the M and better than GVR's feast).  They had chicken tikka masala that was pretty consistent in terms of flavor and was nicely tender.  They had pesto mashed potatoes and pesto shrimp pizza, both of which were perfect.  They feature snow crabs like any other buffet but also offer king crab (only drawback is that you can't get them steamed, they're all served cold.) A sushi bar next to the crabs that serve your basic rolls and nigiri, tuna/salmon poke (with spicy mayo on the side) and they serve american caviar, other eggs and steak tartar (GET THE TARTAR!!!).  Rack of lamb was also served which was prepared wonderfully without too much of that lamby/gamey taste.Dessert: The blueberry, strawberry and chocolate raspberry macaron.  I strongly recommend getting this to end your experience.  Its just a nice touch of sweetness without being too overpowered in terms of richness to clean  your palette alongside the refreshing feeling of the fruits. Interior: This buffet is very intimate, meaning that its walkways in the buffet are narrow and you'll be bumping into plenty of people.  Decor is dated but the food makes up for that.  There is a bathroom located inside the buffet so no more having to leave and asking the cocktail waitresses where the bathrooms are; however, the mens room has like 2 urinals and 1 stall so you'll probably end up pooping elsewhere. Overall: This buffet is probably the best buffet i've had.  GVR used to rank supreme when they would marinate the crabs and shrimp in that special blend of spices and herbs but they have since eliminated that.  A bit on the pricier side as we went during the gourmet buffet but with your choices of rack of lamb, king crab, steak tartar and other premium food choices (plus being on the strip) the price is reasonable. If the crabs were steamed and the walkways were more wider, I would definitely give this place a 5.
3	After going to the Bachannal Buffet at Caesars this was kind of a let down. My kids felt the same way. I didn't like that their "kids price" only applied to 4 and under. Really? My daughters weren't the ones carting off trays of oysters and crab legs like it was time to stockpile bc the Zombie Apocalypse was coming. We had like maybe 8 legs between the four of us? They do steam them on request if you prefer heated. Every fish dish I tried was overcooked. The decor looked dated and I felt like I was in a hospital cafeteria. Good desserts though.
4	this is one of my favorite buffets I've every been too. price wasn't bad at all for Vegas. they have a wide variety of foods to choose from and it was all amazing.
4	On Sunday, 6/15/14, my girlfriend and I decided to hit up The Buffet at Bellagio for Father's Day brunch. I watched a segment on TV a few years ago about the buffet at the Bellagio. It's supposed to be one of the best buffets in Las Vegas. I couldn't wait to indulge on all the different foods!Atmosphere/Decor:The Buffet at Bellagio kind of reminded me of an upscale Hometown Buffet. You would think that the atmosphere and decor would be extravagant since it's located in the Bellagio but it wasn't. The concept and set up of the buffet seemed to go hand and hand. I liked how each food station was specifically focused on a certain cuisine. For example, there was an Asian Food section with nothing but Asian foods. There was also an Italian section, Seafood section, Contemporary American section and of course a dessert section. The setup was very straight forward. I found it very easy to find foods that I liked. The interior design was just mediocre but then again it's a buffet and not an upscale restaurant so what do you expect. The one issue I had with the set up was the restroom. When I went to go use the the restroom I noticed there was only one restroom stall. Everyone knows for a fact that when you are eating at a buffet there are going to be tons of people that will experience bubble guts and will have to drop a super serious deuce in the bathroom. Having only one bathroom stall isn't going to cut it. We ended up sitting at the bar which was pretty nice. Food: Where do I start. There was a ton of food to choose from. I started out with a Caesar salad, a few pieces of watermelon and fresh sliced cured meats. The Caesar salad was decent. It was kind of soggy but it still tasted pretty good. The watermelon was fresh and tasted good. The cured meats were excellent especially the roasted pork. The roasted pork had so much flavor! For round two, I decided to go with a romaine salad, topped with cheddar cheese, carrots, and ranch dressing. I also got two pieces of pepperoni pizza. For my other plate, I got roasted turkey with turkey gravy, ham, and country potatoes with white gravy. The salad with ranch dressing was excellent. I loved the taste of their ranch dressing. I'm assuming it was made from scratch. The pepperoni pizza was  also very good. The roasted turkey was one of my favorites. I love turkey! The turkey reminded me of a good cooked Thanksgiving Turkey. The turkey was delicious. The turkey gravy had a nice consistency to it and complimented the roasted turkey very well. The ham was very good too. I liked the country potatoes a lot! They had a very nice country flavor to them and the white gravy enhanced the flavor of the potatoes even more. For round three, I decided to eat another romaine salad with ranch dressing, roasted turkey with turkey gravy, beef tenderloins with a pepper corn reduction sauce, mashed potatoes, pureed yams and prime rib. The beef tenderloins were super tender and loaded with flavor. The pepper corn sauce was strong but the meat was cooked perfectly so it didn't matter. The mashed potatoes were spot on perfect! There was nothing wrong with them. They were definitely one of the best mashed potatoes I've ever eaten and reminded me of how my girlfriends mashed potatoes taste. The pureed yams were silky smooth and sweet. The prime rib was sensational! The meat was cooked perfect to a medium rare and had so so so much flavor. There was a perfect meat to fat ratio. The prime rib was probably my favorite and the highlight of the buffet. For round four, I decided to eat another slice of prime rib, mashed potatoes, corn beef and hash, pineapple fried rice and a teriyaki chicken skewer. The corn beef and hash was okay. I'm used to the corn beef from a can. The meat and potatoes were shredded. The pineapple fried rice and teriyaki chicken skewer was really good. I liked the fried rice because it had chunks of pineapple in it. Pineapple is my favorite fruit and I love fried rice! The chicken skewer was very tender and the teriyaki sauce had a nice sweet flavor. For round five, I decided to go with another slice of prime rib, teriyaki chicken skewer, bowl of jasmine white rice and some more mashed potatoes. Everything tasted great! For my final round, I got a few slices of watermelon and fresh strawberries. Service: My girlfriend and I thought the service was great. She ordered the unlimited bloody marys and every time she finished one, the bartender promptly made her a new one. Our waters were always topped off without us even asking for a refill. The two gentlemen working at the bar were very polite and personable. Overall: The Buffet at Bellagio is great! The food was excellent! The buffet line can get pretty long and the wait could exceed over an hour. I'd definitely recommend sitting at the bar so you can avoid waiting for over an hour. I know there are many buffets in Vegas, but you will definitely get the best bang for your buck at Bellagio!
4	For $25 a person .... this was worth it! I wouldn't say it's the BEST buffet ever, but they have a huge selection and some stuff was really good!I was also able to skip the line & get my free buffet from playing "My Vegas Slots"! woot wooooot. So I got 2 free buffets from playing the game lol. I had to get my M Life card from the desk but it was good! We got to skip the whole wait, which was amazing cause we really didn't have much time to wait around. They have really nice waiters / waitresses and they're very attentive. Even though we sat in the far corner, we still got their attention every 20 mins. Plus, there was also a huge selection to choose from. I really wanted to eat their pancakes, french toast and waffles but apparently they change it out around 12pm for lunch items! But omg, their spicy tuna hand roll was AMAZING. They have it laid out but you have to ask the lady to grab it for you, so don't be shy! I didn't know I can ask at first until I saw someone else had it on their plate haha! But they had an omelette station, and it was gooood. You can even ask for some salsa to top it off :) They also had eggs benedict but I really couldn't even eat that after the omelette ... sigh. But I would definitely come back here for brunch! Affordable & fulfilling! :) Thanks, Bellagio!
3	Service was incredible (Alfonso was our server) and the overall food quality was good. Sushi selection was quite disappointing--especially when you are paying around $35 a person for dinner (even the kids). The kids weren't impressed with the selections offered and subsequently didn't eat too much--including the desserts offered.
4	Was there with the family and had dining credit to use. The restaurants in Bellagio where I could use the credits were too nice but I could use the credit at the buffet so we had dinner there and breakfast the next day. Dinner is $35 and breakfast $19. Breakfast is a much better deal. All the standard stuff egg, bacon, sausage, pancakes, waffles. Did not want to wait in line for omelet. Some nice things like eggs benedict that were very good. They also have a decent choice of chinese breakfast items such a rice porridge, steamed pork buns. Dessert at breakfast and dinner are identical but there are a lot of desserts  and all the desserts are very good so whatever I did not try at dinner I had at breakfast and then some.  For dinner you have prime rib that was very good and for me the best item. There is what they call Kobe top round roast that was tough and you should avoid. The selection at dinner covers pretty much everything. For the crab legs they are cold but you can give a plate of crab legs to the person behind the counter and they will heat it up. Not sure how they do it but I suspect they just microwave it. Wife like the crab legs but for me they are just too much work to eat. Kids were happy as the had mac and cheese is small ramekins, pizza and ribs and of course the desserts. For both dinner and breakfast we waited about 20 minutes to get in. We were there midweek and had dinner around 6:00 pm and breakfast around 10:00 am. One other thing they have very good coffee.
5	Had lunch there today. Line was longer than I have seen in about five years. A twenty minute wait, but everything was top notch, as usual. Four of us were $100 before a tip.
3	Brunch is way over priced for what it is
5	Went to the breakfast buffet, one morning during my trip to Vegas and I loved it!I was expecting just breakfast items, but they had breakfast, normal dinner/lunch options, and dessert! Nothing better than finishing a breakfast with chocolate cake and soft serve ice cream. I went very hungry so I feel like I got great value for the $32 price. Others around me did not seem to come prepared aka they only got one plate. If you are going to a Buffet, you better go hungry. These people may have come to the buffet hungover, but that is their fault and that is a stupid idea. I ate an unhealthy amount of bacon, but it was too good to pass up. Eggs Benedict was really good. I would suggest that you go to this buffet when you are in Vegas for breakfast as long as you can eat a good amount of food in the morning. My friends and I skipped lunch after this buffet.Also, general rule of thumb: two buffets in one day = too much. We went to Caesar's Buffet at night the same day and I am not sure I got the same value out of it as I did here.
5	Out of the several Vegas buffets I tried during a week here, they had the best food. Don't let the looks of the place and food fool you. Although other buffets have better looking spaces and food, your taste buds will not lie.The food was slightly better here than at Caesar's Palace even though the Bellagio was cheaper. And the Bellagio food was also better than some other places priced about the same.
4	As many people have previously mentioned, there needs to be half stars because I would probably rate this as a 3.5. My aunt really wanted to visit this buffet because it had been highly recommended by a friend of hers. We arrived at buffet at around 8p.m. and there was quite a line to get in. We were told that it was going to be at least an hour wait. We joined the line and settled in for the wait. Long story short, an hour and 15 minutes later, after dealing with a woman behind us who kept complaining about how hungry she was and how long it was taking for us to get in, large groups of people coming into the Invited guest line which ended with us having to wait at the beginning of our line for an additional 15 minutes, and then having to wait to be seated once we had paid, we were finally seated.Because it was already after 9 and the buffet closed at 10, I was concerned that there wasn't going to be very much of a selection of food. The selection wasn't bad, but unless you're a seafood fan or like Italian, there really wasn't much of a selection. Many of the other dishes looked picked over and only had maybe a serving or two left. I had been hearing good things about the desserts but when I finally made it through the crowd to there, it looked like there was virtually nothing. The few different desserts that were still there had a lot of each of them, but there were maybe 5 or 6 different choices. I understand that we had gone late and they were going to be closing in less than an hour, but I was a little disappointed. The food was good, but I had expected more from the selection. The highlight of our visit, and the reason that I ended up going up half a star and rating it a 4 instead of a 3 was our server Julie. She brought our drinks quickly and refilled without us having to ask. She also cleared the empty dishes and brought us new utensils quickly and efficiently. We had excellent service from her and it was much appreciated after a long day. I'm not sure I'll be back any time soon. If I do, it would have to be earlier in the day because I don't know if the dinner buffet is worth the $33+ and the wait in line. It was an okay buffet, though, and if you're in the area, have the time and the money to spend, then I'd say go for it. Just don't go after 8p.m.
5	Can't really go wrong with their buffet here.  The selection is huge and the service is excellent.  I would like to point out that our server always kept our drinks from being empty and when it came to taking your plates and getting you napkins or wet clothes, they did an amazing job.  Lots of people complain about the line up, this is the same case for most buffets since most guests or tourists go for the buffets.  As a matter of fact, if you are one of their MLIFE member and move up a tier (which is pretty much booking a few nights) you get to go through the VIP line up and skip the line... It came in handy for me as I just arrived to the room and was extremely hungry.  I just went though my VIP line and straight in.  I felt a bit douchey but hey, that's how their rewards program work and I'm just making use of it.
3	My husband and I ate here for both breakfast and lunch during our recent stay. Both meals were good, but we preferred lunch over breakfast. The lunch menu just seemed to have a bigger selection and offered desserts during that time as well. All the usual buffet food choices were available for both meals, but nothing really "wowed" me. I guess I was expecting that wow factor coming from one of the most prestigious properties on the strip, but I've honestly had better buffets at a few other properties nearby. The food was fresh, good but not great, and I left satisfied. I guess that makes it A-OK?
1	VERY SAD ! first its damn near 40 $.  for the first thing they start dinner at 3.30 I got in line at 10 till the line moved 3.15 i'm at the register . i'm asking this will be my dinner tab not brunch . 4 people could not give me a straight answer. crab legs they know why we are there get in find out no crab legs till 3.45 . next , one king crab station 80 PEPPS IN LINE . TOOK 31 MIN. TO GET MY LEGS AND THEY WERE FROZEN.YOU HAVE TO RING  THE WATER OUT OF THE MEAT. GOT BACK TO MY TABLE IT TOOK SO LONG THAT THE WAITRESS CLEARED MY TABLE .AND SEATED SOMEONE ELSE .EVERYBODY WAS YELLING AT THE LADY MANAGER IN THE ORANGE JACKET SHE WAS NO HELP .the line was winding all the way through the other food stations nobody can serve themselves to the other fair . man ! what a joke nowhere near the quality of food like when steve wynn owned it .. the last time i'm going there .its now a over priced downtown buffet . GO SOMEWHERE ELSE !
3	I think this review has to be done section by section...Meats: 2 stars... They were definitely edible. And they had a wide range of selections, from lamb to kobe top round to prime rib to beef wellington... The beef wellington was well done and overcooked... it was almost gray. And the puff pastry on the outside was completely moist and un-flaky, probably from sitting under the heat lamp. The lamb was just okay, a bit gamey, but nothing too difficult to eat. The kobe top round wasn't anything special, other than the fact that it said "kobe" on the label. The prime rib wasn't terrible, but wasn't amazing.Potatoes: I love mashed potatoes, and the Bellagio didn't disappoint. The scalloped potatoes weren't good, though. Too cheesy and just too much.Asian foods: Honestly I didn't try any of the Asian food options. I think it's a waste of digestive real estate lol. I literally tried a tiny piece of the chicken tikka masala and it was pretty gross.Seafood: 3 stars... The ceviche was just okay. The shrimp cocktail was PERFECTION. The king crab legs were obviously thawed from being shipped frozen, but they were still pretty good.Sushi: 1 star... The rice was gross. The fish itself was fine, but sushi isn't complete without rice. The rolls were just mediocre, as expected from buffets.Caviar bar: 4 stars... The American caviar was good. The caviars were served on either a piece of bread or cracker with butter. The tobiko was yummy too. I didn't try the ikura (salmon roe), because it's a hit or miss even at sushi restaurants, and therefore probably a miss here. They also had spicy tuna hand rolls and steak tartares. The hand rolls were actually pretty good, but I personally think it could have used a slice of avocado and a slice of cucumber. The steak tartare was delicious.Charcuterie: 3 stars... They had these different cheeses. My favorite was the one that was laced with black. The green was weird, and the pink was like alcohol.Dessert: 5 stars... THIS was the best part of the entire buffet. The selection was vast, and mostly all of them were on point. They had sugar free options (not my thing) as well as gluten free options, for those who are intolerant. The desserts vary from creme brulee, flan, chocolate options, and strawberry desserts. I think my favorite thing was their Georgia peach sorbet. All of them are pretty much on point. Even the coffee they serve was dark and delicious, and complemented the sweet desserts perfectly.Drinks: The only thing I wish was that they had unlimited drinks included in the price, just like Studio B. Overall it comes down to 3 stars. It's not bad, but I wouldn't come back here. There are so many more options in Vegas!
1	Vegas buffets! When you go to Vegas you have to visit at least one. However, I was very disappointed by the Bellagio buffet. It is very very expensive and I didn't feel like I was getting my money's worth. Most of the food was just OK and the prime rib was dry and chewy. I guess I was expecting it to be better than the run of the mill buffets but it was just like any buffet with mass produced food sitting under heat lamps. For the price I would never go back.
1	The Bellagio buffet is a meer shadow of its former self. My wife and I were big fans before this weekend. If you want to try a good buffet do not go to the Bellagio for one. Honestly I'd rather have gone to Home Town Buffet then to have to sit through the Bellagio buffet. The service is nonexistent and the quality of the food has gone down the drain and into the refinement holding tanks. The only reason I can justify one star is because there is food there.
4	Good prime rib and king crab legs. Also have Kobe beef but I was sure it was not real Kobe. Very chewy. Other stuffs are just Ok. Desserts are a little disappointing. Overall, better to pay 37 here than 51 at Bacchanal buffet.
5	Of all the restaurants we ate at this week, the Buffet at Bellagio was the best for price, variety, and service.  The carving station with flank steak, ribs, turkey, and brisket was perfect.  Side dishes such as garlic asparagus, chilled shrimp, a variety of pasta, and spicy tuna hand rolls complemented lunch delightfully.
5	If I could write a sonnet about the pesto mashed potatoes I would. If God ate mashed potatoes, he would get them from the Bellagio Buffet, and that's a fact!Potatoes aside, the whole experience was pretty great once you got past standing in line for an hour (even when the wait time was only "twenty minutes"), and coughing up the $40 price (it's higher on weekends because there is a cavier bar - which is completely useless if you're a vegetarian. If you're going in there not touching the seafood, cavier, or Kobe steak, at least eat a shit ton of the deserts so you make it worth the money!). Once we were finally seated the service was AMAZING. Glasses were always filled, plates hastily cleared away, and the food was tres tres good!! I highly recommend. If for no other reason than the pesto mashed potatoes (I had a mere four helpings...).
1	Ugh, the food was disappointing and disgusting. The variety was lacking and the main food was bland. The desserts looked impressive but were such poor quality that it was all I could do to keep from spitting it out! My friend felt the same way. Save yourself the time in line and go to Jean Philippe Patisserie if you want to eat in the Bellagio.
2	Well the anticipation of a "great buffet" was for nothing. The food was meh  basically a typical resort buffet with a couple extra perks. Desserts, taco bar, and sushi we're good,  prime rib, smoked ribs , flank, and Kobe beef were chewy and hard. Crap legs were small, skimpy, and cold. Fifty bucks really. Service was excellent though. In short save your money and eat somewhere else
3	If you are going to splurge on a buffet in Vegas, make it a good one. The buffet at Bellagio just doesn't compare with all the other great buffets in Vegas. The food and variety was just okay. The little pancakes they were giving out with the caviar tasted awful. There are definitely other buffets that have better food quality for sure.From what I remember customer service was good. Overall, nothing really special from this place.
5	Went for lunch $20, great food, they have sushi, shrimp, sliders, desert, breakfast, the whole works. Can't beat the price and the quality. You will enjoy it!
3	not too bad, but to be frank, the buffet not meet my expectation. or the buffet in some hotel in china is much better? a little disappointed.
4	5 stars for holiday dinner selection and quality,  2 stars for dessertAll of the attention these days seems to be on the newer buffets at Caesars, Aria and the Cosmo.  After a disappointing experience at the Cosmo, I was left wanting for more and decided to try an old classic.The holiday dinner buffet at the Bellagio was an exceptional display of Vegas extravagance.  While not much to look at in terms of decor, the endless meat/seafood selections made up for the poor ambiance.  King crab, caviar, shrimp, seabass, ahi poke, mussels, quality sushi, smoked salmon, lamb, brisket, ribs, beef wellington, prime rib, kobe beef roast, game hens, flank steak, short ribs.  The prime rib and the ribs fell flat, but the rest was very tasty - especially the lamb.  I love that they have all of the necessary condiments: mustard, mint jelly, au jus, horseradish, etc...I never eat pizza at a buffet - filler - but the pizza here is very good.  The truffle pizza and the beet/goat cheese were the best.  Some of the specialty salads here were good, but the other sides were just okay.  The big draws here are defiantly the carving stations and the seafood.Where everything starts to fall apart, is with the dessert.  Ugh.  Really bad 90s era soft-serve and super sweet cakes/cookies.  I just can't give it the full five stars until they upgrade that section.
4	I had two comp. tickets for this place for breakfast or lunch. We went towards the end of breakfast & so we were able to eat breakfast items AND lunch items. The chicken was so good. I thought it was going to be really dry but it was delicious.The workers were really nice & attentive. Except the asian lady that was outside doing the lines. She was so mean & rude. The food choices were pretty amazing & its spread out so that it isn't too overwhelming.
4	So much variety.  We went at 7 am on a Saturday and surprisingly we were able to enjoy breakfast and lunch! Lots to choose from however I didn't see many desserts.
4	Always serving up Alaska King Crab Legs for dinner.  If you like crab, make sure you hit this buffet.  We visit this buffet everytime we are in Vegas.  Food quality does vary somewhat and hence the four stars and not five stars rating.  On good days, the king crab legs, jumbo shrimp cocktails, caviar (served on certain nights only), prime rib, and desserts are all wonderful.  We like their Chinese Food section of the buffet but really do not like the sushi section.   The rice to the sushi never quite tastes right.  I guess we have been spoiled by good sushi places in our neck of the woods.  So if you are looking for a huge varitey of food with some good mean seafood, give this buffet a try!
1	What've you done or not done Bellagio?  You were the gold standard.  We should have asked for a refund.  Tough chewy meat, skinny crab, poor service. One star because of the desserts.
1	We have been here twice now and neither were very good or worth the wait.  We've been her for dinner and now brunch, and let's just say, gross I've had better at hometown buffet.  The brunch had few selections and what was there was horrible and not fresh.  Will not come back to this buffet ever, much better buffets for same price or cheaper on the strip.
3	On our recent trip to Las Vegas, my wife and I ate at this buffet on two separate occasions.  Once for breakfast, and once for lunch.  I ate at this buffet years ago, and remembered it being better than it is now, at least for breakfast anyway.  We first went here for breakfast, and I must say that I was less than impressed with the selection.  It had your standard omelette station, along with other breakfast staples like bacon, sausage, biscuits and gravy, toast, etc.  The food was all pretty good, it just felt a bit underwhelming for being the "Bellagio" buffet.  This hotel has so much glitz and glamour associated with all of its other restaurants, I just felt the breakfast buffet was lacking a bit.When we went for lunch a couple days later, that was better.  They had many more options such as sliders, BBQ beef brisket, prime rib, etc.  Their dessert station was lacking, though.  They had a few selections of pie/cake that were ok, but they just have a standard ice cream machine like you might find at Ponderosa.  Other buffets such as the Wynn or Aria have a much better selection of desserts, in my opinion.Overall, this buffet is just A-Ok.  Not great, but not bad.  The price of breakfast here is around $20 per person, which I thought was reasonable for the Bellagio.  After eating here though, I see why the cost is what it is.  I have a feeling they will completely renovate their buffet before long.  Just a gut feeling.  Either way, it was decent, but I won't be rushing back here.
4	Mlife black cardholder + free points = No waiting in line, lots of people throwing shade at you.  Hah!Foodies rejoice, this buffet has it all.  From seafood to red meat and fancy little bites in between, how can you not love this place?  Probably one of the nicer buffets on The Strip, if not the nicest!  Service is pretty speedy since I'm sure they want you in and out of there ASAP.  Come for the crab legs, the lobster, the lamb, the prime rib, and don't forget dessert!  Bottomless mimosas on Saturday and $20 for a bottle of wine ain't too shabby.  Would I pay to come and eat here?  Maybe.  Bellagio is an extravagant place and they charge you for it for sure.  Will I enjoy it when it's free?  Of course!
4	The line is stupidly long on a Saturday morning. I went with someone with a gold m life card which let us cut the line. I thought the food was worth the price, especially for a ballagio location.
2	I was actually looking forward to eating at this buffet because of all the good reviews it get on yelp. We went on Sunday night for dinner around 7pm. We stood in line close to 2 hours which was horrible. The price was ok, it was $33 per person. Once we were seated and got a chance to eat, i was disappointed with the food.  Maybe it was because i was comparing it to the Bachnal buffet at the Caesars palace which is  AMAZING!  I really was expecting more from the buffet. The desserts were ok and the food was just ok. Nothing great. If it wasn't for the long line MAYBE i would have given it 3 stars.
5	Quality of this buffet was much better than most buffets we've been to and we've been to a lot.  They have a great assortment of meats,  fish, seafood, pasta,  salads,  sushi, poke,  and restaurant quality desserts.   Also be sure to ask for coffee afterwards.   it is super.  Will be coming back again!   :)
3	Great selection of food items at a fairly expensive price. But hey, you're at the Bellagio.
2	The food quality and service are much Lower than our expectation.Too pricy for nothing.I don't recommend this place.They gave me the booth seat and it is very dirty also.Don't waste your money.
4	This is one of the buffets I keep coming back to while in Vegas.  Brunch is just under $25, including tax, no tip. Restrooms are inside the buffet, which is nice.  You don't have to worry about exiting the buffet and not being able to come back in.  The line is long. Expect to show up when they open at 10 am and wait half an hour.  I got there at 11 and wasn't seated until 11:45. There are waiters who take drink orders.  I didn't see any soda fountains, like at Monte Carlo. I liked that had an omelet station, where you could also get fried eggs.  For brunch meats, they had buffalo brisket, turkey, rotisserie chicken, flank, and ribs. The ribs were good!  That's what I would go back for.  Seafood was a bit limited.  They had cocktail shrimp and filets, but no crab (probably because this is brunch).  There was a variety of deserts, including soft serve ice cream and sorbet.You definitely get your money's worth at this buffet - for the food as well as the service.
4	My group and I have come to this buffet a few times and I must admit it has quite a selection. Would it be dubbed the best buffet in Vegas? Probably not. However, it still had a great atmosphere and good food. The dessert is delicious and the food choices are acceptable. The price of what you pay also isn't terrible so it's good for what it gives you.
4	One of my favorite gourmet buffets in Vegas.  The lines for this buffet is proof itself that this is indeed a great buffet.  Make sure you present your Mlife card to get points.  This buffet is pricey esp in the weekends, but it is worth it.
4	Breakfast Monday-Friday 7AM-11AM $18.99Lunch Monday-Friday 11AM-3:30PM $22.99Dinner Sunday-Thursday 3:30PM-10PM $33.99Gourmet Dinner Friday&Saturday 3:30PM-10PM $39.99Brunch Saturday&Sunday 7AM-3:30PM $29.99 w/ champagne $41.98Ages 3 and under are free. 18% gratuity is included for a party of 8 or more.As of July 26, 2014.My family and I are occasional visitors of Las Vegas resorts. Occasional as in, at least once every other year. Came this past week for an early birthday celebration for my dad. We stayed in Bellagio and dined at this buffet twice this trip. And there is always a line!So here is my TIP: Get a MLife card people! Once you reached past the beginners card, you can skip the long line at the buffets and go to the front. It probably saved us hours (no exaggeration). You also receive points on your card when you dine here (make sure you give it to them to slide).Weekday lunch review: Used the Mlife card to bypass the long line. Super crowded. I would come before 11AM since it would be considered breakfast time and stay for both. There is a omelette service station with crab legs, shrimps as options. Eggs Benedict, salads, pizza, cocktail shrimps, carbs (pasta, bread, bagels), desserts (same as dinner), ice cream, sushi (few options), soups.Weekday dinner review: Snow crab and king crab legs!! Prime rib (overcooked), ham (salty), rack of ribs (not bad), forgot what type of beef they had at the craving station but it was good, cockshrimps, pizza (why would you..), salad, 5 types of soups, dessert, ice cream machine, sushi, fruits, pasta, lots of fish, tuna and salmon poki. I had a food baby that night. As I recall from trips before, the Wicked Spoon had better options for desserts. Dessert isn't the best here nor special. Overall it's a good buffet though.
4	One of the best buffets on the strip. Most people go for their king crab legs. Great dessert variety. You'll find many things you'll love there; I'd list them all but there are far to many. If you are a VIP card holder, there isn't a line. If you are a guest at the Bellagio, then you have a different shorter line than the general public. This is one of the only buffets I go to on all of my trips to Vegas. Some people dress up to go here, but not necessary.
4	It's not worth the price if you're going for the crab, (snow or king).  You'll be disappointed in the quality.  I know crab, and I've had worse, but I expected better.   I rated it a 4 only because of the desert selection, which was very good.
3	We went here after eating at the rio buffet for several years in a row on our other trips. Our friends had gotten married and everyone went after. We were late and after catching up on some sleep made it over.. It was a weekend so it was like $10 more.. Never again. It may have been all the "gourmet" food but no thank you!! I'm easy, good quality sea food (hot or warm crab legs not cold or iced) and traditional buffet foods. This was not. It was all very good quality but to damn fancy for me. I tried caviar for the first and last time.. Three different kinds. I'm sure that may have been worth the $39 we paid per person but as for me it was way way over priced.The desert section was awesome! Gotta love bananas foster!
4	Update from my last trip in May 2014. They had the hamburger slider bar I adore so much! Yay! Sadly, at least during lunch on weekdays, there were no crab legs. Just shrimp. Boo. In their defense, though, it seemed like most of the strip buffets we went to for lunch were no longer doing crab legs. Maybe there is a shortage? Maybe it is just a dinner thing now?Also I had the turkey at the carving station and this time it was cooked gorgeously. That with the mashed potatoes, gravy and cranberries was like Thanksgiving in May. Yum yummy.I would enjoy a bit more selection in the sushi roll department and I am still missing the caprese salad at the salad bar but everything I had this trip was delicious. However, I recommended the pesto shrimp pizza to my friend and when we went to go get her a slice they had just put out a whole one right from the oven...and it was incredibly undercooked. The crust wasn't even slightly brown so she skipped it.Don't lose your focus, Bellagio! You have the ability to be one of the best buffets on the strip but you have to really keep your eye on quality!
3	I came here for breakfast. Yes the buffet was good and there was plenty of food to go around. There was not however, anything that stood out for me. As a side note, if you want to sit at the bar, go ahead and go through the exit where, if there is room, you will be seated right away. The bartenders were quite friendly and helpful.
5	I'm pretty picky when it comes to buffets. Quantity doesn't overpower quality...I've been to every buffet at the major hotels and all I can say is WOW WOW WOW. Bellagio's is by far the best! I've come many times to this buffet: we went again last night and it was simply fantastic.The service here is excellent: doesn't matter whether you're dealing with a server, hostess or the people in the charge, they always make you feel like Royalty. We were seated quickly, given the table of our choice and our server was really great. he checked on us often and we didn't have to want for anything.Now the food, OHHHH the food....this restaurant has by far the best selection. They have everything from comfort food to International to Kobe beef, friggin delicious pesto mash potatoes, curries, sushi, mac n cheese, chinese dishes, pizza that blows the local joints out of the water, and AMAAAZING desserts!! Their cheesecake and pecan pies are worth every calorie. Every dessert was great.I've been here many times and there isn't one item isn't that I tried that isn't delicious...we ate a ton and left feeling very, very satisfied.One other thing I've noticed: the food here is made with really good quality oils and ingredients: even though we always eat a lot, we always feel light in an hour or so. There's never heartburn, indigestion or anything like that. Great, great quality.This restaurant is by far superior to the other buffets at the hotels...and surprisingly, more reasonably priced! If you come to Vegas, you HAVE to try this buffet...they are by far the best one.
3	Our family checked into NYNY and they gave us two vouchers for buffets ($30 off each)  at nearby hotels.  We chose the Bellagio because of the seafood offering.   For a family of four, even with the vouchers, it still cost us $70 + tip.  The prime rib was good and they did have a good variety of seafood but it was just OK.  The sushi definitely was just buffet quality, nothing special and very limited choice. We had one server for our whole section so it was slow to get our dishes bussed and our waters refilled. All in all it was just an OK dining experience, and we left feeling stuffed from overeating of course.  It was a good value for what we paid, but without the vouchers, we would not do it again.
5	I've been to a lot of buffets, I've dined at some competing resort's buffets that looked very similar and needing to discard large portions of food there that wasn't prepared properly, or simply low quality.So far Bellagio's buffet is the best I've experienced. The food QUALITY is top notch and is as good or better than the entrees at a lot of $50/plate restaurants I've eaten at.+1 on the bar seating option, if there is just the two of you it is very convenient to skip the line.
2	Maybe I picked a bad day, but the quality of food here has really gone down the last few years.   I arrived just before 12pm on Saturday Aug 2, and so many of the stations were still on their breakfast items of pancakes, eggs, etc.   All the seafood fish items were really tasteless and very tough.   The pizza should not even be offered, as it looked like something out of the frozen section of a supermarket.   I didn't see any crab legs, but they did have shrimp out, which was pretty good.  I will say the desserts were great as always.   Also, service inside at my table was great, but the area where you pay looked totally confused and chaotic.
2	Definitely not a good buffet experience in Vegas.The food is no big deal. The Sushi quality disappointed me, dry rice and few options and also few options of seafood. The staff are not friendly and polite. Takes forever to replace used plates and to refill beverage. I would recommend other buffet.
4	Food was 10/10 but there was a minor blunder in service. Our server just disappeared. I kept craning and twisting my neck to look for him cuz we needed more drinks. I eventually called the manager and told her. So she sent another server. Turns out that the servers had switched tables so my original server was serving other tables now and his replacement server had no idea that she's supposed to be serving us. The new server was very nice and it was a happy ending.
2	Take it from a real foodie, this place is terrible. If you have any food standards, you won't spend your money here. Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan had much better quality and the presentation was even better. Overcooked seems to be the theme and overall just very subpar quality.
4	This is my first time here and it was on a weekend.  It was busy but the food was really good.  The Kobe beef was not that great but almost all the other dishes were great.  The sea bass was fishy.  But the dessert bar was amazing... I loved it and made the buffet the best.  They had every kind of dessert you could think of and they were all great.  I will be back again!!
4	Had a great breakfast/lunch spread! Went from coffee, bacon, eggs and  O'Brien potatoes to spicy tuna hand rolls, sliders, salad and beer! Lots of food choices ...could sit there for hours and get super fat.
4	So my second time in LV and i had never been to a buffet. I love food and I tend to not have very good self control so I steer clear from places like that. You know the kid in the candy store expression? Sadly that's me when I see food. Here is an example: I can eat pizza 24/7 if it is standing in front of me. I can tolerate the pain it gives me. So I was a bit nervous as there was so much potential for my ass to grow. But I figured when in it Rome, screw it and stuff your face, you are on vacation. Well I am ashamed to say that in 4 days, I went to 3 buffets. See? Zero self control. This buffet was suggested by trip advisor as top 5 buffets on the strip. It was second following Caesar's and third was the Wynn one. We went in and was told that the wait time was going to be bad. It wasn't all that awful. If you are like me and love people watching (and occasionally judging) then there was plenty of things to see and watch while waiting in line. We anticipated 1 hr and we were in within 30 mins. You sit down and the servers come and get your drink order. Then u go and pick your food and thats where all your troubles begin. HOLLY CHOICES! There were 5 kinds of salmon, cooked in all sorts of ways. Calamari salads, pasta, pizza, veggies, mussels, shrimp, beef, chicken, ribs, sushi, chinese food, breakfast food, all types of bread, a whole section with fruit and another one with desserts. There wasnt anything that I tried that I didnt like. I went absolutely crazy on seafood and fruit that I couldnt even make it to the pizza section. I was beyond stuffed. Therefore I became the healthiest eater in buffet history. Only fish and fruit. Hey I am ok with that.The only reason I deducted a star was because a few of the foods were cold. Otherwise, that place was every eater's paradise. Props to bellagio for even keeping up with the abundance food and people.
5	Best breakfast buffet I've been to. Flavorful, quality, and a great variety of choices for every palate and or dietary restriction. All of this for only $20. It's a steal. While you are there wall through the conservatory.
4	Great time, the food was delicious, the seafood was amazing, excellent taste and variety, the desserts were out of this world, good experience, the service was good and coffee was delicious. It was pricey but we will go back again.
5	Great price, even better food!  Time of visit: 2pmPrice: $24 (lunch)Food: Everything was fresh and tasty - most notable was the brisket and flank steak.  As for dessert, superior bread pudding!
4	This is definitely one of the better buffets in Las Vegas. The price is around 40 bucks for dinner and about 30 for lunch. One of the highlights of the buffet is the fact they have King and Snow crab legs on the buffet. The only thing I didn't like is that they're sold cold,  I'd rather have hot crab legs than cold ones. One great thing about the crab here is that its already cracked and they are served with warm drawn butter unlike other places. Other highlights were sushi bar and the beef. The dessert bar is underwhelming but the hot food selections are pretty vast.  I would like to mention that the food wasn't very gourmet and some dishes need a little more seasoning than others (palella) but I was still pretty satisfied. Staff was great and utensils and bar were very well kept.
4	Good buffet option but also a surprisingly good value!Went during weekday lunch for 22.99/person and was very pleased. Although the selection was poor in certain aspects (for sushi there were only california rolls and one spicy tuna roll), I was very happy with the overall quality consistency of choices. The heavier meat cuts including the St Louis pork ribs, brisket, and flank steak were all very solid. Even the Asian foods (from the perspective of this Asian) were very tasty. Interestingly, many breakfast foods were still available well into lunch hours, including an omelette station if that's your thing. Finally, it looks like they put out the full desserts repertoire for lunch, which includes awesome sugar-free options that are just as tasty as their guiltier counterparts.If you are looking for a Vegas buffet that will make you happy without breaking the bank, the buffet at bellagio is a great option!
4	Yummy!  Wish they had crablegs at lunch and a better dessert selection but a great value and better tasting food than Wicked Spoon.
1	Terrible, terrible! All the food tasted the same. Huge disappointment after so many nice meals at this hotel. Yelpers skip the buffet and save yourself the wait in line
2	This review is for 8/18/14 lunch time. This was to be our last buffet before we headed back home from our vacation. We had decided to save a good one for the end and we were disappointed. Lunch for 2 people $50 and it was slim pickings, they still had breakfast out in 2 stations and when we were leaving they still had breakfast out. Not a big variety of items, the lay out reminds me of the planet Hollywood buffet, nothing exciting that would knock your socks off. The food was warm some items were a hit and miss, the dessert station was disappointing. Best thing I ate was the turkey and brisket, the flank steak was way too bloody. Will I go back? No, not for that price.
2	This place was packed, but I didn't enjoy the eating experience. It's dimly lit with no windows. The old decor and dead ambiance made it feel like any run-of-the-mill buffet.The food was okay, but not as good as a regular restaurant. I might try a buffet at another restaurant next time
4	I've heard about the famous Bellagio Buffet since I was little. Yay finally tried it for lunch. It was a fair price ($25) per person to indulge in a variety of food. They have breakfast foods, Italian, Asian, pizza, burgers, salad, sushi, lox, herring (a personal favorite) and much much more. I assumed it would be more extravagant but I think the lobstah shows up during dinner. There was shrimp at lunch though. I tried a little bit of everything and this is what made me happy: lox, herring, trout, spicy tuna hand rolls, flank steak, polenta, mussels, pizza, salad and desserts. I would absolutely return again for more foood! P.S. I couldn't eat till midnight that day because I was so stuffed!
4	Boyfriend and I came here for dinner. Long wait in line but it was worth it. Variety of different food such as: steaks, crab legs, Asian, Italian and the deserts were too die for. The con's were that they didn't have lobster. Staff were very friendly as well. After dinner we watched the water fountain show in front of the hotel and it was so beautiful. Glad I got to experience this finally. ..
5	In my opinion, the Buffet at the Bellagio is the best one on the strip. I've eaten at the MGM, Mandalay Bay, the Excalibur, Caesars Palace, etc. and this place is at the top of my list. PRICES & THE WAIT: it's a bit on the pricey side ($25+) however it is all worth it. Caesar's Palace Bacchanal buffet was about $53 for dinner time and I really regret ever spending that much money on a buffet; the food was a huge disappointment and I wished I used that money here that night. Even when I went to the Bellagio buffet during the holidays, it costed less than that (~$45). The wait kind of varies on the time you go. For dinner you may have to wait 20-30min but I personally don't mind since it's my favorite. SERVICE: I have never dealt with a rude hostess/waiter/waitress here, so I dont have much to say except that they do their job the way they should. Once, when this  impatient couple was getting mad in line because of the VIP MLife members (they didn't understand how it works), the hostess talked to them in a calm fashion while they were complaining. impressive.FOOD: the food is to die for. They have a sushi bar that serves tuna and salmon poke! SWEEEET! And if you're lucky, maybe they will have steak tartar. I'm not a huge fan of that but I thought it was a cool food option to have. During the holidays they even had caviar! FANCY! Anyway, they also have a tastey Italian section, Asian section, pizza section... Everything is just so delicious. Some of the foods that really caught my attention and taste buds were the smoked salmon, pesto mashed potatoes and tortellini, and their tiramisu. If you're on a diet, don't hold back and please take a cheat day for this place. The food is AWESOMEOverall, I am always satisfied and 5lbs heavier after I leave the Buffet at the Bellagio. I make sure to hit it up every time I am in Vegas and you should too. Skip the other over priced buffets and come here to get your money's worth!
4	OK. It's a giant buffet. What I liked about it (other than the waiting in line, which is not so fun) is that it has many healthy choices amidst the usual fare.
2	Reminded me of a large Sizzler. Totally lacking in food taste and presentation. The buffets at Wynn and M Resort are much better. Shame because the rest of what Bellagio has to offer is top notch.
4	good food, and silver cutlery - quite a good buffet, but not the best. For the price, I'd eat elsewhere...
1	Came here on Friday night. After a long drive from San Diego we were starving.  There was no line which was great!I have eaten here a couple years ago and remembered it was delicious. I was very disappointed this time around. The crab legs and cocktail shrimps were frozen cold. The fish was dry and had no flavor. I am a big desert fan and they did not have a great selection of choices.The waitress who was serving us was very unprofessional.  She was cleaning the table next to us and was talking crap (very loudly) about the amount of tip the previous people left. I couldn't believe it! She not only did it once, but twice.  I would not come back. Definitely not worth it.
2	Way overhyped . The only good thing they had was sushi . The crab legs were dry and way over cooked so they lost all flavor. Everything else was mediocre at best . Excalibur and Fremont got lot better buffets then this one for a lot less cost .  Avoid at all cost .
3	Don't get me wrong, the food is great..... But not worth $50 a person. Since we're staying at the Bellagio, we hit the buffet more than once, simply due to convenience.  Breakfast is by far the best. Their biscuits and gravy is to die for! The only reason we're giving them 3 of 5 stars is service. The cashiers are not friendly at All and act as if they can't understand or hear your half of the time. We were almost overcharged more than once, which was simply annoying. The wait staff is unattentative, unless you look like you have tons of money.Regardless, we all paid the same price and should receive the same experience.
2	Really expected more from the bellagio! There was nothing special about this buffet. It felt smaller than the other buffets I have been to in vegas. My first plate I got mostly breakfast things and didn't eat any of it, just dry and bland. Ribs and prime rib were the only thing that stood out as memorable. But I went back for more and they were gone. Desert was not great. We opted for the $12 extra unlimited drinks and that was a great value for me since I was getting mimosas but the margaritas they were serving didn't taste like they had any tequila in them at all. I would recommend spending the extra $20 or so and go to wicked spoon.
5	Arrived around 12 pm? For lunch with my boyfriend it wasn't too packed on a Friday surprisingly. I'm always disappointed at buffets cause everything just tasted mediocre.  But this buffet has to be my favorite of all time! Their steak is so good and the quality is up there. Everything else was good as well too. Very good selection of food.
3	Food is ok, lots of selection. Just a way pricey for its quality on a Labor Day. Should have been more special. Dessert bar isn't what i expected.. Crab legs was wayyy frozen and salty.
3	I usually come to this buffet when I'm in Vegas because it is the best one on the strip from my past experiences. There was a good selection, just not too many things that I cared for this time I went.  Very pricey considering what I ate. I ate the usual suspects-crab legs and cocktail shrimp. The crab legs were very small and thin, maybe I got the bottom of the batch. The miso sea bass was good.  I filled mostly on creamed spinach and mushrooms. Big selection of desert, I tried most of them. The only ones that I liked were the creme brulee and vanilla ice cream, and better when I ate them together.  Food wasn't anything great,  but then again it is a buffet and got the job done.  Service was great-they took the plates away quickly everyone I got up and I had a new cup of seltzer before I finished the first without having to ask.
5	Hands down one of the best on the strip. We tried aria and we're not impressed expect the meats were delicious ......But the bellagio has soooo many choices the dessert and sushi were awesome.
4	Nothing bad to say about this buffet. Prices are very good I thought, seeing as its the Bellagio and Vegas. Thought everything I got was great! Great french onion soup, salad bar, and of course, the dessert section was amazing!  Loved that they had sugar free and gluten free options for folks with diet restrictions.  My husband said the omelette bar was great too!  I also highly recommend getting the fresh squeezed orange juice.
1	Mediocre at best, the prime rib was tasteless and chewy. The fish was dry, the sourdough rolls were so hard that I one could be used as a weapon. The salad was the best part because I made it on my own.
1	Food was good and our server was great. The management is very rude to their employees, especially those that are latino. I didn't like to see that and this is why I'm eating a 1. There is no need to make someone feel like they are less than you
3	Lemonade tastes bad...food is ok, nothing exceeds my expectation. Went to see O Show n thought would give it a try...wouldn't go again.
3	We tried this a couple of days after going to the Aria buffet and were really surprised it didn't give Aria more competition. Soft serve ice cream instead of gelato, Bellagio? Seriously, soft serve? There were bananas Foster (not superlative) and very nice creme brulee, one of our favorites.The prime rib was very good, as was the au jus. The crab legs and shrimp were good but standard fare. The sushi selection was rather disappointing, especially compared to Aria. The plusses were few and far between. There was an excellent selection of picture-perfect fresh fruit and a nice garnish bar with olives and nuts included. In contrast, the bread was below lackluster. At Aria I actually was tempted into two selections; at Bellagio it was easy to skip breads completely. The soups were boring and not at all tempting even though there were several selections available. I kept wandering around thinking I might have missed something, but no, I had not. My first glass of lemonade was fine. The next one was watery; the replacement wasn't very good either. Oh well. Go to Aria instead.
5	As a Las Vegas local and big fan of the buffet, I say this is easily the best buffet in town.  Have eaten here about a dozen times and will say it's consistently fantastic.   So much variety cooked to perfection and the taste is amazing across the board.  The service staff must be well taken care of because they are always attentive, polite, and efficient.I seriously question the objectivity of anyone who offers up less than 4 stars for this magnificent wonderland of gluttony.
4	re:  BreakFast buffetMy wife and I have made it a tradition over the past 7 years to eat at this Buffet each time we go to Vegas.  The name and decor is timeless in my opinion.  Even as old as the Bellagio is, this place is classic and has maintained an unbelievable level of upkeep.  We enjoy the robust selection of items available each time we go to this Buffet.  They really do a great job and we've NEVER EVER had problems.  This buffet is definitely one of the more expensive buffets on the strip and I believe it's still great value for what they provide.  Usually, we do not eat Breakfast Buffets as we are always sleeping in.  However, this time, we ate the Breakfast Buffet due to a long drive back home.  I can honestly say, this breakfast buffet truly exonerated what it means that Breakfast is the best meal of the day.  If you're up early enough for breakfast and want a buffet, the Bellagio is a must.My one negative is that they only have one bathroom stall.  I had to wait over 10 minutes, because some jackazz was smoking in there.  I did not realize that until I went to use the bathroom, because otherwise I would have told someone.  They really only have the bathrooms there for convenience, because they want to control who leaves and exits the dining area.  They really need to install another stall or maybe a separate restroom.
2	Where do I start? My first time staying in Vegas and experiencing a buffet that I was really looking forward to trying. Disappointed is an under statement. The price my wife and I paid was ridiculous for the quality of food we had. There were some items that I never tried that were actually pretty yummy but other things were not that great. Like the crab legs I was soooo looking forward to trying were COLD. So were the shrimp and the cod and salmon were flavorless. What was good though was the crawfish, tiramisu, and this smoked salmon tart looking thing with a fish egg to top. Everything else was just substandard. I do not recommend this place nor will I be returning.
3	Why 3 stars?. Its because ive been to bacchanal at ceasar palace and if to compare the two. bacchanal is far greater than bellagio. Price checkBellagio = $30+Bacchanal = $59$Just add 20 more and you will not regret it! =) Goodluck to buffet hunters! Happy feasting!
3	Most of the reviews are pretty accurate.  Food is ok.  Definitely not what I was expecting from the famous Bellagio, and especially not for $50 per person.  This was our first trip to Vegas and after looking at their site I had been craving this buffet for a week.  When we finally got inside everything was very underwhelming.  Staff was ok but not very outgoing kind of just going through the motions.  We had the lamb chop, kobe style beef, crab legs, prime rib and sushi.  Sure it was a great variety but flavor was lackluster.  Nothing else looked enticing and I tried a fruit tart just for the heck of it but could have done without.  I would look elsewhere for a better buffet.
1	Food was food nothing special. .. deffintly would not eat again.. not worth the money.. many more places to eat in Vegas if u wanna spend $50
1	if you truly care about the quality of the food you eat, then do not come to this buffet. almost everything tasted like basic diner food (denny's and ihop anyone?). It was super disappointing since we paid $50 per person. i don't recommend this place nor will i be coming back.
5	One of my favorite buffets in Vegas. My family and I come about once every two years and Bellagio never disappoints. The hotel had a reputation of being Vegas's classic hotels and the buffet doesn't stray far from that image as well. The staff is kind and the food is delicious. There's something for everyone. From salads to sushi, there's bound to be dozens of options that you'll crave again and again. The price isn't too high either compared to other buffets in town. The quality of service and food is excellent and a must go if you're in Las Vegas!
5	The Buffet at Bellagio never disappoints and we always eat here at least once during our annual visit to Las Vegas. We have tried others in Vegas (The Wynn Buffet, etc.) and they cannot light a candle to the Buffet at Bellagio. The Bellagio Buffet features peel & eat shrimp, snow & king crab legs, sushi, salads, prime rib and many, many more delicious options. The dessert choices are also very delicious. The staff is friendly and the decor very pleasant. The $32.42 per person (includes tax) lunch is well worth the price. Also, if you arrive at the tail end of lunch, you can stay for the dinner at the lunch price and enjoy many additional options!
3	Cheaper and not as good as it used to be. Not bad but not the 5* it used to be. I could say it was the best buffet I'd been to ever before (I'm a foodie and usually don't do them but if I hear of a great one). but this last trip, the $ went down and so did the quality.
5	This is one of the better buffets I've been to in Vegas.  A very wide selection of food and all of it was pretty good!  A lot of seafood too, which is a plus for me!  Lots of dessert options.  We went on a Saturday night so there was caviar, sushi, crab legs, etc. . . Not sure those are there on other day.  I was SOO stuffed afterwards!  Great buffet!
5	Went for Sunday brunch this last week. For two people it was about $64 with tax. I think normally lunch is around $23. Opted for the all you can drink option with sangria, mimosas, champagne and bloody Mary's among others for $13.  The buffet is way better than the Wynn buffet for lunch. Wynn cuts out waaayyy too many premium items for lunch at the price they charge.  Bellagio has great breakfast staples like made to order omelets, incredible eggs Benedict, French toast, pancakes and not paper thin bacon. Furthermore if you come around 11 they will set out the spicy tuna hand rolls. Yes I said hand rolls and also California rollsand spring rolls.  Prime rib and turkey were also available along with an ample amount of vegetarian, Asian and dessert options. My standout was the vanilla eclair.  Highly recommend the bellagio for any lunch meal.
4	This place seems to get forgotten amongst the newer fancier buffets around town, but this place still holds it's own. Yes it still is quite expensive, $43 for "Holiday Buffet." ( The holiday, btw, was Mexican Independance Day. Really Bellagio?)      Wasn't crowded at all on a monday night so was seated right away. Service was good, no complaints there. I come to Vegas to eat seafood and meat. The selection was really good especially the carving stations with ribs, lamb chops, and prime rib. The quail and the sea bass were exceptional. Most everything tasted really good so i was very satisfied overall. I would say Ceasars may be a little better but not by that much.      Seems like the guys at the carving station are kinda ticked off and mad about something, but then again if i had hundreds of rude tourists barking at me i would be a little ticked off too.
3	The Bellagio Buffet isn't bad, but it isn't spectacular either. If you are in Vegas and have time for one buffet, go to Bacchanal. I expected more from a Las Vegas buffet in the Bellagio, but it could also be that I ate Bacchanal yesterday and became somewhat jaded to Vegas buffets.  We ate Sunday brunch which was priced at a reasonable $30 per person, it would be an extra . We arrived about 1pm and the wait time was about 20-25mins from the beginning of line to being sat at our table.  Our waitress came over and served us coffee, orange juice and water.  The selection was probably about a third of what is available at bacchanal, about 15 breakfast items like eggs, omelet station, bacon, turkey sausage.  The food was of good quality but it seemed that the taste and flavor was lacking. Their lunch/dinner selection consisted of prime rib, pizza bland pasta marinara among other things.  They also had a salad station, sushi station, table full of shrimp packed in ice.  Their desert spread was average, some soft serve ice cream and sorbet, cookies, some ecclairs and bread pudding.  Overall, I would recommend the Bellagio Buffet, but second to Bacchanal.
3	Good food selection but don't go after 9:30pm. The food is picked up at 10:15 so you have to eat very fast. It was not the best buffet I have been to but I was surprised with some if the selections e.g Kobe beef steak, lamb chops.  The chicken tikka masala dish had good flavor but not authentic, was obviously made with a pre made masala mix. Desserts were just ok. Large selection but not great.
2	Overrated. Not like it used to be. You wait like 2 hours to get food and all the food is just ok. Spend your money somewhere else and spend less time waiting.
1	What has happened to the Bellagio dining options?!?!?!?!?!?  This used to be my favorite Vegas buffet.  If going definitely do not go for lunch as the selection is terrible.Lunch menu = salad bar, shrimp, a few random dried out entree choices.  There is no dim sum and no crab legs at lunch!!!!!!  Rather disappointing.
1	The Bellagio is considered one of the best properties on the strip - so how bad could the buffet possibly be? Well, think again. I'll just throw out a few of the oddities that struck me to make my lunch experience a truly miserable one. First, lunch was priced at 19.99 per the Bellagio website; when I arrived, I was inexplicably charged 24.99 plus tax. And, yes, it was a Monday. Add A Tip, and you're almost at twice the listed price for lunch. 2) The tables are tiny. Even lunching alone, I had trouble even fitting one plate, one drink, and my cutlery. 3) There is no indication as to whether drinks are included in the price. There is no drinks menu. I still don't know if I could've gotten wasted on buckets of Lager or had a glass of champagne. 4) While there is a cotton napkin - SINGULAR - there is nothing else you could put your fork and knife on as the napkin sits on your lap. So, throughout your buffet experience, your fork and knife will sit right on the ageing, dirty-looking wodden tabletop with hygienic (!) tile inserts. I really had to struggle. Would it be so hard to just supply either two cotton napkins or at least a paper napkin to set your cutlery down? 5) Going along the same lines, the plates are amongst the flattest I have ever seen. Who needs deep plates with oil and vinegar, pasta sauce, or other liquid food components? And, as you might have guessed, you WILL end up spilling vinegar or oil or whatever it is all over your wooden table - which drastically works together with number 4) to ensure that you don't have a napkin to wipe clean the mess - so you end up with a table too small, full of oil, vinegar, and with no dry space to set your fork down!6) Did I mention that the drink comes with plenty of ice, but no cardboard set? Condensing water just adds to the oil-vinegar mess that already burdens your table. 7) Whoever set up the actual buffet stations should be publicly flogged! Soup station: The soup ladle is TOO LONG to maneuver between the protective glass roof and the soup kettle! How on earth are you supposed to get your soup if you keep wiggling the ladle between the glass roof and the kettle???? Next station: Wood-oven Pizza. While the Pizza does look good, to reach the back row under the yet again too low glass divider, there is no way to fetch a slice without drenching your cuff IN front-row Pizza. Despite being REALLY annoying, I am shocked to see that the health department apparently does not see reason to intervene. I truly had to puke a little when I saw this setup!8) I don't really remember what the food selection was like; I was too busy trying to forget about the Bellagio Pizza (Spinach, Mushrooms, and patrons' cuff). But what I do remember is that there were sausages, BUT NO KETCHUP. There were sausage links - BUT NO MUSTARD. 9) Lastly, the checkin section is a joke. There are three randomly positioned cash desks at the entrance - once you're done paying, though, you are thrown in turmoil yet again. The line to the hostess actually requires you to backtrack to where you come from- resulting in chaos as people who are trying to pay stand alongside a queue of folks that already paid. Did I mention that your receipt is handed over to you stapled i n a real awkward way that prevents you from putting it into your pocket? So you stand in the waiting flock (it certainly ain't a queue) - with your semi-circular receipt in hand? Don't be fooled. All these 4 and 5 star reviews must be from folks who don't know any better and who are surprised that the Buffet at the Bellagio offers a selection beyond Arby's. I, for my part, was shocked, and am glad to leave this place.
5	My family and I went to the Buffet at the Bellagio. We couldn't have been more pleased. It was absolutely incredible. From our amazing helpful staff to the superb crab legs and desserts! I highly give this buffet a top recommendation on your next trip to Las Vegas.
4	I have been to so many buffets in Vegas for lunch and dinners and this is by far one of the best. If you're a buffet person, you should give this one a try.So many varieties and food selections. Food quality is above average and you can almost find any type of food you could imagine. Italian station as well as steak station are among the best. If it's a holiday or an occasion, there is usually a waiting line but you'll get seated pretty soon.One fact that people are neglecting is you can never expect high-end menu restaurant food quality from a buffet, considering this in mind, I'd say Bellagio is a good choice, and I repeat, if you're planning to have buffet meal.Dessert station is really nice with so many options.Staff are friendly but they're busy and it could take them sometimes to check up on you.One advice is going to buffet toward the end of lunch time, this way you'd pay for the lunch which is normally cheaper and you can sit through the dinner and enjoy the added items for dinner as well.
4	Ok the dinner buffet was not so bad. Of course and judging it by being a little bit buzzed from the happy hour drinks I had earlier. The dinner is reasonably price especially for being on the strip, you can have as much crab legs you want or shrimp, and all the red meat you can desire.Even if you're at the line the line does go by real quick I ended up being here with 4 of my crew mates. And literally we're seated and less than 2 minutes. As we are picky eaters, there was a wide assortment of different types of food.
3	Like many of the Vegas buffets, there is a huge selection, but bellagio's food quality is average/borderline bad.Pros:-their weekday dinner buffet ends at 10 (instead of 9pm like wicked spoon)-good, diverse dessert selection-they have snow and king crabs (delicious)-their sashimi mix was scrumptious (had both salmon and tuna)Cons:-their service can be a little slow. We had to look for a waiter to get us our water/drinks-came at 8:40pm and there was still at 20min wait for the dinner buffet (left us with 1 hr)-I was so excited to see that they had macarons, but it was just...bad. The middle part was just jam...what.-they had a lot of food, but there was only one or two dishes that I really enjoyed. There's something off about the food quality here.-dinner on weekdays was $34, but I still don't think it was worth the price Pass. There are better buffets/restaurants in Vegas (eg: burgr by Gordon Ramsey)
1	Quality control at its poorest! I spit out the pad Thai, I couldn't cut the meat with a sharp knife, the crab was too salty (you have to request to boil them to made edible). Bellagio, I expected more from you...
4	Quality buffet at a reasonable price. Lots of desert selections. Selection is not as good as Mirage, but the quality is a little bit better.
3	Sorry but very disappointed about this buffet , it's the freaking Bellagio ! Cons:- No visual appeal , sorry but you eat with your eyes first and this buffet look nothing spectacular . No cute presentation, regular dishes used for dessert, old school ice cream machine . The last buffet we did was The Wicked Spoon and we loved the presentation . - NO OYSTERS!!!!! Seriously at $43 , you would think they had a bigger seafood selection- Side dishes was like at a Hometown Buffet- Desserts nothing special, no macaroons, no gelato - The sushis selection was also very limitedPros:- We had good service, plates were always removed pretty fast.- They do offer  3 kind of caviars, I love ikura, they also had steak tartare and very yummi ahi poke and salmon poke .
3	Not a fan of buffets but this was decent. There was variety for everyone,,,beef, pizza, veggies, seafood and sushi.  They seated us together as a large group and the place was cleaner than most buffets I have been to.  Just don't eat the sushi...I had a tuna roll and it made me sick. I think the fish had been sitting out too long and I shouldn't have eaten it after it didn't taste quite right. Everyone else was satisfied with the buffet...a little pricey though.
1	I haven't been to the buffet at the Bellagio since 2000.  I have many fond memories of eating there 14+ years ago and thought it was time to go back.  What a mistake.Most of the food is low quality.  None of the prep staff in the kitchen knew of the specific ingredients in any of the food (I have a few intolerances... corn, soy, etc.), and many of them couldn't even speak English so I had a hard time figuring out what I could eat.  This has never been an issue at places like Aria Buffet, Bacchanal Buffet, or Paris Buffet (all of which are exponentially better than the Bellagio).I was so disappointed. This is the first time leaving a buffet hungry because I just couldn't risk eating food that I couldn't get ingredient info on.
3	My girlfriends and I had the lunch buffet during our stay in Vegas. There wasn't much visual appeal to the place and the buffet was  also mediocre. Not as great as I thought it would be. There's definitely better brunch options out here in Vegas!
2	I checked out The Buffet at Bellagio on a Friday night. The group I was with were looking for the right combination of a good buffet and a reasonable price. The Buffet at Bellagio, based on a few online reviews I read, seemed to meet those requirements,Then I walked in.First of all, they charged me a $47 "holiday rate" because of Columbus Day weekend. Columbus Day is a horrible holiday for many historical reasons in my view, but that aside, I was there in a Friday. Columbus Day was on the following Monday. Why would they gouge customers for $47 three days before a random holiday? Anyway, that wasn't a good start to the experience. But I want to review this place irrespective of those shenanigans and provide an unbiased assessment.The food was decent and diverse. They had a couple meat stations - one which was serving prime rib and corned beef, and another which was serving goat shanks and lamb chops. The corned beef was really flavorable as was the lamb shanks. Those who tried the other options had a similar assessment.They had a few seafood stations, one which had shrimp cocktails, another with several different types of crab legs, and a sushi station. The crab legs were sliced in half vertically, making it easy to eat. The shrimp was okay. The sushi was underwhelming (especially the sashimi). They had a pizza station which was pretty good. They had a few different kinds of thin-crust pizza, and I appreciated that.Everything else, for the most part, was pretty "meh" for a buffet - nothing better than you'd have in your average buffet in other parts of the country. The one thing I will offer specific praise for is the dessert section. They had several different options - cheesecakes, brownies, flan, cookies, creme brulee, ice cream, etc. After trying a bite of a few different options, I can say that they were all good except for the flan.Ultimately, when factoring in even the regular, non-holiday rate, I'd say that it isn't worth the price when there are several better dining options nearby. It's definitely not worth $47. Ridiculous.
1	Okay, this is my second time at the Buffet. The first time I was really impressed, the food was delicious and there was such a big variety. And the dessert buffet! The best. So i decided to come back 3 weeks later with my family. It was a Wednesday night, there wasn't a big line and not top busy. The food was again delicious, but the service was the worst. We were 3 adults and a kid and had ordered drinks for 3 adults, but it seemed like after 2 drinks it was a problem giving them to us. Our waitress seemed more and more angry and did not smile or talk back when we asked her to bring drinks. After 1.45 hours she said that we couldn't get more drinks and had to go. WHAT. Okay, on the receipt it says that they would like if people would stay no longer than 2 hours, but we just asked for a last drink. Well, she came back and said you can get a last one. And then in one of the drinks there were bugs in the ice cubes. BUGS. So gross. We talked to the manager and she apologized and we got the money back for 1 unlimited drinks (around $13). I am never coming back, good food, but that can never make up for the bad bad service, and BUGS in the ice cubes. EWW
3	Last time I dinned here was a few years ago and the quality is really good, so this time I decided to give it another try. Came for a Thu dinner at 7pm, the wait was not bad about 15 minutes. The quality of the food is just not the same. I am kind of disappointed by the selection. I will only come back to eat if the wait is shorter than 30 minutes, anything longer than that is not worth it.
3	A bit too steep for a limited selection. We went on a Thursday night, given this isn't a crowded night we still expected a bit more. The selection was not very big at all, the quality was all great but I was still a bit disappointed. Pros:Amazing desserts (the biggest variety in the buffet was with the desserts), friendly staffCons:Expensive, limited selection.
3	We went to the Bellagio for brunch at around 10:30am and were really surprised that there wasn't much of a line. We got through it quickly and were seated right away. The highlights of the buffet were definitely the breakfast items. The eggs, bacon, and potatoes were so good that after trying a few other items, I went back for seconds! The waitress did a good job making sure our drinks were refilled promptly and the ambiance was nice. For the price and the fact that it was brunch, it was a lot of money, but I guess it's expected at the Bellagio.
5	So much food! Unlimited Kobe beef, shrimps, dessert.... We ate so much we were not able to get up and walk out.  It's more expensive then most buffets and the line is usually very long,luckily we are vip so didn't have to wait in the same line as most people but it's worth the wait.  Delicious!!
3	I like to come here on a friday right before dinner time so i can save money by paying for lunch price but get dinner entrees half an hour or so later. King crab is the star of the show here. Their snow crab is icy cold and split in half which i dont like. I absolutely love beef wellington but their recipe only gets two to three stars. Beef wellington is not that hard to make at a five star level. I can't believe they can't figure out how to make it better. This is the Bellagio, isn't it? Prime rib and kobe steak also need help.All that said, i still come because the king crab and a few other items make it worth it to me.  But i hope the chefs read this and at the very least enhance their beef wellington recipe. Perhaps more mushroom pate duxelle and a Madeira gravy.
3	the cashier is a douchebag herea child costs the same as an adultplace is hyped, alot of the stuff seemed fancy but was just...false for some reasonnot so greatwynn is better, so much better
4	The Buffet at the Bellagio is fabulous. This past weekend we ate lunch at the buffet twice and were overwhelmed with both our choices of food and the excellence of its preparation.For years, I had my own cafe and bakery and I love good food ,and I can honestly say this was a total treat - at a wonderfully reasonable price.The seafood was abundant - both cooked and raw. A wonderful sushi bar. An entire area devoted to wonderful european style thin crust pizzas - seven or eight kinds, and other Italian delicacies. There was a station of delicious innovative salads and an area of warm meats - loin of pork done on a rotisserie in the background, prime rib slices, chicken wellington and on and on.The selections were terrific either for vegetarian or meat eaters. A relaxed environment with no rushing and adequate table service for drinks by very friendly waitstaff. Definitely a bargain in the Bellagio , as one sandwich hovers individually around ten dollars in the other cafes. Everything was delicious.
4	Great choices and many. Mountains of crab and shrimp, kobe beef, salads and sides. Desserts all tasted the same though. Skip it and go to jean louis.
2	Quality of food has gone down.  We went for dinner and were disappointed.  We have been here before so we looked forward to returning.  We will be going to Wynn instead.
3	Brunch selection is amazing- you have a good variety of foods.  While the food quality and selection was great, our service purely sucked!  I asked for a cup of coffee and received it 20 minutes later.  My other drink refills (non-alcoholic at that!) were also slow to come around.
2	I don't understand the hype of this buffet. Personally I find it overpriced. For example the lunch buffet is only $22 and served from 11am-4pm. They other basic selections of pasta, meats, salads, and 1 sushi option, which is a California roll. Now dinner is 4-9/10 and is doubled the price per say, and includes all of the same items BESIDES an addition to cold crab legs and shrimp. I personally like crab legs hot, so I didn't enjoy. We ironically got there at 3:30pm, obtained lunch price and then experienced dinner for no extra charge. When I saw the dinner selection I was shocked that they would charge people almost doubled for the same thing. I suggest you do what we did to save money and go end of lunch. Good luck
4	We went for dinner twice on two different trip to Vegas, and so far we think that this is the best buffet in Vegas by far! There is a lot of variety, and everything tastes quite good to excellent. I love the king crab legs! We will certainly go back.
3	First off, the front end staff is absolutely terrible; miscommunication amuck and heckling us about how many people were in our party. Children are charged the same as adults $37 - serious? Did I just walk into Big Wong's Chinese Restaurant? For comparison, I also went to Wicked Spoon of the Cosmopolitan. Bellagio definitely has a wider selection, but loses in the uniqueness category. The pros:-Good sushi selection/quality. I murdered a whole school of fish during my consumption of salmon sushi. -Decent seafood variety-Numerous red meats available. -1 point for the abysmal kobe beef. How embarrassing. -Delicious creme brulee. Inhaled at least 5 of these. The cons:-Front end staff. -Limited "speciality" items and ethnic food. -Besides the creme brulee, desserts were mediocre. The Buffet at Bellagio doesn't disappoint, but it misses that "specialness" one comes to expect from a Vegas buffet. For strictly taste purposes, I'd give the nod to Bellagio. For the overall experience though, Wicked Spoon wins there.
2	The Bellagio is probably one of the most famous locations on the Las Vegas strip. Whether it is renowned for the amazing dancing fountains or the glamour from Danny & the boys from the Oceans 11 trilogy, the Bellagio is a must visit when travelling to sin city. However, if your hunger takes over in between poker hands, may I suggest a trip down the road??? The fact that it was the buffet at the Bellagio enticed us to line up to get in. After a bit of a wait (about 15minutes) we were in. The food was pretty sub-standard from the meat, to the sides & even desserts. Applebee's even looked good over this place. Then came the service. These waitresses  obviously get paid fairly well as they sure ain't pushing for tips. Please don't let the name of Bellagio entice you to enter the buffet doors, but if you must go, don't expect too much.
3	After coming here I would hesitate to pay full price for their breakfast/lunch buffet!! But with a free comp or free myvegas voucher. I am in! When it comes to the Bellagio name usually everything is amazing. This buffet however lacks that amazement. Its just ok.  The carving station provided several choices. I enjoyed the turkey the best. The chicken was so dry I could not eat it. The bbq beef...save yourself and avoid! The breakfast items were standard fare, but of course the deserts do shine at the Bellagio. The pizza station is pretty cool, but personally I dont want pizza at a buffet! I must get my moneys worth(or the free voucher moneys worth).The salad bar was very plentiful on options and good. The smoked salmon I had was really not good. My pieces tasted off with a horrible flavor. My drinks were filled quickly and plates removed faster than the speed of lightening. Overall ok. Just not spectacular!
3	Dinner was Good but wasn't as great as expected. However breakfast/lunch is a lot better! Free drinks ( soft drinks, juices, coffee and tea) and $12 unlimited alcohol package available. Staff is very rude and unorganised however waiters are friendly but very few, so do mind then running around past you a lot trying to do a 5 man job on their own.
5	We went for Sunday Brunch and added on the All You Can Drink option. They had a large variety in there food; salad bar, carving station, sushi bar, pasta bar, pizza bar and everything breakfast.      * There Prime Rib was delicious (ask for it cooked to your liking).      Bartenders/Servers Jimmy and William were awesome!! They were quick with the All You Can Drink turn-around time. The service and care that they gave to us was impeccable.      We will definitely being going back soon. Probably for Thanksgiving Brunch.
5	Awesome buffet!  Loved it!  They had lots of seafood items. Very nice friendly people.
4	On a hot April afternoon during our stay at Bellagio, we decided to try out their famed buffet.The buffet was quite good, though we felt it was pricey at $40-ish + taxes, and that too because it was a weekday lunch, heard its much higher over the weekends. But then it's Vegas, so you can't expect value for money I guess :) Coming to the food, there was a huge array of dishes, and my wife who is a vegetarian also found many good options in it. It was mostly an international mix, with something to satisfy every palate.The service was ok-ish, and at times we found the servers looking disinterested.To sum up, while in Vegas you can definitely experience this buffet once, probably before or after watching the spectacular fountains :)
5	The Buffet at the Bellagio was the best and left my buttons bursting by the end of my meal!  I visited this location on a Monday night and paid $34 to partake in the mountainous piles of seafood, pasta, salad, soups, meats, and international fare offered here.  There was no line and I was excited to dive in as soon as possible.  Buffets are a great place to try foods that I wouldn't normally try or order at most other sit-down restaurants.I started by piling my plate high with King Crab legs.  Having never tried these before, I now understand why the fisherman on Deadliest Catch go to such lengths to catch them.  Wow!  This was a fantastic opportunity to fill up on an item that I will likely not have again for some time.  I also very much enjoyed the Kobe Beef, shrimp, roasted fingerling potatoes, and so much more!  I would love to list off everything that I ate but in complete honesty... I can't for the life of me remember nor picture each plate that I brought back to the table.  As a girl with a sweet tooth, I was ecstatic to discover the number of options I had at the dessert bar.  What I liked most about it were the very small portions served.  I grabbed a big plate and brought 4 or so small desserts back with me to sample each.  As I circled around my plate of goodies, I couldn't believe how delicious one dessert was compared to the next.  Cheesecake, cappuccino mousse, rich chocolate bubbles, and nutella tarts were swimming across my vision and eventually in my belly.In addition to the excellent options and flavorful food, the service here was equally impressive.  Our waiter was very quick to clear our plates and refill our drinks with each departure.  Considering my date and I were barely at the table at the same time,  going up for food whenever our plates happened to empty, this was a difficult feat to complete.  When my napkin appeared even slightly soiled from some stray cocktail sauce, a fresh one showed up.  New silverware even appeared during my time there.  Fantastic!My only regret is not trying this place out earlier in the trip.... so that I had the opportunity to return.  I think the price was more than fair for the options and quality of food served here.  I would definitely return to this location if in Vegas again!
4	Food is delicious, but the right hand doesn't know what the left is doing when it comes to seating people. They seem confused. However, the chefs know exactly what they're doing. When I do a buffet, I normally go to the M Resort Buffet and the Bacchanal Buffet. To me, Bellagio's buffet was just as good.
4	1. Verdict/Value: One of the mid to better options on the Strip - enjoy on a weekday for lower pricing!  Steve Wynn fans should really enjoy the buffet at The Wynn instead of this one for better food quality and selection.2. Food: $33.99 for dinner during the weekday, it offers a fair range of good quality options over a number of other buffets on the Strip.  Salads, pasta, carving stations, food of various ethnicities and cuisines await you before the selection of soft serve ice cream and mini desserts call your name.3. Service: It's a buffet, so expectations are low; the server we had did a good job in making sure our beverages were always full.4. Atmosphere: with decor matching the rest of the casino, it's clean, pleasant, and bright enough to know what's underneath the tables.  Hungry and/or those wanting a more contemporary environment should ask for one of the four-seat cherry-wood tables near the buffet.
3	We came for Weekend brunch which was pretty good though inferior to the other ones in Vegas I've been to this year (Bacchanal, Wicked Spoon, and Mozen ... yes I'm always uncomfortably full when I board the plane back home). To be fair, it is also cheaper than the ones I've named at 29.99 for regular brunch Saturday and Sunday. BUT we realized the next day they had charged us the champagne brunch price of $41.99 without anyone offering us champagne!!! GrrrrThe selection is fairly standard. The highlights included their pesto mashed potatoes, and their thin pizza selection which includes a delicious pesto shrimp. The fiancee enjoyed his prime ribs a lot, but the seafood selection and quality was unimpressive. The desserts were fairly good, though I prefer the gelato stations at Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon). The ambience and decor is fairly casual- the seating area makes me feel like I'm at a diner instead of in the Bellagio.
1	the food is not too great staff -poor service nothing beats the Baccanal buffet at Caesar's Palace
3	So, after reading a few reviews the wife and I decided to Go the The Buffet ...and drum roll please.,.!??!?!!..... It's was Okay good food but there were a few hiccups ..I say this because the food was good but when it's came down to the main event the Crab Legs ( isn't this where we get our monies worth?!? ) it's wAs a complete FAIL......so after slipping in on the tail end of lunch we decided to stick around to see what dinner had to offer...The flank steak is a MUST have and the mashed potatoes are really good too...now on to the bad part:::: the Crab Legs ...BEWARE they are cold/frozen...now you can have them heated but the line is so long it's rather discouraging ....now I'm not sure about you but I Need butter..and After waiting 25mins for some to become available I almost sat my plate of now  Cold crab legs down and called it a day. The butter finally arrived ...but i was disappointed when I took the first taste ...bland /cold ..and lackluster crab...nice try..even the butter had no taste ..everything else was pretty standard..glad we got the lunch price
4	No doubt the best buffet in Vegas!! We were there from 10am-12pm. Started out with breakfast and ended with lunch. Amazing food and our server was fantastic! Add on for the unlimited champagne is necessary! Highly recommended if you are visiting Vegas.
2	I have always heard how good the buffet was at the Bellagio hotel so I decided to try it. Maybe I was expecting too much but I was very disappointed!! They do have a large selection of food but the quality is below average. They did not even have their famous crab legs !! The sushi was horrible, the dishes did not have much flavor . I think the best part of the Buffett was the salad bar.. As long as it was not cooked it was fine.
2	We ate the dinner buffet here about an hour before closing. I was not impressed with the quality of the food for the price. The only thing really noteworthy were the desserts. Perhaps lunch is a better option. I would not return again for dinner though.
2	So far had dinner on a Friday and Saturday brunch. On Friday food was excellent, service a bit slow but place is huge. My biggest gripe is quality of food for price on Saturday. They reheated some of food on Saturday from Friday. Specifically pasta with marinara sauce. Also allot of the buffets welcome the 30,000 runners and families with some type of discount. Bellegio is not having any of that. Price is 60 for 2. Would recommend to visit craving at mirage for a 50% discount for rest of weekend. Also  a pro-tip maybe send the hostess at the front to some pr training, she acts like she's working at a dmv. Brash and ready to pounce not what I expected from such a beautiful property.
1	Save yourself money and time by going to the Rio instead. The Rio's about half the price and the line outside moves quicker. This buffet was a massive let down. I'm a local and brought my mom there for birthday. $32 per person is fine when the food is good. Not the case. Servers were great but nothing could save the food :(
4	I'd actually go with 3.5 stars if I could, but for once, I am glad I can't because it wouldn't be fair to the business.  Here's the thing - my girlfriend and I had just finished the rock n roll half marathon and wanted to eat.  Our original plans were to grab 1 buffet this weekend, and it was not going to be this one.  Unfortunately, the one we wanted to go to was closing by the time the race ended (we were planning on going a couple days prior, but circumstances required us to skip it).  Therefore, we were trying to decide between the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars, or this one.  We chose this one because although we loved the one at Caesars when we were last in Vegas, we wanted to try a new one.  Therefore, we came here.  However, we realized after we paid that we had been here before (we didn't remember going to 2 buffets our last trip) and therefore, should have gone to Caesars, which we preferred, but it was too late.  Therefore, I didn't enjoy it as much as I would have because I was disappointed in the decision to come here in the first place.As I said, that's not really fair though because the Bellagio has a really good buffet.  Is it as good as Caesars?  Nope, but it has plenty of options and it's all high quality and very tasty.  It's funny, but you are actually not that starving after a long distance run.  I thought I would be, but until your muscles relax, everything is so tight that you can't eat as much.  Therefore, I wasn't able to eat as much as I wanted to.  Nevertheless, I did enjoy one plate full of carved turkey, rotisserie chicken, carved ham, kobe beef, and some potatoes.  Also had another plate of some Asian food and crab legs, and finally, 2 bowls of won ton soup, which was probably the best item (sooooooooooo deliciously salty!).If I had to complain about something - and lets face it, if you know me, then you know I have to complain about a lot of things - it would be the dessert.  Firstly, no cookies?  How do you not have trays of cookies?  Secondly, a lot of the desserts were just disappointing.  No apple pie or cobbler, only 1 or 2 cheesecake options, no brownies.  They did have mini key lime pies, so there was that, and they also had ice cream, but it was 35 degrees out, so screw that.Also, the buffet at Caesars serves things in little tapas plates.  So rather than you heaping loads of food you won't finish onto your plate, Caesar's controls the portions.  You can always grab more than one, or go back for more, but if I had to wager, I would say that Caesar's system wastes less food.  If you give me two buffets, and I can eat as much as I want - to the point of bursting and making a disgusting mess - at both, and both serve high quality delicious food, but one wastes less, then I'll go with that one.  Also, if I am being honest, Caesar's has better options, too.But, just because Caesar's is better doesn't mean Bellagio is bad.  Heck, go to both.  Apparently, I did, but I ate so much I broke my memory.
2	This buffet is just ordinary compared to the other ones out there. Nothing special at all. So many other good places to eat, I wouldnt waste a meal here.
4	Four words: Alaskan King Crab LegsNuff said.  Pre-split, unlimited, and served with hot butter, I really didn't waste my time eating much else here.  Ask one of the workers to heat your crab legs (iced on the buffet line) in hot water before enjoying!Like all other Vegas buffets, the spread was pretty decent with a full sushi station featuring make-your-own hand rolls, a full salad bar, a carving station with prime rib and steak (which was overdone), a soft serve machine, and a wide array of mini desserts.  Good quality, and all for about $35 on a Thursday night.  Win!Ambiance was a bit nicer than most Vegas buffets, and they didn't charge us extra when we ordered illy coffee and hot chocolate.Tip: Dine before 6 to avoid massive lines!
2	There was a time--back in the 1990's that the Bellagio Buffet was on top--a must visit when in Vegas.  I craved it.  The bronze and silver shined, the service was filled with energy and excitement, and the food--extraordinary.  I remember sitting down and just polishing off lots of carp and lox and salmon.  But those days are no more--and they have gone been since the crash of the economy in 2008--this Buffet has never come back.On my last visit, which will be my last--the bronze and silver was worn and did not shine, the service was dull and angry, and the food mediocre.  Gone was the great quality Lox and Carp and Salmon.  It reminded me of a Buffet that was headed toward Circus Circus level.  But people keep lining up--because it's 1990's strong reputation lives on with people that never experienced how great it used to be.  They accept mediocrity because they never knew superiority.  Chicago Grandma tells her 20 something grandkids, "don't forget to check out the Bellagio Buffet, it's the best in Vegas..."  But grandma has not been there since Millenium New Years Eve in 1999.  There are others that have those great memories of the 1990's at this Buffet, know that it is no more, but keeping checking-in hoping that it comes back, only to leave disappointmented. This buffet has no incentive to improve because people line up like cattle for the slaughter not knowing any better--just what they heard.  And if they can keep filling the seats without improving--it's a cash cow for the casino--it may make more money than some of the tables many nights.  It's depressing to see what it has become.You're meal here will be OK, you will walk away full and satisfied--but there is much better for your dining dollar folks I hate to tell you.
3	I went there for brunch on Saturday with my dad and sister. Paid $33 for each of us. Food was okay, nothing to complain or brag about but did not feel especial. Environment and service  were nice though. Took off 1 star for price.
3	Lack of variety, theres shrimp, beef and thats it.No salmon, king crabs, or any of that stuff needed for a good buffet.Rather pay 15 more dlls and have the real buffet experience. Woulndt come back here.
4	I didn't like the decoration but the food was super tasty. Very good place for family's .Great international selection. Amazing desserts.I totally recommend . Satisfaction guaranty with a reasonable price.
5	The Buffet at Bellagio is still one of the top contender buffet champion! Since the poor recession, a lot of the once great buffet places has find ways to skimp back on the food quality to stay in business! Before when I came to Vegas on vacation. The first thing I do is to sample all the great buffets LV has to offer. But now I only eat at a select few just to be safe. Don't want to call in sick from food poisoning after getting back from a vacation. Won't look good on future resume. Anyway! The food quality is still amazingly fresh and delicious. Customer services are excellent! Employees look happy and courteous to serve you. That's why I usually leave tips. Don't be cheap thinking you are not getting good service at a buffet. Some of the nicest servers or bussers I met at a buffet are much more professional than the ones at a five star restaurant, and you don't have to tip them like Donald Trump! So if buffet is your thing and you don't want to break your bank going to the more expensive buffets like Wicked Spoon or Bacchanal. Then The Buffet at Bellagio is your place. They have great selections like cracked or half-split Alaskan crab legs and sea bass. Great dessert and cheese selections. And they still honor the trick I learn from LV locals, go half an hour before dinner time and pay the lunch price to get dinner meal. Most buffets in LV has caught on or got cheap and stop serving between each meals. Some even have the nerve to tell you that they need to charge you dinner price because they are serving dinner soon. LV is still one of the top vacation spot I go to often to get world quality treatment! So please support the American economy by shopping and eating locally!
4	Was a pretty satisfying buffet due to the coupon I had. Salmon, salmon poke, the prime rib, desserts, and crab legs were pretty good. Staff were very easy going and friendly would return here to eat again
2	Let s start with the food, not much of a variety, like any regular Buffet but you have to pay $35 for it!! Waiting time was almost for one hour standing on my feet!!Don t throw your money on it while you can go to Bacchanal buffet at Caesars and enjoy every bite for the same money.Bad experience.
1	WARNING Thanksgiving Brunch Diners. Only 18 of the 62 dishes that appear on the Bellagio Buffet Thanksgiving menu were served today at brunch. Huge disappointment this was our worst thanksgiving day meal ever. To make it worse, Items were not served hot & lacked flavor, wait staff was unsmiling at both table side and food stations. Save your money and the long wait. We had Campbell's tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwiches for dinner tonight & enjoyed it more.
4	Delicious! I will definitely return to this buffet. The dessert and food selection were perfect.
2	Spent 45mins in line and huge disappointment..-Low quality food, their meats (pork roast/ prime rib) aren't good at all as they are all dried and hard and overcooked .-unworthy price, this buffet costs $37.99Also +13% of tips with 8 people or more -food choice = badAs a sushi lover, I was looking for some raw fishes or fish sushi. But they only have vegetable sushi and smoked salmon!! Also, they have weird desserts and soup (carrot cake, pumpkin cake, some kind of nuts soup==)By being nice, this restaurant worth 2 stars because their service. Some of the staff's attitude are good
2	This is pretty much an average buffet.  Nothing in the buffet had me going back for seconds.  Our party of three went over the thanks giving weekend and it was more expensive at $50pp.  We expected a little something more at that price.  All that was offered additionally was turkey and ham roast carvery which we didn't even try as it looked rather dismal.  Two stars given due to the increased price.  In summary:Stay away from the Asian food and caviar barSeafood selection is average at bestPrime rib is niceDessert selection is niceDO NOT bother paying extra for the "holiday special".
1	Wish I could give it less than a star.....the worst!!!We were sick the entire day!Even a local came up to us and said he thought that it had gone down in quality....DONT EAT HERE!!!
3	Maybe not one of the top 3 but definitely one of the most popular Vegas buffets.  Bellagio buffet is large, straightforward, not exactly opulent, but certainly nice and consistent enough to make one feel pretty good about paying the high-ish but rather reasonable price.  I've eaten here twice in two different trips to Vegas, each time pretty satisfied.  The selections are impressive and mostly good quality, though not any particular item stands out as amazing.  The Asian foods are not so great.  Rather than going for a fun or super posh interior, Bellagio chose sort of a nondescript upscale food court look that gets the job done but is in no way memorable.  So in sum a solid, if not outstanding buffet.
5	My roommate's parents were in town and she is so sweet, she treated us all to a late lunch.  I wish it were possible to physically be able to eat more when you go to a buffet because they are so expensive !  I never feel like I am getting my monies worth. But I guess you just have to take bite sizes of everything...that must be the trick!  We mainly went, because she and her parents are huge fans of crab legs and they offter them during the week.  I'm a huge fan of meat and carbs and sweets.  We all left happy.
4	So I don't know what happened but for the absolute longest I had strong opinions about not liking this buffet.  Maybe I came at the wrong time but I very vividly remember thinking the food was not all that and it was over hyped and not cracked up to how great everyone said it was.  I just remember all of the flavors being a little muted and bland and everything tasting blah and I swear I almost chipped my tooth on the toast.  So years  (or a decade, whatever) went by and I was urged to try it out once more.  Sure why not.  I was very surprised I feel like they must have revamped it.  The quality of the food was much better than I remembered. So anyway I wanted to give a shout out to one of the employees Silvia holding it down in the fruit and cheese department.  On  one of my trips I noticed they didn't gave granola.  I asked a few employees if they had it.  Almost all of them but one (Silvia) sort of shrugged it off saying it wasn't offered that day.  Silvia however, went in the back brought it out, and tracked me down in a sea of people to show me where she placed it! Who does that?!  Plus it was a pleasant surprise the food was definitely of a higher caliber than I previously remembered.
5	Today is Sunday, good price, no waiting, food and service are great!Love sea bass, king crab, prime rib....
5	Needed a Buffet that had Sea food, this place hit the spot. Snow crab and king crab, Prime rib, ok salad bar, a lot of different meats and cooked veggies. The desert bar was very beautiful and tasty. So $34.00 but well worth it. Staff was friendly and prompt with refills.
5	The best buffet in Las Vegas, and the rest of the buffets in the state, excellent selection of high quality foods, I recommend it to you any time you're in Vegas.
5	Came there at 1st of DecNo need to explain more, just GOOD...!!you will not disappoint
4	I went here in August and it was the best buffet I had ever been at.  After eating at the Rio it was 100% improvement.  I had the best chicken I had ever had and an entire plate of amazing desserts.I came back in December and it wasn't as good as I remember.  Still great, but I didn't adore it as well.  The desserts were, meh.  The breakfast was good and th bacon was perfect.Still one of the best buffets on the strip.
4	First time here, food was good, more then enough. I'm so stuff with all the options they have.I only came to the buffet for a birthday party, but it was well worth it. I'm so full and the food was great. Next time I'm here in Vegas this will be the buffet for me.Line wasn't long, food was hot, service was perfect, nice clean restaurant,  thank you.
3	Food: There's a wide selection, not as much as I would have hoped. There's fruits, desserts, sushi, seafood, Chinese, Meats, desserts, and a grand selection of starches. I wish they had more vegetarian specific dishes, not just fruits, veggies, and salad.  There's also a bar. Price: It's somewhat reasonable, however considering it was a bit pricey, I would have enjoyed a wider range of selection, since it's somewhat high end.Location: It's located inside Bellagio. I'm not sure how it is if you drive, since we walked. Wait Time: Somewhat long, but it is a buffet in a hotel, so it's understandable. It wasn't that long of a wait to sit 6 adults and 1 toddler. There was a line to wait, but the wait wasn't unbearable. When we were finally seated, I saw there were a lot of open tables, which didn't make sense to me. There were also a lot of servers, so I don't think there was a problem of not having a server for different areas around the buffet seating area. Service: It was ok. I mean the guy serving our drinks and taking our plates was great, friendly, and funny. But the lady hostess weren't the most friendly people. Since we had a toddler, we needed a high chair. When the hostess saw my mom carrying my nephew, the hostess asked to take away the high chair. Of course, my mom just said yes to be polite, but I thought it was really rude to that. I mean, there were other tables that requested a high chair and ended up holding their baby half-way through. It's just rude to that, because later we needed to use it.Ambience: There are a lot of people and it does get crowded, which is expected in a buffet setting. Crowding also means it is noisy. Although, at least we didn't hear the plates clashing "behind doors," which some buffets are known for.
5	Best breakfast buffet in USA I say. I hate buffets but love the Bellagios for breakfast. The coffee is better than starbucks. Understand there may be a line but its well worth it. Came here for my wifes 30th birthday breakfast and look..shes picky and high falootin and still loves it. Maybe she wont admit it...but....
1	Terrible food. The day before we had buffet at the Caesar's and had amazing time with 5 star service.Bellagio buffet is poorly designed and implemented. The food choice is limited with no hot food.. Well let me reiterate the "hot" food is only mildly warm, so do not let the steam trick you. The king crab legs are cold not like the Caesar's where the chef boils the crab and give them to you right on the spot. The food tastes like cheap low class that you can find at local suburban casino. Close to frozen sushi (only 2-3 choices), smoked salmon?!! Which is not fresh yikes. The only thing We liked is the lamb.Service is more like bus boys not much attention to patrons...
4	They offer large selection of all kind of food.Food is good but it remains a buffet, it's not a 5 star restaurant.You can choice from pizza, pasta, sushi, seafood, meat, fish, vegetables, [retty much everything...The selection of cheese is not that great.For desert, they offer pastries, fruits, cakes.You end up being very full after this buffet.Brunch is served until 3pm on weekends at 29.99 and dinner from 3pm is 34.99.
3	So i read the holiday menu before i decided to take my family to dinner at a premium price .  I paid 211 for a party of four.  Several of the holiday items on the listed menu were not being offererd.  No lobster tail,caviar,lamb chops, scallops,or salted caramel mousse.   The buffet is small quality was great for what they did have but i give it a three star for the premium price yet not offering what they listed which would have made price worth it.  First and last time here I recommend the M resort great food great price and huge selection e wine and beer include
3	Went there with my family on 12/23. That was okay, Buffet... Prime rib and Kobe Steak was good. Paying $50/person during the Christmas time, I was expecting more than that for some reason...
4	It's comparatively much better than most other buffets I've tried in neighbor hotels. A little expensive but worth every penny if you have a good appetite:)
4	This buffet is alright. It has the essentials which are prime rib and crab legs. What it doesn't have is a modern/clean look and beautiful scenery. I guess I started off by saying these things because I went to Bacchanal Buffet the day before at Caesar's Palace and that blew away every single buffet experience I've ever had.The buffet at the Bellagio is obviously better than a random buffet off the strip. You pay for what you get for here (~$40 for a tasty buffet that's not bad). Paying $12 for all your can eat garbage somewhere else isn't comparable. But when you compare it to the Bacchanal Buffet, you'll understand what I'm trying to say in this review. I'm still going to give this place 4 stars (well deserved), but this is really a comparison review to the best buffet in Las Vegas (as already stated).So, if you're going to only one buffet in Las Vegas, I do not recommend coming here. If for some reason you end up here though, you're stomach will still be happy and money well-spent.Be sure to crab some crab legs and walk to the pasta station to get them steamed. Oh, and be sure to walk to another location to get butter. This is unlike the amazing/beautiful/spacious Bacchanal Buffet where you get your crab legs steamed and grab butter in the same location (makes sense right?).
1	A colossal disappointment!!!  Don't waste your money. Waited in line for over an hour (some for 3 hours), and spent $106 for two people. Lots of pasta and "fillers" and only a couple of high end stuff. Most of the food was mediocre and some of it was down-right bad!!  Very, very small suchi collection, most of which didn't even have any seafood in it. Prime rib was bad and the other protein was bland. All of the soups tasted like Campbell's or Progresso can soup with even less flavor. Stay away.
5	$25/person for weekday lunch! Honestly got to say its better than the Bacchanal in Caesar's Palace. It was cheaper, the staff was nicer, and the food had better quality.Family came in once it opened, paid upfront first, and we immediately got seats close to the food. Roughly 30 mins later, 12:30pm, the place was getting packed and there was a huge line outside. Definitely come here early! They have everything you can think of: sushi, pizza, prime rib, crab legs, salads, soups, sirloin, omelet station, I'm not even covering the best and most! It was super delicious! The waitresses were attentive and refilled the drinks even before it was half empty. If the entrees weren't enough, the dessert station was going to finish you off! Sorbets, chocolate cakes, key lime pie, pumpkin pie, ice cream, cookies, cheesecake, etc!Just try this place out for lunch, it's cheaper than the other guys and much better too!
4	This is my 2nd time eating at this buffet.  It's definitely a splurge for us as they never have 2:1 coupons which we like to use at other casino buffet's.  We were able to apply from mLife credit which helped a little.With that, this last time we were there on 12/28 for brunch, we had the best server!  She gave us tips on how to get the crab legs steamed (take them to the pizza counter and ask them) so they are nice and hot.  When I couldn't decide on a drink, she offered to just bring both!  The food here is always top notch.  One thing I missed this time was gelato!  They replaced it with soft serve.  They get points for having raspberry and peach sorbet as well as well chocolate and vanilla.  But honestly, since you can get soft serve at any other buffet, that dings it one star.  Picky I know, but heck, I'm picky.  Service however gets 5 stars this time around.  Can I also add another reason we went to this buffet was I just won $250 on a Wheel of Fortune slot.  Helped pay for the meal.
2	Not the greatest experience..  Here's why, poor and inefficient managment..  Too expensive (not enough selection of food for the money you paid). My napkin had food and lipstick on it for the last person who used it..  Which made me sick. But one good thing was the food,  the food was well made and full of taste..  Alot of other better buffets on the strip. NOT WORTH THE WAIT IN LINE FOR 1 HOUR AND 45 MIN.
4	Waited in line for 30 mins on a Sunday around 2:00PMAll you can eat crab legs and champagne and prime rib and salmon is worth the $50!Sushi and dessert wasn't that good. Breakfast items were okay.I enjoyed the pesto mashed potatoes, never had that before!But eating and drinking here definitely put me in a food comma after!
4	Bellagio... always a good choice... what can I say.... pictures worth a thousand words...the only thing is that they need to have more choices for ice creams than the old machine they have there for so many years....
3	My family & I came here out of desperation because we were on a time limit (we had a cirque show at 7 pm) and Bacchanal informed us it would be a 6 hour wait and we'd have to come back and line up at 8:30 pm.  Being close to NYE and all, we had no dinner reservations and as a last resort, came to The Buffet.  It's $10 less than Bacchanal but if I had a choice, I seriously would have given even an extra $15-20 to get into Bacchanal because this was a big mistake (I was at Bacchanal last year).  It is 1/3 the size of Bacchanal and the variety of food is lacking.  There are crab legs and you see a lot of people piling it onto their plates (to the point where a whole chain of people are lining up and the people who lack any consideration are still piling it onto their plates).  I tried some and they're seriously not worth the hype that these people make it out to.  They were much too salty and lacked crisp freshness (but they weren't unfresh either).  The only good thing they had was prime rib with their kalbi sauce.  Their salmon fillet was also not bad.  However, everything else lacked a wow factor.  It was like any other buffet I've been to.  The desserts weren't good either.  So now that I've been to both Bacchanal and The Buffet, which one would I pick?  Definitely Bacchanal wins.  Bellagio seriously needs to vamp up and get their act together and improve on their buffet because Bacchanal is seriously stealing their thunder.  Big time.  So much to the point where, had I not had a show to watch, I *definitely* would have waited 6 hours for Bacchanal instead.
2	Imagine... you are on a diet for about 2 weeks and you've lost a significant amount of weight.Now, you're on vacation with your girlfriends and you don't wanna be a party pooper  or the stupid downer on a diet so you decide to have a HUGE cheat meal and enjoy really good food with good company, possibly undoing 2 weeks' worth of starvation. After much deliberation, you decide on a buffet, wait two hours in line and pay $40 upon entering the restaurant to have what you think will be one of the tastiest meals of your life (considering you haven't eaten any real food for the past 13 days).--------------------------------------------------------I was UTTERLY DISAPPOINTED in their food selections... or lack thereof.  I kept walking around the buffet with my plate hoping that more variety of food would magically appear.I wanted sushi so I stood in line in the "rolls" section to no avail. ...just some sad looking California rolls that consisted of like 90% rice.SADNESSOther than the king crab legs, the best thing there was either the scrambled eggs or pesto mashed potatoes.To come out of a buffet and say that their scrambled eggs were one of the best items they offered... is just really really sad.
4	Pros:Lots of shrimp and crab legs. Good dessertGood roasted ham, turkey, beefFreshly squeezed juicesYou can get what ever you may like. Cons:Long line waiting for hoursThey can easily give you a pagerExpensive (but worth it)
4	Although we were in waiting line for about 1 hour because of holiday, diversity of food was good. And my favorite section was dessert.
3	34.99 plus tax on a Monday night dinner. Food was okay, service was okay, price was okay. Three stars overall. The main attraction for me was the king crab, which can easily be $25-35 per pound in the stores. Honestly, the crab was "meh." The legs were small and a little over salted. So my next go to was sushi. The rolls looked disappointing (too much rice and not enough fish) so I went for the tuna nigiri which was pretty good quality. The rest of their cooked food was okay but nothing really stood out. There's a wide variety of desserts, but none of them were really outstanding. Many of them are more pretty than tasty.
3	Winner! Winner! Prime rib dinner! The prime rib was all that was good at the Bellagio buffet. Dinner rates were around $48/person with soft drinks included so I was expecting a lot. Note to self, never expect too much or else you are in for a 3-star awakening. My dinner party was not too impressed either. One friend dusted off 4 plates full of snow-crab legs to get his money's worth while the other friend insisted that the pizza was extremely good. Okay, I get it! My recommendation sucked. But it beats the 280 minute wait at the Bacchanal Buffet... right? Anyone? ... just me?
