4	Thank you, thank you, thank you Food Fight Inc. for opening Market Street Diner in Sun Prairie.  It's just what the doctor ordered in this sleepy, food-deprived Madison 'burb.  The menu's a bit of a mix of their Monty's and Hubbard Street diners and overall the food and the service are good.  And, the desserts are GREAT - they've got more kinds of pie than I can even begin to list.
1	Went there once and they screwed up my order TWICE in one time. So we gave it another chance and it wasn't bad but my date hated it. Then the next time my coffee was really bad. The next time they said one particular dish was gluten-free but was not and had to take it back. The waiter didn't even know if it was or not but said that it wasn't not knowing the possibilities of a gluten-intolerance person eating a gluten meal!
2	Server screwed up my order, I asked for a chicken salad sandwich, instead I got a chicken breast with an onion slice on it.  This may be due to the fact that she didn't write down our orders at all.  My kid ordered a grilled cheese and the bread was hard as a rock.  On a separate occasion we ordered a lemon meringue pie, the lemon part was like rubber and practically flavorless.  The pie was a huge 26 dollar  birthday disappointment.
3	Standard diner food at standard diner prices. They've got a bunch of pies and baked goods, too. The place is a pretty good size, so they have no trouble seating large groups quickly. Market Street Diner isn't anything fantastic, but I'm glad it's here because restaurants in Sun Prairie are few and far between.
4	Great place to take the kids for a nice meal. Breakfast, lunch, dinner or even a sweet treat when out for a walk. Staff was great and actually interacted with my boys (1yr & 3yr) whom were making a mess. Waiter received nice tip for the extra effort too. BBQ sandwich rocks and their cornbread is pretty good too. Homemade milkshakes, pies, and big a**, ice cream-filled cookies top out my highlights of Market Street Diner.
4	4 words: 5 Dollar Market Meals. Talk about a steal! There are a handful of choices on this 5-dollar value menu, ranging from the cheesiest mac and cheese to a surprisingly authentic chicken quesadilla. And the portions are more than abundent. Great value for classic diner food. I've been here 3-4 times and I've honestly only ordered from the "Market Meals" menu. So while I'm sure the rest of the menu is equally as great, I can't help but gravitate toward a great deal.Oh, and don't even think about leaving until you order something from the bakery. Enough choices of pies and cakes to make your head spin.
3	The Market Meals are no longer $5! Imagine my disappointment :(
4	Whoah, harsh reviewers, tough crowd here.I ate at Market Street Diner for their weekend brunches, it was cheaper than place across the street (that shall remain unnamed, I don't want them to lose business, close down, and then for there not to be any "market" competition, oh pardon the pun!).The brunches have all the standard stuff, but the biscuits and gravy were very nice, as well as the fruit and yogurt granola parfait. Dessert spread was eye pleasing.  We were a couple of two, and sat at the counter, where seating was immediate. Worth the price, and it was very crowded especially on Mother's Day brunch weekend. I also bought a dozen cupcakes at the annex, Carl's Bakery. Delicious!  If it weren't for my super all time favorite brunch place in Madison which I have written a review of, this place would be up there in the top 5, but the verdict is still out ...
3	Our family has been here a handful if times. Some food has been great, other food not so much. For example the flavor and spice level if the chili seems to depend on the days chef. We go back every now and then and just choose carefully (but breakfast is always good...)
4	Solid breakfast.  Not the ma and pop diner I expected, very clean and modern.
3	Decent food at decent prices.
3	You know it's sad when the Market Street Diner is probably the best thing Sun Prairie has going for it.  We have eaten here several times and the food and service are different every time. I am happy to report that our most recent visit was this weekend on a Friday night and it was one of the better visits we've had.  Not surprisingly, the place was empty.  The macaroni and cheese was wonderful - very creamy and cheesy with just a sprinkle of garlickey and buttery breadcrumbs.  A friend ordered a grilled cheese and waffle fries and both were good, although the waffle fries are most definitely not fresh.  The bread on the grilled cheese was thick and wonderful.  My partner ordered a burger and regular fries and was happy with his meal but again, frozen french fries.  The service was quick and there were no mistakes.Bottom line:  Breakfast is great, the baked goods are great, and the food and service can be great if you can figure out the right time and day to go.
4	Went to Market Street Cafe with a baby for a weekend breakfast. Good place to go with kids! The breakfast food we had was very tasty--eggs cooked just as ordered (big pet peeve of mine), bacon nice and crisp. The biscuit was my fav part--it's hard to find a restaurant that makes good biscuits and while these weren't the best I've ever had they were pretty solid for a midwestern restaurant! Kinda wish I had tried the biscuits and gravy instead. We took some pieces of pie to go--coconut cream and cherry rhubarb. Just two minor complaints: the crust isn't much to write home about though it's not terrible, and the coconut cream had no whipped cream on it! It was a baked coconut custard, which was tasty but not quite what I was expecting when I ordered it. The service wasn't great--our server pretty much disappeared through the whole meal and took forever to bring the check, but I don't really go out to breakfast for the great service. Overall we thought it was a solid choice, at least for breakfast.
4	Interestingly modern (and massive) structure for a traditional family restaurant/ pie diner. Great biscuits. Good place. I had a simple western omelet with hash browns and a biscuit. It was very good. The veggies were thick and fresh. I like to be able to taste each ingredient. I could and it was delicious. The hash browns were well done as I'd asked and the biscuit was tall and flaky. My server kept my coffee warm. This is an ambitious place. They have a drive through, easily 40 tables plus counter seats and a full bakery in the basement. I even liked the dichotomy of chrome and glass urban-esque construction and what appeared to be a large, original Fiestaware display along with other traditional old-timey appointments. The plate my breakfast was served on was a little small, making for an awkward crowd of eggs and potato's. And while I love sea salt, the granules are too large for a traditional shaker. I actually began to become self conscious about my attempts to season my food. Two minor issues. Overall a very good place.
4	Love the diner. Service is fantastic.
1	Do not get a wedding cake from Carl's. This review is based only on the service, not the product. 1 week before our wedding Carl decides he can't make the cake that we agreed on 5 months ago and tells us the flavors we had been sold on at the tasting were terrible and we should choose something else. Apparently Carl lacks the designing skills he promised us when we signed a contract and paid a deposit. The worst experience of planning this entire wedding has come with Carl's Cakes. Keep that in mind when you are shopping for a wedding cake. Wish we would have known this months ago, I suggest you book someone else.
5	I had a wonderful Huevos Rancheros and a delish Red Velvet cupcake. I saw it when I walked in last week and decided to try it yesterday. It was everything I dreamed it would be. The waitress was also very friendly and fast.
3	This is the perfect place to bring your (grand)parents when they are visiting from out of town and they want something that is easily recognizable but maybe with a little bit of a twist. An All-American diner that is not afraid to go maybe a step or two in a creative direction but nevertheless it is definitely more in the traditional side but still fun & pleasing. Owned by the same people that have Monty's Blue Plate diner in the Eastside of Madison, this place is an expanded location where they do a lot of their cakes and catering business so it has a much more open feel to it, in a newer building but with the same kind of feel and attitude as Monty's.We ordered a half sheet pan cake of the Red Velvet cake and it was delicious! The crumb was moist and tender and the frosting not too sweet, perfectly executed; the plus side was that we could pick it up in town at Monty's.
1	When I first moved to Sun Prairie a few years back, this place was an excellent choice for casual dining any time of day.The last few visits have been declining experiences.  Wait staff is great! Management and whoever runs the kitchen are not focused on the food.  The menu is now quite limited and the food is tasteless.  I would not be so tough except this place was so much better in the past.
4	I have been here twice and was completly satisfied. the first time we ate in and the second time i went we just stoped for pie.  The prices are a little high.  but the pies are wonderful.. The only complaint i would have is that i had three peices of apple pie and it cost what a whole pie would have cost and they never said anything about the fact the better deal would be to get a whole pie.  we had two peices in one box and it didnt quite look like two.  but the taste of these deserts are wonderful!
2	Had to write an update based on the service we recently had because it was just too insane.Walked in for breakfast this last Saturday morning and it took a good five minutes for the server to greet us because she was ringing up another couple - which is totally fine.  However when she did look up, she was annoyed and said "I'll be with you in just a minute, maam."  Looks normal on paper, right?  Except this chick literally BARKED this at me - it was so over the top that the people she was helping actually turned around to look at me.  Gee, was it something I said?  I was just looking at the cakes, no big deal.  My companions sat down to wait to get seated but I remained standing.  After the hostess was freed up she approached us and shouted "Is there something I can help you with?"Um... yeah... you could, you know, do your job and seat us?  There was no wait, no one else around the area - it was just so weird and uncomfortable and hilarious.Our waitress took our order in a timely fashion but couldn't crack a smile if you had used a crowbar on her.  Another waitress brought us our food and asked us if there was anything else we needed - to which we said yes - silverware.  It took her a good four minutes to scrounge up some silverware.  Isn't that the worst?  You sit down in front of your breakfast and it smells awesome and looks good and five minutes pass and you're sitting there like an idiot.Also, what's up with servers "trading out" in the middle of a service?  That is so funny to me.  It wasn't like our waitress was off for the day - I could see her helping the table next to us.Long story short - my poached egg was watery, it took 20 minutes to get the bill from the waitress (our original waitress who returned to pick up the cash), no one said goodbye as we left, freaky little drill sergeant hostess...  and the worst part is that I know we'll end up back at this place for breakfast.Until Sir Hobo's opens again.
4	I was in Sun Prairie today and happened to drive past The Market Street Diner. I was really glad I made the decision to skip Subway and stop in here instead. I had a delicious cup of spicy Chicken Tortilla soup and an Italian BLT I might dream about tonight. It's a traditional BLT on homemade, soft warm foccacia bread with a pesto mayo. It was perfect. My only regret is I didn't save room for dessert, the Whoopie Pies looked delicious.
4	I was looking for a good place to eat breakfast in the Sun Prairie, WI area that had a gluten free menu.  As one of the Food Fight Restaurant group establishments, I figured I'd give them a whirl.  I was not disappointed.  I ordered the corned beef and hash, which was excellent.  The only aspect I wasn't completely happy about was the portion/price ratio.  It was a tad expensive for the amount of food I received.  I probably should have went with the breakfast brunch for 10.99 that looked AMAZING but I wanted to be sure I was getting a gluten free meal.  I'll definitely go back, I just may ask about the portion before I order something next time.  If you can eat gluten, the bakery items are no joke...
4	So I had their Sunday brunch. The time I got there must a been a midpoint time, And they were putting out hot fresh food. Our waitress was very friendly. Very simple service. The food is always enjoyable. The only drawback are there bathrooms. They don't keep them up and they're not as clean as they should be. I know some people love their desserts but in my opinion they have much to be desired.
1	We went here again because we apparently are sorely lacking in the intelligence department.  We decided to try some pie.  We got slices of apple walnut and blueberry.  How could anyone screw that up right?  Well, Market Street Diner does a fine job of creating mediocre to inedible pies.  Four years ago I came here and purchased a whole lemon meringue pie, it was horrible tasting and horribly expensive.  Fast forward to 2012 and their pies still suck.  One of the people in our party is the kind of person who will eat AND like anything, but when I saw the screwed up look on his face after taking a bite of blueberry pie, I knew the the Earth was falling off its axis.  Deciding that perhaps he was having an off day, others of us tried some, and that's when it became apparent that somebody needs to be fired or go back to pie school ASAP.  The apple walnut pie was better.  Of course, the bottom of my shoe is better than the blueberry pie, so that isn't saying much.  So now, when we drive by Market Street Diner some of us hiss like vampires at the sun, others of us just make juicy vomiting noises.  I'm fairly confident we will never go here again, that is, unless it's the last restaurant on Earth, and we've completely lost our minds.
3	My experience at Market Street Diner in Sun Prairie was similar to last Friday morning. As I rummaged through my junk drawer looking for whiteout I found a shiny Sacajawea dollar. Cool right? As I set the dollar down and dug a little deeper in the drawer, I found the parking ticket I angrily shoved in 3 months ago. Bummer right? At least I only paid $89.00 instead of $90.00. Fit Market Street Diner's breakfast in this equation: the pancakes were the Sacajawea coin--light n fluffy with a good syrup absorbance; the strawberry rhubarb pie (which was raved about) was the parking ticket. It was disappointing at first glance and didn't get better in time. I like a good balance between sweet and tangy bitterness in my rhubarb pie--and this was 70% tangy bitter, much like the parking ticket (OK no more allusions to my damn Friday morning). The service and coffee were just right. Our waitress was friendly and warm and brought a big pot of delicious and hot brew. Take the good (5 stars) with the bad (0 stars) and meet in the middle.
4	pancakes were reasonably light and flavorful and the eggs(SS) were cooked well--also had the skillet scramble special of the day which was nicely done---alll the components were tasty and came together wellOur favorite breakfast stop when in the area!
4	Cute place though might fall a little on the overly sterile/trying too hard look, but cute nonetheless. Stopped in for lunch on Saturday with 3 other people. Our server was good. My walnut burger was given to another table by mistake, but was quickly put out by the kitchen. The burger itself was very good, clearly made in house. Wife got the chicken tenders which was a huge ordered of hand breaded chicken! Overall, I would definitely go back if I was in the area again. Didn't get a chance to have the pie, but was intrigued by many of the flavors.
2	Of the list of restaurants in the Food Fight Corporation, the one is one of the worst.  Service was slow.  Food quality suffers.  We used to go to buy gluten free pies there but they discontinued that.
1	This is a great place if you enjoy truly, deeply crappy service and mediocre food.  It's so close to my house (just a short walk) so I really wanted this be an even-close-to-decent place due strictly to the convenience factor alone. Yet they were able to defeat even that.  I too tried a couple times, really hoping the initial problems were flukey or a bad night.  No luck.  You will sit there 30 minutes or more without anyone checking in or offering more coffee.  They will claim they "didn't see you" or were "too busy."  What I learned through a few ill-fated trips is that this taking-customers-for-granted approach is part of the culture of how they run the establishment as a whole. On the up-side, it appears to be pretty clean.
4	Market Street Diner is a great choice for comfort food.  It is cute and "diner" like (think clean, not greasy spoon), but I usually call ahead and pick-up on nights when I want to cuddle up on the couch and don't want to have to worry about dinner.  They have a convenient drive-thru for call ahead orders which I usually use.  When I go inside to pick up, I'm always tempted into buying some of Carl's Cake's treats (The red velvet cupcakes are my favorite).  I can't say the order I get is always correct (there is usually something small that is wrong... no sauce on the sandwich, or wrong type of gravy, etc), but the food is good overall, it is fast, the staff is friendly, and the "comfort factor" can't be beat!
2	I want this review to have more stars.. but i just can't give them. First time we went there, what a delightful local diner. Comfortable, great service, decent food. Every other time we've been there has been a fail (5-7 times), filled with iffy food and very (very) subpar service.. Why go back? Not sure. I guess we haven't in a month or so. Much rather spend our eating out dollars and a place that rarely disappoints (Atlantis Taverna!!)
3	Well, it's been a kind of go-to spot for us when the in-laws are in town, because it is close, cheap, kid-friendly and convenient.  But not because it's terribly special.  The food is standard diner fare, and IMHO the best choices are breakfasts.  Nothing that you couldn't do just as well on your own at home, but didn't because you felt like having someone else make it for you, y'know?The pies look really good, but their crusts are actually drier and flatter than frozen supermarket crusts.  Yuck.  I actually would rather give the place 2 stars, except that we've always had decent service and the diner is clean, spacious and well-lit.  So they squeak one more in.  That and kids eat free on Tuesdays.  And the pot of strong coffee they set in front of you. That also makes up for something.Go for breakfast.  Served all day.  Hard to mess that up.
3	I really like their roasted root veggie hash.  I get it with eggs over easy and a side of bacon (for a bit more protein).  Yummy!  Carl's Cakes is based in the same place so you can always walk out with goodies after your meal.
4	Great place!  Myself, my mom and two friends at here last weekend and all of us were very pleased.  The ambiance is a lot of fun.  It's like a 50's diner, but isn't too hokey.  Despite the fact we came on a mid Saturday morning, it wasn't too packed.  Our waitress was great.  Very friendly and patient as we took a little extra time to make our decisions.  Everyone loved their food choices.  I had the two eggs with bacon and instead of hash browns I asked for a side of fruit.  I also asked for a cup of hot tea and was presented with several options (green, black, flavored, etc) to choose from.My mom had the breakfast sandwich that consisted of basically an omelet on a biscuit.  It was huge and full of cheese.  The eggs also came with two pieces of crispy bacon on top.  It was served with a side of hash browns.  My mom shared with me as there was more than enough.  They were fantastic.One of our friends had the vegetarian eggs Benedict and said it was outstanding.  Our other friend had the farmers scramble (I think) and also said it was very good.Prices are very reasonable for the amount and quality of food that you get.It appears they have a bakery.  All the pies and sweets I saw looked delectable.They also serve lunch and dinner and it appears they have wine and beer available.  I wish I lived closer!  Its worth a visit!!
3	The good: the chicken on my spinach salad was real chicken, not that reprocessed chicken nonsense, and the pecans were freshly candied. The dried cranberries weren't plumped, but I'll give them a pass, because the rest of the salad was better than I was expecting from a diner.The bad: the soup of the day was terrible. It was a mix of chopped and diced veggies in chicken stock. It tasted like they literally just tossed some veggies in with chicken stock, and some salt and pepper. That would have been bad enough, but, it wasn't even a proper dice; the chunks were all different sizes, so the small ones cooked faster and were soggy, and the large ones were undercooked.The ugly: I live in such a food wasteland that I'll probably end up eating here again.
4	I've been here many times and sometimes the food is good and other times it's just okay. The servers are usually very friendly and attentive. Overall this is one of the better restaurants in Sun Prairie.
5	Super good dinner! The Chicken pot pie was amazing. Plus, you have to have a treat from the bakery before you leave. Very kid friendly.....my kids loved the straws for their drinks!
4	Check out the bakery cases before sitting down, you might want to save your appetite.  The salads are wonderful, and ordering a half sandwich and soup will be enough for dessert.
2	I have been thoroughly under-impressed with Market Street Diner. We've had dinner there twice, and both times we left disappointed and unfulfilled. The first visit, I had the chicken chili which tasted like soup from a can, and my husband had a burger which was mediocre at best. We thought we'd try it one more time, and that will definitely be our last time for anything other than breakfast. I ordered the garden veggie wrap. When it came out, the wrap had one chunk of raw squash in it surrounded by lettuce. Where is the "garden" in this picture?! I mentioned it to the server, and she brought another which was just slightly better. The wrap had a few chunks of raw zucchini and squash with lettuce. Not much flavor at all, and I was expecting more of a veggie variety. My husband had the crispy chicken sandwich and was underwhelmed. We'll never go back for anything other than breakfast. Too bad it's not more like Monty's on Atwood in Madison.
1	The place was empty yet we waited so long for someone that the manager actually came to our table first.I ordered soup and sandwich with a grilled cheese w/ham and chicken-and-rice soup.The soup was like liquid salt yet it was somehow flavorful. My mouth was confused but ultimately decided it was gross.The sandwich was haphazardly put together.  The cheese was not melted but it was sweaty like some heat had been applied.  It was barely toasted and cold.My (pregnant) wife ordered a cheese burger medium.  It was served medium-rare/rare, cold and without cheese.  Hopefully it was cooked enough that she doesn't get sick.We let the waitress know that the food needed some work and the kitchen didn't bother to remake it, they just warmed it up and brought it back out 30 seconds later.  So when we got it, it was a slightly drier, crustier version of its former self.The waitress apologized and offered us desert so we ordered chocolate ganache cheesecake and apple pie slices. The cheesecake was terrible.  It may have been the way it was served--which was super cold so the ganache was nearly frozen and smashed the cheesecake when cut, but actually, that was more likely due to the fact that the cheesecake was still nearly raw--but actually, it's probably the recipe, because even if the cheese cake were properly prepared the ganache was so disproportionately thick and sweet, one probably wouldn't taste anything else.  ...but actually, the most interesting part of the cheesecake was the giant hair that was served with it.I haven't tried the apple pie yet...One star lost for service lacking.  One star lost for food screwed up.  One star lost for poorly prepared cheesecake.  One star lost for hair in the cheesecake.Will not eat here again.
4	We stopped at Market Street Diner for the first time yesterday. My husband had the Black and Blue Hamburger and I had the Farmers Scrambler and pancakes. The burger toppings were tasty but they overpowered the meat so he couldn't tell if it was good or bad meat. The patty was rather thin. The waffle fries were great. The scrambler was good...the hash browns were crisp a had a great flavor. I think the sausage tasted sorta like brown and serve but I'm not sure. Pancakes were good...like I make from scratch at home. We bought a chocolate cupcake and french silk pie slice to take home. The cupcake was nothing special...a little dry. The pie crust reminded me of the frozen stuff you buy at the grocery store....very lackluster. We'll go back and try a few more things on the menu.
3	Had breakfast here.  It was very clean and the people were friendly.  It seemed like a great place to bring kids.  The deserts at the front counter looked very good.  I ordered corned beef hash with scrambled eggs.  Everything was average.  I tried my sons pancakes and they were also average.I would like to come back to try dessert.
4	We had Market Street cater an Hawaiian Luau party for 250 of our employees. They were very accommodating and Jamie (Director of Catering and Events) was pleasure to work with even though we only gave them 11 days notice!  Heard only good things about the food from everyone. They even brought in the whole pig and carved it onsite!
4	A place with a nice ambience that is kid friendly.  Meals are reasonably priced.  The quality of food is high but the preparation can be hit or miss depending on your preference.  I have had some amazing meals here and some so-so meals here.  The big draw, in my opinion, is that they also sell Carl's Cakes for desert and some decent pies.
5	Always have had a good experience here but today was the best. Just me and my 3.5 year old came in around 4 pm. The waitress helped me pick a meal that was easily split into two (I watch my calories) and she knew we were in a hurry (inbetween activities) and brought everything quickly and even gave us little containers to take the leftover fruit and applesauce home. Food always tastes good and prices are reasonable.
5	This is my wife's favorite place to go for dinner. We actually came here for her birthday so she could get her free cake! I can't even mention it as an option with other choices because she loves it so much. I've never had a bad meal here and almost always have to have dessert. I like that they serve beer as well. It just gives it that little bit extra to boost it in my opinion.
1	Have had decent experiences here but always over priced. I ordered biscuits&gravy & half a ruben. The ruben was soggy at the bottom and the biscuits and gravy where hot on the middle and freezing on the outside. I dont kno if this is the chefs cooking order or the waitress timing but eitherway I paid $30 for a terrible meal. When told these issues the waitress informed me she would talk to management she quickly came back and offered me another plate of biscuits and gravy. I declined and told her to inform the chef microwaved biscuits taste horrible. ONLY GO FOR CARLS CAKES
2	I've been to MSD many times in the past, and this was a notably worse experience.  Dinner on a Tuesday night - what could go wrong?  From the moment I sat down I noticed that they restaurant was notably full, but lacked sheer quantity of staff.  This could not end well.  We ordered the "special" burgers with fries - easy enough.  It took a long time to get.  When we got it, I was so hungry I took a bite and realized that the burger I ordered, a Chipotle Burger Special, came out as a mushroom and swiss.  Furthermore, the fries were only luke warm.  And frankly the burger wasn't that good - of course I am not a fan of mushrooms so go figure.We flagged down our waitress, who was overworked to begin with, and she gracefully agreed that we had the wrong burgers.  We told her we would eat them because we were on a time line, and to her credit - she came back and said they would comp the meal.  That's about the best part of the day, because the burgers weren't that good and the fries were luke warm.Not sure what's going on over at MSD but I suggest they hire more staff - I watched a waitress who already had a full set of tables actually trying to buss tables in between.  I watched her customer's food sit in the window dying while she was cleaning up.  To the staff's credit - they were working hard - but management needs to get more people on the floor.
5	THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!!!  Super-big bloody Marys, w/homemade mix, spicy, delicious!!!  The soup is TO DIE FOR!!!  The corned hash!!!  You can actually tell there are CHUNKS of corned beef!!!  All baked goods are homemade!!  The deserts!!!  YOWZA!!!
