5	Toast! is an excellent restaurant / Wine bar that opened recently on Baum Blvd.  This new place has a very creative menu, and an excellent and constantly changing wine menu. The interior of Toast! is part of what makes it so comfortable.  It has exposed wood beam ceilings that the owner found when he renovated the property. The walls are painted dark red, and there is a very comfortable lounge area to the right of the bar.  There is dinner seating in the back, and additional dinner seating / banquet space upstairs.  Reservations are definitely a good idea, but we haven't had much trouble getting a seat at the bar or lounge area. The owner, Paul, always makes a point to get to know all of his guests.  He is a former Big Burrito restaurateur, and he is extremely knowledgeable about the wine and the food on his menu. Every dish and bottle of wine has a story behind it.  If you tell him what you're in the mood for, he is always happy to bring you something to try; there is more than just the menu.So far, we've been there for drinks / wine and appetizers.  We're going to make a point to go for dinner very soon. Food we've tried so far:-Lamb Ribs: these were incredible. Tremendous.  Just try them. Right up there on the addictiveness scale with Red Room's sliders.-Vegetarian Caesar salad; not your typical Caesar salad, with nuts and strawberries and bagel chips; very fresh and different-Black Truffle Beets; local beets with black truffles; very good for a snack while trying the wine-Potato encrusted tuna wraps. If you know a lot about wine, you'll probably have met your match w/ Paul.  We're by no means wine experts, so we've just asked for things as vague as "a red wine that has a lot of body to it", and gotten back a great Syrah. Paul also makes arguably one of the best mohito's in town. Yes, I would actually say that the mohitos here unseat those of Tonic.  One of the other nice touches that they do also is a give out fresh bread.  They'll walk around occasionally with a basket full of different kinds of warm bread.  And for some reason, the butter they give you is an addictive substance of some kind.  Whatever.  It's good, and I'm not ashamed to go through multiple ramekins of it during the night. Don't judge. Even though there's no parking lot, street parking is pretty easy to find on the same side of the street.And one last thing worth noting.  This place has one of the neatest bathrooms I've ever seen in a restaurant. Go to the bathroom to the right of the bar, in the back. The bathroom is almost shaped like a pie slice, and the sink is a concrete sink shaped like the room on the right hand side.  The sink must be 3 feet wide, and maybe 8" wide. Very different. Overall, I gotta say that I'm very impressed with Toast! as you can tell.  It's nice to go somewhere in Pittsburgh that's a.) a wine barb.) they make a point to know your name and what you like to eat/drinkc.) is fun to hang out in for a long time
4	This is not a good restaurant.  It's a very good restaurant!  And, maybe will be the next great restaurant in Pittsburgh.  I had dinner here this past week on a Wednesday and had been planning on stopping by for a while.  It is located on Baum Blvd., where Baum Vivant used to be.  And, I can tell you the guys who opened this place up did a stellar job.  I had a reservation for 630 PM, but certainly could have dined without one on a weekday, however they say they're booking a month in advance for weekends.  The space itself is gorgeous and intimate.  You enter the front door and there is a nice wine bar to your left and a few leather chairs and couches for lounging across from the bar.  They also have a few tables on this first floor, but the main dining area is upstairs which I didn't enter.  It is warmly lit and the bar is very nice with a great display of wine bottles.  One of the owners Paul used to be the wine director for eleven and I think the chef is also a big burrito alum'.  We never made it from the bar to our tables because we were enjoying speaking with others seated and the bartender, Aaron.  The crowd is a mix of a few elderly gentry most likely from the big old houses around squirrel hill and shadyside.  There are also some twentysomethings in jeans with a hipster look to them and of course the early thirtysomething yuppies (and I mean yuppy in the most unflattering sense) like me.  We started with an assortment of appetizers.  The most expensive apps' option were the beets, yes beets.  They were delicious, oh yeah did I mention he serves them with large shavings of $3,000 / lb black truffles, divine!  Also, had a perfectly seared scallop on top of grits.  Now, I thought I had grits before, but it is clear after tasting this I've never had real grits, just the cream of wheat type.  These were delicious, savory with a hint of cheese and brown butter.  It was really good.  Also, tried the short rib with white beans.  The beans were a little undercooked for me, but that's just my preferance.  The dish was a hit overall and reminded me of a french cassoulet.  The serving sizes overall by Pittsburgh standards would be considered a tad small, but I think they work well for the price.  I tried a mushroom puree, which had great flavor, a hint of nutmeg and creme fraiche.  The flavor was great, but I would have preferred that the soup be strained one more time before serving.  It was a little too grainy for me.  Finally, I had the chicken for dinner.  This was amazing!  Instead of just a flavorless breast of chicken, he served this with some of the dark meat parts and then made a chicken confitt with part of the serving, chopping the meat into small tender pieces, sauteeing in its own fat and then putting back and wrapping the skin around.  It was really good.  The garlic mashed potatoes were as good as I've ever had also.  My friend had the flounder which I tasted and it was also quite good.  The entree costs were only $16 each.  I also found the wine to be very reasonably priced with bottles only at a 2-3 multiple, not the 4-5 you usually see.  They serve each glass with a very healthy pour and each glass gets its own decanter.  They also bake a fresh rosemary bread in house, which is good served with perfectly delicious room temperature regular butter.  I'm kind of getting sick of the flavored butters at all these restaurants.  These guys get the details.  The silverware is unique and gorgeous (Paul said it cost them $4,000 for the set).  The bathroom is nice and has real towels, which I like.  I didn't try the desserts, but I'm sure they're good.  Check this place out, it's a winner.  They deserve your business and have reasonable prices, good staff, and great food.  One last thing.. Starting on Tuesday's they have a 4 course special for $35.
5	Went to Toast New Year's Eve. Only reservation available (since I called late on) was for 6:30, but that was fine and there were lots of people there. A nice crowd in the bar and virtually full in the restaurant upstairs. This place is great, no doubt about it. All of the food was good, the onion bisque and the pear/ parsnip soup, the black sea bass and the lamb. The lamb might seem to violate the principle of using only seasonal products, but this was a braised shoulder of lamb, with roasted root vegetables. It had been slow cooked, for 4 hours, and was succulent and rich in flavor. There was more than one could handle and all for only $21. The whole menu was very affordable: soups about $5 or $6. The desserts ditto: tapioca brulee wonderful at $4. The most expensive entree was lobster at $36. Wines very reasonably priced. A nice Prosecco for $7 a glass. If you wanted a bottle of Veuve Cliquot it was only $64. A wide range of wines by the glass, all reasonably priced. We didn't spend time in the bar, but plan to soon to try out more of the wines.All in all a fine restaurant, easily the best in Pittsburgh, or so we think.
5	I was visiting a couple friends in Pittsburgh for New Years. We made reservations at Toast for 9:30pm on New Year's Eve. It was for a table of three, my girlfriend, our friend, and myself. We started the evening with the sweet onion bisque, parsnip and pear soup, and foie gras. All three were delicious, especially the foie gras. For entrees, we ordered the lamb shoulder, Gerber chicken, and pork chop. Again, everything was very good. The lamb was tender and delicious, the chicken was excellent and very, very juicy, and the pork chop with hoppin' john and black trumpet mushrooms was awesome. For desert we just had drinks, but the prices were very reasonable. The atmosphere at Toast was very warm and comfortable and service was top notch. Having been a Pittsburgh resident in the past, I had a hard time believing Toast could be this good, but it most certainly was.
4	Our reservation was originally scheduled at 830, though we werent seated until nearly 930. i was an out-of-towner, and felt no need to sugar coat how i felt about being made to wait on a leather couch for an hour after 2 glasses of Piscoe. when we were seated, our wait staff and the host profusely appologized for the wait. they were very attentive thereafter, and comped our first few rounds (but i think it was because i pushed my boobs up mentioned that they should)the food presentation was excellent and the taste was slightly above average. the shrimp and grits were subpar. the Frog was more fishy than i think was acceptable, and covered in fava beans. although we ordered no salads, we were comped one of every one on the menu. the duck was excellent. as a main course, i ordered the suckling pig. the meat was tendor, and well executed, though i thought it looked more like mousakka. i was really happy with the presentation.. i thought for sure i was going to be seeing a little Wilber or Babe on my plate after witnessing what the frog legs looked like.. Dessert was great, im a big softy for creme brulee, and they had their own version of tapioca creme brulee. French press to cap off the night after all my free Piscoes was excellent. All in all, if we hadnt been comped so much, i think our tab would have been close to 4 or 500 for the 3 of us.. our bill ran about $160.. so i was content.
4	I really liked Toast.  My wife and I went with another couple and we all sampled each others orders, so I think I can make a fair number of broad generalizations.  None of our party eat red meat however, so I can't comment about the lamb, steak, pork etc. My appetizer of Lobster Mac and Cheese was very good.  The pasta was al dente (maybe a bit too al dente, but that is a matter of taste).  The white cheese sauce was creamy without being cloying and the lobster was a nice accoutrement.  Others in our group ordered a risotto, which was really really great and looked like it had some wild rice in it in addition to the arborio, we also sampled the shrimp and grits.  My wife thought they were a bit too buttery; personally I think that the term "too buttery" is a metaphysical impossibility.  The shrimp and grits were really outstanding, perfectly spiced.  We also split a couple of salads.  The vegetarian ceasar was really quite nice.  It was a departure from a traditional ceasar without the anchovy, and yet still seemed to capture some of the feel of a ceasar.  I had the endive (I am mentioning all of these names but the menu changes regularly so...) the endive and beet ad goat cheese salad was really nice and the presentation was lovely.The entrees were something more of a mixed bag.  I had a very nice Walleye with the skin on (and the skin was quite pleasant and nicely broiled to a crisp).  Others at the table had scallops which were excellent, and halibut, also good.  My wife ordered a vegetarian lasagna with tofu, which was a bit of a disappointment.  It was actually more of a terrine of roasted vegetables with layers of tofu in between than a lasagna.  With the pesto, it wasn't bad, but I think that it may have been so far from what she thought she was getting that it ended up a bit of a disappointment.THe desserts were nice/ different.  My wife had a very nice bread pudding with caramel icecream.  One person at the table had an apple turnover a la mode, that was also nice but not very different.  One person had a tapioca creme brulee which was really very original, it was tapioca pearls in a "glob" (it looks nicer than that description sounds).  In a creamy sauce, coated with sugar that is then caramelized.  It was a really neat take on a familiar concept.  I had the chocolate sampler.  The chocolates presented an interesting "safari" in the world of chocolate that starts in San Francisco and ends in the Mayan jungle.  By far the most interesting was a dark chocolate with chipotle and pop rocks.  I really liked the concept here, but the presentation could have been better (chocolate pieces on a blue plate--maybe some berries, color accents etc.).The service was really very good.  Initially we were seated downstairs near the bar, but we asked for a room upstairs and got a room practically by ourselves.  The service was very attentive without being suffocating, and when asking for recommendations we received good and useful information rather than the pat phrases.The wine selection is fairly extensive with a really great range of options for wines by the glass (hence the name Toast!).Overall this is a really fantastic new place.  I predict that it will only get better in terms of the menu option as it falls into more of a rhythm.  I like the fact that the chef seems to want to use seasonal produce and meats (there was a soft shell crab on the menu from South Carlina).  In any case I think that this is a really great dining option for adults for a variety of occasions.  It can be a stand alone evening dinner event, or a pre-cursor to a show down town (the restaurant is seconds from Bigelow Blvd., which can whisk you down town in 5 minutes.  It is also a great option for dinner before a movie in the East End.  The best part is that the prices are incredibly reasonable for a place of this caliber.  In addition to reasonably priced entrees, appetizers and salads, there is a Tasting menu for $40/prix fixe with 4 courses.  This may be one of the "best values" in Pittsburgh.
4	I'm really impressed with the chef's ambition, but not five-starred by the follow through.Four people in my group, we all ordered the tasting menu, and all got four different four-course meals.  Some of the details were slightly off; the rice, risotto, and black beans that were used as sides were either over or undercooked by a good ways.  Each course was delicious, each wine pairing was great, and I'll head back again.Dessert wasn't included in the four courses; budget another $5 for that.Service was so-so; the waitress wasn't 100% on the wine list, and it took awhile to get to the food after we ordered.The entire room we were in had eight tables, of which ours was the largest.  Call ahead for reservations.Summary: will eat there again.
5	Without a doubt, one of the best meals I've had in Pittsburgh. After planning to go here for about 3 months, my girlfriend surprised me with reservations last night (for our 3 month'aversary...yah, we're adorable...I know). And both of us were blown away. Let's start at the beginning.The decor is just right. Small rooms on the second floor with dark wood and exposed brick. They even use dark red blinds to slightly lighten the room (with the sun coming through them) but not so much to spoil the mood. If you need a romantic spot, you've found it (as long as you don't mind schlepping up a steep set of stairs to get there).On to the service. Our waiter was fantastic. Timely, knowledgeable and friendly.  I asked him to write down the wines we were having (more on this below), and he was kind enough to give us a copy of the wine list and write in the wines that were off menu. Fantastic! And most importantly, the delicious food. On Tuesdays, Toast offers a 4-course tasting menu (no dessert) that varies not just by the day, but by the person! My girlfriend and I both went this route and had 8 (actually 9 with the dessert) dishes to try between the two of us. And let me tell you, they were all fantastic. Unfortunately, because it was dark (this is not a bad thing), none of my photos came out (damn iPhone and it's lack of flash), but I'm happy to describe everything. First Course: I had the beets, goat cheese (I think), and something else salad. FANTASTIC. My girlfriend had the spinach and egg salad. An interesting dish where 2 fried eggs sat atop a bed of spinach. I never would have guessed that that would be a good mix, but boy was it ever!Second Course: I had the mac & cheese + bacon. I'm not a mac&cheese guy, but this was fantastic. The bacon flavor permeated throughout the dish and the pasta was cooked to perfection. My girlfriend had the shrimp and pasts (i think they were raviolis, but I forget) and it was also great. The shrimp (something I can only eat in small quantities due to an allergy) was perfectly cooks and she reported that it was a great dish. Third Course: I had a fresh water fish from the great lakes (forget the name) on a bed of black beans and it was very tasty (probably the worst dish...but that's really not an insult). My girlfriend, however, had a trout (I think) that was exceptional. The skin was crunchy and the meat was soft and tender. It had a wonderful flavor to it and was probably my favorite dish of the night.Fourth Course: On to meat! We both had beef, but with different sauces...her's sweater than mine. Mine was accented with green beans and potatoes. Sounds boring, right? Well that's what I thought, but boy was I wrong. The green beans were seasoned perfectly and I wish I had more! Overall, both dishes were perfectly cooked (I hope you like your beef medium-rare, with an emphasis on the rare) and the presentations was great.Dessert: We were pretty full at this point so we split one dessert. We wanted the backed local peaches, but they were out, so we opted for the French Toast. It was good. Not great, but tasty. The problem is that the first 4 courses were so perfect, that the dessert feel a little flat. As for the wine, the parings (for $15/person) were fantastic. Each wine was exceptional on its own and even better with it's accompanied dish. Unfortunately, that list I mentioned earlier is currently with my girlfriend! As soon as I get it back, I'll update this post.If you are looking for a romantic, upscale, and yet reasonably priced (under $100 for the two of us), meal, look no further. Toast lives up the the expectations we put on it.
3	Came with my mother and tried the tasting menu. Excellent service, good food. The food was generally well-prepared (the pork chop was particularly well-executed) and the wine pairings were well thought out. However, one thing that sort of bothered me was that for the party of two, we each received a different tasting. The idea of getting two tasting meals at a time is certainly admirable (and definitely possible with their portions), but sort of takes away from the more holistic aims that I generally hope to have in a tasting menu. I also thought some of the flavors in the tasting menu didn't quite work great together and did not really seem to build on each other. That said all of the dishes were good on their own, although the mussels were not fantastic.
5	I had the opportunity to eat at Toast! again this year and I can say that it was even better than before. The menu was great and the Black Drum, which I had never heard of before, was excellent. I highly recommend eating at Toast! if you are in Pittsburgh and looking for somewhere to exceed your expectations.
5	My mom and I traveled to Pittsburgh to visit family 3hrs outside of Pittsburgh. We decided to spend one night in the city since neither one of us had been there. After searching Yelp reviews for Pittsburgh restaurants, I decided to make reservations at Toast. My mom and I love tasting menus, so this was just what we were looking for. Our reservations were for a Thursday night. We found parking on the street, the area is bit sketchy. The restaurant was busy and the group that walked in before us didn't have reservations and had to wait. So I was glad we made reservations. They seated us immediately in one of the smaller rooms upstairs. Very intimate setting with a fireplace. Tables were spaced really well for privacy. My mother and I order the tasting menu with wine pairing. At any nice restaurant, this is always the BEST way to go. 4-course $40 w/wine $25. A total bargain for what we got!!! My favorites dishes of the night: Escargot - was cooked and seasoned perfectly, Oysters - beautiful presentation and fresh. Beets - served three ways were awesome, but I Love Beets! The Hangar Steak was melt in your mouth tender. And my favorite dish of the night was the Goat Cheese and Rock Shrimp Cheesecake! I wasn't sure what to expect as it sounds kind of weird, but my mom and I both agreed it was the Most Surprising and Best dish of the night! And it was a very large portion! The wine pairings were done really well, they went with each dish beautifully. There were a few wines we had never tasted anything like before that were SO good. After such a perfect meal and being pretty full, we couldn't help but order a dessert to share. We decided on the chocolate peanut butter sandwich, which was made with homemade chocolate cake with peanut butter ice cream in between! Need I say more!? Coffee was really good. Overall, one of the best meals I've had in the last year! Toast exceeded all of my expectations! Too bad Portland is so far away!
3	Overall, the food is fine, though no dish left a very strong positive impression. There were a few mis-steps, but nothing too terrible either. My dinner companion and I both had the tasting menu, which turns out to just be a subset of dishes from tonight's dinner menu. This was somewhat disappointing -- what I liked about ordering a tasting menu is that it gives the chef an opportunity to present a coherent meal to showcase his/her vision/perspective. Instead, at Toast!, each person gets his/her own (seemingly random) sampling of dishes for the tasting menu. The idea sounds intriguing in theory. In practice, unless everyone is willing to share, it leads to some unfair inequalities.My meal began with a tiny but tasty bit of froie gras; my companion's starter was less luxurious -- he got mac n' cheese w/ a fried egg. My second course was a dorade (small fish) over wild rice (a bit dry); my companion got the short end of the stick again -- an unpleasantly fishy bowl of scallops in their shells. We each had a small, inoffensive plate of salad/veggies as our third course. Finally, my companion's hanger steak (rare and thinly sliced) outshone my cube of suckling pig (a bit too salty).  The tasting menu ($40) does not include dessert, surprisingly. In retrospect, that was probably a hint that we should have stopped there.  At the server's recommendation, I ordered the pot de creme (not bad, but kind of one dimensional, not as decadent as Dinette's); my companion opted for some old fashioned doughnuts (which had a distractingly gritty texture from the undercooked dough). I don't disagree with other reviewers that the ambiance was nice and that the service was good. Toast! is not a bad restaurant. It just has not achieved the level of imagination and complexity demanded of the caliber of restaurants that it aspires to be.
5	i asked the chef to create something vegetarian since I didn't see alot of items on the menu. It was fantastic. Jalapeno risotto with greens and some other items. I was very impressed and will return. Upscale but relaxed. loved it!
4	3.5 stars.  I really wanted to absolutely fall in love with Toast.  I really did, but something just didn't click with me; more on that later.We ended up going with a party of 6 on a Wednesday night; we scoured yelp to find a place to eat and ended up calling in various restaurants to see if they could squeeze us in (Toast had a time slot open at 8 PM).  They have a regular menu, but on Tuesdays and Wednesdays they have a chef's tasting menu for $30 w/ an optional $20 wine pairing, so most of us decided upon that option.Now the chef's tasting menu at Toast is a four course ordeal where it's a grab bag of what you're going to get as opposed to a standard set menu.  You'll be asked if you have any food allergies or restrictions, and then the chef cooks whatever he likes and it's luck of the draw for what you end up getting served since no two dishes were the same (I told my waiter I was allergic to everything but lobster).  I have a feeling the waiters were the final deciders of who would get what dish.  Because of this, there's no real flow to the meal as the flavors of each course might not work well together.  The progression of courses starts with an appetizer followed by a seafood dish, then a salad of sorts and it ends with a meat dish.The food was cooked well, but I had issues with the use of "side dishes" by the chef.  Also, none of the food was really memorable; nor did any of the dishes really strike me as particularly inspired.  My seafood dish consisted of a small fish fillet complemented with a few strips of roasted potatoes.  The fish was tender with a perfectly crisped skin; however, I'm not sure roasted potatoes were the best choice to be paired with this fish as it seemed more of an arbitrary "side dish" as opposed to being an actual part of the entree.  My meat dish was roast duck (medium rare) served with black eyed peas.  Like with the fish, the black eyed peas seemed to not really fit in with the dish either.I guess my main gripe is that the dishes would've been better completely decomposed; the sum was less than that of all its parts.For the purposes of yelp, my review is rounded up to 4 stars b/c the atmosphere and decor were appropriate and they were extremely accommodating even though we lacked formal reservations.  Also, even though I complained a lot about their dishes, $30 for a four course tasting menu is extremely wallet friendly and definitely a good "deal" for the price.
5	This is a great restaurant with intimate atmosphere and delicious modern creations.  Their menu changes constantly depending on the local produce available, in addition they also have an extensive wine list for your selection.  If you are adventurous, the chef's menu on Tuesday night is a good choice.
4	There has been a lot of good press for Toast in the recent past.  We ate there for the first time, so I have just one experience to share.  The place is relaxed, and our service was very good.  My husband loved the appetizer with two kinds of liver (beef and lamb) -- an unusual offering which had been recommended to us by a sophisticated diner.  I thought the sweet onion bisque was one of the nicest soups I've had in a long time.  The Barramundi and lamb entrees completed our evening.  The mashed sweet potato which came with the barramundi deserves a special kudo.  The wine list is excellent, and there are lots of options by the glass or bottle.  Pricing made purchase of a bottle attractive.  An all-around great evening.
5	went there for my 21st birthday with my boyfriend, and I will definitely be back! our waiter was extremely friendly! had great suggestions for appetizers and dinner. atmosphere was fantastic....great for a romantc birthday dinner! we had the shrimp and grits appetizer---no wonder they're famous for it! it was PHENOMENAL! I had the pheasant for dinner and it was cooked perfectly! couldnt have asked for a better birthday dinner!
4	As a disclaimer to this review I should make clear that I'm not a connoisseur of fine dining, so perhaps I was being wowed by splendor I'm unaccustomed to.  I might feel different about the place if I had paid the bill, but such a place would never fit into my grad student budget.  But, I was taken there by a professor along with a group of about 15 students and professors, and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Overall, the food was good but not great, while the service was outstanding.For the appetizer, I had the shrimp and grits.  Growing up on the West Coast, I'd never tasted grits before and didn't really know what to expect, but this dish was amazing.  Creamy, rich, and full of flavor.  For salad, I had the One Woman Farm Spinach, which was a pretty simple spinach salad.  The dressing was delicious.  I was a little puzzled by the fried egg on top (haute cuisine?  I'd love an explanation), but it was very good.  I imagine I'd feel this was overpriced had I paid for it.My entree was fish served over carrots and other vegetables, but I've forgotten the exact name of the dish.  It was good, but very salty.I had the ginger-orange brulee for dessert, which along with the shrimp and grits was my favorite.  It was incredible.  Like the shrimp and grits, it was rich and just exploding with flavor.  As for the service, our waiter was excellent, and he had answers to a variety of questions.  He was also good at keeping track of who ordered what, which was a challenge because we had all the men in the group rotate around the table after each course (to make sure that conversation stayed fresh).  The restaurant was very accommodating of our needs.  We were a group of about 15, we were given a gorgeous private room that suited us perfectly.  So, four stars for good food and great service.
4	This is the place to go when you want to be positively pampered. Their food and drinks were undoubtedly wonderful but I was most impressed by the service. They were very attentative to our needs and speedy too. The menu changes daily so it's hard to say what'll be on there on your visit but since I was with a party of 10+ I got to try almost everything on it that day and wasn't disappointed by a single item. For those like me that don't want to pay for a $100 dollar meal, Toast has "tasting tuesdays" where you get the full five course meal for $30 check it out!p.s. Shrimp and grits is sooo so good
4	Let me start this review with this:Waiter: So, you want a complimentary glass of wine before you go? (check already paid, tip already made)Me: "No, that's okay, it's after ten, you probably want to get out of here.". I'm the last paying customer in the restaurant at this point.Waiter: "No, it's cool," he says, refilling my glass with excellent Californian Cabernet Sauvignon, while music by the rock band My Morning Jacket plays in the background.  "We have a ton of cleaning to do before we get out of here anyway."I had the chefs menu, and everything was great, especially the bacon macaroni and cheese (case in point: I seriously considered licking the plate.  I'm not kidding).  They have great wine.  What else do you need to know?  Just freaking go.
2	I have to preface this with I REALLY hope this isn't standard here, because I LOVE WINE AND WINE BARS! Although the atmosphere is pleasant and kinda sexy, we did not have the best experience unfortunately. We were seated upstairs in our own private room, very nice...and our waiter was real and pleasant.  We started with some wine and an appetizer, which were both delicious.  Then a large party, (of about 8 people or so) joined us in the private room...fail. Our waiter than politely took our order, and about 7 minutes later took the order from the other party in the room.  We were enjoying the atmosphere, but after about 25 minutes of being entree-less, we thought something was up.  The icing on the cake was that the large party received their entrees BEFORE us. Another fail. At this point I was pissed, but in their defense both the waiter and the manager came up to us and told us that the kitchen had "lost" our ticket and were very apologetic.  Hmmmm. Whatever, bad things happen to good people. Our main courses FINALLY arrived, and were just OK.  We were then comped for champagne and dessert, which was a nice gesture, but the whole experience had unfortunately left a bad taste in my mouth. I'll probably try it again, simply because I love the idea of the place.
5	This place is a gem.  The food, wine and service exceeded our expectations.  It's a great place to take a date or just get away for an excellent meal.  The place is a bit small so if you intend on going be sure to make a reservation a few days in advance (on open table).  The chef apparently did his training in the Richmond, VA area, so you'll be able to see the southern influence in the menu.  For me the food completely changed my perception on what southern food could be. I had a smoked pork shoulder with pureed sweet potatoes ... the flavor was indescribable!My wife and I will pay this place a visit again for sure!
4	You would not think this was going to be a good time.  Toast is strategically located between the Hillman Cancer Center and Cricket's strip club, overlooking the bus highway.  Parking is on the street.  The building itself is nondescript.  Walk in.  Inside it is warm, dark and VERY COZY.  The crowd is laid back and friendly.  The menu is sophisticated, yet not fussy.  The restaurant has confidence.  We went there once with reservations and the manager immediately said, "I have a seat upstairs but no one is up there.  I'm guessing you want to be downstairs.  Let me buy you a glass of wine and we'll get you seated when the next table comes up here.'  That's the kind of smart service you want.  Loved it.Overall, Very sexy.  Bring your spouse.  Bring a date.  Bring both.  They'll thank you for it.
4	casual spot with gourmet food---the beets, the onion bisque, the elk tenderloin, and the chicken 3 ways were all outstanding. No need to dress up here--if you want good food, and some excellent wines by the glass, go here. (old Baum Vivant location, only now with bar!)
3	I had heard a lot about Toast from a friend and was excited to try it. Unfortunately, I was underwhelmed. I ordered fish over a bed of rice, and the rice was very dry - not Basmati try but dry to the point of being hard and undercooked. The rest of my food was average, but I think there are better restaurants in Pittsburgh at this price range.Where Toast shines is as a wine bar. The wine list is excellent and the atmosphere is intimate. Parties are seated close together, and if I were to give Toast another try, it would likely be on a date.
3	Toast! is delicious.  Pricy, but delicious.Took bf to dinner for his birthday and ordered the Shrimp with Grits, the risotto as appetizers.  Delicious.  The grits were buttery and creamy, and the shrimp were perfectly cooked.  The risotto was good too, but man, the grits were fantastic.  The main courses: BF got steak, I got fish with crab stuffing.  Steak was good, crab was very good, but the fish was a bit dry.  Dessert: The chocolate pot de creme.  Meh.  It was good, but barely enough to justify the price tag.  But I think the best part about the restaurant was the service.  From the time we stepped in the door to the time we left, the service was impeccable.  All the servers were very nice and very talkative.  No one acted better than you, or snooty.  It was nice to ask a question about a dish, and actually get a straight answer with a nice conversation, rather than get barked at by a snooty waiter with a fake smile plastered.Overall: Great service, great wine, GREAT Grits...but the rest were more mediocre.  Very willing to pay for the first 3...but the rest, overpriced.
3	Although the atmosphere is great, their best quality would be the menu. Our waiter informed us that it changes nightly, keeping only a few fan favorites for staples. One of their staples, shrimp and grits. Try it, you must try it. I was torn between a few different starters and entrees, but since I chose the shrimp and grits, I left happy. I had chicken with a squash puree and my bf had potato soup and the hanger steak. Both meals were enjoyable, but next time I promise to venture out of my comfort zone and get something like the lamb which our waiter referred to as "something Fred Flinstone would eat after he slides off his dinosaur", with a description like that, how can you resist? It may be a little pricey, but I'd say it's worth it. The service is great, even the man who brought our food and took our plates struck up a conversation about the ever-changing menu. The cozy upstairs had fireplaces and candles and made a great environment to enjoy dinner. It's definitely worth trying and just remember, if you get the shrimp and grits, you won't be disappointed.
5	Without a doubt, the best restaurant in Pittsburgh.  While the location leaves a bit to be desired, the moment you walk into Toast you will feel like you're a thousand miles away.  The food is fantastic with frequent menu updates, but there are some mainstays that are hard to pass up, most notably the shrimp and harbenero cheddar grits.  The suckling pig is also fantastic and is surprising in its plating.  Toast also lives up to its billing as a wine bar with a great selection and many reasonably priced wines from which to choose.The ambience is very cozy both in the downstairs bar and the upstairs seating area.My wife and I have been to Toast many times and consider it one of our mainstays in the Pittsburgh area.  If you haven't been, you're simply missing out!
5	I don't think it gets any better than this place. In town celebrating a couple of birthdays, we started our night at Toast and quickly found out why everyone we talked to described the place as fabulous. While I can't say we had the most enthusiastic bar service while we waited for our table (the bartender didn't seem to like that we asked him to take our picture so perhaps it was our fault since he was so busy), things quickly took a turn for the best when we settled into our cozy booth and were given a tour of the menu by our knowledgeable and attentive server. Between the 3 of us we sampled the Ahi Tuna (uh-maze-ing), the filet, the arctic char, and the flounder. The wine list was well-rounded, uninhibited, sophisticated, and provided very reasonably priced and tasty selections. After our meal our server offered to call us a cab so we could continue our celebrating, but soon brought the sad news that it would take hours for one to get to us (thanks to a Mr. Bon Jovi and his concert). His alternative suggestion? The owner of the bar would drop us off on Ellsworth since he was going to go past it anyway. Really? When does that type of thing happen? I wish I could give this place 10 stars, but I'll have to settle with 5. Keep this place in mind when an occasion pops up and a great restaurant is needed. You'll want to be here for it.
5	Best meal in Pittsburgh so far. The Shrimp and Grits lived up to the hype, delicious, with just a hint of spice. The suckling pig was outstanding, the chipotle mashed sweet potatoes being a particularly stand out accompaniment. My wife's rib-eye was also delicious. The atmosphere had enough energy and the wines were fantastic.
5	My boyfriend and I came here with a reservation on a Friday night around 6:30.  We were seated right away in the dark downstairs dining room, where the walls are lined with wood, and the wood is lined with wine bottles.  Our seating was comfortable, and not too close to the table next to us (relief).  The restaurant didn't seem incredibly busy - comfortably populated, but a few empty tables scattered around.  You might not even need a reservation.Our server was very casual, in his dress and demeanor (jeans and black button downs seem to be the uniform).  His interactions with us were a little lax, a little moreso than I expected, given that it's a somewhat pricey joint, but he was knowledgeable and happy to give recommendations, which is always appreciated.The menu changes daily, so there are no specials.  Everything is a special, in that sense.  The wine list, printed on the back, was absolutely delightful since almost every bottle can be ordered in a taster portion, a half glass, a full glass, or a bottle.  Lovely!  I ordered three tasters throughout the evening, and it was such a fun experience.  We drank white with our appetizers, red for dinner, and sparkling for dessert.  I was never too drunk or too full of wine, the price was great, the taster portions were more generous than I expected, and I got to try five kinds of wine.  Hard to beat.We had a Montravel from Spain, which my boyfriend loved, and their Riesling, which I loved.  Both wines were flavorful and unique, and it was a truly great experience to have excellent wine again, compared to our usual bottles purchased cheaply from the store.  Our appetizers were the Mac and Cheese (goat cheese, local sausage, and a fried egg in the dish), and the Stuffed Poblano Peppers.  The Mac 'n' Cheese was good, creamy but not too heavy, and the pasta was orzo which was fun.  But the Peppers  - just to die for.  To.  Die.  They had been roasted, it seems, or grilled, and were filled with the most flavorful housemade pork sausage.  We were both bowled over.  If this is on the menu, don't miss it.  Their sausage is the real deal.Next we got two tasters of red, the Cotes-du-Rhone and something else....also very uniquely flavored and rich wines.  Our entrees were the Suckling Pig and the Hanger Steak.  The steak was my favorite - cooked to a delightful medium rare and served with roasted potatoes and rutabegas, it was simple and unpretentious.  Great beef flavor, nothing too intrusive or unusual.  Just high quality food.  The pig was good as well - the texture was divine, soft and reminiscent of pulled pork only better.  The sweet potato mash alongside was great.  My only complaint was the sauce was, in my opinion, too salty.  Anything it touched became too salty, and the sweet potato mash was needed to cut through that sodium taste.  I think it bothered me more than it bothered my boyfriend.  We absolutely finished both plates, practically licking them clean, but I'd watch out for that sauce if you're sensitive to salt.For dessert I had a glass of moscato, sweet and lovely, and we split the "peanut butter ice cream sandwich" which seemed more like a peanut butter pie, but who's complaining?  It was very good and a great end to the meal.All this for about $75.  The way they price their wines makes all the difference, and a great meal instantly becomes much more affordable than you'd expect.  I'd recommend Toast! to anyone, especially wine lovers.  It was such a treat, and didn't break the bank.
3	I really want to give Toast! better review especially since I absolutely love the wine pricing options (tasting glass) and food quality here. However, when I come to a wine bar with a wine selection appropriate enough to be called as such, I expect variety/quality of cheeses to match. The cheese plate on the menu was not only a dissapointment but a complete snafu since I got there - neither the waiter nor the matreD knew the cheeses! Does this mean cheese is not important in a wine bar? (big fail) Local sourcing at Toast! is definitely a concept I enjoy. The food is really gourmet, made with organic and local ingredients - a treat indeed! I had rabbit with rotini, and very much enjoyed the fresh pasta...Chicken was not bad either...free range and fresh, but polenta was only ok....Wine and drinks though really take the cake - 20, 30, and 40 year Tawny - oh yeah...french press coffee, too. Yet, the service was very slow, and deserts, not very creative. I wasn't impressed with the bread pudding at all. The waiter came back twice to ask us what our order was - um, get a pad and write it down if you have short memory problems.Maybe I am spoiled by the wine/tapas bars in the NYC, with their fast service and fantastic small plate and cheese choices; but cheese and wine go together like bread and butter -  a thought out cheese selection is important.  Also, with the menu focusing on local sourcing, finding Toast! did not include any local cheeses (I know they are out there)  is quite surprising, too.4 stars for the restaurant...2 for wine bar (This place is trying to be a wine bar right?)
2	since it opened this has been one of my favorite places but I'm dropping it off my list after my last visit. The food was ok, the service was terrible, and the ambiance was dreary. We were in a little room upstairs which at first we thought of as 'cosy', but then realized it was just dreary, like having dinner in a large closet. The waiter was loud and too full of himself, and made several mistakes, bringing the wrong appetizer and then the wrong bill. So many better places to go these days.
3	After reading wonderful reviews and hearing from friends that this was a wonderful restaurant in Pittsburgh I was slightly disappointed in my personal experience at this restaurant.  My party of 8 went to Toast! for dinner on a Friday night.  My first impression of the restaurant was that the downstairs was cozy and seemed ideal for a glass of wine and intimate dinner.  However, our group was seated upstairs at a very nice, private round table.  Our waiter was extremely knowledgable on the wine list and suggested a wonderful Pinot Noir.  I really liked how you can either do a taste, half glass, glass, or bottle of the wines.  It makes it fun if you want to try a few different ones throughout the meal.  The meal was not rushed at all and our party was given time to talk amongst ourselves before ordering.For a starter I ordered the Beet Salad which was delicious.  The black truffles on the beets were excellent and this was a great way to start the meal.  Some of the other salads ordered by our group were the Spinach Salad and Vegetarian Caesar.  The Spinach Salad looked great and was enjoyed by everyone who ordered it.  The fried egg and thick chunks of bacon make it special and something that you can't find anywhere else.For our main entrees our group ordered: Flounder (with blue crab), New York Strip Steak, and the Gerbers Farm Chicken.  I was one of the people to order the flounder (our waiter recommended this as his favorite fish on the menu) and since I have a crab allergy, they were able to substitute asparagus instead.  Unfortunately, I found the fish a little bland and was disappointed that I did not get the creamed corn with my meal.  I, along with the two others who ordered the fish, would have liked to have seen more of a sauce on the fish.Everyone else seemed to enjoy their dish.  The Steak came with what was described as an "awesome roasted cauliflower" for a vegetable and the chicken looked delicious.  Looking back on it, I would have gone with a different main course but all in all we had a relaxing and enjoyable experience.  I'd like to go back and try something different on the menu and since the menu changes practically daily, I don't see this being a problem.
4	Such a fun evening!  Reconnecting with an old friend - and never missing a beat since our last get-together - is always a good thing, but friendship wasn't the only good thing on the night's menu.  First of all, my expectation of the space was completely different - in a good way - from what we found.  A wine bar with fine food to me meant a little stuffy with snotty waiters recommending high falutin' wines.  What we discovered was a smallish warm, dark, intimate and casual space with warm and friendly service.  Cody made some fine suggestions for my dining companion (not a wine drinker here) to accompany each course.Neither my friend nor I could pass up an appetizer of Shrimp & Grits.  Habenero cheddar grits topped with shrimp and finished with brown sugar?  Amazing.  Three shrimp were perfectly cooked - no rubbery shrimp here - the grits were tender and cheddary with that little kick of heat, but the brown sugar raised each of the ingredients to a new level.  I may have found my favorite shrimp n grits in the 'Burgh.As we'd started out earlier in the day and stopped at Silky's for a little pre-dinner libation while waiting for Toast! to open at 5:00, I wasn't all that hungry.  Instead of an entree, next I settled on a simple spinach salad with a bacon vinaigrette, red onion slivers and topped with a fried egg.  Delicious.  The only small disappointment was that the egg had been fried too long and at too high a temperature.  I wish it hadn't been crunchy on the bottom and wish it HAD had a nice runny yolk that could have become part of the bacon dressing.  It was still a fine salad.  My Maryland friend had the Scottish salmon which she enjoyed immensely!Thank goodness I saved room for dessert!  Again, simple made my dessert a star.  I don't remember what it was called, but fresh banana halves were sprinkled with brown and then bruleed to a crunchy finish, topped with a scoop of Dave & Andy's walnut ice cream and drizzled with a rum caramel.  It was better than bananas Foster!  My dining companion had the espresso mousse with fresh strawberries.  Another delicious dish!  Cody clued us in that Toast! is opening a second location on Western Avenue on the Northside in a few weeks.  I'm looking forward to trying that location, too....and hoping the parking situation is better than the Baum Boulevard location.  Take quarters and PRAY you can find a meter!  Parking situation be damned, I'm going back to this Toast! SOON!
4	Showing my age, I can say that I had several dinners in this location when it was Baum Vivant.  It's great to see such a great use of the space that is the restaurant Toast.  I went here for a private dinner of about 15 people.  There was a pre-set menu that had about 4 choices for appetizer, entree, and dessert.  I went with the asparagus soup, hanger steak, and chocolate mousse.  All were excellent.  Toast has a very extensive list of wines by the glass.  This is a pretty unusual thing to see around the Burgh (and a common thing to see in SF).  Each wine glass also comes in 3 different sizes which is great if you want to try a bunch of different wines.  I thought this was really creative.Toast is an excellent restaurant for a larger group like ours.  I definitely plan to come back again to experience the full menu.The only negative thing I can say about Toast is that for a weeknight, the parking situation sucks.  There's no lot, no valet, and you have to park on the street.  I don't know if there's a valet on the weekend or not, but that would greatly help.
2	I was *so* excited to go to Toast and had been wanting to go for ages given the breathless reviews I keep reading of it.  I started with the mac and cheese with pork shank and egg. The egg added nothing to the dish and only aggravated its already runny texture.  For my main course I had a fettucine with chicken and rosemary (I was carb-loading, apparently).  The dish was fine, but had nothing special or memorable about it.  I'm reasonably adept at cooking Italian food and felt that I could have made a comparable or better dish at home.  The atmosphere is interesting - the bar area downstairs is very hip and fun-looking, while upstairs (where we ate) was very quiet . . . verrrrry quiet.  I could hear everything everyone else was saying. Although I feel that I should give Toast! another chance, I am unwilling to do so at the price point.
2	Potato-leek soup was great.  Scallops were far from the best I've had.  Accompanying grain was pretty tasteless.   Upstairs room was good for the quiet.
3	First impression.  Totally ooh la la romantical inside.  I felt like I was meeting a french lover and we would sit closely and feed each other croissants.  ,I was, in fact, not meeting my french lover, but some fab yelpers for a new dining experience.  They did not feed me anything, but I did enjoy some good food and great company!Being good little foodies, we had researched the menu (thanks Serena!) and decided to go with the food pairing.  Our waiter was little to no help in actually describing any of the menu items we would receive or up selling the extra $20 wine pairing.  Strike one.We decided to not do the wine tasting and just choose 2 half glasses.  It was really interesting how they break down the wine servings.  You can buy a 2oz, 4oz, 8oz and bottle.  I actually like that because it encourages you to try different wines you may not be familiar with.  Or be too scared to try and not like for fear of blowing $10 a glass!  Strike two came as we sat there for a good 20 minutes after our food was ordered waiting for our waiter to come back and ask us what our wine selection would be (hint to business: people who drink spend more money, so hurry it up:).  We actually had NO clue what kind of food we would receive for the tasting.  Not a good choice for a picky eater.  I applaud those who aren't (and get annoyed at those who are, sorry folks!).  The first course came and it looked as if two people received one dish and two people received another.  I had the angel hair crab pasta.  It was an interesting dish to start with but it was a strong start food wise because the white cream sauce was really tasty.  The next dish was trout with greens, or it at least looked like that.  I could barely understand the food runner as he literally, ran away.  It was OK.  Nothing memorable...literally because it's the one dish I struggled to remember as I thought back at the four dishes.  Third dish was the spinach salad with goat cheese and blueberry vinaigrette dressing.  I love when restaurants have interesting salad choices.  A simple salad is just that, simple.  You can add flavor, literally, to any salad with an array of toppings and dressings.  I really enjoyed the uniqueness of this one.  My last dish was quail with risotto and spinach.  Greens were obviously in high quantity in the kitchen tonight!  I actually thought this was the best dish.  It surprised me because I'm usually not a fan of "chicken" dishes.  It was really tender and flavorful with a ginger reduction sauce.  I also liked the risotto and spinach mix.  The sauce made it really rich and flavorful as well.Where's strike three you ask?  Well, we waited FOREVER for everything!  Water, wine, meals....Bueller....Bueller??  The saving grace was that someone (server, food runner, manager, busboy...no clue) came out and apologized for the slow service and told us desserts would be on the house.  If you know me, you know a desert can fill a lot of voids in my life.  Maybe even bad service.  We received a peanut butter ice cream sandwich (YUM!), balsamic ice cream (DOUBLE YUM, surprisingly), rhubarb pie (Ew, too tart) and lemon pie (Ew, too sweet).  The only one on the table left almost in tact was the rhubarb pie.  Tasting menu's are usually the way to go when you're at a new restaurant and want to sample a bunch of different items.  I almost feel like I may have been better off choosing one item (mac n cheese, I'm looking at you!).  So yes, I'll be back.  Soon?  Not so sure.  And I'll for sure be a one meal kinda woman.  French lover style.
3	Solid 3 stars...contemplating on 4 but really only a 3.5 stars. I really liked the interior of this place, especially the bar area with all the wood. The ambiance for the upstairs is more date-ish although I was here with Yelp friends. We decided to do the tasting menu since we went on a Tuesday (Tasting Tuesdays) but without the optional wine pairing for an additional $20. It doesn't really make financial sense to do the optional wine pairing b/c you get 4 tastes of wine and when you look at the menu there's only one taste size that is $5 - all the others range from $2.50-$3.50?!?! Let's do some simple math - 4 wine tastes should at least be $5 to make this worth it (4x5=20). So I opted to just get 2 half glasses of wine (which came under $20). So the tasting was a bit odd b/c it's like a grab bag of items. You don't get to choose what you want, there is not a set "tasting menu" - it's a anything that the chef/server decides to give you - you eat sorta deal and that's your tasting. So everyone at our table got different dishes from each other at each course (4 courses total). It would have been nice to either have received the same thing for each course so we could discuss (even if we didn't know what it would be) or if there was a set tasting menu. Bizarre! While I enjoyed some of the dishes I had (fried tomatoes, caesar salad with strawberries, hanger steak) I wasn't overly impressed. As you can see I only remember 3 out of the 4 dishes I had - nothing too memorable. An annoying this was before they serve you - they ask if there are any allergies and how you'd like your meat to be prepared. I explicitly said MEDIUM-WELL - since I'm not a big meat eater I prefer my meat to be cooked. Well when I got the hanger steak it was mostly red - it was tender, but it was still annoying b/c what's the point of telling them you're preferences if they're not going to do anything about it. The service was a bit off as they didn't really check on us and the server wasn't too great with recommendations (he had none especially when it came to the wine). But they did redeem themselves and acknowledged their negligence and gave us a free tasting of wine (but it was super-sweet wine so none of us finished it) and then they gave us a selection of free desserts. They gave us a lemon pie of some sort, rhubarb something, peanut butter ice cream sandwich and balsamic ice cream. I liked the lemon pie and the peanut butter ice cream sandwich. The free wine and dessert was a nice gesture on their part, but couldn't make up for the other issues.
3	I was confident going into Toast that I would like it given the other reviews however I left feeling torn and after thinking about it a little more I'm ultimately disappointed. I went with three other people and we all ordered the tasting, which seems like quite the steal for a four course meal. However we asked the waiter what we would be having for the tasting and what wines he would recommend. Interesting - each person does not get the same thing for each course (whatever the chef has left over from the other dishes) so we were not given any recommendations since there was a big question mark on what would be cooked for us. Of the four courses that I received, I was sad to receive a basic salad - lettuce, tomatoes, onions and dressing. Since I was paying for a tasting I was expecting some creativeness. However I did like the soup I received for my second.Service was slow but that can be somewhat attributed to the broken ac in the downstairs so everyone had to be seated upstairs. We were sitting at the table for over 3+ hours - oye vey! To make up for that the chef gave us desserts on the house which was a big plus.I'd say the food was a flop but I would go back for the wine given you have four glass size options.
5	I love Toast! so muchGreat wine, food and bartenders.Best date spot ever.(b)
4	This was my first time to Toast.  I was impressed overall and would certainly go back.  I enjoyed the pinot noir block nine as we waited just a few minutes for our table.  According to my friend the menu hadn't changed much since his last visit but I was still impressed as a first time patron.  We didn't opt for the tasting even though it was a Tuesday.  We had the fried green tomatoes with peach salsa as well as the shrimp and grits to start.  The shrimp and grits were fantastic.  I then had the beet salad and the hanger steak.  The steak was cooked to perfection and paired well with the bordeaux blend.   I sampled the duck confit and thought it was done well, but not nearly as good as the steak.  The peanut butter ice-cream sandwich was out of this world.
5	Excellent food and great atmosphere
5	This place is fantastic. It's a little bit difficult to find, but that's why I would call it a hidden gem. If you think it looks like a house, it's because it had transformed between house and restaurant quite a few times in the past 100 years. It's always good to have dinner in a place with some history.  As it's an old house, I heard that some of it shakes when the trains come by a few stories below - I'd call it a quirk. It was cool having dinner with a fireplace and some exposed brick. I guess it felt like I was in a homely dining room because it was actually the dining room in the house.For dinner, I had an absolutely amazing mac and cheese with a fried egg on top, and a slow roasted farm chicken with mashed cauliflower and fresh carrots.  Chicken was moist and tender, but I really liked the slight bake they did right before serving to make the chicken skin crispy.The wines suggested by the waiter were excellent, and I even tried the two stouts that had on menu (which made gave me that satisfied grin throughout the whole meal).  I was told the wine pairing on Tuesdays are ridiculous. I hope to try it the next time I'm in town. I wouldn't be surprised if it'd get messy with all wine mixing.
3	I really, really wanted to like this place.  Our interaction began superlatively when we made the reservation for six on Open Table and then had to change it to eight by phone.  They were more than accommodating and pleasant.  Walking in - once we found it, the street is sort of dark and the awning is also dark - we were seated immediately.  Our food was superb.  The appetizers were tasty and sufficient.  And the wine list was great.  They obviously have an awesome chef because the food quality was superb.  Both in presentation and culinary art, each plate was very appetizing, from the wonderful rockfish to the steak plates.  The risotto was also as tender as it could be, deliciously flavored.The downside came in the service which was at best, passable, at worst, an exercise in a near nervous wrecking ball on the part of the waitress.  We sat close to 20 minutes to be tended to.  And when one of our party remarked to the waitress (after being seated) that the home made bread was subject of outstanding reviews, the waitress looked at us with almost a horrified face and told us that it had been a disastrous day and that it had included a breakdown in the bread machine and blah blah blah.  (Why anyone would greet a full table of eight and set that tone for the rest of the evening is beyond me).  That was our welcome to the service...  Uhhmmmm.....  Then it went downhill from there.  To make a long story short, I'll paraphrase an old military performance review adagio:  Sets low standards for him/herself and fails to achieve them...  That was our service evening.
3	I had heard nice things for this place so I was excited to go and check it out.  First impressions was great. Nice atmosphere inside the restaurant, a small nice place.  However, the food experience was far from what I had expected.  We started with an appetizer, the cheese plate.  It was interesting, with nice flavors.  The appetizer paved the way for a nice food experience, which however was not accomplished in the end. For the entree, I thought of ordering something simple so as to avoid judging the place for something I do not like in general.  Thus, I ordered the ravioli dish.  Even though it took some time to come I was excited to taste it.  I was not the same excited after tasting it though.  Badly prepared and "flooded" into sauce.  After we decided to go for dessert and we ordered two different ones.  I have to admit that the cinnamon donuts were amazing, but the chocolate dessert we got was "yet another chocolate dessert".  I have though to mention that the two people I went with there still think of it as the best restaurant in Pittsburgh (which I doubt it :) ).
4	I had spicy Mac & Cheese with a fried egg... Amazing.  And lamb meatballs with palenta...decent.  Wine was good, service a bit slow. But I'd definitely go back.
4	If you're looking for very good food at very reasonable prices, in an excellent and quaint atmosphere, look no further than Toast.  Oh, excuse me, I meant Toast!We enjoyed their 4-course tasting menu, and on Tuesday, it was only $30.  I'm not sure you could find a much better bargain in Pittsburgh.  It wasn't a pre-fixe menu, it was just whatever came out of the kitchen.  So, on the one hand, I was a bit disappointed to not have tried the touted shrimp and grits or bone marrow.  On the other hand, each diner gets something different, so it was a great way to sample the food.Oh yeah, the wine comes in a half-glass (4 oz) as well as full pours.  It's just another great way to sample their wine menu.The food was very, very good.  I wasn't blown away with the flavors, but there was some creativity, which came off well.  One of the last dishes was basically pulled pork terrine.  It was great.  And again, I think there is great value here, for $18 to $22 entrees, vs the $25 to $32 at  others such as Casbah or Spoon.Lastly, the environment is fantastic.  It's set in a house, so there are multiple small rooms.  It's cozy, romantic, dark, and all with a nice indie music playlist setting the tone.I'm looking forward to another visit.
5	I've been to this restaurant twice and have been satisfied both times.  Great wine selction that rotates monthly, friendly and knowledgable staff not to mention delicious food!  I inquired about a wine I had a year ago.  The host took my email, researched which wine it was and contacted me a few days later with the answer.  I highly recommend this restaurant, it's rare to find quality in both food and customer service!
5	We made our first (but certainly not last) visit to Toast during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week, and all I can say is that we're in love with the place.  From the moment we walked out of a cold January rain and into a romantic, cozy room dressed in wood and deep reds, I was sold.  I felt like I had suddenly come into possession of a fabulous log cabin hideaway, and was having dinner with my husband as we holed up against the elements, armed with plenty of wine and good food to protect us from whatever vicious weather lurked outside the door.We opted for the Restaurant Week special, which was a discounted tasting menu, served with a wine pairing.  The menu was four courses long, and each of us got a different plate for each round.What I loved about this was the element of mystery.  We could hear words being tossed around in the kitchen behind us, which only built up the excitement, but we had no clue what would really be delivered to us until it was in the waiter's hands.  I tried desperately to guess based on the selection of silverware that was brought out for each round, but I think our waitress started giving us extra pieces to throw us off.Round one was shrimp and grits for me, and frog legs for my husband.  I loved both of these dishes (we decided to switch plates halfway through each course so we got to maximize our tastings), and what I loved even more was that without a surprise-filled tasting menu like this, I would probably have never branched out and tried them.Round two was a cauliflower soup with lump crab and a Caesar salad.  We also had a basket of warm, soft bread with whipped butter on the side and something sweet baked into each slice.Our main course was a hangar steak with mashy sweet potatoes and cauliflower in a sweet reduction, and salmon with beans and lentils.  While I admit that it was hard to swap plates on this one because I was so crazy about the tender, juicy hangar steak, I was also pleased with the salmon.Dessert brought mini cheesecake bites (imagine that a cheesecake was wrapped inside a crispy funnel cake crust, and you'll understand what this tasted like) and a carrot cake bread pudding.  It was the perfect thing to top off the meal.With each course, we got a new glass of wine, paired to the food.  All in all, since we shared our food, we got to sample eight different courses and eight glasses of wine.  I was totally enamoured.  The service was top-notch, good music playing on the overhead speakers, and the atmosphere was perfect.  Without a doubt, we will return.  I do recommend getting reservations (you can do it online with OpenTable), because the seating area is small and intimate, and I can imagine they book up early on weekends especially.  So glad we picked Toast to kick off Restaurant Week!
3	I've actually been a long fan of Toast's, even though I never put in a formal review.  But I have to say that despite it having been one of my favorite places to go in town when it first opened, the last three times I've gone, it's been a let down.  Don't get me wrong - it's not that it's bad.  It's just that, given some of the other options around Pittsburgh nowadays, I no longer find this acceptable.The Chef's tasting deal on Tuesdays is a great way to introduce yourself to Toast, if you haven't been.Last night, we went, and the food was meh.  Some of us ordered off the main menu, others went with the chef's tasting.  I got fried rice with escargots as my starter, and it was underwhelming.  I prefer escargot with tons of butter, and serving an Asian person fried rice is just insulting (I'm actually kidding a bit here, but I'll admit that I'm snobby about the fried rice).  My next course was salmon on carrot puree, which was excellent, and the highlight of my meal.  Next up was wild greens, which was a good salad, but nothing special.  Last course was skirt steak on pureed celery and glazed carrots.  And that was seriously overcooked.  As my tablemate said, it tasted like beef jerky.So, I'll admit that I feel kind of bad, since I should have just sent it back.  But, I also don't think that the onus should ever be on the customer.  It's just a bad position to be in.From now on, I'm taking my business elsewhere.  Salt is in this same price point, and infinitely more exciting and consistent in terms of quality.
3	My first time eating here was on Valentines Day with my wife.  I chose three stars, but really I think more along the lines of 3 1/2 - 4.Atmosphere:  The bar area looked nice, but I can't really speak to it all that much because we were seated upstairs.  I like the look of the place, it feels like you are sittig in your own living room with the hardwood floors and the fire fire place.  The place throws me off a bit though, though Toast! is nice I would not really consider it a "white table cloth" kind of place and it doesn't really mesh with the the whole place, at least in my opinion, but I guess that is really neither here nor there.  The music playing is not what I expected, as they place a lot more modern music, which again throws me off with the white table cloths, haha.Drinks:  They have a nice wine selection, not the best I've seen, but better than most of the restaurants I've been to in the area.  Food:  Against my better judgement we started with the crab cake.  I did not like it at all, the crab tasted off, but I guess you'll get that when the crab isn't fresh.   What really matters here is the food and it is pretty darn good.  My wife had the Australian Barramundi with rock shrimp risotto and baby bok choy and the lobster sauce.  Though I didn't try the barramundi my wife thought it was very good and kept raving about the risotto. I had the flat iron steak with potatos gratin, hedgehod mushrooms and jus.  The steak was done to a perfect medium rare and was juicy and had greate flavor to it, they got the steak right.  The gratin was okay, nothing special, and the portion was about the size of a couple spoonfuls.  My really only complaint that is if you are going to have three steak options on the menu, why not make one of them more traditional, at least of Valentines Day...    For desert we had to order two, because two jumped off the page at us!  We ordered the peanutbutter ice cream sandwich and donut holes.  I won't go to far into these two dishes, but they were damn good!Overall this is the best meal I've had in Pittsburgh.  Does that mean it will be the best down the road? No and I hope not.  I was a little underwhelmed, but I am not by any means saying I disliked the place, I guess I was expecting too much.  I will most certainly go back at some point.
4	Great wine selection! The food wasn't as impressive as I was expecting. It tasted good, but I just expected more for my money. I went here for my 21st birthday and was kind of bummed that I didn't get carded :/ ha. My date and I ordered two appetizers because I didn't feel like spending a lot of money here on food. Shrimp & Grits - This had a very sugary taste that I kind of was tired of after a few bites. Seems like an odd combination at first but not bad tasting. The portion was pretty small as well. To me, not worth $9Pork and Duck Rillette - The duck was pretty decent, better than what I have had other places. But again, it was very small. $9 We wanted to do the tasting menu for the food but I feel that would be more appropriate if you had a larger crowd and could pass dishes around. The wine made the night. I enjoyed the Riesling. Note: I wouldn't bother paying the money for the wine tasting because you can just get little samples of whatever you please for $2.00 per 2oz. I believe with the tasting you only get like four samples for $20.00 so might as well try more and spend less. I love how you can choose different sizes of wine..the taster, 1/2 glass, full glass, and bottle. Way fun! The dessert wines were my favorite! I ordered the Ice Wine Riesling VQA and was pretty impressed. I'm a sucker for sweet wines so these were perfect. I'm pretty sure you couldn't go wrong with many of these.I wasn't really crazy about how small the area was inside, it def gets packed in there and you can hear conversations from the tables next to you. Overall, the atmosphere was pleasant, server was very helpful in recommending different choices, I would come back.
4	Overall nice atmosphere and delicious reasonable food. Went there on my recent visit to the burgh for a bday celebration and I was most pleasantly surprised. We had a very private table in the back which was nice since I was with my mother and sister and wanted to have a quiet conversation. Our waiter was very pleasant and not overbearing (hate that) and gave us honest opinions. They have a fairly small menu which I personally believe is the only way a restaurant can truly deliver excellent food and service. They also update and change the menu frequently based on what is in season and what they buy fresh which is also the only way to go. I ended up getting the hanger steak which came with mashed potatoes and carrots, paired with their signature Toast sauce, which is red wine based. My sister ordered the new york strip with polenta mixed with blue cheese and asparagus. That was my second choice. And my mother ordered a sea bass filet which was cooked perfectly, crispy skin and a variety of nice veggies. We didn't order off their wine menu, so I am unable to comment on that, however if it is paired well with the food I have no doubt it is just as delicious. For a starter we ended up ordering mussels, which were tasty however I make a mean mussels in white wine sauce myself, but they were very good. The bread is baked fresh daily and they add hints of sea salt and various herbs to it which really sparkles. We had sea salt and rosemary, a divine combo.So, if you are looking for a place in Pittsburgh that is reasonable and delicious with a nice laid back but classy atmosphere, don't hesitate to check this place out. I was happy with this choice. And I can be fairly picky.
5	Holy crap, this place is goooood, I mean real good. It was so crazy delicious and the set up is really cute. Great atmosphere, great eats. I had the chicken with goat cheese mashed potatoes and I had to stop mid meal to weep into my napkin because the food was so good. I basically licked my plate clean. We also shared the shrimp and grits and cheese curd appetizers and they were amazeballs. The shrimp was kind of sweet and the grits were just the right amount of spicy. It's not exactly cheap, but for such excellent cuisine and a gastropub-y experience, it's not bad at all.I think you might need a reservation to go -- so book one. What are you doing? Go book one!
5	Excellent food, excellent service.  Pricey, but definitely worth it.  The ambiance is cozy and classy as you sit in a room with just a few other tables.  The Pot de Creme is amazing.
5	Finally had a chance to return and took advantage of the Tuesday tasting menu (with wine pairing).  Needless to say, I was not disappointed.  As remembered, the flavors were amazing and the service was absolutely perfect!  I will certainly be back - hopefully sooner than later.
5	They have a chef who really, really gets it.  The menu can change often, because she? he? only uses the best.The idea of doing wine taster sizes with along with a large selection is really great too!Update:  My wife just went back about a year later, making this the only restaurant I can think of in a different state that we've sought out when back in town.  Same results: amazing!
4	This was my first trip to Toast.  I took my partner there for his birthday.Space:We found the space to be pleasant and laid back.  The host seated us on the first floor room in one of the two booths in the back.  This area is raise up a step which affords the diner a good view of the dining room and other patrons.  Unfortunately, the seating is not very comfortable as the padding is not sufficiently thick to prevent you from feeling every board of the seat's frame.  In addition, this the seating space is quite tight and, even though the booth can, in theory, accommodate three people, I believe that it would not be a pleasant experience.Service:The staff is friendly and functions as an ensemble team.  Service was sufficient and unobtrusive; however, they miss the mark in their ability to answer questions about the menu.  They seemed to be surprised when posed with questions on the food's preparation and could not adequately explain ingredients.  They also approached the answer in a slightly disdainful manner.  Not enough to cause insult but definitely from a "I can't believe that you don't know that" point of view.  While the staff is pleasant, I did not feel welcomed or completely appreciated.  I know that might sound self-centered but, at $50+ per person, I expect a better staff/patron connection. In short, a course in bed-side-manners would go a long way to improving the dining experience at Toast.Food:We shared the Pork Egg Rolls appetizer, which was quite nice, crispy and fresh, served with a dipping sauce.  We each had a soup.  Both the Cauliflower with Roasted Red Peppers and the Chilled Asparagus soups were light, creamy and flavorful. We would definitely order them again.For the main dish, my partner had the Lamb Meatloaf with Garlic Mash.  For those of you who are on the fence on lamb, the meat's flavor was a bit wild or gyro-like, which I personally liked, but I can see some people being put off by the taste.  The Garlic Mash was very whipped and I would have expected a more rustic preparation.  For my entree, I had the Hawaiian Ono with Cous Cous and Shrimp Cream.  The fish steak was thick and not quite done at the very center. Since I like sushi, this was not really an issue.  Ono is a very mildly flavored fish and serving it on  bland cous cous did nothing to enhance the dish.  I imagine the thought was that the Shrimp Cream would do the trick but, it was salty and one dimensional and with the cous cous being placed directly in it, the flavor never really made it to the fish.  I would suggest that a small amount of the sauce be served on the side so that it could be poured on the fish if so desired.For dessert, my partner had Balsamic Ice Cream with Berries. Very nice. My one suggestion would be to serve the sauce in a small creamer on the side.  I had the Peanut Butter Ice Cream Sandwich.  Perfect!  Both desserts were beautifully presented.Overall:My partner and I both feel that we will return to Toast, probably for appetizers, soups  and/or salads with a nice glass of wine.  It is less likely that we will consider this establishment for a full dinner.  For the price, I think that there are now enough other interesting dining choices in the city were I would rather spend my cash.
4	Overall, my experience was good and I will come back to try it again, mainly because there are many other items on the menu I want to try. Our waitress may (or may not) have been new, but she was not well versed in the wines on the list. However, I still managed to choose a wine that I was very pleased with (Tempernillo - Finca Vieja "Crianza", Castilla La Mancha, Spain 2007). I choose the lamb meatloaf at the recommendation of the waitress (because it will only be on the menu for a short while), and it was great. It had the perfect amount of crispiness on the outside without being overcooked on this inside.The atmosphere is one that is good for many occasions: celebrations, dates, or outings with friends.
5	I love Toast! I love to eat in the bar area, which reminds me of a tasting room in Napa Valley.  I love the way the food is put together so simply but so delicious! The chef's tasting paired with the wines is the way to really experience the best of Toast.
4	Excellent food and excellent service. Good selection of wine. Semi-casual, cozy atmosphere. Great for dates.
5	I visited Toast! for my birthday dinner last night and couldn't be happier with our decision. We had met one of the chefs, Chris, at a pub last weekend and were inspired by his enthusiasm for the ingredients (locally farm-sourced) and passion for his culinary creations. Everything we ate was as delicious as he described, and the wines we tried were excellent!As others have mentioned, the interior of the restaurant is rustic and inviting - wood beamed ceiling and cranberry colored walls. Tables are situated rather closely, excepting a few areas that are arranged in a more relaxed manner with cushioned benches. There is also a bar with what appeared to be a full liquor selection. Toast's wine list features about twenty five varietals with one choice in each category (plus a few blends).We are nuts about wine, so we tried everything from sparkling to Zinfandel and were more than pleased with each glass. It is so great to be able to sample a wine as a half-glass or smaller quantity without being charged extra.Appetizers: Mission figs with goat cheese wrapped in iberico ham. Great, loved the subtle herbal flavor of thyme and lavendar to compliment the drizzle of honey. Loved the cheese plate as well, although I wish we'd been given additional crackers as they are made in house and taste delicious!  We also ordered the hand-pulled mozzerella caprese salad, in which the balsamic vinegar had been formed rather nontraditionally into little gelatinous cubes - tastier than it may sound - and sprinkled with lemony basil. Entrees: Crispy pork shoulder over slightly smoky peaches and fried greens. Perfecly crisped with fork-tender meat inside. Outstanding! Husband ordered the lamb meatloaf with herb gravy over roasted root veggies. We couldn't decide which was better. The couple seated beside us were very impressed with the risotto entree and the steak. They also shared with us their creme brulee, which we all agreed was lovely.We tried three desserts - doughnuts with caramel sauce, strawberry shortcake and chocolate pot de creme. Fabulous - consistency of the pot de creme was every bit as good as my mother's (my personal standard). We paired our sweets with a Sauternes and their lower-priced Portuguese port. By this point I was in heaven.Our server was sweet and knowledgable. They kept the door open to the kitchen throughout the duration of our meal, giving the impression that the chefs take great pride in their food preparation. A manager/owner stopped by to gauge our satisfaction and thank us for coming. We felt appreciated and pampered. I can't wait to return to Toast! in a few months for fall flavors!
5	My daughter and son-in-law took me there for my birthday last night. Wow what a meal. We did the tasting, and I love grits and shrimp, so I was very happy to be served that as one one the courses. The best grits and shrimp I have ever had so I didn't think it could get better, till they brought out the crispy roast pork. The pork was so tender and full of flavor that I would be hard pressed deciding what to order the next time, and yes there will be next time.
3	I don't think I would ever go back here. It was quite overpriced and the food was strikingly bland. Also, if you're a caucasian chef, don't try to serve Asian dishes unless you have a clue: It's effing embarrassing. My risotto was ZzZzZzZzzzzzzzzzzzzzHow hard is it to make good risotto ya dummy?
5	This is what I've been missing?!  No one told me how great Toast is WTF?  Ha.  Saturday night with a couple yelpies we stopped in here around 10:30ish for a small bite and some wine.  Small bite turned into a cheese plate and the shrimp and grits.  I keep thinking about that shrimp and grits dish- fantastic!  I always picture sloppy breakfast looking grits.  Is this picture off base?  YES!  I also enjoyed how the wine is served with choice of the pour...gives room to sample.  I tried the chianti and it made me warm right up on a chilly night.  Last but not least the chocolate dessert!  Just magnificent!  The waiter told our table that peeps come in just for that choc dessert.  It's that good!  I'll be back.
4	I was visiting Pittsburgh on business for the week and the manager at my hotel suggested Toast! as it was within walking distance from the hotel. It turned out to be a great choice. I really loved the dimly lit ambiance inside... it gave it a speakeasy feel. I sat at the bar (which had hooks underneath for my purse... love when a bar does that!) The wine list was great, but there was no Malbec, which is what I usually go for, so I decided on a Cote du Rhones per the suggestion of the bartender. It was delicious. I was stuck between the crispy pork and the scallops, but the bartender was kind and knowledgeable... he directed me toward to scallops. I am so glad he did! They were matched with a sweet potato puree, corn salsa, greens, and a maple gastrique. I was the happiest girl in town!
5	Not sure why it took me so long to review this place, we've been a dozen times and it improves each and every time. Went for my birthday. Pretty sure it was the owner waiting on me. Seated right away, got the corner bankette and it was so comfy. And as usual the menu was exceptional. I love that the menu changes whenever they're in the mood. This month's menu had fried green tomatoes ( MMMM) and then my personal favorite shrimp and grits. And the menu always has such fun seasonal stuff. Met the chef he's been there like 7 months, yet the transition is seamless. You'd never know they changed chefs even. Beverages ( diet soda, I'm so advenurous ) arrived within literally a minute in this beautiful balloon wine glass stem ware. Great stemware. Refilled it 3 times for me, he was on top of it. Even the ice water was perfect!Food - got the shrimp and grits. SOOO good. Brown butter and a touch of brown sugar, with the PERFECT savory cheesey grits, and the shrimp were sauteed to perfection. Then the bread, some kind of sea salty caraway crisp bread yet soft. Perfect 10 on the bread. Very important to me. Then the entree, hangar steak - the medium rare was textbook, sliced really nicely, and some sort of marscapone cheesy grits type thing to go with, and the vegetables were awesome. Golden beets and ramps. So good. My wife's brussell sprouts were so good I had some, and I hate brussells. Go. you'll love it.
5	This was a great Pittsburgh find for a visiting New Yorker. A very nicely balanced wine list and the staff was knowledgeable and could answer questions easily about the wines and the menu. The food was great. I had the salmon, which came cooked a beautiful medium rare, as ordered. I will definitely try to return when I'm back in Pittsburgh next time!
4	Top 5 meals of all time. I just need to throw that out there. This meal at Toast! (the second of two bday dinners with the wonderful Jonathan D.) was INCREDIBLE. We both opted for the Crispy Pork at the suggestion of our very friendly impromptu dining partners (also celebrating a birthday - yay!) and they could not have been more right. The pork. My gawd. Thinking about it leaves me breathless.  I just don't know how they do it. Crispy on the outside and oh-so-tender-and-juicy-and-awesome on the inside. Surrounded by an apple puree and topped with SPICED sour cream; I mean come on - does it get ANY better?  No, it does not.  I also enjoyed the wine selection (and pour/size selection) as well.  The dessert menu didn't do much for us so we opted for Oh! Yogurt! instead, but all things considered, this was an amazing meal.  Our server was a little too haughty for me; hence the 4 stars. But the food gets 6 stars.  Go!  Toast! Yeah!
5	We (wife and I) were part of a wonderful experience here at Toast Kitchen and Wine Bar.  As part of a small wedding party attending a rehearsal dinner we were seated in the cozy upstairs room.  The tables were nicely set and our drink orders were taken immediately.As we chatted and sipped the wait staff brought out various tapas beginning with a small cracker and cheese board.  The next few plates included small endive leaves with beet, mandarin orange and goat cheese; and my favorite, shrimp with cheese grits.For a starter I had the seasonal soup, a pumpkin bisque- it was smooth and light with a subtle hint of anise flavor on the back.  Nice.  For the Entree I selected the crunchy pulled pork- the flavors were excellent, the meat was moist and finished with tasty outer char crunch.  Laurie had the scallops, they also received high marks from the folks who ordered them.For dessert I ordered the pumpkin spiced creme brulee.  This was a small cream portion in a shallow ramekin with a perfectly caramelized top.  Just the right amount of food.My glance at the wine list suggested that they have a fine cellar, Laurie really enjoyed her Chenin Blanc.  The service was prompt, friendly and accommodating.  Everyone had a marvelous time, cheers to you Toast!
4	Great meal last weekend. Not only was the food great but the wine list was inexpensive and very varied. The service was also really good. It was nice to have A level food and wine in a casual atmosphere.
4	Toast! was great.  Must get the shrimp and grits.  My only complaint is I ordered the scallops for dinner and for $26 I expected to get a little more than four scallops especially because nothing else came with it.
3	Huz and I came here with another couple for Friday dinner. I love the inside - reminds me of some of my favorite Philly joints - cozy and intimate with subtle lighting. Our glasses were never empty and our waitress checked in with us regularly. The food was actually really good - seasoned well and portions were good for sharing. And now my reason for the 3 stars: Only complaint is the lack of vegetarian options. Vegetarians eat more than salad and there was only one vegetarian entree. Our waitress also informed us that they do not make any modifications to the menu or prepare a separate dish. Most of my friends are vegetarian which means this place is out as an option for group dining. Unfortunate for Toast.
2	Did not care for their menu selections and felt they we're trying to be too gourmet. Was not very good. May be more focus on their wine menu might be better. Probably will not go back.      There are better places to go......
2	I went to Toast with a group of 5 other people this week.  The service was incredibly poor It took them over an hour to get us our first course (which was all salads -- nothing that needed to be cooked), and then another hour to get us our entrees (and they didn't seem to be particularly busy). My boyfriend ordered wine pairings with his meal and they completely forgot to bring it for his second and third courses.I am a vegetarian, and I called in advance to ask if they could accomodate vegetarians, and they said yes.  When we got there, they had no vegetarian entrees.  The chef did make me something, but it was basically just a few side vegies (they charged the same price as the meat entrees, event though it was basically just a salad with no protein).  I left hungry and ate again when I got home.The 2 items I ate (a beet salad and the vegie entree) were fine, but were nothing special, and lacked interesting flavor.  The rest of my table gave mixed reviews on their dinners - the Carne Asada got excellent reviews, but everything else was just meh.
5	shrimp & grits = delicious!
2	The service was great and the staff very attentive.The space is very small, cramped, but warm.The food... good, small portions and overpriced.Appetizer: Let me preface - I don't have much tolerance for a lot of spice. I was so excited for the shrimp & grits. First, the portion was tiny, second it was way too spicy to be enjoyable  for me at least. I let my husband and brother-in-law have it. My husband agreed it was too hot, but my bother-in-law liked it.Main course: I ordered the sea scallops for dinner... and thats all I got... 6 sea scallops. Not a single starch or veggie to accompany it. Everyone else enjoyed their duck, pork and chicken. However, we can all agree the portions were too small and the price was too high.Overall, I won't be going back.
4	Small, to the point of being a little cramped.  Good food. Small portions. No veggie entrees on menu (this is 2013, right? come on Toast!) .Shrimps and Grits and Beet salad were excellent.  Good wine selection!
4	My boyfriend and I came here for our anniversary . I had been here once before but did not get to try the food. It was worth the wait! The food was delicious and the server was friendly and helpful when I asked for a wine reccomenedation. The only reason I did not give 5 stars is because the music was of a mixed variety and did not match the "intimate" tone of the restaurant. I will definetly be coming back to Toast! Again!
4	Had dinner at Toast while in town to look at Pitt with our son.  Very nice menu, wine list and good service.  Highly recommended!
5	Wow, we had a great time here last night! We joined some good friends for a relaxed evening of conversation and good times - I read the menu on their site beforehand, and really liked what I saw; a nice smattering of savory appetizers and entrees, just waiting to be tried.Being able to order wines in three sizes is a nice touch, and encourages sampling of multiple varieties. I liked that the wine list is one page, rather than a 10lb book. While I enjoy wine greatly, I must admit that I am not well-versed in the specifics of vintages and varieties to be able to decipher lists like that. I like simpler lists, and this one was great - it was easy to match our wines with our apps and entrees. (I picked their malbec of the day, and followed this with a pinot noir...)The food here is absolutely wonderful - all of our dishes came out promptly (even though the place was packed) and were served at the correct temperature. The service last night was incredible as well - our waiter gave us useful tips regarding the dishes on the menu, and I must say that he definitely was on the ball here. Our table had the shrimp and grits, chicken liver pate (best app of the night!), roasted beets and mussels. All of these were just delicious! For the entrees, we went with the braised rabbit and duck breast. Both were insanely delicious, and well-suited for this setting.The background music was great, and was not distracting, and it was easy to carry on a great conversation throughout our meal without having to strain, a real bonus, since the place is small and intimate. Many places we have been that are like this one are too loud, and miss the whole point of being in a small, intimate place with great food and drink...Yes, Toast, you get 5 stars from me for providing a wonderful evening with my wife and good friends - the food and drink was delicious, and your staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful.We will DEFINITELY be back!
5	I've been here a few times for nice dinners as I am a recently graduated and quite poor college student. Normally I would find it offensive to pay this much for food, but my dishes have been amazing.
5	Went here with the hubby the other night for our third wedding anniversary dinner, and from the moment we walked in I knew I was going to love it here! We were greeted right away by the owner, seated promptly and were even treated to a complimentary glass of champagne for the special occasion. I hardly remember mentioning it on the phone when making reservations, but they did, and made the evening special from the get go with this special treat!We partook in the 3 course menu for $40 and additional wine pairings for each course. With this set menu, you get a warm app, cold app and then your main entree. I had the grilled shrimp and habanero cheddar grits, dried apricot, pecan and goat cheese salad with champagne vinaigrette, and bass with spring vegetables and carrot puree. My hubby had the blue mussels, cheese board, and goat ragu pasta dishes. The salted rosemary bread and whipped butter for the table was also delicious. All courses were fresh, flavorful and filling and absolutely delicious!! Presentation was beautiful - of course I had to instagram every course! With each wine pairing, we went with the recommended wine, but what was nice is that you can choose the size of glass you have - 2 oz, 4 oz, and full glass. That way, you can get more of the kinds you like, but try a new wine in a small size in case you don't love it. All wines were delicious and went really well with each course. Our waitress was super sweet and knowledgeable about each wine and described their tasting notes when we were unsure of what to choose - also allowing us to try 2 types of white when we initially were going to purchase a bottle before deciding just to do the pairings. We went on a Wednesday and they were having "half off bottles" that night - which was an amazing deal! We'll probably do that next time if there's a type we really love!For dessert, we were super full but decided on another glass of champagne each and bought a "Round of Beer for the Kitchen" for $10. All members of the kitchen could be heard cheering upon hearing our choice! We just couldn't miss out on the chance to treat them for all of their talents and the restaurant for really providing us with a memorable and enjoyable evening.Can't wait to go back!!!
5	Excellent food. Every bite was worth savoring. Great wine pairings too. Had the beef carpaccio for starter and the lamb meatloaf -- the great surprise was the duck confit, which was like smoked and fried duck all in one. Fantastic!
5	Aside from the great service, atmosphere is very relaxing. I had the farm chicken and it was amazing. My hubby got the lamb meatloaf, he told me that he can eat same  potatoes everyday for the rest of his life and he will never complain again :)) One quick note, this is the first restaurant in Pittsburgh that brought the food in the perfect temperature (and we've tried lots of them)! Definitely try.
2	I love the feel of this restaurant, and even the food was quite good. However, it was unfortunate how pretentious our waitress was. Perhaps it was because we came later in the night, but she seemed all about ready to ignore us and close doors for the night. We had questions about some of the pri-fixe menu options, and when we asked, we literally saw eyes rolling. Pretty sure that's not remotely how patrons should be treated. This attitude continued throughout each course of our dinner, all the way until she handed us the bill, and that's when we saw a smile. Really hope she wasn't expecting a big tip.
2	I only had some wine and two small dishes so I feel like my review is semi incomplete. I had the sliced beef app that came with bread. It was ok to not good. Very dry and virtually no flavor. The baked brie with lavender honey and apples was awesome. Totally redeemed the flavorless beef appetizer. The wine was great. I had three glasses of Sauvignon blanc. The service was ok not to very good. The waitress had no idea what she was talking about. She must be new. That's fine...I can understand and be ok with that. But it probably would've been better if she just said so. She almost messed up my friend'a order but I quickly realized she was talking about the wrong dish. My friend was asking about the fish sandwich and she was explaining the ceviche. She said it was raw. I said there's no way your fish sandwich is raw. And she insisted the fish was so good it could be served raw. I insisted she was wrong. She checked with the kitchen. Sure enough she was wrong and admitted she was describing the ceviche. Which technically isn't raw since the juices cook the fish but I digress. Anyway, yeah, service not so great. Food not so great minus the brie. Wine good. Will I go back? Doubtful. For paying that much for apps--one of which was flavorless--I doubt I would be willing to pay a lot for a main dish. But I suppose the other dishes might be pretty good.
2	I ordered the shrimp and grits and was really disappointed to find 4 measly and overcooked shrimp tossed over grits that were swimming in a pond of grease/oil (not sure what it was, just that it was not pleasant looking or tasting). Overall, it was under-seasoned.I also ordered the mac-n-cheese... which came out lukewarm. Although I am definitely a fan of fried eggs. it didn't work with this dish. The crab meat (that also was a part of the dish) felt out of place.The baked brie was fine but its pretty hard to mess up melted brie, no? The panna cotta had a good flavor to it, but had an odd texture and was overly thick.The waitress did not help improve the experience. She literally rolled her eyes when she was taking our order. However, our water was constantly refilled by another waiter and the ambiance was nice.
2	It was to my embarrassment that my friends and I met for a celebratory meal at Toast! at my suggestion. I visited Toast! about two months prior for a different celebration and had an amazing meal and perfect service. I raved to my dinner companions about my previous experience and all were excited to dig in. Unfortunately, I have never had such abysmal service. At one point I wanted to ask our waiter if he was really that miserable waiting on us. By the end of the meal he had successfully put all of us in worse moods and put a damper on an otherwise lovely evening. I was really excited about taking my friends there after a previous great experience. Now I very much doubt I will be returning at all.
5	Toast is back!  I had to quit going for awhile because the quality if the food had really declined (but never the service--always excellent).  I heard the owners are back in the kitchen with a great new menu so I decided to check it out.Toast did not disappoint.  The ambiance remains excellent.  The menu is great--they've added pizzas that are outstanding, sandwiches, and best of all, they are open for lunch!  Check it out!
2	This is a sad review for me to write because when asked about my favorite restaurant in pgh, I would always say toast. I hadn't been in about two years but suggested it for a friend's bday. Like reviewer Alexis K, I feel embarrassed for saying how much i love Toast because the food was awful. The sweet and sour tofu was a disgusting block of tofu that was un-seasoned and unseared. literally a block of tofu cut in half. The monkfish was salty as were the lentils that went along with it. my risotto was not even made with risotto rice and it was crunchy. i'm so super bummed. luckily the wine selection is still ok and the place is really cute. but what happened to the food? ugh. super bummer for pittsburgh.
4	Food was excellent.  They have a very diverse menu with something for everyone.  Service was great.  The wait staff was very cordial and friendly.  They even let us stay well past close to finish our drinks, desert and conversation.  We would definitely go back.
3	Had dinner here last night & really enjoyed the ambiance & the staff.  We stayed an hour past closing, finishing our after dinner drinks, and the staff was so accommodating!  The dining area was cozy with a nice fireplace.  The food on the other hand was just alright.  I had the Monkfish (without the pork belly b/c I''m a pescatarian) and it was very bland.  I had to order lemon wedges to add some taste.  Maybe the pork belly was supposed to add all the flavor.  If so, when ordered without it, they should add some other flavoring/sauce OR don't allow people to order it that way.  My husband on the other hand really enjoyed his Chicken dish.  We got the apple cinnamon cheesecake for dessert.  The apples were great, the cheesecake part was just alright.  My husband and a friend got the chocolate & whiskey dessert.  Accordingly to my husband it was not very good.
3	I stumbled into Toast! with a friend on a cold weekday evening. We were asked if we had a reservation and we did not, but they accommodated us upstairs. The downstairs bar has cozy lounge tables and would have been my first pick, but the upstairs was just fine too. I was kind of surprised to find the upstairs empty because it seemed like they were having a hard time finding us a spot. The wine list had some very unique wines and great tasting options. We opted for a few (yes, we had a lot of wine) flights and out of the 20 wines we tried, we didn't care for only one! They are reasonably priced and a decent portion. I think we paid 14 dollars for one flight with 4 tasting portions of wine (about 2 oz a piece). Not too shabby!The food was just okay. My friend had the chicken pot pie which was "deconstructed" and had some hard pieces of something (she had no idea what it was) that were a turn off.I had a simple salad but that's pretty hard to mess up. The charcuterie plate was pretty depressing. We tried a few meats and cheeses and they were all just okay. The accompaniments were not the best, offering only a few apple slices, crackers and almonds. Some honey would have been a nice touch. All in all, I would likely go back to Toast! mainly for the wine flights!
2	I was taken to toast for my birthday. It definitely put a damper on my evening. Our waiter was miserable. When he came back with our drinks he  accidentally spilt  our beer all over my table and dress. I understand accidents can happen, but then he just left me to deal with the mess. I've never had that happen before, even in casual restaurants.  We had to use our dinner napkins to soak up the mess on the table and ended up eating off them. In retrospect we should have just left then, but since it was my birthday we decided to stay and give it a try.Unfortunately the food was very disappointing. My boyfriend's sweet and sour tofu, was literally a single massive block of tofu in broth. All I felt was pity watching him try to eat the bland tofu cube as I sat there in my stained birthday dress.  My vegetarian burger was a tasteless mass of pureed lentils between two buns. We left early - disappointed and depressed. Watching my boyfriend actually have to pay for the experience of having my dress ruined, their abysmal service, and bad food was painful. It kind of ruined my birthday night. I guess it guess it goes without saying I won't be eating there again.
5	Our 2nd time here and always delivers... I get 3 samples of amazing wine doing nothing more than describing my mood or taste.  Yes, it is a tad pricey but rest assured your money is well spent and filters right back into their philosophy of local and fresh ingredients, organic and all crafted by their chefs.Every time we go there is a new and awesome surprise.  Agree with other posters that the service is above and beyond - we regularly get the same server, so that says to us that they are happy in an industry known for extremely high turnover.Can't wait for our next date night!
4	I've been here four times and have never had a bad meal. It's the first place that comes to mind to take company when they come to town. Located in an old row house, it has a cozy feeling (fireplaces, ornate doorways, steep stairs). The waiters are always very professional and knowledgeable...not afraid to tell you what you what the best meals are that night. I had a lamb "tasting," my husband had surf and turf risotto, and my mother had fried chicken...all very unique and different dishes but each was prepared perfectly. They also have some items on the menu that you likely won't see many other places (hello, antelope?). The only downside is that, since the menu is printed daily, you can't get too attached to a dish. It may be gone the next time you visit. And, they only use seasonal ingredients (which I like) but means you might not be able to get your favorite sides year round. All in all, a fantastic food and dining experience. I believe the moderately high prices are completely justified. Go!
2	Had not been to Toast in over a year but went with a friend and planned to have drinks and a meal at the bar.  The restaurant is nice and cozy and we were able to find seats by the bar. Unfortunately we did not receive much notice from the servers and eventually had to flag folks down to place orders.  Looking around this did not seem to happen to others but perhaps they are regulars. We left after one drink as no one really followed up with us and we were kind of left hanging. Awkward experience - perhaps reserving a table might have been better?
4	Very intimate and somewhat small inside. Cute place that you would totally pass up on Baum Blvd unless you were looking for it. They seem to have specials every night. On thursdays they have a burger, shot of bourbon and a beer for a really decent price. Friday happy hour is my favorite. Special $5 glasses of wine! Yes! sign me up! They have a great wine selection. For dinner I had the scallops, mac and cheese and mussels. The scallops were delicious as were the mussels. I wasn't too impressed with the mac and cheese. I will definitely be back to Toast! Excellent atmosphere!
2	I really wanted a wine bar experience, I wanted to try several things; our server seemed more interested in getting us out of there then adding to the experience.I am looking for a place to enjoy wine, and I was hoping this would be it.The food was good, yet not unique as people led me to believe.  The place is nicely set up though, I like the use of all the wooden wine boxes - gives it a nice feel.Music was the basic 80s/90s mix that most restaurants play for some reason.
2	I have always loved Toast for the wine and atmosphere but in the past have had issues with service and sometimes the food.  I had dinner there on Saturday. And while the food was quite good, the service was marginal with a major attitude. I understand that someone can have a bad night, but I have had this particular server before and I think this is a pattern with her.   I will return but sit at the bar or ask for a different server.
5	I took my girlfriend here for our first year anniversary. Heather, waited on us and was amazing and super helpful, made us feel welcome and happy to help us celebrate. We'll be back for the thurs special
4	Was at Toast yesterday for a late dinner, could not have picked a better place for Saturday night! I ordered the Smoked salmon appetizer, which had a very light tangy twist to taste. My main course was the seafood flatbread , which was an interesting combination for a pizza. I enjoyed it but i would say the best dish in the house is seasoned lamb on a banana leaf! I didn't ordered it but someone in my party did, and they obliged me with a spoonful of tender, well seasoned lamb sausage!
4	This is a go to for every work trip to Pittsburgh. I always sit at the bar, which is cozy and pretty quite, and I always have great service and excellent food. I really enjoy the draft beer selection and do enjoy the wines from time to time. The soup of the day is a must. I also had the the new salmon tostada - it was excellent.
3	Pleasant meal, but for the price I would probably go elsewhere. My main complaint is that the menu descriptions tend to not really match what you end up getting- I don't think they are intentionally deceptive but nonetheless this can create disappointing scenarios. We started with the crab salad. It was simple but pleasant. Could have been improved by more dressing. Also the arugula wasn't the freshest. I also wish the crab pieces were bigger. Next was the duck and peanut pate pizza with arugula. We were surprised that the "pate" was actually slices of sausage. Also there was no sauce to speak of, not even a vinaigrette to accompany the arugula salad atop the pizza. The dish was forgettable, until the next morning when my urine smelled of the pate (which I have to admit smelled better the second time).The "steamed lamb in banana leaf" entree, while delicious, confused me the most (I also think it confused the waiter). The description mentioned sausage but I interpreted that there would be individual lamb and sausage pieces. I asked the waiter to better describe the dish and he confirmed that there were pieces of lamb. However, what we actually got was a dish with. *lamb sausage* - very different than the succulent lamb I was expecting. There was a nice curry sauce and rice though so it was overall a successful dish. Still would've preferred to be better informed about what I was getting.The mojitos were on special and were delicious.Overall a decent meal but would not recommend it . Unless you are a big fan of sausage...
2	Good deals, but service is bad and so is the food.
5	Decided to try Toast because of the Groupon that was offered and are very glad we did!  The wife and I very much enjoyed this place and the food was outstanding,  and the service was excellent!  The menu changes a little everyday, but we enjoyed the menu standard of Shrimp and Grits which was wonderful, as well as spicy chicken and waffles. Have already mentioned this place to friends and are planing another trip back very soon.  Highly recommend this place!
4	It has been a while since I last visited Toast, but my previous sentiments still hold true - this place is GREAT!We went with a small group on a Friday night.  They were kind enough to seat us  in a semi-private room upstairs.  This is such a neat space.  It's an old two-story house that has been converted into an upstairs and downstairs with a full-bar downstairs.Notable stand-outs on the menu were: Shrimp and Grits (at least get the appetizer portion if you aren't going to do the entree size).  The shrimp were large and I think we got 3 or 4 of them in the app size.  The tasso ham was delicous and bacon-y.  The grits were cheesy and awesome.  This was a super hearty and filling appetizer that everyone loved.  I got the burger which would best be described as close to the best home-style, backyard bbq type burger you can imagine.  It was nothing overly fancy and it wasn't trying to be more than just a burger.  But it was a really good burger.  Perfectly seasoned, lettuce, tomato, onion and ULTRA fresh fries.  I mean, "did you just pull these from the ground, wash them, slice them and fry them" fresh.  Even my wife said the fries were delicious, and she's a fry snob.Most of the other guests got the hanger steak.  The steak looked good, but I'm still glad I got the burger.  They nailed the temp on everyone's entree.  Med rare was med rare, medium well was perfect too.  Everyone finished their entrees - a good sign.I'd say the desserts were the low spot of the meal - not terrible, just not memorable.All in all, we were very pleased with our visit and I'm glad that groupon got me to try a place I had almost forgotten about.I'll be going back for the Wednesday special - burger, beer, and a bourbon for $14!
5	We went there for our anniversary.  The service was excellent and the food was great.We started off with some wine,  beer and a cheeseboard.Then for the main course we had the hot chicken, which was fried chicken over a waffle with collard greens and a hot spicy sauce on the side.My wife got the Amish chicken which was chicken with turnips on the side. Both excellent dishes. Dessert was fried dough and creme brulee.Overall excellent. Kudos to Groupon for letting us findThis place.  Give it a try...
4	My boyfriend and I went here on a date.  First impression?  It was lovely, romantic, quite quaint, and the lighting was mood perfect.  We started off with some red wine the waitress suggested.  When it came to apps we were so torn between two and asked the waitresses opinion she was quick to speak up and spoke quite highly of all of the appetizer but really suggested the Shishito peppers.  She was right, they were incredible and I still find myself craving them to this day.My boyfriend ordered the Rabbit and I the chicken (I just LOVE chicken).  Everything was cooked perfectly.  The portion sizes were on par with what I expected.  My food was seasoned just right and the rabbit was amazing.  I never expected I would say that about such an adorable little animal, but if all rabbit was cooked that way, I'd be eating them left and right.  After dinner we skipped the desert (as we so often do) and had another glass of wine which the waitress had also suggested.  She was so helpful and very sweet.  If i could do it all over again... I'd order like 10 servings of those peppers.
3	Well, I seem to be in the minority but based on my first experience at Toast, I don't think I'd go back.   It's mostly service driven so maybe it was just a bad night or a bad waiter.  I had Toast bookmarked on Yelp for months, so when I saw they were doing groupon, I purchased it and was excited to put it to use.I checked out the menu online and was thrilled to see they had a great wine list and that I could do a wine flight to sample a few (or maybe A LOT of wine). When we arrived here and were seated, there were no wine flights on the menu.  I asked the waiter and his response was oh, we hardly ever update the website.   We don't do wine flights any more.  Geez, thanks for backing up what you advertise.  Amusingly enough, less than a week after we dined there, the website has been updated and there are no longer wine flights listed.We started with the Cheese Board.  Everything on it was great but when it was brought to the table (not by our server), no one walked through the cheeses with us and no one brought us appetizer plates.   When our waiter checked on us, I had to ask for information on the cheeses and for plates.  My meal was decent.  I opted for the Icelandic Redfish with sweet potato and corn succotash and tarragon butter.  It was good but a little too much butter for me.   It was more like a butter gravy on the succotash than a taste of butter.   Lastly, the service was just slow.  We waited awhile for anyone to get to our table, for drinks, for dinner, for the dessert menu and the check.  It was a Friday evening and I heard them tell several tables how busy the kitchen was.   I understand that but it's Friday night.   It's not as if you got a suprise crowd on a Tuesday at 3 PM.   And besides, even if the kitchen and bar are slow, the waiter could be attentive at least and provide updates.  I don't mind paying for good food and good service but on my visit, the food was ok and the service was really poor.  It didn't make for a great experience.
2	Two days ago my husband and I went to Toast for my birthday.  We`ve gone to this restaurant many times with mixed results, however, the last two years have been so uneven we don`t know what to expect.  We had the restaurant week menu.  The appetizers were very good.  I had the shrimp and grits and my husband had the sausage.  He had a very good soup and I ordered the salad which was  suppose to bearugula but was maybe kale.  At any rate it was terrible.  Kudos to our waitress who brought me a spinach salad even thought I told her it wasn`t necessary.  The blackened prime rib entree turned out to be tough pieces of sirloin.  So while we`ve had some good meals at Toast we probably won`t be back.
3	I've had dinner at Toast! several times, but this is my first review of the restaurant.First impressions: from the outside, it looks like a hole in the wall, but step inside and you're in a cozy, warm environment.My real gripe with this restaurant is that I've never felt the food is as good as it should be given the price. On a recent mid-week stop with friends, I ordered their pulled pork sandwich with a side of pickled vegetables (in lieu of the macaroni salad). When it arrived at the table, it looked underwhelming. Although the taste was ok, it tasted no different than something I could make at home with a little effort. The vegetables were tasty, but the portion was small. My friends seemed to enjoy their meals, but no one was raving about the quality. The highlight of the evening was that bottles of wine were half off. Who-hoo! What a nice perk, right? We took full advantage of this and knocked back two bottles of red during our meal.A point off for food/presentation and another point off for service. It took too damn long to get the dessert menu in our hands.
2	OK, so... I want to like Toast. I liked it going in, ambiance is nice...But that's about it for me. Decor, like I said, nice, but on further inspection it is also ...dirty... EwService, hard to get a drink and there were only 2 other tables full downstairs... hmmmFood, fish was undercooked... raw really, and not the kind you want raw. pickled veggies were ok. Fritters were ok. Pizza was not nearly as big or filling or good (veggie) as they claimed it would be, it seemed to be frozen veggies, thawed, and put on a pizza shell. Which led to a soggy, freezer burned mess. Drinks, beer menu sucks... Kinda, who knows really, because when I requested to try a sample the waitress refused (???) and then I didn't like the beer I ended up ordering. The bartender made my BF's drink wrong and wouldn't replace it (This is not usually something I would complain about, you make your drinks however you want, BUT she had to ask someone else how to make it and then admitted she did it wrong, but served it anyways)Price, holy effing hell! For shitty food, they think it is worth more than Capital Grille...Needless to say, I will not be going back.
5	A delectable selection of fresh ingredients. My coworker and I shared the cheeseboard as a small plate. It came with six different cheeses and fig jam and crostinis. Each cheese paired differently with my Pinot Grigio. On Wednesday 1/2 off bottles of wine. For main I had the Scottish Salmon, which was 7oz. pan seared and finished off in the oven served over a bed of wild rice, roasted cauliflower and a beet sauce. Delicious crust on the salmon. My coworker had the romaine salad with a strawberry caesar vinegarette. The lettuce was buttery, a unique twist on salad.
2	My girlfriend had wanted to try Toast! for awhile, so we decided to finally go. Our trip, unfortunately was a disappointment. The staff was very friendly and attending, but the food was subpar.We ordered the cornbread as a small starter and were quite disappointed. It was dry (even for cornbread) and had an odd taste to it that we couldn't put our finger on. For our main courses, I ordered the "Hot" chicken and waffle and she ordered the duck. The fried chicken was good, but unfortunately the rest of the dish was unappetizing. Wet greens were piled onto a waffle, which made everything a soggy mess. The parts of the duck that were cooked were good, but unfortunately parts of it were raw and uncooked.Given the price and quality of the food, it's incredibly unlikely that we'll return.
4	This is our second time to toast. The wait staff is always very accommodating. The food style is an blend of American Flair gastropub. Great idea, but the food is mediocre.  Nothing bad to say about the overall experience.  Great menu, good staff, standard libations.
3	Came here for some wine and after work food without getting a heavy meal. The ambiance of the place is really nice. It's not overly fancy but it's cozy and they don't rush you out which is great. Service was very good once it kicked in (but took a little while for anyone to acknowledge me while I was waiting for the other person in my party). Ordered a few small plates (Brussels sprouts, Mac and cheese) and a flatbread to share. The pork flatbread we had was probably my favorite thing we had. Really great flavors going on. The Mac and cheese was not anything special except that it had an egg on top.... It kinda tasted like a velveeta Mac with an egg on top to be honest. Needed some more flavors of different kinds of cheeses or something... Brussels sprouts were soggy but the flavor was really good. Would have been nice if they were crispy! Overall the food just seemed oily and my stomach kinda hurt after. But to be fair we didn't eat any of the "main dishes" so I will definitely be back to give it another go... And having a really nice wine list at reasonable prices doesn't hurt either :-)
3	My wife and I went to Toast for dinner on a Saturday night.  We ordered 5 small plates and shared them.  First, the shrimp bisque - tasty but salty.  Shrimp with grits - the best dish.  Very flavorful.  Mac and Cheese - salty.  Meatballs - nothing special.  Steak and mushroom flatbread - salty.  Did you notice the word salty a few times?  I've never come across this before in a restaurant.  Sure, an occasional dish can sometimes be too salty.  But nearly every one?  (To be fair on the steak and mushroom flatbread, my wife and I knew we wouldn't like the balsamic truffle oil topping, so we asked them for a substitute, which they chose to be garlic oil.)  Finally, the wine.  They charge roughly $7 for a 4 ounce serving of wine.  Do you know how small 4 ounces is?  I took a deep breath when I got the glass and I swear half of the wine evaporated!  Why a generous 3 stars?  The shrimp and grits was good.  Our waitress was very nice, and the decor was very inviting.
3	A friend and I went with a Groupon deal and the food was pretty good. I did feel it was a bit overpriced for what we got though. I got the pork dish with beans and a relish like sauce and it was good but I found the pork a bit dry. My friend got the flatbread with egg, bleu cheese, and some meat on it and that was pretty good too but again I felt a bit dry/overcooked. On the bright side the pot de creme dessert was delicious.Toast is good but I didn't find it spectacular.
3	As others have mentioned, the service is slow at Toast.  They don't seem interested in making money.  I regularly had to wait 5-10 minutes for someone to see if I wanted more wine.I like the food.  It is well prepared and the prices are reasonable.  The wine is the primary reason to go though.  The ability to get wine in lighter and heavier pours is great.As a side note, don't bring picky eaters.  Toast doesn't make ridiculous substitutions of items.  I wouldn't expect anywhere to do that, but I guess suburban chains will make any substitution you want, regardless of what it does to the meal.I wish the service was a little better.
