4	Four and a half stars. Almost every time I have eaten a sandwich (cheesesteak) from here, I wholeheartedly proclaim it to be the greatest sandwich ever. When I haven't been drinking, they are still really good, but not quite as good as I remember thinking they were after bar hopping all night and swinging by on the way home. It could be related to the fact that these cheesesteaks just "go" really well with excessive amounts of beer. You know how they say a full-bodied cabernet is a great complement to a quality cut of beef? It's like that, only . . . cheaper and probably less good for you. They're open super late on the weekend so they clearly know their target market well. So they got that going for them. Which is nice. If you're looking for a greasy snack before you head home after a long night out, this could be just what the doctor ordered.
4	I love every sandwich I've had here - except the Philly.  How weird is that?  It's my friend's favorite sandwich, but to me it's just missing a little something.  On the other hand, the pork is amazing.  Add the brac rabe to that and oh my!  Even their burgers are good!My friend's favorite thing, besides their hours, is the real east coast vibe. As if their Cheese Wiz Philly didn't do it all by itself, the fact that they have multiple varieties of Wise chips makes her super happy.  And the Tastycakes just put it over the top.You can't really eat it there too easily inside, though there is some great outside seating.  I've always just grabbed to take to the office, grabbed to take home, or had it delivered.  Their delivery service has always been outstanding and timely - which is OH so important with this kind of sandwich!
3	I have eaten here on numerous occasions and have found it to be a little over-hyped. I think that food tastes better when your drunk and that is partially responsible for people raving about it. I would rate their sandwiches as "good" not "excellent". What I have always found to be subpar is their bread. It's always very dry. I did rate it as good however and that's what you'll find here. Good not great.
3	I've actually never eaten here drunk which shocks me more than it does you, especially since the hype over the Phili Sandwhich Co is really more late-night oriented.  But yes, all of my PSC experiences have been through a clear state of mind.Which is how I know for sure that the sandwhiches are just O.K.  I've had both the Philly (which they smother in cheese whiz so be sure that you ask for it without if youre not a fan of yellow goo) and the chicken philly.  Both times I thought "Eehhhhhh..."  Average.  You do get a lot of food, a pretty big sandwhich for $8 though is what anyone should expect for that price I think.  Next time I think I'll try this place after the bar...some things are better in a foggy state of mind.
4	3.5 stars, but closer to 4 than 3. This place is great for a good sandwich at nearly any hour. Their cheese steaks are authentic and tasty. They are a bit of a gut bomb though... The meat they use isn't top quality, but it's not McDonald's either. When it's late and you've been drinking though - it hits the spot like no other. I also crave these things inexplicably.When it is late on a club night, they have a DJ spinning hip-hop. You will be surrounded by stumbling hungry chubbers looking not as fresh as they did when they went out earlier that night under the harsh fluorescent lighting. The music and the crowd can be a little much at times. The kids that work there are good looking and nice. There's some cheap seating outside, but that's a last resort - this place delivers at crazy hours and they are also easy to do take out from.
5	Open 24 hours serving:   Breakfast, Lunch and Your Late Night Desires www.phillycheezsteak.comThe Philadelphia Sandwich Company is one of the only independent  restaurants that is open 24 hours in the Phoenix area (that doesn't serve tacos).   Try and  find anyplace with similar quality food and atmosphere.  Its all about their bread, and the great experience that you get when you walk into the restuarant.  If you work or party in Old Town you have to try it.Ladies, Trust Me order the Mac and Cheese Wedges I Dj and help market the Location, come check out why we have the best cheese steak and after hours in Scottsdale.Hater List, Well Justin D And Hank So called yelpers have reviewed two restaurants combined.  Way to go guys. They claim to have a experience somehow found yelp did a review and never posted again.
5	Hot. Cheesey. Fresh. No, I'm not talking about the guests at the opening gala to Phoenix fashion week. We're talking 'bout the cheesesteaks and chicken cheesesteaks we chowed down on after the event. I got  so hungry looking at those skinny models all night. I was this close to nibbling on one's boney thigh. The only thing better than eating these scrumptuous works of art, was having them delivered to the terrace at Hotel Indigo. Yes people. Delivered. Right to our drunken butts. On the terrace. At Hotel Indigo. And how fantastic it is that you choose Cheese Whiz, American or Provelone.? I'm all about the Whiz! How cool and funny and useful is that?
3	Aw, Philadelphia Sandwich Company.  It gets hardly any play from me, except for when I am having a night on the town in Old Town Scottsdale.  Then and only then do I give into the temptation.  Come to think, I don't know that this review can really be trusted. Each time I've bellied up to the counter to order a philly cheesesteak with provolone, it's been after 1 AM.Given limited late-night dining options in Greater Phoenix and as unhealthy and greasy as it sounds, you're probably better off here, than at a cheap Mexican food drive through or Denny's.  Three stars.Plus, 1/2 star more for the dude who thought I was M Night Shyamalan and asked me for my autograph.
2	Open 24 hours 7 days a week! plus one star....Chicken Chease Steak...with Cheese wiz.....yep Cheese wiz....$8.75   Ack! I do love late night food....even Mickeys hang over was closed....but please stop riping off Drunk people....Subway, quiznos and Blimpes Worse sandwiches where better than this....The bread left lots to Desire I didn't like the dry crusty bread....and could hardly cope with the bland chicken....the cheese wiz was the best part of the Sandwich...that should tell you lots....oh great Late night Conversation with presumably Married Counter girl about Colorado...and some white "thugs" out side...about how "getto" and Hard core Texas is....(about the number of Caskets and how even the Cops don't go into the 15th ward! silly drunk white people....oh wait thats me!)The Philiy Sandwich Company Sandwich is like the girls find on Van Buren, they may look tasty when drunk ...But stay away! they both leave you with a bad taste in your mouth......
3	Hm....this place is no different from Corleone's on Mill.....except its in Old Town Scottsdale.  Food here is on par with Corleone's.  And of course, same as Corleone's in the fact that they charge for everything, and you'll end up spending $10-14 for a cheesesteak, fries, and a drink.  Now if I had a choice between the 2 places?  Tough call, I can't say that I could really differentiate the 2.
5	During a night of Old Town drinking, a friend and I ducked out for a minute to grab something to eat around 1 AM.  I couldn't tell you where this place is or how I got there (aside from directing you to the map and address shown on the business page here), but coming here had to be destiny.  This sandwich made me complete.  I am afraid to try it sober, as my memories of this sandwich may be crushed.  I can only hope that the next time I am buzzed in Old Town, I can be directed to this establishment once again.
2	Went there the other day and found the cheesesteak to be so-so. The bread was way too dense and the quality of meat and cheese was good, but there was just not enough of it. They also have Utz potato chips and Tasty Kakes, so if you're a transplanted east coaster, you can get your fix. Also, there is no indoor seating, so it's not really good for lunch on hot days.
4	After too long walking around oldtown Scottsdale (not drunk) past stamp shop, jewelry shop, tourist shop, jewelry shop, couture shop, jewelry shop, jewelry shop, tourist shop, jewelry shop, Philly's is like a breathe of sweet divey air. It's kind of out-of-place, and kind of expensive, but the sandwiches are pretty big and well-loaded. I got a philly with provolone (sorry, i just can't do the cheese-whiz thing.. I know, I know, but I'll take my non-authentic philly any day, thanks), red peppers and onions and it was delicious. Just the right level of greasiness, and I actually finished the whole thing.... guh! But I didn't even feel ill. The fries were also really good. I'd definitely go back.
3	This place is open 24 hours so that alone gets it at least half a star. I have had the cheesesteak (with provolone) twice from there now and both times it was dryer than Nancy Reagan's CENSORED ;) ... Their fries are freshly handcut and quite delicious. It is kind of expensive though, fries and soda and a cheesesteak was $15! Not much else in the area that I have found to compare it to so I will probably continue to eat there every once in a while. Overall I give it a "Its 330 am and its better than a fast food chain so what the hell!"
4	4 stars fo shoGreat bread.  Not chinced.  Its open 24 hrs and the dudes are from NJ so that is a double shot of somethin something.Love the cheesesteak hoagie with grilled onion and they are the only friggin place in the valley that has Hot Cherry Peppers!  Every place needs Cherry Peppers.  IF you are a eatery and you read this get them!!Lots of meat on the hoagie.  Perfect if your drunk to get just a little bit sloppier.
3	What a crazy drunken night. Sat down here and my buddy couldn't even stay in the restaurant to eat his sandwich. It wasn't a bad place to be alone as the staff were all pretty cool and made conversation and continued to talk shit about the yo yo championships they were showing on the tube.The sandwich was pretty good. Def. not the best you'll ever have, but a hell of a treat to cap off a night of hard drinking at the Old Town bars. I wouldn't hesitate going back here again, but probably won't do it sober. +3 for the best drunk food yet.
5	PSC is probably the best sandwich in AZ. This place is legit philly, they keep it real. The way they run their show reminds me of geno's where the staff will curse at children to hurry up with their orders, well PSC isn't that extreme. Major tip! most posts say "go when your drunk", but I recommend hitting the place up around 9:30-10pm just when they get the fresh night delivery of baked rolls in. iIf you get there when they are still warm, the sandwich you will eat is like an orgasm in your mouth.....in a good way!
1	Yuck, blah, cough, phfooy, gag.Hearing everyone talk this place up, we headed over for some post drinking Philly's one night which as we all know, is like god's gift to you at 2 am. Funny part is though, even hammered the Philly I had was bland, the meat rubbery and the cheese non tasteful?Huh????????How do you screw this up??? It's a Philly, it's supposed to be like 3000000 calories of awesome-ness and fatty ingredients should be used liberally.Not here, expect a bland philly which will just leave you pissed off and craving NY pizza from the awesome place down the street.
4	I love PSC. Known colloquially as "SANDWHICH SHOP!!!" it's like an oasis in the drunken wasteland of 3 AM Old Town. PSC is open 24 hours, and any restaurant in Phoenix that is such gets an automatic 3 stars in my book, no matter how abysmal their service/food is.Luckily, the sandwiches here are great. And after a few dozen cocktails, they are absolute perfection. Not to say that this is purely "drunk food." It's probably not. I think PSC's food is legit, and I hope that they don't get pigeon-holed into that category, but I haven't ever really been here in the day so I'm not really sure how I would react to the place in the sunlight. But if you couldn't already tell from the previous reviews, this place gets rushed by the drunks when the surrounding bars close at 2. It can get PACKED in here. Claustrophobia-inducing, fire-code-violation packed in the insatiable lust for roast beef and provolone. Sometimes there's a bit of a wait, but biting into a piping hot, mastercrafted 9th Street (spinach, roasted peppers, and cheese) makes it all worth while. Yes it does. Highlight: PSC is the only place that provides an arena for the crowds of BS West, Saddle Ranch, and Axis/Radius to mingle together in intoxicated greasebomb love.
5	I ain't from Philly but these were probably the best cheesesteaks I've had since....ever. Between the 16 of us who went there for my bachelor party, I think we had maybe 40+  sammiches over the course of 4 days, no lie!The original, the Wiz, and the Pizza ones were the best in my opinion.We hit this place up at 2am in the morning on Saturday night, and they had this cat spinning some jiggy hip-hop...it was funnt but cool since pretty much every place in Scottsdale closes at 2am.A definite must-go if you are in the area. Holllla!
1	Okay if your looking for a shit sandwich you have found it!  First of all if you are a "Cheesesteak Shop" you should have green peppers standard on a philly cheesesteak.  The fact that they dont have them standard on the philly was a concern, but they dont even have them in stock.  What kind of cheesesteak shop is this?  I will tell you... the kind that would rather have a DJ in the corner playing music then have a one of the staples of a Philly Cheesesteak.  When I go into Burger King I expect that they will have lettuce,tomato and onion on the whopper.  Not only did it miss this, the meat was really dry and the bread was stale tasting.  Philly Bread needs to be soft and moist.  Overall it get's one because I am bitter.  My friend talked up this place for two days and after last call at the bar my buyers remorse came true.  Make sure you have at least 15 beers before you go there or you will be pissed.
5	Let me start off by saying that I am the so called "friend" of Dave S. as mentioned in the previous review.  What you are about to hear is the truth and not Dave's liberal propaganda.  First, some facts:1.  Dave wasn't even hungry to start with.  He just wanted to go home and pass out.  So he was already in an "anti" mood.2.  Out of the kindness of my heart I paid for the weird guy on the rickshaw to pedal us over to the shop.  I also paid for the deep fried mac and cheese and we split it.  (Typical liberal, free loading off others.)3.  I never said the cheese steaks tasted good.  I only hyped up the deep fried mac and cheese.4.  Dave doesn't even know if they really offer peppers or not.  HE DIDN'T EVEN ASK FOR ANY.  Maybe they don't offer them but Dave was too busy being an angry liberal that he didn't even think to ask.  I got an idea...when the lady taking your order asks you what you want on your sandwich....you should tell her!! The live DJ in the shop and the party atmosphere at 2 am is a can't miss.  I even meet some fat ugly girl there that just sat down, didn't say anything and started eating the scraps off my plate.  Where else can you get that kind of entertainment?  However, we both did agree that the deep fried mac and cheese was great.  As for Dave's claim about the stale bread and dry meat, it tastes great to me.  As I was busy enjoying my great meal, Dave was trying to explain to me why he didn't like it.  See, Dave had just returned from a 1 month trip in south east Asia.  Dave said he didn't like the meal because his "palate had changed".  Wow, sorry Dave.....I apologize that the Philadelphia Sandwich Company here in America doesn't use dog as its prime source of meat.  So Dave, some parting words of wisdom.  As the great Elbert Hubbard once said, "Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped."
4	Do you like people watching?  This is the absolute best spot to do it if- A. It's Friday or Saturday night B. Between 1am and 3am.You can't hide from the truth of the florescent lights.  Come see the hot mess you and your friends have made of yourselves after a night of fun.  It's okay, everyone else looks just as drunk and sweaty too.  The entertainment value of this place isn't the only reason I go.  I swear by the sobering effects of a chicken cheese steak hoagie with wiz, loud urban music, and the realization that you in fact are not as bad as the girl hunched over her sandwich desperately trying to find her mouth.  I love this place.  I wonder what it's like in the day time, but I don't want to ruin a good thing.
2	Man, I feel kind of disgusting.  I just ate at Philadelphia Sandwich Co. and there's so much grease and fat inside of me that it doesn't know where to go.  I think it's going to swim through my veins and form tiny little hands and squeeze my heart.I ordered a Philly Cheesesteak (what else would I get to test the waters?).  I was really hungry, so I ate the whole thing.  I got it to go and ate it at work.  About two bites in, I was like, "Uhhhh... dammit.  I have nothing else to eat."  I did check the fridge really quick to see if I would get lucky and see a leftover of mine in there.  But, no.I ate the whole damn thing and I didn't want to.  The meat tasted, like, I don't know.  Gross?  Can something taste like gross?  The fries were okay.  They were all soggy but they tasted okay.  I'm pretty easy to please when it comes to fries.  I even enjoy those fries that look like fried shoelaces. Overall, I mean, it's not the worst food I've ever had and the service was as good as could possibly be expected.  I ordered, shot the shit, got my food and ducked out.  Easy as that.I feel like I'm missing something.  I feel like I'm being sacreligious and pissing on a grave for only giving this place 2 stars.  Everyone loves this place, it seems, with the exception of two or three.  Perhaps the missing ingredient was intoxication.  I was stonecold sober.  One day I'll eat there shit faced and see if I feel the same way... I probably will.  When I drink, I eat light.  Greasy shit puts me to bed.
5	Unreal experience... OK, it was after 2:30am, we are both hammered, we are both starving... we call a cab, cab stops right in front of The Philadelphia Sandwich Company on the way home, we stare, drool... look at the huge line and say "screw it"... (in harmony)Get home - several miles north... She takes the dog out for a pee... two folks come strolling by jabbering at high volume.... She askes them to quiet down jokingly, they apologise and give her an extra Philadelphia Sandwich Company Cheesesteak that they had just ordered and didn't need! Complete stangers gave her a PSC Cheesesteak right in front of our condo!!! (they were headed home to chow too).She walks in the door holding the cheesesteak and smiling - I crap my pants and realize that we should have went to the casino that night instead! What are the freaking odds of her walking out at just that moment??? And them having an "extra" sandwich????Mmmmmmm goooood sandwich - Saved me from a life threatening hangover too... WTF!!!
2	I'm a cheesesteak freak. I do admit that I am not from Philly so my take is purely with regard to what tastes good to me.As far as this place, I'd been wanting to go here for a long, long time as I'd heard a number of good reviews on it. We hit it last night after the Yelp Rocks! event and I was pretty let down. I got a cheesesteak with wiz and and an order of fries.  As far as the cheesesteak itself, it was ok. Nothing stellar though. The bread was good. I was pretty let down on the meat though. It had a good amount of gristle in it & was quite chewy. I also wasn't a big fan of the wiz. Now I'm not sure how this works but I thought the wiz was the easy part. I LOVE wiz on a cheesesteak. Figured you just order the giant cans of Cheese Wiz, open them up, heat & ladle it on. It didn't taste like straight wiz to me. Almost seemed like it was a wiz based cream/cheese sauce or something???? Just give me the straight wiz, please.Then the fries... Don't all cheesesteak places have great fries? The fries were awful. They were soggy & grease laden. I NEVER leave fries on the plate & actually dumped 1/2 the order. Super disappointed in the fries...I feel bad because I'm a big, big fan of cheesesteaks and had heard such good things. We also live quite close and I love any place that is open late/all night. Maybe my expectations were out of whack. I don't know. Unfortunately I don't think I'll be in a hurry to head back.
2	Really if I weren't in a good mood because it's fathers day, I would pound this sucker into one star submission.  Why?Because I've only ever eaten here when I've been comprehensively smashed, and the food wasn't that great, even then.  I end up eating it and thinking, that was okay. Okay?!?!  When I'm that drunk, pretty much anything I ever eat tastes like the sweet nectar of the gods, dribbled down jessica biel's naked body into my gaping, expectant maw.But this stuff just tasted bland, even with cheese whiz all over it (!) and made me feel uncomfortably full.  don't even ask how i felt the next morning (aside: I won't penalize this place for that feeling of remorse because it *could* be that I felt remorse for waking up in a gutter covered with lipstick that was conspicuously similar to that one male stripper's... nevermind) but let's just say--acid reflux.anyway, the food is mediocre when you're smashed so please don't go there sober expecting anything but empty calories.  If you must go, get the fried mac and cheese--that is indeed tasty.
4	This place is the bomb for late night delivery and good food!!
3	So last night during Brad E's Birthday Bash we ate here and I have to admit that the sandwich we got was pretty tasty.  The fried mac and cheese did not disappoint, either.  So I will bump this up one star more, even though I am still *very* suspicious of a place that fails to blow my mind when I'm bombed.
2	Went here today for a quick bite during lunch.  Got a Beef Cheesesteak that is not even as good as I could do at home.  If I was smashed like all of the other reviewers i bet this thing would be delicious, but I am sadly sober.  The service was also very poor.  They seemed to have the attitude like they were doing you a favor by letting you buy food.  I watched them talk smack about some business men that walked in and left.  Don't be mad that other people went to college Philadelphia Sandwich Company! The place was also dirty as all hell.  The light fixtures are caked in about an inch of black dust.  Gross! Won't be going back any time soon
5	Is there a better spot in Old Town for late night, drunk off your ass, gullet stuffing? I think not my friends! Any place where the serving staff can put up with the virtual bus load of people that come in here at 2am on a Friday or Saturday night, deserves 5 stars for that alone. Rae, who works behind the counter, is adorable and likes the witty banter. The sandwiches come out relatively quickly too. I always seem to fall back on the Bada Bing. Italian meats, lettuce, tomato, provolone, and balsamic. It's pretty close to perfect in my book. I hear the chicken cutlet is amazing as well. Sweet potato fries and fried macaroni and cheese should round out your ordering as well. The other perk is the people watching. You are sure to take home or be one of the stories of the night.
1	I was starving and just needed something quick before the bar so I wasn't drinking on an empty stomach.  And even THAT didn't stop me from sending back my overly breaded, overly cooked, rock hard chicken strips and asking for a refund because I didn't even want to consider eating anything else they made.  Ick.  I'd rather eat at Subway, and that's saying a lot.
1	this place is so dirty and disgusting. The guy behind the counter told me that they didn't really care about the daytime stuff because they do so much at 3am.  That is a great attitude. They are overpriced for the greasy grizzel laden steak that I got.  Never again, waste of money and again - the place is filthy!!
1	The worst sandwich I have ever had. Dry meat, chewy stale bread. The worst.**updateAlso, the owner wrote to sh*t on me because of my review. I didn't know who it was until i was looking at the reviews and noticed he was commenting on many negative reviews."wow didn't know they served hater-aid @ chipotle, PSC has the best cheesesteaks, and saddle ranch has decent food, your reviews are horrible and you are an even bigger fool if you think anyone takes your bs seriously.  Sara C. typical scottsdale snob, no one around to listen to you complain so you go to the internet hoping to grab an audience of possibly millions." - Aaron L.It actually made me laugh, as I imagined his voice sounds like a Jersey Shore extra. Why would I want an audience off millions, and why would I do so by writing about the PSC! HAHAHAHA! No, it's so people don't waste their money.He also sent a message in which I think he called me a b*tch, and said I was probably ugly because I put a pic of my puppy as a profile pic. Here's my new review:"The only thing worse than the cheesesteaks at PSC is the owner."What a giant ego. Like the sandwiches couldn't POSSIBLY be terrible like so many people have reported.
2	I've had the really thing -- a Philly cheesesteak in Philly -- and I've had some good imitations -- at the Philly Cheesesteak Shop in Fresno, CA, and a similar take-out shop in Waikiki, HI, of all places. But this place doesn't measure up. Bland meat, soggy fries and not enough onions and peppers on the sandwiches. Totally forget about it.At least it's open 24 hours. I'll give them one thumbs up for that.
2	The only + is that it is open 24 hours, other than that your paying way too much for yet another mediocre phoenix based sandwich shop
2	This place is not the business. The only good thing about these sandwiches is they are hangover prevention tools. I gave a drunk girl $20 and she returned to the apartment with a brown bag filled with these damn cheese steaks. I thought they were not that good.
2	Eating at places like this one confirms my suspicion that I'm spoiled living in San Francisco. Near where I live there is a place called Phat Philly that uses American Kobe beef and flies in Amoroso rolls for authenticity. Most of the other places in SF use Amoroso rolls as well. The bread they use at Philadelphia Sandwich Company comes nowhere close -- chewy, heavy and generally not good.The beef was whack. Again, way too chewy and not much flavor. There was no hot sauce to be found but I didn't ask for any. The fries were pretty bad and I threw most of them away. I feel a little guilty slamming this place so hard because the staffers were friendly but I call 'em like I see 'em.
4	A coworker took a few of us here last week.  Honestly, it's probably not the BEST cheesesteak I've ever had, but I'm giving it a good review for 2 reasons:1. They're as authentic as you're going to get in AZ.  Cheez Whiz is the only acceptable cheese on a cheesesteak.2. I feel like every time I go into a place midday that's packed every weekend at 3am, I'm disappointed to find that the food is gross unless it's 3am and you're sweaty, drunk, and trying to impress someone (because let me tell you, cheez whiz stuck in your teeth really works).  In this case, it was not 3am, I was not drunk, and I was only the usual amount of sweaty, and the food was still good.
4	Went here for lunch a couple days ago. I got a  cheese steak with onions and wiz. My wife got a chicken parm sandwich. The meat was really tasty and seasoned well. The cheese wiz was awesome! The bun it came on could of been a bit softer and fresher but the bun that it came on was still good, just not as good as it could be. My wife's sandwich on the other hand....she took 1 bite of mine and wished she had gotten that instead. 3/4 of the chicken parm sandwich got thrown away. The sauce was had WAY too much garlic but why on earth would you order a chicken sandwich at a cheese steak joint. Live and learn! We also got an order of fries that were really good, they did need ketchup and Id have a tough time eating them without but with the ketchup = superb! I'll be back - especially since its across the street from the office!
3	Well I came back this year for Spring training to see if anything had changed, and suprisingly the sandwiches had improved.  They now offer peppers on their sandwiches and the meat and bread wasnt so dry.  I still think their are better cheesesteak places out their but for a latenight eat, this is about the only place open.
4	This is a great place to grab some food after a night out in Scottsdale! I was at an event at Martini Ranch last week, and some of my friends wanted to grab some food after. I still don't know the area that well, so I was happy when my friend Matt C exclaimed cheesesteak! when I asked where they wanted to go.I had a cheesesteak with american, onion, and the works. I was sober at that point, but I'd imagine if you're worried about an upset stomach you shouldn't get a sandwich with three different kinds of peppers on it. It was delicious, and I could only eat half.Service was quick and friendly, with the authentic touch of the guy in the kitchen yelling at people calling them jackasses. It's true the steak could be cut thinner, and the bread isn't the best, but this place fills the late night grub niche well.
4	Great sandwiches!  Closest I have had to the real thing in Arizona.  Come hungry though.  The sandwiches are HUGE!
3	This place is great after a late night of boozing in Scottsdale, but I have also gotten the cheesesteaks stone cold sober, and they are quite tasty.  I have only ordered the cheesesteaks, but have tried them with both "whiz" and provolone and onions.  I have to say, I prefer the whiz, but again, if intoxicated, it is messy drunk food.  One is sure to find dried up cheese on their clothing the next day.  It also isn't cheap, a full sandwich will run you $12 bucks, but it is a big sandwich.  I also love the sweet potato fries with maple syrup on the side for dipping - they are fantastic!
5	I'm getting all wet just thinking about the delicious, hangover curing, cheese stretching, chickeney goodness that was my sandwich from PSC.... This place knows that you don't need some special sauce or 500 ingredients to make a good sandwich, and I appreciate that. Now, if only they delivered to San Francisco...
4	Look, I only know this place as the "drunk food" destination in Old Town. But mmmmmmm, it is SOOOOO good! I've only gotten a couple items off the menu and my personal favorite is the Passyunk Ave. It's a lovely Italian combo of mozzarella, roasted red peppers and Balsamic vinegar. They're pretty fast, even when they're slammed during their busiest hours (from 1am-3am) If you are starved and in Old Town, definitely check this place out. Granted, if you are not already intoxicated, you better be prepared to deal with intoxicated people! It's open 24 hrs and make sure to donate a dollar to add to the ceiling or wall. The clerks and cooks work pretty hard.  I found mine last time I was there. ;)
5	Oh Oh OMG. I have lived here for 25 years and finally found my cheesesteak thrill. I am originally from Philly sooooo if it makes ME happy YOU will love it. First of all, Nicholas is THE MAN. He takes such good care of us when we go we feel related. I call to place an order and all I have to say is Hey Nicholas it's sweet peppers. (inside joke). And he knows who it is. Ask for sweet peppers next time you go. I took him a gallon ( because dats how we do it in Philly) and I am more than willing to share them with anyone that wants to try them. I am confident that some day they will actually be on the menu.Now let's talk food. My favorites are the Italian hoagie with sweets and a cheesesteak (wit-out) with provolone. Yep.  I can taste it now. Dang I have to go right now and get some. OK I'm back. My husbands favorite is the sausage parm with jalapenos. My sons favorite is the cheesesteak wiz wit-out. We also enjoy the fries and sweet potato fries extra crispy- well done- tortured hollow tubes- I wanna hear them SCREAMING!!!  And he does them the way we like them!To top it off you MUST try the tastykakes. They get a ton at a time and freeze them. Our favorites are the butterscotch krimpets, the peanut butter kandykakes and the chocolate kandykakes. I'm telling you, you will not be disappointed. If you are- SPEAK UP- and Nicholas will make it good. That's just the way he is. And for those of you that are complaining about the bread- they changed it. It is awesome. Go back and try it!
1	I wouldn't bother going to this place.The cheesesteak was almost un-edible. Meat was tough and flavorless and the hoagie was stale. One of the worst sandwiches I have ever had. The only reason it is still in business is due to the drunk college kids goin there at 2am in the morn. Anything tastes good when you are that drunk.
1	Keep it simple to avoid being harassed by the sandwhich nazis.  Just not a good place to eat.
3	The place was pretty good, falling just slightly short of my expectations.  It's got a good location in Old Town, and being 24-hours I bet its awesome after a good night out drinking.  The meat was a little bit tough, but overall not too bad -- I'd go back, but not if I was close to Corleone's.  The loud music and overall vibe inside was pretty cool, and the few small tables outside are great for people watching while eating.
4	Shake what yo momma gave yaaaa!Come in here late at night and you just might get to give it a whirl! Be it a dj on the turntables or a hula hoop.. not sure where the later one came from but it was entertaining. The pictures on the wall and ceiling along with customer decorated dollar bills can both entertain you while you wait.. or bring out your creative side to leave a memento for the next wonderer.I wont call this the best sandwich I have ever had.. but over the last 4-5 years I can say its the best one at 2am and stands on its own legs just fine when compared to others! The people who work here are usually pretty friendly, customers as well. I have seen everything from an over eager party girl recovering on the side walk, people dancing, hula hoops, suns players to under dressed ladies and over hair gelled dupes. Watch the stumbling 20-40 somethings crawl into cabs, sometime crawl right back out.. hop on a over packed golf cart or attempt to walk down scottsdale road on their 3 inch that was a bad idea heals. Maybe even catch some after club drama and toss in your opinion from the sidelines or ride in on your horse and save a damsel in distress from a life of 1 gallon tubs of hair gel around her home from her new man lol Order a chicken cutlet hoagie, grab a seat out side and enjoy the people watching...let go your need to save society and just watch the people and laugh for a change while having a nice sandwich on great bread.Party on Wayne.. Party on Garth!-shawn
5	Wow! I typically wouldn't think of a 24-hour Philly cheese steak restaurant to be anything special, but this place is NOT typical!I stumbled in here at around one in the morning after a night out with one of my girlfriends, and we decided to grab a couple cheese steaks. I ordered mine with cheese, mushrooms, and onions. It was absolutely delicious!! I have to admit that I had a few drinks that night, so I wasn't sure whether the sandwich was amazing, or if I had fallen victim to the beer munchies. So I ate the first half of the sandwich, and I decided to save the second half for lunch the next day. The next day I heated up my sandwich and it was just as good as the night before.I was recommended to eat at this place by MANY of my friends, so I'm soooo glad I decided to try it. I love the Philadelphia Sandwich Company!
3	It was 10:30 pm on a Tue night and after a few drinks at a nearby bar, I was getting a little hungry....so I jumped on Yelp and looked for a nearby place to grab some grub.  I found this Sandwich shop and walked a couple of blocks to check it out.After looking at the menu for a minute, I decided that I wanted a Philly Cheesesteak Sandwich w/Whiz & Jalapenos.  After waiting a few minutes, they brought out my Sandwich.  The Sandwich had a ton of Whiz on it, which is great....but it was light on the Meat.  Usually, places put too much meat on their Steak Sandwiches...not here.  I know Jalapenos isn't part of a traditional Steak Sandwich....and my friends from Philly would've killed me for ordering it that way, but I couldn't help myself....I love to spice it up a bit!The Jalapenos were pretty spicy and added to the flavor in my opinion....good proportion of peppers.  The Steak was kind of bland and the bread was just ok.  I've had better Steak Sandwiches....but this did the job.Will I return?  Probably not.
4	Always super hot, tasty, fresh and cheesy!  They deliver in my area as well and it's a nice change up from pizza!...this is the real thing...they have the "wiz" if that is how you prefer it!  It's a bit of a dive, so don't let that scare you...the place has been around for a while.  The fries and sweet tater fries are some of the best around!  Open 24 hours as well is another bonus for those late night munchies...I think I'll head there now!
4	The time has come. I've been holding off on reviewing Philadelphia Sandwich Company for awhile, but it's my late night saving grace and deserves some yelp love. So here it goes. Dear Phildelphia Sandwich Company: My waistline hates you but my late night food cravings after let's say a Halloween block party at Gilligan's and limited hangover the next morning loves you. So therefore, waistline loses in this battle. Love Lindsey Here are some things that you should know about Philadelphia Sandwich Company1. 24 hours. This place is open 24 hours. Pretty spectacular for Scottsdale since I don't think many other food spots literally never close. Not that I can actually imagine eating a cheese steak at 6:30 AM but hey, you never know! 2. Be prepared for debauchery and a line if you go between the hours of 11 PM and 4 AM. Those coherent enough to remember it will have some top of the line people watching to amuse them and those in desperate need of food, Advil, water and sleep will be thanking this place in the morning. 3. The cheese steak sandwich itself is pretty darn tasty! Be warned that it's huge so I suggest sharing unless you've got the appetite. Another tip is to order turkey with cheese. That's pretty delish as well. Since I'm not from Philly nor can I accurately judge how a Philly cheese steak should taste, I will just say this. It hits the spot for a Nor Cal girl like me and while I've only ever eaten it late night (when will power runs away from me), I imagine this would be a tasty meal for anyone craving a little Philly love in their life. And before I go, part of me really wishes I knew about the yelper special (free fries with a sandwich) when I decided to have a little late night meal recently. Then again, I'm pretty sure the Philly Cheese steak was enough by itself.
4	This place is so wrong it's right...!  Seriously, 24 hours of toasty Philly sandwiches and fries...com'on man...no diet has a chance when you have the opportunity to stuff your face in the middle of the night!  Do people really eat like this in Philly -- 12 inches of sandwich filled with tender beef...I ate half and the rest is for brunch tomorrow with my coffee and a hangover :)  - Enjoy!
4	When I worked over in Scottsdale, I came here a few times for lunch and everything was oh, so right about my food.  I had heard of the mythical pizza fries, but had yet to find an establishment where I could procure some.  PSC provided me my first taste of crisp fry, chunky marinara and gooey cheese.  They were spectacular.  Their chicken fingers aren't the best though, more breading than chicken, but were definitely paired well with an order of the pizza fries.  I had some other sandwich here, but I don't remember it's contents.  I want to say chicken, cheese and onions.  I remember it being filling.  My only compliant with PSC is the high cost of the sandwiches.  Maybe it is the fresh ingredients the video talks about or its the cost of keeping the place open 24/7.  Or maybe I should less of a binge eater and only order half of a sandwich.  Either way, this is a great and almost never crowded spot to grab some lunch.  My tip is to call in your order so as to eliminate the 10 to 15 minute wait for your food.
1	Don't believe the hype. I am here at 5am after driving pretty far outta the way and they are closed. 11 very unhappy third shifters. Disappointing to say the least and we will not be back with our business.The smart ass girl smoking right in front of the door laughed exclaiming "Well, not exactly 24 hours on Monday - Thursday." Wish I would have read THAT statement on the website.
1	Props for being the only late night, 24 hour eatery open in Scottsdale.  I was driving around aimlessly looking for eats on Christmas Eve and this looked like the only place open at 11pm.  I just landed into PHX and needed some grub.I ordered the - Chicken Cheesesteak w/ American - first bite was good but as I kept going at it, it got more and more salty Sweet Potato Fries - weren't good - not fresh, or tasty and they served it with a syrup dipping sauce - interestingI would've eaten here but I wasn't digging the crowd so I took it to go.  The prices were reasonable but I'd probably go to Denny's if I was desperate again.
4	Good food fast. Even when crowded late-night. Had the chicken Philly and it was lovely.
1	Don't go here. They take forever and when you're food is ready they mess it up and give you the wrong order. Actually just happened... About 9 people in line behind us got their food before us and when I asked for sandwhich they weren't cool, in fact they were jerks. I understand that at 2am they probably don't to be working but hey they are getting paid to do a goo job. They gave me a bunch of static and treated me like I didn't matter. Don't ever go here unless you want to feel like they'll spit in your food and get mediocre food.
4	bomb dot com. One of the only things that is good in the state of Arizona.
4	I'm not from Philly, but I've been there many times.  For the best Philly cheese steak sandwich this side of the Mississippi (in the Phoenix area anyway), PSC is the place to go.  Not to mention, their fresh cut fries are amazing and FREE with any purchase of a full size full price sandwich - just check in on Yelp.
5	I have tried many "philly" sandwiches, and trust me, this is the best in the valley! Great prices and my god one hell of an Italian Beef Sandwich!Trust me, you will not be disappointed!
4	It was late, i was slightly buzzed, and I was super hungry. I know that the late night choices were going to be limited, Denny's. pizza, tace bell.  Nothing appealed, and then by accident I discovered you can get fried macaroni and cheese.  From the outside (and the inside) it's not an impressive place.  The menu has items spelled out in old school letters.  standard items like sandwiches and philly cheesesteak.  had a friend not accidentally ordered macaroni and cheese (expecting a styrofoam cup of orange stuff) I never would have known about the heavingly triangle of food known as the fried macaroni and cheese triangle.  It is a small wedge of a triangle served piping hot in a non-descript paper bag.  Bite into one and it is pure bliss.  Warm, cheesy, oozy macaroni and cheese in a convenient finger safe food that is perfect for the ride home.  I have found my new vice.
5	They are the best philly cheesesteaks in Scottsdale for sure! Their bread is so good! I always get a wiz-wit. They have Tasty Kakes too. :) Go in on fri and sat nights and see DJDavz play some music. They are open 24 hrs a day.
4	This is a place my friends would not expect me to rate as a 4, but here is why. No one goes to this place before 1 AM and no one goes when they are sober. That's not what this place is for... If I were to go to this place during the day and eat there I might give it a 3.Temper your expectations. If you are from Philly don't waste your time, these Cheesesteaks come on a baguette. For a Cheesesteak in Scottsdale at 2 AM while the cops are trying to give anyone walking past a car a DUI this is your best option for food.WARNING if you order a cheesesteak and don't specify what kind of cheese you want you are getting cheez whiz.... Get provolone. The fries are really good, similar to Five Guys. This place is guaranteed to be packed after the club lets out and seating is very limited. But it's not abnormal for the music spinning in this place to be better than the club you just walked out of...
5	Great chicken philly!  Grilled onion, provolone cheese and juicy chicken!  $10 with drink but well worth it.
5	Very good food and slightly entertaining servers.
4	I am sure my review is skewed since I frequent this restuarant usually in the at or near bar closing but if you are looking for some great late night food and a cheery after bar atmosphere then this is your place. Just make sure you get their early or you will have a significant line to wait in.
4	Love, love this place!  The cheesesteaks are amazing and they so many different ones to choose from.  Plus they are open 24/7! The only thing I have to complain about was the girl at the cash register.  I know they last thing she wants to do is probably work in the food industry but have a smile on your face and at least make a little conversation.
4	I average about 1 of these per 5 scotch on the rocks for the night.  So usually, the night ends with two full hoagies.For being this far from south philly, pretty good resemblance to taste and vibe.  Be sure to wear a poncho or anything that doesn't absorb smell because you will walk out smelling like cheesesteak.  Depending on the type of girls you date, this may or may not be a good thing.If a girl has a cheesesteak wiff to her and some slabs of cheese on either side of her cheek, it will turn 6pm to midnight.
3	Good food thats not so good for you.
1	I am sorry to say that this place has not fair well with me. Saturday I order two Cheese steaks  and they were lousy. The mushrooms, rolls were ice cold and the onions were not fried onion.  The french fries were greasy and messy. ** The service was polite.If it was not for the polite service this place would not be rated at all.There are two other places know in the valley for cheese steaks that would be rated 4+ stars they are in Gilbert and Chandler.BTW if anyone of you are wondering, I do know what it takes to make a great cheese steak I was born and raise in the Philly for the last 40 + year.
5	I crave these samiches!!! The cheese whiz with mushrooms, onions and peppers... amazing! Pizza fries... genius idea! Love this place even as a sober meal ;)
1	This was terrible. I have eaten some bad sandwiches in my day but holy cow they don't hold a candle to the food abortion that I was served at Philly Sandwich Co. My East Coast friends would always talk about how great this place is... they are no longer my friends. The bread was soggy, the fried items on my sandwich (which turned out to comprise about 90% of my sandwich) tasted like they were cooked hours ago and left under a heat lamp. Given the choice between eating another sandwich here and being stabbed with a broken beer bottle, I gladly choose the beer bottle.
1	Probably the worst cheese steak that I ever had. The meat quality was so poor. There were hard pieces of fat in the meat. Simply disgusting.
4	I could've sworn that I wrote a review on this place. Oh well.Not entirely sure what I was thinking by overlooking my review of this place, because it truly is a Godsend when the bars get out at 2am. It's not really the best for you, but when you have had a big night out, sometimes you need some fries, and a philly cheesesteak.I first found this place on Yelp when I moved to the area, and saw they have various specials. Of course I will patronize a business that offers a deal to me. The Yelper.Here is the rub on this place.--Open 24 Hours. Not much else in the area is.--Food is tasty, not healthy, but that's probably why it's tasty--Sandwiches are HUGE.--Late night, it's an after-hours club scene. Complete with DJ. Kind of awesome.--Be aware of drunken idiots. Chances are someone is more hammered than you and is looking for food too. Watch your stuff. --The line can get long after midnight. Be patient. Seriously. I've waited as long as an hour before, and as short as 20 mins. Be patient. Also keep in mind, nothing else is open, except Joe's Pizza, which is a couple blocks away.Aside from that, count on some tasty grub, and something to hold you over while you get home.
4	One of these days I'll have to try this place sober... Wait, no, I probably won't. PSC will always be the #1 late night spot. I don't always post-club-grub but when I do, I prefer PSC (in Dos Equis guy's voice)If you want a detailed & accurate review, read Dave N's from yesterday. Well said, amigo.
5	When you faced with decision of where to eat at 2am and your choices are jack in the box or Philly, Philly is the obvious choice!
3	their quality suffers when the crowds come in at 1-2 a.m.\go in the afternoon for their $5.50--a good deal!
5	Great local place, the food is delicious. I don't know how "authentic" it is, it feels different than any place I've visited in the Phoenix Metro area. There are dollar bills covering the walls, lots of celebrities and everyday people leaving their mark. We need more places like this to experience the culture of other cities.We ate a philly cheesesteak, naturally, it was delicious. We got the cheese wiz on top and some great fries. Highly recommend stopping by at any hour (they are open 24 hours).
1	If you are sober, steer clear of this establishment.  It isn't surprising that after the bars close, most people in there are hammered and obnoxious.  What is a shock is that the girls behind the register are even worse!  They are more interested in primping themselves than taking your order.  The wait is at least 20 minutes therefore, ladies - please stop looking at yourself or your cell phone and take my order!Sober, the food is mediocre at best.  Drunk, it is the best ever.  But, in this economy, I would rather spend my money at a place that is happy to have costumers. Sorry we bother you.  But, this is your job!
2	I had been waiting to try PSC after reading they had Pennsylvania  Dutch Birch Beer and Tasty Kakes. My parents are from South Jersey and those 2 things were staples in our diet when vacationing at the Shore every summer. So after begging my husband to drive the 23 mile one-way trip from Glendale to Scottsdale we arrive to find a small hole in the wall that could have used a good scrubbing, but you can't judge a book by it's cover, right? After standing at the counter for several minutes a stoned twenty something says, "what's up?" to my husband, asks if we are ready to order, when we reply yes, he slowly turns around and starts putting lids on what looks like ranch dressing. Rude. That should have been our 1st clue to turn and run the 2nd was NO BIRCH BEER. Sorry we don't have any we were told. After finally taking our order, 1 cheesesteak hoagie, 1 cheesesteak wiz wit with a side of cherry peppers and 1 cheese fry we proceed to wait, outside in 114 degree weather for the counter was occupied by 4 college age kids shooting the breeze with another employee. When we finally got our food we had to wait another 5 minutes to get our drinks for the stoned counter boy "forgot" them. I can't place what your order was can you help me out? Seriously. We were the only ones eating..the job doesn't take a college degree, if you can't remember 2 Cokes and 1 Mr. Pibb you have some serious issues, maybe this should be your indication to lay off the weed or whatever substance was polluting your mind.The food. The fries are fresh cut or they were at sometime or place and had a ton of cheese, but it's like they had been sitting the 10 minutes before we got our sandwiches. They were cold and soggy. If they would have been hot and crisp those gooey fries would have been worth the drive. The sandwiches. I would give them 3 stars. I've had better, but I've had worse. Lots of cheese and onion just the way I like them. The bread was pretty good and the sandwich it self had enough meat to satisfy.I can't lie the sandwich had a good taste so did the fries, but nothing was really hot and the customer service experience in addition to no Birch Beer really left us flat. I really wanted to enjoy PSC, I really wanted a Birch Beer and a great steak but unfortunately I didn't get either.
1	I get a comment from the owner of this pile of poo...[Comment from Aaron L. of Philadelphia Sandwich Company 9/6/2011]"thank you for taking the time to write about your experience!"What GREAT customer service! Instead of at LEAST trying to correct the matter (and/or apologize) I receive sarcasm! Well THANK YOU mr. Aaron L. of Philadelphia Sandwich Company with that retort, I'll take it with a grain of salt (which you SHOULD'VE used in making some real food). I'd like to take one star away for obvious reasons.And yes, I'll be stopping in again, just to see if you can prove me wrong.
1	September 1, 2011 will always be known to me as the day I had surgery. Due to a birth defect, my left kidney was enlarged and obstructed in two places. The surgery corrected this life-threatening issue.The days that followed will live in my memory for other reasons--such as being the first time I ever spat out a Philly Cheesesteak sandwich. I had a three-inch incision on the left side of my abdomen. After being allowed only clear liquids and intravenous vitamins and minerals for 48 hours, the only thing in my mind that would make me feel human again was a meal. And I thought anything would have tasted appetizing.Two mornings after surgery, my family was visiting and we wanted lunch. I scanned the various choices. Three words caught my eye like a nurse with a needle: Cheese Steak Hoagie. I quickly smiled with pleasure, messing up a cheezesteak sandwich is impossible, right?As the hours passed, my hunger grew, finally, the only thought in my mind was how wonderful that Cheese Steak Hoagie would be. My mouth began to water as the thought of lunch filled my mind. As the smell of real food stopped in front of my door, I quickly sat up and cleared off the small table at my bedside. A delightful atmosphere filled the room as dad carried in the treasures. My stomach growled louder as the food was within reaching distance. All I could think about was the Cheeze Steak I was about to devour.I hurriedly unwrapped my meal, anticipating the mouth-watering sandwich. I lifted the sandwich and took a large bite. As I began to chew, my hunger quickly subsided as the flavor hit my tongue. While I looked around the tray for a napkin, my mother, who had been by my side since arriving at the hospital, knew something was wrong by the expression that came upon my face. The napkin became home to the only bite of lunch I ate."Mom, that is the worst thing I have ever tasted," I said as I rinsed my mouth out with juice. "It's worse than the medicine," a horrible liquid I had received just before entering the operating room.My mother assured me that my intravenous pain killers and other medicines were the cause of the disgusting taste. To prove her wrong, I made her try it. She pulled off a small portion of the sandwich and began chewing. All of a sudden, the same disturbing look that had come over me consumed her. She quickly grabbed another napkin and spat out the bite, apologizing and admitting how horrible the meal tasted.My appetite had disappeared like a doctor being paged. The most memorable meal of my life is one I couldn't allow myself to eat.
1	Comment from Aaron L. of Philadelphia Sandwich Company 7/5/2011    You should be fired for being a idiot with your stupid comments. This is lousy food...
4	The Philly's here are just what the doctor ordered, ask about the homemade ranch, it's tasty!!!
3	The cheesesteak is definitely not the best thing here.  I actually prefer Charlie's to this place.  However, I would recommend the other sandwiches they offer like the breaded chicken sandwiches.  I like this place because its open 24 hours and I can get lunch/dinner food at any time of day.  :)
4	24 hours ...yay! great local spot. Good menu choices.. The wiz wit is the way to go.. although Provolone is good, too.
1	Cheese Whiz: The cornerstone of any nutritious philly cheesesteak.All I can say is make sure you are near a restroom.
1	If the food is terrible when you are drunk late at night, then you know something is wrong.  This past weekend I went to this place for the final time.  I've had their cheesesteaks a number of times now and they have gotten worse and worse with less and less meat.  I am from the Philly area, so I'd say I know my cheesesteaks pretty well and these are not good cheesesteaks.  I really hate giving 1 star reviews, but this place deserves it after the food they have provided late at night.  Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.  The best thing this place has going for it is the bread, which is good, but not great.If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.  I'd normally look the other way, grin and bear the obnoxious patrons at that hour, but when you have a DJ spinning records after hours you are attracting some of the worst scum this side of the Central Arizona Project.  I was hoping for so much more with this place, but it has let me down time and time again.  Hey Philadelphia Sandwich Company, where's the beef?!? From now on, I'm sticking with pizza for my late night eats in Old Town.  The end.
4	Probably as close to authentic as you can get in Arizona.  The cheesesteak "wiz wit" is close to what you might find in Philly, although not quite as tasty.  Their chicken cheesesteak is pretty good as well.  There are a variety of options to add to your sandwich, such as 3 different types of peppers and mushrooms. Beware, the cherry peppers are very spicy!  The sandwiches themselves are fairly large and you can easily share a full order with sides.  Since they are open 24 hours, it's definitely a good option for when you are craving food late at night.
4	How strange to read the bad reviews. I am picky and thought my sandwich was delish and wonderful. The service was excellent. One of the owners was there and he was delightful to talk too. Hmmmmm, not sure how it stacks up to an authentic steak from Philly since I have never been there to have one but I know who to send to find out. I think Wiz is gross so I had the regular Roast Beef sandwich with provolone, onions and banana peppers and it was great! Their sweet potato fries were good too. They are also open 24/7 which is amazing in itself. Check it out. Maybe the after bar crowd suffers. I don't know but it was fine when we went on Black Friday. It was not busy nor rude. We had a Groupon so even better.
4	Best place to eat to prevent/ease a hangover!As other reviewers have said, the lines are pretty insane around 0130 due to the tiny size of the shop, but well worth the wait. The sandwhiches are rather large so splitting them with your friend is a great idea. I always get sweet potato fries with my steak with wiz and the combo is heavenly! This is one of the best places in Arizona to find a cheesteak during the nightlife. Also, all you people sensitive to the staff's 'tude, they are just trying to be authentic broad street bullies, duh!
5	Vandalized dollar bills spread out like gorgeous fabric on the walls of this eatery. Regardless of our situation we always go into this joint with a bang and generally leave with whimper.The sweet potato fries are ridiculously good and the Philly Cheese Steaks are phenomenal.The after-club feast we gorge:Philly Cheese Steak, Wiz Wit (Cheese Wiz and Fried Onions) and two sides of mayonnaise times two the amount of people.
1	The walls and the one dolalr bill thing is cool. but when i asked about it they said its a long story and walked away... WHAT? Also i checked in on yelp and got free fries... well was supposed to.. the cashier even marked it as used on my phone then we never got the fries. I order a chicken cheesesteak.. Literally chicken and cheese. Wow even being intoxicated it was bad. My brother also ordered a ROAST beef.. and they have gave him regular beef and cheese.. thats a hell of a difference. This place is literally to sober up at... not enjoy.
2	Not really worth the moneyThis place is pretty appealing because it is in the heart of old town scottsdale. However, the Philly cheese steak sandwiches here are just average and it is fairly overpriced. The staff there are not bad but are not really friendly or inviting. They play rock music/hip hop in the restaurant which is not appealing to everyone. I dont plan on going back again.
4	Looking over the 108 reviews for Philadelphia Sandwich Company, I look to be one of about 8 people who have ever eaten these sammies sober. Fear not, boozy-memoried friends! Your taste buds weren't just wearing beer goggles; these sandwiches are DELICIOUS!It was late. Like, I-took-a-nap-way-too-late-and-now-it's-11:45-and-I'm-starving late. I had no plans of going out but I had NOTHING in my fridge. We're talking a half block of cheddar, some tahini and 3 eggs. Blast. I quickly Yelp'd up "24 hour delivery" in my zip code and up popped this place. Duh! I proudly admit sandwiches are my favorite food group and I'd had this place on the backburner for a while. And they deliver until 1:00 a.m. YES.Minus a star because the girl answering the phone was a little short. However, I can kind of overlook this because I can ONLY imagine the drunk idiots she puts up with on a daily basis. Still, let me prove I'm coherent! I wasn't sure if they had a delivery minimum plus I'd eaten next to nothing all day so I went with an order of fried mushrooms and the 9th street sandwich, which is roasted red peppers, garlicky spinach and provolone. Would I like to add grilled onions? Why yes I would!The girl said it'd be about an hour but I got a call from the delivery boy (seriously, he couldn't have been more then 17) 40 minutes later. Bonus? He knew the code to my apartment's gate, which I'd never gotten. Ha! Extra tip to him.I felt like it was Christmas as I teared into the bag. First of all. That sandwich? HUGE. HUMONGOUS. INSANE. Like I said, I am a sandwich connoisseur and am generally happy to stuff myself beyond comfort when eating them. However, I didn't even try with this bad boy. The bread was soft and warm and fresh, and spinach had TONS of sauteed garlic (score, for me anyway) and it was just overall a delight. I was so happy to have the 2nd half as dinner last night. The fried mushrooms were delicious--a generous amount with lots of tasty italian seasonings in the batter. However, this is definitely an "eat there" kind of thing, but even with the delivery time they were still semi-crunchy and delicious. They also came with 2 complimentary ramekins of ranch, which I promptly threw away. Because, barf. Still, if that's your thing, go for it.Anyway, this place made my night. I'm so glad I live within a short distance and short delivery wait time. Philadelphia Sandwich Co gets a sober approval!
4	I went there last week for the first time. The dollars that cover the inside walls are quite amusing as you wait for your order. The order taker was lacking in customer service skills, hence only four stars. I got a cheese steak, my first, and fries. The sandwich was huge and very tasty, this was my first time having a  Philly sandwich( added mushrooms) and it was delicious. The fries were so good -I am sure it has to do with the yummy spices. I was a bit surprised at the cost $27.50 for 2 lunch, only in Scottsdale...lol yes it was two of each... but please...we sat out side while we ate, and watched the tourist and fed the pigeons.
4	I was here last night after the bars closed in Old Town. I was thrilled to know there's a place to grab food late besides typical fast food and Philadelphia Sandwich is open 24 hours!. This place is yummy. I had a cheesesteak with onion rings and it was really good (and I wasn't drunk so my tastebuds were operating under fairly normal conditions). There were a ton of people milling inside so I figured it would take some time to get my food--nope, I waited maybe 5 minutes.The food itself was great, I doubt you'd be disappointed with anything on the menu. It all looked good.  I'll go back next time I'm in Old Town and craving a cheesesteak. The onion rings were okay--I'd still order them again but Corleones has THE BEST onion rings in my opinion so there's some tough competition. Hmmm...there is just something about the way cheeseteaks and onion rings go together. Oh, and I'm not sure if they do this all the time but they had a DJ playing awesome music SUPER loud. I felt bad for the people sleeping in the surrounding hotels but it was fun for us in the restaurant.  Everyone was dancing in the middle of the restaurant so that was an added bonus.
4	Pretty darn good cheese steak. The bread was really good and the meat had no grizzle. Took about 15-20 mins to get our sandwiches, but it was worth the wait.
3	If this was not called Philadelphia Sandwich company, I might give a better rating because the sandwiches were ok and the guys were pretty cool..  That being said, other than the fact that they were sliced meat and on a roll with cheese, they are not true philly cheesesteaks.  In fact I was told when I asked that they are "not trying" to be philly authentic.  Why call it philly then?  I am from philly and NJ, have eaten all over there..and just recently at Frankies in Tucson, AZ (awesome AND authentic-he is FROM philly and flies his ingredients in, including rolls-see my other review).  The chicken cheesesteak I got was ok, but not Philly.   Not even close.  My family all got cheeseteaks..and my dad (also from philly) said "this is lousy".  When I asked the guys if they got Amoroso rolls (philly rolls) they said "no, ours are better".  The rolls were rock hard before I was done eating..didn't do it for me.  No one is from philly, so I am still baffled why they use that name?  My understanding is they get a crowd at 2AM after the bars let out since not much else is open.
2	Let me preface: If I was drunk and it was late (early in the wee- morning).  This place would get 5 stars.But I'm sober and it's lunch...soooooo....I work right across the street.  The few times I've been here, it takes almost 20 minutes to get a sandwich... what the? Not a good idea when your on the clock.  It's also been hit or miss on the beef.  Sometimes it's tender and others it's so chewy and dry.   Fries are fresh-cut.  The bread is good and the sandwich is really big.  You can definitely share.+ They do deliver.  - Can get pricey if you want a sandwich & fries.+ It's open 24 hours.- Parking
3	Ended up going here 2 nights in a row during a bachelor party weekend during spring break. The line can get hectic as late as 3-4am. I was impressed that they had a DJ spinning 1) despite being a sandwich shop and 2) it was 4am!
4	I can now check off the Philly Sandwich company off my list to eat at. Stopping off was the perfect ending to a long night of being out on the town. The philly sandwich was big and tasted great. I could have gone for it being a bit cheesier though (my personal preference). The fries were great and not too greasy. Two phillys, 2 sodas and 2 fries totaled $25.My friend and I got in just at the right time before the bar scene left out. I received my food within about 7-10 minutes. We ate at the counter and then before we knew it, the place was packed. I can see why. Who doesn't want some tasty good after a long night at the bars/clubs?I could probably do without the DJ music.I will definitely be back. Next time I hope not to be there at 2 am!
4	Someone from work suggested that we go to this place that has great Philly Cheese Steaks.  So we headed to old town Scottsdale to check it out.  There were four of us, and we sat at the only two tables in the sandwich shop.  The outdoor seating looked good and they cater, but I don't recommend the indoor dining, you might not get a table.  After ordering, one of my friends outed me as a Yelper, an Elite Yelper, in fact.  So the owner started complaining about the negative reviews he gets on Yelp, which is something I can understand.  No need to worry that he'll read this one thought because he said that he doesn't monitor the reviews anymore.  Then he added that the reviews must not be too negative as the Phoenix headquarters for Yelp is across the street and he caters for them often.  That's quite an endorsement, right?  And then he got out his laptop and showed us a parody of Yelpers on Laugh or Die.  Not sure how to take that as I was outed as the Yelper, but it was amusing.I ordered the Sausage Parm sandwich because I love sausage.  It takes a little longer to prepare than the other sandwiches, and came out looking like two strips of flat hot sausage like those breakfast patties rather than smoked sausage, but the taste confirmed that it was smoked sausage.  On the whole, it was good.  I also ordered the fresh cut fries only to realize later that there was a Yelp deal when I checked in.  The fries were really good.  The others in my group enjoyed their orders as well.  I don't think that anyone got a Philly Cheese Steak.  And they are willing to make whatever sandwich you want.  One of my pals kind of combined two sandwiches because he likes it spicy.  The staff was really nice.  Will we back?  Well yeah, I need to redeem my free fresh cut fries deal.
3	Really? A Philly shop in Scottsdale? Who'd of think it. I thought I'd give it a shot because I was hungry & in need of some good belly. The place really feels like a hole in the wall bar, and not a Philly shop.  I'm used to getting a "two-hands recommended" pile of meat, cheese, peppers, onions, and mushrooms with my bread, so it took a moment to adjust to the sausage-on-a-bun size sammie I was handed. No worries, the bread quality was good, the meat (chicken) was good, and it had enough cheese for my liking. I was excited to see sweet potato fries on their board, but they were a little old and cold to be good. I guess I should have timed my visit better.The guys behind the counter were nice, which is always a plus. Aside from adjusting their prices to accommodate my stinginess, they could either make more menus available away from the counter (reading other reviews makes me feel like I missed out on some good options), or give themselves more room on the big board behind the counter.
4	Ok, my friends have been pushing me to check this place out for a while for sure.  I complain all the time about wanting to find a decent cheesesteak.I admit I spend far more time in downtown Phoenix or Arcadia than I do Oldtown Scottsdale, but the other weekend I was in the are so some friends and I popped by for a cheesesteak.This place is cool.HUZZAH! for having both cheese wiz and white american, I love both on cheesesteaks and that's always a positive sign.The food was great!  Still not South Street but close enough.This place is 24 hours as well!  Still trying to convince someone to have a cheesesteak brunch haha.
4	I love good drunk food and this place totally qualifies.  I was sober this night though and I still totally loved it.There was a long wait for our food, which kinda sucked but we were waiting on bread to finish baking.  It's also Spring Training season and this place was literally crawling with people at 2 am on a Sunday night.We came with a bunch of friends and all kinda shared in the sides. Pizza fries were incredible, onion rings were spot on, and the regular fries were great too (and free by checking in on Yelp! woo hooo!) The classic philly was warm and nicely seasoned.  I only ate half and gave the other half to my husband.  We sat outside and it was a little chilly, but totally worth it.  Go here! Yum.
3	Nothing hits the spot like anything that's not Denny's when it's one a.m. I had agreed to go there/sulk/refuse to order anything, when suddenly we passed the godsend that was PSC's "Open 24 Hours a Day" sign.They literally serve everything any well-to-do, f***ed up individual could want during the wee hours of morn. Sweet potato fries, onion rings, mac n' cheese wedges, fatty cheap sammiches, and even bread pudding.Here's the best part though: a foot long, hot fried zucchini, marinara, & onion sandwich for $-3.25 dollars? You read that right.Maybe the customers aren't the only shmammered ones in this perpetually open stoneriffic hut of dreams... but at the time, I thought it was a grand experience all around.
4	Love their cheesesteaks!!
5	Best cheesesteak in AZ. Personal favorite is the whiz with onions and mushrooms.Be aware, you will eat about 3000 calories with one of these sandwiches.
3	I've been to the old location many times and loved it (otherwise I would give it 1 star)! Tonight I went the the new (whitehouse) location..... I stood at "order here" station for 5 minutes but no one was behind the counter :(   I left and went to the old location hoping they were still open - There's a new restaurant at the new location - seemed busy with a good clientele but a sign on the door stated "cash only" . blaaaah I only had my card... went to circle K for a pizza. Drunk, still thinking cheesesteak, and eating crappy pizza.
4	I got the cheesesteak wit wiz and a cherry coke. The staff is really friendly and the food is great. Free wifi which is perfect for me. I will be back with friends.
4	The best Philly Cheesesteak I've ever had.  I order  mine with white American, onions, and mushrooms.  It is excellent.  My daughter, who's always hated Philly style sandwiches, actually craves their chicken one with provolone.  It's a good thing it's kind of a drive for me, or I'd probably eat there every day!!!
5	Where can you go in Arizona to get the best cheesesteak  ? here of course, sure the lines are long at times, but totally worth the wait.  Aside from the perfect amount of whiz on your sandwich, there are a plethora of adds to throw on to create the perfect sammich. like like like
5	They used to have a corner location but they recently moved around the block. They are now right next to Dos Gringos. We almost thought they went out of business but we were happy to see that they now have a much larger building. Awesome and true Philly cheesesteaks--wit wiz and onion! We ordered cheese fries to go and they put the wiz in a separate container so the fries didn't get soggy. Pat's in Philly didn't do that for us! Ha ha ha. They also have birch beer which I was happy to slurp up as it is hard to find on the west coast. Staff is super friendly and we will keep coming back. We will miss the outdoor seating as we used to bring our dog so we could sit outside. But you can always order to go!
3	new location 3 star quality food.
5	I never liked cheesesteaks until I found this place, and they have this amazing sauce called Madison's that is to die for! Now wash it all down with a Birch Beer which seems to be the only place in town that carries the Birch, you have a winner!
1	Honestly was SO disappointed by this place, after all of the rave reviews and my love of phillys I thought it would be awesome. I got there and it took me 20 minutes, not exaggerating, to put in my order because the employee was on and off the phone, walking around and just couldn't concentrate for two seconds. My friend and I were the only two people in the store and they messed up my order TWICE. The first time my macaroni wedges were frozen and the second time they gave me a completely wrong sandwich. I'm all for having fun at the work place don't get me wrong but the main employee who also took my order really seemed to be on some kind of drugs and super out of it, she couldn't wrap her head around what I wanted or why my order was wrong. She also proceeded to do handstands with another employee spotting her behind the counter, really classy guys.
1	Okay, so I'll start off by saying... I USED to love this place.  When I was with-child, their sandwiches and hash browns woke me up at night.   On the corner of 5th and Scottsdale, the joint was uber cool (with extra umlaut for extra coolness).   The vibe was hip and friendly.   This used to be a 5 star joint.  WHAT HAPPENED?  We knew they were moving to Craftsman Court.  We were expecting something great.  But it was just the opposite.  Ah, man.. what a significant disaster.   Biggest disappointment so far this year!The outside windows were dark. It was hard to tell if the place was even open.   We entered to an awkward and misplaced drum kit.   There was no clear indication of what to do.  Is this counter service?  It's hard to tell.  We ended up ordering at what appeared to be a bar?  Or a counter?  Or something else?Half of the space is decorated with Philly jazz posters, dark wood, a high brow style bar, and a coffee machine.   The other half had a general hippie feel.  The space was split by a red billiards table smack in the middle.  I tell you, this place has a real personality disorder.   AND the place was FILTHY. I almost immediately regretted stepping foot in the space.  It was dirty!  Was that construction dust all over the floors and tables?  Should we be eating here?   Reluctantly I ordered the 1/2 sandwich lunch special.   After a good 25 minutes I  inquired about getting our food to-go and was promptly responded to with a good dose of stink-eye from DJ slash cashier.  What a mess!With the new store, Philadelphia Sandwich Co. missed some of the key concepts critical to staying alive in the restaurant biz,  including basic layout and flow.  The lunch crowd was nonexistent on a Wednesday afternoon with only 3 other diners.   One gentleman came in and promptly turned around to leave.  I have to say, I'm a bit concerned with their product turnover... with that little traffic at a normally busy time, the food can't stay fresh for long.   The vibe, up all night like a dirty pancake.. and not in a good way.   The space, filthy... and not in a sexy way.  The food, now tainted.   I hope the after 2am crowd can turn a blind eye and save this joint.  I know my out-all-night noshes would rather be at the Awful House than here.
2	The food is great, but turn down the music so you don't jack up my order. I was only asked to repeat it four times and it still got screwed up. Not like wrong toppings kinda error, but totally different sandwich. I like the new location, but the service seems to have gotten worse.
5	I have never been a fan of philly cheesesteaks, ever. I've tried to, but I just never found them to be tasty. But last night I had one from here after leaving the bars and I was amazed! I got it with onions and cheese wiz. It was so filling I'm happy I shared with my bf. The staff was awesome and even hooked me up with a free bag of chips. We played pool while we waited and there wasn't any loud music playing like past reviews stated. I will definitely be returning since I live so close and can be found at the bars once in a while. Apparently they should be getting a liquor license soon, so more incentives to come and try!
4	Great food! Nice place to stop by and grab a bite to eat. Right in Old Town shopping district.
5	These guys get five stars just for being open 24 hours and having some killer games to keep you amused with. The sweet potato fries were battered to perfection. The sandwich was yum, yum, yum!
5	I wasn't too sure about a Philly with cheez whiz but wow!!!  It was so good!!  My friend had the sandwich with spinach and provolone and that was really good too!  The fries were good and you get large portions. The sandwich was also huge. Don't forget to check in as you unlock a deal for free fries. The staff is really nice and the new location is really cool.
2	Philadelphia Sandwich Company is what it is, available food, but in Old Town Scottsdale PSC is pretty much your only hope if you're partying at Valley Ho and want some grub at 2am. It's typical munchy kind of stuff, too salty and overcooked, and the atmosphere is completely lacking atmosphere, like an old run down strip club. If you're looking for real cheese steak it's worth the drive from wherever you are to head to Forefathers in Tempe, PSC just doesn't come anywhere near making the grade... it stinks that so often being open 24 hours means your food has to be awful.
2	Make sure to bring your fist bumping attitude, if you're stopping after a night out in downtown Scottsdale.  They actually have a DJ blasting music, making for a bad transition from bar scene to food shop.At night the place was quite crowded and clearly housing a lot of intoxicated peeps.   Even after a few drinks, the Phlilly sandwhich was whatever.  Add their spicy sauce to make your sandwich something to contemplate about.  As a hangover local, its worth the walk, as pure foodery, it was subpar.
5	Best Philly Samich I have ever, ever had and I don't even like them that much - these are delicious. I get the Philly steak, with cheeze whiz, mushrooms and onions! Yum-o!!
3	I loved this place at their old location. The new building is awesome, but it seems like the food quality went down too. I haven't seen the same staff at the new location either and they were great with make sure the orders were perfect. I used to love the sandwiches and the old location was manageable. Now, the location is awesome but the food just isn't the same.
5	There was a Groupon a while back that got me looking at the Yelp reviews. Though I didn't buy the Groupon, it stuck out due to reviews and the fact they are open 24 hours. My friend suggested we go and I'm so glad she did! We've been back several times and even ordered delivery at work! Working nights, we don't have many midnight delivery options, but now there is this one! I got the roast beef italiano (roast beef, garlic, spinach, and provolone) and it was so good I have yet to try anything else. They bake their bread daily and everyone agreed that the bread makes the sandwhich. Recommended for sure!
2	Probably the worst cheesesteak I have ever had.  The meat was dry, full of gristle and lacking taste. The roll was tasteless as well and seemed as if it could have come from off a shelf at wal-mart.  There was so little cheese that I had to pick through the meat to find any. Avoid.
1	This place is disgusting. The cheesesteak meat was all fat and gristle, the people at the counter were rude and just seemed annoyed, not to mention, I saw not 1.. not 2... but 6 COCKROACHES crawling on the floor! After I saw that, I couldnt even eat my food. Probably a good thing, I would have gotten more sick. My friend ate his sandwhich and got so sick the next couple days. BAD MEAT!!! COCKROACHES!! HORRIBLE FOOD and SERVICE!!
2	Have to agree with the comments about the new space.  Part of the charm of this place was its "diveyness" and DJ.  The space they are in now is obviously too big for them as the decor is a mismatch of Phillie's sports stuff, movie posters that look like they came out of the owners home office, and generic "art" that one would see in a hotel.  I went last Saturday and instead of a line begging to get their hands on one of these sandwiches, there was probably only a hand full of people.  and NO DJ!   They also have extended their menu with various apps- tried the fired zucchini and ended up throwing it away after one bite- when they should just reinvest it into their decor.I gotta say, I think it was a huge mistake for this place to move and change up their menu.  There is a new spot where they used to be that also has cheese steaks.  Think I try there next time.
1	Terrible!! They over charge for meatless sandwichs, I ordered an original philly with onions and peppers, it had barely enough meat on it the bun INCLOSED around the meat it was ALL bun, and i had 3 onions and maybe on pepper slice. when we called and complained the manager said he would replace our order for us to call him back before 5, we did, he was gone and everyone was dumbfounded by our request. Long story short I'd rather go to arbys and I hate arbys.
4	They have Birch Beer! It's so delicious. I'm also a big fan of the pizza fries and if I'm getting a sandwich it's pepperoni with either chicken or spinach. My dollar is on the wall too! It's at the bottom of a pillar and it says "@FanBallWeekly" which is the twitter handle for my Fantasy Sports podcast. It's a shameless self-promotion. I've even purchased their bread for myself and made my own cheesesteaks, delicious!
4	This is by far the best cheese stake joint on this side of the country.  I grew up in Camden, NJ, just a short walk across the Ben Franklin from Philly.  I have had a few "Philly Cheese Stakes" out here and have been very disappointed.  This place is the real deal and can compete with the places back home.  Hands down, this is the best Cheese Stake joint in the valley!
2	Wow, has this joint slid downhill since moving from their 5th & Scottsdale dig's. While the cheesesteaks may very well be edible after a night of clubbing ... they no longer passes the sobriety test. What's wrong with em' ...  humm ... just about everything!Bad location, so-so meat, non-existant poor quality cheese,  undercooked mushrooms, cherry peppers that taste like picked jalapenos, they flat out lack that gooey goodness that defines a Philly Cheesesteak.What a bummer, I used drive out of my way to down a sandwich "over here" ..."The Party's Over"
1	A bunch of scam artists....The same girl and another guy a while back "forgot to give me change" when paying with cash...Food is okay...But they are good at scamming drunk people out of a few dollars
4	SO glad these guys found a bigger location than their old one! Lots of seating, an espresso/ regular bar, pool table....awesome.I always go for the chicken philly and its always delicious. Just the right amount of cheese melted into the chicken and placed on the softest grinder roll imaginable. PSC always hits the spot!
3	I really have no idea how to review this place properly since I've been drunk every time I've eaten here.Although, maybe being drunk is the ONLY way to truly appreciate the PSC. You can guarantee that around 2-3am when the bars close, there will be a long, drunken, sloppy line out the door. God bless the people working here at that time. I can only imagine the patience that is required to tolerate all of us idiots screaming and singing and puking and being generally awesome. You haven't lived if youve never had a sandwich and Mac n cheese bites at 2:30 in the morning after a night out at the bars. And oh my god, they have a DJ at that time too! So the party doesn't have to stop when you're dripping cheez whiz down the front of your button down shirt/club dress/sweatshirt.
4	To keep in mind with this rating: This is me rating drunk food... really, I am not quite sure I would eat here anytime other than after a night out but it is great after a night out. It gets crazy busy after 2 though so if you're going on a Saturday or Friday night after a night out in old town, expect a wait... and even if you go in there earlier than the crowds, you'll still be waiting for a bit for your sandwich.... One good thing is the updated location- MUCH bigger and just a better location in Old Town.
4	Probably the BEST cheesesteaks I've had in the area were from this joint. I love the environment, got that bar and the pool table. Really nice that it's open 24/7.Love the classic steaks with whiz. Fries are really good too, crisp and fresh cut. And if you haven't had the macaroni bites, try it because it's delicious.
3	Was craving a philly cheesesteak after a little too much celebrating the 49er's win the previous day, and Philadelphia Sandwich Company was the place to go according to Yelp. They've recently moved to a bigger space next to Gringo's, and I get the feeling they are packed late-night. I was surprised to see the deliver until 4am too!The philly with provolone, onions, and cherry peppers was good, but not the best I've had. The meat was a little tough. My gf thought her meatball sandwich tasted a bit weird and hardly ate any of it. I would go again late night or if I was dying for a cheesesteak.
5	I luv the meatball sandwich. The location is great.Parking is very easy and free.
4	Im a fan. Best cheesesteaks I've had  in the valley.
5	googled "sandwich delivery' AND BAMMM - there ya were. 1st timer. dig it! bada bing wit grilled Os, chicken fingers, mac and cheese fries.... The ranch is def homemade, the type you would drink if hammered (or sober).  the fingers great seasoning, almost like a cajun rub. the mac&cheeeze fries are pretty damn good. AND GET THIS.... by the time I got the food to my doorstep it was still HOT HOT... thanks. loyal fan from here out.
2	Stopped in for lunch today.  I had high expectations because of the reviews, but my experience (or opinion and taste) was very different.  The sandwich was thin and the meat was bland.  Thank goodness for the chez whiz, otherwise the sand which would have been indelible.   The fries were dripping grease and not very flavorful.  For the price and lack of flavor, I will not be returning.
1	Horrible customer service.  They don't respect their customers.  Food is mediocre.
1	I was VERY disappointed with the portion size. Previously, I would get 4 times the size of the sandwich now. If the sandwich is going to shrink in size, the price should as well. $8 for a bite size sandwich, a little ridiculous!
3	After eating an appetizer-sized entree plate of scallops at Citizen Public House, I needed FourthMeal, so after hitting the pool party at the W, we stopped off at PSC for late night chow.  It took 45 minutes (I'm not kidding) to find this out around 3 AM, but the cheesesteak with cheese wiz was solid if unspectacular.  Hell, you should almost give PSC an extra star for just being open, since that is tough enough after hours in Scottsdale!The space was decent, the service was friendly, and the DJ last night was spinning music that was right in my wheelhouse (80s/90s hip-hop, 90s/00s R&B, a dash of pop music).  Also met some cool people just hangin' around after a night on the streets; I've been here four days and I generally have great things to say about the people here in Scottsdale.  If I go out late again, I know where to go!
4	Wreck your liver and you'll be wanting to wreck your stomach with one these delish monstrosities.  Granted everytime I've had one of these I was a bit hazy to say the least but that evening of glory was forever engrained in my dome.  The only reason I give it 4 stars is that the morning after theres definately some regret but its all good.  Its open late, service is good but the only reason I'd be going is if I'm in Old Town and craving some oohhhh soo good heart stopping goodness!
3	This is good, unhealthy late-night food in Downtown Scottsdale.  If you want to pig out after a night of drinking, come here.  You'll be satisfied, though you might not feel awesome the next morning.
3	Great sandwiches but the French fries Are always soggy.
1	Terrible service was not helped for 10 min not one person in the restaurant . Very unfriendly staff rude and demeaning . NEVER GOING BACK!!!!!!  I Will be telling Everyone I know  TO STAY AWAY !!! And The Sandwich Was So Bland!!
3	I used to love this place but the owner doesn't really know how to properly run a business.
3	Had went in on aGroupon purchase with some of my coworkers (4 sandwiches, 4 fries, and 4 drinks for $24).  It was a screaming deal, so we couldnt pass it up.  We decided to use our voucher last Friday.  Almost all of us got the WizWit (with some extras on it..jalapenos, etc).  By the time we got back across the street with our sandwich (we work less than 2 blocks away), my sandwich was soggy.  The fries were soggy too.  Sandwich was still edible and tasted alright, but I doubt I'll be returning to PSC anytime soon.
3	Okay so you're open 24 hours a day. That's a major plus in my book, but unfortunately the meat here isn't even as good as a Steak Um. To their credit, their cheez whiz is real and not melted American pasteurized half- cheese. The Whiz N Wit tasted okay, a bit like store bought hamburger helper BUT--it was midnight, some things must be forgiven. They have television, the place is well lit,  and clean. Many times, after a few drinks, that's all you need. This place is good for that.
1	After reading some of the good reviews for this place, my boyfriend and I decided to give it a try for lunch. We were expecting this great fresh cheesesteak but we were very disappointed. The only thing good about the sandwich was the bread, it was soft and flakey. The meat was questionable and cut into tiny pieces. The cheese wiz reminded me of something cheap store bought and there was so much of it. I rarely say something has too much cheese, but this thing....damn! So much that I couldn't even finish it and I feel nauseous driving home already.The fries seemed fresh but very, very dark like they use old oil or something. Not my style of fries.Service was horrible. No acknowledgment, no hi how can I help you? Nothing.It took forever for our food and we came at a very slow time, not busy at all.Even if you're drunk, this food would not suffice. In fact it'll probably make you yak.Overall this place is overpriced, cheap quality and bad customer service. I do not recommend this at all.
4	I've been looking for a good cheesesteak for a while now, and PSC's is definitely the best I've found. Meat was tasty, bread was soft, and there were plenty of toppings to choose from (mushrooms, onions, four or five types of peppers). I have never been a fan of cheez-wiz, but somehow on this sandwich it just "clicked". It's more of a sauce than a cheese, and it added some needed moisture to the slightly dry beef. I also tried the chicken cheesesteak, which was less impressive. The chunks of chicken looked nice, but they were chewy and flavorless.  The toppings (provolone cheese and mushrooms) tasted fine. I took my order to go. The sandwiches were wrapped so that the paper was tucked between the cheese and the bread, keeping the bread from getting soggy on the way home. It was a small touch that I really appreciated.
2	Not impressed at all.  My wife and I ordered delivery and it took almost an hour to receive it.  When we opened up our food it was all room temperature and did not taste fresh at all.  Very disappointing.  I will not be ordering from this restaurant again.
2	Decided to give PSC a shot by buying a Groupon and my opinion of it can be summed up with a "Meh". I haven't had a lot of  cheesesteaks in my life, and even fewer in Phoenix but I would expect it to be with some moist steak slices, lots of provolone cheese and onions and green peppers. A nice hardy meal in sum...not here. To make matters worse I thought I'd try to the groupon sooner than later (I was kind of craving a cheesesteak) and made my way there on a Saturday. Somehow, and I felt worse for the 2-3 staff members, the AC was out. It was like a sauna in there. I will discount that fact but it didn't give me a favorable impression. Bottom line is I would probably not go because the cheesesteak I had was just average. Should have tried the Wiz Wit but that didn't sound too appetizing. Probably a great place, as it seems, to grab a bite after clubbing though.
5	great food, the philly cheesetake and the philly with pork.
2	Last night my friends and I  were boozehounds in downtown Scottsdale. This morning we woke up with a headache and a craving for food from our native land: Philadelphia.  So of course we ordered from the Philadelphia Sandwich Company.After about an hour of waiting for our food we called and checked to see the delivery status. Apparently they could not find our apartment and went back to the restaurant. No call back to check,  nothing. What if WE didn't call? Would we have gotten our food? Who knows.With that said, once they actually delivered, the food was decent.I may try you again Philadelphia Sandwich company! Just don't ally oop the scoop with our delivery !!
5	What's not to love about Philly Sandwich Co.? They were an awesome little corner joint until, with notoriety and late hours, they were able to upgrade to an even nicer, cleaner, bigger location. If you ever saw the line out the door and around the corner at their old location after all the bars closed, you'd understand what I mean. When my mate and I got back from having AMAZING cheesesteaks in their hometown of Philly, we were hard pressed to find one here in the Valley that would compare. But PSC did! Now that we're vegetarian, we still haven't quit going. Now, I absolutely love their Fried Zucchini Parmesan sandwich. Doubt it meets all my veggie/diet preferences, but it's just too good to say no! :)
4	Next best thing to the real thing in Philly!
5	I went to PSC with some co-workers yesterday since we bought groupons for it a few weeks ago. The space inside was huge.We liked that it wasn't too busy during lunch time. As for their menu, it offered so many different kinds of sandwiches. It was hard to choose! I ended up getting the Wiz Wit and it was AMAZING! The fries were good too. My only complaint is that the diet Pepsi part of the fountain machine was out. The cashier handed me a diet pepsi can and said I could have as many as I wanted- which was just so nice! I plan on going back with I am craving a philly cheesesteak or after a night at the bars!
1	Worst food I've ever had...so bad I spit out the first bite and threw away an ENTIRE sandwich and fries. Meat tasted like plastic. I hope this place gets shut down.
4	Only $8 for a pretty large cheesesteak. Not sure if it was ribeye or not, the dude who took my order was a gigantic man and I didn't want to go through my usual spiel after drinking. Plus, I was hungry and it was midnight I had just walked out of KISS, who was trying to charge $5 and change for one slice of thin pizza. Ordered the cheesesteak with White american and onions and heard the guy chopping the meat on the grill, so that is a good sign. Took it back to pad and it held up pretty good, the cheese was mixed in as it should with white cheese and maybe could have used a few more onions. Bread was solid as well. Did not feel ripped off and would try that or the chicken parm stuff next time I'm down there late at night.
4	Being a girl from Philly I usually have very high standards when it comes to cheese steaks! lol. & I gotta say this place is pretty up there! I bought a Groupon so we wanted to use it this past weekend. I've actually been here a few times at their old location. We all know this is the place to go after the clubs at 2 am. It's that "drunk food" I guess you can say. lol. I ordered the steak hoagie while my boyfriend got the regular cheese steak. If you're going to get a cheese steak here you have to get it with the Cheese Wiz! When you check in you also get a free order of fries. I liked the service here because usually any business that I've been to you can't combine the Groupons with the Yelp deals. It's either one or the other. So not only did we get to use our Groupon but BOTH my boyfriend and I got to use our Yelp deals for the free fries. I ordered the house made ranch as well which is usually 50 cents but they gave it to me for free. The only negative was that it took a while for them to actually place our order. This is probably the only place that I'll ever go to get a Philly Cheese steak here. Everything was really delicious though and I was basically in a food coma after we left! =)
4	Never been to Philadelphia nor have I ever been to a whole lot of places that sells cheesesteak sandwiches. But this place reminds me of a place in Tucson called Frankies South Philadelphia Cheesesteak.  From my understanding this place used to be located on 5th Ave which they've relocated to Craftsman Ct in Old Town Scottsdale. The new location has three times the space than the original one. Still open 24 hours a day, it's probably the only place you can get a Philly cheesesteak at 3 am.The GF had bought a Groupon to this place awhile back and finally decided to take me here (feel so lucky). I ordered a regular 9 inch Cheese-steak with whiz cheese and a side of fresh cut fries (oh if you check in here, you'll get a free basket of fries with your order). Within 5 minutes or so our order arrived - and just as fast as the food came out it was gone!  The bread was nice and soft and the steak was full of favor! This place is awesome! The only thing that bugged me was trying to find a parking space. Holly hell I think we were driving around for hours! Ok Ok maybe not hours but it sure seems like it (hungry status). Love this place and will hopefully be back soon. KCYE
5	You should try the pepperoni steak.  Its really good.  I think their sandwiches are pricey but they have the best damn phillies period.  Its worth the money.
1	First visit. Lunchtime. Waited nearly ten minutes at counter for our order to be taken and we were the only customers waiting. The cheesesteak sandwich was good. My son's meatball sub resulted in vomiting a few hours later and that kid has an iron stomachSecond visit. Lunchtime. Walked up to the unstaffed counter to have my order taken. Shortly thereafter a worker appeared to answer the phone on the other side of thecounter. Didn't look my way or even give me the "one minute" sign. I stood there for nearly ten minutes and was not even acknowledged. I don't know how this place stays in business, but I know I won't be back.
1	Was told 30 minutes for a delivery order.  After 45 I called and was told it would only be 5 more minutes.  I called back 2 more times, each time being told it would only be 5 more minutes (obviously being lied to).  Food finally came after 1.5 hours!  Was told the last time that I called that they remade our order so it wouldn't be cold but guess what???.....it was COLD.  The driver and the person answering the phone gave me completely different stories as to what happened so we were obviously lied to.  I used to be a regular but will never order from here again!
5	This place is great. Tasty tasty
5	I ordered my food to go and as soon as I got in the car the aroma of the food was too tempting to wait until I got home. I was just going to have a few fries and be on my way but before I knew it I was moving on to the whiz-whit and the fries were devoured. Fresh cut fries are my weakness and these were hot and seasoned to perfection. Try the whiz-whit it's delicious! I just found my new go-to late night restaurant, I love that it's open 24 hours. Don't be surprised if you see me back tomorrow night.
2	Honestly, not impressed. My bread was so dry and stale
1	Tried to go. Went 30 min out of my way to eat here and they were close. So much for 24 hrs!
4	Great, greasy, delicious Philly style cheesesteaks in a fun atmosphere. Certainly an after-bar food stop in Scottsdale!
5	After a long night of partying what can be better than a 24hr philly cheesesteak? Affordable and filling enough for the Broke college student! This place rocks.
3	I've been coming to this Sandwich shop on a regular basis for the past few years.  They're always doing Groupons and I will jump on it when they do.  The food here is ok....not the best Philly Cheesesteak that I've ever had, but it will do.Some other items we have tried here:Fried Mac n Cheesehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/philadelphia-sandwich-company-scottsdale?select=VV2yC5d9549ZnhfMOU8YNA#VV2yC5d9549ZnhfMOU8YNAFrieshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/philadelphia-sandwich-company-scottsdale?select=BNHY2b1YJSX3UQN6lwUJOA#BNHY2b1YJSX3UQN6lwUJOASweet Potato Frieshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/philadelphia-sandwich-company-scottsdale?select=3tkCICkMT7V5hYs43WqyDg#3tkCICkMT7V5hYs43WqyDgOnion Ringshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/philadelphia-sandwich-company-scottsdale?select=6nJCqbEzLdPpC2PLkI3enQ#6nJCqbEzLdPpC2PLkI3enQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/philadelphia-sandwich-company-scottsdale?select=vKgaxqWI3ZKkkOwDXAQR8Q#vKgaxqWI3ZKkkOwDXAQR8QThe Fries & Sweet Potato Fries are pretty good.  I prefer the regular Fries...they're addicting.The Onion Rings are thick and massive.  However, I am not a fan of them.  The breading on them are really thin and they're kind of bland. The Fried Mac n Cheese is pretty good.The restaurant was moved a little over a year ago from it's original location to a much larger space and has a bunch of games in there....Pool, Corn Hole, Darts.  It's definitely aimed at the late night Old Town crowd.  Being open 24 hrs helps them attract that crowd too.Return Factor - 75%
2	Cheese steak = 5 starsService = 2 starsWaiting time = 0 starsWe really want to love this place, but they're making it very hard for us to do so. We loved it when it was at the smaller location on Scottsdale road, but it's gone way downhill since moving to the current location.We have been there several times in 2013. Each time the wait was ridiculously long. How long can it take to grill a couple of cheese steaks!? Often there was nobody anywhere near the register to take our order. Every once in a while a guy would come out from the back to tell people that their order was coming out soon. The problem is that there would be several people waiting, and not very many people actually eating. It seems like the guy working the register is also cooking, or helping the cook. That's crazy.We've taken friends on a few occasions and it's been the same story. I keep thinking that it was just a bad day, so we try again a while later. We don't even come when it's very busy, but it's always the same long wait. We've been late to movies because of the unreasonably long wait for our food.Don't get me wrong. We love the cheese steaks once we finally get them, but we don't know if that's enough to make up for the bad service and looooooooong wait.My wife vows to never return. I'm close to agreeing, but I still hold out hope that they'll get their act together.A guy can always hope.
5	Best philly steak sandwich I have ever had. My boys liked the corn hole game. Would be a great place to have a beer too but no liquor license yet I understand. Owner was present and delivered excellent service. I see a lot of bad reviews based on service but this was not our experience.Try it.
5	This is truly the best cheese steak I have ever had, it was awesome service and awesome food. Don't listen to all the bad reviews because this is a good company.          __________________.
5	Best drunk food to soak up all the overpriced bad drinks in the area....I spent about an hour here and had my handy cam in my purse so got all uploaded on youtube! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1MyplHQ1MBU
2	This place is a joke. Their other location was way better. Upon entering the current location you'll find a very open, sparsely decorated restaurant. Oh ya, and a crappy DJ blasting crappy rap/club music. Oh ya, and drunk Scottsdale frat boys. My order (and my friend's) was given to someone else so we had to wait about 15-20 minutes for a basic Phily Cheese Steak sandwich. There's also a kid that works there shouting out names of customers running around looking all sorts of panicked. So that's entertaining. If you can handle all of that the sandwiches are actually not bad. I'll never go back because of the atmosphere...until the next time I'm drunk in Scottsdale and have no other choice. Meh.
1	I made the mistake of taking a friend to this place last night. Scottsdale lacks places that are open around the clock, and it's very difficult to find food of any sort after 1:30 am. I had walked by PSC a few times before, and the concept seemed appealing, but the execution could not have been worse. I wish I could say that the food was good, but in truth, I didn't get any food. Mind you, that's not because I didn't order it, but because they never brought it ought to me. Eventually, I was able to reorder, only to be told that they were out of cheese steaks and fries. When this is your core item, I don't know how the management could let this happen. Also off-putting: the staff was more pre-occupied by chatting with their friends than taking orders and dealing with customers. I was surprised by the lack of professionalism.Restroom were a disgusting mess.Alternatively, I have found Corleone's to be a good cheese steak place, though the hours at the N. Scottsdale location are bizarrely short. It is a shame a resort town like Scottsdale has so few places to eat after hours. If New York is the city that never sleeps, Scottsdale is the city that sleeps too much.
2	Ordered delivery on a Monday night and it took an hour and fifteen minutes to get here when they said 30-40 minutes. My bread was soft but my girlfriends was hard as a rock. Our fries were luke warm. Definitely a one time thing for us.
1	Good food. Worst service ever! Delivery took over 2 hours and I live in old town!!! I called 3 times and he said each time it would be there in 5 minutes. Wrong. Canceled my order.
4	A relative 4 stars as this is a very solid cheesesteak shop with quick service and great late night hours. If you've never been to Philly, at least you can get a real version of the cheesesteak here.
5	This is my go to place for late night eats after getting out of the club!! The mac n cheese bites are the best thing on the menu IMO, as well as having the best philly cheesesteaks around. Great price, location is perfect right in Old Town, and they even provide live entertainment with DJ's and games!!
5	I came here for the first time during my visit to Phoenix last month and man oh man, am I HOOKED! I loved this place so much that I returned twice during my 4 day visit. I used to live on the East coast so I'd travel to Philadelphia quite a bit (and I'd gobble up my weight in cheesesteaks every time). This place doesn't come close to replicating a true Philly steak and cheese but it's by far the best I've had since moving to the Southwest. As a low carb eater, I opted for the double meat classic cheesesteak with provolone cheese, onions and added red peppers without a bun. The hipster dude behind the register didn't blink when I said "no bun". My big pile of tasty meat was served up in a container just like I asked. It was SO GOOD and super well seasoned. The onions, red peppers and cheese were high quality (I almost got Cheez Whiz but changed my mind). It was flavorful and a huge portion that filled me up. I also was bad and redeemed my Yelp coupon for free fries. I don't think these are "hand cut" fries but wow wee they were delicious. Now this is coming from a girl who rarely eats carbs but the fries truly blew my mind. They were salty and crispy and perfect. The guy cooking knows how to make the perfect late-night stoner food. The new space is really big, loud and open. The walls are lined with local art for sale. The atmosphere isn't great -- it's like they are experiencing a huge identity crisis -- but it's a 24 hour late-night restaurant so I can't complain. My one big complaint about the place is that, as others have noted, it's really dirty. Sticky tables, filthy counters, and horrendous bathrooms. Other than the cleanliness issue, this place rocks!
3	This is a place looking for its identity - Restaurant, Sports Bar or Night Club. It's trying to be all three, and as such, not doing the Restaurant piece very well. Big place, quiet, cold and slow during lunch. Had a Cheesesteak (Duh!) with Wiz (which was good) and French Fries (from a frozen bag of shoestrings). While the food wasn't bad, it just wasn't great. Maybe they're a better Sports Bar or club.
4	Today I wanted to go out to lunch and since a conversation with my daughter last week talking about cheesesteaks, I remembered there was a place over in Scottsdale OT that I've been meaning to try for 2 years.  Ok, I'm a procrastinator...Anyway, I hopped in the truck and made the 8 mile drive and I'm glad I did.Really great layout, good feel, I had really good conversation with Nick who was working the counter, and enjoyed a great cheesesteak and fries.I'd probably order it with wiz next time, I had provolone today and would like to see the difference.I'll be making this a regular stop.
5	The best Philly Cheesesteak in the Phoenix Valley! The hoagie roll was fresh baked  and soft. Generous portion of meat. CHEESY. I got "The Works". It came with onion, mushroom, green pepper, and jalapeno. Sandwich so big that it makes 2 meals. Nothing chintsy about this place!!  Lightening fast service!!  Mmmmmm! I'm coming back real soon!!!
4	Love the cheesteaks here especially after a night out.  The new location is more spacious but less convenient for me.  Love that it's open 24 hours.
5	The tastiest midnight grub spot! An all time favorite!
2	OK  not great.  Sorry!
1	I've eaten here before and it was okay.  We just had take out delivered tonight.  We had 3 cheese steak sandwiches and fries.  No complaints on the fries, but the sandwiches were extremely dry.  We're talking you couldn't even swallow your bite without drinking water to wash it down.  Very disappointed and would not recommend.
1	So, I work in the area and I have been looking for a good delivery place. This is definitely not it. I used their website to order online, which all went pretty smoothly. Then about an hour and a half later I called the restaurant to ask where my sandwich was. The gentleman who answered asked to put me on hold, and just set the phone down so I could sit and listen to him talk to the customers in the store. Five minutes later I hung up and called back. At this point I was pretty frustrated. He told me he would call me back when he found out where my food was. When he called back, he said the guy had just gotten back to the shop because he could not find my address, which was about 3 blocks away, and I left additional instructions. Finally my food showed up about 2 and a half hours after I ordered and frankly wasn't very good.I ordered a chicken sandwich and fried zucchini. Both the zucchini and chicken tasted like they came out of a freezer bag and straight into a fryer. Not worth the $14 or the 2 1/2 hour wait..
1	I don't understand how these guys are in business. This place is HUGE. It feels like a warehouse when you walk in. The setup is weird - there are 6-7 tables in half the space on your left next to what looks like an abandoned bar. There's a confusing hostess stand in the entrance that suggests you should wait for someone to seat you and then there's a large counter on the right where you actually order your food. The menu is decent. Zero kids' menu. Prices are good for the amount of food you get.  One person can't (or at least shouldn't) eat a whole cheesesteak. I wasn't in the mood for a sandwich and ordered a salad. I tried my husband's cheesesteak and it was alright - I've never had one before so I have no frame of reference - but I found it greasy. Onion rings were alright, but would have been better if they were house made. Caesar with chicken was boring and tasteless. I want to rate this place higher because the staff was at least nice, but it wasn't the greatest. I think the empty warehouse feel coupled with the literal dirt in the windows, floors and walls was just too much. It feels abandoned when you're inside. The artwork is too high on the walls and the dollar bill stuff going on would be a lot more interesting if they had a little sign up saying what it was... (Presumably from patrons?) And Sweet Jesus, the bathrooms. There was one couple in there besides our table of four. CLEAN THE BATHROOMS. THERE IS PEE ON THE FLOORS AND ON THE TOILETS. THERE IS NO EXCUSE FOR THAT WHEN YOU'RE EMPTY!! Mop your floors in the restaurant! Clean your windowsills - my toddler shouldn't have to be told to put down the dead bug. If the exterior is any indication of what's going on in the kitchen, I don't want to go back. I probably won't.
1	Confirm the other posts. Don't waste your time at this rude place. Show up at their ppen time and doors wide open but tell you they are closed and not even an invite to come back. Good to not need the business I guess.
1	I couldn't wait to get in there for a cheesesteak but when I did all I smelled was smoke.  I assumed it was the nearby bar but my disbelief it was the people in the kitchen making my sandwich.  When I left I confronted them and the manager just looked at me and said Naaahhhh and walked away
1	I don't get to downtown Scottsdale that often so when I go I try to hit some place new. Went here once a few months ago on the recommendation that this was the best cheesesteak around. Found it was just average and decided that maybe it was just an off day. It was slow and there was some issue with the cooks.Found myself in Scottsdale at lunch time so I went back today at 12:10p - the height of lunch rush - the place was closed with mail on the floor. Next to the sign that says 'Open 24 Hours'. What a joke.Avoid this if you want to get decent food and decent service.
1	They never answer their phone for deliveries. One of the only late night spots and they don't answer. How do you expect to get business if you don't answer your phone??
1	Garbage! Not enough meat, forgot cheese and mayo. Then the owner lied about replacing the sandwiches. He wanted us to wait another hours for our sandwiches. Fuck that!
5	I had never had a Philly Cheesesteak before and I wanted to try it but I wanted the real deal. The owner of this place is associated with my church and had done a favor for me so I looked him up and found out that he is actually from Philly. Well I think that's real deal enough for me. My boyfriend and I were out at two in the morning starving and we were near old town so we got out of the car and searched and searched and almost gave up when we found a directory. It was right behind us.So we went in and ordered and I also ordered fried zucchini. Oh. My. God. The sandwich was great but I give my compliments to the chef for that zucchini. I have never had any like it. It was phenomenal. I've had a couple other cheese steaks and none of them have compared. But I think I prefer subs anyway.
