5	Heaven on earth.This place has it all: good burritos, awesome salsa, cold beer, creepy mexican carnival music, and an I (heart) Huckabees Poster in the women's restroom.
3	Chico's Tacos is hidden away in a strip mall right off the corner of 7th Street and McDowell. You can get a burrito, get your taxes done, cash a check, grab a bagel and an espresso before grocery shopping. Neat! Chico's food has always been hit or miss with me. The fresh salsa bar is the stand-out feature, with salsas in varying degrees of intensity (I tend to go for the pico de gallo as, I am sure my friends will attest to, I am a wuss). Menu items include the standard tacos, burritos, chimichangas, quesadillas and nachos. There is also your choice of soda, beer, iced tea and margaritas.I think I had just missed the lunch rush as it was still fairly busy when I went in. The food was prepared quickly, which was good as I was on my way to work and in a time crunch. The chicken chimichanga I ordered was fairly tasty, but a bit on the bland side. The only thing wrapped up in the tortilla (which was swimming in grease inside my to-go container) was cheese and grilled chicken. The side of sour cream helped and the addition of pico de gallo made it much better.Chico's works well as a lunch spot during the work week because of its central location. However, the parking situation leaves a lot to be desired as it's right next to one of the busier intersections in Phoenix.
4	This was one of the first Mexican food places I tried when I first moved to AZ ten years ago.  Back then I knew nothing, now I see that I was lucky to have been taken somewhere that would really get me interested in trying more Mexican restaurants.Well after about 8 years I went back last night and had it again and I was impressed.  The beans were a little bland but that is about the only complaint I have.  The salsas were fresh and delicious as was the tortilla on my fish burrito. I could have just eaten a couple of the tortillas with the salsa.   My boyfriend got three hard shell beef tacos and it was only $3.49 and it came with chips. So not only was it tasty, it was cheap.  It is close to the freeway so even though I don't live very close I will be going back soon.
3	Chico's is popular with me and my lunch clique from work. It's fast, cheap, pretty good, and in the same shopping center as Starbucks (perfect for a post-lunch stop when we want to kill more time before heading back to the office). The chicken soft tacos are kinda bland, but the quesadillas are pretty good. WAY better than Baja Fresh or a place like that. The salsa bar is definitely the highlight of Chico's with a good variety. I'm partial to the pico de gallo myself.  It's a good place to satisfy a Mexican craving when I'm sober.  The only thing I don't like about Chico's is that it's on the corner of McDowell and 7th Street, which makes turning left out of the parking lot almost impossible.
4	Awesome Tacos and great salsa bar... Fast, inexpensive, delicious, and right downtown. A perfect lunch hangout when downtown.
4	I grew up eating Chico's Tacos (I'm not old, lol), and it's definitely one of my favorite quick Mexican food joints. The salsa bar is fantastic. I suggest the beans (no lard!), shredded beef tacos, the Achiote Chicken Salad (yum!), the cheese enchiladas....I need to add though, Management changed last year and they sadly adopted flashy, in-your-face menu boards and jacked their prices a bit. No bueno. I haven't been much since it changed but it's still good.
1	Had this for lunch one day before work - bad move. I was totally useless all afternoon as I felt like I had a brick of acid eating away at my stomach lining.
4	MMM Chicos. I have been coming here for years and it has consistantly been delicious. It is one of the places we bring out of town guests to.This is a pay-at-the-counter type place, but much much better than any type of ____bertos. They have lard free beans and a salsa bar with several different types and they give you chips to munch on before your meal.The portions are extremely generous, especially if you get the california burro. I weighed it and it was literally a pound.The tostadas come in a shell, and are kind of a mix between a tostada and a taco salad, but the veggie tostada is my favorite. get the guac and sour cream and you have the best mexican food around.The California burro and the quesedillas are also really good. My boyfriends mom will drive from Apache Junction just to get the steak quesedilla.The restaurant is brightly colored and has upbeat mexican music playing. Good location with lots of parking, and its right next to a Starbucks.And if my review wasnt enough to convince you, I can almost guarantee that you will see cops eating there if you go. I think that says something :)PS I think they are closed on Sundays
4	Mmmmmmmmm Chico's.  I consider Chico's to be on the high end of the Filiberto's/Eriberto's/Algoberto's type places.  It's good, fast, cheap Mexican food that is heavy and greasy and you want to be sure to have no plans after eating, so that you may lounge around feeling large.   They have a pretty good sized menu, with a few vegetarian options as well.The chips are good, which is a huge deal to me, as many of the fast food Mexican places have terrible chips.  Salsa is even better, and they have several kinds that you can help yourself to.  Add in a cooler full of beer and some Flan, and I'm una huera muy contenta.
4	Chico's is within easy biking distance from my house, so we end up going here when we're starving and not wanting to drive any place. I always load up on the california veggie burrito and my roommate loves the taco salad. We usually end up sharing as there is always way too much food! One complaint - can't we get some ACTUALLY spicy salsa?
5	You can find me here every Tuesday night. You see they have a daily rotating specials menu and it so happens to feature the best veggie burrito (this is saying a lot coming from me, since I am obsessed with burritos and have lived in Phoenix for most of my life) for a little over $5 on Tuesdays! It is so massive.. if you know the size of a Chipotle burrito, imagine that, but doubled! Seriously, it consists of two very large tortillas, which are needed to whole the damn monster of a burrito together. This happens to insure that the contents don't spill out of the tortilla! Genius. I am fairly sure this burrito weighs more than most new born babies.. yes, that's even considering how all the hormones people consume today are making babies larger each year - this burrito would still out weight them my friends!Anyhow, the burrito is large enough to satisfy me for three complete meals. Awesome for $5. The guac that they make is top notch, and their rice is truly amazing. It all tastes very authentic, and I love that I can easily make it vegan since they don't add any secrets into their food. I just have to ask them to hold the cheese and sour cream, and they have never once slipped up on this! Which also keeps me coming back.Oh, and the salsa bar is to die for! I am usually creeped out by salsa bars (think Baja Fresh - yuck) but they actually make some damn good salsas and usually have a bowl of chopped onions... I can never get enough. I think my personal favorite salsa is called something like Salsa Fresca - it's usually all the way to the right. Be sure to try it with your free chips.On top of everything I love about this place is the fact that it is so close that I can walk there in a few minutes. Although I hate strip malls, I am glad that this little joint is downtown and not somewhere completely stupid.Stop by and check it out when you want some affordable, authentic tasting AND high quality Mexican food.
2	I came here after a grueling evening swim practice so I was really hungry - which means anything should taste really good, right? I ordered the carne asada meal, and I have to say that the service was quick and the food was inexpensive. The meal I got, though, was a disappointment. The beef was very dry and tasteless and the rice was dried out, although the refried beans and the soft corn tortillas were OK. Overall, the meal was unsatisfying and I left quite a bit of the meal unfinished. I may try the place again some day as this may have been an off day for the restaurant, but for now I'll have to give it 2 stars.
2	Chico's Tacos is kind of the queenly sister of the chain Mexican restaurants peppered around Phoenix like so many grains of sand in your swimsuit. It is clearly several steps up from your local generic Mexican drive through, but it's still just not tasty.This fact does not dissuade me from visiting Chico's on a semi-kinda-regular basis - it is close to my work, and the wait is generally minimal.  Please keep in mind that my experience is only a reflection of a typical "lunch rush" Chico's environment - the atmosphere is probably different most other times of the day, but I imagine that my observations on the food will hold true regardless of the hour.A quick-talking girl at the counter will hustle and bustle you into making your order as speedily as possible, and will then hand you a slip of paper with your order number on it. We all know how this game goes - hang out, and wait for said number to be called. If you need to be in-and-out quickly, this is a good time to fill up a few little plastic cups with salsa for the road - there is a salsa bar with probably 5 or 6 salsas to choose from, and there will be no salsa already included with your to-go order. I like the salsa bar...it's always clean and well-stocked, and all of the salsas have a good flavor.  Your order will include a meager serving of restaurant-made (but not quite warm and delicious) tortilla chips.I have ordered many things at Chico's, and, okay, I understand - it's a Mexican "grilled" platter, or the entree includes "grilled' chicken, but does everything need to be blackened and charred and dry to the point of an unusual "crunch"? This is where that salsa we discussed earlier comes in. Doused in copious amount of salsa, it's not too bad, but I can't imagine straight-up muching on it without that extra step of preparation.The rice is good. I can't comment on the beans, because I don't eat them!The inside of the restaurant is cute - much nicer than your usual chain, reflete with wooden parrots and brightly-colored tiles. Something about the inside of the building makes it very loud inside at lunchtime - not a spot to sit and bring a book and contemplate the mysteries of and the reality of your newly found adulthood...not that I've, you know, tried that...or anything...
3	So once again this would be part of the top five lunch spots that I drive to weekly as the "lunch b***h" for work. I do like that every time I go in, I am greeted by the same shy girl at the front who basically knows my whole order w/o second glance. I have only tried a few things here, but everything I have tried has been pretty darn good. My bosses, and I particularly, enjoy the chicken salad. Sadly they used to have a $3.99 special, but now it is back to the regular 6-7 bucks. They have a really great achiote dressing and the salads are pretty big. But I have to say I have a new favorite with the shredded beef burro. Classically simple, chunks of beef with beans and cheese. Whatever they marinate their meat is awesome, and I am generally not a meat fan. Long story short, skip the Fili B's on every corner, and venture into the strip mall. Can't beat the $1.99 margaritas either!
4	i picked up a baja fish burrito from here the other day during the lunch rush and the line moved quickly as did my order through the line. while i was waiting i managed to snatch up a dq free blizzard coupon from their coupon wall which i have added to my jewish food stamp book.i took my burrito to go as well as a couple of salsas and a to-go bag of chips (complimentary). got home and wolfed that bad boy down. short and fat little thing, but totally filling. the fish was good and they use cabage in their burritos which i love. fresh, tasty, and filling. i'll be back. especially cuz they dropped a couple of coupons in my bag. incentives like that to come back are always good. and they have 1.99 margaritas. yum.
1	I would not recommend this place at all. I've driven by this place going to work. I picked up food for some co-workers and the chili rellenos had a piece of chewed gum in it. That is the most gross un-hygenic thing a restaurant could possibly do. We were so disgusted that we didn't call and complain. There is no excuse for this! I will never recommend anyone to go here.
1	Not a fan of this place. I stopped by in the evening to grab a quick bite for a couple of buddies and the food was over all not very good. I called the order in and the food still was not ready after 30 minutes. The condiment area was disgusting. I know that it was at the end of the day and people get lazy at closing time BUT, it's still a restaurant!Upon getting home, I was not surprising that the to go containers were poorly packaged  - it seems that mexican food, much like chinese food is suppose to explode in the bag when you take it home. The food is what you would expect from a chain mexican joint. The food wasn't very good. If you are in the area go to Taco Juarez, the food is comparably priced and feels authentic.
4	OK, when I've had a little too much fun ... wink, wink. I know the only thing that will prevent me from having a hangover is the same thing that will cure a hangover: Cheap, greasy food.And nobody does it better that Chico's. Come on, five tacos for $5?The food is great, the service is friendly and fast and the price is right.Let's grab a six pack, six shots of Cuervo and then head to Chico's so we will be ready to do it again tomorrow. What do you say?
4	This place was pretty tasty, especially because my chorizo breakfast burrito was only $3.99. This place isn't the most fancy, but it was clean and the food seemed to be made with good quality ingredients.
2	I thought this place was kind of a ripoff and the food was mediocre at best.  I got the arroz con pollo and a large drink for just over ten bucks which I personally thought was a lot, but I got a couple salsa cups and took a seat.  The salsas were okay I guess, one is called casera and it sure tasted like the Herdez Salsa Casera you get at the grocery store.My lunch arrived and it wasn't quite the arroz con pollo I'm used to.  The rice was completely devoid of flavor, the chicken was a very small portion of thigh meat simply grilled which tasted okay but certainly nothing to write home about.
1	I tried this today. Bout the same as Filibertos and I always feel really bad after eating it. Just like today. Heartburn and just uck. Not good.
3	A gringo friendly Filibertos, with a salsa bar and higher prices is the best way to describe this place. From the outside it looks like a newer cleaner style store front Mexican food place. Inside not much of a surprise, menu above, counter to order and get food at and tables.The menu has Burritos, tacos, salads and enchiladas. Prices are a bit more than expected a lunch will set you back $6-9 w/o a drink. Meals do include a small try of chips if you ask for them. They will also give you two small plastic cups to attack their salsa bar with. The red salsa is nothing special. The green has great flavor,  the picco is nice and fresh.I went with the daily special which was cheese enchiladas with rice and beans for $5.99  In reality this should be a 3.99 dish 4.99 at most. The enchiladas were soft and mushy, likely out of a tray and not made to order.I may go back to try a burrito but I am in no rush. There are plenty of other Mexican options in this area of town.
3	I went back to try it again, Had a fish burrito for 5.59 over $6 with tax.It was "ok" as was my co workers tacos, and just ok for these prices was a let down.Read my previous review for more details on this spot.
3	My co-workers and I like to come here on Taco Tuesdays for their $1 tacos.  You can order either chicken, steak or beef tacos, (3 taco minimum) for a dollar, and you get a side of fresh tortilla chips and you get to choose from their salsa bar. The chicken tacos are definitely the best, the chicken is flame-broiled and you definitely get that flame-broil flavor.  They are on double corn tortillas which is a bit much for me, I can never eat more than two (which is why the three taco minimum kind of sucks, but who can beat $3 for lunch with leftovers?).  The steak tacos are nothing compared to the chicken, the steak just isn't very flavorful, I definitely would not recommend them.  I have never tried the beef, which come on a crisp taco shell.  I tend to prefer soft tacos over hard tacos, so I haven't really been interested in trying the beef.  I think the rest of the menu tends to be a bit expensive for what you get.  I Wouldn't really recommend coming to Chico's unless its for the dollar tacos.The chips and salsa bar is pretty great.  Lots of different types of salsa with varying levels of kick.  This is a great place to come for  a cheap, fast, working lunch!
4	Chico's is delicious and in a convenient location! It's by no means gourmet. But hey, if you're in the area and looking for some decent food at a reasonable price, Chico's is the place.I come here every Tuesday during my class breaks at ASU's downtown campus. I recommend the chicken taco salad :) The shell is crispy and light, filled with creamy refried beans, grilled chicken (sometimes a little too blackened for my taste), lettuce, tomatoes, cheese, and sour cream. They also have a wide variety of fresh salsas at their salsa bar!
4	When I used to work in Phoenix this was my favorite mexican food place to eat.  They have delicious food for good prices.  I always got the grilled chicken platter.  Soooo delicious!Their salsa is addicting as well.  I want the recipe!  If you are in downtown Phoenix I would definitely recommend you trying it out.  Makes me wanna work closer so I can go there every day.
5	Excellent food, portions and value!!!  Don't let the unconventional locale fool you...Definitely a must-stop whenever in the 7th St & McDowell vicinity.  Go for any of the asada and pollo plates and nachos...You won't be disappointed!
4	What I love about Yelp is that you will find hole in the wall spots that you would never try if not for the "Nearby" search and prior reviewers telling you, "it's okay, try it!"The grilled chicken burrito I had was delicious. What makes their burritos is the tortilla!  Their tortillas are the best I've had in a long time. Add the great salsa bar (small but fresh) and you have a great local neighborhood gem.I would warn that my burrito was chuck full of grilled dark meat, which I love but isn't for everyone.  The smoky flavor from the grill makes the chicken extra flavorful.  It also had delicious Mexican rice & just enough melted cheese.Their salsa was so good I finished every chip!  This place would be compared to a locally owned Baja Fresh, but so much better ingredients and true Mexican flare, right down to the mariachi music being piped in!  You order at the counter and listen for your number to be called.  The staff is great and constantly milling around clearing and cleaning tables.Thanks Chico's I'll be back.
3	Been here a few times. I usually get the tacos, (hey it's in the name), but this last time I got taquitos. They pretty good, albeit small. I also asked for no onions or tomatoes in the gauc, and they came with it anyway, but whatever.
3	My go-to Gringo-Mex place on the way into work.This stems from lazy, and nothing more. The places I'd prefer are either out of the way, take too long for spur-of-the-moment food, or are located in a manner making it inconvenient to get directly to work.That said, it's easy to get in and out of when I am headed west on McDowell.The prices are fair, the portions are large and the food is fresh. From time to time, it's even flavorful!Would I rank this among the best Mexican food in town? Not a chance!Would I rank this place among the best Gringo-Mex places in town?  Nope.Is it clean and fast and completely serviceable to eat at my desk? You bet!
3	$1 Tacos on Tuesday are great!!  Good size and plenty of meat in them...
1	What's worse than a chain taqueria with no ambiance, really bad tasting food, and rude staff? Nothing. I almost never eat at these big chain half-fast food restaurants. I didn't have high expectations, but I thought it would be better than taco bell. Wrong. The tacos I got on taco tuesday tasted terrible, and then gave me about 12 hours of food poisoning.Go to a mom and pop taco shop and avoid this place like fire avoids water.
3	Definitely a place for take-out rather than dine-in, Chico's is not a chain as at least once recent reviewer has stated.  It is family-owned and non-franchise.  I highly recommend ordering the following:  ranchero-style carne asada burrito fixed enchilada-style.  It's deliciously saucy, not on the menu, and the only thing I'm interested in at Chico's.  It should make your day (or at least your lunch).  One last piece of advice:  Unless your in a pinch, don't bother with the breakfast burritos.
3	Obviously this isn't the most authentic Mexican place you could go to eat at, but it definitely is good. I had the Achiote Grilled Chicken Salad which was super yummy. The salsas are okay--the red one is my favorite. My friend had the tostadas and she said they were good. I would come here again for a quick lunch.
4	This place is so bomb!!!! But surprisingly there is never any people inside eating? Maybe I'm not coming during the rush but I'm not complaining at all. There baja fish tacos are like crack to me. SO GOOD!! There chips are addicting. Just the right amount of salt to go with there even better tasting salsa bar
4	I love their grilled chicken salad. The chicken has so much flava and that sauce makes it super yumm. We love this local neighborhood spot.
4	Recently a friend at the gallery was very excited because it was Dollar taco night a Chicos.  That is fine if you have any idea of where it is.  Turns out I had been by there more then a few times when I went to the Safeway and Subway at 7th st and McDowell.  It's a little place in a very small strip center.  It's very much a neighborhoodplace,  clean with an upbeat atmosphere and a few tables outside.  That's about all I can say about the setting.I was surprised by the variety of meats that one can get on the tacos.  The tacos aren't  to exciting but on the whole are fresh and have a good flavor better than I would have expected.  That is all I had but from what I saw of the meals around me, hey looked pretty good as a whole.I will go back to Chico's.  It definitely has fare that is better than the local fast food in the same price range.  Not an exciting place but pleasant to think of returning to.  I went there after a very long day so that is saying something.  Just the enjoyment of quite of the few people just sitting down and having a good time rubbed of on me.  I needed it!
2	We (my friends and I) really only go here on Tuesday nights for their 99 cent taco Tuesday special. My friends had been going here forever for this special and we decided to make it a weekly thing. This has been going on for a while now and I've since tried all their tacos. I'm sad to say that most of them are just "okay". The one that stands out above the rest is the shredded beef taco. The beef is seasoned well and is tasty.One time we went I didn't feel like eating tacos so I got their steak burrito. It was not very good. The rice that came with my combo was bland and barely edible. I actually left most of the burrito and all of the rice on my plate. I left feeling unimpressed and still hungry. Another time I got the chicken achiote salad. It was delicious. If you decide to eat here, it's probably the only thing I would recommend. Other than the daily specials they run, this place is pretty expensive for the quality. That salad and a bottled mexican Coca Cola ran me more than $10. Same thing for the burrito combo. The tacos seem to be the only economical choice they offer.No matter how good the service is I don't think that I would ever give Chico's 5 stars, but they lost a 3rd star from me because the last 3 times I've been in there, the older lady who works at night on Tuesday has goofed up my order. Yes, 3 times. 3 weeks in a row my order was messed up. I don't know if maybe she is new and hasn't gotten the hang of it yet, or if she just wasn't paying attention to me when I was placing my order. I could understand more why my order was goofed if I had ordered something ridiculous with lots of substitutions, but I didn't. The last time my order was messed up it took them 15 mins AFTER they realized their mistake to remedy the situation. By that time my friends were all done eating the 3 tacos they had ordered. I don't mean to make it sound like a bigger deal than it is, but because my order was messed up so many times it makes it hard for me to want to continue giving them my business, especially since I'm not that crazy about their food in the first place. I'm sure I'll be back again, as tacos are really the highlight of an otherwise boring Tuesday. But if my order gets messed up again I think I'll just suggest to friends that we do taco Tuesday at another Mexican restaurant. That'll probably take some convincing though, they love this place. I'm still trying to figure out why.
4	I have been riding by this place when visiting Safeway and finally decided to try it for breakfast after boycotting America's.  I was not disappointed.  The ham breakfast burrito I had was very filling.  My wife had the Chorizo breakfast burrito and it did not disappoint.  Most importantly we were greeted with a smile and warm welcome.My second time here was the same.  I decided to try the Wednesday special, Arroz con Pollo and my wife had the chicken chimi.  We again were satisfied.  I hate to compare Chico's to a Filiberto's but it is similar in style but provides a better product and friendlier staff.I am looking forward to spending happy hour here one day as it runs from 3 - 7pm and offers $2 imports and margarita specials.  If you have not checked Chico's out, just do it!  When there don't forget the salsa bar.Thank you Chico's we will be back.
3	Cheap food, yummy tacos, generous portions, excellent salsa bar and lard free beans. AND THEY HAVE BEER. Enough said.
2	Awful.  Gross.  Disappointing.A co-worker and I weren't in the mood for Subway, McDonald's, or Einstein's, so we decided to try Chico's Tacos - a place I'd driven by many times but hadn't tried before.  The items on the menu looked decent enough, and I settled on the shredded beef taco platter and ordered it to go.I got back to work and settled in to try my meal.  The tacos were actually not in pre-formed taco shells, but instead looked like they were freshly made and fried.  Sadly, there was hardly any meat in either, and most of each taco was the shell.  They had good flavor, but the fact that they each fell apart and broke onto the styrofoam plate below sort of ruined them.  The beans and ride were both inedible.  the beans were overcooked and had a slightly burned flavor, with a layer or congealed cheese over the top.  The rice was mushy and bland, except for the top-most layer, which was over-seasoned with cumin.  I was given a small bag of tortilla chips, and those were passable.  Including a large fountain drink, I paid $10.62.I won't be back, especially when there's a Filibertos just down the road.
5	I've been passing the place for a long time, then tried it because the Subway line was out the door. Tries the Achiote Salad and I've been buying that salad at least four times a month. You can't beat the prices for the amount of food on the plate and there's enough of a selection for the kids to enjoy something too.
2	We usually go there as an office for lunch  a few time a month but today we had an in-house meeting so we ordered.  Got there and the order was ready but the number of cups they would only give  for as much as we ordered was a far cry from past exp.   Ask for chips and threw in one bag, then upon returning to the office we where short on food.  Called back and got their "FULL" voice mail finally got through and when I said the order  was not complete the call dropped twice.  Very disappointing
4	Arroz con pollo platter!
1	Stopped by during a brief trip to the area. The food here was very heavy of lard, or whatever they use to cook everything in. Made me slightly ill from sitting in my tummy undigested. Blah. I'll pass next time.
4	I like this place. It has some decent fast Mexican food. The chicken is delicious. I do love the greasey foods when the craving calls for it. I recommend the Asada Platter or the Achiote Chicken Salad. That is my absolute favorite. And don't skip on the Churros.
3	Nothing fancy, but generally filling and not bad. Tonight's Arroz con pollo provided a decent, filling, tasty and inexpensive meal.  The dining area was (and is usually) clean, and the men's room is adequate, seems sanitary and has always been stocked with the necessities.  Several specials a week make the place even more extraordinarily affordable than it already is.  I've certainly experienced better - but considering every meal is a value at Chico's, it's A-OK.
5	I have to force myself to limit how often I come to Chico's, because it's so good. First off they offer chips and a trip to the salsa bar right after you pay for your order. This way you get a quick appetizer and something to keep you entertained while they cook your order. But there's only one thing I order each time I come here, Nachos! This place has the most delicious plate of nachos that I've come across in the area. Of course the serving size is generous, I usually make it a point to not finish the plate, it's so big. It has the standard toppings, the beans are good, the red sauce that they drape over it is great. But what makes these better then most is first the cheese, love the flavor and their not afraid to pile it on. But what wins me over every time is that they cook the plate in a broiler, which makes it all nice and hot, melts, crisps up the cheese and the chips. The combination of it all is a heavenly splurge that doesn't hit a spot, but burns a new special place of its own into your gastronomic mind! So beware... Staff here has always been nice, I've never had an order go wrong, never had an issue on quality or consistency.
5	Went here with a friend of mine that has been here quite often in the past. I can see why he likes it. I had two soft tacos, a carne asada and a grilled chicken. They both tasted great, had fresh garnishes, and a good amount of cheese without being overwhelming like some places are. Free salsa bar with good choices, and if you're a drinker they also serve margaritas and had several varieties of beer for sale. Planning to take my daughter here in a few weeks when I'm up this way again.
5	ok ok , i have to say the best taco's i'm sorry but i can eat this all day no joke add a coke to that please ;]
3	I am an avid Mexican Food Eater so this restaurant honestly caught me off guard a little bit and I have dined here twice, once by myself for lunch and then once for dinner with my boyfriend. I originally discovered it with the intention to go to Subway (next door) but then decided to try this place instead. The restaurant is a decent size but definitely gives off that hole in the wall mexican vibe that always makes me excited to taste their food. The staff there is decent, they were not overly helpful but not downright rude either. I was a little put off the first time I went there because their credit card machine was down and so they asked to write down my card information and charge me the following day (but in the end that's exactly what they did and I didn't have any issues with it). So I agreed and ordered the cheese enchilada meal with rice and beans. I feel like for what I received it was a little overpriced. The enchiladas were pretty good as were the beans and rice (with salsa from their salsa bar of course). I really enjoyed the salsa bar. The second time I went for dinner with boyfriend and ordered the taquitos. Again a little overpriced for what I got but they weren't terrible. My boyfriend got the taco dinner and he enjoyed it. Overall the food is average and a little overpriced but decent if you have limited time and need a Mexican Food fix.
1	Do not eat here any place that has bugs climbing in its dinning room means bugs in the kitchen. Will never ever eat the food here!
1	We ordered the "California Vegetarian Burrito w/ enchilada sauce." Took two bites and asked for our money back. Seemed like the strategy was to hide the taste of old food with onions.  The enchilada sauce was dark brown and had mystery chunks in it, and tasted burnt. Three times the price of Taco Bell and half as good.
5	Great mexican food and great salsa! They have an excellent breakfast burrito and lots of lunch specials. I love going here but the food is so intense i usually want a nap afterwards.
4	It was pretty dang good.Taco Tuesday for two bucks a taco... three of these are plenty big.Why write more? It's just a taco. It's good. Try em out.
4	This place offers decent food at a great price. Every Tuesday is "Taco Tuesday" - $2.00 tacos. The portions are good and the staff is friendly. I usually order their tacos with corn tortillas. Their salsa bar is fresh and clean. The atmosphere is funky and the restaurant was clean. The manager told me they do offer catering and they have a separate menu for that.
1	Paid 10.49 for unedible 2 taco plate which i threw  away. complained to staff and was offered something else which i declined but no refund. meat tasted very bitter and left bad taste in my mouth. It was truly horrible tasting. Worst mexican food I ever had this place is going on my NEVER again list. Go taco bell its better. Also there was very loud construction jackhammering  going on in the back which ruined the visit as well.
5	These are the best tacos I've had since moving to Phoenix, and Taco Tuesday makes it a great deal too. The shredded beef tacos are the best, and they'll send you home with chips and salsa too (the hot red salsa is a delight)!
5	Everything went better than expected!We went here for lunch the other day after the original place we picked was too busy. By the looks of it I thought it would be a fast food style Mexican restaurant similar to el pollo loco or something like that so my expectations were not high. I was presently surprised. Walking in there was lots of room but not very busy. The menu was well displayed. I went with the Achiote chicken salad which was quite good. I spiced it up a little with some salsa from their well equipped salsa bar. Although the salad was good I soon regretted my decision as I sampled my friend's baja fish tacos. I love fish tacos. I REALLY love fish tacos. If my life was a video game their would definitely be a side mission that entailed trying fish tacos at every restaurant in the game. Anyway, the fish tacos were delicious. Everything I could've hoped for. A very classic fried fish taco. Now I can't stop thinking about fish tacos. Review over. I'm going to lunch.
1	I stopped in here today for lunch since I was in the area. The service was friendly and nice. I ordered the carne asada tacos. First I got chips and went to the salsa bar. The chips were noticeably stale, but the salsa was good. The carne asada tacos were gross. The meat tasted spoiled, the texture was weird and it was greasy. I was very hungry but could only stomach two bites. The beans were runny and tasted bad. I will not be back here again.
2	Stopped at this place on the way to PHX airport.  Looked like a local joint but got inside and realized it is probably a chain.  The salsa is accessible and acceptable.  I got my tacos to go.  No lengua or barbacoa and that clued me in that it must be a chain and sanitized to some degree.  Plus the fact that some non-hispanics were working behind the counter.  Got the airport and looked at the tacos and realized that the chicken was overcooked and the chunks too large for a taco.  Anyway, not the great Mexican food I have grown accustomed to when traveling in AZ.
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would. This place has got to be the most disgusting Mexican place I have ever ate at!!!! Their meat was overcooked and flavorless.  Salsa had no flavor at all!! Even their tortillas were bad!! So please don't listen to want anybody else has to say about this place.  It should be illegal to sell food this bad!!!
4	I enjoy Chicos Tacos when I am downtown.  Delicious!
3	Went in specifically for the 5.99 taco deal advertised online.  Went in and they would not honor it...said it was wrong and deal was now 6.99.  I pulled up "their" website and showed it to them...still, no remedy.  The food was good and price was decent, but I think they should have honored the price advertised and change it later.  That would have been good customer service.  Other than that, no other major complaints.  I was though, reminded that they were closing in half an hour when I told them I would be dining in.
4	Today, my son and I had the 5 taco deal for $7 and their chorizo and egg breakfast burrito for dinner. The food and service was very good. I used my $10 for $7 coupon from Yelp and when I asked for extra chips, they were nice to give us more. I am liking Chico's Tacos more every time we visit.
2	First time here and Not a fan. This place has been here forever. There must be something good here if they are still open. Well to be honest I will not be back. . Hope you continue stay open for many more years. :)
4	OK, The last time I went in there were a couple of big differences:- The store hours have shifted much earlier than before, some nights closing as early as 5 PM (although this is to accommodate opening early for breakfast now)- All the regular staff behind the counter are gone...the replacements are friendly and efficient enough, but so far it's just not the same.- Taco Tuesday is still a deal, but the prices of each taco if you buy 3 or more have spiked from $.99 to $1.29.Having said all this, the tacos were fantastic, as were the chips/salsa. I coincidentally happened to run into one of the old staff at another business a few days ago, and she advised me that this McDowell location is under new ownership and that the owners are changing things to make it more like another location that they own in Ahwatukee. As long as the food stays tasty I will continue to come back, but I just hope that they don't move the closing time any earlier during the week!
1	Gross. I had a vegetarian burrito and to tell you the truth ive had better burritos at taco bell. I threw it away after 2 bites. Even the tortilla wasn't cooked all the way. My boyfriend had fish tacos and although edible we can make them better at home useing just the microwave.  It was horrible and I won't ever be back.
