3	Good, not great.  I love the interior. The big square bar is nice with the 3 HD screens to hold your attention. They also have like a 'BBQ Bar' where you can sit at stools and watch the cooks prepare your entree of choice in front of you. Ordered the City Smoke Chicken wings for $5. They were served hot and tender. They were accompanied by blue cheese and 'Devil's Butter'. Def worth the $5, but not exactly the greatest wings Ive ever had. For my entree I ordered Kansas City Slathered ribs. The half rack was $13, the full was $19. The ribs were def tender and moist. I got Mac-n-cheese and baked beans as an appetizer. I dunno, for some reason I wasn't a fan of the Mac-n-cheese. They did something funny with the cheese, didn't taste like something grandma would make. The baked beans were up to standard. Service was great. Music was great. Even though there's still some kinks to be worked out, I'll def be back.
3	I honestly would have probably been in the 2 star range had it not been for the fantastic bar and drink selection.  To begin with the setting is pretty typical of a BBQ joint.  No frills or glitzy or glamorous stuff, just comfy seating and wood/barn'ish decor.  The food just didn't do it for me.  My girlfriend and I decided to split the combo meal which had an assortment of pulled pork, ribs and brisket.  Most memorable was the brisket.  It was flat, very poorly sliced and just not tasty.  The ribs gave the meal a little bit of redemption but overall just not great.The drinks....woah....love it.  Glycol taps?  Nothing better to make your beer ICE cold!  The selections as far as beer are probably as good as any I've seen in Charlotte.  No, they don't have 78 taps, etc. etc. but truthfully I don't want that.  I just want a few great ones.  They have exactly what I like...Bell's Two Hearted, Hopslam, etc.All in all I think this is a great place for happy hour, just not somewhere I'll be going to grub on some BBQ.
3	My boyfriend and I wanted to check out this new place and see how their barbecue was. It was pretty good. He ordered a whiskey, which they have a nice selection of, and I got a tap beer. It was served so ice cold and stayed cold for quite some time. They have daily specials on beer and food up on their chalkboard. Our service was great and the food was served so hot we had to wait a minute to eat it. We started with fried pickles, which had a nice flavor but maybe could be thicker? I ordered the fried chicken (it came with three pieces) and mac and cheese with baked beans. My boyfriend ordered the pulled pork sandwich and fried okra. I really liked the smoke flavor of the pork.
3	Great place for a drink!!  They have free peanuts at the door - yum!  The special taps keep the beer ICE COLD.  They have Son of a Peach on tap which is my new favorite beer, as well as many hard to find bottles.I would say stick to the apps if anything here.  The brisket was lean and looked like they trucked it in.  The cheese muffin that came with the combo tasted days old and dry - so gross.  The mac and cheese looked and tasted like it was out of a box.  Please.  This is the South, don't try to trick us by saying you are a Q joint when your brisket is dry and your mac is out of a box.  I will keep coming in due to the excellent beer choices and the super location.  Overall it is A-OK.
3	This place is pretty good.  Try the combo platter or the Texas dry age rub.  The pinot noir they have in kegs is quite amazing as well their selection of beers that they brew.  The smores brownie is also pretty good.  Not the best place for kids but we did bring my 4 year old in and there was music playing so a bit loud.  Other than that not the best bbq place considering where you are and the options you have but the pinot noir sold it for me regardless and it is easy walking distance from all the hotels.
1	To summarize in 1 word - Awful.I'll start out with the good points:  The chicken was moist and they had ketchup.Bad points:  Food came out luke warm / cold (including the chicken which was moist). Sides were not good (tried the Mac and cheese, Cornbread, beans, okra).  None of us finished our meals, it was pretty close to inedible.The 3 sauces on the table were bad individually, but when combined were not that bad (not good, just not that bad).If someone tries to bring you here talk them into going to Queen City Q instead. You'll get a great meal there.I am not sure why so many people wrote bad reviews and gave 3 stars.
4	First time in Charlotte i decided to try this place since it was near my hotel..Good beer selection; didn't recognize the names but they all looked cool (interesting names) and pretty inexpensively priced. The waitress was really helpful with selecting beer and food options. She said the fried oysters were popular. I love me some oysters but I usually eat them raw and these were breaded and fried which took some getting use to. I really wasn't too impressed; I had to put hot sauce on it to be able to eat it! It was just a weird combo of mush and the fried breading so I couldn't eat it. I can't tell if it was how it was made or if it's just me. I wanted to try the pulled pork and ribs but there was no combo for it but she let me order the ribs and a side of pulled pork. They had a good selection of sides but she suggested the mac and cheese and fried okra so I went with it...the okra was surprisingly good and the Mac and cheese was disappointing. The crunchy topping on the mac and cheese makes it good but the cheese was really weird. I was really sad about the pulled pork; I imagine meat that is soft and shreds easily and that was not the case. I got large clumps of pork that wasn't soft at all, was hard to pull apart and had ok taste. The ribs made up for it though! I tried all 3 kinds and the menu really describes them well! The ribs had good flavor and the BBQ sauces they serve is really good! Meal comes with Texas toast which is good too. All in all it was a good meal but I would only come back for the beer and ribs (if I'm ever back in Charlotte that is).
1	Terrible food, cold bread and buns. Grill marks on cold dry bread. My friend asked for a sample of brisket before ordering a platter and was told no. You can tell they do not know BBQ or sauces. Nice bar.
3	I came during my lunch break, so this will be a very quick review -- I will go back and elaborate on this later.  In short, while this may be a decent restaurant, I wouldn't really call it a BBQ joint.Highlights:Sauce and seasoning pairings on the ribs are spot on!  Good slaw (vinegar-based) and potato salad (mayo/cream based).Friendly service.Needs improvement:Price point is a bit high for what you get.Would prefer spare ribs over loin backs (or at least offer the option).Location of the restaurant does not allow for true smoking of the meat.Other info to know:The address states 100 N. Tryon, but the entrance is located at the corner of Trade and College.
2	Varnished floors plus no rubber stoppers on the chair legs made for a very dangerous dining experience.  We were shown to a bar high table with high wooden stool-chairs.  Everyone in our party had a hard time getting up onto the chairs as they were slip sliding around as we tried to sit down.  During dinner I made the mistake of shifting forward on my chair and it completely slipped out from under me.  I fell 4 feet and landed on my back on the floor in front of the busy restaurant.  Luckily I was not hurt too badly but one of the waitresses told us it had happened the day before to someone else. Food was not that great.  No plans to return anytime soon.
5	Best thing about this place is the staff.  The bartenders and servers are very knowledgeable about their food, sauces and alcohol.  I love the fact they have all NC draft beer on special on Mondays for $3.50 and served ICE COLD out of the glycerin taps! One of their specialty drinks, the bacon infused bourbon bloody mary is AMAZING.  Definitely not your typical bloody mary made with vodka.  Just enough heat in this bloody mary and that trace of bacon flavor will make you want a second or even a third!Lunch turnover is fast!  If you want an fabulous meal without having to get fast food, this is the place.  In and out in less than half hour!
3	I must say I was surprised to see so many negative comments.  I went for a weekday lunch and here's my take:--Pulled pork - was good.  Tried all 3 sauces and they were ok, no great.  There was no 'hot' sauce, though, for those who like the red hot version.--Mac&cheese - I agree with previous comments.  It was OK, but too velveeta-y.--Cheese grits - fabulous.  Like dessert, almost, due to (I'm sure) the amount of butter.--Fried okra - good.  Sprinkled with a spice with a bit of a kick to it, so it had a nice flavor.--Meal served with texas toast.  In my opinion, that's just a waste of time and food; can't imagine how much of that stuff they throw out.  A BBQ plate should be served with cornbread.  In fact, cornbread should be a freebie for the table.--I appreciate that soft drinks are served in a small bottle with a cup of ice - it's better flavor than a fountain drink; however, I missed the free refills.  Our waiter did explain that an additional drink would cost us and offered to bring water instead.Service was good.It's not like there's a plethora of good BBQ joints in this town (ironically), so until I try Queen City for comparison, I'd call this a nice place to grab lunch.
2	I wanted to love this place.....but I barely LIKE it. Went for lunch and ordered the Brisket sandwich. Now just down the street is Queen City Q, and they have an AWESOME brisket, so I was expecting something at least comparable. When I got the sandwich, it was drenched in "Brisket sauce" which is an Eastern NC-style vinegar sauce which I do NOT like (sorry to all my vinegar-lovin' brothas). But, most places I've been to put it on the side. Not City Smoke. But they DO give you 3 OTHER styles of sauces.....One has to wonder who's mental brain fart it was to 1) Drench the damn sandwich with a sauce you may or may not like, then 2) offer 3 other sauces??? I mean, WHY NOT PUT THE DAMN SAUCE ON THE SIDE LIKE EVERYONE ELSE???OK, sauce story aside....the brisket itself COULD have saved the sandwich. But it didn't. It was OK, but that's it...OK. I just had Sauceman's Brisket this past weekend and it blew this place OUT OF THE WATER!Because it's close to work, I may try it again.....maybe the pulled pork. But the brisket certainly didn't cause me to climb Mt. Everest that's for sure.
1	I came here for lunch for the first time and can say I won't be coming back anytime soon. The food was just OK and the portions were noticeably smaller than other BBQ joints in the Charlotte. The service, however, may have been the worst I've experienced since moving to the city. The guy seemed like he was just having a bad day - he was short when asked questions, our drink refills came with our check, etc. I'm pretty sure he didn't crack a smile the whole afternoon. I would have liked to come back to check out the happy hour scene since their bar looked really impressive but I will pass on that. As for my next BBQ fix, there's plenty of other (and better) BBQ joints in the city.
3	I stopped by this place as I was waiting for some friends uptown before we made our way to our final destination for the night for dinner.  I sat down at the bar and ordered a beer from their wide range of options.  They must have 10 or 12 taps of local/regional craft beers.  Since we had plans for food later, I didn't order anything else, but man the restaurant sure smelled good with smokey BBQ aromas.  Overall the drink and food menus look promising and I will likely return to at least try some of the food.My friends showed up, and we had another drink and made our way to our dinner destination.
2	I was not dazzled by the food.  The place is quaint for an uptown spot.  The food is definitely overpriced. I will not return on my dime, it would have to be someone else's.
2	This was a real disappointment.  While it is in a great location - right downtown Charlotte, the food was pretty mediocre. I ordered the grilled Ceaser salad with pulled pork. There was a good amount of meat, but it was dry and pretty bland. The salad was watery and I saw no evidence of the "slightly charred" lettuce leafs. I tasted my friend's brisket , and it was even drier than my pulled pork. The service was ok, but if you want some good BBQ, I'd steer clear of this restaurant.
1	City Smoke kinda goes up in flames.  We showed up around 7pm on a Friday night, and our first clue should have been that the restaurant was almost empty.  However, we were hungry, so we threw caution to the wind, grabbed two bowls of peanuts, and were shown a table.  After deciding not to throw our shells on the floor, we perused the menu.  As a place that quickly establishes itself as a BBQ joint, the menu seems disjointed; oysters on the half shell and peel & eat shrimp co-mingle with sliders on the appetizer menu, and shrimp & oyster po-boys are listed above the omnivores' pork, chicken, and brisket sandwich options.  But the true blasphemy surfaced once the meal arrived.  Y'all, the mac & cheese was NOT GOOD.  Grainy, tasteless, and altogether sub-par macaroni and cheese is unacceptable in a BBQ restaurant.  And the fried okra was overly salty without packing much flavor.  At the end of the day, it doesn't matter how great the meat is at a BBQ joint (and keep in mind, City Smoke's meat is nothing to write home about); if your sides aren't stellar, you might as well shut down shop.  Between the four of us, we ordered the brisket, rotisserie chicken, and pulled pork, but no one was overly complimentary of the meatsplosion on the table.  We had three sauce options: one was vineagar based, and the other two tomato-based ones tasted almost exactly the same.Our service was okay, but I think that's mostly attributed to the fact that our server only had one or two other tables to attend to.  Maybe City Smoke burned brightly at one point, but the flame has died.
2	I was disappointed. Started with the homemade chips with bleu cheese, descent taste, but chips should have been hot or at least warm. Had the Brunswick Stew, it was unlike any that I have ever had, and I don't mean that in a good way. If you are going to advertise a classic dish, serve it. This was merely a bowl of old meat and bean soup.The shrimp and grits were actually quite good, nice flavor and consistency. The Jalapeno Cheddar cornbread arrived after all the other dishes and having to ask if it were coming. Don't bother, poor flavor, texture, and portion size, three strikes.Service was prompt and friendly, atmosphere was nice but I will definitely not be returning.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE! Chris R. was right on time with his review! We had the same experience with 6 people all with 6 different meal choices.  The obvious clue should have been how empty they were on a Sat night.  Keep walking when you see this place, no wait, RUN!  Cold buns, cold wings, cold BBQ, but I will admit the baked beans were hot and decent, but watery... How do you stay open when you don't cook food to the right temp, I'm pretty sure they are microwaving left-overs! Service was aweful, didn't refill our drinks at all while we were there for an hour, no knowledge of the menu!  Take it from someone who eats Lexington BBQ a few times a month.... This place sucks all around and I hope they go out of business, then maybe someone who knows how to cook can move into this corner I go by numerous times a weekend. It's insulting they would even try to sell what prepare or actually don't.
4	I ate here hoping to eat some great bbq. I ate the fried catfish and bbq beans. To me it was way to greasy. The restaurant was in the corner and had TV's which was really nice, but I wish they served more so I could appreciate the goodness of the food. I ordered some wings and i ate the large bbq wings which was really good. My friend had a bacon burger and that was pretty greasy. But overall it was a big burger that tasted great! If your trying to catch a game and get food, definitely go to this place. You will enjoy it.
4	Stopped in with my wife on Wednesday night before a Bobcats game. Service was excellent, the waitress was attentive and had our order out quickly. Burger and fries delivered! My wife enjoyed her brisket sandwich and macaroni and cheese.
4	I must say I underestimated this place, I went in with very low expectations based on the reviews.  I did everything I could to get out of the group luncheon but ended up enjoying my pulled chicken sandwich with one of the sauces on the table and I really wanted a plate of the pickled okra that they serve with the sandwiches.....it was so very good.  Not sure about the rest of the food but everyone in my group really enjoyed what they had.
4	Stopped in Saturday before the Checkers game.  Bar tender (Seth) was friendly and provided good, quick service. Ate at the bar so Seth was our server.Deviled egg appetizer was yummy. We enjoyed the oyster po'boy and spend a lot of time in New Orleans so we know good po'boys. Defiinitely will stop back.
4	We had an early Monday evening dinner with two adults and two young kids.  We were staying at the Hilton City Center across the street and had been walking and sightseeing all day.  Dinner right at 5, close to the hotel sounded just right.  We were trying to avoid chain restaurants, and with the exception of breakfast, Uptown Charlotte makes it an easy thing to do, outside of Epicentre across the street.  Being so early for dinner, we pretty much had the place to ourselves.  Hubby and I each had a beer, light for him, dark for me.  We went with the waiter's suggestion on both and he did good.  We both had beers new to us and were both happy with them.  (Mine was the Duck Rabbit Milk Stout- good stuff!)  The waiter was very friendly and good with the kids.  He made some suggestions and answered questions about options for the kids, since there were no kids' menus.  (They must usually be on the placemats, because he said they had "run out" of kids' menus.)  Once they heard mac and cheese the kids were taken care of, on top of all the peanuts.  I had a cheeseburger with fried pickles and comeback sauce and fries.  The fries were good, the burger was ok.  I'd like to say I liked it better, but the meat wasn't very flavorful, (despite being ground chuck and house ground brisket as the menu says.)  The sauce was a little overpowering.  Couldn't even taste the fried pickles, which were the reason I picked it.  Not bad, but not great.  Hubby had a pulled pork sandwich which he said was really good.  He liked the choice of the sauces on the table.  Vinegar style, KC style spicy and City Smoke sweet.  The mac and cheese the kids had was really good.  (Thankfully not Kraft style, which we had been given all vacation!)  The kids weren't crazy about the crispy cheese crust on the top, but were happy to share that part with me!Overall, I'd definitely stop in here again.  They seemed to be trying hard, I'd just order something else.  I liked that we were made welcome, even towing a couple littles along with us.
3	Perhaps I should have ordered ribs or a burger with some bacon and real cheese. You see... I like Mexican food. I'm all about that life; but every once in a while, I crave a burger. So why not try a burger but with a little Mediterranean flavor? Right? Fail. I can't remember what the name of that joint was, but it had feta cheese, lemon and sage aioli, lettuce, and some other stuff. The meat was juicy but had no flavor... AT ALL. I mean, can I get a little salt and pepper on that joint??? The fries weren't really my style. I like the thick cut steak or crinkled cut fries. So they were "Mer". My b/f's burger was pretty good. He had what I should have ordered in the first place cuz it had what?... bacon and cheddar cheese. You normally can't go wrong with that. Either I'm getting that or some ribs. Service was straight and I like people watching, so it was a nice spot to do that.
2	We took some clients out to City Smoke the other night. I can't say that the food was bad, but it wasn't great. This place has a good beer selection and a nice list of bourbon specialty cocktails. As a bar alone, I would give it a higher rating. Nice atmosphere and huge bar area.We started our meal out with the fried pickles, which were pretty good, but the shards of glass that I bit into in one of the pickle slices kind of ruined that. The staff reacted, comped my meal, etc. so I wasn't too upset, but it really did freak me out a bit to spit out a few pieces of glass after I just bit into a fried pickle.But regardless of that event, my opinion of this spot wouldn't change. I would much prefer an NC barbecue restaurant to focus solely on NC barbecue and not try to be a mediocre version of Austin, Kansas City, and Memphis as well. The NC pulled pork was quite good, but the eastern vinegar sauce was horrible. I love Eastern NC style vinegar based sauce, but I don't know who came up with the vinegar crap I tasted there. No flavor at all. The Kansas City sauce resembled nothing like I have ever tasted in my 6 or 7 experiences in KC with their local style barbecue. It tasted like Ketchup when compared to Arthur Bryant's or Gates'. Their own "city smoke" sauce was decent and tangy, but nothing to write home about.On a really positive note, the Brunswick Stew was killer. Probably some of the best I have ever had. It had a nice spicy bite to it and had a bunch of chunks of pulled pork. I could just order a giant bowl of this and I'd be happy!As uptown barbecue restaurants go, I think Queen City Q has this place beat by a long shot. Unless I just want to grab a beer or a bourbon drink, I don't think I will revisit this place.
5	Brought a group of 12 all was great   Superb service!
3	Came here for lunch and got takeout. The waitress was nice and offered me something to drink while I waited for my burger and soup to be brought out. The city burger was large enough, but overall nothing special. Everything was about $11 and it took about 10 minutes. There's a ranch dressing on it which \elevated the  burger but in terms of the meat it was a bit over cooked. It came in a potatoe type bun. Decor seems to be a nice happy our place, they seemed to be focused on the barbeque, but their burgers were nothing to write home about.
4	Great selection of local beers. Nice setup and decor. You must try the deviled eggs with "smoke dust" trust me they're good. Service was great our waiter was extremely attentive. My big negative, 1 bathroom for both men and women tucked down the service hallway.
2	I've been to Mac's, Bill Spoon's, the other Mac's, Queen City Q and then decided to check out City Smoke about a year after it opened.  I'm strictly making my judgement on the mac & cheese and fries because, well, thats whats important to me.  Unfortunately, they didn't win me over.  The mac & cheese wasn't cheesy & creamy enough for my liking and the fries had a bit too much seasoning.  I think I'll stick to Queen City Q when I'm looking for BBQ uptown.
5	After having a pretty upsetting experience at another uptown bbq joint I decided to try city smoke.  Thankfully this was much better than the reviews I have seen.  I must have just come in a good day because we loved everything.  Mac and cheese yummy and soft.  Not creamy like out of the box, seemed a little like custard which surprised me coming from a bbq place, so good!  The side of Brunswick Stew was also very good, meaty and comforting.  I had the brisket which was much better than the last place we went and my girlfriend had the pulled pork, which she couldn't stop taking about.  Upon our servers advice we got the pecan pie for dessert. Wow. Completely made from scratch and you can tell.  It makes it seem like I've never actually had pecan pie before now.  Again, maybe we just got really lucky, I'm not sure what some people didn't like, but we will definitely be back.
3	It was OK, but not amazing. The brisket had an awesome smoke flavor, but was tough to chew and swallow. Perhaps the extra fatty section through out my pieces is an aquired taste. Their BBQ sauce was tasty. If the meat had been a better cut then I would have upped the stars for sure. The atmosphere was nice. I've never slide so much on a wood floor while seated in a chair. Kinda entertaining. Oh.. On a side note, my first time eating pickled okra, and that was yummy.
3	I'm not sure just how qualified I am to judge a BBQ place in Charlotte, being from Seattle myself, but I was reasonably impressed by what City Smoke had to offer.  For starters, their drink menu was pretty impressive, tons of bourbons and some specialty mixed drinks.  I had the Magic Bulleit, which was composed of Bulleit Bourbon (surprise!), ginger, simple syrup, and a splash of soda.  The drink was really good, though a bit under-mixed for my taste (aka, 1-oz shot, not 1-1/2 oz).  Looking over the menu, I really couldn't make up my mind, so I was extremely happy to see the $26 combo plate that they have - pulled pork, brisket, all three types of ribs (Memphis, Kansas City, and Texas - more of that in a moment), and two sides.  I'll be damned if I wasn't going to give that one a try.  So I did...and the behemoth arrived after a short wait.Here are my findings:1. Pulled Pork - A-MAZ-ING...perfectly tender, perfect light smoke flavor, and when tossed in a combination of their vinegar BBQ sauce plus their Kansas City sauce, utterly delectable.2. Brisket - A bit of a miss here for me.  I loves my brisket, and they served up a decent version.  Very nice smoke ring, excellent balance of beef and smoke flavor, but it was really, REALLY dry - almost like they'd sliced it an hour or so before and left it warming.  It was good, but nothing to rave about -- it's also the only part of the meal I didn't finish (well, fries don't count).3) Ribs - Each set had their own unique flavor, but it seemed mostly from the sauce (or lack thereof) rather than a unique preparation of each.  My biggest recommendation is to go fully-sauced or naked - either Kansas City smothered or Texas dry rub.  The Memphis was something a little bit in-between, and suffered for it.  My favorite by far were the Texas dry ribs, but even they were a little over-cooked and more blackened than I typically like my ribs.  The Kansas City were decently sauced, though I still added a little more to it.  The Memphis really needed something to stand out from the other two, and kind of missed the mark there.  Overall, good ribs, but not outstanding.4) Sides - I went with the Lexington Slaw, which was diced cabbage mixed in a vinegar sauce, and their City Smoke Dusted Fries.  The slaw was second only to the pork in sheer BBQ bliss - the balance of the vinegar sauce with the cabbage was absolutely amazing.  The fries were pretty good, but...well, they were fries.Overall, I really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere, but I wasn't as wowed as I really hoped I would be.
3	I went to City Smoke for my lunch one afternoon just to check out places.The brisket philly cheese steak was good but I will have to go back to try out their pull pork and other sandwiches to give them a final rating.I tried the country ham potato salad, which was good to and different!The servers are very attentive and they are looking for you input on how the food tastes. When the lady next to me ordered her pulled pork sandwich, she got a large sandwich versus what I seen in the other places.I will be back to try out other items on the menu.I went back there with the crew. The flavors in the BBQ are ok.Normally the local spices chosen for BBQ come through in the process. Unless I missed something I didn't taste anything.I had the BBQ Pork sandwich. The help was friendly as usual.Oh yea... They are NOT dog friendly. ;-)
3	Went here for drinks and dinner, sat at the bar.  Good beer selection and the bartender was knowledgeable and friendly.  Chicken wings appetizer was outstanding, the best wings I've ever had.   Ordered brisket platter for dinner.  The sides were great, all homemade and very good.  The brisket had a good flavor but was fatty and tough.  They sliced it with the grain, a big no-no.  If not for the beef I'd have given it 5 stars.
2	Had dinner here, nice location, live music was a little loud for trying to talk to your friends.  Craving bbq NC style but I'm not sure this place got it right.  I live in N Florida where we are inundated with various bbq places of every style.  I was expecting more but it was a decent meal.  I actually liked that they didn't give you a ton of food.  Had the pulled pork, carolina slaw and mac n cheese.  All fairly boring. Also ate the pecan pie.  It tasted thawed and the filling was running out of the crust.  That shouldn't happen.  So unimpressed on that.  I will look for something more authentic next time I'm in town.
3	I work downtown; been here two or three times for lunch.Pork BBQ - Their's is good.  Good flavor, several sauces available, and the portions (at least on the Plate) are fine (not heaping, but fine). I've had the Brunswick Stew.  Okay, so simply based upon my experience and input from friends, Brunswick stew is usually thick and not soupy.  The stew is soupy here - i.e. it has a lot of broth.  But, get this now... I've ordered it twice because it's good.  So it may not look like what you're expecting when you get it, but give it a try.Collard greens were good.  There seems to be a lot of stems, but then, not everybody  makes the effort to pull some out.  Good flavor!All in all, this is a convenient spot for good BBQ in the center of downtown Charlotte.  Fortunately for us here in the queen city, we now have two options available!!If you do go, get the deviled eggs appetizer.  They are good!One thing to note... if you order a soft drink, you're buying a bottle.  That's it.  So your refills are limited to your bottle.  Want more? Buy another.  I don't care for this approach.The wait staff was very nice, friendly and informative.  Not terribly attentive, but then they don't have to do refills either. ;-)So, I like this place and will most likely be back.
3	I'm a barbecue nut and always seek out the local joints wherever I go.  I figured I'm coming to NC and since I love NC style cue I'd have a great time.   Unfortunately in an area that is full of good cue - this was only okay.   I wished I had gone elsewhere as soon as my Brunswick Stew came out.  It was thin and waterly with very little flavor.   I have eaten BStew all over the south and this was in the bottom 5 that I've had.   I also had the pulled pork and it was only passable.    The atmosphere was fine and obviously caters to the young after work crowd which is fine.  They had live music in the form of a guitar player.  That was enjoyable and the beer selection was good.   I just wish the cue was better.  If it was then this place would be a hit.  Would I return - no.
1	I went there before a concert with reservations for a party of 6.  The waitress was frazzled but kept getting everyone else worked up as well.  It took over an hour for the first 2 out of the 6 beers to arrive.  When the food came almost 90 minutes after ordering the orders were all wrong and it was cold.  We asked for a manger several times from our waitress as well as other staff.  Our request was in a respectful demeanor and we didn't talk down to anyone.  The manager never came.  I also wrote a note through the website several weeks ago (this was the night Pearl Jam was in town) and they never responded.  It's one thing to have a bad night with a sub par waitress but its clearly not an off night when the manager hides from a circumstance like this and won't respond.
3	The beer and bourbon selection is very good.  The beer isn't terribly priced but the bourbons are.  I ordered the half rib sampler.  It was 1 half slab of ribs with the different sauces on it.  The ribs are loin runs, smaller bones but fattier. They were good. The grid were good and the okra was tray.  Wife ordered fried chicken with Mac and cheese. The chicken was pretty good, not prices chicken coop good, but freshly pan fried. The Mac n cheese was terrible.  Not enough cheese was and gritty.Service was good and helpful.  It's just OK food though. That needs to improve to get more stars.
3	Rotisserie pulled chicken sandwich, awesome. Mac-n-cheese side, awesome. Noise level above engine of a 747, not awesome.
4	Good place...good fun, especially if you like a variety of different BBQ preparations and Whiskey!Service is so-so...seemed a little understaffed. Decent live music - went on a Wednesday night.Try the ribs...variety with Texas, Memphis and KC were really good.
2	I was not impressed with the BBQ. I had  the cue combo which had pulled pork, brisket and Memphis, Texas and Kansas City Style ribs. The waiter made a big deal of telling us that the ribs were all St. Louis cut ribs regardless of style. SL cut ribs are larger and meatier. What we got were  short puny ribs with little meat on them, the size of baby backs. They tasted ok but nothing special. When we pointed out they were not the size he had stated, he had no explanation for it. The pulled pork was decent, the brisket was very tough. We had 3 sides-fries, collard greens and creamy grits which were good.  The waiter was apologetic, offered us some kind of card to come back to get a free sandwich, but I honestly don't see myself returning there anytime soon. Midwood Smokehouse does BBQ much better, IMHO
3	You could chop salad with the added addition of the roasted chicken. Good wine for BBQ. Have to try the regular roasted chicken. Did try my husbands Mac and cheese very very good. Au have to also recommend the warm pecan pie, to die for.
5	We went in for the raw oysters but all our food was excellent. We got oysters, meatball sliders, Mac and cheese, and Scooby snacks. Everything was tasty, the place smelled like BBQ the whole time, and the staff was quick and friendly. Top notch!
2	BBQ is not good.  Go to Midwood Smokehouse or Mac's Speed Shop if you want good BBQ in the Charlotte area.
5	Great service and food. Had a salad with pulled pork and a baked potato. Fast service and awesome dinner.
2	I met some friends here for dinner and drinks, finding the place is a little tricky especially if you don't make frequent trips Uptown. They offer valet but I'd suggest just parking I the BoA parking garage and taking the elevator down to the restaurant. The atmosphere is fine, nothing fancy but you should expect it from a BBQ joint. The place wasn't busy so we were seated right away. The menu is not very extensive, but includes all the classics : ribs, pulled pork and brisket just to name a few items. For starters we ended up ordering some wings. It's not a bad deal for just $5 you get half a dozen wings with blue cheese and some other dipping sauce. The wings were very tasty! The came out hot and packed with flavor. For my meal I went with the pulled pork sandwich and cheese grits. Meh, it was okay. I've had better pulled pork at other BBQ places and they didn't really give a lot of meat on the sandwich....more bun than meat is no bueno!!! The cheese grits were decent...but again nothing to write home about. If I came back I'd stick with the wings. So why the low score??? Aside from the average food the waitress/bartender had a horrible attitude. I've said this before and I'll say it again....if customer service is NOT your thing....please do us all a favor and pick another job!!! Shitty service ruins the experience and meal every time! Even if the food had been better I'd have to strongly consider give my money to someone who rolls their eyes at me and my guests AND ignores my requests while I'm eating (excuse me for needing a refill on my drinks and extra napkins....ugh!). So try this place at your own risk...or just grab some wings to go!
4	We wanted bbq and this place was close to the hotel.  Beware that the though address says Tyron it should say College as that is where the valet parkers are.Being in a high rise building there are no smoker nearby as everything in the kitchen looked electric.  The BBQ was great as the ribs fell of the bone and the texas dry rub ribs with the kc sauce is a great combo.The service was a bit spotty as our new waiter made a mistake as wanted the kc ribs and got the texas ones. Also noone went through the sauces as there was a vinegar based sauce that would have been great on the pulled pork sandwich that we did not know about.  It worked out well as mentioned above and I will happily return as want to try the kc ribs.
3	I think this place is appropriately rated at 3 stars because that's exactly what it is, mediocre. Some of the food, including the shrimp and grits, and ribs are pretty good. The sides aren't bad either (especially the fried okra). However, other entrees like the pulled pork are just mediocre. I have found the food inconsistent as well which really brings the rating down for me. It's worth a try if you're in the area and absolutely craving bbq.
4	I had a great experience at City Smoke with a few (very minor) glitches. My friends and I had uptown plans that got rained out so we decided to grab dinner instead. On a Friday night we didn't have to wait to get a table which was appreciated but a little odd considering how busy most restaurants can get on the weekends. Regardless, our waitress (should have asked her name) was super friendly and conversational. To start, I had a margarita (didn't really warrant the $8.50 price tag - it was good but it had a "watered down" taste). I ordered a "pulled chicken" sandwich with fries and added a side of mac n' cheese based on a recommendation from the waitress. The fries were good but nothing out of the ordinary. The sandwich was fantastic. The chicken was perfectly cooked and had a nice smokey taste. The sauce that was served with it was a great compliment to the sandwich and the fries, too! It was easy to eat and the sandwich stayed intact for the most part.The mac n' cheese side was a small portion but tasted amazing. It was creamy and had a rich flavor of a few different cheeses. I really enjoyed it. Overall, the ambiance was warm, the service was fast and friendly and the price tag wasn't unbearable. I had a bill of $20 before the tip which seemed reasonable for the amount of food and the alcohol that I had ordered.I'll definitely give it a thumbs up and solid 4 star review. I will be back to try the actual BBQ next time. Didn't give it a full 5 because it wasn't really out of the ordinary and there wasn't an "experience", it was just a great meal.
5	I absolutely love City Smoke. I live and work in Uptown and this is my favorite place to eat. Good food, friendly service, creative drink selections... What more can a man ask for?
1	So HOW does this place stay in business??? Imagine filling up your bath tub full of SALT....the very fine kind. Now, deep fry your fries and immediately submerge them in the middle of the salt bath....and leave them in for 15 minutes. Then pull 'em out and eat. Well, that is the recipe for City Smoke fries! Trust me, I am definitely a Salt-o-holic. When I think something is TOO salty, my GAWD it must truly be SALTY! All I can still taste is SALT. Last time I came in, I had their brisket, and it wasn't very good. So I stuck to something safe....a Patty Melt. Now the burger meat itself wasn't that bad, but they also salted the outside of their bun. Who does that?I'm guessing here that the owners of City Smoke own lots of Stock in Morton's. I have NEVER been so innundated by salt flavors in my life. It's been an hour since I left here and I still taste SALT.I may NEVER have to use salt again....I think my tastebuds have been permanently salted. In Baseball, you get 3 strikes. In Paul-Ball, you get 2. City Smoke you are OUT!
5	I'm not sure why this place isn't rated as 5 stars. We had a friendly and attentive waitress, the beer selection was great and the ambiance is pretty cool. The food was delicious. I think anyone that said the BBQ was plain didn't realize that they make it that way so you can choose your own sauce (which is on the table). The Mac and cheese is delicious. The beer prices were also great too...I believe it was $3.50 for craft beers from Noda (for you out-of-towners that means beer from an area of Charlotte). Will definitely be back
3	Decided to give this place a shot, even though I have heard only mediocre reviews. City smoke delivered on its reputation; food was just OK but service was good. When I go to a BBQ place I expect bold flavors and city smoke failed to give me that. The interior is pretty neat and I like the feel, but without some good food it fails to attract me for a second trip.
2	Somewhat disappointing. We went there on a locals recommendation. They do have an excellent selection of delicious beer, however the food was only mediocre. The chicken wings were good, but the fried chicken had an extremely salty breading, so salty that we returned it.  Our server was very pleasant and immediately took the dish back. We tried the mixed BBQ as well and found it of only mixed quality. The collard green side was, like the chicken, too salty. The ribs were nice but the pulled pork and brisket were nothing special. I wouldn't go back.
2	There's not really any reason to go here.  The atmosphere is generic-sports-bar, and the food isn't very good.  The pulled pork BBQ had very little flavor--probably my least favorite of any BBQ I've had in CLT.
4	This was my second visit to Downtown Charlotte and first time here. Unfortunately my first trip to Charlotte they were closed however almost a year later I finally made it. Living in South Florida its a bit of a drive.  The staff was super friendly once we walked in we were seated immediately. Dan our server was great. I normally drink Corona and this place has no imports. So most waiters would of been like "Yeah we don't have it". Dan recommended a local beer which then offered me a free sample. It was good enough to enjoy dinner with it. Once our drinks came out ( super quick by the way ) our orders were taken. We had our kids with us on this visit, so I was a little surprised they have a kids menu but no kids menu printed. It was a little odd but Dan have us all our options. Food came out, and was awesome. I've had some really good BBQ, this wasn't the best but pretty good. The meat on our ribs were falling off the bone, well seasoned, and cooked well. The meat wasn't dry like some places serve. Overall it was clean. One small bathroom to share with everyone which could be an issue if the place was super busy, a needs better lighting inside the bathroom. Location was great. Just about 3-5 minute walk from our hotel.
4	City Smoke was the first BBQ place I've been to since I moved to the Carolina's. I'm seeing there are only 3 stars and I'm not sure why. The atmosphere is cool, really laid back and has a brewery feel to it, which I like. They have chalkboards with all of their drink specials posted and they serve local beers, which I also like. My friend and I posted up in City Smoke for a couple hours to sip some drinks and have a couple snacks and other than the general location, we weren't disappointed.What I mean by the location is that, it's hard to have that real BBQ feel in the middle of a city, for me anyways. I tend to think a BBQ joint would be the most legit as a hole in the wall, and city smoke is more contemporary. That doesn't mean it wasn't good! We got a couple local beer flights, the cucumber-jalapeno cocktail and the bacon bourbon bloody mary. The cucumber-jalapeno cocktail kicked my ass. That thing was so strong and it wasn't that spicy, it was more refreshing. The bacon bourbon bloody mary stole the show though. It was hearty but sweet at the same time, in a good way. Just try it, you won't be disappointed.Finally, after like 2 hours of sipping making small talk with our server (he was pretty cool and recommended some other bars for us to check out), we ordered food. We shared a combo platter so that we could try everything. It came with two types of ribs, pulled pork, brisket and a couple sides.  The green beans were decent, mac n cheese, killer. The meat was on point though. The ribs were tender, the pulled pork flavorful and the brisket was smoky. I was very pleased with everything we ate.If you're in the downtown area and looking for some BBQ, you should try this place out. It's slightly hidden though. It's like built into a big glass building, you have to really look for it but it's worth it.
1	Bad service, slow and unnecessarily rude. Couldn't handle a table of 10 people with very simple orders. Food was decent but it was just disappointing.
2	I ordered lunch to go today after not ordering from City Smoke in a while.  After picking up my meal I was shocked.  For $10.83 I got iced tea, two vegetable sides, a piece of bread and a piece of chicken that wasn't enough to feed my dog (no bones for Fido of course).  I called back to talk to them and was told that "1/4 chicken dark meat is a small leg and HALF of a small thigh" - which is what I got.  They did offer to fix me something else, but I didn't want anything else.  I wanted a chicken meal equal to what I paid for it.  My friend got the same thing, but with white meat and was disappointed as well (a tiny wing and half a little breast).  Will not be going back.  The chicken and collards were pretty good, so I'm giving them two stars, but the value was not.  I know $10 is not a lot of money, but this wasn't a $10 lunch.
3	I had the half rib sampler along with cheese grits and Mac and cheese.  Everything was delicious. However with the sampler I was supposed to get three varieties by it seemed like I only got two and both were the same except one had a little BBQ sauce squirted on it.  Them having only 1 bathroom was a problem and caused some uncomfortable lineups in a storage hallway.
2	Great location, good beers, worst barbecue in the state of North Carolina. They "smoke" their BBQ in an electric smoker. Service is decent but locals avoid.
5	The food was good and very tasty. Place looks clean and very organize. Service was great! I Love the coleslaw.
4	I went to City Smoke with a co-worker a few weeks ago and was pleasantly surprised with the service we received, the atmosphere and the bbq!I ordered one of their house salads with brisket, and although the brisket was not the best I've ever had, it was quite tasty and made for a delicious lunch. We had no problem getting a table and had a charming server who was funny, attentive, and got all of our menu modifications correct! I tried a taste of the mac-n-cheese from my co-worker's place and it was pretty phenomenal... I'll definitely order it the next time I'm there!I'd love to go back for happy hour sometime, the bar seemed really neat and they have an extensive bourbon selection, so I'll definitely be back! City Smoke has my vote as a solid, not too pricey, bbq restaurant in uptown! A great place for lunch!
4	Had dinner here with clients and colleagues on a Monday night.  The service was good and the staff had great personalities with a sense of humor.  Enjoyed the peach smash and a colleague had the lemon ginger smash and enjoyed it.I had the rib sampler... Three different types.Prices seemed reasonable.Restaurant is on the corner of Trade & College, in the Bank of America building... GPS had trouble finding it.
2	Overall a decent place to eat.  Very dark interior and food was ok. Service started out good but went down hill. Went right past our table to another and asked them how they liked their food. When he came to our table first things out of his mouth was would we need a box.  Not saying it is a racist place but it sure seemed like it.  Can't blame the restaurant but some people just don't need to be in customer service.Prices weren't bad for what you get. I probably won't return due to the customer service but if you want bbq to knock off your bucket list this place would do.
2	Can't speak to a dine-in experience but I did walk by and see that they catered so I ordered lunch for our office. We have ordered BBQ numerous times but I thought I would try something new. The mac n cheese was cold, and not super tasty. Chicken was good. The "texas toast" was a loaf of bread in a bag. I would say overall it was surely not the best BBQ we've ordered and it was by far the most expensive.
4	Cool barbecue joint in downtown Charlotte. Not too expensive and nice atmosphere. Walking distance to Epicentre. Small food menu huge bourbon and liquor menu. Beer specials. Rotisserie chicken seems to be big favorite as well as different styles of ribs with sauce or not. Sides and really good. Enjoy!
2	Great after work bar - not so great BBQ. For my meal I ordered the brisket with sides of collards and potato salad. The brisket has the chewy/dry consistency of reheated meat. Also, there is no identifiable smoke ring, which is the hallmark of smoked meat. Whatever smokey taste I get is on the surface and appears to be smoke flavoring applied as part of a very light rub. Overall low on flavor. I am very disappointed - especially since the name of the place is "Smoke." On the upside the "brisket sauce" is tasty and complements the brisket well, but mostly as hydration. The collards have the familiar vinegary, sweet, hot taste that I like and has ham bits well incorporated for flavor. Overall a good side for those who enjoy collard greens. The potato salad is forgettable. It appears to be some version of baked potato salad.  It contains celery, green onions, small chunks of red potatoes, a scant few bits of bacon, and is made creamy by what tastes like a mixture of sour cream and mayo. Some may enjoy it, but it was too creamy for me - I can barely taste any potato in the mix. Overall an unimpressive experience, but since it is conveniently located - in the same building as where I work - and the beer selection is decent I will probably give another main dish and sides a try on a less motivated day.
