4	I went into Lucky Break last night for their second night of operation, and they already had several people who looked like they were at home there. I must admit, by the end of the night, I was starting to feel that way myself. They seem to really have things figured out from the get-go, which is actually quite a surprise to me!Walking in, my first impression is just how clean this place is. Seriously, it's nice. They've got brand new huge TVs all over, showing every game you could want to watch. There's more than enough table and bar space for a large happy hour crowd. The place also has a very nice open feeling that's very welcoming. Also, they have 6 nice new pool tables, which are rented by the hour. Everything you would expect from a place called "Lucky Break" and then some.Oh yeah then there's the bar. Coming into a billiards joint, I expect to see just your typical domestic beers, along with maybe Guinness as their "fancy" beer. Okay well they do have those. Then there's the craft beer. With 24 taps in total their selection is nothing to thumb your nose at. There are a good number of local AZ beers and some beers that you won't even see at most craft beer bars!This place is just pure danger for me. Quality pool tables, great beer, and oh yeah the food is pretty damn good too.
5	Great bar... Good food (or at least what we had).  We had the nachos and the wings.  Server was really knowledgable about the menu and selections and we never had to wait to ask for a new beer.  Great service!! Beer was $3.50 for a 14 ounce and $4.50 for a 20 ounce.  $1 off during happy hour - and all appetizers were half off during happy hour.   I'm sure I'm missing some of the HH details!!  They have darts, video bowling, video golf and six pool tables.  Lots of TVs.And for the previous review about Dennis Erickson... My dads even in several times since it opened as Lucky Break and has seen DE twice.  He chatted with him one time and it sounds like he still has some ownership in this place.Overall a great environment!! Happy it's walking distance from our house!!
4	I've found my new favorite bar in Tempe! With great and friendly service and a warm atmosphere, Lucky Break just works.I went there last night because I'd seen a few tweets mentioning the newly opened bar. It as fairly quiet and laid back but pretty soon it filled up with guys playing pool and having a laugh. Perfect. They've got a wide variety of beer. A tad on the pricier side but do-able. Not sure if they have a happy hour - that would be awesome.With a ton of televisions, this place is perfect to watch the game. And if the game gets boring, go play some pool! Visit Lucky Break, you won't be disappointed.
4	I really want Lucky Break to do well.  I want to give them 5 stars.  I want it to be my favorite place ever.  It's not 5 stars.  But it's pretty darn good.I know it just opened around Christmas time.  We were in once the first week and it seemed like they were maybe still getting their footing.  Couple stumbles, but nothing unforgiveable.We've been back a couple times since and I've been very happy each time.The decor is very nice.  TONS of giant-screen TVs.  Not a bad seat in the house it seems.  The bar looks very sleek.  The pool tables are very nice looking and they play pretty nicely as well.  The shuffleboard table seems very short.  We didn't play it, but it just seemed like half a table.  Would love it if it were more on par with other bar shuffleboards -- but I realize they are not the most space-friendly game to keep normally.  The beer selection is great.  They've got a good variety on tap, and more in bottles/cans.  Lots of craft beers - lots of local beers as well.  I was quite pleased with that.  Each time I've gone, I've been given a suggestion of something new to try - they have not steered me wrong yet.The food is decent.  It's maybe a couple dollars more than cheap sports bars like Zipps and the like.  In some cases, it seems worth it.  The burger was really good - had the one with fried jalepenos, etc on it.  Can't wait to try more burgers, honestly.  The buffalo wings were also good.  I'm so picky when it comes to buffalo wings, and these are good -- simple flavor, not too fatty - just how they should be.  The nachos were mediocre.  But then again, I never expect much from bar nachos, so I wasn't really disappointed.  I got what I expected from it.  There is a ton of crap on it -- the pork and chicken were nice, the chorizo wasn't great.  But I tend to prefer a spicier, pork based chorizo and I think this was a fairly mild beef chorizo.  Nothing special.  Not bad...just not my favorite menu item.The pool seemed kind of pricey (you rent the table/balls, rather than putting in quarters).  If you play fast games because you're really good at pool, then maybe this is a good deal.  If you suck at pool like I do and games take forever...it's not as good of a deal.  The service has always been very friendly.  Nothing that blew me away, but certainly competent.  Happy hour is a decent deal - I believe it's 1/2 off appetizers and a dollar off beers (or something like that).  I believe they also do something (giveaways, etc) on Fridays if you follow them on Facebook or Twitter, but I'm not sure.  I'll definitely be back...Lucky Break has potential to get even better, so I'm hoping that others will catch on to this place and keep them in business!
4	Great service and amazing seared Ahi tuna tacos. My group and i were 15 deep and everyone had a drink and were even able to buy our celebration shots instantly. Our server Blake suggested to my buddy and I that the Ahi tacos were really good and we went for it, thankfully, we were just gonna have some burger sliders... The sauce and freshness surprised me, just enough seasoning to complement the texture.
4	We got a coupon on our windshield wiper for a free burger with the purchase of the same, and thought why not?  As others have said, the business is located in a strip mall.  Upon first glance, it looks like it won't be great. Once you walk inside, the place features interesting wood walls, a separate area for eating and playing pool, and a long expanse of bar.  There were tons of wide-screen televisions with many games to watch.Our server, Blake, was very knowledgeable and friendly.  He helped my husband pick out the perfect beer.  The food was great.  My burger had brie and portobello mushrooms and was tender as could be.  My husband had another burger and reported that his was delicious as well.  The steak fries were peppered up, making ketchup unnecessary.  I can't recall the last time I've eaten fries and not needed the ketchup.We played trivia and listened to music, while having drinks.  The place was rather slow, but I suspect that's just growing pains.  We have nothing bad to say about our experience.  If only all sports bars had the kind of service and food we had.  We are excited to go back!
4	Surprisingly good food. Usually sports bars have mediocre food, but both my boyfriend and I thought this was a step above. The Greco-Roman was delish although it was more like a Greco-Mexican, haha. Good nonethless. The boneless wings were also good. Not a huge fan of the grilled cheese, there was too much bread and not the greatest combo of cheeses. They offer a lot of drink specials throughout the week.The decor was "eh". Not great but not bad. But it's cool that they have nice pool tables and a lot of TVs. Will definitely go back!
3	Love the setup, love that they have pool tables, love the big screens, great music, great atmosphere, great servers, good food.  Ultimate Grilled Cheese is indeed ultimate...it's a stand out dish that put a smile on my foodie friend's face; not a fan of the veggie burger tho.  But overall, I can dig it...
4	Came in for the free burger n tater tots promo on Sunday 2-26 to check the place out and have a burger! One of my friends mentioned it, and he's a beer snob, but I thought he was promoting the burgers, but I guess this was a link from a craft beer related site since I saw lots of craft beers on tap! I was pleased.I ordered mine with Swiss cheese, got American, but I didn't care, I was ready to chow down. The burger was nice and fat, not the thin weak patties and done medium with char on the outside and a little pink inside. Texture was perfectly soft. Served with tomato slice, a few raw onion rings, green lettuce and a long pickle wedge all on the side, and tater tots sprinkled with salt n pepper upon arrival. Overall a scrumptious burger. Menu burgers are $9-11, looks like they have some great ideas.Beer selection was good, they had a craft tap list which included local Papago's Orange Blossom, Odell 90 Schilling, and one of my faves, Hop Head Red from Green Flash! I was pleased! Other brands included Deschutes, Stone, Lagunitas, Firestone Walker, and plenty of other Arizona brands like Oak Creek and Nimbus.$3.50 craft pints and half-off appetizers (normal price $8.95 or so) during Happy Hour 3-7pm! DEAL! Jump on that!Lucky Break is a clean place with nice looking large pool tables and service with a smile. Full bar of course. I don't know what it would take for me to give 5 stars, maybe a variety of wing flavors or some extreme pricing on those wings one day a week. YEAH that would do it! So far just one flavor of wings (authentic) are on the menu but they do have boneless style too. Isn't there SOMEWHERE in the PHX valley that does crazy wing prices one day a week?I don't frequent pool hall bars because I think they're scummy, but this is WAY above average and the clientele seemed normal and not trashy and tweeked out. At least during the afternoon haha. Lots of screens for sports, and there's also trivia.I would come here again, but it's a bit far for me.
3	Decent burgers and bar food.  The atmosphere is pretty cool inside.  With billards, lots of tvs/projectors and smoke free!  The place has only been open since December and does lots of promotions/specials throughout the week.  The location is a bit eh, since its located in strip mall thats none too impressive.  However, not a bad place to just hang out for a few hours.
4	Love this place! Every time I go it gets a little busier and busier. People are starting to hear about Lucky Break and if you haven't, you better check it out!  Very clean, friendly people and food is great! I am obsessed with their Blackened Ahi Tacos! So yummy. Yep that's right I said Ahi Tacos at a bar. Their food is way better then typical bar food. If they continue to do what they are doing, I will continue to stop by as often as possible. Also they have happy hour everyday from 3-7 (Ahi tacos included) Pool tables are nice and new to play on as well. Ladies the bathrooms are always clean too!
4	$5 Ahi tuna tacos, $4.50 wings (that are not small) for happy hour and a Coach Erickson sighting (he's apparently a partner). What more could you ask for?I know, I know, a Coach Graham sighting.Personally though, I've been there a few times and never saw anyone playing pool. If they got rid of all the tables but one and moved that one to the front left corner, they could make that large wood floor space a dancefloor, bring in a deejay and have a booming nightlife there as well as good food. That floor space is also large enough to host live local music. They seem to hold the service to a high level too as our waitress was excellent the first few times we came and then when our server changed things changed a bit as well. A promising place nonetheless that's large, has an abundance of good flatscreens, good happy hour food specials and often times good service.
5	BIGGEST BURGER IN TOWN! Yes these burgers are huge! Portion size will not disapoint, ladies eat half for dinner and you have half for lunch the next day when you can't leave the office! Nice thick fries too! Place is very nice looking inside! Plenty to do inside, pool tables and video games, not to mention all the big screens! Wish we lived closer this would be our hang out!
4	Kid friendly and great food items.  They have all the bar regulars plus a nice foodie touch to their menu.  Dishes come out looking great and tasting better.  Wait staff handled special orders easily and cheerfully.  Check this place out, keep it busy, don't let tempe lose a nice local spot!!
5	Awesome food. Tons of seating options. Really nice pool setup and a good beer selection at decent prices....can't ask for more!
4	Finally somewhere in my neighborhood that has good craft beer and atmosphere!! Inside looks completely different from the outside. Its large but still welcoming inside. Pool tables, tv's all over the place, booth seating and of course bar seating.Happy hour every day until 7pm !! I tried the hummus and devoured the whole thing along with my Guinness.  Good prices and good service.You will see me here again, it's a given.They have beer flights.
3	Cool bar and grill that opened up next to Chinatown Buffet.  Service here is excellent. Everyone is friendly and smiling when you walk in the bar.  The burgers are very good, and they offer alternative options to beef such as chicken, turkey, and veggie which can be substituted at no cost.  As for appetizers, we've had the extreme nachos, which were awesomely huge and delicious.  The sides I've had with the burgers are also very good, and I'm happy to see that they offer sweet potato tots.On our last visit, service was great, but the kitchen seemed to be having an off day.  I ordered a veggie burger, and got a turkey burger.  I had ordered it "Mean Green" style, which should have come with green chile, jalapenos, pepper jack, and avocado, but there wasn't any avocado in the burger.  When our server questioned the chef about the order, he had said that they had changed the menu a little, so that guacamole was in the burger instead, but there wasn't any guacamole in the burger either.  The salad I had with the burger as a side ($1.95 for a salad instead of the regular sides) was a very sizeable portion and came with freshly grilled corn, cucumber, tomato, crouton, and grated carrot.  My husband also substituted for a Caesar salad, but it did not have any Caesar dressing on it.  We came here on a Monday because they advertised $5 turkey burgers and veggie burgers.  When we got the bill we were charged full price.  What we weren't told at the time, (And also was not advertised, nor was it on the menu) was that the $5 deal is only for a plain burger with no extra toppings.EDIT 6/30/12: After talking with one of the managers, the $5 deal is supposed to be for any of the listed burgers on the menu that you order as a turkey or veggie burger, so someone must have gotten their information mixed up the day we went here!
2	My bf and I live right down the street so we wanted to try this place out. We had read good reviews on the burgers.  The atmosphere was pleasant and service was superb. The food was not that great. I ordered the the hot wing (hot), which were $9 for 10 wings, a little on the expensive side. My boyfriend ordered the smoke jumper burger, and a cup of chili. Our food came out in a timely manner. The wings were not very hot at all and unfortunately did not have too much flavor. The burger was very greasy, with soggy bacon and it too lacked flavor. They don't seem to season their burgers. The chili was bland and came out in a ramekin size cup, for $4.We might try this place out again for drink and pool, but definitely not the food.
4	This was one great laid back bar. I went for a Yelp event and arrived early due to thinking there would be more traffic on the I-10. I ended up walking around the well designed and furnished bar to see nice wood accents, clean well kept pool tables, and a happy go lucky staff that was willing to get me anything I wanted and always wore a smile. I ended up drinking a few four peaks Kilt lifters before I decided on what I wanted and maybe the overdose of carbs led me to the santa fe type chicken salad that was great. The chicken was moist and blackened with the right amount of spice and the lettuce and toppings were super fresh. After dinner I tried a few new 4 peaks creations and hopped on the nearest pool table for some after dinner fun with the brew masters. The environment was always nice, music at the right level and plenty to watch on tv including my favorite ( UFC ). When I made it back to the table there were a plethora of desserts and I could not resist trying them and on the real I am so glad I did. The brownie with vanilla bean and coffee ice cream was to die for and also the brownie cake with peanut butter. Just super mouth watering sugar-tastic goodness all around.  I would defiantly go back to this place, and will be sure to bring my friends next time I'm in the area.Be sure to check this joint out!
5	I've been dying to find another local watering hole to satisfy my love of good food, cheap booze and pool.  Who would have thought such a place would open up next to one of my favorite Chinese buffets in Tempe?  I've now been there 3 times and need to do my damnedest to spread the word.  First off, the space is modern, inviting and completely open.   Their are TVs everywhere with a long bar running down the left side.  The pool tables make up the back right section of the space and I love the modern and open vibe of the space, complete with wood accented walls and wood floors.  The pool tables are well maintained as are the sticks.  Their food is exceptional and diverse.  I highly recommend the Monte Twisto with a side of sweet potato tater tots.  The sandwich is big, cheesy and delicious.  The sweetness of the tots is well balanced by the crispy outside.  Also, the Ultimate Grilled Cheese with smoked Gouda puts a great spin on an old classic.  I opted to add bacon and tomatoes and was not disappointed.  It comes with a side of Green Chile Tomato Bisque; don't opt out because the Bisque is thick, creamy and spicy.  I have also had Chorizo Fondue and Chorizo Chili and like them, but wish the chorizo was spicier....much spicier! Now for the booze.  They have daily happy hour from 3-7 with great deals.  I would venture to say they are the best deals in S. Tempe.  More importantly, they have daily deals, saving all of us worker bees from having to cut out too early from work on a Friday.  Friday's drink deal is $3 Pinnacle Whipped Vodka drinks.  I order mine with OJ to make a creamsicle.  The bottom line...I hope to continue coming here until old age.**Tip 1**Friday is $3 pints of Sonoran White Chocolate Ale....oops, scratch that.  They switched it out for Lumberyard Raspberry Ale, which is really good BUT.....bring back the White Chocolate because it goes great with Root Beer.**Tip 2**They have a nice sized, sectioned off patio for you to lock up your bike.  Yes, we will make this a stop on our next bars on bikes!!!
4	Went there on Saturday, with my Groupon in hand, and got a burger with avocado, jalapenos, and cheese on it, medium.  My, my it was tasty.  Now, I'm not a big burger fan, I mean, they're ok, but if I have a choice, I almost always choose something else.  But for some reason, I chose one that day, and I have to say I was very pleased.  It was cooked perfectly, a little pink in the middle, very fresh vegies on it.  One of the best burgers I've ever had, without a doubt.  And sweet potato tots on the side, that's right, sweet potato.  I would give it a 5 on Saturday.It was so good that we went back today for taco Tuesday.  Today, not as good.  We pretty much got ignored most of the time we were there.  And they weren't that busy, not sure what the waitresses were doing, as I hardly ever saw them.  Never asked how my daughter wanted her burger cooked, came out well done.  My tacos were good, probably a 3.5.   But I don't feel the need to go running back like I did on Saturday.  So I'm going to split the difference and give this place a 4.  But I hate to be ignored.   I will go back for the burger, but not real soon.Sure hope I get a different waitress though.....
4	Lucky Break certainly is a surprise to walk into as it is certainly nicer than its modest surroundings would lead you to believe. Once inside, you will find plenty of seating that isn't crowded together and several well lit pool tables with new(er) cues.  My burger was yummy and much better than average bar fare. You can also substitute beef for chicken or a veggie option.  They have specials, including happy hour, every day and a large draft beer selection. Prices are fair and the restrooms were clean, always something I look for in a bar & grill. My only complaint is that they had one barkeep on a Friday night and they have a very long bar, making it hard to get their attention.  Would I come here again?  Yes.
5	My 2nd visit at lunchtime on a weekend - Staff is welcoming - Food is fantastic.  Plenty of seating, tv's, pool tables, and beats every other Grill/Bar in at least a 5 mile radius of McClintock and Guadalupe ( On second thought, not sure that I should yelp this because I don't want it to get so popular I can't get get a seat when football starts ) Great place (so far)...
4	So far, I've just been here with the family for pool and soft drinks.This isn't a seedy pool hall--this is a sports bar and grill with pool tables, a dart machine, and more.  While most of their income, no doubt, is from cocktails and beer at the bar, you also see people here having lunch and dinner, sometimes looking up at the tv to see the Cardinals or the Diamondbacks play.I haven't had the food yet, but the place is friendly and with a good atmosphere, so I see a point sometime soon where I'll take the family there for a meal and another game of pool.  I'll be sure to scratch on the break like I often do, but at least we'll all be having fun.
5	Place is really good and the venue is great with high top table and booths. Pool available and tons of TVs to watch the game. Def top sports bar in the area. Burgers and service was amazing. I'd get the sweet potatoes tots and the peanut butter desert was really good. Will be back with a ton of friends!
4	My Bf and I had came here on a pretty busy night; we had a feeling no waiter would see us where we had sat but it was probably a few minutes before a waiter had seen us and was very pretty quick getting everything to us in general. Good enough service to where I definitely want to go back soon and try more burgers or maybe just more sweet potato tots since they were the most amazing sweet potato tots i've ever had. Especially with the marshmallow dipping sauce that you do have to ask for.  They have some pretty good specials on weekdays which is why I would like to return soon so I can become more familiar on what days to be a regular. :)The one thing I did not love too much were the very salty ahi street tacos, they looked perfectly cooked but the flavor killed it for me I Wish they could make mine with no salt or not nearly as much, I felt like I ate a table spoon of salt each bite. :(
5	I was totally impressed by my first trip to Lucky Break last night.  A friend had mentioned the place, and I checked out their website last week to see what they were about.  There are so many sports bars and pool halls around that I really wanted something different.  In this I mean a place where I can get a drink, shoot some pool or watch sports, and eat QUALITY food!  At Lucky Break, everything satisfies.The service was outstanding.  Michelle was our server, and she was very attentive.  The other servers went out of their way to deliver drinks when she was busy.  The teamwork was excellent.The ambiance and decor were inviting.  The design and  floor space was open, comfortable, clean and new.  The bathrooms were clean and kept.They had plenty of drink options from local beer to interesting cocktails.  I can't recall if they served wine.I am a big foodie, and there is nothing more satisfying than surprisingly good food at a sports bar or pool hall.  I only tried one item on my first trip, but I can tell they do things right.I had the Jamaican Jerk wings.  They were delicious.  Perfectly fried wings, fresh and hot, tossed in a very complex home-made Jerk sauce.  The presentation was beautiful.  The wings were stacked into a wall, and on the side was a fan of three fresh carrots and celery sticks resting on a leaf of lettuce.  The small things, from the fresh carrots and celery sticks, to the fresh lime wedges in my drink, to the home-made wing sauce, really makes Lucky Break worth the visit for the food and drinks alone.  Not to mentioned the entertainment and fine service.This place really pays attention to detail, and I appreciate that.
4	Located in a non descript strip mall and that alone will turn away a lot of people...for shame. Because inside you will find some tasty craft brews from Firestone, Papago, Four Peaks, Oak Creeek, San Tan, and O'Dells.  The burgers are the house specialty and will satisfy any burger lover. Get the one with the egg on top and you are in chloesterol heaven.  Nice pool tables and friendly bartenders in aq place that is trying to make craft beer work in a non craft beer environment.PS Sweet potatoe tots are to die for.
4	A very nice sports bar.  Great place to watch a game or just hang out.  They have awesome TV's.  My boyfriend is in love with their nachos because they use fresh jalapenos, which makes them pretty spicy.  I'm very excited to have such a nice sports bar so close to home.
2	Went there again last night for the burger.  Supposed to come out on toasted buns, it didn't.  Medium, was medium rare.  And once again I was almost ignored by the waitress, and had to wait about 10 minutes for my check even though we were obviously done.  And the noise, so noisy, couldn't really carry on a conversation.  I won't be back.
4	Love this place! Food is awesome, service is really good. I always have a great convo with the bar tenders. The whole look and feel of the place is totally chill. Be careful of the shuffle board table, its kinda wonky. Last time we were there, they said they were going to get it fixed.
1	They have no idea how to do NFL Sunday football to cater to all NFL fans. They kept changing channels and half of there tv signs where games were suppose to be located did not match. Don't bother coming for a game unless your a Browns fans (no offense to the Browns fans). They need to take NFL Sunday customer service from other bars who have experience. The owner was a douche and lied about certain tv's being linked together just bc he was to much of an ass to change to the tv the sign stated in the 1st place....
3	My three friends and I moved across the street from Lucky Break at the beginning of June. We were pleasantly surprised with the very good beer selection on tap, meaning they don't just have your typical Bud, Bud Light, Miller, etc. They have a lot to choose from and very good prices on beers to go along with. Since moving in, we have gone to LB about 2 nights a week and have always had a good experience. During one of our visits we were informed that they have NFL Sunday Ticket and breakfast, so we were excited to check it out. Now,every Sunday for the past 4 years, we, along with anywhere between 5-10 friends have watched football at the Tavern on Mill. We went to LB for the opening night of NFL on Wednesday and had a great time and we were really looking forward to Sunday. Our reason for wanting access to all the games is that we all play in high dollar Fantasy Football leagues and what better place to pay attention to all the games than a bar? Moving on to Sunday...We arrived around 9:20 AM for the 10:00 AM games and were pleased with an already good crowd. We got a table in the section we wanted (section with most TV's) and took a look at the signs that said which games would be played on which TV's. Everything was perfect. Then, as the crowd rolled in (majority being Browns fans), everything changed. Every other TV was switched to the Browns game. There were 6 TV's in our section, 2 of which were showing the Browns, 2 of which were showing the Bears/Colts, and then the other 2 were showing different games. We brought this to the owner's attention and he had no interest in hearing us out. In the morning games alone, there were 3 separate games that were not on the TV anywhere in the bar. When we asked if there was any way we could this changed, the owner said "There are only 20 TV's, there is only so much I can do." Well, the Browns were on 7 of those TV's! On 3 separate occasions, people from our table, and the table next to us asked for specific games to be shown and were denied every time. WHY HAVE NFL SUNDAY TICKET IF YOU DON'T SHOW ALL THE GAMES?!?!?! We could have stayed home and seen as many games on our home TV's! Also, the beer of the month was Lagunita's IPA..perfect! Except, they were out of their Beer of the Month and it was September 9th. Bad planning..especially when every server's shirt is advertising Lagunita's! Our server was awesome, which is the only reason we stayed. There were 10 of us at the table and the owner couldn't give two shits about pleasing anyone other than the Browns fans. Oh, and the table of 6 next to us left because they couldn't get the game they wanted, which was advertised as being played on the TV they were sitting near.Here is a tip..Get the Browns game going in the Northeast section of the bar where there are two big screens..put on the sound for them, and pile them all in! I understand, you need to make money and the Browns fans had a great following, but you can't sacrifice every other TV in the bar at the expense of every other customer. We are going to try it one more time on Sunday and if all they're doing is playing the Browns on every other TV, then we will be going back to the Tavern. It's too bad, because it is walking distance from us and a local bar we really liked, but if the big guy in the yellow shirt understood the point of having Sunday Ticket, it would have been a much better experience. It really turned us off and we will not go back during the week or on Sundays if they cater to one group. Remember, they will only be there 16 days a year..the Browns aren't making the playoffs. We have been there twice a week since June.Food is good, prices are good, beer is good, service is good...EVERYTHING was good except all the games being on the TV'S. Spread them out and put them on!! The VIP pass they give for coming every week is also very cool and actually one of the better give away's for Sundays around here.
4	Are you a pool shark? No? Cool, me either! But if you are, this is a great spot for you! It's like a sports bar meets video bar and the atmosphere is so crackin. Yeah, I said crackin! The beer selection is bomb dot com. If you know me like I know me, then you know I like beer. Seasonal beers on tap! I've never eaten hear but one of my best buds who is a burger aficionado says they really are the tits mcgee! Rent a table by the hour, have some brewskis and say hi to Samantha for me if you see her!
2	I love this bar. I love the beer selection. I love the bartenders. I hate the music. The music selection isn't appealing toward any sort of crowd. A jukebox for customer selection would be awesome. The music transitions are terrible and ruins the ambiance of the bar.
3	This is a solid 3-star bar.  I am judging this ONLY OFF THE BAR, NOT OFF THE FOOD!!!The bartender I dealt with, Michael, was pretty cool.  I came in here with a coworker around 10pm on a Sunday night (both in town for meetings) and it was a decent experience.  The bar was clean.  Drinks were a bit pricey, but I tend to tip a little on the high side when I am drinking so I can't knock them here.  The atmosphere was a bit lacking.  No music, no ESPN or other TV noise... Kinda.. just conversation.I am a vodka guy so I did not pay attention to much else.  They seem to be very heavily loaded on middle shelf, but not many top shelf.  I opted for Skyy, can't go wrong there.  There was a significant selection of draft beers if that is your thing...There is absolutely nothing wrong with this place.  It isn't overly impressive by any means though.  The service was good, but in essence it is the bartenders job to be responsive and cool.  The atmosphere is costing the 2 stars Lucky Break is not getting.  A giant store front window greets Baseline Road and the makeshift patio smoking section.If I lived locally, I would probably visit every few weeks, but lacks... je ne sais quoi... Panache.  Wow... way too much French for one review!There are a large number of video games (thought I saw Golden Tee... my weakness), about 4 pool tables, great for groups.  Maybe a busier night would be better?  Not the bartenders fault, however.  Michael rocked....
4	Stopped here for lunch on a Saturday when a bunch of college football games were on and this sports bar was very nearly empty.  It easily has room for 100 people and about 10 large screens showing games.  It's a nice place with good food so depending on what you're looking for the relative lack of people could be good or bad.I had a burger with green chilis and jalapenos that was really tasty.  The fries were a bit dry.The service was good, though like I said it was empty when I was there so not sure what it would be like if they were really busy.
1	Worst service I've ever had. I'm literally sitting in here as I post this. The sign says "please seat yourself" and I've sat at the same table for twenty minutes now and not a SINGLE server has even greeted me ! Let alone ask me if I want a drink. Nice atmosphere but I value service, and I see ZERO here. Lets see how long it takes before I can get an ice tea....
4	Monday night football continues here at Lucky Break with their happy hour from 4-7pm. They had a beer called 8-ball for $2 pint and all other beers were $3-$4 in price, including Arizona craft beers. The bar was fairly empty, but a number of tables were full for this game. They had a great happy hour food prices for between two and four bucks. Wanted to try the green chile chicken sliders, but it turns out they have a better deal on Monday for entrees. You could take any of the burgers and substitute a chicken breast (and it was a large breast) and it was only $5, about 1/2 price. The smoke jumper was a great choice with poblano peppers, bacon, smoked gouda and carmelized onions. Plenty of TV's in the place with multiple games going on too. Very nice place to enjoy a game.
5	I just found Lucky Break a couple of months ago. Have been there 6 times now. The food is excellent and electric atmosphere.
1	As good as the food is here, I severely don't want to come back after my boyfriend and I were starving. We wanted to eat some food to fill our stomachs and the douche bag at the bar said I wasn't allowed to eat anywhere in the restaurant unles I had my ID. I have never been to a restaurant in the whole world that doesn't have a designated area to just eat! At least at like kona grill they will let you in the restaurant if you don't have your ID. So we went all the way home and came back and I was so tempted to sit at the bar and shove my ID in the bartenders face but my boyfriend was so pissed off it wouldn't have been a good idea. So we sat at the tables facing away from the bar to contain out anger from being so hungry. Idk if I will ever come back after this visit.
3	Things to like- Two dollar 8 ball pints- Good food, especially the boneless wings- Good service and friendly wait staff- Football/Baseball/Basketball - YES!Thinks to think about- They changed happy hour menu.  Have only been once since- Uncomfortable chairs
2	I want to like this place. I really do.  Its always something. I believe if I went there every single day the staff would act the same. You never feel welcome. Like the manager they look and act bored. On our last visit the manager Jarod was not there, off sick.  Nobody in the place so 3 or 4 server-girls are just standing in the back staring like they were chained to the bar or lost. My server Ryan was the only person who had a pulse and is always enthusistic about the food and alcohol selections. He is very attentitive and takes care of his guests.Perhaps the server-girls should shadow him and see how he works. So another woman, maybe another manager comes in and takes Ryan into the back room for a meeting? So with four customers in the place you would think the server-girls would check on us.  Uh uh they started playing darts. Empty glasses on the edge of the tables meant nothing to them. So the bartender Mike is down there too.  After 20 minutes we see Mike go into a different back door with one of the server-girls. If it wasn't Ryan we would have left.Not sure who owns the place but start sending in shoppers!  See why people come in once and don't come back.  Jarod if you truly are the GM walk around and ask your customers how things are instead of laying at the end of the bar acting like the guests are diseased. I have been in there at least 35 times and you have never spoke to me once. Ya get two stars because of Ryan whose tip suffered because of the back up support.
4	Let me start off by saying the food at Lucky Break is great.  We came in with a group of 12 us and sat down to order and asked the waitress for separate checks by couple which I know the pain but most of us use credit cards.  When we got our check the waitress had separated the check, however, she separated all the food on one check and all the drinks on another check.  Also one person in our party did not get her food until the rest of us had finished eating.  So I chalk this up to bad service one time.  I thought I try it again and  was pleasantly surprised. We got great service, the food was excellent, and the atmosphere was nice as well.Definitely try Taco Tuesday as the tacos are delicious. I got the seared Ahi tuna tacos and they were scrumptious and inexpensive. They have great nightly specials with discount drinks and food.  And free pool on Tuesday night.Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed (unless you get the server we had the first time)...
3	Went back the other night and the drink specials are still very good with most beers at $3 and craft beers as well. Lost a star due to more food sampling. The green chile chicken sliders were hot as fire and nobody mentioned that fact. Green chile should not be that hot, they might have used jalapeno's. Waitress was nice and I got to sub out for some Cheeseburger sliders, which were very uninspiring with just a little piece of cheese on top of the burger. Also had some sweet potato tots included, but those were equally disappointing. The inside tasted like mush and might not have been cooked fully. The chicken quesadilla was decent, but somebody's hummus platter went uneaten. Still, great for sports with three giant screens available. Fiood needs more work though.
5	Love this place!
5	My partner and I had lunch at Lucky Break today, and we loved it. Our server, Samantha, was incredibly friendly and made us feel very welcome. As a vegetarian, it's hard to find a good veggie burger, but Lucky Break loads their burgers with toppings, making them pretty incredible. They use Boca burgers, which aren't as good as house-made, but dripping with cheese and covered in green chilies and jalapenos, they're fantastic. They definitely don't mess around with the jalapenos; they use thick hand-cut slices with the seeds, so beware! They also have a great local beer selection and seem to have great daily and happy hour specials. I definitely recommend the place!
4	I will premise this review by noting that there were only 2 other people in the place when I arrived.  And that is the only reason that I did not give it 5 stars, becasue I would like to see how everything is when they are busier.With that said, I ordered the Ultimate Grilled Cheese and an Iced Tea.  The bartender talked me into adding ham to the sandwich, and informed me that this sandwich came with a cup of Tomato Bisque Soup.Ordered placed and in about 7 minutes my food arrived.The Tomato Bisque Soup was out of this world, I could have eaten just that for a meal.  But, I didn't, and I'm glad I didn't, the Ultimate Grilled Cheese with Ham was also very, very good.  I would say that I will definitely order this again, but I can't say that because the rest of the menu has me wanting to try other items.Overall, this was a great experience . . . and . . . I will definately be returning.
4	My co-workers and I went her after work one day. It was a really friendly place. We were welcomed by the bartenders and they kept the drinks coming. -The Happy Hour Specials were great, I ordered one of every appitizer. The hummus was delicious and for a bar I was shocked.-The drinks were well made and not too over powering but enough I had to stop way in advance of driving home. -The bartenders were attentive, if I had an empty drink glass in front of me they were all about what to get me next.-The locals were friendly, but not "overly friendly." I have to say I appreciated that. I didn't feel like an outcast however I didn't feel like I needed to leave and bleach myself in Clorox.I would certainly recommend this place for happy hour after work, or just relaxing on the weekends. It seems like the place to be for the area!
3	Ugh.  I hate writing negative reviews.  And although I do have some positives to touch on (hence the 3 stars) I must hound on 1 crucial point...customer service, customer service, customer service!!!  This was my 3rd time back to Lucky Break, all spread out by apx. 3 months or so and every time we received awful, rude-ish (is that a word?) service....specifically from the bartenders.  I definitely don't expect red carpet, top notch, amazing service from a local bar, but I do expect friendly, welcoming service.  It feels like the bartenders are put out by having to serve you.  I have been there when it is busy and when it is slow, and it is the same elitist, unwelcoming service every time.On the positive side...the beer selection on tap is great, with super cold glasses to accompany them, good food options (even some healthy options) for a sports bar, specials every day, lots of pool tables and other misc. games.  We really REALLY want to like this place, but are so let down by the service every time (sigh).
4	Pros. This is where my coworkers and i come for happy hour on Fridays. Since idon't drink beer, I've tried a variety things off their food menu. I like their sweet potato tots with marshmallow dip. Their regular tots are pretty decent too. My favorite thing on the menu is their peanut butter thing (dessert). We usually get the same waitress. She's ditzy and a bit slow; but she always gets our orders right. She once got into a nasty verbal argument with my coworker, but we still came back the following week. Plenty of parking.Cons: Mediocre burgers and sandwiches.
3	This has been one of my go-to locals since it opened.  There's a good selection of liquor behind the bar but the real attraction is the fifteen or so local and national microbrews on tap.  The prices are very reasonable and they have good happy hour deals every day of the week.  They don't pull the old happy hour bait and switch where happy hour only applies to American macros - they also knock some of the price of their bounty of delicious micros.The hamburgers are certainly solid, but nothing special.  They do get points for creativity as they have some burger creations I've only seen here.  Unfortunately the wings her are just not up to snuff, so I would stay away from them.  I've also tried the nachos which were mediocre.There are giant flat screens televisions plastered all over the walls in the dining area, bar, and around the pool tables, so it's a great place to fuel your attention deficit sports fandom and follow multiple games on college football Saturdays or NFL Sundays.  I've never been in here when it's hard to get a table or at least a seat in the bar during game days.  The interior design of the bar is very modern with lots of wood paneling and black leather booths.I'd say Lucky Break kills it as a casual day-drinking sports bar with real beer on draft.
3	Good food, better than an average sports bar. We had burgers, a quesadilla and something called pig rig.  They were all excellent.  Service is slow, but attentive.  Kids meals are small for 10 year old, order an adult entree.  Lots of pool tables and very reasonable for the family to play.
2	This place started off great but I believe the main chef left and now nothing comes out as ordered.
3	3/23/13Stopped by after the RenFaire to have a drink during happy hour, and while I didn't eat anything, I did try a pint (well, I drank about half a pint!) of Sierra Nevada Hefeweizen.  (I'm assuming it's Kellerweis, since I just purchased a six-pack from Sprout's, and the sips I've tried awhile ago tasted like what I tried here at LB.)  I can't recall the cost breakdown, but I remember thinking that the prices on  beer drafts were pretty good!  Craft for $4 or less is not too shabby...Thank goodness it wasn't very cold indoors, like it was when Yelp held an Elite event here.  It was middle of summer, and yet I was freezing!  Today was a beautiful day, mid-70s I think, and it was very comfortable inside.  Only thing I didn't like was that it was very dark indoors at 530p.  It made me wish I was outdoors enjoying the beautiful weather!
3	Well, went back here to watch one of the NCAA semifinals. On Saturday night an entire section of the bar was reserved for a kids baseball team and their parents. Is this a sports bar or a Chucky cheese? Thought that was kinda lame. I only mention that because as we were sitting at the bar eating our $2 garlic parmesan fries (which had a nice amount of garlic on sturdy frozen steak fries) we noticed the big TV at the bar was very blurry. Yes, we were seeing double on that TV, so we had to move, but 1/2 the bar was off limits. Blurry TV..uhhh get it fixed.       The drink specials and beers here are always good, but food is still kinda shaky. As a sports bar, how can you not have mozzarella sticks or potato skins on the menu? My friend ordered the $7.95 BBQ chicken dinner, but this isn't BBQ, the breast is off the bone and then they simply cover the chicken with a bottled? BBQ sauce. So, it's technically  BBQ chicken, wink, wink, but real BBQ chicken is on the bone and actually gets sauced while cooking. My entree was way more successful as I had the Orchard salad with blackened chicken added for $2.95, which made this salad about $12. The chicken is this dish was outstanding, a great version of the blackened seasonings. My request for dressing on the side was ignored, so I just ate it anyway and the raspberry vinagarette, which the waitress said was homemade, wasn't too sweet afterall. Alot of tasty walnuts and dried cranberries appeared as well.     Waitress and follow-up guy server were very attentive and nice and I thank the management for sending me a gift card which I used to fun most of the meal.
5	Great place!! My husband and I love hoppy beers and this place has us covered. WITH MORE THEN 1!! They have a wide variety ( for Tempe ) of beers ranging from your 3.2( Bud, Coors ect.) beers to your IPA's. The prices are worth going back for too. The food is your average bar food. However, they make a killer batch of fried pickles!!!! Happy hour deals are perfect for food and drinks. They also have well kept pool tables. I do believe there is a dart board, shuffle board and a few arcade games as well. The staff are friendly, most of them are pretty good with keeping up with their tables/ seats. Some of the younger ones kind of show their age and experience levels while fluttering away at the server station gabbing and flicking around on their phones, ( unacceptable ) but the rest of their staff makes up for those girls. All in all I would absolutely call this a great place to gather.
4	I would call myself a regular here. My softball team goes almost every Friday after our game. If you are going to eat I recommend any burger. You can't go wrong! The service is hit or miss depending on who you get. They always have good drink specials, different ones each night. They also have pool tables, but they fill up quick on the weekends. Overall it's a pretty solid place. It keeps us coming back week after week.
5	Should have done this a long time ago, but never got back on YELP. They fixed the issues of the games being shown and my friends and I went back there for all 17 Sundays of the NFL season as well as MANY Monday's. They do a great job! Thank you!
4	This place was actually a surprise. Beer was a great price for tap, food was good and the staff was very friendly. I got here by accident but I would go again when I come to the Tempe area. Overall had a great time!
1	I want to like this place and go back since it's near where I live.  The food wasn't too bad.  But the service is horrendous!!!  The wait staff are slow but the bar tender is MUCH worse.  The waitress brought me a beer and a few sips in, i noticed the glass was missing a chunk from the rim and was cracked down the side.  The waitress was no where to be found for 10 minutes, so I went to the bar and proceeded to be ignored by the bar tender who wasn't very busy.  He even made eye contact with me a couple of times.  I finally got his attention and asked if I could have a new beer poured in a different glass and showed him the broken glass.  He took my glass, poured the beer into a different glass and gave it back to me.  I said there may be broken shards in there and I'd like to have a new one poured.  He gave me a dirty look and walked away.I saw the waitress sitting at the end of the bar and told her what happened and that I wanted a new one and why.  She hesitated and seemed resistant.  So I slapped down some money for the beer and said that I was sorry my patronage to their bar was such a hardship for them and my trying to prevent them from a lawsuit of knowingly serving customers broken glass was such an inconvenience to them.  After that, she was very nice and accommodating.  My friends convinced me to stay longer.  I regret that I did, as nothing got any better.  I highly doubt I'll be back.
4	Nice set-up for just dining, hanging out at the bar and playing billiards.  Regulation tables that are very clean and level.  All the sticks are good quality, so a great place to practice your skills.  Lots of TV's, so great place for a game night to drink, play billiards, even darts and eat some yummy food.  Had the chicken quesadilla.  Filling, cheesy, and decently priced.  Patrons of all ages. Will go back soon.
4	As I attended a meetup at Lucky Break, it was my first time through the doors of this establishment. It is bigger than I anticipated and the bar is big, their menu is more than enough and of course they have several pool tables inside. But I wasn't here to play pool.They have pretty good beer selection, where the local (Arizona) ones are cheap for happy hour. So are several of their dishes like sliders for $4, totally worth it and comes with sweet tater tots. This to me that's weird, but it's a great deal for someone to eat something while sucking down some awesome beers or margaritas. I consider this place a dive, but then again I do enjoy a good dive bar. Every day they have a different happy hour special, and some days it looks to be a fantastic deal. Since I have a hard time turning down a good deal - I know I will be back here.They have some music going, and I have no idea where it comes from but it played everything from early Kiss to Beastie Boys. Nothing to brag about, but the music is totally appropriate for the venue. Service was good - we had a new waitress waiting on us, and as she might not be the strongest person to recommend stuff, she didn't get one order wrong... and really that's what matters.I would never have chosen this place to go to.. ever. But I am glad I ended up here, and I will be back. That is a certainty. ..und das..
4	Was there on a Sunday afternoon.  Not a bunch of people there at the moment, but I can tell this place probably throws down on a weekend night.  They have all the fixins for a good time - photohunt, darts, billiards, Mrs. Pacman/Galaga.  Only had a beer so I can't comment on the food.
5	When we pulled up, I was not happy my husband was taking me to a place in a strip mall for date night. But, we had a gift card from a charity event so I sucked it up. To my surprise, once you enter this place, you have no idea you are in a strip mall - between a gun shop and Chinese buffet. It is a great atmosphere with wood paneled walls (that sounds terrible, but it's nice) lots of TV's large booths and pool tables. My favorite part is they offer a great selection of local beers. Our waiter was Graydon who was fantastic. I had the chicken Philly and my husband had the chicken cordon blue. Both were surprising outstanding. I requested a side salad instead of fries and it came loaded up! Very impressive. We were pleasantly pleased with the service, price and food. No complaints here - other than I wish there was a Lucky Break by us in north Phoenix!
4	Awesome food... Glad I live around the corner
3	Lucky Break - I liked you and will give you another chance. Saturday afternoon and not crowded at all. Watched a little sports action and had a few beers. Good selection and we enjoyed our choices. Your new wait staff was doing her best and we appreciated that. Your honey mustard dressing was over the top spicy with what tasted like horseradish - couldn't put it on my salad, sorry. Fried pickles - too much batter, where were the pickles? But the burgers were seasoned well and cooked perfectly. I know you're a bar with bar food, so I shouldn't be too surprised. Maybe next time...
5	Thanks so much Lucky Break for the terrific Thursday night fun. Our party of eight thoroughly enjoyed visiting. Pool, shuffleboard, spin the wheel, ice-cold beer, throwback cocktails, terrific appies (especially the garlic fries) and unbelievably friendly service made this visit a treat. You have become my new favorite neighborhood bar. Can't wait for Sunday morning football breakfasts too!!
5	Lunch Time!  What do you expect from a random lunch stop at a local bar/pool hall?  Not a whole lot, right?  Well this was a Lucky Break for us!  The venue is exactly what you expect, only better.  It was larger inside than it looked from outside, the atmosphere is laid back and comfortable, and the people are friendly and helpful.  The bar is big, the TV's are plentiful, and best of all the food is great. I have to say I have never ordered a turkey burger before going to the Lucky Break, but it was on their Monday special and the deal was too good to pass up.  My hesitations were unwarranted, the burger is delicious!  It is my new favorite burger, and they offer several beers on tap including some good local options.So, we had a surprisingly good lunch at a comfortable and friendly establishment, and our experience was better than expected.  5 Stars, and we have been back several times already!
4	Love this place. Great beer, great atmosphere, great tvs, great employees.PLEASE BRING BACK THE FRENCH TOAST FOR SUNDAY FOOTBALL! PLEASE get salsa if you're going to serve a breakfast burrito...and please don't use cold deli ham for the breakfast burrito!!Thanks, we'll be here every Sunday-hopefully ordering French toast.
4	This place is an appreciated break from the monotony of Tempe. Families, graduates, and locals converged here today for 2 games, and the energy of the rivalries made me feel at home :-)
2	I used to like this place but the past two times I've been there the bartenders have been so rude! They act like you're inconveniencing them. And they don't give out samples of the beers they have on tap. Flanny's gives out samples all day long and their bartenders are great... go there instead!
5	Best and most inviting place in the area. An area of Tempe that is surprisingly lacking good bars. We have been here every Sunday during the NFL season since the place opened and we are typically here every Thursday night for the nfl game. Great people, great beer, great TVs, good food!
3	If you go without expectations, you can't be disappointed. Good spot to watch a game-
5	The food is surprisingly good. The beer is ice cold. The place is immaculately clean. The servers Joy and Zira are excellent. There's two dozen flat screen TVs around the room. Prices are reasonable. This may have just become my new favorite bar.
4	I had a blast at Lucky Break. The happy hour specials are really good for large sharable appetizers and drinks. It's close to my apartment which is something I value when trying to get a drink close by before going home. The staff was very friendly and kept our drinks full. I like how there's something for everyone. You can watch sports, play pool, play video games, talk with friends, have drinks and all feel like they belong. Downfalls:The pipes in the restroom smell nasty. Similar taste in the drinking water.
4	Love there Taco Tuesday!!
5	Lucky Break is a lovely bar/restaurant!! My husband and I LOVE the food!! It is SO good!! I crave the ahi fish tacos-to die for!! Great service and good choice of beers!!I HIGHLY recommend this place!!
4	Lucky break was a welcome surprise I'm the strip mall with the china buffet and gun shop. My first time I was pleasantly surprised by the craft beer list, and on subsequent visits the food has also been a welcome surprise. Sure it's not much from the outside but when you venture inside, good bar food, tons of TVs, and a nice local craft beer lineup await. Go on taco Tuesday and get the cod tacos- awesome. Cheers!
4	I've been back several times since my bad encounter months ago. It turns out there was a bad apple behind the bar who apparently isn't there anymore. I've had a great time each time I've been back to Lucky Break. Nice staff, fun menu of daily specials, good place to go watch the game - any game. And there's room to spread out if you have a big group. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone.
5	Pretty  chill spot to watch the nfl games... Food is pretty good and great happy hour specials I can't think of anything bad to say
5	Very nice place with excellent service! Variety of places to sit and numerous TV's, so everywhere is a good spot. Everyone is polite. Cheap happy hour prices! I will most defiantly be coming here!
3	I came here twice in the last few weeks, the first just for drinks and the second for drinks and happy hour food. The drinks here are solid and happy hour is good. Their marg was pretty standard, but at only 4$ on special, I liked it a lot. Their sangria is fairly tasty, sweet, but good. The food, however, was not good. The first trip we saw the food and it looked delish, but upon eating it, not so much. We shared the chicken quesadilla, very bland and boring.... not awesome. The service is generally good and they have electronic trivia (woohoo!). I would go back for happy hour drinks, but skip the food.
4	My friend I found this place on yelp. We were in the mood to play some pool and just find a relaxed atmosphere and not too crowded. Went here on a Thursday night and the crowd size was perfect, the music wasnt too loud, the bartender named Nicole was really cool, there was just the right amount of flat screen tv's, I was able to hear our conversation, plus we played pool for free that night til close. For the first time being there, it was definitely a good first impression.
5	Really likin' this place!  I credit these guys wit helping me to regain an appetite for food after a few difficult weeks.  SWEET POTATO TOTS w/ Marshmallow Cinnamon Dipping Sauce! REALLY? Its awesome!  You MUST Try This!  Did I mention they have a TON of GREAT Craft Brews ON TAP as well? PS. Anyone for a game of pool? The tables are quite nice!
3	Food is unique and tasty. Try the ultimate grilled cheese.  Service is poor. Three employees hang around at a table in the bar area chatting while the cook is preparing my food,  lunch came out wonderful but the front of house staff needs to find something to do and pay attention to a the few customers that are in there. I stopped in today at 1 for lunch but they changed their hours they are not open until 3 o'clock weekdays. I feel this place is going to close down quite soon. Prices for pool during promo hours are great.
3	Free pool sun - thur. Drink prices okay. Good pretty good. Wednesday all day happy hour.
5	Been here a few times. Foods good service is good. Who can't say they love a few games if free pool? Great place to grab a beer
4	Order the Cobb Burger! It was delicious!  Food was great, service was ok. I've heard from other people that the service is awful but in the 3 times we've been I've never had 'awful' service.  We'll go again. Love the variety of the beers on tap.
4	Decided to try this place for fun....the food was GREAT...had the chili cheese tots....awesome.  The burgers were tasty and seasoned well.   We will go back for sure!!
2	Food's great, pool tables are nice, servers are awesome! Why 2 stars then? Because it takes an executive order to change a channel to a sporting event that's EXTREMELY important to a customer. Give your staff the respect they deserve to be able to change a channel and my $50+ would've stayed at your bar instead of finding another place with the game on (thank you, Yelp!) and driving there to catch the second half of an important game. Your customer should NEVER have enough time to Yelp your competitor to get the service that's most important to them because, unfortunately for you, the other place had great food, terrific service and pool tables TOO!
4	I've dined here a few more times since the last review, and the food's improved. During our last visit, I had the mean green burger with sweet potato tots. The burger was a hearty patty, cooked to order (Medium rare for me), loaded with green chiles, jalapenos, and guacamole. The burger bun was lightly toasted with a light buttery taste. The sweet potato tots, while small, were nicely cooked, and the cinnamon-marshmallow sauce that went with it was amazing!While it took a few minutes for a waitress to realize we were seated and come over, service after that was good. Drinks were refilled as needed and she checked up on us regularly.Wednesdays are all day happy hour which include discounted burgers, drinks, and appetizers. Upgrade one star!
5	Awesome service.  Came just to watch  UFC fight but will definitely come again. One of the best sonoran dogs around. At least 20 tvs. No matter where your table is you'll have a tv near by. Great family friendly environment.  Will recommend to all my friends.  This is my new favorite hangout.
5	This is my new favorite pool place in the Valley--and I am more than happy to drive across town from the West Side to get there.Lucky Break is spacious and clean, with lots of well-maintained tables and cues. I didn't order anything to eat, so I can't speak to the quality of the food, but the drink servers were fast and friendly.We went in on Sunday night of a three-day weekend around 8 pm and had the place nearly to ourselves (ok with us) but it definitely seemed to be picking up when we left.Best of all, we played three games of pool, ordered one beer and one tea, and left there for under $10 including tip--pool is free Sunday through Thursday.really nice spot.
2	Went in there tonight to catch the ASU game and to have some dinner. So disappointed about how this place now appears to be going downhill.  The service was atrocious.  After being there at least 10 minutes another waiter told my waiter that I hadn't been waited on. The guy appeared to be put out because he was enjoying his conversation with a friend at the bar.  I had a burger and it was cooked beyond well done.  Because the waiter never bothered to come back and check on me after my food was there I finally ended up eating it instead of sending it back since it was at least 10 minutes between visits to our table. Bad food and bad service is no way to stay in business.
3	As a regular patorn of Doc and Eddy's down the street I have tried to give this place a chance multiple times. First off the place is very nice and the food is great. However, if you sit at the bar and are expecting good service forget about it. I have been here 5 times and all but once sat at the bar. The table service is pretty good however the bar service is about the worst I have seen anywhere I have been. The last time the bar was completely empty and it still took 22 minutes to get a drink. Yes I timed it. and that just wasn't the first time I have done this.If I didn't prefer to sit at the bar the rating would have been a 4.5.
4	Nice place.  Lots of room and big TV's to watch sports! Have been here once before nothing bad to say about this place the food is good too.
1	We went here for some after work drinks and I can say confidently that I will never return. The service was terrible. Faith was our server and we ended up having to go to the bar and order our drinks for the majority of the night because she was nowhere to be found. I knew it would be a bad experience when I ordered a red sangria and she brought me a white. It wouldn't have been a big deal if she wouldn't have tried to convince me that she was right and that I was wrong. I simply declined the drink because white wine makes me ill and told her to not worry about it. She remained absent until it was time to order food. We got our food with no silver wear. Once again we had to ask the bar for anything we needed for the remainder of the night and ended up with a confusing bill with 9 shots that didn't belong. Seriously this was a mess.
2	This place is under new management and goes by the name "Scully's" now. Which is unfortunate, because Scully's is a far cry from the good ol' Lucky Break I used to know and love.I went in here for a Saturday afternoon college game. The crowd was decent; not overwhelming but not dead either. I go to the bar and grab a menu. The items are mostly the same. There're a few new dishes I didn't recognize from the Lucky Break of old. I ordered the chili cheese tots; definitely won't be doing that again. They were God-awful. Just a big, sloppy, greasy mess.The bartender was a guy whose name I forget. He was nice enough. Got my drinks fairly quickly, but didn't seem too personable. Maybe it was a weird day for him, who knows?The waitress didn't seem any better. I wasn't served by her, but every time she'd pass there was a dead look in her eyes and she never smiled. Geez, at least pretend you wanna be there.Overall, I don't think I'll be back. The place is weird compared to the Lucky Break I'm used to. Time to find a new watering hole.
