3	Nosh just opened in our neighborhood over the new year. We checked it out tonight. Sweet waitress informed us that "Nosh" is Scandinavian for "small plates". Husband and son were perplexed as "Scandinavian" is not a language. I was perplexed as I believe "nosh" is a Yiddish word....anyway...We ordered a couple of pizzettes, the Elk Obucco, and the bruschetta. The bruschetta order is far too tiny for the $9 price tag. Vintage 95 version is 3 times larger for just $3 more. Food was tasty overall, but just a little strange. Not sure what the concept is about. Wild boar and Elk--seem like odd choices for a neighborhood bar. People ordering seemed confused when told to expect really small portions. Decor is nice, but there is a strange odor--may just be newness of place and recent construction? Also, tables are too close together to fit patrons comfortably. We have been dying for a high quality fun place to frequent. I hope Nosh can find its groove. We are rooting for you.
5	Last night my friends and I went into Nosh for my buddies birthday. We live in the area and had seen it in production and figured we would give it a shot. Really enjoyable atmosphere, small, private, but have developed well with their small quarters. We started with a couple portions of the bruschetta, delicious, although, my only real criticism is either the toasts could have been a bigger, or the option to choose 4 instead of 3. Our waitress, Chelsie was funny and very accommodating. The beer my buddy wanted for his birthday was Devils ale, they hadnt replaced the keg yet, and Chelsie hooked it up, got the manager to replace the keg promptly. My friends and I ordered probably one of everything on the menu because as the menu states, the plates are smaller so it is recommended to order a few things. The chef even brought us an extra pizza, because they accidentally added sun dried tomatoes to the first one. We wouldn't have even noticed, but i thought that was very nice. Ladies got a bottle of wine, gents drank the beer, everything was fantastic. My girlfriend got the crab cake upon Chelsies recommendation, and raved about it all night. Will definitely be back. Good luck nosh!
4	We really enjoyed Nosh. It is great to have a nice, new restaurant so close to home.  We LOVED the atmosphere - a smallish lounge area with really pretty high-backed chairs and comfortable dining chairs.  We liked the view I to the kitchen, too.  We also had really nice service by the bartender - Tom, I think.  I really liked this blueberry martini he made.  The wine list was also great.  I enjoyed a really good cab.We started with beet salad, a roasted tomato salad and tomato soup with yummy grilled cheese.  I loved the pops of flavor in the salads.  I am not a tomato soup lover, but I tried it, and it was good.  The grilled cheese was really good.  Then we had a goat cheese and fig flatbread - double yum!  For main courses, we had the Elk, which was served with a butternut squash risotto and short ribs (or is it spare? I always get them confused. It was the ones that melt in your mouth!)  served with mushroom risotto. I did not try the elk, but the mushroom risotto was excellent!  Then we had a berry empanada - really, really good.  We will definitely return!
5	Intelligent food in North Chandler?; There is now!  Chef Stacey and Mark have injected a dining experience desperately needed into the culinary vacuum of Northwest Chandler. You can count on their knowledgable and friendly staff to guide you through an experience you won't forget. The plethora of quality wines and beers and eclectic menu will leave you wanting to come back and try something new every time. This cozy, hidden gem is a Phoenix best!
4	Really like this new place. Holding back on the fifth star until I try more menu items. Tucked away in yet another of our suburban strip malls, it is a delicious surprise and much needed. We hope it is a success and will be back soon to promote that!
4	Finally!  A place in West Chandler that has excellent food and drink. No complaints there. If you are expecting to eat a substantial meal for an inexpensive price, do not come here. This place is about enjoying a cocktail, glass of wine or beer and "noshing" on small plates, pizzettes (small pizzas, basically), and appetizers. Plus there is dessert. We had the soup that was on special--can't remember all that was in it aside from cheese and beer--sounds gross, it was wonderful comfort food on a chilly night. The chimichurri taro tacos were excellent, and I loved the pizzette with goat cheese, fig, caramelized onions, and arugula.Now, to make this place a five-star kind of place that I never want to leave (even if it means I break the bank a little), play some better music. The music selection was all over the place, from Carole King to Michael Bolton (yikes), to the guy that sings "Mercy Me," this eclectic-not-in-a-good-way mish-mosh of tunes attempting to please everyone but probably succeeding in pleasing no one failed to create the kind of vibe that fits this sort of place, in my opinion. How about old-fashioned jazz standards? Nothing too out there, perhaps some soulful ballads played by John Coltrane, maybe a little Ella Fitzgerald? Just a suggestion...
5	I loved my first visit to Nosh.  Everything we ordered I would order again and there are so many other things I still want to try.  The service was perfect.  Our waitress was very attentive without being pesky, and the owner even personally checked on all the tables.  My only complaint about where we live is not having a lot of great dining options near by.  Nosh has definitely filled that void.  The portions are not huge, but the quality is superior and the pricing is reasonable.  My new favorite restaurant.
4	We were going to dinner somewhere Saturday night and happen to see this place from the road. Quickly looked up Yelp and decided to give this place a try instead. A gastropub in Chandler. Intriguing! It's an interesting little place that seems nice. The crowd seems to be older for that night. Majority of the guests were in their 50-60s. We saw pork belly on the yelp reviews but alas there weren't any when we went. We ordered the claim chowder and the bruschetta as apps. The chowder was nice but didn't stand out. I guess I should say it was pleasant. For the bruschetta we chose the goat cheese, the wild mushrooms, and the olives. We both really liked the goat cheese with the carmelized onions. Although both of us felt that it would be even better if the goat cheese was warm. I liked the mushrooms and my gf liked the olives.For entree we picked the beef short ribs, the elk o'bucco, and the crab cakes. The crab cakes were seasoned well and very yummy. The Elk was very dry. It's definitely missing a component of fat to address the dryness. The short rib was much better texture wise. My gf and I both felt that the elk and the beef were vastly under seasoned and needed salt. The service was pleasant and the place definitely has potential to be quite good. I'd say 3.5 stars but another half for potential.
2	Is it enough to say that $7.95 for two average chocolate strawberries is absolutely ridiculous? They were supposed to be infused with port, but we didn't taste any. Is that kind of rip off enough to deter you from coming here?Well I wouldn't be a good Yelper if I left it at that. Nosh is in the same complex where my husband works so I thought it would be a good spot for us to meet up for dinner. He got off early one night so we made it to happy hour. This is where my disappointment began. Happy hour means $1 off glasses of wine, house cocktails, pizzettes, and bruschetta. Let's stop with this $1 off nonsense (this isn't exclusive to Nosh). If I'm going to happy hour, I'm looking for a good deal. Also, if you're a wine bar, you have to compete with Postino. They set the standard. I've seen other places do the $5 glasses of wine, and Nosh should adopt this too if they want to be successful. Instead, I had a $8 albarino and a $13 red blend. Delicious, yes, but not a good value. Perhaps this is why they were pretty empty on a Friday night.We started with the olive, burratta and mushroom bruschettas. The olive was good, the mushroom one was cold so I didn't like it, and my husband thought the burratta was tasty, but it fell apart and was hard to eat. The pizzettes were also ok. I loved the figs on mine, but the crust was less impressive. Then the whole debacle with the strawberries happened. Ugh, time to move on.
4	The hubby and I stopped by here for dinner last week since I had read the Yelp reviews and it sounded great. After being seated and looking at the menu I was regretting my decision. I started thinking that maybe this was more a place for drinks and light bites rather than a full meal. It turns out I was very wrong but at first Hubby was also grumbling about the mention of "small plates" on the menu and the fact that most of the food and beer options sounded "weird". Well, unlike him I love trying new craft beers and I was very excited that they had a few offerings from Odell since I had just recently discovered this brewery at the Strong Beer festival. I ordered both their chocolate milk stout and their red ale and both of them were fantastic. Hubby ordered the Magic Hat hefe at my urging since I am also a fan of their beers (so excited that they have started distributing in our state now!). Our server was very familiar with the beer options which is a huge plus in my book since even though I am adventurous I do hate it when I end up with something that I don't like or doesn't go well with my meal.For food, we started with the selection of three bruschetta and all of them were very tasty. The hubby's favorite was the wild mushroom which was so meaty in texture that I honestly thought there was some steak pieces in there until I went back and read the description before writing this review (yes, I do that). Heirloom Tomato bruschetta was typical combination of flavors you could find elsewhere but the tomatoes themselves were obviously heirloom and had an excellent flavor to them so that one was also a hit with us both. The hubby did not care for the goat cheese one but I loved it. Even though the cheese had a pleasant, mild flavor, it was piled pretty high. I actually turned to him after taking a bite and asked "Do I have goat cheese on my nose?" How often do you hear that? Even though each of the three selections only came with two pieces, they were all very hearty and flavorful. Instead of an entree, I decided to order the baby beet salad and the smoked tomato soup because they both sounded fantastic. I love tomato soup and have ordered it many places and this was definitely in the top 5. And it came with a small grilled cheese so even though it was on the menu as a starter it would make a nice light lunch. With the salad and bruschetta it was perfect amount of food for dinner. The hubby ordered the beef short rib with mushroom risotto. The waitress had warned him that it only came with one but there was A LOT of meat on it and he was really impressed with the flavor so he too was satisfied with his "small plate". All of the food was executed perfectly except that the beets in the salad were a little undercooked. I hate the mushy canned beets but I do think that fresh beets should still be cooked enough so that they can be cut with a fork. I mentioned this to the waitress only because she asked.... and I am an honest person.... but then right away the owner (I think?) was out at our table apologizing. I couldn't believe it; after sampling so many items that taste absolutely delicious and were presented so beautifully on the plate, just because one was not total perfection doesn't mean you have to apologize!! But it was a sweet gesture and I really appreciated that she took the time to make sure we were happy.So, to sum up, the food and service were both fantastic. The only thing keeping this place from five stars is the price. I totally get that they are using quality ingredients and expressing some real creativity in the dishes and I love that. And I am perfectly willing to do the small plates because I value quality over quantity. However, I think our bill at the end of the night (about $60) was a little more than I should pay for a light dinner at a strip mall bistro which even thought it was tastefully decorated, had little ambiance. And I would love to come back for wine and snacks with the girls but I know my sister would not be willing to pay the $10-20 per glass that they were charging. They had a lot of unusual varietals from non-commercial wineries but the prices they charge are too high relative the bottle's retail price. I agree with the other reviewer that suggested they have some deeper discounts on wine and food (beer prices are great) for happy hour... then I would be back on girls' night for sure. As for now, I am classifying it as date night place. I am sure we will be back, but maybe not too often unless they lower their prices.
4	So we tried the new spring menu and had a "bar fight". This was a fun concept; two appetizers paired with beer- you grade the beer and the winner gets to go on tap at the end of the competition. Loved, the Blackened Shrimp Lumpia paired with Mr. Pineapple (San Tan Brewery). The second beer was an Odell IPA paired with a  Monkfish taco. We were disappointed the monkfish was fried. Next time we will try the Monkfish off the regular menu. Try the spring salad- an oral orchestra! So glad this place is in our neck of the woods!
4	Such a cute quaint restaurant in an unlikely strip mall. Only 1 table to seat 6.  Super comfortable high back chairs in the bar area. Warm friendly greeting upon entering. Large and unique beer selection and we sampled a blueberry ale but decided on a mr pineapple wheat beer. Now the wine list is just inferior to the beer list. To be categorized as a wine bar is not accurate, a small and unimpressive list; average glass price $9 and bottle price $27. Go for the beer and you will not be disappointed. The starters and small plate options are typical of a wine bar, we especially liked the cantaloupe, blue cheese and prosciutto bruschetta. A unique item on the main entree were frog legs and they had lamb chops. Locally owned so hope they survive.
4	Had a great time with family and friends Saturday afternoon. The Monk fish was tasty and the Italian wine was divine. The staff was having fun with us so that made it a nice experience. The owners were very nice as well. I recommend you check it out for a nice quiet dinner or when I'm there, a noisy happy hour...  Need to try the Frog legs next..
4	I stopped by yesterday on a whim, and was very pleased with where that whim took me.The staff was friendly and very attentive, and the high back chairs are just the right amount of inviting and cushy. I ordered the La Boheme cocktail, which was exactly what I was looking for in a gin cocktail. I ordered four of the bruschetta for my meal, the mozzarella, the ricotta, the brie, and the prosciutto. All were delicious, but since the last three were such standouts, the mozzarella was just decent. I saved the brie one until last for dessert, and I should have stopped there. Sadly, I went ahead and ordered the pinot noir cupcake, which in theory should have been delicious, but in practice was dry, and did not live up to the deliciousness of the dinner. So, honestly, that's the only reason for the four stars. Had I not ordered the cupcake, I probably would have given five.
4	I feel I should divulge that I have been to this establishment several times and am just now writing the review.  Honestly I just don't want a hoard of foodies finding out about it and messing with my ability to stop by and always find a comfy chair.  However, I also want them to stay in business so, here 'tis.My first visit was right when they opened and most recent was a week ago.  I really like this place. I don't understand the complaints of a few reviewers regarding small portions.  I have not left hungry once!  The brushetta is plenty for two people to share and always tasty.  The goat cheese is almost too much for that slice of crunchy perfectly toasted bread.  The brie & fig type combo's are basically dessert and the tomato version is always fresh and delish!  I've had the pork rib/shank w/risotto, duck, lamb and an amazing pizza with maple bacon and italian sausage.  Never a bad meal.  The staff is knowledgeable and provides good input to help pair a wine with your meal.  If I'm still not sure or wavering, they have offered a taste.  I also find it really nice that Stacy comes out into the dining area often and speaks with her customers to make sure everything is to their liking.As for the price, yes, it's a bit higher than your local happy hour spot.  But good grief, please tell me where else are you going to get this type of quality food, unique selection and wines that you will not see EVER on your chain restaurant HH menu!At the risk of giving up my comfy chair, I encourage you to go try NOSH.  Cheers!
4	Stopped in right when they opened a few Sundays back. I think this caught them a little off guard but we were hungry. The place is small but that is what is kind of great about it. Plus, the amazingly comfy chair! I didn't believe the other reviews either. I asked myself "How can chairs be that comfortable?" but they really are!!  With the food, they certainly don't skimp on the cheese on the bruschetta. I love cheese so I thought that was great! We also tried the Alfredo Pizza. It was fantastic. I liked it so much that I'm starting to have cravings for it! Only four star instead of five because the cupcake for dessert was just not very good. Which was disappoint since everything else was tasty.
3	I really wanted to like this place more than I did.  I love small restaurants like this because it allows the kitchen to focus on their cooking.  At their worst points they aren't going to be slammed because there are only 10 tables or so.  That should mean quality output every time.  I found the food to be almost there, but not quite.  Let's talk about  the positives though...The atmosphere is great.  It is an intimate enviornment with great seating and decor.  Perfect for a date, to grab a drink at the small bar or lounge area, or a family dinner (adult family...leave the brats at home).  The menu is great.  Short, sweet, and to the point.  There are about 6 dinner choices and some pizzas.  The appetizers include bruchetta and a few other choices.  "The Nosh" appetizer was great.  Best thing I ate.The beer list was great.  They only had 3 on tap but there was a large menu of bottled/can craft beer.  The list even had the price of each.  I love when restaurants do this.  There's nothing worse than looking at a beer list with no prices.The prices: More than fair. The entrees themselves lacked something though.  We ordered the duck and the chicken.  The duck was a good looking breast presented nicely but it just wasn't great.  The skin wasn't crispy and the fat wasn't rendered enough.  It was like the pan it was cooked in was 25 degrees too cool.  I'll likely order this again and ask them to make sure it's crispy.  The chicken was stuffed with fontina and some other ingredients.  Served over fairly plain pasta the whole dish was very average.  For dessert the brownie was really average as well.  All told, it was a good meal but it wasn't great.  I'll hopefully be back and I look forward to ordering some other items on the menu.  Hopefully I'll be able to update the review to four stars at that point.
5	AWESOME!  Been into Nosh several times, a group of us actually dropped in on their pre-opening on New Years Eve, met a buddy for Happy Hour yesterday and had a great time.  Erica rocks the house as a bartender with personality and Stacey's food is the bomb.  We had drinks and the charcuterie (sp) board that was terrific.  Hit a lull in the kitchen and asked Stacey if she could make a mushroom pizza...fresh mushrooms marinated in wine...outrageous!
4	We stopped in here on a whim and I'm glad we did.  I love the intimate setting that welcomes you into the space.  The chairs are very comfortable and the lights are low enough for atmosphere but you can still read the menu.  And the food was wonderful.  The bruschetta is all about the topping and they don't skimp on the ingredients.  We had the Seasoned Vegetable Pizzette and it was very, very tasty.  The crust is made there and has that fabulous just baked taste and smell.  But the ultimate experience was the rabbit/ricotta filled ravioli appetizer.  Wow! You have to taste that for yourself.  My only suggestion is  to increase their wine list.  However, that will probably happen after they are there longer. They've only been open for about 9 months or so.
5	LOVE the atmosphere. Brick walls, good wine selection, fun modern art on the walls, small room, lots of dim candle light... The perfect date spot. Our server was also very knowledgeable about the menu and what wine we should try with our meal! We shared a cheese plate as a table then I had the Gorgonzola flatbread with a glass of Pinot noir... Great food and drink! They also have a pretty good happy hour with $5 glasses of wine and apps! Will definitely be back soon!
5	Favorite non chain in Chandler. The staff is great and they have a great rotating beer selection. The owner is very cool and always talks to us. She loves Freddie Mercury! haha.
4	Hubby and I stopped in after work today on a whim. We live in the area but honestly had not seen this place until recently. What a gem! We can't wait to go back! Very small, intimate cozy feel... Not many wines on the list but what they do have is unknown wines served at the right temperature so you can taste the flavors. A must for any wine bar. Bartender Erica was very good about pouring "tastes" for us, and checking in. Rice balls were excellent, we could hv had ten of those! All in all, a very good experience and looking forward to the next visit!
4	Great place for apps  Nice wine selection and even better beer list. Arancini was fantastic and the charcuterie plate, while good, wasn't great. They could use some different cheeses. Tucked away and difficult to find but worth the effort to locate it. Nice atmosphere with friendly staff.
5	Most affordable 5-star meal in the Valley!Absolutely one of the best date places in the east valley. The wine and the food are both flawless. You can't go wrong, no matter what you order, which is a good thing because you will be too busy swooning to read the menu. The atmosphere is so romantic and the finger foods are so sensual. With the added effect of the wine, it's difficult to remember that you're in a public place and need to keep your clothes on. Haha. Take your dates here, it works.A nod to the chef, who is not only talented but one of the sweetest business owners. She'll come to your table and check on you, which I have almost never experienced here in Arizona. The unique creations here, such as the deconstructed coffee created by chef's hubbie, are so thoughtful without being pretentious. It's exciting every time I try something new. Embarrassing fact: I have not eaten red meat in over ten years, but I did try the BBQ ribs (not on the menu) and the maple bacon pizza at Nosh. Both were worth breaking my diet.
5	I dearly love this spot for so many reasons, it is my, let me go find my friends on a Wednesday night, it is my I really want an epicurean adventure spot, it is a get my drink on spot and it is just straight up a great place to eat and drink. I started going in January when they first opened and go back on a weekly basis. The chef is amazing, she pairs food well together and has a true vision for her menu and restaurant. The New Times and Phoenix Magazine recognized Nosh as best new restaurant for 2013, so how is that for validating my already amazing taste....yeah, I'm that good. Okay, back to Nosh. Nosh's staff is equally amazing, everything at the bar is hand crafted. They make a lot of their own liqueurs, like their cherry bounce, a marvelous blend of fruit and rum. They have fresh cucumber juice, make their own bourbon soaked cherries, I could go on, you get the idea. After having cocktails there one night, I thought I need to have my own bartender, someone who can educate me in the art of cocktails and liquors and the artistes behind the bar at Nosh are just those folks. Need to know about bourbon, Mark will tell you all you need to know. Want to pick someone's brain about Madeira, Malbec or Argentinian wines in general, Stacy will fill you in on the deets. Want to know how to make any cocktail, well and want to know the ingredients to make it sing, Erica is your gal, tip that woman well if you go. When you order, ask for Wendy, she will take such good care of you, you'll think you are in your own living room but with a better ambience, a great sound system and just in general better than your own living room but your living room...you know what I mean. So, go, don't you dare take my spot at the bar, I'll coldcock you, but enjoy yourself and let the magic that is Nosh wash over you and enjoy the hell out of yourself.
5	We had a fabulous experience at Nosh. It was our first time eating here, and I'm so glad we found this gem of a restaurant. We walked in on a Friday night around dinner time and were immediately greeted by Chef Stacey who offered us a glass of wine while we waited to be seated. LOVE that the owner was acting as the "hostess" and was mingling with guests all night. We sat down at a cute little table in the corner with really comfy chairs. Our waiter was super friendly and on point. We ordered the bruschetta and we each got a pizzette. Apple Gorgonzola for me and Meatball for him. YUM. Mine was delicious, one of the best pizzas I think I've ever had. Everything tasted really fresh and I easily finished the whole thing, without feeling too full at the end. My boyfriend said his was okay, he will probably try something different next time. Another bonus is that we each got a free glass of wine due to a mis-pour by the bar. Um, yes please!An all around GREAT experience. We will most definitely be back to try their happy hour and brunch.
3	Driving buy and saw the words "gastropub" which made me want to check it out.  The gastropubs I've seen usually are sports bars that have more choices for beer and slightly better than average bar food.  This was definatley not a sports bar.  Very nicely decorated and furnished.  Nice beer and wine list, but I had to go to work so stuck with the ice tea,  which was quite good for iced tea.  Service was very friendly and prompt,  and the menu was small (which is always a good sign).  I saw a lobster roll and asked the waitress how it was,  and she said that is something the chef does quite well.  At almost $20 I would hope so,  so I ordered it, just out of curiosiy.   I am happy to say that it exeeded my expectation.  It really was quite tasty.  Sandwich roll was very light and fresh (like it was just baked), dipped in butter, and the lobster was also very light, fresh and made into a type of lobster salad, with mayonaise and not much seasoning so you could really just taste the lobster (which there was quite a bit of).  Served with a small side salad of mixed greens in what I think was ana olive oil/lemon juice dressing,  that was perfect for contrasting the lobster roll.On another trip had their lobster mac and cheese.   It was $16 so I was expecting some nice pieces of lobster.   The noodles were cooked well, and the cheese sauce was not thick like a normal cheese sauce,  but more of a cheese coating.   Overall it tasted good,  just not much of a lobster punch that i was expected.  And to me a bit overpriced for the amount of lobster you get (not very much,  just small pieced mixed throughout.  It tasted quite good,  and the portion of noodles was fine,  just to me not enough lobster flavor and pieces for the price.Overall I do like the restaurant, atmosphere and food.
4	(Lyrics - James Blunt - You're Beautiful)The food is excellentMy mouth is fullI saw a wine listOf that I'm sureShe smiled at me as I orderedShe had many patrons at handBut they won't lose me as a customer Cause I'm a big fanNosh Arizona, Nosh ArizonaNosh Arizona, it's coolI saw your place in a magazine spaceAnd I thought I'd go to youCause I'll always be coming back to youNosh=to eat food enthusiastically or greedily.  Indeed, I'm guilty of this heinous deed!  However, I have to say I was damn hungry!  I came with a gal pal and we sat at the kitchen bar.  Nosh is definitely a cute setting and relaxing atmosphere.  Located in Chandler it's a rare find!  We ordered...well I should say I ordered the Apple Gorgonzola pizza to share or not!  Needless to say scarfed it down!  The sweetness of the cheeses meshed well with the saltiness of the maple bacon while the hint of bitterness came from the arugula.  Yummy yummy yummy indeed!They have a nice wine list, but I'm a beer guy so had to get my favorite Magic Hat.  Overall, great dine and wine place and with some live music this place would pop! - Enjoy!
5	Hidden gem alert. Really enjoyed our first time at Nosh. I ordered the rabbit stew (sorry Bugs) and it was delicious. Not only did it taste amazing but it was the perfect portion size. We split a slice of pecan pie with vanilla sea salt ice cream, which quite possibly was THE best dessert plate I have ever had. Service was great, ambiance was nice. Extensive wine and microbrew list. Thanks Yelp for another great restaurant find!
2	I was really disappointed to say the least. I dragged my boyfriend out for date night and I wanted to try something new from our regular spots so I came across Nosh online and was intrigued with everything I read about it. I was waiting all week and was really excited. Upon arriving we went in and had a mildly awkward encounter with the girl who greeted us over whether we should seat ourselves or if someone was going to seat us. After we sat down we ordered some food and drinks and waited. Our food came out in a timely manner and mine was excellent though I wished there was a little more. My boyfriend on the other hand ordered the rabbit ravioli. There were only 4 raviolis on the plate and he pulled bones out of three out of four raviolis. While I can understand an accidental bone here and there that much was a little concerning especially for our first time being there. I also felt that it being so highly recommended for a date night spot it would have had better mood lighting. It was kind of lit really bright like a Denny's. Maybe I was expecting too much. But seriously Nosh, fix the bone issue in your rabbit ravioli because that is not cool.
4	If you're looking for a place to hang your hat, Nosh is it. From the food to the service, it's all fantastic. The vibe and lighting is great and the food is delicious and unique. I come here to mingle with the locals. No TVs! Love it. Thanks, Nosh family.
5	Randomly selected this place while looking through yelp star ratings.  I was not disappointed.  I had zero expectations going into it my visit and upon arrival we were immediately pleasantly surprised.  Nosh is a smaller restaurant with a warm atmosphere created by soft lighting and plush chairs arranged around two tops immediately upon entering.  There was additional seating for larger parties towards the back of the restaurant but we were lucky enough to be seated immediately right in front in one of the plush chairs.  The food was excellent and reasonably priced considering the quantity.  They had a small selection of draft beers and a larger selection of bottles, all craft breweries featuring a good portion of local stalwarts.  There is also an extensive selection of craft cocktails which I did not try but from the looks and description I'm sure they would do the trick as well.  The dishes we selected were Apple Gorgonzola, Rabbit Ravioli and a special spare rib starter.  Pizza was perfect: crispy crust and delicious play on salty and west.  Rabbit Ravioli was surprisingly moist for an unforgiving protein like rabbit.  Spare ribs were delicious and the sauce was spectacular but unfortunately it was only lightly drizzled with it so I found myself wanting more.  Will definitely return soon.
3	Chef Stacey reached out to me via PM and I am very impressed with her professionalism and the pride she has in her business. So much so that I am willing to go back and try Nosh out again. I will be revising my review after my visit so stay tuned. :) I'm excited!
5	An exceptional little gem in a mundane world of cookie-cutter chain restaurants....The food is creatively crafted and very tasty. My favorite item would have to be the Arancini...a gooey, cheesy, fried to perfection ball of risotto. Every item is such a deviation from "normal" in the best way possible. The hand-made, artisanal cocktails and ample craft beer offerings round out the meal very well. Any of the staff will be glad to help you pair a beverage with your meal that really hits the spot. Don't forget to experience the "Bar-Fight"...I won't ruin the fun surprise for you.The service and atmosphere make Nosh a comfortable hang out spot. Wendy is fabulous, she makes you feel like you've known each other for years in about 10 minutes...now that's talent! Stacy and Mark are great as well! Not only do these people make great food, they honest-to-God care about their customers and it shows.The only reason I'm not there 3 times a week is because I live 40 miles away now! 5 stars hands down!
3	Well, my friend ordered the lobster Mac n cheese that ended up being served with no lobster and no bacon... Bacon chunks were brought after the fact. I ordered the meat & cheese board and was never asked my preferences on either. The cheeses were very random and not very good. The sliced salami was the size of a quarter. The best item of the night was the Winter Sangria, very good. Although Nosh is closer to where I live,  I probably won't go back to this place as there are 2 other wine bars in Chandler that are far better.
5	I went here for lunch with a friend last week and I have to say it was one of the nicest most de-stressing lunch, with some of the most delicious food! We ordered 4 bruchettas  and the cauliflower / squash risotto. We were so impressed we order the bread pudding for desert.  We can't wait to go back and bring friends!
5	Thank you for a lovely Sunday lunch. This locally owned place is a ten minute walk for me. Whee! It was nice to have a gluten free meal.
5	I came here the friday after Christmas with an intimate group of friends, and I was absolutely smitten with the place. The owners were fantastic, the staff were friendly and knowledgeable. The food was impecable, the drinks were great and basically personalized to taste. We all sent our drinks and food around the table a couple times. We enjoyed the 3 way bruschetta (you can't go wrong with any, as long as you love cheese!),  portebello and balsalmic pizzette, ,pesto and shrimp pizzette, the lobster mac and cheese, and the rabbit ravioli. Dessert included cherry bourboun icecream/smoked porter float, and the chocolate bread pudding. Drinks were many, and merry. The deconstructed coffee was a table favorite though, I highly recommend it! An A++ place, and I bet with happy hour, it's not even worth going anywhere else! It's really nice to enjoy a chef owned restaurant in a part of town that is riddled with corporate establishments.Go and try it! You will not be disappointed! Do it now!
4	This tiny little place, a little off the beaten path, on the side of a strip mall, next to a dry cleaners, is a great little find! The atmosphere is dark and relaxing. It does appear to be an older crowd, 40+. The kitchen is open with  high top seating around it. Makes me wonder if this was a sushi bar before??? We just had the happy hour specials, baby back ribs, 3 of them loaded with fall-off-the-bone meat. Also had the pork sliders and the bruschetta. $45 for 4 glasses of wine and 3 decent sized apps! I will say I'm a bruschetta snob (love my Postino's), but they were all very good, the fig and apple was my fave! Will definitely be coming back to enjoy another HH!
3	The name of this restaurant is very descriptive. Nosh - (verb) meaning to snack or eat between meals.My husband and I decided to go here for a date night last Saturday because we love to support local, family owned businesses. Looking at the website should have been our first red flag, because the home page is a bit narcissistic. But we dug down to the menu and both found things we wanted to try. Upon arrival, we were warmly greeted by a pleasant server and someone behind the bar. While agreeing that the atmosphere was great, we chose to sit in the comfy lounge area. For starters, we split the beet and kale salad ($11) and for the entrees, I ordered the eggplant and artichoke plate ($15) and my husband got the wild boar bolognese ($18). The salad came out and we both really liked it, but thought it was on the small side. We didn't dwell too much on the size of the salad, because we knew our entrees would fill us up.  Were we ever wrong!  When my plate came out, I was shocked to see one piece of eggplant with one piece of artichoke stacked on top of a polenta cake. Cutting into it was impossible as the sauce made it so slick, the stack collapsed and everything fell all over the plate. Now I had sauce in the very small garnish salad on the plate. Aside from the mess on my plate, the dish itself was okay. Not fabulous by any means, but it was good.  I just wish there was more of it. What I had in front of me, should have been described as a small plate or an appetizer for one. My husband didn't have any complaints about his wild boar bolognese, other than there wasn't enough of it. As we were almost done eating, the server brought out one slice of a toasted baguette, apologizing that he forgot to bring it out with my husbands meal.  Seriously, one piece of bread for the table?After eating every last drop on our plates, we looked at the dessert menu and didn't see anything that wowed us as the selection looked very pedestrian.  Plus we weighed the cost of our three dishes, with the portions we received, and decided it wasn't worth spending $5-7 for maybe two or three bites of dessert. So, after tax and tip, for $55+, we went home and had to "nosh" on some food, because Nosh just didn't cut it for us.
5	Have been waiting to try this place for a while and finally got the chance to go, and the food was spectacular! We decided to do drinks and some snacks and ended up getting carried away as the food was so good. We started with a bottle of white wine..it was excellent and also had their nosh board. Very tasty. We then decided to try a pizzette the one with apple and Gorgonzola...Delish! I almost wanted to hug the chef. Why haven't I been here before? I was kicking myself. We ended things off with the pecan pie. Wowzahs!!! Might be one of the best I've ever had. Thank you Nosh! I am happy we are neighbors.
3	Nice environment, cozy.  Lots of beer and wine to choose from which is nice.We ordered the salad with the warmed pear on it.  it tasted good but it was tiny.  for $12.95 I expect a large salad, not a small dinner salad.We also ordered the mixed grill for $26.95.  This had 4 very small pork chops on it.  They tasted pretty good but each one was about a total of 4 bites.We were still hungry so we ordered something else.  Our server completely forgot about that and brought us our bill.  When we asked where our food was she said it would be 10 or so minutes so we decided to just go home to fill our stomachs.for $50 plus dollars i expect to be somewhat full.
5	I've been here two nights in a row and have 0 complaints. The staff, food , environment are amazing. Cannot complain at all.
5	Love this place.  Went there for the first time yesterday and found a great vibe, excellent food, unique spirits and wine/beer, and cool people.  Tabitha was fantastic at the bar and Mark was super passionate about their offerings.  We really enjoyed talking to them.  We ordered the wild boar bolognese over home made pappardelle.  I don't know the chef's name but that dish is unbelievable.  We split it and ordered another for take out.  As soon as we walked in the door at home we wolfed that down as well.  Drink wise we ordered the Adventure Cocktail, a couple glasses of a red blend, their home made cherry infused bourbon, and a super smooth grappa.  I think it was called Tagliatella.  Enjoyed everything.  Will be back very soon.
4	If Nosh implements a bruschetta & wine deal- move over Postino! Also try the Beets over Kale- fantastic!
5	I've been coming to Nosh for about a year and it's my "go to" for girls' night, happy hour or date night. I've put off writing my review because I'm worried everyone will find out about "my" Nosh and how wonderful it is! Stacey, the owner is a lovely person, not to mention a talented chef. Wendy, the manager is one of my favorite people! My wine at Nosh is a red, called Pinot Patch and it's my very favorite wine EVER! Very drinkable, even for people who aren't big wine drinkers. The menu is always changing and I love the mixed olives, the bruschetta and the pizzette. It's good stuff! If you're headed there on a weekend, call ahead to reserve yourself a table! Cheers!
5	This quaint little restaurant was highly recommended by our great friends, who love in Chandler and are regulars to Nosh.All I can say is Amazing!!!!!.  The food was magnificent both in quality and taste.  We sat at the bar that faces the kitchen, seeing the proprietor/chef (Stacey) interact with her crew as they prepare their incredible creations was an added fun and entertaining experience .They work with such synchronicity and passion it reflects in the quality and taste of their dishes.  As an added bonus you will find Stacey taking the time to walk the floor to make sure all clients are pleased with their orders.Finally although we walked away pleased beyond belief, we did feel a little guilty at how much we paid for this amazing meal, needless to say, it's beyond reasonable.  In my husbands words"We need a place like this both in Michigan and Huntington Beach""We would be here twice a week if this place was near either of our homes"
5	We tried this after a friend's recommendation.  It is now one of our favorite places to dine!  I've had the bruschetta and pizzette and both were great.  My husband had the lamb and wild boar chops which he thoroughly enjoyed.  The bar has quite a selection but I've enjoyed the Sangria most of all.  The staff are friendly and the food freshly prepared.  Although it is new restaurant, I predict it will be the "in" place for neighborhood and surrounding areas.
4	I recently discovered this little gem and will definitely go back.  I really enjoyed the comfy atmosphere and all the very friendly staff members. The bruschetta and wine were really good too! Great place!
3	I liked it. Didnt love it. But the service was spot on. They were  fast and efficient.  The food was good but a little over priced for the offering.  Very good wine and atmosphere.
3	I saw that the reviews of Nosh was either really promising, or really negative. I decided to see for myself, and to my surprise I understood why this separation in partisanship is. My attempt to walk in unbiased was fairly successful. I felt that the ambiance was nice and cozy. The menu was limited and not as innovative as I had expected. beer and wine selection seems fair, and I did have my sample of some interesting brews over my party's visit. The happy hour\Do not waste your time hasting to fit the window, because if you do you may partake in their happy hour deals. These are a crock! I had three: The fancy rice ball - wasn't good (others in party did like it). Deep fried artichoke - exactly what it sounds like, and pointless.Shrimp cocktail - waste of dishes. The food\We had several orders of different samples of the bruschetta. Not special, not bad. The Charcuterie Cheese Board. Not impressive. The Nosh. I expected the namesake of the establishment to be good, edgy and/or esperimental. I was wrong.Dessert. Seriously and remarkably unimpressive. (Nutella on toast is breakfast in Germany) Sentence\I had a great time here. The service from the door on is fine. The food was overall a disappointment, but the beer selection is fair. The ambiance is nice and I like how it is decorated and everything. People that come here for an escape, might get what they came for and thus give this place a high rating. I don't blame them, because that's how I feel. But if you come and believe that an establishment that call themselves Gastropub and let the limelight shine down on Chef Stacey - I become far from impressed.I want to like Nosh. I want to like it a lot. If it was more pub and less Castro, I would have just written it off as that. Now I cannot, due to the fact that the proportions are the very opposite. Chef Stacey I want to be impressed, but I was let down. If there is one think I can be a dilettante connoisseur on, its pub food. I will come back, but only to Nosh the Pub.
5	I have been there twice now and it is consistently great!. Wine selection, food and service are some of the best I have had.  The owner takes the time to ensure everything is perfect and pleasant.  She is a credit to Chef's everywhere.
3	Good location but needs better signage for sure... came here during HH, nice $5 wine list, the worst calamari plate I've ever had... it was basically a plate of deep fried bread crumbs with nothing in & way too much olive oil drizzled on the veggies.Ordered some pasta from the dinner menu... super blend, didn't even finish 1/3 of the plate. Nice, cozy place tho, just don't come here with an empty stomach.
5	Love love love this place. Living in south Tempe the last 2 years, it is so refreshing to finally have a locally owned bistro in town. We went in early on a Saturday night... Service was great, atmosphere was really nice. We sat in the super comfy chairs in the lounge. We each enjoyed a glass of wine. Our server was underage so he couldn't really recommend anything but the bartender came out and let us sample several things until we found one we liked. To eat, we each started off with salads. I had the beet salad and hubby had the roasted pear. I don't usually eat cheese or dressing so ordered both on the side so he could taste. To my surprise the goat cheese was slightly fried and the dressing was light and delicious so I indulged in both. For dinner my husband had the elk shank and I had their special, the venison tenderloin. We were both super impressed. My husband even tried the bone marrow for the first time. Interesting texture, but it was yummy was very yummy. And for dessert, of course we had to have the pecan pie. So great without being too super sweet... And the crust was buttery and delicious. We also had the daily homemade ice cream, apple made with coconut milk.Overall experience was better than expected and I can't wait to go back.So so so excited to have a new local treat!
5	We have been to Nosh several times for both dinner and brunch and are never disappointed. For dinner you can't beat the bruschetta and a bottle of wine. It is probably the best bruschetta that we've ever had. Also the wild boar ragu is an excellent entree. Their Sunday brunch has great mimosas and excellent eggs Benedict and eggs Florentine. Some reviews have commented on portion size, while I agree they're on the smaller side, it's a classic size French portion. As far as service goes, it is always excellent. The chef frequently comes out to check on your meal and chat with customers.
2	Went here for brunch on Mother's Day. Chairs were comfy & atmosphere was relaxing so we were sooo disappointed the food was so so. We got the bruschetta which was just bread piled with veggies- no spreads or cheese (1had mozzarella ) for "glue" so the veggies just tumbled off. We had eggs Benedict & the muffin wasn't toasted so it just disintegrated. Plus it just didn't taste very good. I'm so sad we won't be going back.
5	Why haven't I stopped in here before?? I do not know but won't let too much time slip by before I stop in again. Friendliest service ever and a great wine list. Four beers on tap and the rest are in bottles, served up in a cold glass. Nice. The warm olives were dynamite - really truly good. And so was the bruschetta, especially the squash blossom. YUM with a capital YUM. We also shared the charcuterie plate and it was nice - great bread too. The bourbon chocolate pecan pie was the tastiest pecan pie I've ever had and I love pecan pie. The salted ice cream was delish as well. Quite a treat here at Nosh!!
4	The food was great - we had the French boned Pork Chop, Grilled Cheese and Gorgonzola Pear Salad. Everything was delicious and the dessert was to die for - Chocolate Pecan Pie. Chef Stacey was great and our waiter, Mark was awesome as well. He was so knowledgeable! Great nite and delish food!
5	My wife and I adored his place. The service was great, the food was outstanding, the ambiance was cozy, and we will definitely return. We started with a sampling of bruschetta, then onto the elk shank, the white pizza, and finished with a salted caramel ice cream and chocolate basil torte for dessert. The portion sizes were perfect, the prices were very reasonable (especially for the quality of the food), and I've been to few other places where I felt more at home on my first visit. There were many regulars, lots of good conversation, and even a personal visit from the owner herself. If you're in the area, you should definitely stop by for a visit to this amazing local gastropub.
1	I really debated about writing this review. So many good and bad things to say the food was good - but just that, portions were skimpy on somethings and heavy on others, bread came out cold and barely toasted, side salads were only greens which just looked sad on a plate all by themselves. For a $20 entree a piece of fish and some lettuce is ridiculous. Muscles were ice cold and there were only about 10 in a big bowl so it looked horrible and instantly cooled off the muscles which had no garnish, barely any sauce and cold bread. Flat bread was delicious, Cheese platter was a good mix of meats and cheeses but still underwhelming. Wine list was good, red sangria good and beer selection good but a lot of heavier beers for summer time.What really bothered me was my sisters fish came out raw. Not just sort of under cooked, were talking barely touched on the grill. Honestly, it happens no big deal! We kindly asked our server if we could get the fish cooked a little more and she happily agreed. She took it to the cook ( a younger gentleman) and asked him to re fire, He then grabbed the plate and said " what does she want me to f*#king burn it?" Nosh is a small restaurant with an open kitchen where sound travels. My sister was immediately embarrassed and felt horrible. Not how you want to be treated when spending over $200 on a meal. To add insult to injury it appears their method for fixing the issue was to get us a free $6 dessert that we had no intentions of ordering anyways. Gee thanks. I told the server quietly that I had over heard the Cook talking about our table and I got a genuine I am sorry and then she said " you know chefs". Why yes, yes I do know chefs, I have worked with them for over 12 years and I would be embarrassed if that happened on my watch. I doubt we will be back.
5	Just had the Ribeye steak with blue cheese on top. OMG! Combined with the fantastic desert, it was a gastronomic explosion. Plus the staff is really friendly. Fun place. Definitely worth 5 stars for me.
2	Well, husband, son and I decided to try again. Bruschetta has improved since original visit. Also, the lemon tart dessert was good. Dinner Menu options quite different than before, but that is a good thing.  I like when restaurants are updating and not serving same old food.  I wish I could say I loved the food, but I was really disappointed.  I got the "last serving" of the copper river salmon. Based on the cut I received, they should have "86'd" it before serving the weird cut with a huge center line through it that was inedible. It was also overcooked and there was no sauce on it. Served with wilted greens and then to fill up the plate, a tiny bit of salad greens.  Greens and greens on same plate? Can't spring for a small serving of roasted veg or starch? Husband had pork chop, also served with greens and greens. He thought it was okay, but terribly under seasoned and I thought overcooked. Son had ribeye with blue cheese. He was surprised to just see blue cheese crumbles on top. He thought there would be a delicious blue cheese sauce. If you are going to serve small plates, they need to be really thoughtful--sauces, salsas, relish--are a necessity to complete the protein! His meat was fatty throughout. At least he got some sort of chewy corn dish on the side, not just greens and greens. It was super chewy but flavorful. Probably the only thing we ate with a hint of flavor and seasoning. We wish we could love this place. I wish they would taste their food before serving it. I'm a person that never puts a salt shaker on the table, but in this case, I was so glad to have one on the table! Service was great. That is why 2 stars instead of just one for food.
3	Super friendly staff. That made the evening enjoyable. But the food was, I hate to say this, not good. I ordered frogs legs and they tasted frozen and the breading was really greasy. The salad was just a pile of leaves on a plate. My partner ordered lobster rolls and while the lobster was flavorful, the rolls reminded me of Wonder Bread. It's not fair, probably, that the night before coming to nosh we went to a very elegant restaurant in Scottsdale and had an unbelievable meal. But to be honest, the prices were not that much higher at the other restaurant.
4	Nosh is a fabulous neighborhood restaurant in Chandler.  The food is amazing, the servers are friendly and the selection of wine is awesome.  A few nights ago we dined there for the third time.  Even though we were there during the week, a musician was playing and he made our dining experience even better.  The curtains on the windows closing out the "real world" make you relax and enjoy your experience even more.  We will be back.I have read the other reviews, some are good, some not so good.  Nosh is a restaurant where you are not going to get a gigantic portion that you need to take home.  They serve smaller portions and there are a variety of different, interesting dishes.  This time around we had a small pizza, eggplant, bruschetta and a lobster roll dish.  All were delicious, especially the bruschetta which is quite possibly my favorite of all time. We enjoy the variety Nosh offers, the nice atmosphere and the wonderful food.  It is a delight to have such a high quality restaurant right around the corner.  My only comment to the chef, please being back the lobster macaroni and cheese!
5	I love Nosh! It's wonderful to have such a delicious, trendy, and locally owned business in the neighborhood. I have been to Nosh for just drinks, appetizers and drinks, as well as dinner. Every time, it was delicious and the staff was friendly. I love the changing menu. It's a surprise each time and gives me a chance to try something new.
2	I wanted to like this place, a local gastropub, what could be better? It started well, good cocktail for me and the husband had wine. Nice selection of both--not your average lists. Then we ordered the cheeseboard--and was happy with not only the amount of cheese but the meats as well. Here's where we should have stopped and walked away. I would have given it 4 stars at that point. But then we all ordered dinner--bad choice. I ordered the chicken dish...was supposed to be stuffed with Brie and apples, don't remember finding either, and after a few bites in, found the chicken wasn't cooked all the way. Yikes! The sides were nothing to sing about either, some lettuce with a little dressing, and some cooked spinach. For $15 I would have expected more. Everyone else ordered prime rib, which was a small cut, and had nothing fancy about the sides. Lastly, we ordered the ice cream: salted caramel. When they said Salted, they meant it! I think they forgot the caramel. Was really bad. They did take off the charge for both my raw chicken and the salt ice cream, but that left a bad taste in my mouth....literally. If you go---stick to happy hour or a late night drink and appetizer with friends! Those were decent--and the staff was very friendly.
4	Great atmosphere and amazing service.  S/O to TJ who was our friendly and personable waiter who was more than knowledgeable on the menu and able to make some suggestions.  The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because I have yet to explore any of their food selections.  I'll be back though. It's nice to have a place like this so close to home.
5	I have been wanting to go here for a few weeks now, so I dragged my mom to try Nosh Arizona out with me. By the end of the meal, we were both extremely happy we ended up coming here instead of our other options.To start with when you enter through the doors of the strip-mall restaurant, it feels like you have just entered into another world. There's a classy bar, plush seating, and candles lighting every table. They even hired a classical guitarist to provide wonderful background music, further deepening the dining experience. We were guided to a cozy table, where we were given a concise menu of food along with a populous menu of available wines. I was impressed by how substantial their wine list was for such a intimate restaurant.We ended up getting a variety of bruschetta for dinner - the goat cheese with caramelized onions and prosciutto brittle was our favorite - and both had a glass or two of wine (I enjoyed their Pino Nero while my mom swished down a glass of their Sentall Chardonnay). The wait staff was friendly and unobtrusive, offering us time to enjoy our meal and each others' company. Towards the end of the meal, even the owner of the restaurant approached us and informed us about Monday wine tastings that they were wanting to start.Nosh Arizona provided a wonderful evening and I intend to make a second appearance to try out their entrees and, of course, their specialty wines. Who knows, I might even make it to the wine tastings if I'm feeling a bit adventurous!
4	I enjoyed the atmosphere, very relaxing environment with a friendly staff. I ordered the New England lobster roll because I am born and raised from Boston Massachusetts. I wanted to see if they where producing the same quality we do back home and as i expected not even close, complete let down.  Edible abd a decent lobster roll to the taste, however that's not how they are served back home.  I will return for sure for the wine abd possibly the other food items.
5	This was our first visit, but certainly not our last.  The food and wine were wonderful, and the service and atmosphere was equally as good.  It is a small, intimate restaurant and reminded us a great deal of some of the small neighborhood restaurants in NYC.
4	TL;DR: Excellent food, good atmosphere, service good but could improve. We've been to Nosh twice now, so I feel confident that our first two experiences are representative of a typical experience. For starters, I had the Watermelon Chile Gazpacho. It's an interesting twist on gazpacho; a refreshing lite appetizer. The flavors are subtle and nicely balanced. I would've preferred a bit more chile oil heat, but that's not a criticism of the dish; I just tend to prefer more heat in my dishes than most people.I ordered a traditional gin martini. It was made with "The Botanist" gin and was insanely good: smooth gin with a subtle juniper flavor, exactly the right amount of vermouth, served ice cold with a single blue cheese olive. Elegant, tasty and very, very dangerous. I can't wait to have another one.The Charcuterie & Cheese Board was a pleasant surprise. It consisted of three different cheeses, (a gouda and two semi-soft goat cheeses), three sausages, (sopressata, capecola and chorizo), plus Chef Stacy's homemade baguettes, almonds and dried fruit. This style of appetizer is becoming more popular around town, but I have seldom seen it done this well. All three cheeses were interesting and flavorful and paired very well with the sausages. I'm really not a fan of sopressata, and this one did nothing to change my mind, but Caroline really enjoyed it. (Like the chile oil in the gazpacho, this is not a criticism, just a matter of personal taste.) What amazed me about the dish was the size of the serving: it was plenty of food for two people and would've made a sufficient appetizer for three people. I didn't expect to enjoy this nearly as much as I did. Very good.The Pork Chop Calvados may have been the best pork chop I've ever eaten. "Subtle" is the key word on this dish. It was ridiculously moist and juicy and full of rich pork chop flavor, but the quality of the pork and the subtle complex flavors of the apple brandy cream sauce elevated this dish into the upper echelons of Chandler-area food. I normally try to eat my way through an entire menu before repeating anything, but I enjoyed this dish so much I am tempted to repeat it on my next trip to Nosh. It was that good.Caroline raved about the lobster roll. I'm not a lobster roll fan, but I did taste the lobster; it was sweet and tender as fresh lobster should be. (I am amazed that we can get seafood this fresh in Arizona.) Her comments were that the meat was tender, succulent, sweet, fresh and not overcooked. The roll was grilled, buttered and served warm and absolutely stuffed with cold lobster; "the way it should be", according to my Boston-born-and-bred partner. The proportions between bread and lobster were right, but she would have preferred a less doughy roll. Not a criticism of the quality of the roll, just a preference for a different style of roll. Furthermore, she raved about the price: $21. She just paid $18 in Boston for a genuine Fanueil Hall lobster roll which wasn't as big and didn't taste any fresher. She said it was just as good as a real east coast lobster roll. High praise indeed.She also had the Crab Salad  and commented that it was well seasoned, tasted fresh,  and was refreshing and light. I've observed such a dearth of interesting desserts at most restaurants I frequent in Chandler that it made me suspect desserts were going out of style. But not at Nosh. Oh no.If you ever doubted the existence of God, the Chocolate Bourbon Pecan Pie should restore your faith. I fear if I fully express how deeply and passionately I loved this dessert you would think me slightly unhinged. Just trust me: if you order nothing else, go to Nosh for the Chocolate Bourbon Pecan Pie. If you don't like it, leave the rest for me. I will eat the leftovers, then lick the plate clean, then probably lick up whatever crumbs fell on the table and finally sniff whatever Pecan Pie aromas remain in the air until I am sated.Yeah, it was pretty good.Ginger Chili coffee: I've never seen anything like this on any menu anywhere. I'll try almost anything with chile in it, so I had to try this. It was fun, subtle, (there's that word again), interesting and - most surprising - refreshing.  Seriously, even though it was hot coffee, the ginger-chili combo my refreshed my palate and cleared my head like ice water on hot a day. It was amazing & unlike anything I've ever tried. Definitely worth a repeat.Caroline had the Deconstructed Coffee. She enjoyed it. I was too busy orgasming over the pie and coffee to give it my full attention, but it looked really funThe atmosphere is casual and intimate, the music not too loud. My only complaint is that our waiters during both visits were not as intimately acquainted with the details of the menu as I would have preferred. This is an area where Nosh can improve, but it's only a tiny complaint as otherwise the service was attentive without being intrusive.Highly recommended.
5	I went here for the first time this weekend and it was amazing. Great food and great service! I then proceeded to go the next night and wasn't disappointed!!
5	I went here with a Meet-up group and had a great experience. The food, service and atmosphere was terrific! We all enjoyed ourselves and will return.
2	So it was my birthday. My lovely fiance looked on Yelp and saw that this place supposed to be good. I say yeah sure whatever lets go. We arrive the place has great ambiance, wino theme with some rustic touches. I think great this is neat.  We order our drinks  and our bruschetta.   The bruschetta was great    Before hand we ordered our meals, the fiance got the bacon wrapped quail. I got the stuffed pork chop. Thinking this place has such great reviews this should be good. As I cut into my meal  it looks okay from the outside, it's stuffed so no worries. I further investigated my meat and it was PINK. Which makes me automatically lose my appetite. My fiance was concerned with how small the bird was for the price.  We tell our waitress , Jennifer who was great.  She comes back asking if I want a new one or a refire on the pork. I just respond I was done and that was it.  The fiance states for 2 oz of quail wrapped in 2 pieces of bacon and a few fork fulls of greens it wasn't worth the 19 dollars. Overall I am not thrilled with what I ate. Especially with the protocol on how to cook meat. I will be kind and give 2 stars for Jennifer she was dope.   If I end up puking tonight or get a tape worm, this will be a one star vote.
5	Found this gem through yelp and loved it! My boyfriend  and I were here for a casual Tuesday night and found my favorite wine on the menu!  I cam only find it so far at one other restaurant. The bruchetta was shareable I liked that they cut it for 2,I always run into 3 slices which then we fight over! But the flavors were incredible! The goat cheese was loaded on and so creamy! The baked pear salad was heavenly too and the chocolate pecan pure with salted Carmel ice cream melted perfectly in your mouth!  I can't wait to come for brunch as they make eggy in a basket,  I haven't been able to find that besides my own kitchen!
5	Great gastropub, great hours and great cocktails.  We had a pork belly appetizer that was outstanding!  The braised beef was so tender and tasty and the portions of everything are PERFECT!  The home made salted caramel ice cream on home made chocolate pecan pie was unnecessary but soooooo necessary!!!!!  Will be back!!
5	I love this sweet little place. The food and beverages are unique and taste wonderful. The staff is warm and genuine. The atmospheres is intimate and inviting.
3	This was our (wife) trip to Nosh and would consider going again if we happen to be in the area.  They had a decent selection of craft brew (light on the tap selection) and an average wine list.  We started with a few of the bruschetta and split the mac'n cheese and the ribeye.  The mac'n cheese seemed more buttery than cheese, but had some good flavor.  The steak was a pretty thin cut (8oz), but was cooked per order and the carrots that came with were slightly under cooked, but no big deal.  So, no complaints on the food and the service was okay.  My only beef was the the dish prices seemed a few bucks higher then they should be for a gastropub and the fare offered.
5	This is my type of place. I felt so fancy **Queue IGGY song as entrance music**The waitresses were very down to earth and knew a lot about wine and helped you figure out what to get.For food we got the meat and cheese platter. My one complaint is there should be room on this platter to put all of hte extra bread that it comes with. I gave up my plate so we could place the bread on there and actualyl get to teh meat and cheese. I know this is how it is served but... you are making it hard for me to keep my well mannered fancy facade here. :DDefinitely will be returning.
4	Great service, cozy atmosphere, tasty food. A little pricey, but all made from scratch, fresh ingredients prepared with love.
4	I've only been here a couple of times, both for the happy hour wine specials.  The atmosphere inside is very romantic, and quiet. I like to come here with my wife for a quick mini date night.
