3	I'm torn...torn I tell you.  I wanted to love Bobby's...I really did.  I wanted to give it at least one more star....but, alas, I can't.  Let's start with the good. Shall we?  I think we shall.As I walked into Bobby's I was struck by how tastefully decorated it was. Very classy, very courteous hostesses who took care of us even on a Saturday night without a reservation. We sat outside with plenty of heaters available to keep even the cold-blooded members of our party very comfortable.The food was really deserving of 4 stars. Excellent bread brought to the table, very good food. I had the paella. Some of the better paella I've had in awhile. One of my dinner companions said, "Not to the level of paella I had in Spain, but very good."  Fresh quality ingredients, and about the perfect amount. Not a skimpy dish. I also tried the grilled sea-bass, and the swordfish. I would order either one of these also with no fear. Both excellent.  My Grey Goose slightly dirty martini with blue cheese stuffed olives was also perfect! :)Now for the not so good. Wait staff was very friendly but not particularly efficient. Even after noting that it was a Saturday evening, still a little slow.  One of the dinners was burnt in the kitchen, so we were informed by the manager (very nice) that her sea bass would be delayed. Not a big deal, things happen. My biggest problem is the music. It says all over the place that they have live jazz. Since when do tired old Motown classics count as jazz? I didn't hear any jazz that night.  Just some R&B covers sung marginally. So....will I go there again? Yes.  Will it be for the music? Not likely...I'll be going for the food!  LOL
5	Bobby's is my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale. The first night I got there, I went straight to the top of the stairs and had the special. The second night I went there, I had the very same thing. I cannot remember a more satisfying dinner. First impressions are everything.Apparently, nobody knows Bobby's until you say Bobby Mancuso, who's something of a hotshot in the Valley of the Sun. And fortunately for you, most of the yuppies head to various other fancy restaurants in the Kierland area. For now, you can pretty much walk into Bobby's unannounced and have a first class meal. Upstairs is just the kind of bar I would put together if I had the money. All top shelf stuff, and and old guy behind the counter. Jazz pianist over in the corner (although this guy had electronics ), room enough to eat at the bar or at small tables, excellent music and the TVs silent. Bobby's has a serious menu. You can get caviar and Stoli here.  You can get tortilla soup. You can get Clams Casino. Something about Clams Casino that's a touch more classy than Oysters Rockefeller. But you can get them too, or escargot. See what I'm saying? If you want to get to a man like me, you need to know that Ceasar Salad is made with an egg and you *always* put in the anchovies. They obliged me with extra fish. I had the special steak. I think there was a combo of the Roberto and the Gorgonzola, but I know that I had stuffed prawns with it as well. Oh mama! Like I said, it was incredibly satisfying. Service at Bobby's is top notch. The staff is attentive, efficient and well-mannered. They're not too pushy or overly dramatic. See, I can already that I like Bobby. He's my kind of guy, and this is just the kind of signature restaurant to have.  You really should splurge here, all the extras are worth it. I really can't wait until he opens a joint on LA. Or wherever, because it's a long drive from here to there and I really want to see what he can do with Osso Buco.
3	"What's a Mancuso?" said Susy C to her friend."I dunno" he replied, "but let's go eat there so you can just say you did""Oh yeah sure, i'll just be like 'psh, hello guys, I had Mancuso's."Think Austin Powers meets a hodge podge of Asian, Italian and American restaurants. On my last day in Scottsdale, my pal and I happened across this restaurant whilst strolling along in Kierland.Okay I lie, and why the hell am I trying to talk all fancy? Being in Scottsdale is getting to my head!I was famished, dare I say starving and ready to chew my own arm off? Anyway, it was sunday, the restaurant was practically empty. Service was fair although they did forget our napkins. Food was decent, moderately priced. We split the calamari appetizer. My friend doesn't eat the little tentacles so I got to devour them myself, YES!I had the Ahi Tuna Salad while my friend had a small house salad which is a HUGE plate of salad for $5. I mean seriously, I could've been satisfied off that thing! Okay i'm lying again, I eat a lot and it wouldn't have filled me up. My friend also had the linguini with clams in white sauce. It smelled good, but I don't think it was that great.At the end of our meal I half expected Mike Meyers to walk down the stairs and exclaim "yeaa baby yeaaa! Do I make you rrrrrrrrrrandy?"
3	Hit this place up while pitching a business looking for funding to a VC. Not the best choice! The mojito martinis we started off with were superb. Everything went downhill from there. The appetizers (escargot, oysters rockefeller and lobster ravioli) were all so sub-par that we decided to skip main entrees.
3	The food was excellent at this restaurant. I had the little pasta purses and I would have gobbled up every single one but they were competing with the bottle of wine and the salad that I share with my friend. The salad was also excellent. if they weren't having a half-priced wine sale I would say the wine here would have been too overpriced for me.The interior decoration was... how you say... ODD. Can't quite figure out what exactly they were going for. And the jazz that night was soooo horrible. I hope it was horrible on purpose because no one should have to be subjected to "Uptown Girl" done in bad jazz. :(Service was not consistent. There was a really overly wanting to please guy. And then a guy that kept looking at us but never really responding. And then our waiter who was more interested in the table next to us. And the the manager who rushed about angrily. But we did get all of our food in a timely manner and they refilled our glasses once.So go for the food, but not for the music.
4	We ate in the lounge - drinks were great, music seemed pretty solid to me.  Cover band really put the vibe at a much lower key given the price and atmosphere - a lot more comfortable than you might expect given the decor.  Also lack of people there - the whole restaurant, not just the lounge, was not busy at all at 7:30-10:30ish on a Saturday night.  Food - deserving of four stars.  The specials were by all accounts amazing, no one had anything left over.  Skip dessert was the consensus among my group.
4	So I had just gotten back from Barcelona (not the restaurant, the city) and fell in love with Spanish food. So when I came here I saw squid ink ravioli with lobster cream sauce. YUM! I'm all over it. Sadly, my poor friend had extreme morning sickness so I could not get all the unique items and we had to dine and run. but i would definitely go back and order a cocktail and eat this again. i love the ambiance, very modern and fun. Good for girls night out.
4	Bobby's, the Mancuso Restaurant is no longer a Mancuso Restaurant. They sold the one at the summit, so it is now just Bobby's.My first time in the restaurant was last night. We didn't even know where to find the place. It was an eventful night to say the least. We arrived and realized my buddy still had his gun on his hip so went back to the truck to put that in the glove box (can't carry in a place that serves alcohol. We got back to the truck I'd owned for one hour, and realized I'd locked myself out of it. Once the AAA guy came we were good to go.Back into the restaurant, it was dead downstairs at 8:30 so we went up to the lounge where they had a live piano/vocalist that was very entertaining. Beautiful bar upstairs which is very dark in colors and lighting. Downstairs is all white, with a little more lighting, and would be a nice place to take a second or third date or celebrate a somewhat special occasion. The restaurant really feels like two places in one. A trendy, fun, bar atmosphere that can cater to the more sophisticated younger crowds or the older crowds. Then the dining room feels very upscale, chic, New York City trendy but not-too trendy.Our dinner we both agreed was great. Started off with the calamari fritti (11) which came with a tomato wine sauce that I thought was less than stellar, but the calamari was delicious by itself thankfully. The other app we tried was the stuffed mushrooms (10) which came in a dish of 6. They were well stuffed with sausage, garlic, cheese, and covered with alfredo sauce. It was a great dish that we both enjoyed. We had Veal Oscar and Veal Saltimbocca (27/29) for our entrees. I tried both and really preferred my Saltimbocca which was wrapped in prosciutto with ricotta cheese and a great cream sauce. The Veal was not really tender, and seemed as though it had been cooked a little on the long side. I like my abused baby cow to be tender as it gets. The service here is perfect to a T. The gentleman who was our waiter upstairs never missed a beat and all of our food came out very quickly. One thing that he did reveal to us is they offer one free refill on soft drinks, and then charge again. He didn't charge me for my 5 iced teas, but said normally they do. That is kind of cheap.Dinner for two with no alcohol - $82 + tip - not too bad for a place like this. I'll definitely do it again.
3	Friday night during prime time for snowbirds is a tough time to find somewhere to eat when you don't want to wait and you don't have a reservation somewhere.We learned this the hard way last week... My parents decided that Kierland Commons would be a good place to meet my brother and I for dinner.  PF Changs is where they told us to meet.  I suggested they get there early as there would be a wait.  Did they listen? Nope!  So as I am pulling into the parking lot I get a call on my cell phone from my mom saying the wait at PF Changs is over an hour... and then my brother told me to meet them at Bobby's instead."Yikes - I think i may be under dressed for Bobby's" is what I was thinking... afterall, I was in a t-shirt and jeans and flip flops.  Oh well...  I walked in and upstairs where I found my family seated in the lounge area.  At least we didn't have to wait!I was under-impressed with the service and food - especially for the prices.  The music in the lounge made it difficult to hear each other, and normally, I love music... but it was just ok.  The waitress needed to be reminded about my drink, but she was pleasant. My mom enjoyed her seared ahi tuna salad, my dad and brother both licked their plates clean and commented on the generous servings for the lobster fra diavolo, and I had the chilean seabass - go figure!I would not order the sea bass again... the mango relish was not so appealing in my opinion, but I would return for happy hour or if someone else was footing the bill. Like Jane A said in her review, "this place did not 'wow' me... it was just good."
4	Can I give it 3.5 stars? Okay, I'm givin' it 4! I've been to Bobby's twice now and been really pleased with both the food and the ambiance. We've had very attentive service as well. But I've decided the kicker is to take advantage of specials. For example, the first time I went was for AZ Restaurant Week where I was able to try a prix fixe menu for a reasonable price. Last night I had my best friend from Kindergarten visiting who is a food disector... she literally takes food apart and re-distributes everything before taking the most finicky little bites. So I knew I needed a menu that was good, but had lots of variety with few surprises. I digress; we were ALL over that happy hour. Here's the thing, you get half-priced apps from 4-7pm along with the drinks specials. Since we needed to sit for a while and catch up,  we got a couple glasses of wine and dug in. The rundown: Crab Cake and lobster ravioli - And I quote "as if crab cake and lobster ravioli on the same plate isn't good enough, they go the extra mile and top it with delicate lil shrimpies!" (she got a second order later)Eggplant rolletin - the thinnest, most tender eggplant, rolled up like a lil taquito with ricotta inside. (again, cause for a second order)Escargot burgougne - I figured my first exposure to escargot might as well have them stuffed in beloved mushrooms. I could give or take this one, it was chewy and burned my tongue... but the garlic/wine/butter-oil they were swimming in went great with the bread.Butternut squash raviolis - The stars of the evening, in my opinion... light, buttery, melt-in-your-mouth goodness. They have a hint of what I think I identified as clove or possibly nutmeg inside and are topped with a few diced tomatoes in a light, buttery sauce with a bit of sage. If I could ask for anything, it would be to have ordered a wine that paired better with them... love those lil guys!Dessert - Not on happy hour, but we needed stretch out the stay. Cheesecake was generously portioned (too big, really) but good. I had the dessert special that I can't remember the name of, but it was ice cream over strawberries, topped with an Italian custard... very tasty!It came to about $40 for each of us, but we stayed for hours and ate more than any normal human beings because that's what we do together... 6 dishes, desserts, and 4 glasses of wine for $80 isn't bad at all. While I love the food, the place always seems pretty empty, and the normal prices are just a bit steep... again, I want to give it 3.5 stars, but ya'll must try the squash!!!
2	Bobby's is in the upscale Kierland Mall.  We had been to  other restaurants in the mall and the concierge at the Westin resort suggested we try Bobby's. So we went there on a Tuesday night, It was empty except for the lounge upstairs where there was a lot of noise and several people.The food was mediocre - my veal shank was tough and chewy and came with lumpy mashed potatoes and overcooked asparagus. The dessert was also unexciting.Service was indifferent and the waitpersons had to be summoned for water.If you are in the mall there are other restaurants which have better food and service. Zinc Bistro comes to mind
4	I actually can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet.  Very nice atmosphere, wonderful food.  Haven't been here for drinks, only dinner twice, and both times we sat upstairs.  Someone else said the music was too loud, but we didn't find it so, perhaps because we were seated by the railing, away from the speakers.  My wife had what could only be described as a sampler:  pieces of 3 different meats, beef, veal and lamb.  It was a nightly special, so not on their menu, but all the individual parts of it are, and all were fabulous.  I had the veal marsala, which was also very good, as was the escargot.
4	Stopped in for a lunch and the place was dead...just me and wifey in a big empty restaurant...AWESOME.  So we started with Crabcak Ravioli, really good, flavorful.  The crabcake was good and crunchy, maybe re-deep fried but couldn't really tell, looked it but didn't taste like it.  So that was a good thing.  The raviolis were very good, delicate and filling was tastey and a lot of it.  Within the rossa sauce were baby shrimp that gave the dish good texture.  Split the house salad, a lot of veggies and good house vinagrette.  For main entree we split the halibut over linguine with same rossa sauce that went on the ravioli, and roasted peppers and baby broccoli....Having the sauce on appetizer and main entree in most places i would call this cheap and easy but the sauce was so good i needed more bread to lap it up, so throughly enjoyed both.  The fish was cooked perfect, moist and flaky.  We had the Lemon Berry cake/tort??  that was the best thing ever, like topping of a berry cobbler, lemon pudding middle, and walnutty tasting carrot cake consistancy cake on the bottom...i ordered another to go, that's how good that was.   Raphael was our server, great guy, fast and attentive (then again we were the only people there for lunch) and made all the choices for us and he was spot on. Don't know how it is at dinner but lunch was great.  Expensive but great...had 3 glasses of wine that started our bill at $30 so a $100 lunch and we split it....that maybe the only gripe i really had.
5	Staying at the Westin, and a walk over, and sat on patio for dinner, but wanted to be closer to music so we went upstairs, Service was excellent, she only had a appetizer, I went all out 12oz Lobster Tail, and Pasta Dish with Shrimp, and a bottle of wine, and save room for choc. brownie  Hit the spot, and bill under $200, but when food, company, and everything is perfect then it is worth it. Will be back, had live music, but was a slow night  customer wise.
4	Since my husband was out of town for Thanksgiving and because I don't like turkey or most other Thankgiving food, a girlfriend and I decided to go out to dinner for Thankgiving. We chose Bobby's because it was one of the few places we found that in addition to a special Thanksgiving menu, they were also offering their regular menu. Apparently quite a few other people had the same idea as us because when we arrived for our 4 pm reservations, both the downstairs and upstairs had significant crowds.We were seated upstairs which is the lounge. The lighting was perfect and my friend and I both enjoyed the metal chain curtains that surround the space. The piano player was amazing and set a great tone for the space and our meal. Plus anytime I get to hear good Billy Joel covers, I am happy! Service was good - when we asked a busboy for olive oil as our table didn't have any, he was quick to get it for us and our waitress was very sweet and did a great job despite being double or triple sat.On to the food...my friend and I both started with the caesar salad which was a good way to start our meal. My only complaint is that it came with anchovies on it - now I have ate many a caesar salad in my day and most places that serve it with anchovies list that they do in the menu, so it was quite a surprise when our salads came out with anchovies since it wasn't stated in the menu. Being one not to complain over something so minor, I picked them off and ate every bite of the salad - I especially like the seasoned croutons. For my dinner, I had the pesto chicken sandwich which was really good. The chicken was perfect and the sandwich was quite thick, so I wasn't able to finish it all. I especially liked how they used mozzarella on the sandwich which I think gave it just that little extra umph to make it really good. My girlfriend enjoyed her scallops that she ordered - she said they were cooked well and were not too chewy at all. For dessert we shared a slice of yellow cake with a cheesecake type filling. DELICIOUS! Despite being a tad full from our dinners, we still managed to eat every bite. Our bill came to $88 before tip (we also each had a glass of wine) which we did not think was bad at all.If you are in the Kierland area, Bobby's is a nice choice for a meal or even just to stop in to have a drink or two. I would recommend sitting upstairs as I liked the atmosphere up there quite a bit, and if you were downstairs, I think you would just be a bit too separated from the music and ambiance the establishment is trying to project.
4	Grilled Salmon, angel hair pasta bolognese entree fantastic. We adored the bruschetta appetizer.  Live music in the upstairs lounge but you can hear it from any seat. We really  loved the atmosphere.
4	We wanted to go somewhere there was live music playing and Bobby's came up in the search. Neither of us had ever been here before so decided to try it out.We made a booking a few hours before arriving on a Friday night and lucky we did as there was not a single empty seat. Our waitress was great, super fast and attended to us as soon as we were seated. I ordered a glass of the A for Acacia Pinot Noir and it was amazing. My husband who does not normally drink wine had a sip of this one and ordered another glass. I think he liked it because it was exceptionally smooth no acidic taste that non wine drinkers usually hate.I actually looked at the menu online before we arrived so knew exactly what I wanted...the Raspberry Duck.....wow.....I have had Orange Duck, Cherry Duck and Blackberry Duck but had yet to try Raspberry Duck.....this was truly delicious and went very well with the Pinot Noir. My husband ordered the Veal Marsala which he enjoyed but after tasting my Duck said he would be ordering that next time. The sauteed spinach that was served with the Veal Marsala was WAY TOO salty. The extra side of Sweet Potato Mash with Maple Butter was very good though.Our desserts of Tiramisu and Cheesecake were awesome : ) and went well with their delicious cappuccino. The ambience is very fun and original, the music was great on this night and the staff are wonderful.
4	The Vibe: Contemporary, colorful with a bit of traditional crispness thrown in for good measure.The Service: The hostess was cool although we had reservations. She suggested we wait while our booth was being prepared... but never told or showed us where to sit. I got the impression she was irritated. Oh well...Our server seemed very green and didn't seem to know much about the food and even less about the wine. That's always a bummer. But she was extremely warm and friendly. Too bad we didn't really see much of her and other people (including the [gasp!] owner) had to bring us drinks, clear our table (we sat with empty plates in front of us for almost 10 minutes) and bring the dessert tray.The Food: As a (sometimes) vegetarian, it can be a challenge to scour the town for delicious and meat-free dishes. Bobby's had "Vegetarian Paella" which caught my eye. Thankfully, our server knew enough about the menu to tell me that it contains chicken broth. Why anyone would advertise something as "vegetarian" and then use chicken broth to make it is beyond me. I went with the pasta purses instead. I wasn't disappointed. The basil sauce was divine and the tender, cheese-filled purses were incredible. A large, well-seasoned portobello mushroom cap was the center of the plate and the meal. It was so good I could have made a meal out of a few of those in the basil sauce, no pasta necessary.My friend chose the nine-ounce filet with Roberto sauce (sauteed mushrooms and onions). He had to send it back as it was not cooked to order, but it was perfect on the second try. He said it was wonderful. He also ordered the broccolini and the gorgonzola mashed potatoes (also vegetarian, fyi). The broccolini was well-cooked, but cold by the time it reached. The potatoes were flavorful with a rustic, rough mash. For dessert, I had tiramisu and my friend chose the carrot cake. My tiramisu has a good flavor, but I could tell it had been made at least 3-4 days before, as it tasted of a refrigerator. The carrot cake was moist and delicious.All in all, great experience. And the owner was warm and wonderful. I'll definitely go back soon!
1	All it took was one experience in this place and I will never go back! The staff people are not very friendly, the food is over-priced and there was no jazz music on the night I went. The only music was a lame cover-band playing what I think was supposed to be Coldplay; it sounded terrible!The real problem with the place was the food. I ordered a seafood combo plate that featured a lobster tail. When the plate was brought to me, it all looked good, but there seemed to be a strange smell coming from one of the items. My entree came with broccolini and I thought that the odd scent may have originated from there. I didn't think much of it at the time, so I ate my meal. The lobster tail was tough and lacked a sweet flavor typical of most lobster dishes. The scallops and shrimp were actually very good. I couldn't finish the meal, so I took the left-overs home. The next day, my fridge smelled awful, like a fish market gone bad. The smell of fish was so strong, I had to throw the left-overs right into the outside trash can. I called Bobby's to talk with a manager, who argued with me about how the fish smell is normal the following day. Are you friggin kidding me? I grew up on the east coast and have a long history of eating seafood; I know the smell of bad fish. I got so annoyed at the guy for treating my like I was some kind of idiot that I hung up and tried to talk  with one of the owner's (or the owners wife). After several phone calls and more arguing, I was told to bring in the rest of the meal in so the kitchen manager could look it over. Who holds on to fish that smells so bad that every cat in the neighborhood surrounds your house? I told the owner that I threw it out. After some more explaining on my part, she finally decided to give in and suggest that I come back for that same entree on the house. Not gonna happen! My girlfriend had taken me to Bobby's for a birthday dinner, so to now go back and have to spend even more money to have a full meal again wasn't worth it. What annoyed me about the whole experience was how the management failed to take responsibility for the spoiled lobster tail that they served me, acted like I lied about it and then made me call back over three time to finally get in touch with the owner. I was hoping to be taken more seriously after dropping $150 at this place for dinner.  Apparently, the customer is never right at Bobby's. They can keep their nasty seafood and their crappy music!
4	A wonderful dinner spot.Very special food (calamri was great as was halibut) served by an attentive staff in a warm environment!
4	Went to Bobby's just recently with a group of people from work, we all had a great time.  We sat at the romantically decorated lounge located upstairs and drank a few drinks while we talked and listened to the pianist.  Everyone ordered food and everyone had great things to say about it.  Food presentation was well, food tasted great, and the service was wonderful.  I am definitely taking another trip back to Bobby's when in Scottsdale.  I highly recommend this place!
4	Best Canneloni I have ever eaten.  It's so good it can get you past the garish decorating.
1	When walking into Bobby's, I was initially excited.  The tmosphere looked very terendy and fun, however I quickly noticed that, including myelf, there were only 8 customers in the restaurant.  Not to fear, it was only a Tuesday I said, lets look at the menu.....I ordered the steak, mushrooms app and the Escargot.The mushrooms were watery like that of something old and out of the freezer. The steak was OK, definitely not worth the price and definitely not cooked to my order. Finally, the Escargot was absolute trash, no flavor, full of oil and again watery.Overall, don't go to Bobby's.  Take your money elsewhere in the Kierland area.
3	The food is great and the drinks are reasonable during Happy Hour only. Happy Hour lasts until 7 here - which is nice. They have half off appetizers and drinks and that makes up for everything being so over priced any other time. Great atmosphere for a date.
2	My first experience at Bobby's has left me less than excited to come back, and certain aspects of my visit were downright terrible. Let me explain... Several friends and I decided to head to Bobby's for happy hour on Friday night. Four of us arrived at 5pm, and we were expecting 2 more. When we walked in, the ambiance of the place was really nice. It had a cool vibe to it, and cool wall hangings and lighting, so my first impression was pretty good. When we walked upstairs to the bar, we were informed that only the high-top tables were available for happy hour. They were all 4 person tables, and we knew we would have at least 6 people. We sat down at one of the tables, and asked our server if it would be possible to add two more chairs. She was hesitant, but then suggested we move two tables together instead. That was fine by us. But instead of pushing a table to the one we were already seated at, they pushed two others together that were closer to the walkway and stairs. Once together, we got up and moved. Not 5 minutes later, the manager stomped over to us and said (pretty heatedly) "you guys can't sit here, you're right in the way. This isn't going to work". He didn't offer a solution, and was extremely accusatory. I informed him that his servers had been the one to relocate us, and he just repeated "this isn't going to work". Finally, he told us we could move to one of the regular tables and still get the happy hour deals, so the servers moved two more tables together, and we moved again. FINALLY, we were settled and began ordering our drinks and food. Shortly thereafter, we had two more friends join....and then two more that had never told us they were coming. So we added chairs for them and made room. Immediately after doing so, the manager came storming back over, and pulled our server aside. He was gesturing angrily and pointing at our table, and you'd think we'd committed some sort of atrocity with the was he was glaring at us. Let me include an aside - I get that it messes with the flow of the restaurant when patrons move chairs or tables from where they are normally located. HOWEVER, the place was half empty. Not once during the entire evening was every table filled. In addition, everyone at our table ordered multiple drinks and appetizers, so it's not as if we had space fillers that were not producing any income. After the manager finished yelling at our server, I called her over to apologize to her for the inconvenience. It wasn't her fault, and there was no reason the manager should have been so angry with her (or us, for that matter). Finally, we were done, and the bill came. We each put our share in, and the server took the bill to the back. When she returned, she handed out the credit card slips. Mine was for approximately $22, and she gave me mine without comment. I just discovered today, though, that she originally ran my card for the entire bill of almost $200! She apparently canceled it out, but because it was input into the system, it is still showing as a pending item in my bank account, which is $200 less than it should be now. It would have been nice if the server had mentioned that, rather than be surprised by it now 4 days later. Who knows how long it will take to fall out of pending status, and what if I had needed that money for something else??? In addition to this horrible experience, I will add that the food was nothing more than average. The cheese tortellini was extremely bland, and the crab cakes in the crab cake and lobster ravioli dish tasted just like frozen fish sticks. The bruschetta was pretty good, but it's pretty hard to mess up tomatoes on toast. Overall, this visit was sub-par, and I'm not sure I'll be going back anytime soon.Update - After writing this review, I felt it necessary to contact the owner and let them know what happened.  I explained the situation, and the owner was profusely apologetic and assured me she would take the necessary steps to ensure that this didn't happen again.  She invited me to come back and give them another chance, and I will.  I'll let you know how it goes....
4	Very cool and chic bar upstairs.  Contemporary.Live Jazz in the evening, that wasn't obnoxious, nor loud.Service was excellent.  Waitress made every effort to seat six of us, without a reservation, at 7:00 pm, on a Saturday.  And she was pretty.A little "older" crowd.  Our group age range was from 30-40 (ish), but many of the other diners were cool "old" people.  Slicked grey hair, well dressed, and not loud.  But, honestly, average age was about 65. Just sayin, a little "mature."Food was WONDERFULL. Eggplant bruschetta, seared ahi tuna bites, GIANT blue point oysters, wedge salad, and crab and shrimp stuffed mushrooms in a sauce that we had to fight over...WONDERFULL.VERY VERY YUMMY.Price: can't recallDrinks:  full bar, stiff martinis.Parking: stinks.  you must park in a garage and walk, or valet.  Not to far to walk, however.A great alternative to Ocean Club, which is great, but this place has food with tons of Italian influenced flavor.
3	I really REALLY wanted to like this place, as I had heard good things, and I love JAZZ. The atmosphere was ok, the food was ok, and the service was ok. I can't really say anything would stand out as memorable, other than the fantastic company I had that evening (an old, dear friend.)I'm the type of person that if nothing stands out, then why go back? Maybe I'll have to check it out again later... but only if nothing else sounds good.
1	do not go here!! they ruined my 30th birthday party!!!it looks nice online and they make it seem so pristine over the phone, but the only thing good about this place is the decor. to start it off the waiter was rude and didn't bring us water until 15 minutes of sitting at our table of 10 people. we ordered the calamari for an appetizer and it was so gross we had to send it back. i ordered the shrimp cocktail and it tasted like it came from a frozen bag. i ordered a martini which took the waiter 30 min to bring, and i ordered another one before our food came out and i didn't get it until the middle of dinner. i ordered the lobster ravioli for dinner which i took one bite of and it was cold and absolutely unacceptable, i couldn't believe it. the waiter took it back to the kitchen and brought back another plate which was hot and cooked the 2nd time around. my friends chicken ravioli was watery and she hated it and had to send it back. i could tell my other friends at the table were not satisfied, they just didn't want to be rude. the waiter was unattentive and didn't care it was my birthday. he had to ask at the end of the party whos birthday it was again, so he could put my birthday cake in front of me. thank goodness we brought our own cake that we had made, because that was the only good thing there was to eat!!  i wanted to celetrate  with martinis all night but only ended up getting 2, because the service was horrific!!! i was so pissed when we left after paying our  awesome 700 dollar bill.  i would have been more satisfied with taco bell food. the reason why the waiter didn't pay attention to us is because he knew he was getting his already included 18 percent gratuity, which he did not deserve, he deserve 10 bucks if that!!  thank you bobby's for ruining my 30th birthday!!! i really appreciate it.
4	My husband claims he ate the best steak in his life near!!  I had pork tenderloin that was a bit overcooked but flavorful with a balsamic drizzle.  The prices were expensive - but we decided we were paying for the ambiance which was unique in MANY ways....  We would make a return trip...
4	For a reasons unknown, many people have no idea this place is here!Chow time- Oh lord have mercy on the Butternut squash ravioli! I could eat this until ... like.. forever! Its incredably, juicy, soft, savory, sweet... oh so great. Its even on happy hour to make it $4.50!! its craziness.Boozehound- Great bar on the second level, barstaff is professional and fun . Happy to talk and get to know what your up to.There have whipped cream vodka too. Give it a try !The Look- its stunning when you walk in , great red, and silver bead walls. Huge spiral staircase to the upstairs bar.Why not five stars? Here is the hell that it Bobbys- if you walk in there around 330, yes they are open, good luck seeing anyone working, no servers no bartenders, oh wait there is a host that will say hi but then not tell you anything or get anyone to help. I have sat many times at the bar and walked out after seeing no one , asking for someone and then someone being annoyed that I wanted to eat so early. Also , they close whenever, after gathering up a group to tell them how much fun this place is.. we got there and they were closed. another time I called and they said they were closed and driving by it was a packed house. Its so agrivating not to know .. or have a specific closing time.Break it down Jess- I will always go back, just cant stand the GM.
3	I didn't come away wowed but it was a good experience. Menu has quite a variety and the live jazz was pretty cool, but I don't know, something was lacking. The oysters we had were a little smallish, I split a Caesar salad as well. Dressing needed a little more to it, felt a little bland. Fortunately it came with anchovies to give it more of a Caesar feel. Had the Lobster Fra Diavlo for the main course... think cioppino with a little kick to it. Had half a small lobster tail, mussels, clams, a couple of large shrimp and some fettucini noodles mixed in. Wasn't super filling but it wasn't bad either. Had a darn good bottle of wine though, a 2000 Elk Cove Pinot Gris. In the end it felt like an average meal with typical service. Might try the meat if I get a chance to go back. A few other reviewers raved about the steaks. The specials they offered the night I was there were pretty creative but I just wasn't blown away.
3	Ok, based on my first experience at Bobby's, I was not overly enthusiastic to come back.  However, last weekend some friends and I decided to hit it up for happy hour, and I will admit that this visit was decidedly better than the first one.  In fact, if I were rating on this visit alone, I'd be giving it a 4 star review.  However with the previous memory in mind, I'll meet in the middle and call it a solid 3.  Our server was charming and was right on top of our orders, appearing just when the drinks were low enough to order more.  She even stopped by right before the happy hour cutoff to make sure we didn't need anything else before the prices jumped.  The live music was good, if not a little loud.  The food was pretty good, although nothing overly exciting to write about.  I had the mozzarella and marinara (which I thought would be in the form of mozarella sticks) but was in fact a large square of breaded mozarella that needed to be cut into bite sized pieces, and was a little too light on the marinara topping in my opinion.  Overall, the experience was much more pleasant, the service excellent, and the food tasty, and the drinks delicious (I am a FAN of their dirty martini).  I'll definitely come back again and see if we can't boost it up another notch after #3.
4	great food, awesome music...service could be better (since it was a saturday night and the place was packed...I am not going to hold it against them too much)
3	I have mix feelings on this place, that's it, 3.5 stars...Two of us stopped at Bobby's after a movie, being my 1st time here, didn't really know what to expect, and I was in flip-flops...So here's a bit of recap:-Bread basket - warm baked garlic/cheese bread, definitely one of a kind...-Blue Point Oysters on half shelf - fresh and mid-siazed oysters, pair with fresh lemon juice, some horseradish and some tabasco sauce, this just made my day!! Surprisingly, the usual customers of Bobby's don't seem to have oysters with tabasco cuz when I asked for it, our waitress had to reconfirm, and it didn't come in the original bottle, instead was pulled into a little sauce/juice cup...just kinda of weird... But I don't mind as long as the oysters are good!-Cannelloni with Mariana sauce - tasty and filling, but feel like the Mariana sauce was kind of short, maybe they could pour a bit more sauce? It's a bit dry eating without the sauce...but overall it's good.-Lobster linguini - many different kinds of seafood (lobster tail, shrimp, scallops, clams and mussels) in a Mariana sauce. It didn't give me a surprising feeling, I think it was just average, and the noodles were a bit dry and hard...-No dessert. What a surprise? Well, they 'presented' the whole menu on a tray. Seriously? I've seen raw food being presented on a tray to show the freshness, not dessert. I guess when I order dessert, I always wait for the excitement to come, to surprise me, I mean it's dessert, you can do so many imaginations with it, I have never seen restaurants have created a same exact look of dessert before (unless it's the standard form)... so I'm expecting something does not only feed my taste bug but also eye-catching...after I saw the whole presentation, I didn't want any, that just blew off my hopes..Overall experience at Bobby's was just fine. It was a very slow Sunday night, but I do appreciate very much the live music...And I just saw they have a $30 special dinner menu? Since when? Today? Cuz I wasn't told at the restaurant yesterday (3/20)...
1	This is a shithole. Overrated and gross watery cold food. Horrible rude waiters who don't care about you if you're in a large party, because they know they are getting their 18 percent gratuity added in the bill anyways. Good luck on getting a martini refill or any apology.
3	The ambiance in this place is incredible.  Absolutely gorgeous.  The service is top-notch.  Where it loses points is in the food.  The garlic cheese bread to start is great, but it goes a bit downhill from there.  I got the butternut squash raviolis which were great on their own, but the sauce on top just seemed to be missing something.  Still good, but I had hoped for butter.  I also got the lobster ravioli and and crab cake appetizer.  Neither tasted fabulous.  The crab cake seemed to be of the frozen variety and simply thrown in the deep fryer when ordered.  The lobster raviolis didn't have much ravioli in them.  Something crunchy was in there that I couldn't put my finger on.  My husband ordered the cannelloni.  Again, it wasn't bad, but for the price, just didn't hit the spot. Overall, I think I would come here again for cocktails in the lounge (the ambience is that great!) but I would pass on dinner.
1	Tried calling to make a reservation and was hung up on. If they cannot handle their business properly I'd suggest a new line of work. Based on what I've heard if you do go, be prepared for average service entwined with expensive prices. I'll take my business elsewhere.
4	The overall atmosphere is modern and contemporary and offers a more traditional dining area downstairs with a jazz lounge upstairs where the bar is located.  The place is generally loud on whichever floor you choose so we've opted for the upstairs jazz lounge as we prefer the sound of music over the usual loud restaurant roar.Overall, the food is really quite good.  The escargot is served on mushrooms and could use a bit more garlic, but isn't bad.  The Caesar salad came with just the right amount of Caesar dressing that was fairly light and not overly creamy.  The vegetarian paella is an excellent dish and probably my favorite item on the menu.  The various vegetables are all cooked to just the right level of crispness/tenderness as appropriate and the serving is so huge that I always end up taking half of the dish home.  The capellini and pomodoro, which can often be a somewhat boring dish, was flavorful with fresh tomatoes, garlic, and basil.  The Chilean sea bass was good, although I'm used to a thicker cut of fish than what was served and my husband found the gorgonzola mashed potatoes to be suitable as far as flavor but a bit off-putting in that they left a strange filmy texture on his teeth, perhaps from the gorgonzola.  They also provide a basket of fresh garlic bread that has just the right amount of cheese on top of it.  The wine list has some decent selections, but isn't the best I've ever seen, however, we've managed to find a palatable selection on each of our visits.  The entertainment is generally reasonably decent too, nothing that I would pay a cover charge for, but for entertainment during dinner, it's really not bad.  Overall, this is a place that we'll be back to as we've had consistently good experiences here.
5	After reading the reviews I was a little concerned about what to expect.... But was going with a large group (20) for someone's going away party.Service was exceptional, food was Great!!! Many of us did the 4 course for $32 and I did not hear a complaint from anyone!!! Just before the entree's came, my better half left the table to head to the restroom. When the waiter noticed she was not there, he grabbed a cover for her food and when he saw her heading to the table, he ran back and took the cover off BEFORE she got to the table!!!  Does not get better than that!!  I had the shrimp scampi on the four course deal, and was Pleasantly surprised!!  Friday evening.
5	I've been going to Bobby's for Lunch and Dinner for a few years now and NOT even once have I been disappointed. Great Food, Great Service & a Fabulous atmosphere!
5	Wonderful place, tasty tasty delish food!! I loved this place. My husband & I went here for our anniversary dinner, this place is so well done inside- the decor, lights, jazz bar upstairs and great selection of drinks and music. We took a booth at the lower floor later on with the 4 course meal dinner and I have to say, each and every dish we had was simply delicious and fresh! The salads, Eggplant Rollettini, Bruschetta, Chicken marsala and the salmon!  The best part were desserts- we loved the cheesecake and really delectable Tiramisu- like a die for taste, if you are a tiramisu lover anyway.Must try, they have a good selection on menu for vegetarians as well, just in case.
5	Great place. I was looking for a place to take my wife for some great food, and good music, and Bobby's delivered. We ate downstairs, then finished up with some drinks in the jazz lounge upstairs, and it was the perfect night. I would go back anytime!!
4	This place is sexy. Seriously.The hubs and I were looking for a new happy hour place to drown our sorrows after a particularly rough Cardinals game. Surprisingly Bobby's has a happy hour on Sundays. I was a little apprehensive because the dress code said dressy. We didn't have any clean dress clothes plus I didn't have the energy to get put on anything more than lipgloss. He put on a polo and nice jeans, I put on a sundress and we hoped we wouldn't look too shabby.Kierland is usually a pain to park in but this day it wasn't bad. Inside was very nice and the lounge upstairs was dark and modern yet had a "Mad Men" vibe to it. If there wasn't a smoking ban in AZ I would imagine alot of cigars would be smoked in this place.  And we weren't shunned because of our casual Friday clothing. There were other sundresses and jeans. It was a late Sunday afternoon though. I imagine it would be much dressier on a late Saturday night. There was a live smoooootthh jazz band playing. Wow. The band was great but I am not much of a jazz fan. Jazz puts me to sleep. Luckily there was great food and drinks to revive me.I had a dirty martini and a mojito martini. Both were great, especially the mojito martini. Very refreshing.  My husband was delighted they had Moose Drool beer. They had a huge selection of happy hour food. Lots of inexpensive seafood options too. I had a Caesar salad and eggplant rolletini. The salad was good and the eggplant was outstanding. The bread basket had some pretty tasty garlic toast.  My husband had a huge pulled pork sandwich with some awesome sweet potato fries. I don't normally like sweet potato fries but these were fantastic. Service was great. The bartender seemed to be the only person serving the entire lounge with one runner helping but he was still fast, efficient, and friendly.Happy hour prices were SUCH a bargain. All that food and drink for under forty. Here is a tip for all the fellas out here- take your date to the lounge. Even if she is not a jazz fan she will be impressed. It is classy, intimate, and not as pretentious and suffocating as some of the other Scottsdale bars and clubs.  And if you are broke, happy hour is perfect. Buy her a $6 martini, share some oysters and olives. You won't secretly freak out when the bill comes. ;)
1	We walked in and asked for a table for 3/booth.  The hostess said we can't give you a booth without a reservation.  They had 3 booths available!  They obviously didn't want our money, so we walked out! I'll be letting my Mayo doctor friends know not to come here (many live in the area) as it's hard to walk in without a reservation and get a good seat.
1	The best restaurants make you feel welcomed the moment you step in the door until you leave. Bobby's Restaurant is not one of those restaurants. We decided to stop in since it looked and sounded interesting only to be told immediately that booths were reserved for those who had reservations. Not for those who had made reservations and specifically requested them, but for those who simply had to have made reservation. Why treat somebody whose money is just as green and would provide incremental revenue as a second class citizen. With so many options for great service (e.g. Roka Akor) in Scottsdale, why feel like a second class citizen. We turned around and left decided to instead patron a restaurant that would make us feel welcome.  I encourage everybody to demand customer service rather that to simply say "well it isn't so bad", "they'll be better next time", etc. Remember it is your money and they are there to make you feel welcomed!
4	Totally swanky and delicious
1	worst restaurant ever!!!!  hostesses were rude.  service was terrible-they threw the bread on the table-literally threw it.  food was disgusting and way over priced (both ordered seafood).  i would never come back nor recommend this place to anyone.  go somewhere else!!!!
1	Four of us stopped in for lunch on Saturday, November 26 at approximately 1:00PM.Well, we didn't even end up staying to eat because the restaurant was staffed with only 1 server and 1 hostess - both of which were completely un-attentive, and almost rude.  We decided to get up and leave after sitting in our booth for 20 minutes, completely ignored.  The hostess stood there, looking into the restaurant while the server ran around trying to manage the 6 tables that had people at them.  Not once did the hostess or the server come over to re-assure us that we would be taken care of, or apologize for the wait, etc.While the employees annoyed us, I find it hard to believe that management would staff the restaurant like this at lunch time on one of the busiest shopping days of the year.  I was embarrassed after telling my parents that we would be taking them to somewhere special for lunch while shopping.  It was ridiculous and a waste of our time.
1	While the food and atmosphere here is great, the service is atrocious. We hosted a holiday party here and the server was horribly inattentive and rude. An 18% gratuity was factored into the bill and she did not earn it by any right.  Having worked in a restaurant before, I was insulted that she felt her behavior was acceptable. She came to the table a total of 4 times over the course of three hours, never introduced herself to the table and responded with nothing but sarcasm and brashness.  She basically ruined the experience for our entire party.Also, be forewarned, we ordered a bottle of wine for $230. The mark up was ten times! That's right. They served us a $21 bottle of wine and charged us $230. All of their alcohol was over priced and terribly made.All 12 members of our party voiced they would not be returning to Bobby's. I'm sorry - but crappy service and disrespectful markups definitely overshadowed the dinner.
1	Food was extremely disappointing! The "prime cut" steak although not overcooked was the toughest steak I have ever tried. Service was not the best either,
3	The owner (Robert M) was gracious enough to follow-up and informed me that the issue had been addressed so I am changing from 1-star to 3-stars. Would love to go higher but need to see what the food and the rest of the service is like. It's great to see a restaurant that pays attention to reviews. Kudos to Robert M.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! Lets start with the decor, I felt like i was in Old Hollywood. Windows from floor to ceiling, blown glass lighting and fixtures everywhere. There is a fantastic art wall, and classy white leather booths. Thats just the downstairs. Their lounge is located on the second floor. Happy hour is a must! Prices are unbeliveably reasonable. Beautiful bar and live music.  On to the food, the menu is extensive even a picky eater could find something satisfying.We started the evening with the bruschetti and the calamari  both excellent choices.My date had the wedge salad and their specialty dinner for the evening which was delicious and perfectly prepared. I ordered the Pistachio crusted lambchops and they were scrumptious in a creamy dijon sauce YUMMY. We then shared a tiramisu and espressos. Overall a very romantic and enjoyable experience.
4	My boyfriend and I decided to take a chance on this place and I am glad we did!The decor of the place reminded me of Vegas. They also had some very nice Jazz playing.Once we walked in we were greeted and escorted to the upstairs level where we were seated.The upstairs was pretty empty there was only about 10 to 15 other people having dinner. Our waiter was Kelsey, who was very friendly and gave us some good reccomendations. We ordered the calamari and Seafood Paella. While we waited for our food she brought us some bread, which was very tasty. It was a combination of garlic and cheese toast. We finished the basket they brought to our table, but Kelsey brought us another when our Paella arrived. The calamari was good, it wasn't to greasy or under cooked. They served it with some pico de gallo on the side which was a nice complement to the calamari. The seafood paella was scrumptious! It had a great proportion of sausage, seafood, veggies, rice and broth. The rice wasn't too dry or too wet. The seafood paella is perfect to split between two people. I am glad we came here and tried the food instead of listening to the bad reviews.
2	I was expecting a jazz lounge but what I found was a jazz themed restaurant located in a Disneyland-esque shopping mall. I was looking forward to taking my wife to a place with live jazz for Valentine's Day. Bobby's is not set up to enjoy jazz unless you are up stairs near the band. One could hear them but not enjoy them. The restaurant did not seem to be acoustically set up to spread the music throughout the restaurant. Because "Jazz Lounge" is included in the name I was expecting jazz to be featured rather than seeming like an afterthought.Most of the food was good. The veggies were spot on; not too soft, not too raw. My duckling was delicious and falling off the bone. My wif'e's pork tenderloin was dry and lifeless. She however enjoyed her Creme Brulee, which if I remember correctly the waiter said was not made there, and I enjoyed my brownie which was made there.The waiter was definitely capable...of taking our order and bringing our food. I had no sense that he cared one way or another if we enjoyed our experience. The not-ready-for-prime-time servers kept our water glasses full and the dirty not used plates away. This restaurant is a piece of recreation art work. Technically it's fine but there is no joy or love to be felt in the finsihed product.
5	Excellent food and service. They make their own bread and it is amazing. The meatball sandwich was terrific. The staff is very friendly and attentive. The restaurant is beautiful. Nice outdoor seating area.
5	I LOVE this place!!! The first time I visited my husband and I ate downstairs then went upstairs to lounge for a glass of wine and to listen to the live music. Our bartender was great and was our server.Second time around we stopped in to have a glass of wine in the lounge. They had live music (even on a Tuesday!) It was a charming piano man singing the jazzy crooner tunes. They even sang happy birthday to me and brought me a delicious piece of tiramasu. Keep in mind we just had a few glasses of wine, no dinner! Our bartender was absolutely fantastic. Upon realizing we didn't have cash and wanted to tip the piano player, the bartender let us have cash from his drawer and we just added that amount to his tip.  I will absolutely be back! This is our favorite date night spot!!!
1	My friend wanted to have her birthday dinner somewhere special, and unfortunately we were very disappointed with Bobby's.Herein lies a list of grievances:* Unorganized hostess and manager. We only knew the birthday girl, so we didn't know what the other guests would look like. We thought it wouldn't be an issue, but even with us providing the manager with the name on the reservation, she couldn't tell us where we were seated or if anyone from our party had arrived.* Misrepresentation. The birthday girl called to make sure there would be live jazz, but the whole night featured a bad Latin fusion group instead.* Crowded. There were too many tables and chairs crammed into the main downstairs room. Guests could not freely leave the table on one side without bumping into other patrons.* Awkward. The chairs are too short for the table height; both men and women at our table had to uncomfortably perch at the edge of their seats to reach their food. The menus are also too large in dimension (or again there are too many seats crammed together) as we couldn't even hold our menus open without smacking each other.* Rude. Our waitress was short with us and pushy about getting our orders. Also, she seemed angry when we asked if we could get a photo of our group celebrating a birthday. While we posed for our group photo, a couple waiters didn't just clear our plates -- they actually had the gall to clear all of our coats, jackets and phones by throwing them into a pile at one end of the table. That was really weird! Why are the waiters touching our purses and cell phones?The one good thing:* The pistachio crusted lamb chop was delicious; it's the only reason this rating has one star.
4	This is a really terrific restaurant the food was fantastic and their happy hr menu has a ridiclious selection of great food. Oyster's on the 1/2 shell, butternut squash raviolo, crab stuffed mushrooms. The decor an atmosphere is very fun. We will be going back to try the regular menu as there are some very inviting dishes to try.Yes the staff is not the best but the food was good.
5	Hubby and I had date night here recently and we had an EXCELLENT experience. We decided to try someplace new as some of our old places were getting a bit old hat. Bobby's was classy, the staff was VERY friendly, and the food was DELISH! I think the only thing I would change is calling it a Jazz Lounge because there wasn't one note of jazz that played during our time there, but if that's the worst thing...so be it.My husband and I shared the hummus appetizer. The crackers were interesting, but the veggies were fresh, crisp and perfect with the hummus. I had the chicken and fusilli and it was excellent. It wasn't overly saucy and was plentiful with chicken. I believe my husband had steak but honestly, I was so focused on my dish...it was amazing. I know he enjoyed whatever it was he had but for the life of me, I can't remember. We did enjoy the raspberry mousse for dessert which was creamy and just heavenly. Our server was wonderful...friendly, kind, and gave perfect service. He was truly very nice and made our visit one that was quite memorable.I'm looking forward to coming back for a future date night!
1	My boyfriend was in town and i wanted to celebrate his birthday at a good restaurant. We decided to go to Bobby's big MISTAKE!  Here is why*We had made reservations but our reservations were never taken. There was only one table with people in the whole restaurant but we were given a table that wasnot setup. This was not a big deal initially but we were just ignored for awhile after we were ready to order. We waited for over 20minutes.*Our waitress who we later found out was Fran would dissappear for long periods of time we could hear her talking to the hostess somewhere in the back but she would could not contact her. *Our food was cold when we got it. After  nibbling alittle and were ready to leave she was no where to be found. I had to get off our seat to go look for her.Staff here is not the best. The restaurant has a good ambience and good details.
1	This restaurant has THE WORST SERVICE EVER!!!!!!My boyfriend organized a wonderful birthday dinner for me with a group of 23 people at Bobby's. As people arrived the server not only didn't introduce himself but did not even offer people arriving a drink. My friends were going up to the bar to get their drinks. Water was not topped off and it took 2 hours before anybody got any of their food.When people complained to the manager she was rude and defensive and didn't seem to care.My boyfriend also had a friend make cupcakes for everybody and they had the gaul to charge $1 per person per cupcake just to serve them!! After spending so much money there as a group I find it unfathomable that a restaurant would do this.The server (and manager) made it seem like we were the first large group that ever were to frequent their establishment, with the server telling us he didn't want to take orders without knowing who was going to be on separate checks. And even after saying that at the beginning and appearing to have it organized, all my friends at the end of the night were literally in line at their cash register telling them what they ordered so they could separate it from he bill. WTH is this Denny's or what?!?!To top it off, we were short over $200 at the end of he night and the manager refused to itemize the bill for us so we could see what wasn't paid for. My friends are not cheap and there is no way we were short that amount of money....pretty sure they eff'd the bill up by not subtracting people as we went along.  The only saving grace was that most of the food was pretty good (I had the Lobster ravioli and my boyfrIend had the clam linguini)..my friends who ordered the burgers said they were awful so maybe stay away from them. I asked them if they told the waiter about the burgers and they said nobody once asked how their food was. Figured.The owner of this restaurant really needs to re-evaluate he staff before this restaurant sinks hard and fast!
4	I went here with my Toastmasters club for the officers' meeting.  I was very impressed with the quality of service given to my group.  Waitstaff was highly attentive and made sure everyone was comfortable.  The calamari at this restaurant was among the best I have eaten in the Valley of the Sun.  The presentation of the entrees and quality of food was equivalent to some of the restaurants I have been to in Chicago.My wife and I will be back, hopefully with the live Jazz playing.
1	This place is embarrassing! The service was terrible, the management was rude and unorganized. The food was not good and way over priced. The setting is so fake classy... I have no idea how it has managed to keep up in Kierland Commons! Take your time and money elsewhere.
4	Love is place. Yummy and fun:) Marcos is truly wonderful. He really caters to you and is very professional. However I did not have a very good experience with the waitress Teresa. She rushes you and seems like its putting her out to wait on you. She scoops up your food before your finished and spends more time talking to the customers leaving instead of the ones in the chair. So i sit with my empty wine glass for a while . So I always call ahead to make sure she is not working. I recommend asking for Marcos and you will be counting the minutes until you can return. Great food and very nice atmosphere. Yummy wine selection.I had  Shrimp cocktail, Cesar salad with grilled shrimp. The shrimp is always cooked perfectly.
4	My boyfriend took me here for my birthday this year and I was blown away. The Italian style food that we ate was wonderful (the bruschetta was to die for!). We hadn't made reservations but were able to be seated two tables down from the band on a Saturday night. It was wonderful to hear the crooning of jazz singer doing a repertoire of jazz standards. I definitely recommend this restaurant for a date night or a small celebration (it's a little bit too noisy for any groups larger than 4 or 6 if you want to actually hear the conversation).
2	Where to start...I really really wanted to like this place.  It was our first time here and we like to try a new place on Date Night, so we went here, after hearing some pretty great things.  The host was nasty right away, which should have been the first sign.We were seating downstairs for dinner, during happy hour when everyone was upstairs.  This was kind of nice, hearing the music and noise but having the restaurant to ourselves.  Our waitor was really great, very friendly and super helpful.  We ordered an app and I got the seafood platter off menu and the bf got a steak.  Instantly, we realized the food just wasn't prepared great or wasn't top quality.  The steak came out a bit cold, which was shocking.We couldn't do dessert, I just can't have someone destroy that for me.  All in all we spent about $120 with tip and just wish we had not even bothered. Not a fan.
1	Start with a rude hostess who refused to seat my wife and I at a tableAs it was a 4 top and not more than a minute later the other hostess seated two people there.  No bread service though every other table  had bread . Entrees were served while I was clearly not half way through my salad.  Both  pasta entrees were less than Olive Garden quality.Draft beer not available (frozen lines?) Beer I ordered not available.I have never been to a restaurant that adds a automatic gratuity to the bill for a party of two, but they did here.  I guess with the problems they have with food and  service they feel no one would leave a descent tip.Lots of other Italian restaurants in Scottsdale - all are better than Bobby's.
4	Love this place, I've been twice now. It's a bit spendy but a very classy place. Delicious food.
5	Fantastic happy hour...unbelievable selection, great atmosphere, gracious service.I can't believe it has taken me this long to discover the wonderful food that Bobby's has. I am also very surprised at the low ratings that the restaurant has received on this site. Fran Mancuso, the owner was so warm, friendly and welcoming!The service was top notch and did not miss a beat. The ambiance in the lounge was upbeat and lively. Highly recommended!
2	Not very impressed with the food here, NY steak was flavorless.  Creme brulee was not crisp on top.  Appetizers were pretty good though, I really enjoyed the spinach salad. But if you are looking for a fantastic steak, I would look elsewhere.  Wine by the glass choices were so so but the bottle choices were good. I wouldn't come back here though with so many other impressive restaurants to choose from in Scottsdale.
1	My wife and I ate there on our anniversary this past week. The atmosphere is very cool, but unfortunately not much else was redeeming and we would never go back---especially not at those prices. To begin, the service was mediocre at best. We were greeted with nothing more than, "Hello, can I get you something to drink?" Not, "Welcome, how are you this evening, glad you are with us." That's always a turn off, and at a nicer, somewhat expensive restaurant, that is simply unacceptable. Our drink service was prompt, and waters were refilled quickly and consistently. We ordered Oysters Rockefeller as an appetizer and it was decent and pretty flavorful but I've had much better elsewhere. My wife ordered scallops wrapped in prosciutto which sounds like a can't miss dish, but honestly, the prosciutto tasted like it had either gone bad or had been cooked very wrong---and I tasted it and almost spit it out. For maybe the second time in our seven year marriage she returned a dish, and justifiably so. The waiter did not even apologize---he just asked if we would like something else. Her replacement dish of Shrimp Scampi was unremarkable, as was my Chicken and Fusilli, and it was at this point that I determined this was just not a very good restaurant, and not worthy of my money ever again. If you can't make pasta taste phenomenal with every ingredient on earth at your beck and call, maybe you should find another chef. Sorry Bobby's, I won't be back and I've already recommended to several people that there money would be better spent elsewhere. Simple next step---improve, don't be defensive, and don't complain about my review because I typically only write them when something is either very good or very poor.
1	I wanted to enjoy this place but I could not. The manager is very rude. She would not try to accommodate a large party that wanted to come in and spend money and enjoy jazz. The music wasn't that special but it was good and easy to listen too. The Bar service is expensive and they don't even have good selections or choices.
5	Bobby's is a SUPER dining experience! Great ambiance.  The service has always been great!  We go for dinner and try something new every time.  All of the Italian dishes are superb! The LOBSTER FRA DIAVOLO is my favorite.  All the steaks are great. My wife likes the Filet Mignon here. The live entertainment upstairs is always enjoyable as well. I stop in for lunch now and then and order the Crab Lump Meat Salad or the Beef Tenderloin salad. Both are amazing.  The Happy Hour menu looks great as well.
3	Ordered out from here. Try the seafood paella! Surprisingly tasty! Their fish dishes are also a win too.
1	We were lied to tonight!! We went to Bobby's for dinner on 2-16 at 5:30 (1000 points) using Opentable for the reservation but got an email later, after we finished eating there that the reservation was cancelled. We talked to a person who says they were the manager and she said they didn't have a reservation for us when clearly they did. I have the receipt for the meal, and the email stating the reservation was cancelled. The manager didn't even want to talk to us. I guess they won't mind if I dispute the charge since I wasn't there!.
5	Celebrating Valentines Day here, and from start to finish the service was outstanding.  Our server was Marcos, he knew the menu inside and out, he was very attentive, and kept our wine glasses full.I had the filet mignon with asparagus, both were cooked to perfection, and melt in your mouth.  We finished with the almond cake for dessert, and it was to die for.This was our first time here, and we tried it out with a Groupon.  We are now fans, and will for sure be back.
5	This was AWESOME! The food was good the service was GREAT and the atmosphere is second to none! Even having a table of 9 people 5ft away from us the aucoustics in the restaurant are perfect, you could barely even hear them talking which made it very comfortable.
4	Very pretty place, and charming bartender Pi didn't mind me calling him Whispers.  The live music was nice.
4	I've been here for both dinner and lunch - at lunch, the food is still good, but it was empty and kind of awkward. The unique decor really shines at night and the menu seems more appropriate as well. I had a delicious seabass picatta served with gnocchi. The service is fantastic!
4	My mom took us to lunch for salads. Mom asked to sit outside under an umbrella, and it was a lovely day. I felt a little awkward, though, when we got to the patio and the host (manager?) moved an umbrella away from a different table (without asking) and left the sun to beat down on a woman's head. Luckily, they left shortly after we sat. I ordered a Moose Drool and enjoyed a light breeze, an experience I couldn't have had if I were home in Illinois. All of the salads were very delicious (see pics). I wanted seared tuna but liked the ingredients on the portobello salad better, so I asked to substitute one salad for the other. (I said I wanted tuna but I'd rather have the stuff that's on the other salad.) I ended up getting both the mushroom and the tuna on the fixings that came with the portobello salad, which was a strange communication error. I ate it all, though, and wanted more. My cousin ordered the salmon salad and loved it, and my mom got the lump crabmeat salad, which she's had before and is her favorite thing on the menu. It has asparagus! Bobby's is expensive and the half salad is quite small, but the ingredients are fresh and the dressings are perfect. They have good coffee, too. It's an ideal place when someone (like your mom) is paying.
1	Service sucks. Everyone who works here has an attitude and is not accommodating!!!! Olive Garden tastes better then the food they serve here. Deals are also misleading. Save your money and go elsewhere.
5	My review is based on the happy hour in the lounge.Got there on a Friday night about 5:45pm for their happy hour.  Went upstairs to the bar/lounge for the happy hour.  Place was almost empty.  Great if you want a seat, but concerned why it was empty.  Well, I must have gotten lucky with the timing, because shortly after we got there, the place started getting full.Service is great, and the HH menu has many choices.  Had the ahi bites, flatbreads, mussels and pork sandwich(big and filling).  ALL was very good, you really can't beat the deal.  Wait staff even asked if we wanted anything else about the time happy hour was ending, to ensure that we had one more chance to get something on happy hour prices.They also have live music, starting at 7pm.  Wished we could have stayed longer.  I think the key would be to get there about 6:30pm, order your food and drinks and hang for a few and enjoy it all.  Overall, very good.
3	Ok,not great. Went during the week. Maybe it's better on the weekend.
4	Thanks to Groupon we found this place.  Located at the Kierland shopping center and tucked away on the Southern side of the area, it's not an easy place to find.  The entrance is not in a high traffic area....I hope they can stay open with this handicap.It's a 2 level restaurant with the main dining room on the 1st floor and the lounge with live entertainment on the 2nd floor.  We opted to dine on the 2nd floor and listen to the entertainer....he was a one man show playing a keyboard and singing jazz tunes...he was ok.After browsing the menu, we opted for:Wedge Salad, $8http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bobbys-restaurant-and-jazz-lounge-scottsdale-2?select=RE9cSGRSgIMWiINEvBDuyw#RE9cSGRSgIMWiINEvBDuywEscargot, $12.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bobbys-restaurant-and-jazz-lounge-scottsdale-2?select=exaKPAULLoKK3UiMswa45g#exaKPAULLoKK3UiMswa45gGnocchi & Veal Meatballs, $19.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bobbys-restaurant-and-jazz-lounge-scottsdale-2?select=jEw_PDJRRRaxT87FNMBGIg#jEw_PDJRRRaxT87FNMBGIgDuckling (Half Bone-In, Wild Rice, Vegetables), $25.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bobbys-restaurant-and-jazz-lounge-scottsdale-2?select=rJOCFs1iVgbyUMSgQBpdeA#rJOCFs1iVgbyUMSgQBpdeATiramisuhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bobbys-restaurant-and-jazz-lounge-scottsdale-2?select=Gvhvnst10z0y1-UeO22Ntg#Gvhvnst10z0y1-UeO22NtgAlmond Cakehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bobbys-restaurant-and-jazz-lounge-scottsdale-2?select=5xbnXGSOc6Ly-rnw7rRV1Q#5xbnXGSOc6Ly-rnw7rRV1QI love Wedge Salad....and they do it well here...it was very good.  The Wife had the Escargot and loved it....I'm not a fan.  She had the Duckling and also loved it....I had a bite and it was moist and full of flavor.  My dish was the Gnocchi w/Veal Meatballs....that dish was ridiculously good.  The Sauce was rich and creamy and the Veal Meatballs were awesome.For dessert, we ordered Tiramisu and Almond Cake....we didn't need the calories, but it was worth it....they were both good.  Of course we downed a bottle of Wine with dinner and a glass of Port with dessert.  Service was excellent throughout dinner.We'd love to come back....just hoping they can overcome their bad location.Return Factor - 90%
1	For starters-I WILL NOT BE GOING BACK THERE! THEY ARE ONLY TRYING TO MAKE MONEY AND NOT SERVE CUSTOMERS! DEFINITELY DO NOT GO THERE FOR ANY LARGE GROUP PARTY ABOVE 8!Short version: Overpriced, rude service, potentially racist, website oversells the place, deceiving advertisements, unprofessional management, food had to be sent back by two different people in my group due to poor food prep. Spiral pesto pasta was good. Restaurant is nice inside.Long version: I held my husbands birthday party there and I regret it. The information given to me via phone when I called to make the reservation was COMPLETELY different from the information given to me once my party arrived. First, we were told there was a dance floor-there isn't! There's a wooden floor with tables on it-absolutely no open space for ANY kind of dancing. Next, we were told there was "live music and dancing". Well, the "live" music was a guy playing basically a Casio-type keyboard and singing music that no one can dance to over a microphone. Over the phone, I was told they preferred a large party to spend $30 per person MINIMUM but it was NOT mandatory. When I got there, our waiter told us my party had to spend AT LEAST $30 per person and if they didn't, my credit card would be charged the difference of the minimum and what we actually spent. The waiter was male, tall, Caucasian with brown hair, he was rude, unprofessional condescending, and an instigator. When I explained the miscommunication to his manager, His general manager wasn't much better. Fran spoke to me like I wasn't worth her time. She was dismissive, abrasive, and cold. she stated for large groups, they require everyone to purchase a meal, everyone to spend a minimum amount of money per person, they charge a cake cutting fee if you want to bring a cake, and they make you sign a "contract" giving them the okay to charge your credit card in case the minimum isn't achieved. When I explained none of this was stated over the phone, she argued with me back and forth for quite some time. She stated there wasn't anything that could be done, she stated she is trying to make money to keep her doors open and that I should understand, she stated "this is a business, what do you expect?" After arguing with her for quite a while, she eventually chalked it up to a training issue with her staff and let us continue our party. As soon as we were done eating, we began to talk and laugh amongst our selves. after all, it was a party. meanwhile, we noticed the wait staff just staring at us. so much so, we all felt uncomfortable and left.
1	If there was a negative stars for this I would give it....do NOT go for lunch. We were not greeted at the door at all and had to walk around the place just to find someone who worked there.... That should have been our first clue.....when the man did seat us he smelled so bad of Cologne that we almost left before we even ordered......2 more couples walked in and stood and waited for someone to notice them, but the waiter was too busy chatting it up with the cook to notice, and I certainly wasn't about to tell him he had customers.....not my job, sorry. The lunch was just meh....the soda was flat and tasted funny, and the cheese steak was substandard at best...... Maybe if there  is nobody at the door to greet you at what appears to be a nice place it will be the clue to just walk out......I won't be returning again.
1	We requested to be seated in spot to see the live jazz, hostess sat us behind a post, despite there being 3or more better open seats. Ordered lump crab salad, it was gross/sour..wondering if ill get food poisoning. Champagne was great, my guests chicken parm. Was good. Won't go back though..
1	Mahi Mahi was pretty good, a bit over cooked for my liking.  SERVICE SERVICE SERVICE.  It was bad.  We told him we needed a few minutes to look over menu and he didn't come back at all, a new server came back 20 minutes later.  Throughout dinner he would look at our table and just walk by, never asking how our experience was.  Very odd...
2	After living in Scottsdale for a few years and being a total foodie, my boyfriend and I finally decided to check out Bobby's. In short, I give it 1 star for it's stylish decor and 1 star for our friendly waiter, Adam.The inside of the restaurant has a very modern, chic ambiance; we sat upstairs in the jazz bar area. Our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu, all was going well. Our waiter brought out the bread and it was tasteless.. it's like they cooked up a dry pizza bread and sprinkled some orange cheese on top.On to the ordering.. we ordered a bottle of wine and the oysters rockefeller to start followed by my medium-rare filet mignon oscar style and his paella plate. The oysters were covered in spinach and a pile of cheese. You could barely taste the little oyster with all that cheese they put on it. We tried to shrug off their oyster rockefeller dish and think optimistically, as the restaurant was so pretty and their menu had a great selection of dishes... we really wanted to like this place.My filet came out a little more medium than medium-rare but that wasn't the bad part. What was this oscar style attempt?! It was as if they cooked a tasteless piece of meat and then put a little canned crab on top, a little sauce, a slice of cheese and then melted it, as if that would pull it together. You could tell that these tastes were not cooked or meshed together in any way, just thrown together. I could have done better in my own kitchen. As for my boyfriend's paella, the rice was small and nothing special or authentic about it. There were some little clams, shrimp, etc, but it was just "meh." He and I both didn't like our dishes and vice versa.Needless to say, we did not order dessert. I really don't know how much longer Bobby's can compete in that area with such GREAT restaurants around it - Mastros Ocean Club, Dominicks, Eddie V's.
1	After  reading numerous good reviews on this restaurant  I stopped in for happy hour with a friend. We both ordered the house wine from the menu  it was old and stale even the  ice tea was old and soured. We ordered food with our drinks Fried Cheese and  Veal Meatballs. We had hopes the food would redeem the place but it was pretty lousy. We left without finishing our drinks or food.
5	I live in Old Town and had not been up to North Scottsdale in quite a while.  Over the weekend, though, my boyfriend and I stayed at the Westing Kierland with some friends and had to find a place for dinner on Saturday night.  One of our friends found Bobby's online, and, although I'd never heard of it, it sounded promising.  Well, it turned out to be much more than promising, it was exceptional!First, the decor is very different and trendy without being pretentious.  Our server was very friendly and efficient, even being the only server for our party of seven.  But the main appeal was most certainly the food.  I started with the escargot appetizer.  It was incredibly flavorful with all of the garlic and butter.  There was not a drop of the olive oil mixture that did not get sopped up with bread after the escargot were gone.  For my entree', I had the cannelloni.  I love pasta, and this may have been the best cannelloni I've ever had.  They were very generous with the filling, the noodles had a good consistency, and the sauce was delicious.  You can choose between alfredo and marinara, and I chose both.  I would definitely recommend the "pink" sauce to anyone.  I loved this dish so much that I made everyone else at the table taste it!Other dishes that I tasted were the fillet and the paella, both of which were delicious.  Paella is very hit-or-miss for me, and this was definitely a hit.  My boyfriend's fillet was cooked perfectly.  Our friends also had the lamb chops, which I did not try, but they said they were wonderful.  I don't think there was a single thing amongst the seven of us that was not enjoyed, and that is a hard task.   I would love to return soon!
3	Service is excellent. Food was so-so. Music is also good. Drinks were tasty. Sit upstairs where the band is.
1	TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE.  DO NOT GO HERE WITH A LARGE GROUP.I wish yelp gave me the option for zero or negative stars. My friends planned an event for me at this place and it was the worst experience I have ever had with a business. When my friend was trying to iron out detail about the event, Bobby always insisted on phone calls and would not communicate hardly anything via email. They agreed on no food/drink minimum, happy hour prices, a set two hour window, said we could bring in decor and a cake with no fees, and the have the entire upstairs space for the event.When we arrived, Bobby was not present but his sister, the night manager was. She was extremely rude from the start, would only let us have a few tables instead of the entire lounge and said she had no idea about the agreement or conversation my friends had with Bobby.  We were flexible, thinking they might really need the space. But next thing we know she is saying there is a food/drink minimum, threatening my friends who planned the event, and saying we had to pay a cake cutting fee which we were told was not required.  Not only was she insanely rude but when I became aware of the situation and asked to speak with her, she threatened to call the police and walked away. Talk about bad management and zero conflict resolution skills!  I couldn't believe this!I left a note for the owner, Bobby, asking him to call me to discuss the situation. I waited a few weeks before posting this to give him a chance to make it right. He has not.  So, please don't ever go there with a large party. After reading other posts, I think they do this intentionally to bully more money out of people.  They refuse to email so you have no documentation of what was discussed, then they play good cop/bad cop as Bobby is amazingly never there on nights or weekends.
5	When I first moved to Arizona in 1993, we asked around for the best Italian restaurant.  We were told to go to the La Posada resort in Paradise Valley,  to a restaurant named Manga Bene.  It was fabulous. It ended up shuttering in 1995 and the La Posada was torn down and turned into the Montelucia Resort (which is on the corner of Tatum and Lincoln.)Fast forward to 2013.  We were told by friends to try Bobby's in Kierland.  Part upstairs Jazz club and Italian restaurant. After being absolutely stunned by the food, we asked to speak to the manager.  It turns out the Mancusos used to own Manga Bene!   What Serendipity!!We ordered the mushrooms with sausage and lobster appetizers.  For dinner we had the cannelloni and the Linguini w/ Clams (white.)  This was by far the best Linguini and clams I have had in a long time.  It reminded me of real back East Italian food.I was pretty shocked to see the Yelp replies here.  It's either a 1 or a 5.  This place is definitely a 5, probably more like a 6 or 7.  All the 1s appear to be focused on larger parties, which are difficult to please.  The food here is awesome and worth trying.  It is by far one of the best (if not the best) Italian restaurant in the Valley.   The inside is spectacular to look at. You must go and try this place.   We can't wait to go back.  Service was incredible (ask for Kim - she was the best).  Love, Love, LOVE this place.  We promised to post something positive on YELP.
4	Love Bobby's!  My husband and I go here on special occasions.  Our service has been amazing and the food is even better.  We normally have a server who is a female in her 20s.  SHE IS SO GOOD.  The only reason I gave the restaurant a 4 instead of a 5 was because the last time we went, we brought my parents who were visiting from out of town, and our server seemed very confused.  For the price you pay, the experience should be top notch.  He didn't offer salad with dinner, and we had to wave him down several times to get things from him.
1	Beautiful place but terrible service. Terrible food!!!! Atmosphere was middle age white couples. We were a group of people from different ethnicities and were pretty much out of place. Not good for big groups. They are not accommodating at all! For such a pricey place you would think the food would be good. It was so bad and does not even taste fresh! Very disappointed, would not come back!
4	Very classy place.  I had a pasta dish, it was nicely prepared and just what I was looking for.Nice lighting, attentive staff.  I'd go again.
4	I had a great meal with co-workers here. My favorite was the meatball app. I also got a caprese salad and fries. All were good. The jazz music was very nice as well. A good spot with friendly staff for sure. The happy hour deals are also a great deal.
3	This is truly a three star restaurant and if I had to do it all again, I'd probably go someplace else to spend this kind of money.  It's a beautiful, if somewhat cramped restaurant.  We ate upstairs where a duo with a electric keyboard and Gibson guitar put out Moondance and jazzy versions of standards, nice but only boardered on jazz (IMHO).  We were there with a group of six and the conversation sustained us over the 70 minutes it took to get out entrees out to us.  Ordered bruschette, $10 for three melba toast covered samples, not a good value.  Had to ask for bread to sustain us while the entrees were coming, no butter, it took two requests.  I had two Jack and cokes, one came in a collins glass, straight, the second one came in a rocks glass with a lime.-no consistency.  We asked to order the web special (3 courses for $30 and the waitress had to go get a separate menu for us.)  The food was simply ok, nothing special.  My filet was good but I was served the well done request from the other end of the table and that person got my medium rare (she wasn't thrilled). Phoenix is starting to have some very nice, quality restaurants and Bobby's isn't quite there yet.  They may get there, definitly will take some focus and maybe new or improved management.  Enjoyed Stephanie our waitress, she was very pleasant.
3	I found the food to be great here! The atmosphere and decor is really nice and inviting...the band they had the night we went was a pretty typical cover band...nothing I would classify as jazz by any means, they played a lot of karaoke favorites, such as Georgia, Can't Take My Eyes Off You, Bon Jovi hits, etc.We had a reservation for 8:30pm for five people and about halfway into the drive realized we would be about 10 minutes late, so I called the restaurant and asked if that would be a problem. They assured me that it was not, since the table that we would have was still occupied. When we arrived at exactly 8:39pm, the hostess quickly apologized and said that when we called, someone accidentally marked our names as being "seated" so they had marked us off of the list and our table was now gone. She told us not to worry because they would have a table ready for us in about 5-10 minutes, they just needed to clean and set it.30 minutes later, we were still waiting for a table, after numerous other parties were seated before us.Again, we were reassured that it would be only another 5 minutes or so. 15 minutes later, we were finally told that they were setting our table right then.When finally seated, we were all famished and asked the server if we could order some appetizers right away to get started. He rushed around, only taking drink orders of two of the five people at our table, never taking any appetizer orders from us. We started calling him Speedy Gonzales, because he would literally appear and disappear before we even knew what was going on.Our server ended up talking us out of any appetizers because he said they weren't worth the price and were very small, then disappeared again.We were finally able to order and our food arrived about 20 minutes later...and again, I will say that the food was great, well presented and tasty.The service is what lowers the rating for this establishment. Might be a place to try midweek when they aren't as busy?
4	Fell into Bobby's strolling through Kierland on a warm winter evening.  My husband saw Osso Buco on the menu and we had to go in (he ended up ordering something different).  The decor was cool.We were seated up stairs and a band (typical Frank Sinatra mood music) started playing shortly after.  Fitting for the restaurant.For the food: * Veal Meatballs & Risotto - Served with red sauce on the meatballs.  Seriously couldn't get any better.  Reminded me of my husband's Italian grandmother's meatballs & I couldn't stop eating until I was completely full because we haven't had them in so long. The risotto was so creamy & awesome too. Delicious!! A++* Organic Spinach Salad - Good.  Not the best evah but it was good.* Gnocchi & Veal Meatballs - Served with a white sauce.  OMG!! Loved them. A++* Wedge Salad - Husband says "It was really good."  Me "It looked like your typical wedge salad."Drink:* Pink Lemonade - Order it.  You won't be disappointed.  I did ask to change the vodka & they were very accommodating.We left very full & can't wait to go back.
1	Took a $30 cab ride to Bobby's b/c the website said they were open until10. They closed early. Thanks a lot.
1	My wife and I walked by this restaurant while shopping and made a point to come back for dinner. What's not to like: Italian Jazz Club with a great wine list?  We brought a friend with us on a Saturday Night and were seated promptly downstairs inside, but by the open patio seating. Weather was fine, so no problem. The problem was that there was apparently a wedding reception going on upstairs in the jazz lounge. the music and noise from that reception were loud, screechy and definitely not entertaining. In fact, the music and noise were so irritating, that we almost left before ordering. The food was OK although the portions were large and my wife's veal was not seasoned well and more rare than medium rare. The wine list was reasonable although a bit overpriced. We didn't stay for dessert. Overall, it seems like it would be a better experience if they actually had a jazz combo playing like advertised. In the future, if they are hosting a private event, they should let the regular customers know. And they should NEVER have a wedding reception on a Saturday night and still keep the restaurant open for other diners. Not cool!
4	This place has some of the coolest decor I've seen in Scottsdale.I love the live music, as well as the patio seating area.All 6 of us got the Veal, and it was delicious. We weren't that impressed with the sides, and the prices are a bit much for what you get, but overall this makes for a very nice night out.  I would definitely recommend it.
2	Not worth the money. Baked oysters were decent but the fish and chicken were below average
4	The place is very nice and swanky. We had brunch there for Mother's Day today and it was very nice. The main dining room was warm but after they turned down the lights it cooled off. The food was delicious... Eggs Benedict, meatball sandwich, omelets and salads. Every dish ordered was delicious. I got a cinnamon roll to go so will dig into that tonight. Mango mimosas were delicious too. Overall, we will be back. Mancuso never fails to satisfy.
1	Music terrible food way over priced 39 dollar rib eye should not be paper thin , the venue was off the hook should have been a great experience but you can't judge a book by it cover!
2	Place has interesting atmosphere, but the service is sub par and the food is medicore. I've given them a couple of trys. There r much better and fun restaurants to go to. Perhaps someday  the owner will try and notch it up a, couple of notches and become a competitive Scottsdale style restaurant.
5	Cannoli best I ever had. Veal piccata was fabulous as was risotto... wonderful dinner!!!Service was fantastic attentive and prompt!
2	I dined here as part of a large party. While the filet mignon was well prepared it lacked seasoning. The gorgonzola sauce wasn't enough to give the steak flavor.
4	Came here with a large group for a friend's birthday party and it was a pleasant experience. Half of our party was late to the reservation on top of us pushing it close to the kitchen's closing time time but they were very accommodating. There were minor hiccups but they were made up for. Over all I would say I had a positive experience!
3	Average.... the food was ok. The price was high for quality. Don't think we would go back. Service was good. Drinks were good. Music on the patio was not so good, you could hear the mall music and the live band.
4	Bobby's is a true delight, with happy hour everyday of the week you can get high quality food for not a small fortune.  If you have the opportunity sit upstairs as it has better ambiance and you are right there for the live music.  We have been multiple times and the music is always great!  There seafood always taste super fresh and I usually always go that route.  Last time it was my wife's birthday and we got treated to a complimentary desert that feed all four of us!
2	Not the worst ever, but I never need to go back. If I pay this much for food, I expect an experience far better than what I had.They told us at 6:45 they had seats for us. They didn't actually, but sent us upstairs to the lounge by the bar & unnecessarily loud music. An hour later, after we had already decided to just order upstairs, they asked if we wanted to sit downstairs. Note, this was one hour after they said they had seats. I understand being off by 10-15 mins, but 60 is far too much.Our meal took really long to come out as well. Ultimately, our food came to us over 90 mins after the time we were told we'd be seated. Again, if I pay more for food, I expect the service to match. This was not my experience here.
1	The worst food ever, not your typical scottsdale high end place, besides the ambience everything else is horrible. Food was awful, group of 16 and none of us were please, everything was either cold or tasteless, I almost believe it was from the awl-mart frozen section! live music was nice, i would only go there for drinks! Should have been obvious when there was just another couple besides our group on a "busy" saturday night! Will NOT recommend this place to anyone!
1	Had a party of 26 to this establishment.  From the outside looking in this place looked great.  But as they say looks can be deceiving.   Beginning with the service, they definitely lacked it.  I don't know how many times I had to walk up to the waiter asking for another glass of wine to be filled or water.  Than came the food.  9 guests ordered the Shrimp and Scallops entree except they forgot to put on the scallops.  WHen mentioned the waiter apologized and brought out a plate of scallops and tossed 2 per individual.  We brought our own birthday cake and when it was carried to our table the edges had thumb prints on the sides, thus ruining a nice picture of a custom made cake.  When I asked how did this happen the manager, Ugly Betty- i called her, said it wasn't there fault and gave me attitude.  But the worst thing about this is they had the gall to charge us $52 to cut and serve our cake.  And this was after they ruined it.  The music and band was nice but we asked them to play the birthday song once the cake was brought out.  Instead they played the birthday song 10 mins before the cake was brought out and all of us were confused why are we singing the Bday song and cake is not out.  As the party began to unwind a group of us were standing and talking near the table when the clean up crew comes up and tells us to remove all of our belongings from the table.  I was disgusted that here we are still trying to enjoy ourselves and their basically throwing us out. To say the least I will never patron this place again.  Our friends and family were in shock as well.  BUYER BEWARE!!!
