4	I've eaten here three times now, mostly with good experiences. The first time I tried three appetizers -- they make their own crab cakes and they are really good -- but the shoestring sweet potato fries go cold pretty quick, and the side of maple sour cream (I think it was) was kind of meh.Second time I had lunch, and I ordered a tuna melt. The strange thing was it came out on a small saucer, and it was stacked kind of willy-nilly. It tasted good, but a rather odd presentation.Had dinner in the dining room the third time and had a great grilled salmon.Remedy's is large, dark, and has three areas: the large rectangular bar with the video poker machines; large highbacked leather chairs where you can sit and watch sports TV; and a separate dining room with booths. The staff is quite friendly. Slightly pricey as things go.
3	Personally, this location is not as good as the other one on St. Rose Parkway but it's not horrible either. The food chicken fingers are so so but the artichoke dip appetizer is pretty tasty. Generally they are not to busy when I go which is always a plus and they are very close to school. Honestly, there is really not much to say about this place other then if your in the area and looking for either a bite to eat or a drink, it's worth stopping in.
1	We will nvr come here again, it's a bar that has jukebox and when u pick out music that they don't want to hear they will skip it. Go to Half Shell on Horizon!! Oh and I had to put 1 star on here cuz yelp won't let me post a review without at least 1 stupid star.
3	This is the only bar in the are for a couple miles in any direction, and it serves is purpose as a local watering hole well. Sadly, they've discontinued the artichoke appetizer, and replaced it with a spinach/artichoke dip which though good, can't compare to the artichoke itself. Drink prices are average for any gaming bar/tavern in the Greater Las Vegas Area. The specialty cocktails are overpriced for a place like this, one can easily get an expertly mixed cocktail at many on strip or downtown lounges for the same price range as a cocktail here. The rest of the menu is fairly priced though, I would recommend this pasta with sausage and peppers they have (forgot the name), very delicious and filling.Service here is great and the staff is very attentive and remember you whether you have been here once or on many occasions.
4	i had fun here.  chill bar with nice bartenders and standard drinks
4	Super-friendly staff and patrons. I came in here on a Monday a couple weeks ago for dinner, a drink and to check out the local place as I'm moving to the area next month and everyone could not have been friendlier or more welcoming. The drinks were great and the bartender, Kim, had asked me if I had ever had a 'Red Death' because I'm a Southern Comfort drinker and it's a SoCo shot, so I had told her 'no' and the next shot I ordered she made two, for me and herself, and bought my shot. As far as the food, I had the New York sandwich and it was perfect. I don't know what kind of aioli was on it, but it was delicious. I do wish the steak was cut into strips, to make for easy consumption. I told them I would be back next month, and I will. ...And not just because I could hit the building with a baseball from where I'm moving to!
1	Kim and Christine are always great. Was there on Thurs and the male bartender ignored us for 30 minutes. We asked for the check and called him on ignoring us. He told us to take our business elsewhere if we didn't like the service. Will probably not be going back there again.
5	Great bar, great staff, awesome food! Always a good time
5	Awesome staff, great food, delicious drinks!!!
5	Best local bar by far! Great food and friendly atmosphere, but it's the fantastic bar staff that make it a truly great bar.
3	As far as Vegas bars go this place gets two thumbs up. There food is excellent they have some good beers on tap including Guinness. The staff is friendly and attentive. They have a DJ on weekends with a good local crowd.
4	I went there with my honey a few days ago. The place was packed! It was half off the menu from 11am-2pm. This little gem is hidden off the freeway. I must have passed it 1000 times before we tried it. Once you get inside, its a beautiful place. High ceilings, fireplace in a lounge area with huge overstufed chairs with tables so you can eat there if you wish. I ordered the calamari, it was cooked perfectly. The sauce was great, sweet, sour and a little spicy. She ordered the salmon salad and ate every bit of it. I had the grilled vegetable sandwich, it was great. The sweet potato fries were stand outs too. Our poor server was slammed but she did very well and had a great personality. We will be back. Good service and great food in Hendertucky, a welcome addtion to the area!
4	Last bar stop on your way to Boulder City!A few weeks ago, a bunch of us visited this place to celebrate a birthday.  I love the fact that this place is totally "off the beaten path." It's relatively close to my house at the end of Boulder Hwy. The place is a typical Remedy's.  One section for the restaurant (non smoking) and a huge section for the bar (smoking allowed).  This place was super busy and filled with locals, MY FAVORITE!  Ample sitting area, the staff is super efficient.  All in all, the atmosphere and ambiance was super inviting and really entices you to come back!  If you live in the area, I'm sure you've been here before.  If not, be sure to grab a drink and say what's up!
1	I am a regular at this place- when they first opened, it was fabulous. Now, every time I order takeout, my order is either completely wrong or over/undercooked. It seems that the cooks no longer care about what comes out of the kitchen. Also, they host great theme parties but always have the same horrible band for every single party. I have heard that the lead singer is the lead bartender's husband, so that's probably why they haven't been fired. I have also seen on of the managers exiting the restroom without washing their hands. EWWW. This place is going down and fast.
5	You want to go to here!   Clean, Pool tables, Nice, video machines at the bar if you need em'  Really Good Food! Pub meets coffee shop relaxed atmosphere!
5	This place is really close to my house.  I've never had anything but awesome service there, and the food is pretty good.
4	This place is near my work. I think it is great especially because there is nothing else nearby. On Wednesdays they do half off for lunch time and it is a steal. The food is far beyond in quality from your typical sports bar kind of place. Also the waitstaff is real cool and friendly. It can be very busy on Wednesday's but that is to be expected when you are giving your food for half off. I am there regularly.
5	So good! The waitress that we are lucky enough to have gotten consistently is awesome and the food is great!
5	I love this place. The servers are awesome and the food is amazing.
3	This tavern is great. You can choose between having a full meal or just snacking on bar food and the bar is full service. You can also choose between sitting in the main bar area (smoking) or sitting in the dining area (non-smoking). That is the only complaint that I do have. I would like to go and hang out in the bar area and play pool but it is constantly saturated with cigarette smoke. So I am banished to the smaller area with no recreational activities. Not really a place to go have a few drinks if your not really a smoker. I will be coming back to eat, but not to party.
1	The first time we came here I was astonished. The food was great, service was on par and the atmosphere was good enough. Now....I'd rather spend my money elsewhere. The second time we came in for some drinks and appetizers with my parents the service was so bad that I had to put away my OWN menu..after 30 minutes of it sitting in my face and taking up all my space when there was food to eat, I was sick of it. So I put it back...during that entire night I had to round up our server 3 times in order to get her to do anything. Either they were understaffed of she just didn't care...either of which I could believe. The drinks were weak, but the salsa was good so I continued to give it another chance.The last time I went in I was disgusted. We sat again in the dinning area and underneath my place mat was old, dried up food from someone else. I didn't order a drink as I have found that the drinks just aren't made correctly. I ordered my favorite from the first time, the chipotle chicken nachos. It was DISGUSTING this time. Some of the chicken was cold, the sauce was gloppy and all together it just didn't taste right.
4	Cool place to a have a couple drinks, nice leather lounge chairs and three pool tables... having fun!!! Great service and great food!! Coming back!!!
2	We used to LOVE LOVE LOVE Remedy's.But the service, and the food has just gone done hill. It seemed like whenever wewould go, there was always a different waitress, who really didn't know what she was doing. But the last time we went, was the last straw. I had ordered the mahifish tacos, with sweet potato fries, and I asked for them "crispy", because the lastfew times that we had went, they were really soggy.My fiance asked for a salad.My sweet potato fries were BURNT. Not dark brown, but BLACK.We also had a hair in his salad. UN appetizing. The salad with the hair was kept on our bill. We weren't asked if we wanted a newone, or if we wanted anything else. Don't plan on returning.
4	Remedy's is one of those neighborhood bars with gambling that Vegas has so many of. Let's do this review in a pros & cons style based on 2 years of giving them our business. Pros: Easy interstate access off I-515 or as some call it the 95. Ample parking. Nice building on the outside. Dark but nice on the inside. Plenty of HDTV's around the bar and strategically placed so you can watch pretty much anything that's on at the time. Separate, glassed off non-smoking area if you want to eat without the smoke. Drinks: strong pours by knowledgeable bartenders who know their stuff. Food: from fish & chips to nachos they have a pretty nice range of offerings with something for almost everyone. And their sliders have been real kid pleasers around here. THEY OFFER TAKEOUT WITHOUT ATTITUDE. Just walk in, go to the back of the bar and find a bartender and you'll have nicely wrapped bags of food in no time. Oh and if they say 15 minutes, they mean 15. I like their consistency. Cons: Service can sometimes be slow. Sometimes...but it's rare. Food: I've had the occasional problem like soggy sweet potato fries, or cold onion rings, and I've had maybe 2 orders out of 50+ that had issues where I sent it back or complained. Again, 2 out of 50+. I did find a strand of hair on my sweet potato fries once. On a bright day adjusting to how dark the place is can be a little rough. But it's a bar, so I really shouldn't say anything about it but I did anyway. Again, I'm looking back over 2 years plus now as I write this and my family keeps asking for their food, and we keep going back. 4 Stars. YMMV but for us Remedy's will be staying on our fail-safe food options list.
5	Bests wings going in Henderson the bread pudding rocks
5	Love remedys. We are there every week. Our Cheers bar. Great food, company, and service. Need to get Big Ten Network though.
2	The inside is very nice and I appreciated a dining area separate from a noisy, smoky bar....but it seemed really confused. It's sort of fancy, complete with the leather bound book menus, but the food...just isn't. At all. The waitresses were perfect, completely kind and attentive. I was kindaaaaa nervous the staff would be rude based on prior reviews, but they were all great. 5 stars++ for all that... Now...hmmm...we stuck to ordering apps only and the food was terribly mediocre. It was heavy/greasy, typical food you'd get in a bar. Far from amazing, but it was more or less what we were in the mood for at the time (total junk!) and it even fell short of that.I really think this place could be great if they reduced the menu and focused on making a few unique dishes.
3	Great prices and really good sliders.  It would be excellent if the bartenders weren't usually in their own personal conversations, has happened several visits to Remedys but we really enjoy the happy hour and food. Good place :)
5	This is our favorite local spot that is closest to home, we wouldn't trade the girls or service for anything they are all great! food is usually alsways good, depends on which cook is working.
2	Okay, so we were in a dinner fiasco last night, and we wanted to go somewhere close, so we decided on Remedy's.... why not give them a second chance?We walk in, and the smoke free dining room is the busiest we have ever seen it. A waitress, with long blonde hair came and gave us our menus, and asked for our drinks. I asked for a water with lemon, and an extra cup of ice... My guy ordered a shot and a stella draft. We had to ask another waitress (who ended up being our main waitress) for the ice and lemons.The waitress who took over was a little sassy... but we didn't think anything of it. We ordered the chicken tenders with fries for an app. I asked her about the fish tacos (my favorite.) I asked if the mahi mahi was fresh, with no hesitation, she told me it was.... Uh, SOLD! My guy ordered the chicken penne pasta.The tenders came out, and they were okay. The fries were very soggy, and a large wet spot was left on the paper. Dinner salad came out, and this time, there wasn't a hair in it... Thankfully.Our entree's came out, and the penne pasta was good. However, I took one bite out of the first taco, and I knew I didn't want any more. It was beyond salty, and the meat was tough. It took me quite a while to chew one bite.I explained to the waitress why I didn't like it, and ordered a chicken Caesar wrap instead. She took the plate away, and then went back to the kitchen, she then very loudly, told the chefs my opinion on the food.While we are waiting, the blond waitress was helping the table next to us, telling them what the specials were, we didn't get that...... Staff isn't on the same page here.There was a large crowd in the bar, and an obviously intoxicated woman came out, shouting that she "don't trust nobody" as she went out to the bathroom......Cute....Obviously intoxicated... I hope she was cut off.The chicken wrap was okay, and I've given Remedy's their second chance.
4	Beer is cold but lines must be dirty cuz mine tasted a little vinegary. Drank it anyway cuz you know, you just can't waste it. Had the Remedy's chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries. Hubby ordered sliders and chili cheese tots. Bar area reeks of smoke but it's a sacrifice I make for the ability to catch multiple footballs games at once. Great place to watch sports. Hesitated to give 4 stars but the hubby liked his beer so I did.
1	Bad service because they never have enough staff so the staff they have is always frantically rushing around, in turn, rushing you when you order! Slow to send the food out and when it comes, it's only "ok", nothing to brag about. I won't be going here again.
5	I come here between classes and on my lunch break. They are always quick, have good happy hour deals, and great customer service.I'm basically addicted to the southwest chicken salad.Pool tables, bar, separate restaurants, and right by a college so a good crowd.
3	I used to come here before an exam. Grab a drink to forget about test anxiety, why not? Remedy is right!I haven't been back since I transferred to a different school until this weekend. I went here to watch the playoffs.The seats are very comfortable and it feels like home except home doesn't give me bronchitis from cigarette smoke. The crowd is quite odd. You'd expect college kids hanging out but the times I've been here, it's a bunch of people having midlife crisis. There's nothing cute about a 50-year-old showing off her wrinkly midriff wearing sweat pants that say "JUICY"...I doubt anything is still juicy at that point.I like the drinks here. I have 2 go-to drinks: Slippery When Wet (vodka, blueberry and watermelon liqueur and pineapple juice) and Remalicious (vodka, cherry vodka, Creme de banana and Sierra Mist). I don't come here to eat. I drink and call it a day.
5	Their food is delicious.  I recommend the steak salad.  This is one of the very few "bars" that I can say I really like their food.  More so than chain restaurants such as Applebee's or Chili's.  It is really dark inside, but your eyes will adjust.  The service is okay, sometimes it has taken a while to get them to bring the check, but the food is always on time.  They have pool tables, a fireplace, video poker at the bar and a jukebox.  A cool place to just lounge around and socialize.  I haven't tried the drinks there but I have never heard anyone complain about them.  Definitely worth going to if you're in the area.  A lot of regulars.  The decor is pretty nice, its not divey at all.  I wasn't expecting much when my friend brought me there for the first time, there isn't a lot around and it shares a parking lot with a gas station so I was a bit suspicious, which I shouldn't have been because she always finds the best places.
1	Came here with my boyfriend and we each ordered a burger with fries. A couple who walked in right before was in and out before our food even came out to the table. Waiting for 30+ minutes when the place is slow is nuts! Plus the group that came in 20 minutes or so after us got their food at the same exact time and had ordered an appetizer!! That same group also left before we were even given our check. The food was good but not worth coming back if it's gonna take over an hour to order, get our food and eat on a slow night.
5	Fish tacos were a little spicy, but I ate all of them.  the tortillas were not soggy, fish done well but not tough, and the sauce was complimentary to the overall fresh flavors of the tacos.  NY Ruben was done very well, we loved the perfectly done fries too!  the staff was very warm and welcoming.  it was a nice break from our broken a.c apartment done the street.  The pool tables are kept nice as well.  The overall experience was enjoyable and worth our time. Kyle was so nice!
3	Right so this is the second time I have been here, and I guess I had lowered expectations after the first visit...The woman at the bar was rude, so I just asked for a menu and looked it over at the table. I was with 6 ppl from NSC, we had just taken a crazy test so we wanted to grab a beer.I ordered a combo sliders (huge amount of food, took over half home) but it was really fantastic! The wait staff was slow and rude, but the food was good this time.. So it might be hit or miss here..Till next time...
1	Don't bother putting money in the jukebox the bartender will eject every song he don't like!  So we just got up and left! We went to eat dinner somewhere else! Very rude guy unless you're throwing money at him!
4	Met friends there and pleasantly surprised to learn about this great neighborhood place. Especially glad to see the glass wall partitioning the bar area from the dining room for a smoke-free environment . Had chicken Caesar salad with perfectly cooked fresh chicken. Good service and friendly staff. Three of us ate for under $40.
2	The service here is complete crap... WTF? It's a bar, can I get a beer? Spend some money? Annoying...
5	Absolutely LOVE this place! The food is amazing! I think it is very good priced, and the service is great! The bartenders are all very friendly and easy to talk to! I live down the street, and I go their a lot! I'm treated like family and I would recommend this place to anyone!
1	Worst service ever ordered a whiskey sour and it was disgusting all sour. A friend ordered hers and it was all whiskey when told the waitress, she didn't offer to fix them she told us if we ordered another one she would have the bartender fix it. We asked for a cup to mix it she gave attitude. All that after waiting 15 mins for someone to come wait on us.
2	Worst service in Henderson. Im not talking busy/waiting, I mean rude. Food is good. This place is always packed, and the staff is stuck up and unfriendly. There are no other bars nearby, so they have the whole neighborhood cornered. Maybe they are so used to having a packed bar, that they don't appreciate the people in it. There is one dayshift bartender girl that is friendly. A small brunette, but everyone else is just plain rude and unhelpful. But it looks like if you do make friends with the bar staff you get free drinks all night. (I saw a sweet old lady put a thousand dollars in the machine and get rude short service, and a bar tab, and then a ditzy broke barfly came in and got free drinks and cigarettes. Mean.)
1	I come here for the food! Last time that we will probably ever come back. They had one server and she was working both the bar and the restaurant. It took about 10 minutes before being noticed and the bartender's were too busy chatting up the gamblers then to take our drink order. When she brought out our food I thought she was maybe picking up plates and clearing tables. I was stunned when she put the food on our wobbling table. My husband who never complains about food or service was furious. We arrived at 5:15 and didn't even leave until 7:20 spent more time waiting on them than anything and was close to walking out. The food was mostly taken off the bill after I complained but she kept walking away from our table thinking we were still eating when all I wanted for her to do was take the food away. This is not the first time I have been disappointed here but when they gave us crappy food it was the last straw. This place has gone down hill.
3	Staff very nice, clean place. Food lacked. Had chili and corn bread. Chili was luke warm and corn bread clearly had been sitting as it was hard.
1	I usually just call my order in, and pick it up. Tonight, I was reminded on why we no longer sit and eat at Remedy's.We arrived, and with it being Thursday (football) the place was busy. There was an open booth, but it still had the previous customer's plates and glasses. I stand by the booth, waiting to be acknowledged, or at least for someone to clear the table.... ( sign says 'seat yourself') there were 3 different gals working the section.... After standing for about 10 minutes, the table is cleared. We order waters, and our appetizer. We tell the gal that by the time she comes back, we'll be ready to order. She comes back with a coloring sheet for our daughter. On the way to our table, she drops a crayon, and makes a rather loud unhappy sound. With the football game on, we begin to give her our food order. While I am telling her how I want my burger, and which sauce I don't want on it.... She looks up at the tv with the game on, and lets out another unhappy noise.... I guess her team wasn't doing so well. Our appetizer is delivered, and it just looks thrown on the plate. When you pay $7 or $8 for eggrolls, I guess I expect there to be more than two...but that's just me.We devour the eggrolls, and wait. Our water supply is gone. We are passed by our waitress about 4 times, she doesn't even give us a glance. Five parties pay, and leave. We still have no water, and the leftover plate in front of us. Finally, our food is delivered, and the sauce that I didn't want, came with the burger. The gal who delivered our food wasn't our "waitress", and also didn't offer us any water. I'll also add that we only had one roll of silverware ( that was unused from the party before us). So, only one fork, one knife, and one napkin. For two and a half people. (my one year old is the half person.) We asked our non waitress to speak to a manager.... And suddenly, our waitress appears. She then started to argue with us about her attitude, her services, and how busy she was.The manager was understanding, and listened to our complaints. He also got us napkins and cutlery. On our way out, one of the gals (who had waited on us before) said that the gal who was helping us is newly pregnant, and forgetful. I'm sorry, but being pregnant does not mean that your service can be lack luster....or rude. Because after we spoke with the manager, she transferred her bitchy attitude completely on us. She made it quite clear that she was unhappy with us speaking to a manager. We will be just picking up our food from now on..... If at all.
5	Absolutely Pleasant staff.  Great food, quite a surprise.  My company put me up at the Hampton Inn, so I wasn't expecting to find a comfortable place for some grub and a beer.I'll make sure to come back next time I'm anywhere near Las Vegas.(Try the brisket sliders, wow)
4	For the most part you can get great service, but sometimes they just bypass you. That comes with most bars I have been too.  The food is great especially for bar food!
5	Great spot. Friendly wait staff and very attentive! Food was killer as well! Liked that they have a separate area for non-smokers to eat.
2	Average everything. No special reason to return. Not a FUN bar. Gaming and a drink that's it. Stools a bit dangerous with the push pins coming out of the arm rests.
5	I'm eating late lunch in the dining area. Let me tell you waitress Christine has Super customer service skills, has memorized a room full of people orders, does good check-ups, and is very speedy. The food is Great too, my compliments to the chef for an Excellent job.
4	I worked down the street from this place for years and never went in because in general, video poker taverns in this town offer unimaginative and subpar fare.  For some reason I decided to give Remedy's a try, and I'm glad I did.  For a video poker tavern, the food is really tasty and reasonably priced.  They also have a customer loyalty card (called the 'RED' card) which is very generous about redeeming points for free food.  Definitely recommended.
