4	Food:  Delicious sweet gelato! They have a nice selection....lots of fruit flavors and also lots of chocolate ones too.I tried the stracitella (not sure if thats the correct spelling!) which was wonderful.Prices: a bit expensive. One scoop is around $4.50, but the gelato is well worth it though.Atmosphere: Who wouldn't want to eat gelato in the gorgeous Venetian setting?!Service: Not bad, I bet this place gets really busy though on those hot summer days!Location: Located at the Venetian Canal shops in the Venetian. The stand is located right near the canal entrance and Jimmy Choo around the corner! ooh la la!
3	I've had better, especially better for a lot less moolah (2 scoops - $6.95 I believe).  This is Vegas though, I suppose.  Their fruit sorbets are really good - especially the watermelon.  There are actual bits of watermelon in the sorbet I think.  The amaretto is also decent.
5	Let's see . . . What's better than enjoying a waffle cone filled with pistachio gelato? Oh, yeah -- enjoying a waffle cone filled with pistachio gelato while you relax and watch the gondolas float by in the climate-controlled comfort of The Venetian!Really, it may not have been the cheapest gelato in the world, and for all I remember, it may not have been the best, but I will always remember standing alongside the "canal" (with my gelato, of course) and watching the gondolas go by, feeling like I didn't have a care in the world.
4	Fairly good gelato. Expensive, but what isn't in Vegas. It makes for a nice snack to eat while you take a break from walking and hang out in "Piazza San Marco" and watch all the gondolas and tourists and everything. Great place to people watch, just like the REAL Piazza San Marco.
5	Hands down - the absolute best PEAR Gelato - that alone is 5 stars. Tastes like fresh fruit that's been frozen and made into a beautiful crisp slush without all the excess sugar.   All of the other flavors are excellent - but I would only give four stars for everything else.
5	probably one of the best gelato in vegas! i can complain about anything. hands down. its a pretty small stand, but its still really popular. theres always a small crowd around it. perfect snack for enjoying the "venetian" sceneries and dudes on gondolas singing to couples. its pretty pricey at $5.50 a scoop, but who cares, youre in VEGAS! the gelato tasted sooo fresh. it was like eating frozen berries.  oh man it tasted EVEN better once i got down to the waffle cone. THANKS UNCLE KEN FOR SHELLING OUT $40 FOR ICE CREAM!
4	So expensive.But so good.I liked the gelato and sorbet -- of which I got mango and passionfruit. Yum! Kind of expensive and is only a coffee stand type deal, so there's not anywhere to sit. But still good. I wouldn't make this a destination trip though, this is more like if you're at the Forum Shops already and are hungry. I'm hoping someone in this town will open a standalone gelato place, but maybe Vegas just ain't cultured enough for that. (I'm from Vegas, we're special kind of people.)
5	Fantastic gelato!  Had a smoothie, and nearly died it was so good.
4	Somehow, my group of friends has developed a tradition of coming here for gelato on the last day of each Vegas trip.  This is the place where I first had gelato years ago, and my friend who had travelled to Italy claimed that it was as good as what he had there.Now, for gelato, it is very good.  But part of the fun tradition here is the argument that I always have with my buddies about how ice cream is superior to gelato.  I just don't get it.  Ice cream is better!But we're talking about an A+/A- kind of relationship here.  Gelato is good, and Cocolini's is really good gelato.  Their fruit sorbets are also excellent.  A big fat "Booo" to the fact that they do not allow two flavors in a single scoop.  So, you have to shell out $7 if you want two flavors together, and that's a lot of product to put down.
2	$6 for one scoop of gelato?  Give me a f*cking break.Just because it's located in the Venetian in the faux-San Marco square doesn't mean that you can get away with charging highway robbery prices for inauthentic, mediocre gelato.I tried two samples here: their plain yogurt and their pistachio.  The texture of the gelato was like ice cream, and it was icy.  Authentic gelato is denser than ice cream.  And the flavor--the pistachio tasted artificial and had a hint of apple (?!) and a bitter aftertaste.  The yogurt was just too sweet and creamy--lacked the taste of yogurt.  Haagen-Daz is so much better--and that's not even real gelato!I know eateries in Vegas tend to be overpriced, but this is ridiculous.  $5.50 for one scoop?  And $1 extra for a cone?  Keep in mind that in Venice, a scoop is only 1-2 euros.  But even in the states, it's usually about $3-4.  But $6?!  The only reason why this place does business is because it exploits the unsuspecting well-heeled tourists who think their gelato must be good because it's located in the Venetian.To top it off, their service was unfriendly and slow.   I guess it's only appropriate that this place is in Vegas, since Cocolini is the whore of gelatterias.
1	After having gelato at espressamente, the gelato here was disgusting.  None of us finished our scoops!  Some of the bites were icy with only a hint of its flavor.  GROSS!Go to the lower level and eat at Espressament!
2	It's great gelato... but WAY over priced. I think I paid $6 for a single scoop of gelato. The most I've ever had to pay. I have to admit that it was really good though. Cocolini is located in the Venetian... appropriate I think. I guess they can really jack up the price cause it's vegas and people will pretty much pay no matter how expensive things are.
3	This should be a 3 1/2 star review.  I know it was expensive for gelato.  But I paid 60 something bucks a person for total crap on a dinner from Emerils, on this same trip so and that left us really disappointed. http://www.yelp.com/biz/emerils-new-orleans-fish-house-las-vegas#hrid:3m1-0WWU_hEkpuzsPLFF5QDessert from Emeril's was inedible and we were looking for some sort of sweet to fill that craving and it was on our way back to the room to go and change, when were drawn to this counter with all the vivid bright colors with the fresh fruits from this stainless steel encasing.  I saw the price but you know we both wanted something sweet and I kinda figured, well for 1/10th of the cost a person, felt that this was a sure thing.  The guy behind the counter was really nice, and probably sensed we were suffering from sensory overload, there was no line so he started to rattle off different flavors we should try and proceeded to give us samples and there started our gelato tasting portion of the night.  It was awesome.  The gelato had a good iciness to it, simple clean flavors and the ice creams came in combinations and names I was unfamiliar with, regardless the taste was awesome.I will apologize for the sorry for the line we built up, I wish I could blame the alcohol inhibiting our decision making skills, truth was we were just kids in a candy shop we wanted to try it all...  but we eventually made our decision picked out a few flavors, gave our gelato sommelier a thank you and a good night and went upstairs and enjoyed this frozen dessert, with our shoes off, feet up and watched a movie.  And after the crap evening we had, this made it a bit better.
3	Strolling around on the strip after work and found Cocolini @ Venetian.I sampled the coconut, pineapple, chocolate, peanut butter, spumoni, and fresh yogurt.  I settled on the fresh yogurt, which was very creamy and tasted like tart, buttery, cheesecake!  My 2 critiques:1. It was a smidgen too sweet (especially when compared to Lebanese yogurt gelato from Ciao Bella in SF).  2. $5.50 + tax for a single scoop, not cheap...
1	where in the world did you people get your gelato standards!? this gelato is AWFUL. If you have been to italy you know what gelato should taste like, and it is not anything here. heres the thing, i lived there. i know. now. lets talk about it. i LOVE green apple gelato. good green apple should actually have bits of it that are tart and sweet and perfect. it should be smooth, not icy. it can either be a sorbetti (my preference) or actually milk based, but either way, it should taste like you're biting into a crisp green apple. this did not. maybe it was a bad apple day. ok. try the bacio, another favorite. bacio is an italian chocolate and hazlenut candy. rich, smooth, melt in your mouth good. bacio gelato should be the same. theirs is not. these are the two flavors i remember. i tried a few. for our two SMALL gelatos it cost over 15 dollars. FOR GELATO. get a clue gelato losers, this is simply weird, icy ice cream that is way over priced. duh.
2	In St. Mark's Square inside Venetian.  I got a scoop of Hazelnut Gelato and boyfriend got a scoop of Blackberry Sorbet.  Cost me an arm and two legs: $11 for two scoops.  Hazelnut was not that good.  Sorbet was overly sweet.  I wish an Italian themed hotel & casino would serve better sweets.  Oh well!
2	Okay, I understand that Las Vegas being the west coast symbol of American capitalism, opulence, and luxury and all, probably means that everything is going to be much more expensive than your wallet is used to but $5.50 for a scoop of below average gelato is treason. After trying samples, I refused to let myself be robbed blind by Cocolini's. Their pistachio flavor didn't even taste like pistachio! It tasted more like mint! Perhaps cross contamination? I don't think so since pistachio was no where near any mint flavors. Their lemon and strawberry flavors were way too artificially sweet. I have a heavy hunch that they use flavoring syrups, especially of the high fructose variety in more than gratuitous amounts in their 'gelato'. It's a good thing everyone who eats at Cocolini's is a tourist, because this place wouldn't last a minute with an actual non-transient customer base to satisfy.
5	Yummmm!  Three servings in two days....hummmm....my daughter isn't feeling so thought I'd get her some sorbet...strawberry to be exact,,,,it was sugar-free and delicious...those two words don't usually go together huh.....the sorbet made her feel a lot better...and it was delicious!To back to Cocolini's again, this time, more strawberry sorbet and a chocolate gelato,.....man! was it good!  The chocolate gelato is a dark chocolate and the nice lady even put some of the shavings on my cone!  It was delicious...not sweet and very  rich "dark chocolately".  Since we're here for a couple more day, guess we'll rack up a few more servings!The lady there is very nice and of course, you can sample before you buy!  Cocolini's has become another favorite for me!(no pictures because I eat it too fast!...sorry)
2	The variety of flavors will never make up for the grouchy and incredibly rude lady behind the counter, the $8/scoop, or the only so-so taste. Take your business somewhere friendlier, cheaper, BETTER.If you decide to stay, though, try the Lychee (Lichee as they spell it) Sorbet. It almost convinced me it was worth the $8.
3	1 scoop of hazelnut gelato.  Nothing to rave about.  Nice, smooth and not too sweet.  There was a large selection of gelato and sorbet.
2	Not very good.  You would think that a place called the Venetian would have gelato that is top of the line.  This is not it.  They boast that it is made from skim milk.  This stuff does not have the goopy consistency of a good gelato.  Try the gelato at the Bellagio, much better
3	I was craving sometime of blended mocha drink and found one here.  It wasn't that great and right after I ordered it, I found out that there's a Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf in the Venetian.  Damn it, I would've prefered that.  But the ice creams at Cocolini's did look delish.  I told myself I was going to come back and get one later on in the weekend but I never got the chance.  The guy working the counter was rude too.
4	I get this once a month, since I work at the Mighty V and get a craving for it in the hot summer.The cinnamon gelato is wonderfully addictive, and a flavor in a gelato i've not found elsewhere.It's in a major Strip casino, and you pay for it. Yes, it's expensive, but so it the fro-yo place upstairs at The Venetian.The mind-boggling variety makes for hard decisions, but I always go back to the cinnamon.
2	ok so first of all, coming to the venetian i was super excited to try this gelato stand as it was my first time ever trying it! but seriously 5.50 for ONE scoop? and 7.50 for TWO? can you spell RIP OFF?yes i am aware it's vegas and things are intended to be overpriced BUT the thing that really got me going was the employees behind the counter, talk about rude.i helped my mom ask the lady for two scoops of their fruit sorbet, pineapple and cantaloupe, but instead of putting two scoops into the same cup which was suppose to be 7.50, she put one scoop into TWO different cups and said that it was going to be rung up as 5.50 EACH. Then the lady said the only way it was going to be put on top of each other was if my mom got the cone for $1 more! WTF right?Ok finally, the taste of the fruit sorbet and gelato, i got the tiramisu, my boyfriend the hazelnut, my sister mint chocolate and my mom pineapple and cantaloupe. Honestly, i think i'm better off getting myself a cup of frozen yogurt at yogurtland for half the price. I don't think i will ever be buying myself anymore gelato in the future from this place ever again, enough said.
1	EXPENSIVE!!!it was really hot when my friends and i were in vegas and we were craving for gelato.  since we were staying at the venetian, we walked to the food court to rest for a bit and get some gelato.  HELLAAA EXPENSIVE! -_- 1 scoop for $5.35 O_O i can buy myself a whole pint of haagen dazs ice cream. -___- such a BIG RIP OFF!there's a lot of variety of flavors and you can even ask to sample a few before you buy.i got the passion fruit sorbet flavor.  it was a bit sour and creamy, but for $5.35 was sooo NOT WORTH IT!
2	In St. Marks's Square in the Venetian Hotel. The service was horrific. Not only did his Spanish speaking friends butt in line, they took 10 minutes to decide (no exaggeration). while we waited He gave them two scoops in a small cup. So when I ordered after them and 2 scoops, he wanted to put it in a Large and charge. The guy's attitude was so surly after questioning him, I really didn't even enjoy my gelato after. I did have 1 scoop of bacio and 1 scoop of amaretto. Cost with tax: $8.11. Ridiculously overpriced. But the gelato wasn't too bad, and this is coming from someone who has been to Italy 4 times. Total of 2 stars: 1 star for the guy being an ass and it being way overpriced, 1 star for actually tasting good.
4	My favorite place to get gelato on the strip. It's even better if I'm staying at the Venetian! Anyhow, I won't say anymore as all the reviews have pretty much summed it up. I recommend having the tiramisu gelato, which is the best I've had. (By the way, I'm a big tiramisu fan). A little expensive, but worth it.
1	I LOVE Italian Gelato and have to have one nearly every single time I come across a shop. While living in Austria (Europe) for 10 years, I have always loved Gelato over American icecream (no offense meant. They are good too!)I ordered two scoops of Hazelnut and Vanilla for $8.The Gelato was very creamy. That's not how it's supposed to taste. It's supposed to be light and flavorful. My friend, who never had Gelato before, found it to be horrible and went to buy Frozen Yogurt afterwards to wash that taste down. I did not feel good about eating my Gelato either, and neither did my girlfriend.The stand is located in the center of the shops, with performers singing and playing music to entertain the crowd. The location is very nice as one can expect from the Venetian.After I told my friends about the bad experience with Cocolini's, one of them raved about another place he discovered a few hours later (Jean Philippe Patiserrie at the Aria Casino. I HAD to go try them out and, if it was good, introduce a PROPER Gelato to my friend.In short: I would never have Cocolini's again, and would rather go to Jean Philippe Patiserrie where I had perhaps one of the BEST Gelato EVER. Jean Philippe turned my friend from a Gelato hater (Cocolini's) into a Gelato lover. Thank you, Jean Philippe!EDIT 3/31/2011: I tried Jean Philippe Patisserie at the Bellagio thinking it would be as good as the one at the Aria. No. Go to the Aria location for GOOD gelato!
4	Yes, I know it's just gelato, but the gelato is SOOO good!  My friend and I decided to skip dessert at dinner and proceed directly to a gelato only dessert.  There are actually 2 locations in the Venetian:  The 1st on the casino level in a small food court area, and the 2nd in the Grand Canal Shoppes in St. Mark's Square.  Besides having gelato on the menu, they have a selection of sorbets, ice cream sundaes, coffee, and various krispy kreme doughnuts.  Now for me in particular, when I'm faced with too many choices, in this case too many flavors, I usually opt for a familiar flavor or my "usual."  My dessert for the evening:  Strawberry gelato.  Yes, I know sad, from the plethora of flavors to choose from I chose the simplest of them all.  Oh well, I guess no strawberry on my next visit.SERVICE:Pros:  Friendly lady behind the counter.Cons:  ONE friendly lady behind the counter.Bottom Line:  Need a cold treat??  No tempting dessert choices on the dessert menu??  Head straight to the Venetian for all the chilled gelato goodness at Cocolini's!
5	I was lucky enough to stumble upon this place, so now everytime I'm in Vegas I MUST visit!  The variety of flavors is wonderful.  I feel like a kid in a candy store here - just trying to decide which one flavor to choose (now after some careful thinking I ask myself, "why just one flavor?  Why not 2 or 3?!!").  The smooth & creamy gelato is an absolute delight!  Don't miss out on this wonderful treat!
2	Honestly, I'm a gelato snob and any gelato that comes close to tasting like ice cream or had that ice texture rather than the creamy milky texture, I don't like! And such was the case here - couldn't find any of the flavors that really tasted like gelato not ice cream! The woman behind the counter is also exceptionally cold..And this is the gelato place by the casino, not the one in St Mark's Sq..
3	Cocolini's is conveniently located inside The Venetian Hotel and Casino! It's delicious, has clean presentation to their gelato, has a simple decor to their business, there is no long wait, and has decent pricing for their quality. Customer service, however, needs a little work to attract more consumers to purchase their product.
3	Located inside the Venetian, I ended up getting some gelato when I originally planned to just get a drink.  With 50 flavors to choose from, it was hard to miss.  I got the pear, which is really good.  Tasted like an ice cold pear.  I tried some of the other flavors my friends got, but were hit or miss.  Some good flavors, but a bit pricey at $5 for 1 scoop.  They also sold Krispy Kremes, in case you wanted to get your doughnut on.
5	BOOGEE to the MAX!i love this place, best gelato spot in Vegas.Not only is the gelato delicious, theres a dude that entertains you right across from the station. he just stands there and ppl throw money as him.Pretty much sampled a variety of flavors like a fat ass, but absoloutely love the creme bruele! (sorry for the spelling)it's must when visiting vegas.
5	We skipped dessert at our restaurant to enjoy a nice gelato here in St. Marks square. The ambiance was fantastic as we walked the "streets" and window shopped. This was hands down the best Gelato I've ever tasted. I had Pistachio while my boyfriend had Banana. We were both blown away with the flavors and wished we had discovered it on a night before our last! Or I think we would have gone back a few times :)
4	Damn. First, I thought, $4.50 for a gelato and only one scoop of it...that's a lotta money even for Vegas.Then I saw the scoop. It's like 2 pretty big scoops pretending to be one. I ordered the blackberry one since I've been obsessed with blackberries lately and damn, it was good.A great light dessert before dancing the night away in Vegas.
2	After a hearty meal at the Venetian food court, I was craving some gelato, and there happened to be a stand right in front of me!For $4.50 you get a huge scoop of one of the plethora of flavors they have available. However, there are two things that just killed it for me:1. Most places allow you to get half a scoop of one flavor and half a scoop of another. This allows you to not be limited to one flavor and not have to pay for two scoops. The lady working the counter here strictly refused to do so, even though her one scoop was really more like two. Come on guys, it's not that hard.2. My gelato tasted like crap. I got the blueberry, and it was basically like ice with a bit of flavor. I just bought a Safeway jar of blueberry ice cream for cheaper than this gelato, and it was 100 times better. Not sure how the other flavors are, but avoid their blueberry like the plague!
2	This is for the one in St. Mark's Square, although I'm sure it's the same product for the one in the food court just off the casino.I got the Limoncello gelato, which was ok. The gelato was lemony without tasting like artificial lemon and was kind of creamy. It's a little overpriced for the amount that you get, but that's half expected from anything on the strip. I may give some of the other flavors a try at some point in the future.
2	Not the best gelato I've had in the states.  A little grainy and had some ice in it too.  I would try somewhere else.
1	Absolutely the worst gelato I have had.  The flavor was probably okay but I had such a hard time getting past the sickeningly sweet taste.  Texture was definitely unlike any gelato I have ever had either in Italy or in the US.   I couldn't even finish it.  What a waste of money.  This place should be ashamed for trying to sell gelato of such low quality.
3	good enough to lift you from your lost moniez
4	Great place to stop for Gelato while walking through The Venetian.  They recommended Pistachio and I enjoyed it.Vegas Trip 10/20-23/11
1	The worst gelato I've ever had. Not only did they not have my favorite flavor: pistachio, the small cup of caramel I ordered was $6! Tasted like shit, the texture was like leaving your carton of ice cream in the freezer for 2 months and taking it out when it's got freezer burn, that is the type of "gelato" you will get here, totally ridiculous. Oh and don't get me started on the service, 2 ladies chit chatting away, didn't even care that we were waiting there trying to order. Sorry if we interrupted your conversation, I should have known right from the beginning this little food booth was going to be a disaster. AVOID AT ALL COSTS... go to Tintoretto around the corner, way better gelato and less expensive.
4	I want to say it's good Ice cream.....really good ice cream....It's definitely not gelato...While cruising through the Venetian....my girlfriend and I thought it'd be perfect to stop take in the hotel and the ambiance and enjoy some "gelato". We both opted for the Coconut and really enjoyed it....we sat for a while just enjoying each others company and taking in the scenery.
3	We had 2 scoops: 1 mint chocolate chip + 1 crunchy rum on a chocolate cone on a Sunday afternoon. Using the a bogo free scoop, it take out to 7.03.- sample first :)- mint chocolate chip was delicious. one of my favorite flavors. justice!- crunchy rum was horrible! my gf wanted it. my excuse. haha. bitter raisins. ewww.- cone was great! chocolate dipped on top made it extra yummy. - 1 buck for on a cone. all cones same price- small scoop size. (5.50 a scoop!! inflation!!)- too expensive even with coupon, but expected at the venetian/palazzo.- parents get suckered! kids love this place. "get whatever you want son, you're in vegas!" :)
4	Wow I'm really surprised at the previous reviews! Maybe they had a bad day? My friend and I had just finished eating at Otto, discussing how hard it is to find decent gelato outside of Italy, both of us are pretty picky about our gelato, it has to have that perfect butterfat content and sugar content and balanced with the water content to prevent it from freezing solid, also the flavors need to be fresh, not artificial tasting. We both found this in the gelato here, I had the pistachio and she had the mint chip. $5 for a small cup, isn't outrageous, you're in the Canal Shops, so everything is overpriced. They had a large selection, many with no sugar added.
4	I judge gelato based on certain flavors: pistachio, hazelnut and baccio (chocolate + hazelnut).  I've been to Vivoli in Florence, Italy - the home of THE best gelato in the world - and Cocolini is the closest thing in Vegas.  Their gelato is nice and smooth - the way it's supposed to be.  I've had gelato in other places in Vegas and they were marginal - some were even freezer burnt. Bleeccchhh!!!The location is just perfect. You can enjoy your gelato while watching the performers at the piazza, while riding a gondola or just people-watching on the bridge.  I want my baccio gelato!!!
4	The first time I wandered through St. Mark's Square at The Venetian, it was at some ungodly hour when it was mostly empty. I remember walking past Cocolini's and one of my friends proceeded to go on a rant about how awesome the gelato was. Being dead tired at the time, I ignored him because my need for sleep was greater than my need for gelato.Flash forward two years and a handful of Vegas trips later, my sister and I found ourselves in St. Mark's Square on Christmas Day, watching the performers in the middle of the square. Walking past Cocolini's my friend's rant about the excellent gelato came back to me, so I decided I would finally finally give it a shot.I was not disappointed. The gelato is just the right amount smooth, sugary goodness. Scrumptious. I am actually more of a fan of sorbets than ice cream in general, and the sorbetto here is divine.tl;dr: Yea, it is kind of expensive, but that's why, as much as I might wish otherwise, gelato is a sometimes food. And if you're only going to get it sometimes, you might as well get it from somewhere that does it right.
3	As a gelato place located in the Grand Canal shops, I expect to pay more than what you would normally pay outside a casino. One scoop - $5.50Two scoops - $7.50In a waffle cone - $1.00 extra Presentation and flavor variety is good but the actual gelato is just okay. I sampled at least 4 flavors and tried out some of my cousin's and the only flavor that stood out to me was the chocolate-cherry flavor (I don't remember the actual name). The mango was quite disappointing. It had an artificial taste and was more on the creamy side.The bright side was that although the cup was small, they really stuffed the gelato in there.Decent, but I would not come again.
4	The texture can't compare to the real stuff in Rome (or anywhere else in Italy, I assume), but the flavor is authentic.  And the little fake Palazzo is a nice place to sit and eat.
4	When you're in the Venetian, you got no excuse not to have one of their gelato's, specifically from Cocolini's.  I'm not saying that this is best gelato that I ever had, but it's pretty good.  One thing about gelato's is how every restaurant presents it.  All the nice beautiful flavors stuck behind glass.  You might not be in the mood for gelato and end up buying scoop anyway.  Well, that's exactly what I did. Every time I come here, I see nothing but huge lines.  To my surprise, zero people in line. I wasn't in the mood, but didn't want to lose my chance at Cocolini's gelato with no line.  Or, that's just my excuse to break my diet.  On my visit to Rome years ago, I was once given a tip to always get two flavors that are on the complete opposite taste from each other.  For an example, get a light flavor combined with a very bold flavor.  And when you eat it, taste the stronger flavor first followed by the lighter flavor.  Wow..no wonder everyone loves gelato.  There's actually a way to eat it.  I usually do this, but didn't on this visit. I wanted something light combined with something lighter.  So, I ended up with their caramel sea salt and butter pecan.  Both were good, but to be honest, I regret not doing the strong flavor with the light flavor suggestion.  Regardless, you can't lose either way since gelato always brings a smile to my face.  PS:  Can you even say gelato without smiling? Didn't think so.
4	April 28, 2013 Sunday - treat 5:30 PM2 adults Atmosphere - 4 starsFood - 5 starsService - 4 starsBackground - Just looking for a quick bite for a snack.Atmosphere - At the Venetian mall so it is loud as a lot of things are going on.   Food  Appetizer - None.  My Main Course - None   Dessert - Yep skipped right to dessert.  The gelato was smooth and rich what you want in it.Service - Just there, as if she wanted to be somewhere else.  Not a single word to us other than the total.  Future - My wife loves the place so probably.
4	Coconut Sorbet. Mmmmm...! http://su.pr/65KI0tSo smooth, so flavorful, so worth the visit!I also got to sample the Watermelon Sorbet. I really appreciate it when watermelon flavors taste like the actual fruit rather than artificial. It was the most vibrant sample spoon ever served to me, ever!
3	The gelato and coconut sorbet were very good. The service was just OK.. they didn't pay you much attention just handed what you wanted and told you the price.  The location is the best part of this place - you can get your gelato and sit in the promenade and catch one of the carnevale performances.
5	AWESOME gelatos! I got a tiramisu and dear God I was in heaven! Definitely must go back!
3	Creamy and authentic gelato but nothing too special.  They serve traditional flavors which are well done but I'd like to see more creative flavors.
2	Ehh, 2.5 stars,  for the awesome location. This little gelato kiosk is located in the promenade of Canal Shoppes near the faux canal where people can go for gondola rides. You can grab some gelati and then walk around the Promenade or grab a seat on the benches and take in the sights. I love watching the little floor show, seeing the gondolas go by, listen to the gondoliers singing, and people-watching.The gelati we tried (mint chocolate chip, chocolate hazelnut, chocolate, and mixed berry) had pretty good flavor, but they were much airier and icier in texture than other gelato. Not very pleasant. Service was as to be expected. I guess, since the staff have to deal with so many people all day all the time, they're tired and not so friendly!The most unpleasant thing about Cocolini's, however, is the price of gelato! Approximately $7 for 1 scoop, and about $8+ for 2 scoops. Ridiculous. I had to buy gelato for four people, and so I just ordered 2 double scoops and split it among the people. I know prices in Las Vegas are supposed to be insane, but I expect the flavor and quality to be there as well! So many places to eat on the Strip, I won't be back.
4	I always stop here when I am visiting Vegas and need a gelato fix.  Their gelato and sherberts are very yummy.  Prices are typically high (hey its Vegas) but they still lose a star on value.
2	Avoid avoid avoid!! The gelato here is well....pretty bad. The flavors aren't that rich tasting and they do not have that smooth creamy flavor that gelato should have. Instead you are left with the feeling that you are having ice mixed with a little flavor and a little water. The kiosk is located in a fabulous location at St. Marks Square within the Venetian Hotel and is a great place to get sit down and watch the people go by.......unfortunately the gelato tastes terrible!!! I would give this place one star, but I"ll upgrade it to two for the nice lady behind the counter and the wonderful location. All in all, save your money and go have gelato somewhere else....such as Francois Payard at Caesars Palace!
3	Service was OK on a Sunday night. Portions of gelato were, for two scoops, minimal. But they tasted really good, light-airy, spectacular texture and flavor. One of the best gelati I've tasted in this Nov. 2013 Vegas trip. Got the BACI and SPUMONI flavors; brother got the hazelnut and pistachio. Vegas-priced at $19 for two-two scoop cones. Not a value but you're in Vegas right? You're not looking to skimp, but to enjoy! So this place is still a good treat.
3	I ordered regular coffee. It was average. I mean it's coffee, you can't go wrong with that. I also wanted some gelato but for $7 a scoop, I couldn't justify spending that much for a small cup. I know this is Vegas and everything is overpriced but come on...maybe I'm just cheap ahaha
1	Service was HORRIBLE. I was with my family and we asked this guy named Gustavo for the prices. after I figured out that he didn't give us all the options he said "look it's not my obligation to give you all the options." As a result, we were basically short of $7.95. He was soo rude. He kept interrupting me and wouldn't let me finish my sentences, didn't help us at all. I had to keep talking louder because he kept interrupting me and ended up yelling at me. I left incredibly angry. I would not recommend coming here at all. Their gelato wasn't even that good. The flavor wasn't very brought out and it was too watery.
4	Great Gelato. Lovely atmosphere as well.
5	Although I felt the employees could've been a little more personable, you don't spend more than 5 mins with them anyway. Spumoni ice cream is my absolute favorite, but this was Spumoni gelato! Yummy :) my son had the strawberry gelato, it was a little too sweet in my opinion.
4	A million flavors, natural vibrant taste. Gelato, sorbets, flakey pastries and expresso.... Much better than the typical hotel cafe.
3	I wanted to give this place four stars, but the price wouldn't let me. I thought the gelato was really good. I had straciatella and I believe peanut butter, and they were both pretty good. What I enjoyed about the straciatella was that it was very authentic, with many small chips of chocolate in every bite. However, the price... Wow. My family got three cones, each with two flavors. It came out to 28 something. That's almost TEN DOLLARS per cone! Unless it's the best ice cream I've ever had, no ice cream is worth that much. The setting around you is beautiful, but come on. Gelato in the real st. Marks square isn't that expensive! Give me a break!The lady we had that scooped the ice cream was nice, but to all the other reviews here complaining about the service... Give THEM a break. I saw some of the rudest customers I've ever seen while I was there. It seemed like an Asian your was heading through, and ladies in that tour were literally pushing other customers aside and just continually tapping the glass and waving at the employees. I can't imagine having to deal with that every day.
1	I would have given no stars if I could!! Abysmal customer service. After trying 1 trial flavor they refused to give one more. The server shouted "NO MORE" as though I had tried their whole selection. Also the one flavor I did try was bad. Never going back again.
3	3.5 starsAlluring presentations of creamy and fruity gelato smack dab in a popular Venetian square. Blackberry was a bit icy, but the classic lemon was dreamy. Tart, almost to the point where your lips pucker, with tiny flecks of candied lemon peel in each bite. My scoop was a decent size, but service was terrible. The server behind the counter was surly and reluctant about giving samples to those before us, so I blindly selected my flavors. Phooey. No getting two flavors in the small cup.If it weren't for the fact that we were living large this weekend and parched, I would not have shelled out this amount for gelato. In case you haven't heard: It's $6.25 per scoop. Yowza!If you want front row seats and good eats for the shows in St. Marks Square, and you don't mind shelling out dolla dolla bills, come on by.
4	Located in the Venetian by the living statue, Cocolini's serves up some yummy sorbets and gelatos. You can grab a scoop and then sit at one of the surrounding benches and enjoy while people watching. We got the Old Fashion Lemon Zest which tasted like a Lemon Chill you could get at a state fair. Love the bits of the lemon in it as it gave little intense pops of additional flavor to the already lemony sorbet. Very refreshing on a hot Vegas day.
4	I always get lost finding this gelato ice cream place located inside the Venetian at Vegas but I seriously LOVE the vanilla bean flavor! It's nice and creamy the way I like it. I'm not really too serious for the other fruity flavors like watermelon though; it didn't really suit my taste. However I did see one of the workers remove like a piece of hair or something from the coconut ice cream when I was next up in line and she ended up just using her hands to pick it out instead of removing the whole thing or the chunk out. The ice cream is pretty pricy as well. It was about two small order for about $13 but it is in a tourist area so things are high in the scale. Overall thumbs up for the gelato
