5	In the last few years, self-serve yogurt bars are popping up at an incredible rate. Island recently opened a store not far from my house, and it was at the insistence of my brother than I finally went and checked the place out. Needless to say, I was kicking myself for not going sooner. Island has an excellent selection of both flavors and toppings. I have fallen completely in love with the Cake Batter flavor, and 9 times out of 10 that is what I walk out with. They have several other solid flavors as well, plus a few that tend to alternate. The toppings bar is more diverse than other similar places, as well - where else are you going to find a place that has a bottle of white chocolate syrup you can put on your ice cream creation?Additionally, there is a cooler stocked with drinks, so even if you aren't looking to score some ice cream, you can likely get something else that is more up your alley.While is definitely more of a "take-out" place, should you decide to stay and eat your item at the facility, they have some tables and chairs, both inside and out. Plus inside, a TV frequently is on, showing music videos.I don't have any complaints about this place whatsoever. I have never had a bad item or bad service. Ice cream lovers, this is one "island" you won't mind being stranded on.
5	This is a great little operation.  There are I believe 10 flavors available at any given time, the staples (chocolate, vanilla, strawberry) and some not so usual suspects (cake batter, dulce de leche, peanut butter).  I have over the couple years that we have visited this shop, tried 5 or 6 flavors and all of them were quite good.  There is a really nice little topping bar that goes both ways (fresh fruit and nuts on the one end....crushed cookies and candy on the other) and they are nicely upkept.  4 of us got small (see: Child's size) yogurts with toppings for under $20 which is another bonus, it is quite affordable!  My only advise, if you are intimidated by the size of the alleged "small" go to the counter and ask for a Child's size cup.  I concur with Taylor C. on the Cake Batter flavor...awesome (though I usually mix mine with chocolate).
5	We started coming here when it first opened (actually, we came when it was an ice cream parlor previously); since it's in my Father-in-Law's neighborhood, it's convenient- ok, he recommended it. (What's funny is that it's a few doors down from Tropical Smoothie Cafe- one of my favorites!)There are two cup sizes, many yummy  flavors to choose from, and a lot of toppings- chopped candy, chopped fruit, nuts, cookies, and cereal! It's done by weight, per ounce,  like the other Fro-Yo places. There is a benefit, however, to coming here, the punch card- purchase 9 servings of frozen yogurt and receive one 8 oz. serving free! Yes, I am a fan of these customer loyalty programs. (I have a keyring devoted to these store cards- every cashier that I hand it to, loves the idea. I admit, I got this idea from a co-worker.) Furthermore, it's always clean and the staff is pretty nice. Great Frozen Yogurt place in Henderson. If you're ever in the area, try it.
4	I am always on the lookout for new places to try in my area, and when I noticed the positive reviews for Island Frozen Yogurt Bar I decided to give it a shot.  From my house, I had to drive by a Baskin Robbins AND a Cold Stone Creamery to get there. This obviously means that Island will be compared to those when I decide if I will go back... Island is a self-serve place, which I do not mind at all. I grabbed a couple cups (I was unable to talk my husband into joining me on my visit, but he was able to talk me into bringing him back some!) and went to work. I didn't mix my yogurts, although that was an option. No point for me, because all I wanted was to see if the Cake Batter was as good as Cold Stone Creamery's. And it passed the taste test! I went with strawberry for my husband, and then made my way to the topping bar. Oh the variety! Lots of syrups (mango flavor? Yum!), brownies, candies and fruits to choose from. And moochi! I loaded the husband's cup up with all sorts of fruit toppings: Pineapple, strawberry, blackberry, raspberry and kiwi. Plus some shaved coconut. I added a couple pumps of the caramel syrup, some strawberries and yogurt chips to mine. A nice girl asked if I needed lids (I did), offered me a punch card and rang me up. Damage was right around $11 with tax. Not bad, I don't think I could get out of Baskin Robbins or Cold Stone Creamery with the same yogurt and toppings for that price. I will certainly be back.
4	I love self-serve frozen yogurt shops with FRESH toppings.  I even get it in the winter it's so good!  The store is always clean, employees are always nice, and the flavors are awesome.  A great value at guiltfree prices!
5	I am so happy to have found this yogurt shop near where I live.  The girls that work there are always friendly.  The choices of flavors are awesome.  I love the fact that they have sugar free and some are fat free as well.  They have two flavors where it could be vanilla and chocolate or chocolate and peanut butter with the option to have the machine swirl those two flavors together.  Yummy! Yummy! Yummy!  The pics above don't represent this actual store but I do love the decor of the store and the fact that they have an area where you can sit and watch kid movies.  My favorite is peanut butter and chocolate flavored with almonds and carob chips as a topping.I feel so much better eating this even though I just love Cold Stone, it is just I feel it is healther for me and my family
4	Great Frozen yogurt! Even filled a stamp card went into get my free one grabbed the same cup as always got to the counter and the girl says you have to show the card first to get a free one. Don't know why it would make a difference. So paid for 2 when I thought I had a free one. However learned my lesson and went back a few weeks later and got my free one. They should have a sign somewhere that says that. Still yummy frozen yogurt.
5	This place is great! They have a great selection of yogurts and an even better selection of toppings. And unlike some of the other fro yo places where you have to pay like 50 cents per topping you can have as little or as much of each topping as you want and you pay by total weight. The place has always been clean and the toppings appear fresh every time I've gone. All of the young ladies that work there are very friendly and helpful.
3	My recommendation: Banana, cheesecake/strawberryYou really can't go wrong when you're combining flavors here. The chocolate goes well with the banana and it still taste great when you throw a little coconut and strawberry cheesecake in there. Nothing really over powers anything so you can't really make a bad mix so go crazy.The lighting is pretty dim so it makes for pretty chill, kickback environment. It's quiet with soft music playing. They play popular/mainstream songs consisting of different genres. The metal chairs had back rests that could easily send you to the hospital. They were worn and jagged. I sliced my arm open while gettin out of the chair.I wasn't blown away by this places frozen yogurt, but I can't complain about the product quality either.
4	Went there on a whim after dinner with my favorite 8 year old.  The taste of the frozen yogurt was better than Yogurtland, which I totally love that place.  The place was not too busy and the staff was super friendly.  Would absolutely return!
4	Me and my grandpa went here after we ate lunch at tony roma's.I got 3 diffrent kinds of yogurt vinnilla,chocolate,and pistachio.For toppings I got chocolate surup,oreo cookies,sprinkles :) It was very yummy I hope they keep the pistachio flavor for a while and I hope they get the cake batter flavor back soon.
4	I love this place. The selection of frozen yogurt is great and the toppings are marvelous! (though I don't usually stray from my vanilla w/ strawberries and chocolate chips combination (: ) I especially like how the fruit is always so fresh. I've tried other yogurt places and some are too pretentious or too complicated (*ahem* red mango, atomic 7). This place is laid back and very inexpensive. One complaint- I stopped by last night and they decided to close early, by nearly half an hour. They even went as far as blocking the doors off with the garbage pails. ....ruuuuude.
4	I was very happy when this place opened as it is a great location being right down the street from my home (but that is also very tempting). They have a great selection of frozen yogurt and toppings. I love that you can get whatever you want and then you are charged by weight instead of each item.  I wasn't sure how often the flavors change, but I did happen to go twice in a week and noticed that the second time there were a couple different flavors.  I really appreciate that they have later hours (open til 11pm on Friday and Saturday and 10pm the rest of the week) after all, we do live in Vegas people!  The staff are friendly and the place is always busy.
5	This is a great self service frozen yogurt shop.  They have plenty of flavors to choose from that are sugar free, fat free or low fat.  They have tons of topping to choose form and even offer free arcade games.  Great family place!The service was excellent also.  I had a chance to talk to the owner and he is a very nice guy.  The gentleman working behind the counter was also very nice and polite.  Can't wait to return.
5	We've been coming here for years now and for a summer cool down it's the place to be. They have many different flavors and you can pick extra toppings if you want them and there are lots to choose from. I always try to stay with 2 flavors, but always seem to check out any new offerings. The yogurt is charged by weight and the price seem very reasonable. Get a punch card if you are going to be a repeat customer. They now have a pinball machine, donkey kong and another video game in the back room, what makes it even better is they games are FREE! Ooooo, I let the cat out of the bag :-(
4	I don't even get to utter Fro-yo fully before my kids are jumping up and down. Husband too. We moved to the area a year ago and we have come to this establishment at least 20 times. There was a change in management recently, and the place has only been improved. What was I assume, once a storage area, is now an arcade full of some of my favorite old school games. Plenty of seating by way of benches in the TV and arcade area, booths indoors, and patio seating outside. Always clean restaurant,  and always friendly gals behind the counter. Great tasting fro-yo and their seemingly endless buffet of toppings and syrups. I never know what to choose so I end up with a brown-rainbow looking pantry-gone-wrong mess in my cup, but it always tastes on par (yay me for liking pineapples on top of carob chips and graham crackers on cake batter and banana fro-yo!).Son tried a recently added sno-ball last night, and it was so good and flavorful that I almost asked him to trade his sno-ball for my fro-yo.A regular place on our small list of places we frequent.
4	Well since this yogurt shop is in my neck of the woods, I come here often.   My latest visit here found some new changes. Besides the new owner, here's what I noticed:Say goodbye to the buy 9 yogurt get 1 free punch cards. There is a new kind of punch card out now. The new punch cards- Earn 50pts receive $5 gift card ..1pt for each dollar spent. Sno Balls - The bright colored banner out in front is what caught my eye. I havent tried it but the young lady behind the counter said they are just like snow cones.  New containers- Instead of the plain white ones they also have colorful bright colors in 3 different sizes. Lime green looks like their small size, hot pink, their regular size,  and a bright yellow, which is the largest size. Colorful plastic spoons too!  New price structure - If I am not mistaken, different price structure. As you walk in there is a board up on the wall by cashier with the cups and prices for each size. So now you are charged for weight of toppings in addition to the price for the corresponding cup. This visit my froyo in the $5 yellow container with 3 different flavors of yogurt ( I couldnt make up my mind) came to almost $9 with all the added toppings. Good stuff but kind of pricey.The friendly service remains the same. There is still a good choice of flavors at any given time.  Along with the Vanilla, Strawberry and Chocolate staples, they offer a few island fruit flavors like mango,coconut and pineapple. Also sugar free, non dairy and non fat type frozen yogurt. The toppings bar is kept up, the fruit fresh. Agave syrup offered as one of their toppings as well.  The place is neat and organized in general.  Hours are still the same, stays open late on weeknights. Nice place to meet up with friends and neighbors and have our froyos on the patio tables set outdoors to the side of shop.
5	Yummy! Best place & free games too!Yummy! Best place & free games too!
4	They have a wide selection of yogurt flavors - maybe 10-12 at a time. The topping selections were a bit less than some other yogurt parlors I've visited, but there was a sufficient amount of options for all. The cashier was friendly and prices were reasonable.
5	Nice place for a healthy snack and the price is reasonable too.no wifi though, yeah it matters to me, I like going to where the wifi is.
5	My kids love this place. I love the inexpensive prices!
3	This is your typical serve yourself fro-yo... In general, I think I'm running out of steam with this concept.  For me, it's just getting old.  The cups are always so big.  I need to exercise a lot of self control to put that realistic amount of frozen yogurt in there and not go overboard.  Can't they have a normal size cup?  Just a rant-y sidebar; no stars off for this.  We tried a sno-ball, which was really good.  They had a ton of flavors for these.  Considering that, in the summer, the Beach Bums Hawaiian Ice shack is only a little ways down the road - and they have more options as far as flavors and mixing with ice cream - I think I'd choose that over this.  The store was clean.  There was sort of a photo enlargement gone wrong on the tables.  Anyone else notice this?  OK, so I'm just entirely too tuned into weird details. Good service and good product as far as serve-yourself frozen yogurt is concerned.
5	This place really continues to be great and come spring/summer, it becomes a weekly must have for me. New card: $1 = 1 point. 50 points gets you a $5 gift card. Worth getting if you stop in often!
4	Whenever I'm asked about FROYO, I never turn this opportunity down.  A couple of us came here after a BBQ.  I'm super surprise to discover this place and location.  I always thought the location did not contain a lot of cool businesses, but so not the case.Island Frozen Yogurt Bar is like Yogurtland.  You choose the size cup, the flavors of yogurts and toppings.  You are charged by the weight of your cup in the end.  The store has a few tables for seating.  There's an arcade in the back.  There's also an area that looks like a candy shop.  It definitely hit the spot today.  The great part is that it's so close to where I live, so you know I'll be back!  Very soon :)
5	I was in town from Seattle and we went here and it is sooo much cheaper than the places in Seattle! Very nummy with a wide selection to choose from. Will definitely come here again whenever I'm in town.
4	This place is awesome & conveniently so close to my house.  I'm developing a froyo addiction after discovering Island Frozen Yogurt Bar.  They have a great selection of fresh fruit (including my two favorites pineapple & kiwi yum) and candy.  My only complaint would be that their yogurt flavors are a bit limited compared to other places I've been to.  They have about 10 to select from.  But the flavors they do have are all great.  My self-served froyo always ends up being absolutely delicious.
3	This used to be the ONLY froyo place I like. They have the creamiest flavors ever! Friendly staff, helpful and kid friendly! I like the video game lounge they have in the back.Staff, ambiance and yogurt get 5 stars. However, overall I had to give it a 3.There is a new element that bugs me. It seems like they are trying to take a successful FROYO shop and turn it into every boutique style shop in town (ie: adding candy, sno balls, possibly ice cream, etc???). We go there for Froyo. If I want crepes, I go to Crepe Shack and Waffles. For amazing Hawaiian ice, I hit up Beach Bums. If I want candy, I go to Sugar Factory, or um, Von's? If I want ice cream, well, you guys get the picture. LEAVE IT ALONE! Stop adding junk to a healthy, successful endeavor. I liked bringing my girls in for a healthy dessert option. in lieu of ice cream, etc...the yogurt is so good that they rarely ask for any toppings!Now, my kids make a beeline for the candy which I REFUSE to buy. If I wanted candy, I'd go to a candy store. All of the sugary treats that they've added are a step backwards and a kick in the face to the healthier option frozen yogurt.If they hadn't ruined the point of a frozen yogurt shop and made it into a sugar pit, I'd stick with 5 stars. Unfortunately, I have a feeling that candy drives profits. Too bad. We are definitely going in less and less to avoid the candy and sugar. It's a big disappointment.
5	This little gem is located right next to Naga Thai restaurant on Horizon Ridge and Horizon. The shop is small and unassuming, but has everything you need in order to leave satisfied.The yogurt flavor selections were more straight forward and not weird chemical concoctions that a lot of yogurt places boast. I opted for strawberry and vanilla with some white chocolate chips and sprinkles on top. It was around $4.The yogurt was so delicious and rich. I know it was good because even my burps afterward were delicious ;). The service was very friendly and they have outdoor seating on the side of the building so that you can enjoy a beautiful view of the black mountain while indulging in your sweet treat. The store boasts many fruit and non fruit toppings in addition to candy for sale.
4	Stopped in for a treat after dinner and it was very tasty.  There was a nice variety of flavors including my favs (Chocolate and Peanut Butter).  There were lots of toppings to choose from and the staff was friendly.  Not much more you can ask for in a dessert place.
3	Just okay...not impressed by flavored or toppings. Outside tables were covered with spilled yogurt
4	I love their cake batter yogurt.Their toppings are fun!They are decently priced.Some of the young girls that work there, can be snobby. Especially when they have boys come in and try to "whoo" them.... that seems to be more important than acknowledging any customers that come in.Shape up ladies, you're at work!
4	IF YOU GAVE ME A CHOICEOne small cup of yogurt with all the fixings and I'm more than happy. For some reason this yogurt bar seems cleaner than a certain national franchise. It's fresh and creatively fun to build your dessert. About $5 for a small cup filled to the top.
5	Yummy, great yogurt and toppings. Convenient location.
5	Awesome place. Love the taste. It's so much better than everywhere else.  Especially the Dole pineapple and no extra charge for the waffle cones!!  it doesn't get much better than that.
4	The main reason I like this place is their Dole pineapple froyo. I first had it at the Dole Plantation in Honolulu and it also reminds me of the Dole pineapple whip float at Tiki Room in Disneyland. All of which brings happy memories. They have other flavors too like red velvet, guava, cheesecake and others I can't remember simply because I only want pineapple. It's very good - tart and sweet at the same time. I was debating if I should get a plain pineapple yogurt and skip all the shenanigans or not. Ok, so, I added 2 pieces of pineapple, 3 slices of strawberry and some colorful mochi just to make it look pretty. Next time I come here, I'm bringing cold pineapple juice and I'm making my own Dole pineapple whip float.This is located next to a Thai restaurant and a Tropical Smoothie Cafe I used to go to when I was still going to school in this part of town. I'm going to tell you right now, if you need napkins, they're to the right of the yogurt station and behind you when you go pay for your yogurt. Yeah, the service tonight wasn't island-like (friendly and laid-back). Not even a smile or "how are you doing?"
4	Dole Pineapple.That's what caught my eye as I passed by this otherwise overlooked shop.I'm not a fan of self-serve yogurt joints, but after bicycling on a hot summer day, anything fruity and refreshing sounded good to me. After that first visit, I was hooked! Located next to Naga Thai by Horizon & 95, this frozen yogurt shop has your typical common flavors you commonly see, Vanilla, Chocolate, Strawberry, and Red Velvet. In the span of all my visits in the last few weeks, I've tried every flavor. My favorites? Dole Pineapple (of course!), New York Cheesecake, Peanut Butter, & Cake Batter. I've sampled lots of flavors from Yogurtland, U-Swirl, Yofresco, & Golden Spoon, & I NEVER cared for their versions. Yet, Island Frozen's New York Cheesecake & Cake Batter is creamy, tasty, & yes, nonfat. Their Peanut Butter is awesome, I'm already thinking of what kind of chocolate I'll mix with it next!For those who are curious, or people from the Hawaiian Islands, this isn't Dole Whip. I don't believe there's any dairy in there, since it's labeled Lactose-Free. It's more of a sorbet texture & a sweet pineapple taste. As you go grab your cup, you'll see a clear case with cups already filled with waffle bowls. No charge for the waffle, but remember it's included in your yogurt weigh-in. I have found them to be stale at times. Free WiFi. There's one TV that is usually playing a kid's movie. Mulan was the feature presentation last time. There's a few old-fashion video arcade games located in the back for the older kids. There's a small little kid's table w/ those cutesy chairs. As a mother of a toddler, it's very kid-friendly. I like that.Clean restrooms.Toppings bar is always kept clean, fresh, and I love the variety. Fruit, cookies, chocolates, syrups, mochi, popping pearls, brownie bites...They have what they call snow balls, but when I asked, they pretty much said it's a shaved ice cone. I haven't tried it, so I can't judge how good it is. They give a stamp card. 50 points will earn you $5 off. I'm surprised I'm not there yet.So there it is. If you're in the neighborhood, at least stop by to try their Dole Pineapple flavor. It's yummy!
4	A creamy frozen treat?  I'm in!  Walked in to a clean and well laid out dessert place.  You can take whichever size cup you'd like to fill.  Hold the phone... NO ADDITIONAL CHARGE FOR A WAFFLE BOWL?  Well, I took advantage of that but unfortunately the bowl was kind of stale. Maybe I'll skip the free waffle next time.  There are 12 great flavors of frozen yogurt to appease anyone.  From Dole Pineapple to Cake Batter, you are bound to find something your taste buds will love.  Once we made our yogurt choice, we walked over to the extensive toppings bar.  There were so many sugary goodies that it would definitely keep anyone's kids up till midnight! There were also 8 different sauce toppings!  Nice!  Just like other frozen yogurt places,  the price goes by the weight of your treat.  It honestly was so much cheaper than places like Josie's, Golden Spoon or Blizz.  We were pleasantly surprised by this.  They have a beautiful patio seating area.  It was a gorgeous day out and we were able to take advantage of that.  They have about 4 or 5 tables along with some benches.   There is lovely lighting and music playing for those enjoyable Nevada evenings.   I'm about 99.9% sure we will be back soon.
5	An afternoon treat  in a cute establishment. There are kid tables and toys as eell as a few okd school video games, donkey kong! Reasonable and you can get a punch card to earn a 5 dollar credit after spending 50 bucks.nice!
4	This place is sooooo faaaaaar away from me!!But besides the location, they have a cool, casual vibe here.  It's essentially a fro-yo place like many others you have been, but it's a little more lounge'y, so you can just hang out for a bit on the couches while you are eating.  It was freezing in here though, and this was while it was still warm outside.I tried the Dole Pineapple flavor everyone was raving about, and YES, it IS tasty!  It packs a strong pineapple flavor, and combining it with fresh pineapple slices, it creates explosions of flavor!I tried to stay "healthy" this round, so I also added some super ripe strawberries (just how I like em), and some mochi and pearls for texture. Give it a shot if you are in the neighborhood!  I can't see myself driving for 45min+ just for fro-yo though.Pics :
5	Just went to this yogurt bar as I was passing by.  Happy to say it was awesome! The flavors were delicious and the people working there were friendly.  Next time Im in the area it will definitely be a repeat. BTW, try the pineapple frozen yogurt, it was fantastic!!!
4	This frozen yogurt shop not only serves dole whip froyo, but also sells shaved ice.  The hawaiian style shaved ice, not a snow cone.  It also has a small arcade area and the games are free.  Its good place to head out to for dessert with the family.
5	Love Love Love this place! I love the hours! I love the candy bar!
5	This is my new favorite place for dessert. I normally am not a dessert person, but i'm hooked on this place. This is the low down. First, you pick your cup small, medium, or large. You can even pick a waffle cone at no extra charge. They have several different frozen yogurt flavors. Even a no sugar added flavor! Bonus for me! You can add as much or as little yogurt in your cup as you desire. Make sure you leave room though because next comes ALL the toppings at the topping bar! They have so many chooses! Everything from fruit, mochi, brownie bites, cereal and even animal crackers. They also have any kind of sauce you could want. Chocolate sauce , strawberry sauce and even agave sauce. Take your pick! Now you step up to the scale and weight your yogurt. You pay by the weight. For my husband and I it's usually around $11. If you want to stay and eat your frozen yogurt there they have plenty of seating and even a little arcade for the kids. If you feel like some fresh air they have benches outside. The staff is always friendly and helpful. If you feel like splurging on dessert hit up this place! Mmmm so tasty! Wish I had some right now!
4	This place is smaller than other nearby frozen yogurt places, but still delicious! They have a good variety of flavors and toppings.  One unique thing I love about them is they have melted white chocolate for a topping. However, the employees seemed a little oblivious and slow when I was there. It would be nice if they had a water fountain.
5	Dole pineapple fro-yo!  This is a cool, local joint that satisfies my cravings.  In the past, I have only been able to get the authentic "dole whip" from Disneyland or Hawaii, but this version suffices.  I like keeping my toppings simple. I could eat it plain, but chose to top mine with pineapples and strawberries.There are plenty of other flavor options and toppings that are similar to other fro-yo establishments.  The overall place inside is clean and bright.  There is a nice outdoor space as well.  Another plus is that that they offer waffle cones for no additional cost!  I would love to make a dessert flavored combo with the waffle cone, such as cake  batter or cheesecake fro-yo.  Lastly, customer service was friendly :)
5	Came here for a late night dessert. The set up is just like any other fro-yo place. Cup, yogurt, toppings. The reason this particular one stands out for me is that they offer waffle cups... At no extra charge! I opted out since I was already full but it's nice to know that it's available, and for free. Frozen yogurt and topping selections are great. They have popping boba and lots of syrups to pour over your froyo. Definitely a plus in my book :)
4	Great place to hit up if you want some fro yo!  Pretty standard yogurt flavors when it comes to frozen yogurt places but everything was still good.
2	Usually one of my favorite places to go, but they appeared to have a new girl working and she  didn't make the snow cones as well as I remembered.  Gave one of the snow cones to my daughter and the first thing out of her mouth was "where's the flavor". When I got halfway down in mine, there was literally no flavor coloring at all.  She did fix it but still. Hopefully this is a one time thing and not a start of something.
5	Omg we drove all the way from the southwest just for their Dole Pineapple Fro-Yo. O.M.G. Soooo frickin good! Very similar to the one at Disneyland only it's Fro-Yo and not the same texture as Disney but CLOSE ENUF ! And soooooo good! Forgot my pineapple juice to make it a float, but it was like Disney & Hawaij all over again! My daughter loves the New York Cheesecake which was also delish!!! Definitely going back every other day for this! GIMME MY PUNCHCARD! (I said)
4	I like this place although I wish they had more flavors to taste and try out. They are the closest frozen yogurt place on my side of town and they're open until 10pm during weekdays, & 11pm during weekends. They have plenty of toppings to place on top of your yogurt such as mochi, strawberries, chocolate chips, sprinkles, & more. They have a few arcade games in the back such as donkey kong, plus they're FREE to play. It's a perfect place to hangout for a bit with family and friends.
5	Love love love this place. I have yet to try the shave ice and soft serve. But when it comes to the dole pineapple flavor oh man it's so good. I love this place after a hot day. I see me spending a lot of time here this summer. It looks like it's going to be a hot one this year!!!!!!
5	Visited on a Saturday afternoon (06/21/14). Purchased 2 small cups for me and my 3 year old. Plenty of flavors available (NY-style cheesecake, Dutch chocolate, FF chocolate, cake batter, Dole pineapple, strawberry, sugar-free vanilla, and tons more). Plenty of topping options to choose from. Seating indoors and outdoors (with shade!!). Exceptionally clean!! All the fruit looked fresh and the topping bar was spotless. Will definitely be returning and grabbing a cup of that Dole pineapple.......mmmm........
5	Where do I begin? Since moving from NY and Red Mango closing I have been hard pressed to find a fro-yo spot. Until now!It is a slight drive compared to the mediocre yogurtland but who cares?! There is plenty of parking and a nice little patio to enjoy your treat outside. The inside is where the fun is though. The wife and I went to town on the samples. Each flavor tasted as advertised and I was not disappointed. Of course I am predictable and went with my favorites Peanut butter and coconut but the Mrs. chose the Dole pineapple and strawberry. Delcious and refreshing!They have plenty of seats inside as well. You just can't go wrong. Finally! I have found my spot.
5	This is a great place to come when it's a hot summer day. Air-conditioned with plenty of room to sit and chill out, play area for little ones, free arcade in back for older kids, tv with movies playing all the time and some of the best frozen yogurt around. Prices are great and staff is friendly. I love that they always have coconut and pineapple and I also really love the Dutch chocolate and French vanilla combo with butterfinger topping. They have a great tipping selection as well. Make sure to get a punch card too so you can get money off after so many purchases. Highly recommended!
4	WHAT'S WITH THE FRO YO?Due to the overwhelming check ins of several un-named Yelpers I had no choice but to bookmark this place and go there eventually. Well, on a hot triple digit afternoon I decided to take the fam after telling them that these guys have the Dole Pineapple Whip. As soon as they heard that they couldnt get here fast enough.After about some lengthy driving......we finally make it! I was thinking were going to Boulder City after a while for it was literally only a couple more miles up the freeway. The last time we had Dole Pineapple Whip was at a stand inside Disneyland just in front of the Enchanted Tiki Room. This fro you they have here tastes just like it. Now if they would only sell pineapple juice and pineapple spears.......Just like any other fro yo place, they have all sorts of toppings at your disposal. One thing I noticed that stood out was that you can get a layer of waffle cone for your cup. Whatever you decide, you pay for total weight in ounces. After getting 3 nice sized cups, the bill came out to about 15 bucks. I would say that's about average.I like the ambience of the place. Looks like place you can hang out and shoot the breeze with your friends while having some fro yo. For those old school video gamers, they actually have a some upright video games in the back called the family room. No quarters needed. Just hit start and off you go! They have Pac Man and Donkey Kong! The other upright one was a mix of about 10 old school games as well but you gotta play it on a really tiny screen. The only thing that was a downer was that the joystick for the Pac Man game was not working correctly meaning that whatever direction you want your Pac Man to go, didnt always went that way. Yeah, I hate it whenever my joystick goes in different directions. Just ask my wife. Lol. Oh well, its free so no complaints right?Overall, its not a bad place to hang out. I just dont wanna drive all the way across town and virtually into Boulder City for some fro yo unless I or my wife was really craving it. Btw, they dont take American Express.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #155 "Pineapple fro yo ftw!"
5	This fro-yo is AWESOME!!! The pineapple flavor was AMAZING & the customer service was WONDERFUL!!! I HIGHLY recommend this place!
4	Amaaaaaaaazing!
5	I really like this place they have 12 flavors of frozen yogurt lots of toppings and the price is right. Very nice girls working there especially Kat and Asia, they are always friendly and they keep it nice and clean. My favorite flavors are orange and Dutch chocolate mixed.
4	My son and I love this place! It is located walking distance from us which is great. Also, they usually have some pretty good flavors available although they do rotate them often I've noticed. The toppings are always fresh and the display is always very clean. There is a really cool game room in the back that my son and I love to play at, and they always have a cute movie playing in the lobby area. Overall a nice place to grab a quick cold refresher.
5	I will be honest and say I'm not a huge fro-yo fan, however the hubby is which is why I'm here so often. They have a great selection of flavors and their Dole Pineapple is every bit of deliciousness you expect it to be. Their coconut and plain are also very good. Oh and how could I forgot their chocolate tastes just like a Wendy's frosty and I like to believe this version is better for me. My favorite combination is pineapple on the bottom then 1/2 coconut 1/2chocolate on top. Try them you won't be disappointed.
4	This is a great frozen yogurt bar on my side of town! I don't have to drive too far to get my yogurt fix. Thankful for this because living out here it usually takes about 20 minutes to get somewhere. They have a bunch of different flavors and toppings to choose from. It's truly a frozen yogurt bar!
5	What can I say they have Dole Whip the only place that I know of you can get it here in town without paying to get in. Great prices and selection me and my wife are now hooked and try to come once a week
