5	I went last night to their opening/sake tasting, and had a bite to eat. One thing I know I can say confidently is the neighborhood is immediately different. It was no longer the quiet, vagrant ridden neighborhood that it was even last week. It gave it a certain vibe, and the impact was immediate.It's too bad Johnny couldn't have got a bigger space. Much like Fate, the confusion starts when you come in the door with a small space for the hostess, and a DJ booth which you have to squeeze on by. The restaurant cant have more than 10 tables, along with a bar, open kitchen, and a somewhat odd seating space for the bar that is totally hidden from the restaurant. A lot is the same as fate, from the music, to the size and space, and the colors. The difference is the food, which will probably appeal to a broader range of people at this restaurant compared to Fate. The small plates are not really generous in size, but are great if you want to snack or nosh while you drink. Sure, you can have dinner here, but be prepared to really shell out. As I said in my District review, I think the floodgates are opening to hip and happening restaurants, thanks in part to Sens, the newest addition.
4	I have this horrible affliction where I have to go to new restaurants when they open, I'm  very impatient. And I do this even though I know that newly opened restaurants inevitably have kinks to be worked out. I have been walking by Sens for months now and I've watched them put it together piece by piece and have been waiting for it to open. And what do you know, it opens the night of the Yelp party. Since I couldn't go to the opening, my husband and I decided to go on the second night. In reality this turned out much better because it was intimate and we were able to take a nice leisurely pace with the meal. Even the servers were saying it was better we came in when we did rather than for the opening since it was crazy and nobody really knew what was going on. I'm giving Sens 4 stars because yes, there are kinks to be worked out. I know that I will be there often given its proximity to my place and I fully anticipate giving it that 5th star once said kinks have been worked out. The Space- Think Asian diner/lounge. Yes, it is small, and the tables for two are not large enough to fit more than one plate at a time (slightly problematic for a place that serves small plates). There is a small lounge area off to the side which would make a really nice space for a semi private party. (They do take reservations, just call ahead). The bar and bar seating are definitely right in the main dining room. The Drinks- They sure know how to appeal to customers. We were offered complimentary shots of their infused drinks of blood orange sake (pass), pineapple sake (good), and lychee shochu (very good). My husband ordered a spicy mama, which had Thai chili infused shochu. My husband adores spicy drinks and this one really made him happy... reminded him exactly of the Thai chili martini that he gets at our favorite Thai place of all time in our hometown. The Food- There is nothing subtle about the food. Flavor is strong and very present. We chose four small plates, as we do in all small plate/tapas restaurants. We find four is always the perfect number. The first dish that arrived at the table was the clay pot lemongrass clams, which I would pass on in the future. The second dish was the volcano flamed beef which I would have to say was the best dish that we ordered, mainly because the flavors were the most subtle here- a little bit of peanut, a dash of mint. We did have 4 strips of steak and 2 lettuce wraps though, putting 2 strips of steak into one wrap was a bit much for me. The third dish was the seseme tofu which was very well cooked. Finally we finished with the ginger fish. When fish is cooked in a banana leaf it should absorb all the flavor from the cooking method, there was no reason for heaps of ginger to be placed on top of the fish. It was incredibly overwhelming. Our side of soba noodles were standard, even if they were delivered to our table after all of the other plates had arrived. They do not offer dessert so don't plan on having it there. The Service- All the servers were very friendly and engaging. They did feel the need to tell us how to eat every dish we ordered which I found annoying. I know there are a lot of people out there who have no clue but its best to ask us if we know how to cook our meat on the hot rock (sort of shabu shabu style). All in all I can see myself here often. The price is just right- the four small plates were more than enough to satisfy my husband and I for dinner and they came to $32 total. They do have kinks to be worked out and the food is not the best I've had but I am positive it will be part of our regular rotation.
3	We went on opening night with Natalie G. and the recently banned Graham C. I think had we gone earlier in the evening, we would have had a much better time.  We arrived around 7:15, having RSVPd the day before by email and were told it would be about 30 minutes for a table.  Cool.So we went to the bar to have some cocktails - which were both delicious and reasonably priced.  After about an hour we checked back with the hostess who said it would be another 30-40 minutes before our table would be ready. Uggh.A couple things that would have helped the evening...1.  If you only have 10 tables in your restaurant, let your patrons order food at the bar (which was apparently not allowed).2.  There was an area behind the Saki tasting areas that could have easily have fit two tables... completely wasted space.3.  There is a side area, outside, that could seat a lot of people.  I'm not sure if that is still their property or not -- but it's AZ.  Outdoor seating is a no brainer if they can make it work.4.  If it's going to be a 2 hour wait, don't say it will only be 30 minutes.Service was also a little lacking.  We ordered a vodka tonic ($6) and our waiter brought us vodka martinis ($10)?  One of our orders also came out wrong.  With such a  small number of tables, even with opening night, they could have been more efficient.The food, however, was great -- and again, probably would have been more enjoyable had our stomachs not shrunk to the size of a pea waiting 2 hours for a table ;-)
3	I wanted to try Sens more than once before I reviewed it, and now I have, so I feel just in my timing. Aesthetically, I enjoy Sens. It's small but it's out of the way, so that's fine. I have the same chairs, in bar chair form. The food, I have to say, is ridiculously amazing. So far I have tried the special spring rolls, citron tofu and .. crap, I cannot remember the other one... wasabi tofu? Well, its so good I ordered seconds.I had a glass of wine once, which was fine. You can't mess that up. I tried the Saigon Martini last night. It wasn't very good. Evidentally the hot and dirty martini is the way to go, but it made me want to hurl. The only reason I do not give Sens a 4 is because of the service. The first time I went the service was just not good. It was significantly better last night, but when I asked for a drink suggestion the waiter could not provide one. There is nothing terrible about Sens, but IMO the food is exceptional. I will be back, and I hope that by that time they have fixed their service glitches. Oh, I have become quite fond of the bathroom..
5	This place is fantastic, the food is delicious, and the atmosphere makes it all work.  Food was light and this is not your hearty portion restaurant.  The Prawns were great as well as the Volcano rock was a good touch.  The real appeal to this place for me was the drink list.  We had 2 different types of Sake which were both great.  Hitachino and the "33" beers were both good and the hot and dirty martini was more than worth the mile walk before the Sun's game.  The wait staff was very friendly and offered the above great selections.
4	Had dinner at Sens last night, and enjoyed the experience. I live just a few blocks away and rode my bike there. Unable to find a good place to lock my bike the owner showed me a covered area between the restaurant and the adjacent building and told us he was currently building a bike rack, thus I was impressed with the service even before I sat down. Like other reviews I too enjoyed the drink menu and tasted a couple of different sakes that my girlfriend and I enjoyed. The food will not knock your socks off, but it is good and warrants a return trip. It's a nice new vibrant eatery in a downtown that desparately needs a few more places for those that live there.
5	Woo Hoo, another fantastic downtown dining spot. I have always loved Fate (Johnny Chu's other downtown joint) but Sens rocks it hard. brilliant food, and superb drinks.The food is referred to as Asian Tapas. exactly what it is. Small portions, ridiculously big on flavor.The Miso soup was the best I have ever experienced. Chock full o' mushrooms, and other delights.the salad special of banana sprouts and other items I can't quite recall. Perhaps the flavor euphoria has drained some of my memory.I'm not big on long-winded reviews, so try it, then sit back and listen to your inner contented self... you will say yum too.
3	Asian Tapas sounded intriguing enough when we read the signs out front.  I am not a Johnny Chu fan but will always give a downtown place a chance.  Sens, just like Fate, let me down greatly though.Walking in, you get a sens (see what I did there) of how pretentious this place is trying to be.  The exclusive window seat room was enough to make me roll my eyes but the massive amount of standing room by the bar is what really tipped me off.  We were ignored for the better part of five minutes while the waitress folded napkins before she decided to seat us.  Once we were seated, we were ignored again.  As a group of 4 that visits other tapas places, we figured that most of the meals came in small portions divided into quarters.  What we realized, $40 into our meal, was that most were divided into half and, at that, it would take more than a baby chicken wing to satisfy my appetite.  We gave up at that point and left for Hanny's.The good was that the food was quite tasty.  Everything was very fresh and you could watch the chef prepare it all.  Flavor and seasonings were perfect with nothing being too sweet or spicy.  Chu can cook, without a doubt.The bad was that he brought those stupid baby bottles of soda from Fate with him.  I hate those things.  If you are going to give me 8oz of soda, you shouldn't charge me $3.  I'm okay being raped for soda as long as I am given free refills.  I know it costs you about a penny to fill up a 32oz cup (that is 1/2 full of ice) and it would take a lot of refills to dent your profit margin...so stop selling me your glass "screw the environment" bottle of soda that I am going to polish off in one gulp for $3.  The other bad was the service and the price.  Our waitress was inattentive and unhelpful.  The price was far more than I was willing to pay to still be hungry at the end of the night.
2	I went here because my friend was bartending there for a while. It's really not my type of place aesthetically, but the bar was nice and not very crowded. The specialty martinis were excellent, expensive, but worth it. I would avoid the appetizers though, they were tiny portions and insanely over priced.
5	Cant say enough good things about Sens. Excellent food and excellent service.
4	This is what I'm talking about! Good job to Johnny Chu and friends. It's like going to fate and ordering a tasting menu. The new spot isn't in the bad ass renovated bungalow, but still works. Try the infused soju!!! After a few of those you wouldn't care if you were in a dumpster. Or, maybe you would actually. I digress, Sens is where downtown restaurants are heading. Cool, relaxed yet smart, and original. Won't be long now until people stop looking at passe Scottsdale as the the spot for cutting edge restaurants.
4	We tried this place on Christmas Eve. The atmosphere was relaxed with low lighting and trendy decor. I love the big Buddha at the front. There are tables for 2, 4, and long tables for larger parties. There is also space to sit at the bar. The hostess (also our server for the night) was cheerful and very helpful. The tapas (small-plates) format is really fun for trying lots of things and sharing with your date or a group of friends. The best thing we had was the Tofu Curry. It was amazing!! Everything else was very good, but do yourself a favor and have the tofu curry come out last. We ordered something after that and were disappointed because the curry was so good! The drink menu is extensive as well, featuring infused vodkas made in-house. Alas, I was sick, so I didn't have anything to drink :( This place is located very close to Roosevelt and the art scene. This would be a great place to start your First Friday Art Walk. I'll definitely be back to try more dishes!
5	Worried about the decline at Fate? Worry no more. Johnny has opened Sens just down the street from Matt's Big B and in the same building as the future PastaBar.This is everything that Fate hinted at with its wonderful small dish appetizers. But with more playfulness, higher quality ingredients and fantastic execution.Sens is, I guess, Asian-Fusion tapas. It's meant for sharing, then ordering more of what you like the best. Those decisions are not always easy. The regular menu is pretty extensive, and there are exciting specials, like steamed, then flash fried salt&pepper cornish game hens. Yum.Regular items that are a must try: - rich miso soup that you can add clams and other options to   - soup gyoza: there's soup inside the wonton skin, along with the meat filling. amazing. - red curry chicken wings: figure it out - anything with his fried tofu wedges is a HIT - lime-mint beef: lovers of thai will dig his spin on this - ginger fish in banana leaf: succulent, clean and flakyAnd a full bar and creative owner mean excellent frou frou drinks. But these frou frou's will kick your ass. The Pink Ginger Martini disturbs me just a little because my mom's name is Ginger. But not enough to keep me from downing a couple each time. POW.I hate to say it, but this place should be packed, and I'm afraid it will be soon. So we're gonna soak it up all we can in meantime.
5	You know how sometimes you just have a perfect meal? One that you wouldn't change any part of, and that leaves you with a goofy little satisfied grin? I just had one of those. Thanks, Chef Chu. The atmosphere of the place is very sleek without being uppity. It's a little dark, so if you have trouble seeing in low light, be warned. It's a comfortable spot, but I imagine that it gets pretty packed on the weekends. The drink menu is overwhelming- multiple pages each of sake, vodkas, martinis, and a small wine list. I don't know enough about sake to know what the heck anything is, but I do know a good martini when I see one. The Pink Ginger was the perfect blend of cranberry, ginger infused vodka, muddled ginger, and lime. It wasn't  nearly as sweet as it sounds, and it went down almost too easily. Watching Tim order the Spicy Mama with a straight face was amusing, but unfortunately the Thai chili infused vodka lacked the burn he was going for. We ordered Citron Tofu, Red Curry Chicken wings, ginger fish, Thai basil clams, and the sugar cane pork. Tofu- 5 stars. One of my favorite things about Chu's previous restaurant, Fate, was the tofu. He does it right and like no one else. Curry chicken wings- 5 stars. I love Thai curry, and these were a great interpretation of an American favorite. Yum. Ginger Fish- I'd give this one ten stars if I could. It was by far my favorite part of the meal. The fish was cooked to perfection, and the dipping sauce was full of flavor and the perfect amount of spice. I have no idea what was in the sauce, but I loved it. Clams- I didn't like the clams at all, but Tim thought they were brilliant. Having never had clams before, I was put off more by the gritty texture than the taste. The broth that they clams are served in is quite tasty with a pleasant burn. Sugar Cane pork- 4 stars. Ground pork wrapped around sugar cane, deep fried, and served with a pineapple ginger sauce. Tasty, but quite rich. I think I'd only order this one again if there were more than two people sharing it, because one piece is enough. (An order is 4 pieces) All in all, a great meal. Sens definitely isn't an every day eat-out spot, as it can get expensive pretty fast, but it's one for regular rotation.
5	Ditto what Corianne S. said. After all, we went together and had the same things and were in love with the food.Basically, I would eat whatever Johnny Chu put in front of me. The man is a genius and I have been following him around since the Lucky Dragon. Ok, so I only ate their once, but I remember how good the food was (years later) and Fate was absolutely amazing.Johnny Chu, we love you. Yeah, I know. Sounds like a man crush, but when a guy can cook like that you can't help yourself.
4	Holy shit, Phoenix FINALLY has late night dining options! I stopped here on a Tuesday night after a few beers at the Roosevelt with high hopes. I've eaten at Fate bunches of times and have never been disappointed, so I had a good idea Johnny Chu would come through this time, too.Come through he did. The menu, tapas style, was nothing short of delectable. Plenty of small, reasonably-priced items perfect for sharing. While I can't remember what I had (always happens to me in asian food places) I know that it was great and I wanted more.The real surprise was the sake, which I've never had outside of a bomber before. Who knew it was good on its own? While the bottles were kinda pricey, they were worth it.$50 for the two of us might have been a little much, but I'd go again. And again.
3	The food was pretty tasty, but it's definitely got a little bit of the "over the top" not quite "authentic" feel to it. Everything seemed just a little too commercialized to me which is why I gave it a 3 instead of a 4.Their Sake menu is reason enough to go back, but be prepared to spend a little. It is a tapas only, we ordered 6 tapas between two of us just to feel satisfied. The cheapest tapas on their menu are about 4 or 5 bucks, but there's only 2 or 3 things that are that cheap, and I think they were mostly the vegetarian tapas. Most of the tapas seemed to average out at about 7 bucks. So with sake and tip, you probably average out at about $40 a person. I would definitely suggest getting a side of rice to help fill your belly.They did an awesome job of atmosphere in the restaurant, and Johnny Chu came out several times to make sure we were enjoying our food. They also had a D.J. who did a great job of choosing GOOD music to play while we ate.  I'm just not sure that the timing was right for them, not very many people in downtown are quite ready for a place like this on a regular basis. Sadly, we were the only 2 people in the restaurant for about half of our meal at about 7:30 on a Friday night.
1	Sorry, have to vent on this one. I loved Fate for years (now closed) but my first ever Prima Donna Chef moment during my first visit to Sens means its sadly a no go from now on. A dish arrived sprinkled with chopped peanuts, which I'm highly allergic to (very common allergy). I gave it to my friend, but the server nicely offered to have it remade without, so we said sure, thanks. She came back a few moments later to say the chef refused to make it without. It was pretty much a big cold smack in the face and ruined the night. But the worst part was, my serious suggestion to make sure they noted the dish had peanuts in the menu BECAUSE ITS REALLY DANGEROUS AND COULD KILL SOMEONE was totally brushed off. Chopped peanuts look like chopped garlic or onion..I've been burned before with 12 hours of pure hell afterward. Anyway, probably not of interest to most diners, but for us it was a very negative experience, never to be repeated.
5	I love sens a five star now. I would say that there was a complete turnaround in 2.5 months. Service issues are fixed, they pour a mean vodka tonic, the wasabi tofu has maintained its amazing tastiness and I really like the location.Now if only I could get someone to make sweet sweet love to me in the bathroom.
4	They're starting entrees and will start lunches soon. We had several superb tapas; the entree was excellent, as was the organic sake. My only quibble would be the quail tapas - but then again I've never been a particular fan of Peking Duck - it needs the hoisin sauce to be decent. Service is excellent.
4	It only took 1 suggestion, to make out with Sens. Yup, Im THAT easy.The tapas was good shit and their sake list was ridiculously long (thats what she said). Argh!! I still felt hungry after the Volcano thingie and Wontons though. I should have left a personal item on purpose just so I would have to go back and see Sens again.Its a good spot to take a date, drink sake and make out with them in the bathroom.
5	Bliss, Delight, Contentment... words to describe our evening Monday night at Sens. I could go into a very fluffy review, but, with a nod to the simple zen-like restaurant, I will only address and highlight. ~Spa Like atmosphere - welcomed and enjoyed.~Attentive, but not aggressive server...great attitude! ~The Bar Menu I expect to see if I go to heaven. ~Homemade infused alcohol.. finally in Phoenix! ~Open kitchen, I was able to watch the chef CRAFT my meal. All items served "tapas" style... great opportunity to try many items! Food is prepared and served to allow the diner to choose the experience... either enjoy the food natural, or enhance with dipping sauces. These are not the heavy, sticky sauces of Pei Wei fame. ~Mango Spring roll.. light, fresh items in rice paper 2 rolls sliced ~Soup Gyoza, 4 little light dumplings filled with pork and a delicate broth..divine! ~Volcano Beef sear your own tender beef strips (5) on the hot stone, then wrap it up in a lettuce leaf with herbs and peanuts,... try a dip of the accompanying sauce...ecstasy, prepare to order 2 they're so good! ~Panko Shrimp - liken to little shrimp "hushpuppys".. very good, but not the highlight of the evening.. Mr Chu could improve upon these in my opinion. ~ Red Thai Curry - 4 unique, yummy curry / coconut milk dipped wings perched on a Asian "slaw" ~Spicy Wontons - Americans will love these.. familiar flavors, with wonderful dipping sauces. No-one in our party was disappointed... everyone was very pleased and anxious to return.  ** Personal Suggestion *** Have a food allergy ?? .. Use common sense when dining. Take personal responsibility and ask questions of your server BEFORE ordering.
4	So......... I'm pretty sure the bartender was wasted.Other than that I really enjoyed my experience here. The food was awesome and the drinks were strong. Any place with infused vodka(s) is alright in my book by default. It's just that I'm about 96.3% sure that the bartender was wayyysted. It was distracting. It seemed like the more we drank, the more fucked up she became (not to mention she kept "excusing herself for a moment" ahem..... ) sniff sniff?? one never knows..Anyway, everyone blowing Chu reminds me a lot of everyone blowing Bianco, which is a little annoying, but I do get it. He is an amazing chef and a very nice guy. I'm dying to go back on a night when I can really spend some time and try everything on the menu. Yes, everything... small plates people and this girl can put it down. One last thing.... after reading the last hand full of reviews, I don't recommend touching ANYTHING in that bathroom.I kidI kid
4	Yum.  Better yet, fun, reasonably-priced yum.We sat at a community table up front and met a couple of nice folks who were thrilled with their dinner.  Our sake, the recommendation of our server, was delicious.  And the "asian tapas" as I believe Sens calls them, were so good that we had trouble stopping ordering them.We got steak on a rock, wasabi tofu, pork and shrimp dumplings, panko shrimp, and a few others.  Everything tasted fresh and distinct--I don't remember specifics as it's been a month or so, but I recall repeated flavor explosions.Service was fun.  Johnny stopped by to say hi, and was humble and cool as always.  The DJ played some grooves I hadn't heard before, and the overall vibe was festive.  We'll be back for sure.
2	I am going to preface the review with the admission that I was there on a First Friday night at 10:15pm but I think the complaints are still valid, regardless of how busy of a night it was.We placed our names and were told that it would take 20-25 minutes for a table, and if we wished we could get drinks at the bar while we waited.  Great idea.  Except it took 10 minutes to get a drink.  After about 30 minutes I noticed that the small, red side room was empty of the people that had been eating there and the tables had been sitting open and uncleaned for about 10 minutes.  45 minutes after we had placed our name we were seated.The food was also nothing special, at least from what we ordered.  Sugar cane pork, marinated in lime tasted fine but nowhere did the menu explain that the pork would be ground and fried.  Our second order was the Panko Shrimp.  Again, I would have liked for the menu to have said that these were basically deep fried balls of panko with a little ground shrimp.  My expectation was whole shrimp breaded in panko.  I also tried the Tofu and the Spicy Wontons, with the Tofu being the best thing of the bunch.  Its possible the items we ordered were not the strongest on the menu, but I was left pretty unimpressed.  Throw in the 45 minute wait and I left pretty disappointed.The decor is nice though and the DJ played a few good tracks.
3	OK, so I sort of promised Amber W that I wouldn't give Sens a bad review after a dining experience this weekend. 3 stars isn't bad, but it's not good either. First off, I have been here 4 times now and figure that is enough to judge. The place is cool, I will give it that. A new, hip downtown Asian tapas place. It's a small menu in an even smaller venue, but a place to be seen. The have a good beer selection and have my new favorite, a Japanese White Ale. It is really tasty. Dally enjoys the Hot n Dirty, which is a dirty martini with chili infused vodka. Lets just say it is an acquired taste. On this particular night they were able to accommodate a party of about 15 of us. That was great, it being such a small place. Here is where it goes south. We order. Our lovely waitress Morgan is kind enough to split everyones bill. I ordered some sort of sugar cane pork. I got it 1.5 hours later! Other diners food came out randomly, if at all. It was OK, but I am not really sure that is what it even was though. The other time I had food there it was a shrimp and pork dumpling which was very bland. The one thing I have had which is good are the fried wontons. Thanks Georgie! Overall it is a cool place. Take a date there who has never experienced downtown and it will impress her or him. Whichever. 3 stars for now. I will have to go back and give them another shot.
4	All in all, I found dinner at Sens to be a really enjoyable experience. Coming from the Bay Area, where "modern Asian," "Asian fusion," and "Asian tapas" places are a dime a dozen, it's hard not to compare Sens to the many great places that have mastered the whole upscale pan-Asian thing. That being said, I think Sens has three goings for it that many small plates places I've been to do not:1. Value. While Phoenicians might think that Sens is expensive for how much food you ultimately get, the prices are actually quite low compared to a lot of Asian tapas places I've been. Four of us each paid around $175 for a full meal (which, for us big eaters, consisted of 8-10 dishes) and drinks. To put things in perspective, diners at the "modern Vietnamese" place where I used to work would drop that much between two people to truly be full and get a taste of everything. 2. Great drinks. A lot of upscale Asian places offer fun-sounding drinks but they tend to be some sort of syrupy tropical fluff rather than well-executed cocktails that really complement the food. Not so at Sens. The strawberry basil martini I got was well-sized, strong (in terms of the vodka), and had enough sweetness to balance the food (but wasn't too saccharin). My friend's and my husbands got some spicy drinks (called "Hot Mama" and some other similarly titillating name), which seemed like an unwise move given the fact that our food was already spicy, but the drinks themselves were awesome. Definitely better than the grotesque Pad Thai martini at Sens' sister restaurant, Fate. 3. Relative uniqueness. Nothing like Sens exists in downtown Phoenix, let alone in a 15-mile radius around it. That makes it cool--at least for now. In 5 years, I can imagine Phoenix being filled with upscale Asian places with specialty drinks, small plates to share, and zen-like decor. At that point, Sens will have to reinvent itself to survive. But for now, it stands alone and that's worth a shout-out. Anyone who knows me knows that I won't end a restaurant review without discussing the food at least briefly. Sens has good food, but some of the flavors just feel like a forced attempt to make something taste "Asian." The cold duck in five-spice sauce and the dipping sauces for the tofu dishes (although I loved the tofu) were just a bit sugary for my taste--more reminiscent of Americanized Chinese than more authentic cuisine. In the end, the dishes I enjoyed the most were the ones that blended something unexpected with an Asian flavor--the perfect example was the red curry chicken wings. What could be better than greasy fried wings coated in a zesty and spicy curry sauce? The sugar cane pork was also a unique dish that combined chop-like pieces of pork with an unexpected stroke of sweetness. I truly appreciate what Sens brings to the table figuratively and almost all of what it brings to the table in the literal sense. I'm sure I will back many times for drinks and bites with good friends.
5	Wow. What a great night. My wife and I went there for our anniversary (we are in our late 20s if that makes a difference). The place is cool on the inside and the music is amazing: radiohead, orbital, my morning jacket, cinematic orchestra, mum; I think I heard some aphex twin for gods sake. Anyway, onto the food and drink. Small, but good beer selection. They had a couple japanese beers that you don't see often (Hitachino White and Weizen). We also asked our waitress for a sake recommendation and were very happy with it.  We ordered the mint duck salad, which was extremely tasty. We got 2 specials: a curried fish (the "Oh my god" moment of the night was biting into a piece of fish), and an egg roll special. Finished it off with the Citron tofu. It was more than enough food for two people and reasonably priced for the quality. We were very happy with the pace of service, meaning we got to set the pace of service. The exec chef Johnny came out a couple times to see how we were enjoying things, and gave us a complimentary dessert because I happened to mention the special occasion (strawberry wontons, holy crap). We will definitely got back, and with friends.
4	Love it.  Johnny Chu has a fantastic little spot here in cenpho.  The food was fantastic, reasonably priced for small plates and the sake selection is THE BEST in town.  You'll spend a pretty penny on the best sake but its well worth it to pair with some terrific eats.Get the Yakitori shrimp with head on.  Eat the heads, the shells everything.  Food does not get any better than this.  These delicious skewers are sweet and crunchy and you have to eat everything to get the full delicious flavor.  Can't eat the head?  What are you doing in an asian restaurant?  Eat some Tofu then, Johnny has some great vegetarian options too.Midway through our meal our server (terrific service!) offered some housemade lychee shochu shots.  Thank you, they were fabulous!Another favorite was the soup dumplings.  These were so good I wanted another serving right away, but it'll have to wait for next time.I think we ate about 10 plates here and every one of them was different, delicious and top notch in presentation, flavor and construction.  The final desert were two homemade jam filled fried empenadas...well, definitely not an empenada, but so delicious hot and sweet that they were the perfect end to a terrific meal. Thanks Johnny, your place is a now favorite.  I can't wait to go back!
4	Tasty, tasty, tasty, and great personalized service! A great addition to the PHX food scene.  Anywhere that serves me whole sweet shrimp (head and all) has won my heart - try them, don't be shy!  The soup dumplings were also to die for.  The 7 or 8 other dishes we had were all various degrees of tasty, though the shrimp and soup dumplings stole the show.I was there on a busy Friday night and got great service - in fact the server enthusiastically answered all my "first timer" questions about the menu, their clientele demographics, etc.  She even gave us a complementary shot of lychee shochu (YUM).  Decor is what I call "downtown hip" - looks interesting and feels modern and fortuitously stops short of the ultra-slick commercialized feel. Have you ever read articles about how eating a variety of foods at one meal tricks your stomach into not feeling full as quickly?  Well I believe it here.  Prices are fair though be warned that if start out hungry and like Asian fusion, you could be ordering more food than any one person should be allowed to eat, and shelling out a pretty penny.  I admit my bill was more than I expected, until I reviewed how much I ate!  I cannot believe I was able to heave myself out of the chair.  Next time I'm going to limit my intake to a reasonable amount, and I expect my bill will end up in a more reasonable range as well.
3	I was on my way to another restaurant, but after only a few moments inside, we decided we might be better served by trying Sens.  The restaurant is very cozy, with space for maybe 50 diners.  Our table wobbled, something we solved by shoving extra chopsticks under the base.  It's the hazard of a concrete floor I suppose.  While the decor seemed very relaxing and almost spa-like, the music felt incongruent.  It wasn't exactly Top 40s, but it was a bit more upbeat and I think some of the more calm music out of Asia might have been more appropriate.  We were seated relatively quickly (too many cushions on that couch!) and were asked for our drink order.  My dinner companion just wanted water, but I typically take hot green tea when I'm in an asian establishment.  The waitress seemed confused by my request and said "We have two kinds, Oolong and Jasmine".  I asked for Jasmine and she walked off to go get it.  What she brought back was...interesting.  It had nothing to do with green tea, or any actual tea that I know of.  There was just a single blossom of what I can only assume is jasmine, sitting in the hot water.  Very pretty, but I was less than impressed with parts of it started clogging the spout, making it difficult to pour.  The tea was delicious, but it was a floral tea.  I was hoping for actual tea.  Jasmine can be used as an additional component of green tea, but this was just a blossom of Jasmine.We ordered the cold duck, beef carpaccio, mango and papaya salad with shrimp, napa wraps, and pork gyoza.The duck was very good.  The Five Spice sauce was well-balanced.  The duck was good, if a little overcooked, which a night in the fridge only made the texture more like cold liver.  Still, I did enjoy it.Next up was the beef carpaccio; doused with lime juice and mint chiffonade, served on prawn crackers.  The crackers were a bit too delicate for their cargo, but my real complaint was the dish.  All I could taste was mint with lime.  I really had to fight to identify the beef.Then we had the salad.  I was hoping for a pleasantly sweet and mildly savory dish.  What we got looked very nice on the plate, but both me and my companion simply could not deal with the abundance of pickled ginger.  It was so powerful, I couldn't taste anything else.  I couldn't even find anything that looked like fruit.  There were long strings of what might have been papaya, if it had been allowed to ripen.  Under the ginger fire, all I could really identify was that it could have been carrot.  Four shrimp were served along side; the most perfectly cooked shrimp I have had in quite some time.  The napa wraps were simple enough; mushrooms and more of that perfect shrimp rolled up in a cabbage leaf and steamed.  We were unable to determine the best way to eat them, as they were bigger than an amuse bouche, but with only chopsticks, we had to deal and open wide.  The mechanics of eating were tricky, but the dish itself gave us more shrimp and I had no complaints.The final course they brought was the pork gyoza.  I've had enough of these to expect a loose-pack pork and ginger sausage with a steamed or fried (sometimes both) wonton wrap.  These were the steamed kind, but the treasure they held inside was phenomenal.  I wanted more, but we had to leave.This was my first asian tapas experience. Perhaps some of my criticism comes from my french culinary upbringing.  I will definitely be going here again, if only for more shrimp and gyoza.  Probably when my lips stop burning from the pickled ginger.
4	I went to Sens for lunch with a friend and it was a great experience. The owner was the one actually doing the cooking. I had the duck breast salad which was duck breast, cabbage, and among other things, peanuts and lime juice, and it was super good. My friend had the dynamite stir fry with tofu and it also came out well. When I was there I saw they had flavored vodkas made in-house, with flavors like lemon grass so I can't wait to go and try it in the evening. The best part, you can walk to it from the Roosevelt and Central light rail stop so you can enjoy without having to worry about getting a DUI if you live near another light rail station (which I do). Oh, and the decor, nice and funky, reminds me of some places from my trip to Hong Kong. A definite winner in my book and I look forward to going again.
3	I'm not really sure where to start with Sens other than I have to admit that I was disappointed.  I am a HUGE fan of tapas, and after hearing that an Asian tapas place was going to be opening only minutes from my house, I knew I had to go.  We decided to go for my birthday, bringing along a couple of friends.My disappointment comes a lot from the service.  We walked in the door and saw maybe 4 other diners in the place.  We stood for about 5 minutes waiting to be seated.  A bartender and 2 servers ignored this and continued chit chatting and rolling silverware, a task usually designated for times when you have nothing to do.  This was not one of those times.  When we finally got someone to pay attention to us, we were seated and given menus.  The waitress never asked for our drink order, which irritated me.  The menu looked great.  There are lots of options, all of them creative and inspiring, especially when Pei Wei and China Chili are the extent of your Asian culinary knowledge.We ordered a small assortment of dishes to get a well rounded taste of the menu.  We chose the Papaya Mango Springroll, 5 Spiced Chicken Wings, SugarCane Pork, and one more thing, but I can't remember.  Here comes the next disappointment.  These are small bites for 2 people not 4.  I've been to a few Spanish tapas places, and all of them provide enough food for 4 people to taste.  I understand tapas are essentially snacks, and not meals, but please explain to me how I am supposed to split two messy chicken wings among 4 people?  The food, I liked for the most part.  The chicken wings were delicious and tender with a ridiculously tasty spice rub/marinade.  The sugarcane pork was also crazy good.  It was sweet and crispy and really moist.  The spring rolls however I thought were revolting.  They tasted like grass and I could not find any papaya in there.  Oh well, the husband liked them and ate them.  We ended up leaving after being rather unsatisfied, both in our bellies and mouths, and headed over to Hanny's (we were better off staying at Sens.)You know, I didn't really like Sens the first time around, but as I write this review, I think they need another chance.  This time I will go with just my husband.  I suppose this is probably a good place to go as a couple.  If you want to go with larger groups and still want to feed everyone, I suggest Lola Tapas.
3	I went here to celebrate a friend's birthday over the weekend, and while I'm happy to see this sort of place downtown there were some fairly significant minuses. I'll start out with the positives though-the atmosphere is very hip and cool the kind of thing the neighborhood desperately needs. The food is unique and the ingredients seem to be very high quality (the volcano beef cooked on a rock was very well marbled and delicious). The lemongrass dishes, spicy wontons, gyoza-all quite good. The red curry chicken wings were my favorite until.... (And yes, here is where the minuses start) bloody/rare chicken. I mentioned this to one of the servers and it did not seem to even faze them. We also ordered several things that never arrived despite several "It's on the way" uttered by the waitstaff. They were even kind enough to remove them from the bill when we pointed out their absence.I really hope Sens makes it, if they get their act together this place could be legendary-today not so much I'm afraid.
3	I love the idea and concept of this place. The decor and atmosphere is perfect for the concept. The food how ever did not hit it off for me as much as I expected from all the hype about this place and the chef. I'm not knocking on Johnny, I just had a different expectation from the hype. The food was good, just a couple things kind of threw it off for me. I ordered the lime mint beef first, it was very good, the only thing was the beef didn't look like beef. The lighting in there was low so I didn't get a good look but it looked discolored, but it was good. Second we ordered the shu mai, it was ok. It was like any other shu mai I had before. The last thing we had was the spicy wonton, it was very good, the dipping sauces were really good and my only real complaint about this place is this wonton dish. If the would have stuffed more chicken filling in there so we could get more than just a small bit it would be great. All in all, I would recommend this place to people if they were in the DT area for a starting place to get some drinks a a few dishes to start out the night. I'm really interested in their new lunch menu they just started doing. Hope to check this place out for lunch sometime soon.
4	I'm really torn on Sens. Great location. Great atmosphere. Great vibe. I get the idea of Asian tapas, but I felt like such a pig because, even though I snacked before we went, I was still hungry when we left. However, I must say that what we did eat was all very good. I ordered the Soup Gyozo (very tasty) and Thai Basil Clams (spicy goodness!). We also had the Spicy Wonton, which was phenomenal, and a few other items (which aren't coming to mind as I already started celebrating St. Patrick's Day). Their cocktails are inspiring and properly strong. I'll definitely return to Sens, but not on an empty stomach. Sorry, but I'm really a porker at times.
4	Been here a few times now so it's time for the review.  Walked up to the hostess on a Saturday night and she asked if we had reservations, I said "no" because I didn't think this place was like that but then spending some time here it kinda makes sense, or Sens. Haha.So one time ended up getting 6 (maybe a few more but the beers were going down pretty easy that night) different items.  Each one well thought out and fun to eat.  Yes, I said fun. One was cooked by us on a hot rock, and the others made us investigate each tasty bite.Yup, the portions are small, but they're darn good vittles I tell ya.  Oh yeah, and they have a DJ so they get a few extra hipster points.
5	Sens provided the best meal of our trip to Phoenix, by far.  The cocktails were strong and unique, and the food was spectacular.  For a girly drink, the Karma martini was delicious.  For something a little different, the Pink Ginger was unlike anything I've ever tasted.  I had a lemongrass vodka and tonic that would be my standard drink, if they had lemongrass vodka at home.My husband and I sat at the bar for a weeknight dinner, and again for lunch before we boarded the plane home.  Johnny couldn't have been sweeter, cooking us a special soup with rice and shrimp "on the house" and making us dessert for our lunch, even they don't normally do dessert during the day.  About that dessert, a goat cheese stuffed wonton, fried and sprinkled with powdered sugar, on top of a fruit puree.  I wanted to smuggle them onto the plane with me.  I can't tell you how delicious these things were!The tapas that stand out are the soup gyoza (the reason my husband begged to go back for lunch) and the banana leaf fish.  The fish was so smokey and fresh, heavenly.  The sugar cane pork was also tasty and different.  The duck salad was good, with tender duck and an interesting combination of flavors.  The special was vegetable egg rolls, which were okay, but not anything different or special.For lunch, the tapas are very limited, and Johnny serves stir fry and noodles that he described as more standard fare to appeal to business lunches.  We had the Dynamite with chicken-- the chicken was so tender and the veggies were fresh and crisp.  I would try most of the lunch dishes if I worked close to Sens.  Both Johnny and his wife were very nice, and all the servers were helpful, too.  However, I can see what the other reviewer meant about a drunk bartender, as one of the girls kept drinking out of a vodka bottle (on a Monday night!).  Thanks, Johnny, for the great conversation, the stiff drinks and lots of terrific food.
4	I really enjoy the concept of Asian Tapas. Sens is in a nice location, definitely has a hip vibe to the place with the art work and music. We walked in on a Friday night and were sat within 3 minutes. The cocktail menu is very thoughtful and full of signature martinis and geographic specific beers. Between the two of us we had 10 plates, including dessert. The high lights were the Sugar cane pork, Pork and wasabi dumplings and the quail. They are small plates, and for most, I'd recommend this place as an appetizer stop, may not want to bank on getting entirely fed. It is an intimate place with thoughtful drinks and cuisine.. I recommend it to all.
4	This place is definitely worth checking out.  Tonight they had a great DJ who was playing some fantastic music.  I've been twice and enjoyed myself both times.As far as the food is concerned, try anything that interests you.  The hot and sour soup is an absolute must!I'm not a big fan of the fancy girly drinks, and tonight I tried one of their special martinis - not my thing, but they do have great vodkas for a straight up with olives, which is my preference.The decor is fantastic....it's a great little date spot, also...perfect for a laid back meal or a sit at the bar where the action is.
5	No country for old buffet. The banter over tapas will never end just as my love for Sens with their "infusion" of different Asian styles and ingredients. The tofu, the cold duck, sweet & sour soup and fried quail were amazing. Add to that their wide selection of sake and it is heaven on an ill bloated stomach.
4	This place is completely metro chic just like the other Johnny Chu joint, Fate, right around the corner. It's a bit cramped inside, but very lively at nighttime, even without the semi-annoying DJ pumping the tunes throughout the two rooms. The food is all-around solid, taking a hint from tapas culture and throwing in bold flavors for measure. I tried the deep-fried tofu with wasabi soy sauce and it was just like it should be -- crispy on the outside, creamy on the inside. The soy wasabi sauce was sweaty hot and salty -- a delicious combo. The mango papaya spring rolls combine cool, crunchy veggies with fresh fruit and a peppery soy sauce. The combination of the crunch and the chewy, soft wrap melds the elements together well. Finally, the lime mint beef carpaccio on "prawn crackers" (fancy term for rice cakes) provides just the right amount of citrusy punch. The atmosphere is almost a bit too much Scottsdale for Roosevelt Row, but it's hard to deny the coolness factor here. I prefer it over Fate. Especially after a sake bomber.
4	Tried this little gem this evening!Cute little location, cozy tables, and bar seating!Note: carpet by side door does not indicate the front door! The front door faces 1st street!We got a table in the back, i sat on the cushy bench seat.Our waiter Christian was very helpful, attentive and friendly.We tried the Japanese Heffewiesin - who knew they made one? And it was tasty!(This location has no citrus besides lime, so keep that in mind if you want something in your beer or water)For our food choices we went with:spicy wontons - great flavor and like other mentioned could use more filling - but definitely worth eatingsesame tofu - great light batter, good sauceslime mint beef - not something i would do again - not bad, but not carpaccioshrimp wrapped in bacon - how could that not be good? And a spicy saucebeach mushroom wrapped in bacon - again- how could it not be good?wasabi soy chicken breast - amazingly moist, great sauces.Definitely a fun location, tons of yummy choices, attentive staff!I want to try the grilled rice ball and pretty much the rest of the menu!!!Wish I lived closer!
5	This place is heaven!!Been here a few times and now time for a review...Coming from Southern Cali and often visiting NoCal...tapas, asian tapas is a dime a dozen.  However, in SoCal you see mostly Japanese restaurants who offer this type of experience.  Here in Phoenix, this is the ONLY asian tapas restaurant, I love it!First off, this is byfar the most urban mod restaurant I have been to in downtown phoenix.  It reminds me of downtown LA meets San Fran:) Its like home!  The vibe here is great, welcoming and friendly, from the owners to the chefs to the servers...Now the drinks...Again, the only restaurant the I know of in Phoenix serving this amount of Sake.  They have over 80...80!  Not only that they have my favorite...Shochu, including infused Shochu!!  And, Martinis...saketinis...blah blah blah...ok calm down now...bottom line, awesome selection.  Did I just say Awesome? Yeah, I did:) I had the lychee/ginger infused Shochu and their Wasabi Saketini...I wanted to try something different and it turned out better than expected.  It had sake, shochu, wasabi, ginger and gingerale in it...what a combo, I even licked the wasabi drizzle that was in the martini glass!!For the Food....Yum..Yum..Yummy..Yum....Variety is the best word to represent this menu...Everything on the menu is unique and you do not see it often at any other restaurant...Is there a recurring theme here?  Yes, this place is original.  Back to the food, some of the things I have tried:(scale of 1-5)1.  Ginger Duck Salad  42.  Red Curry Tofu  53.  Spicy Wontons  3.54.  Miso with Clams  4.55. Wasabi Soy Ck  46.  Special:  Mackarel Sashimi (they flame fire the skin!!) 5+7.  Dessert:  Goat cheese and cream cheese filled wonton crisp with peach sauce 5+I can not wait to go back and try more of the food, especially the specials!I highly recommend this place, up there with Yasu Sushi, as far as quality of food goes.  Sens does edge out due to the ambience, dj, and drinks menu...
5	Oh yeah. Awesome. Wait staff was great - not stuffy, they're very accommodating to ignorant first-time newbies.  The ambiance was interesting to say the least, but I love the music they had spinning.  The food, the reason anyone would go to a restaurant like this, was awesome.  I ordered the mackerel sashimi special, and Johnny Chu came out and went over it briefly with a blow torch.  The flavor of the fish, combined with the sauces, was incredible.  I snarfed the entire plate down in about three minutes.  We kept the rest of our order light and a little more traditional, which is hard in a place like this.  The drinks were excellent as well.  I'm coming back here at my earliest opportunity!
5	Johnny did it again - the food is amazing, the atmosphere is surreal, and the sake is unique and varied.  It's very fun - and the only bad thing I can say about this place is that because of SENS I am worried about the fate of FATE.  Open on Mondays, which is key - and open late...just be careful, Johnny will kick you out if you don't respect the artists (DJ or musicians) - don't even THINK of playhing drums with your chopsticks or saying something snide.
4	to date, i have been to Sens twice now, oddly enough as a guest to two of the bartenders at the Turf. was drinking on a Saturday night when one of the bartenders who was off the clock was hanging out, asked if i wanted to head over to Sens and grab a bite to eat. i obviously said "Yes" so we walked across the hallway and up to the bar, it was 2:25 or so and the kitchen staff was cleaning up, she asked if the kitchen was closed or if they can still serve food, we got a nod of approval and quickly put in an order, two plates of the Duck+Mint+Ginger salad, an order of Soup Gyoza and Shu Mai. everything was excellent, the Duck salad is amazing 5 stars for sure. the dumplings were both excellent as well. the graciousness of bar waitress and the kitchen staff was amazing considering the time. second time eating at Sens, was not quite harmonious. i was asked previously to my first visit if i wanted to try sens, and while neither myself or the bartender requesting my presence had been here yet, i agreed and we agreed upon a time and date where she would be off work around the same time i would get home from work.  we headed over to Sens, now at this point I've already had some experience with the menu and the food, plus I'm not a stranger to asian food. this time i ordered the Soup Gyoza, Fried Tofu and the Sugar Cane, my accompaniment tried the Miso with shrimp.now this is where i cannot justify a 5th star....i received all 3 of my dishes before they even started her Miso soup. :(i held off eating while we both waited for her food, i offered some of my selections as it was enough to share and still be happy with it. but it still didn't put off the annoyance of not having your own dish in front of you. it was finally served a long 8 minutes later, roughly, and she liked it. only complaint beyond the delay was that the shrimp were a little overcooked.all in all good experiences for trying something fairly new. I'll certainly return, price wasn't all that bad and the drinks are pretty good. but nothing i would go there for strictly. I'm not a huge fan of sake or vodka. they do have other things to pore, but the drink specialties are all sake or vodka. :\
4	I like the :gorgeous decor.Friendly staff.Ginger Mint Duck Salad.Soup Gyoza ( which is not in a soup bowl but each dumpling carries the soup in it!  So different and tasty.)I am scared of:the intense red light in the bathroom.  It's a personal piccadillo.  Makes me feel like  its a bad trip or something. And I can't figure out it my makeup is lookin right or lookin like the tasty food spit up on me.
4	ok so i just read a few other reviews and i must comment on them first.The reason the portions are small people is because they are all appetizers.if you want heaping mounds of onion rings, go to Fridays.the atmosphere is amazing. it isn't trying to hard to be cool you just don't know what cool is. it's okay. we all get old eventually.i actually asked a little about the lotus lamp shades. they said owner had them made in china and they are absolutely stunning.onto the food. DELICIOUS!!i've been there twice now and my favorites arecurry chicken wingswasabi chickenand the bacon wrapped mushrooms.if you're still hungry, ask for a side of rice and pour the remnants of your curry sauce all over it and lick the bowl clean. finger lickin good.
5	While I mourn the passing of Fate, which for 7 years was my answer to "where to take the out-of-towners to prove that Phoenix can hang with urban hipsters", I'm somewhat consoled by Johnny Chu's new adventure at Sens.  In addition to tapas that rocks the presentation in an atmosphere that is pretty hip without being another intimidation-machine - the food is just fantastic.  My boyfriend and I opted for the fixed price menu on New Years and after the first 2 courses, my toes began to curl when I saw someone headed our way with a plate.  Johnny does things with halibut that are the culinary equivalent of porn.  *homer drool*
5	Took a friend from out of town and had the perfect night at Sens.  Our waitress was awesome, and the food, music and drinks were pretty much perfect.  Got mackerel sushi that was really tasty.  Duck salad was delicate and delicious.  Shu mai, panko shrimp, about 4 other dishes later we were stuffed and pleasantly sauced on sake and white wine.  DJ slipped into an 80's coma for a track or so, but was otherwise on the spot.  And again, very reasonably priced--$60 per person for three lazy hours of noshing and boozing.
5	Sens+Friday Night=Good times!So my girl and I figured we would walk to dinner this past Friday to one of the many new hip, downtown spots...couldn't have been a better choice for us to make!Sens was excellent, our waitress (don't wanna try and spell her name for fear of butchering it.) was amazing, wonderful knowledge of the menu...you could tell she adored the food, so we went with it....we didn't order a single thing....just said "bring us more"...and boy was that the right call!!SIDE NOTE: I LOVE small plates....I think more places should take this route!  I mean come on....why settle for tasting one or two items when you can have six?  Yeah, I thought you'd agree :)As I sat there...admiring the beautifully appointed decor...drinking my signature chile infused "Hot and Dirty" martini (yes it is hot...and quite dirty...very tasty!)  I realized wow...this is the best duck I've ever tasted...really, "must try's" here include (besides the hot and dirty martini) Ginger Mint Duck salad...and my favorite of the night...the Soup Goyza, an amazing, melt in your mouth dumpling with a mixture of pork and cabbage in a broth...absolutely amazing!!SIDE NOTE #2: ANY joint that's not afraid to play a little Puscifer is ok in my book...DJ's a great call here!  Oh....and not for nothing....the red light in the bathroom is kewl and make sure you DON'T miss the painting on the right as you pass through the red curtain...very HOT!!Conclusion....run, don't walk to this one, you won't be disappointed!!
3	Had to wait about an hour to be seated, at a table that was empty the whole time we were waiting.  The food was good, but nothing that special.  The place is pretty small, so expect a wait if you go.
4	My friend and I had a great time here last night (Friday).  We sat at the bar and took the staff's recommendations on drinks and food.  My favorites: the spring rolls, ginger fish, grilled alligator, stuffed grape leaves, and the dumplings with wasabi!  4 out of 5 stars for being a little on the pricey side.UPDATED: After our last visit to Sens I had to drop this place down to 1-star (used to be 4).  We made reservations in advance and were told it would be just a few minutes.  We waited at the bar for 45 minutes watching all types of tables come in and be seated immediately without reservations.  We were told it was difficult to seat a 5-top but when they finally sat us, they sat us at a 4-top with an extra chair pulled up and they had plenty of similar 4-tops available while we were waiting.  The food itself was also blah.  They put so much wasabi on the dumplings that one of our group almost got ill.  I am a huge wasabi fan, but I too had a hard time with the amount they put.  That first bite essentially killed the rest of the dining experience.  Don't waste your time or money.UPDATED 6/12/2010: I am restoring the 4 star rating after a wonderful experience there last night.
3	I just love everything Johnny Chu has opened so far.  Fate was a simple little place with sold food.  Sens has added a much desired complexity while maintaining his signature plush atmosphere.The dishes are frequently spicy, which i love.  The chicken wings are awesome, as well as the papaya salad.  Now that I think of it, I haven't had one bad dish.Now, the the reason I gave it three stars is the service.  I am more than willing to give a place three chances on the service.  I mean, sure...people have bad days and what not.  But, I've been to sens about 8 times now and the service is consistently poor.For example, one night I ordered a Thai coffee as soon as we were seated.  I did not get that coffee until the end of the meal even though I repeatedly asked "whats the deal on that coffee?"  Each time I asked she gave me some excuse and i thought to myself "UMMM, I DID NOT ORDER A THAI EXCUSE, I ORDERED A THAI COFFEE."  They still charged me for it, which i don't mind cause i drank it, but any other place would have surely removed it from the bill.Thats my rant.
5	Despite spilling delicious pomegranate green tea all over my shorts and chair, I must say that my dinner at Sens was... well... sensational.  I was a little hesitant coming here -- I wasn't sure what to expect from a restaurant that served "Asian fusion" food. In fact, I had no idea what "Asian fusion" food was, but I was please to find out it is de-licious!My friend and I order five dishes. We started with the Papaya Mango Salad, which was a little spicy but really refreshing. A nice start to the meal.  Then was the Wasabi Soy: marinated chicken served with rock salt wasabi. It seemed the chicken to dipping sauce ratio wasn't quite equal -- I wanted more!  But by that time, we were on to dish three: La Nho: lemongrass marinated beef wrapped in grape leaves. OH - MY - GOD! This was AMAZING. The next time I go, I just want to eat five servings of this. Next up was Panko Shrimp. This was probably my least favorite for two reasons -- 1. I'm not a huge fan of fried stuff, and 2. I had a difficult time eating it with my sub-par chopstick skills horrendously stabbing at the fried ball of shrimp.  But they were still really good, so I can't knock 'em for my inadequacies. Finally, the meal ended with Shu Mai: wasabi pork and shrimp dumplings. Pretty light for a dumpling and very flavorful. All in all, a wonderfully delectable dinner. Yes, the portions were small, but for good reason. It allows you to sample more of their menu, which I love because without sampling I wouldn't have know how fabulous the other dishes were. And, as far as the decor, I wasn't really paying a lot of attention to it. It wasn't anything spectacular, and it wasn't anything I haven't already seen. It was a nice, small, well-appointed place that is laid back and friendly. But the food -- oh, boy -- THE FOOD is what will make me come back again and again.
5	I first discovered Sens this past December, when I was searching out the menu online for Fate. Sens serves Japanese small plates, and I've been doing my due dilagence in trying to sample them all. To date, I haven't met a plate that I haven't liked. Often times, we've ordered so many, we've had to work to figure out where to put the next plate.Sens is small and hip, much like any big-city resturaunt. It shows visitors that yes, there is a life, and culture to Phoenix.First, the must-haves. The Papaya Mango Salad, and the Ginger-mint duck salad. The dressing can be spicy, unless you ask them to make it mild. They recently introduced Charcoal specials (not on the menu - but on the table). We are fans of the smoked okra with or without bacon.From the claypot, we've tried both the thai basil and the lemongrass clams. The broth is fantastic, and you shouldn't miss a drop.The Miso Soup and Hot/Sour soup are great for sharing. It comes in a large pot with ladles.We've also tried the Banana leaf, and the Papaya Mango spring roll. Both excellent as well.
5	Visited Sens last evening and what a great experience. If you're the sweet and sour pork or warm sake type, look elsewhere. But if you enjoy real asian/thai flavors handled by a really talented chef - this is the best in Phoenix by far. Alas, many of the Phoenix transplants won't get it at first. They'll be looking for sake-bombers and will undoubtedly complain about the heat (in the food, not the weather). The balance of flavors - sweet, salt, hot and sour - is amazing and perfect. Presentation is cool and our server knew the dishes well, and more importantly showed enthusiasm for the menu and wine list - not bad for a student from MN.We'd never met the chef, Johnny Chu before last night, but had read years of great reviews from his work at Fate and now Sens. He visited our table throughout the evening and took time to explain each dish we had questions about. He really knows his stuff and was happy to share his passion for the flavors and technique.The Tapas portions were ample - nearly meal sized. With so much flavor the "beverages" seem to go quick. Careful - the Japanese vodkas pack a punch - even though they taste more sake-like. If Sens has fresh Salmon for the fryer - it's amazing. Order the hot and sour soup and you'll want more soba noodles for the broth. We did and it was incredible. A special was 5-spice Tofu with wasabi - probably my favorite of the evening (but admittedly I'm partial to the Chinese 5-spice flavors). If you love real Thai flavors and balance, a bit of urban cool, and know that good sake doesn't get dropped in a beer - you should check out Sens. We went on a Thursday and it was full but no wait. Weekends are probably crazier. We'll be back with friends for sure. SP
5	Dinner at Sens was, hands-down, one of the best meal-experiences we've had here in Phoenix. Four of us (2 couples) made reservations at Sens for 6:30 on a Saturday night. It was a good thing we had reservations, because shortly thereafter, the place was packed. Sens is not a place to grab a quick bite; rather, this is the place to go to use all of your senses (get it?) - taste, smell, see, hear ... the music was great, the lighting was nice, and the food was amazing. We started off with some drinks. I was intrigued by their infused Shochu ( a Japanese vodka). To start, I tried the lychee-infused Shochu with club soda. My friend also enjoyed the lychee Shochu but with club soda and a splash of cranberry juice, while her husband tried the logan Shochu chilled and straight up. My daring husband opted for the chili-infused Shochu, which was incredibly spicy. Not long thereafter, the waitress asked if he wanted it made into a martini, so he chose the "Hot and Dirty" (which was like a dirty martini, but made with the hot chili Shochu). Later, I tried the ginger-infused Shochu and the Lemongrass-infused Shochu. GREAT DRINKS! To eat, we dined like royalty on the following dishes:La Nho, lemongrass marinated beef wrapped in grape leaves.Volcano Flamed, thinly sliced beef seared on hot stone. The beef actually comes to the table raw, and you literally cook it for 40 seconds per side on a hot stone. Very cool.Shu Mai, wasabi pork and shrimp dumplings. Very tasty, with a kick!Papaya Mango Salad with shrimp in a lime vinegarette.Wasabi Soy chicken breast, marinated and served with rock salt wasabi.Lemongrass Soy chicken breast - this was probably my favorite dish!Spicy Wonton filled with sauteed chicken and pepperjack cheese.Red curry tofu - We ordered a side of steamed rice, which you really have to do in order to enjoy all of the amazing sauce in this claypot dish.and, finally, Quail seasoned with aromatic rock salt.I would order everything all over again. I loved that we got to try a little bit of everything, and we had such a fun time eating, chatting, drinking ... It was hard to leave! On a side note, I had the opportunity to chat with owner/executive chef Johnny Chu about the creation of Sens vs what's happening over at the restaurant-formerly-known-as-Fate. Johnny has taken the old Fate menu and infused it into the Sens lunch menu. He's also not involved with what used to be Fate (they are now calling it 905), so if you loved the old Fate, you need to find your way over to Sens!
5	Tried Sens this weekend and I'll be back again and again.  Ten of us took the big table in the back and ate till we were sick!  Everything was outstanding and I don't think we missed any of the Tapas.  The New Times said that the spiced Pork on a sugar cane skewer was flavorless, but after eating 8 or 9 of these little guys - I'd have to disagree.  They were one of my favorites! (ok, maybe not 8 or 9)Beef Ribs, Duck, Battered Fish, Carpaccio and Tofu were all excellent with LOTS of Sapporo!  This place begs for repeat performances!
2	I had very high hopes for this place, after the very good reviews Fate got and that Sens has been getting, but I was terribly disappointed. The mango papaya spring rolls were dominated by the flavor of anise/licorice. The shu mai dumplings were so hard, even hard-core Italians would have said they were too al dente. The black dragon chicken was good, but not great. After we left, we noticed the dinner menu was much more extensive, especially without the tapas. Maybe dinner here is a much better experience, but I'm not sure I'd even be willing to give it a try after the lunch I had here. As for the atmosphere and decor - don't even get me started. Talk about trying too hard to be hip. The Vegas-y blue lighting in the bar area, the Northwest coffehouse style old-looking couch in the back, the Asian influence...I'm not a proponent of "matchy-matchy" decor, but this was all over the place. Service was just okay, too. I won't be back any time soon.
5	lime mint beef, sugar cane, bacon wrapped okra, red curry tofu with rice.all of it, awesome.actually; it was a love affair. we were sweating.
5	I have a friend that  has a Bistro downtown...and he keeps telling me to come in to check it out, so I called him tonight to get directions and he said that he is only open for lunch. He then referred me to Sens, and said it was a lovely Sake Tapas, with traditional Asian food and flair.I was not disappointed. Our server Christian  by far was very helpful and very informative on every meal  and item on the menu, he also had a huge amount of knowledge about the different saki's, to his credit I think Sens needs to give him a raise, if I owned a restaurant I would be trying to convince him to leave and come work for me, but since I don't own a restaurant Sens is safe. What we had:Tokkuri Daiginjo Saki which went well with our meal and for a small bottle was only $7.00 bucksThe Miso soup with shrimp was delicious, and the flat rice noodles  in this soup are to die for, and is full of exotic vegetables and the shrimp in it was large, plentiful and tasted fresh. This was $10.00 but is more then enough for two people it comes in a iron cast bowl with a wooden spoon and cover very authentic.My friend got the Wasabe Tofu with the soy Wasabi and minced garlic crumbs, this was delicious, I do not like tofu that much but could probably die eating this stuff because it was so good.  This was only $4.00.I got the Wasabi Soy  chicken which was delicious.  This was $7.00 and well worth it there was more then enough for me.A few added extras about this place, the water is infused with cucumber and you can see a piece or two of it floating within the serving pitcher it is just enough to give the water a sweet  but fresh taste. The ambiance is nice,  very low lit and the music is very modern I heard everything from Sugar Hill Gang to Massive Attack and Portishead...very cool.There is a monk statue in the front of the door way where people seem to put money on at the base of the statue, the server  said people do it for good karma...we left a dollar...hopefully it will come back to us.:)The total was $30.00 bucks great for two people. Love this place will definitely be back.
5	went again last night.more of the same kind of awesome.tried the papaya mango spring roll.. so hot. literally. so good.the lemongrass clams were also amazing.hittin this place up on wednesdays, is a good move because of the farmers market. they have bacon wrapped tomatoes as one of their specials. i didn't try this, but it was ordered and 'it's like a BLT'.. all super good.
5	I'm so down with Sens. A coworker and I went here yesterday after work (5 p.m.) and had the place to ourselves for the better part of an hour. We started with cocktails: Dani orderd the strawberry basil martini (easy on the strawberry) and I ordered a chile-infused vodka with cucumber martini. Later I ordered the ginger infused martini. I don't remember the names because it was just that good.For food, I ordered the soup gyoza, red curry tofu claypot with a side of jasmine rice and the papaya mango spring roll. My infatuation with the soup gyoza hasn't changed, and I ate all four since Dani doesn't eat pork. The curry was phenominal! Freaking fantastic!! Great flavor, nice heat, and the fried tofu was perfect. It made the spring rolls pale in comparison, which is a shame because the were quite nice and the peanut chile dipping sauce was out of this world.Sure, Sens isn't an every day eatery. It's a treat, a pleasant and hip escape from the daily grind and fast food dining.
4	Mmmm. This is good. We sk8ed from 3rd St to Moreland which turned into 1st Street. Kind of a cool, creepy little sk8 past the Coronado Hotel and then there it is, Sens. With boards safely tucked under the table we order Wasabi, Citron & Sesame Tofu Tapas and someone orders Red Curry Tofu and someone else Papaya Mango Spring Rolls. We have entered Sauce Heaven! I'm not quite sure what has happened, but my legs are wobbly as I get up from the table and I feel like a school girl with a new crush.
2	I was NOT impressed with this place at all!  I LOVED fate and think Johnny is a great chef.....  I eat out everyday either lunch or dinner, the service was horrible, our server had an attitude.  The whole table (4) could feel her akwardness.  I understand the whole "tapas" thing, but $100 dollar food check not including drinks is a bit much for us to leave hungry.  I dont think I would eat there again, drink? yes.
5	Awesome.  I went the first time on a Saturday night with a large group after having a bit too much to drink .  Went back recently with my wife on a Wednesday night.  Great service, great food, and great music in a great location.  Can't wait to go back.  A true Phoenix gem.
5	Okay, I will preface this review by saying, I was extremely hammered when I came here, so the level of awesomeness I remember may or may have not been altered by that fact. Either way, I REALLY liked this spot.I got cozy at the bar with my guest under the funky blue lighting and soon after was joined by the Executive chef, Johnny Chu. What a wonderful wonderful man. He spent a decent amount of time chatting with us, which was cool. He really is a prime example of why I absolutely adore chefs. The only thing I tried food wise was the Wasabi Tofu, which was really good, but watch out, the first bite is REALLY hot, in every way. Excellent drink selection, but like I said, I had already had enough.. thus I am looking forward to revisiting Sens in a more sober state, very very soon!
4	Alright, I am bumping Sens up to a four star.  I tried the Mint Shrimp and was floored.  Uh-Mazing!!!  The serving is small, two pieces, so order two.  The Fried Wontons did not disappoint once again.  I tried an unfiltered sake.  This was great as well.  Our server was attentive and fast.  I can see them going to a 5 star with another visit or two.
5	Fabulous!  Even in the middle of my dining experience I couldn't stop talking about my experience.  What a different neat little spot to bring to Phoenix.  The waitress forgot to tell us about the specials, but we quickly learned they had them when the table next to us was served the flash fried Red Snapper...it looked cool, but they said they had had it before, so I wanted to get the menu items before trying one of the specials.As soon as we walked in, the hostess greated us and asked if we happened to have reservations, it was first friday so it was pretty full.  She told us it would be about 20 minutes, and we were seated in 7 at the most.  As we were waiting we took a look at the lil drink menu on the waiting table.  Quickly learned that all their martini's were served with Infused Vodkas, like Thai Chili, or Ginger, what a concept.  Once seated, we were served water and asked if we wanted to order drinks.  i had to try the hot & dirty martini, I usually only drink dirty martini's.  I will not get it again, but my love for vodka is really fading anyway.  The BF had one of the drinks, too, but i think it was one of the saketini's, it was grapefruit jasmine something and it was fantastic.  I'm afraid of fruity drinks, but this was perfect, not too sweet and not to fruity.  Just right!Now on to ordering, after studying the menu for a good ten to twenty minutes we order 3 things, and then asked our waitress what the trend seemed to be for 2 people.  She said just start with three and see how you feel!  Freaking fantastic idea, thanks for suggesting this even though your are totally busy, and there are plenty of people waiting to get a table.  Three was a good starting point, once you get started, you are very eager to try your next flavor explosion.  So we ended up getting 6 different ones, and I honestly could have tried 3 more, I mean how long is it going to be before I get to come back??  But I was very satisfied and didn't need to eat anymore, I just wanted too.Here is what we ordered in order of my favorite to least favorite, for lack of a better phrase :-)  I do want to point out that everything is served with a sauce of some kind on the side.  I made it a point to take a bite before trying the served sauce, still loved it.Spicy Wonton - pepper jack cheese & chicken - these were so good, the sweet spicyish chili sauce they serve with it was awesome, definitely a MUST have anytime I go backThai Basil Clay pot - clams steammed and simmered in some type of broth and basil - Unbelievable flavor!  I even pulled out some of the Basil leaves and munched on them.Volcano Flamed - thin slices of beef you cook on a hot rock at your table.  This one should win on presentation alone, I loved cooking this on the hot rock, it was neato bandito!  I can't remember what the toppings were but I want to say like bean sprouts marinated in lime teryaki or something, super good!Shu Mai - pork and shrimp dumplings with a little bit of wasabi paste served on top.  Perfect dumpling texture, great kick with the wasabi pasteWasabi Soy - chicken with a wasabi soy - I'm now going to make this at home.  The chicken was great alone, but the wasabi soy made it!  A little boat of thick soy sweet soy sauce with a thick wasabi sauce strip in the middle.  Lime Mint Beef - Very good, maybe too limey, but I really did like it.I walked away ranting about how I wasn't going to shut up about this place for weeks!  I can't wait to try the lunch menu!
5	Just went to Sens for lunch and had the red curry with tofu - it was so good! It had sort of an underlying smoky flavor that was simply wonderful and the crispy tofu soaked up the curry and became like a little sponge that was juicy on the inside but still crispy on the outside. Back in July I took a large group of family and friends out to celebrate and everyone thought it was great. I also strongly recommend the "Hitachi" beers from Japan - especially the red rice beer - if you like beer then you must try it. I give Sens five stars because it is consistently one of my favorite places to go out to eat and at night the vibe is cool and relaxed - perfect place to chill out on a Friday or Saturday night and best of all, if you live in Tempe, you can catch the light rail home!
1	I've eaten here three times.  The first two times were outstanding.  The third time was not a charm.  The food was almost inedible.  Our first course was a dumpling dish that had so much wasabi in it that I was in physical pain trying to eat the dish.  The second course was an inedible fish dish.  I don't think the fish was fresh.  The waitress, to her credit, saw that we were not enjoying the food and took it away.  We asked for the check and finished our drinks...we didn't complain and were not going to make a scene.This is when things got weird.  The chef (owner??) came out and insisted that his food was good.  To prove it he insisted that we sample some other dishes.  He brought some sort of fish stew that was inedible (again the fish wasn't fresh)...At that point we paid the check and snuck out of the restaurant before he could serve us any additional food.  I won't be back.  It is a shame because the first two times I ate at Sens the food was delicious.  However, the hallmark of a good restaurant is that the food is good every time.
3	finally! i made it to sens during business hours, the last 8 times i tried to eat there has lead to disappointment, with the 3 hour closure between lunch and dinner (i hate when restaraunts do this) but luckily they are right next door to Turf (which is open ALL day from lunch to dinner and they serve a good meal) we arrived a few minutes late for our group, and some rearanging had to be done. but much to my surprise the back room table was able to seat all 9 of us, very comfortably (well sister complained about the lack of legroom, but a short person like me can't complain about that) the decor was beatiful, except the candles throughout (Note to owners about Arizona: CANDLES do not belong in the desert, they add too much unneeded heat to the room) that room was so hot! Very uncomfortable at times, especially with all the spicy food. (hello tiny plastic fake candles that don't let off heat, where are you?)The service was good, would have been much better is there was a way to serve the food without having to ask "who had this and that"; as with all the small tapas plates it gets pretty annoying, especially when its barked right mid some fabulous conversation over and over, it makes it feel like a friggin dinner, no matter all the beautiful surroundings. The chairs were so comfortable and they had a little round lower back area to tuck your purse behind you, it probably wasn't made for that, but it works great!I was truly amazed with many of the dishes. Unfortunatly i don't have the  menu names for these items, so i will just describe them by taste. I favored the lightly fried Shrimp salad which was the right consistency of crunchy with the carrots and hicama, the mushroom soup was filled to the rim with a variety of mushrooms, if it were my soup i would have been in heaven! I LOVE MUSHROOMS and this soup would have delivered. The Sweet and sour pork popsicles were tasty, made from ground pork, seasoned and then shapped around a bamboo stick (looked like a lamb chop) turning it into a big kids lollipop, which melted in my mouth. I enjoyed the cabbage slaw too! It was dressed with the tangy sweet and sour sauce. The grilled rice ball took me by surprise, as the little charred parts were the tastiest of all, I think i found a new way to eat rice. a little FYI if you have questions about the menu, the servers are clueless, so any food allergies should be consulted with Johnny or his wifie. enjoy, but remember to time your trip right, or you'll end up at my other favorite place The Turf.
3	Downtown Phoenix is still taking baby steps as far as hip AND delicious restos are concerned. So, when we stopped by Sens, we were pretty psyched to find something close to a late-night SF food spot. Sens lassos curious minds in with its sleek interior and possible "hip" factor. HOWEVER, and unfortunately, delicious was not on the menu the night we decided to give it a try.As some reviewers have noted- tapas are not new news. But, neither are some of creations, or recreations that are found at Sens. -Soup gyoza...revealed not a trickle of broth when bitten into. -Wasabi shu mai... overpowered by wasabi to the point that we tasted bitter undertonees-Red Thai curry chicken wings... not enough curry, yet tasteless chicken-Lemongrass clams... were not bad! represented the clams nicely with hints of lemongrass flavor in the clam shell and meat.-Yakitori... well, it's shrimp yakitori. So what?Perhaps we didn't order the big deal items that night, but we ordered quite a few and weren't that psyched. Try again? Maybe.
4	This restaurant is quite hip, and the asian tapas is quite good. The dishes are quite creative, with good use of ginger, mango, etc. to flavor the meat and thai bases. For our table of 4, I believe we ordered 8 dishes, and got out for a total of about $65 without drinks. We did leave a little hungry - but that's the way it goes.This would be a great date restaurant. Not too noisy, feels like you are "in the action," tasty food.
5	Yet more histrionics according to me. I remember the Lucky Dragon!  I was sixteen or seventeen and my friends and I were looking for local venues in which to perform.  There was a little place called The Lucky Dragon, my friends had a improv troupe called FLD and they would perform here once in a while.  One night, mid-show I ordered some food and the world went "Zizz".  I grew up with a very traditional American culinary exposure.  My folks were meat and potato kinda cooks.  I hadn't tasted Asian cuisine with such flair and it was enthralling.  Years later, and in more modern times, I was lucky enough to have my friend Hunter suggest Sens as we were trying to figure out what's for dinner.  We're old friends and amateur culinary explorers.  Upon walking into Sens you just FEEL sexier, baby.  This little lounge is it.  We sat at the bar and ordered the Red-curry wings, and some veggies cooked in a banana leaf.  Then came the Sake...Then more food...Sake...More food.. sake..We were chatting Sake with the bartender (don't recall her name) but I remember Junmai, Dai Gingyo and the like.  We spilled back out into the city belly's full of some of the most delicately prepared Asian Tapas I have ever tasted.  It is truly amazing what Chu and his chefs do with such a small cooking space.  It's all right in front of you in about ten cubic feet of kitchen space.  Some of the most unique and eye-popping techniques take place in that kitchen with a self-assured grace.  That attention to detail and subtle prowess show through in the flavors that come out of that kitchen.
4	I came here with three other friends.  We were all on business trip together and walked over from the nearby Sheraton.  The place is modern styled for the gen y's with loud music.  It's bad for the boomers with inflexible ear drums.  In fact, there was a DJ there for Thursday night.I ordered Pork with Pineapple Ginger Sauce, Oyster Mushroom and Clams with Lemon Grass Claypot.  The chopped pork was nicely deep fried, wrapped around a skinny stick of sugar cane and the pineapple ginger sauce was very tasty, maybe a bit on the sweet side.  The Manila clams were really fresh.  I was hoping that the broth was broth but it was just liquid used to boil the clams and it was not salty or tasty enough that I just abandoned it.  The oyster mushroom was very fresh and good.  After these three small plates, I was still hungry.  I had to scavenge my friend's Tofu Curry and some of his rice to get satisfied.  The food is definitely good, fresh and tasty but if you are really hungry, you could spend $25 and still feel a little empty.
4	I've followed owner Johnny Chu through several of his Asian dining concepts, and I must say that this one is the best in its all-around atmosphere, bar setting, and tapas selection.  I still miss his influence over Fate, but Sens is sure to bring back the fun of Lucky Dragon in a more mature and sophisticated way.  This is definitely my pick for chic cocktail bar in downtown Phoenix.Oh by the way.....  Don't try to order takeout.  They won't do it, and I respect that decision.  But I will say that Catherine was not happy that she couldn't get her soup dumplings last spring while she sat at home in the final days of pregnancy.  :-)
5	Hands down my favorite downtown restaurant! Great decor, top notch service (let your waitperson help you with suggestions), wide variety of exceptional asian tapas and exotic drinks. You will not be disappointed!
5	Very good! I can't believe we found a good place to go downtown. It's a bit small but it adds to its charm. Love the cucumber water, and all the food we had was great. If you want something competly different in Phoenix then come check this place out.
4	Who knew Asian food could be so much fun. Sens epitomizes all the reasons why you should skip Scottsdale restaurants and just head to downtown Phoenix. Executive Chef Johnny Chu as created a hip restaurant atmosphere complete with great service (the servers gladly make recommendations and are attentive), a wonderful atmosphere complete with a DJ that plays hip mood music (my husband tipped the DJ just for playing the Selectors, I guess it brought him back to his college days); and the most deliciously creative Asian food on the planet. To give you and example of the creativity, we tried a spicy tofu and vegetable dish (a chef special of the night) with a decidedly Asian flavor, served with taco chips a-la salsa-like for dipping.   The combination was suprising and delish!Parking can be found in the rear of the building. If that is full and you have to park on the street, be aware that the meter-natzi is ever vigilant and exercises her/his authority liberally, so feed the damn meter.
5	Yup, another 5 stars.   I was almost feeling guilty about giving a place five stars after only one visit, but I really do believe they deserve it!  This time, there was a group of 6 of us.  We walked in, were told it'd be about 15/20 minute wait, which is to be expected without a reservation and a group of six.  In the mean time, the host told us we were welcome to visit the bar, but then after a minute or so she asked us if she could get us something from there.  I could  not for the life of me remember what sake we had the last time, so I threw a couple of descriptions her way and BAM, suddenly I was sipping on the exact same one again.  Also, she suggested a non filtered sake, which she warned us would be cloudy.  We decided to wait until we got to the table for that one.  I was hoping they had the red snapper special that night, but unfortunately it was not on the list.  BUT this mackrel dish was, and it was deeLISH!  I mean this place just has presentation and delivery down!  They brought the sashimi mackrel out, and then took a blow torch to the top of it right there in front of us, yum yum!  After ordering our meal we asked for the non filtered sake, and the waitress said it was definitely a good pairing for our food selection, it would nutralize the heat with the suttle sweetness, man was she right, it was like horchata. One couple with us, got some stir-fry tofu veggie dish.  It came out sizzling in a pan still cooking.  I got to taste it, and I wanted to steal the whole thing.  The won tons and dumplings are a must for the BF and I and we were not disappointed.  I just love this place, it's definitely not somewhere I can go a whole bunch of times, but right now my record is once a month!
5	Both Ben (age 13) and Corinne (age 56) enjoyed the entire experience, from the beverage with the marble to the Chicken & Duck tapas as well as the mini egg rolls floating in a glass of salad/ noodles!  Presentation was unique AND understated. Mr. Chu explained the beverage's unusual format and its inspiration.Sauces were entirely delectable and I am an avowed "sauce hater".  Truly a memorable dining experience!  Tasty and upscale but NOT snobby and superior!
4	After anticipating Pizzeria Bianco and not getting any, Rada decided it would be nice to give Sens a shot.  I am pure Japanese cuisine and didn't understand what Tapas was.  "Topless." I kept hearing Rada say.  Got there at a good time, and after debating whether or not to put money in the parking meters, we went in.  (Answer is yes. Even though EVERYONE else's meter was expired. MY car would be the ONE to get towed. -_-) Anyways, the decor was swanky, as expected from an asian infusion bar.  Let me say I HATE sake. but I liked their selection.   The rice wine of choice...Nigori Osake. It was nice.  they do have filtered selections, but that's more of a fire water than sake.  For the side I had jasmine rice, was okay lol.  The main dish though was a fried Yellow Tail Sampler.  Already fond of the yellow tail, this baby was a sin.  Except you were not quite sure which part you were eating.  I'm sure I got a good taste of innards :). All around 4 stars. Rada will tell you more hopefully soon.  Enjoyed the service and price wasn't bad. Definitely vegetarian friendly, and the servings are small enough for you to order a whole bunch of different things and really sample asia. Or for a couple cheapies looking for some good cuisine in downtown phoenix.  Each side dish is about 2 bucks to set a perspective. The fried sampler was 24 bucks and most other dishes were 7-9 bucks.
3	We had planned on ending up at Moira last night, but with an hour wait and a starving friend, we adjusted our plans and headed towards Sens, where we had only a 20 minute wait. I guess after my third time there I should probably review.My wasabi pork dumplings ended up being consumed by one of the other members of my party and my ginger pork salad mostly consumed by me. They were two items I had never had before and I have to admit I was somewhat a happy camper, but not quite what I was expecting them to taste like either. I can say though that was the first time I ever had just an okay food experience at Sens. The sugar cane is fabulous and the miso is some of the best ever. They may be small plates, but they are filling and reasonably priced in my opinion. The cucumber water? Fantastic and refreshing. If you are craving sake, go for the chilled lemongrass. However, remember it's potent and potentially can be a weapon that ruins your night.The DJ we had last night as we sat down was truly phenomenal and I wish he would've stayed the entire night. He played the type of music that is appropriate for Sens. Instrumental, mix of upbeat and slow but all with some ambiance. It made you want to strike up a quiet conversation and just take in the atmosphere, which is decadent. After awhile though the DJ switched and the new one was playing a mixture of good songs, but nothing appropriate for Sens. I don't want to hear George Clinton and dog panting as I'm enjoying a cup of Jasmine tea and staring at the beautiful blossom in the pot.
4	Finally, a great Asian fusion restaurant. The service was super friendly. They even got me Yoo-zu tea because they didn't have honey. Server was great also and gave us recommendations about the amount and food choices because we asked - very professional. Now, the food...- spicy wontons: mmmm deliciously fried to perfection and i absolutely love that wasabi sauce- shumai: ehhh..though a lot of people on yelp liked it, the skin was a little hard for me- sesame tofu: cute little deep friend tofu cubes- shabu style miso with shrip: warm light soup, definitely a must try- red thai curry: omygosh, that almost took off my tastebuds..i wouldn't recommend it unless you like spicy beyond jalapenosOverall, a great experience, delicious food, nice ambiance. Oh, everything fried tasted non-greasy and rather healthy - a rare treat. :)
5	I went last weekend and loved it.  The dishes are small and are meant to be shared, but not so small that you feel like you barely ate anything.  The food was presented quite nicely as well;  the only dish I wasn't so big a fan of was the papaya mango salad.  The wasabi soy chicken and soup gyoza were terrific.  They also had spicy shrimp as their dinner special, which was outstanding (but stay away if you can' t handle spices).I would say that, given the lighting and decor, the ambiance is great during dinner (when I went), but probably nothing special during lunch.
3	Sens served its purpose as a pre-show dinner spot on the way to Dodge Theater.  I enjoyed the atmosphere although it was eerily quiet/empty for dinner time, even on a Tuesday night.  Our server was absolutely fantastic -- very attentive and extremely knowledgeable about the food menu, drinks, and even the schedule at the Dodge Theater!  The food was decent and I would go here again in a group, but I won't be craving it anytime soon.  Most of the dishes underwhelmed vs. my expectations from the menu, but they were still good and I got to enjoy a variety with the small plates.Great location, easy access and great service = a solid staple for a downtown bite.
4	Stopped here for a quick bite to eat before heading off to the Phoenix Symphony. We decided to park by symphony hall and walk not realizing that Sens wasn't exactly around the corner. The night that we went there was a special duck dish (not the one on the menu) which was served with a spicy wasabi-like paste, a ginger slaw, some peppers and pickles. The duck was excellent. We also ordered the Red Curry Tofu, a drink from the bar and a glass of wine. Overall, very satisfied and can recommend it to others.
2	Sigh... the search for anything remotely asian (authentic or fusion) continues.  Coming from the Bay Area expectations are high.  Yes we adjusted our expectations accordingly for the Phoenix area.The food had a ton of heat but lacked actual flavor.Napa Rolls: napa cabbage wrapped shrimp in a ponzu sauce, the dish was cooked well but nothing stoodout eitherGinger Mint Duck Salad: douced with spicey chilli sauce, the "salad" was drowning in a pool of liquid, there is no duck taste as at allRed Thai Curry Chicken Wings: plain awful!  terrible spicys used and horrible consistency, the chicken was marinated in something super salty and then they mixed in a "curry" sauce that conflicted with the tasteWasabe Tofu: never had tofu with such a heavy batter on it, it was not light and delicate, beware of the sauce which is 5:1 ratio of wasabi to ponzu, you can't even taste the tofu if you use the sauce
3	Went here at 7 pm on a Saturday night for my 30th birthday dinner (followed by drinks at Hanny's). I really wanted to try this place after hearing so much about it. We had a reservation for 25 people. We called a few times before hand and were originally told we could have a back room that holds 25 people. So, we went ahead and planned the night with that in mind. When we called back a few days later, we were told it could only hold 22 people but we were assured our reservation was on the books for the back room. The night we showed up, we were told it could only hold 18 people and they seated us two different tables in the main dinning room. When we brought the discrepancy to the hostess's attention, she basically gave us the attitude that since we didn't talk to her when we called, then it wasn't her problem and that was pretty much the end of the discussion. I was not thrilled about the change in plans and everyone seated at different tables but we made it work. Had we known that was going to be the case in the first place, we would never have made the reservation there so that was pretty annoying. We knew the place was small so that is why we called ahead to make sure they could accommodate us. Anyway, I digress. We made it work and had a great time. The menu was eclectic and served the needs of the carnivores and vegetarians in the group. The food is served in small plates that usually has 4-5 pieces on it. The service was pretty good considering the size of our group and they were good about allowing people to have different checks. The food was really yummy - I highly recommend the a fried fish offering (an off the menu item our waitress was nice enough to tell us about) as well as the Gyoza Soup. The decor was beautiful and hip. There is one unisex bathroom behind a red curtain. We also loved the drink menu. It had pages and pages of cool drinks and cold Sakes. We liked it here but do not suggest it for groups larger than 4 people.
5	Sens continues to improve.  We have begun going regularily and even got engaged and celebrated at SENS.  It's fabulous on Mondays, the staff is wonderful and there is no wait.
5	What a great surprise. This little inconspicuous hole in the wall could be transported directly out of Tokyo. Polished concrete floors, single white bar, simple 2 seater tables and blue neon light to illuminate the white bar chairs. The menu not quite the Japanese fare one might be used to. No sushi, but great little creations like duck and wontons. The best part about this place must be the bar. A incredible Sake selection and infused vodka buffet. If you are into Sake or truly flavoured mixed drinks, the bar will be your heaven. I am glad I was recommended this place and actually stumbled into it. What a great find!
5	I love this restaurant..  I lived many years in NYC and this is the kind of place that you would find in a large cosmopolitan area. Edgy but really comfortable. I love the music, and of course I think the food is incredible. Johnny doesn't hit 100% but at least he's creative and makes the attempt to put his twist on things. For the most part the service has been really great. I have been at least six to seven times and will be going back fairly often. I only have one complaint. Johnny get out the paint can and brushes and clean the place up a bit. Dust off the tile wall in the main dining room. Spend a little time on the wear and tear aspects of the restaurant. I know your going for a neighborhood feel.. but clean up the hood.  I will come back either way..
3	Finding this quaint location wasn't to hard... i like that there is a parking lot right north of the place... as well as street parking :) you walk in the place and wow... its a completely different atmosphere... low lighting but in a calming way rather than creepy... they have a DJ.. the music makes the setting but to be honest it was a little odd for my taste,,, Our waitress was very nice and helpful... automatically served us cucumber water... (which tastes amazing!!) and then asked for our drink orders ... a good waitress can seriously turn everything upside down or completely make your visit ya know... its a pet peeve of mine.. customer service... every table had a pink candle lit... pink lights hung above the chefs area... it was just so relaxing! the mirrors on the wall around this cool looking splatter painting... i was diggin it... everything on their menu is served as appetizers... which kinda sucks.. they are all at least 6-12 bucks at least ... from what i saw.. and the waitress said that they recommend for people to get at least 2-3 a piece.... wow, on top of drinks.. its kinda pricey to me.. good thing we shared everything... the lemongrass chicken (cant remember the full title) was amazing!! so good... the gyozo (dumplings) were alright.. a little too minty for my taste... we had this other thing where they bring you the hot stone and you cook your own meat... it was alright but the stone only stayed hot enough to cook the meat med rare... i don't like my meat to moo at me... so its was alright... but i prefer it well done... the beef wrapped in grape leaves.. well i was soo excited to try them.. but was sadly disappointed... they were so fiery hot (spicy) that i almost had tears in my eyes... never did it say on the menu .. SPICY... after a server came over and saw us gasping for water.. he filled us up and said, oh yea those are pretty spicy... wow good thing i had my TUMS lol over all The atmosphere was amazing..... the staff was fabulous... the food... eh... the menu is crap... if your gonna serve spicy food you should say its spicy! isn't that some sort of health hazard?! and its kinda on the pricey side... i think i would go back again... But i don't think i would opt to... there are alot more dishes i would like to try... maybe a different location would be better?
5	After being waived in the general direction by the fancy but vapid doorman at Amsterdam, and wandering the deserted north block to no avail, I stumbled randomly into the doors of Sans, an oasis in the desert of central Phoenix late at night.  Swanky decorations, mind-blowing colors on the way through to the bathroom (just see you your eyes adjust from violent purple to blood red), atmospheric music and sleek decor (combination of rocks and wood and glass), super-friendly staff (who didnt yell at me after dropping my chopsticks 3 times and stealing all the spare sets off the next table), and a very creative and tasty menu with one of the best desserts I have ever had (green tea cheesecake with mango sauce and some sort of berry).  Open late, the bar food for the higher end (yeah not CHEAP but so worth it).
2	My wife and I were on our way to the Turf bar, in the same building, when we noticed Sens.  She said she was hungry and it looked interesting, so we went in and tried some of the Asian "tapas" on offer.  The setting is very hip, including a DJ in a porkpie hat, but at the end of the day, I had to conclude that Sens is all show.  If you are going to try to sell people tiny bites of food but charge them real money for it, the food needs to taste good, really good--Sens doesn't make it.  The best dish we ordered, the "Volcano" lime-marinated beef ,was advertised as beef carpaccio that you cook yourself on a hot rock and dip in a Thai sauce.  The beef was way too thickly sliced to qualify as carpaccio and, although tender, it was flavorless.  I had a much better version of this dish (albeit without the hot rock gimmick) 30 years ago at a Thai restaurant in Houston.Bottom line: If you pay $35 bucks a head for appetizers, you ought to leave raving about the food.  And what was with the owner eating his supper standing in the middle of the dining room?
5	Great place. Great food. Great Sake.Food selection was different. The taste was very unique too.Portions are Tapas style---which works out if you are not very hungry.If you are in a mood for some fusion type cuisine---give it a shot.It would be nice if they served hot sake---which i missed.Other than that---no complaints.
4	The first mistake we made was going here TOTALLY starving on a First Friday's Art Walk. To no fault of the restaurant, we wound up waiting an hour for a seat. I immediately loved the decor of the place. You could tell they put a lot of effort into making it an urban restaurant space, much like trendier dining spots in larger cities. The service was excellent. Honestly, it was the best service I've had at any establishment in a very long time. The owner came by regularly to check if we were enjoying every dish, as well as our server. We ordered so many dishes I can't keep them straight. I enjoyed most of them while there was a couple that stood out as not being fantastic. Personally I wasn't a fan of the Quail but any small bird with a lot of bones probably wouldn't be my favorite. The bill was astronomical, well over $100 for 3 people without any liquor, and leaving not feeling totally full. However I knew all along it was pricey and was fine with that. I left knowing it was a great experience and I'd try it again.
4	went here for my birthday.  i was able to make a reservation for a friday night for 14 people only a few days before.  they set us up at a long table with plenty of room for everyone.they had a great selection of sake, and different prices to accommodate everyone.now... the food!  oh man, it was so good.  i think the favorite was the volcano flamed.  the spicy wonton was really good, and something different.  the sauces that it came with were really delicious.  also delicious was the cold duck.  yummmm.it highly recommend for a special night out.
5	This is not an Asian Topless Bar. It is an Asian "Tapas" bar. The guys I was traveling with spent the first ten minutes waiting for the show to start and were disappointed when I smacked them all for actually thinking I would take my coworkers to a topless bar. "Tapas" are little appetizer plates, and Sens is all about getting a little taste of everything. The atmosphere is fantastic - eclectic, moody and very, very cozy (so I recommend reservations). The little dishes are about four single servings, so you'll want to order several plates! Highly recommend the volcano flamed beef and the sugar cane pork. The food is very flavorful -- but everything is a bit spicy (garlicky-spicy), even the dishes they call "mild." Plates run about $6-$9 each, and each person in our party ordered 3 or 4 plates...we were all full by the time we left! Definitely get a cocktail, their mixed drink menu is fab (White Sin is absolutely sinful...and absolutely worth the indulgence).
2	I love trying new local restaurants and when Sens opened up, it was top on my list.  Alas, I think I put it on a pedestal.  I thought the food was overpriced and not very good.  I love tapas and dim sum, but I was disappointed with the choices at Sen. We ordered the Shu Mai.  I knew I couldn't go wrong with this order.  I love Shu Mai, but this version of it I unfortunately didn't like.  The wasabi was so overpowering, even after I scrapped it off the top.  We also had the Lime Mint Beef which I felt was too acidic.  After it was all said and done, we spent over $50 and left hungry.  :(
4	This unique little Japanese tapas and sake bar serves up specialty fare at delicious prices.  Designed to entice you to try a little of everything, the menu prices range from $3 to $9 for its appetizer-sized portions.  Nervous about trying something new, no worries, the staff is friendly and helpful and can point out the more popular dishes.  Try the volcano flamed - where else can you sear your own beef on a smokin' hot rock?!Sens also offers a list of filtered (sweeter) and unfiltered sake choices.  Or order a dry martini using their house-infused vodkas - lychee or lemongrass, to name a few.  The place is trendy and chic and you can get away with dressing up; however, like just about any place in Arizona - casual works, too.The restaurant is located on 1st Street between McKinley and Pierce, just a short walk from the light rail.  If you're driving, there is minimum parking on the street and a full-sized parking lot.  However, beware that it packs up on weekends, especially on First Friday's.
5	I love the concept of tapas. Not only does it afford you the ability to try more flavors, it also is fun to share and explore new flavors. The food was excellent. We had wasabi grilled chicken, egg rolls, citron tofu, and volcano beef. All of the dishes came with unique and flavorful dipping sauces, and the salad that came with the egg rolls was a perfect mix of lemon grass, carrots and a few other julienned vegetables. It was fun to cook our own beef on a hot rock too. Where else can you find that? The drinks that I had were also delicious. I love trying martinis  and the sweet karma - a mix of lychee vodka and guava juice was amazing. We finished the with the wonton dessert. It was small but certainly delicious. Did I mention the atmosphere was relaxed and zen and the staff was awesome and helpful? This place is certainly worth eating at again. There is so much more I want to try.
4	I went to dinner with a coworker while in town working a conference looking for some good Asian food.  The food was great, the service was wonderful and the atmosphere was lovely.  I'm a big sake fan and they have quite the selection.  I had both a nigori (Sayuri) and a ginjo (Hakutsuru) - both very tasty :)  We ordered the spicy wonton, wasabi shumai, red curry crispy tofu with a side of jasmine rice and the spicy shrimp special.  Everything was delicious.  The plates were perfect sizes for tapas and reasonably priced.  I will be back to try some more :)
4	Lychee infused vodka?  Yes, please!  The bartenders here are always on top if it.  I haven't had the opportunity to eat here yet, but I am looking forward to doing so!
5	Most of the reviews I've read for Sens are spot on! I have dined here twice now and felt obligated to create a Yelp account to share my sentiments on such a fantastic eatery. With that being said...Sens is definitely a hip little joint that has everything going for it. I feel it could work for any situation but works wonderfully well as a date spot. The decor is absolutely brilliant and parallels the unique cuisine. Along with the music being played -- by a live DJ -- on the weekend nights, these attributes all work together to create a vibrant and tasteful (ha!) atmosphere. To top it all off, the waitstaff is attentive and fun. While the menu certainly isn't extensive, it has a variety of creative offerings that will provide an ample range of flavors. I've yet to explore the numerous sake options as I've just gone with the familiar Junmai Ginjo. My food recommendations would be the Sugar Cane, Red Curry Tofu, and Lemongrass Soy. The dish Sugar Cane, pork marinated with a pineapple-ginger sauce, are relatively small cuts of pork that have a crispy exterior but melt in your mouth the moment you take a bite. They're so delicious I'm ordering it twice next time....I seriously can't stop thinking about 'em!I'd also like to mention that, as a DJ myself, it's rare that I actually approve of this sort of setup for a restaurant....but it works, and the selector they have is spot on with his beats. I've heard everything from downtempo to jazz to glitch hop being played and he actually mixes (YES!!) his tunes, albeit, at times, a bit loudly.I have no complaints for Sens -- 5 stars it is! Cheers!
5	so I've been wanting to try this place for a while, and finally got my chance last night. Let me say the food is awesome awesome awesome and the sake was AMAZING!!!!I don't remember the two types of Sake we had, they were off the premium menu (from 7-9 dollars a bottle) The bartender was super knowledgable about everything, and recommended some good ones. We also got some appetizers as well. We started with these vegetarian spring rolls, which were amazing. Next we had these steamed tea buns with spinach which I wasn't such a fan of, but my buddy liked them. We also opted for the grond pork fried on sugar cane, which was by far my fave dish there. We also orderd the crispy sweet and spicy shrimp and the fried rice balls. The only problem was the shrimp were cold by the time we got the rice to eat with them, but we still ate them.  Overall the total tab was about $70.00 or so, great food and awesome Sake. I'm afraid I've ruined my buddy because he had never had sake (How is that even possible?) so now he's spoiled.  In the words of Arnold Schwarzenneger "I'll be back".
3	This is a very solid three stars.  Went tonight for a party and there were about 15 of us, we had a reservation for 7:00.  We waited for about 20 minutes for our table, which I consider pretty fair.  It's a popular place Downtown, especially on a Saturday night.  If you go, you need to anticipate that these are small plates, like tapas.  I was sitting with a few others and we all ordered different things, so we could try a bunch of stuff.  I had the mango spring rolls, and they were awesome.  They came with a yummy dipping sauce.  Also got the wasabi tofu.  Now, before you start flipping out about how nasty tofu is and blah blah blah, you need to try it at Sens.  It's lightly fried, first of all, so it's got a crisp coating.  They're creative with the different sauce flavors.  I also tried the sesame.  Both were de-lish.  My drink was a really crisp ginger beer that had a good bite.  Our service was great.  Not once did I have to ask for my water to be refilled.  That is my biggest pet peeve.  There is one bathroom.  One.  Unisex.  I don't mind having to share a bathroom with guys.  Oh, wait, now I do, because around the toilet, on the floor, it was wet.  Pee wet.  I've lived with guys and I know what that is.  Guys don't always have good aim.Loved the food and the prices weren't bad.  Didn't love the bathroom situation.
3	I went here for the first time a few days ago, and overall, I was pleased. The food selections are interesting and fairly adventurous. I got the bacon-wrapped lychee -- which was excellent mixing of savory and sweet flavors -- and the ginger fish -- which was a well-cooked, but otherwise plain serving of some kind of whitefish. There was a tasty peanut sauce with it that helped to kick things up a notch.Although this place prides itself on its small portions that allow a wide range of experimentation, the prices are somewhat prohibitive in that regard. Each dish is basically between $7 and $10 dollars and the drinks are hovering between $6 and $15, so it all easily adds up if you're expecting to have a substantive meal here. This is the sort of place that tickles your taste buds, but you're going to have to pick up a cheeseburger afterward. When I left Sens, I was still pretty damn hungry.The service was okay, but pretty slow. The server came back for refills and such fairly regularly, but it took a while to take our initial order.This is a unique restaurant, but not somewhere I'd eat very often. I don't like paying a significant amount of money for food and still feeling hungry after doing so.
3	We came here last Friday night because my husband has been raving about this place non-stop. We waited about 15 min but there were some comfy wicker chairs out front. Once we were seated, we ordered a $14 bottle of cream sake. It was extremely good and went down smooth. We got about 8 servings out of the bottle. Having already had dinner earlier, we ordered a few apps: bacon-wrapped okra (4 pieces for $5), panko shrimp (3 shrimp hushpuppies for $8), and a side of 3 rice balls ($9) which were crispy on the outside. The panko shrimp came with a nice, spicy, sweet sauce with peanuts. It was pretty good. The bad: I had to ask for a water refill because our server disappeared, had to ask for soy sauce which I think it strange at an Asian restaurant, and I felt the food was overpriced. Yes, I know tapas means small plates but I felt the portions were smaller than I have gotten at other tapas restaurants. Maybe I am spoiled from Lola, who knows. But, I gave it three stars because I did like this place but wouldn't go bananas for it.
3	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):7 Food9 Service9 Atmosphere6 ValueI just haven't really had the desire to go back here.  Nothing was particularly bad, it was just that I don't feel like I got my money's worth.  Because I paid a lot of money.  And our dessert, though we were warned it was going to be small, was SMALL.  As in, i got a half bite, and she got a half bite, and then it was gone.  poof.The food was good, but nothing I was oohing and ahhing over.  I have to say the presentation makes it feel special though.I'd go back, but only on someone else's suggestion.  Otherwise I'll be at Breadfruit or PastaBar or Urban Grocery or Cibo or somewhere else downtown.
5	It is time I give credit, where credit is due.  Sens is a 5 star dining establishment.  Hands down.  If you don't think so we may have to go toe to toe.Bacon wrapped dates=Amazing!  Soup Gyoza=Addicting!  Green Papaya Spring Rolls=Refreshing!  Panko Shrimp=Guilty Pleasure!  Hot & Sour Soup=Well, HOT!  Sizzling Shrimp plate=T.A.S.T.Y.Really, it's not just the food.  The bartenders/servers have always been super attentive, personable, and know the food.  The atmosphere on a busier night with the door rolled up and perfect weather.  Priceless experience.I know everyone is always talking about how everyone is on Johnny's nuts, but come on, the dude is a super nice guy and knows how to put some damned tasty food together.
5	I now have a sixth Sens for delicious Asian tapas- a genre I never knew existed. I always assumed the best tapas disappeared when Aaron May sauteed Sol Y Sombra's last batch of butter-marinated brussels sprouts! Well, I was proven wrong when I hit up the ultra-cool Sens Asian Tapas & Sake on a Thursday night. Guests are greeted by electric blue lights, neon pink lotus blossom light fixtures and fresh beats courtesy of a hipster DJ, which transport the hungry to an intoxicating, fluorescent experiens filled with sauces, sakes, and spicy flavors they probably don't even know about yet. I tried three top-notch items:Wasabi Tofu- Hot, in every Sens of the word. Wasabi and 300-degree tempura crusties have the ability to burn you to your soul if you aren't careful. Don't skip it, just poke it with a chopstick or blow on it first. White Peach Juice and Vodka- Just like Japanese candy exchange students brought home in high school, it's one of those miraculous flavors most Americans will never have the opportunity to try. Light and sweet, but not overly so, it's a perfect blend you can sip all.night.long. (I did!)The best, by far, is the Hot & Sour Soup. It's nothing like the kind you get for .99 at Chinese restaurants as an appetizer. A Bilbo Baggins-ey cauldron arrives with a wooden ladle- among the various veggies and disc-shaped noodles is your choice of meat- I chose clams. I've always heard you can truly tell how talented a chef is by how tasty his soup is, and would have to agree. There's nothing to hide behind, and you're confronted by pure flavor. It was complex, different and mouthwatering.The whole Sens-ation was so genius, I even got past the embarrassment of Chef Johnny Chu snorting in my face for taking pics of my meal on my iPhone.
4	ME:    Of course I want to go to an Asian Topless bar.  Are you feeling ok Ash...I thought you hated topless bars?  AND ASIAN NONETHELESS....I never expected that from you!ASH:    Shut up...I said Asian TAPAS Bar! Not TOPLESS.ME: Damn!Darn my luck...a guy never gets to have any fun!!! It wasn't what I expected...but I was not disappointed.  It was great.The place was hip.  The staff was friendly.  The food was incredible.  The bill...well the bill was a bit high.  But overall it was a great experience.  We started snapping pics through dinner.  This motivated the Exec Chef and Owner lady to come sit next to us at the bar.  I felt kind of bad for drawing attention because the owner lady became very controlling with the staff and I was a bit uncomfortable for them.But overall...I would say this place is aw aw awesome.  Try it. Have a cocktail.  Eat some Tapas. Have some fun. Don't expect anyone to be topless though :-(
5	Deliciously amazing! Great quiet place!!! Must try Hot & Sour Soup!!!!
2	Sens used to be one of my favorite resturants. The food is good and I enjoyed it for something a little different lunch. But, recently they got a new male servier who looks like he hasn't showered in a week. He is the worse server i have ever had in my entire life. He forgets to get you what you requested, he is flat out rude without being apologetic what so ever and what was the last straw, he left me and my co-wokers waiting for 30 minutes without any water or service and completely ignoring us. After the 30 minutes we got up and he told us we were sitting at the  wrong table and told us to either move to the table or leave. He did not communicate this at all in the 30 minutes we waited and did not seem to care that all 9 of us stood up and walked out. I will never go back there again.
4	I actually haven't had any of the cocktails here yet but the menu looked really amazing. There are lots of sake cocktails and yummy-sounding martinis and they have a pretty good beer list, too.I had the tofu with red curry sauce and it was really good. I also had the oyster mushrooms which were also really good. I really like tapas as an idea, the small, inexpensive plates so you don't feel like you're spending a bunch of money even though you end up spending like fifty bucks. My friend happened to know the guy who was our waiter and he was very sweet. Overall I'd say it's a really great place to get a quick bite and have drinks with friends if you're feeling a little bit fancy.
5	Love, love, love Sens! Atmosphere, service and food are all 5 stars!Red Curry Tofu with a side of Jasmin Rice is THE BEST!!!!
5	Atmosphere = Amazing, love the decor!Food = words can't describe how much I loved everything! Portions are kept small so you enjoy multiple dishes; some are even prepared at your table.Service = our glasses were kept full and courses were brought out in a perfectly timed order!
5	I've been back to Sens three or four times since my original review and I've got to say, this place has risen above "It's just good for Phoenix" in my not-so-humble opinion. Here are the top three reasons why Sens is a kick-ass experience every time: *The drinks are just good. My glass of Sauvignon Blanc hit the spot with my spicy meal, the saketini with fruit flavors was good without being too sweet, and the Spicy Mama never failts to disappoint. *The food really hits the spot, especially after drinking. We went there on Christmas Day after a very extended brunch and on Saturday night after happy hour and everything tasted just right - savory, spicy, hearty. Just the kind of flavors you need to soak up the booze :). I will say, though, that the $2 price tag for the scoop of rice is a bit excessive. With all that great sauce, there really should be more rice for the price (yes, that rhymes). *The server we've had pretty much every time is very energetic and makes you feel like you're having a fun dining experience. She could be a bit more attentive once the meal's in progress, but I like her vibe. And, if you needed a fourth reason to love Sens, they just unveiled a brand new indoor-outdoor bar (getting rid of the little private room they had before), as well as an outdoor area with loungey furniture. The bar is gorgeous, with custom tilework and the whole look is just really sleek. Plus, they moved the DJ outside, which is a huge improvement over having him stuck in the corner by the hostess stand.
2	This place has good food, but all of the sauces taste the same.  It seems to be the same sauce put over different kinds of meat, over tofu, on salad and in soup.   if the point of the small plate menu is to allow guests to try a variety of menu items then menu items should actually taste differently from one another.That said, the atmosphere is fun and the service was good.  I would be willing to go again but will stick to the cheaper menu items on my second visit since they taste no different from the pricey ones.
4	I think I have started an affair. Sens, your exterior beauty and your witty personality has grabbed my attention wanting more. This restaurant has an absolutely cute little outdoor bar and seating area. Inside, Sens has a wall of creative art and the decor is modern and chic. On to the food . . . we ordered the lime beef, bacon wrapped figs, almond-crusted mahi, okra, and my favorite which was the lemongrass clams from the claypot. Creative dishes for one of the few Asian tapas places in Phoenix, great ambiance, and excellent service gives my affair with Sens 4 stars. The one gripe I have is that their tapas plates are super small portioned compared to other types of tapas. Nevertheless, I will return to make many more memories.
5	Love the small plates, it's fun to try a couple different dishes. The vegetarian red curry is my favorite. We've only gone on Friday or Saturday night and they always have great music. Very cool atmosphere.
2	Okay, right to the food... Being a fellow Asian, it was mediocre at best.  I will admit that it was at least tasty.  The tasty factor i would rate a 4.2-rating due to the price.  For basic southeastern Asian tapas, it should of been a fraction.  It was a fusion menu between Vietnamese, Thai, and Chinese.  I truly felt like I was ripped off.  I don't normally say that, but that's how I felt.The sake cocktails were also tasty but your still paying an arm and leg.  I'm pretty sure the extra cost goes to the rent/staff expense in downtown.The ambient was trendy, modern with artsy decorations on the walls.  A little fun fact, the Chef and cooks are all Asian, so atleast you know it will be made right.Overall, I would say this would be more of a place to get your sake fix than your asian food fix in a low-key, chilled setting.  Lastly, don't expect your appetite to fill up.
4	Sens is sexy and fun. I love the NEW outdoor bar seating. It provides a nice dynamic setting for conversation. This evening, there was a DJ playing some solid tracks, including a dope seemingly remixed Beck song. The food was good too. I had the Sugar Cane and Lemongrass Chicken; I'd recommend both. I'd call their menu Asian fusion. I met some rad and good-humored fellow Yelpers too! I'll be back.
4	I like small plates ("Asian tapas" just sounds like an oxymoron) restaurants, and Sens did not disappoint.  You can tell they pay attention to details by the menu holder on the side of the table (for when you drink too much and need to order another plate).  I was also very impressed with our server who carefully described the night's specials down to how each will be plated.  The overall service was really good and I think the owner constantly patrolling the joint has much to do with it.Now to the food.  It was above average, but nothing spectacular.  I agree with one review that all the sauces taste alike with different amounts of spiciness.  Nevertheless, I liked all the dishes my friend and I shared: tuna tartare, ground pork on sugar cane, duck salad, fried quail, and green tea cheesecake.  Some comments: the tuna chunks were too big to be considered a tartare, the duck salad was a little plain considering it has the same sauce as the tartare and the pork, and the pork portion is relatively big for those complaining about small plates.  The drink menu is extensive with a good selection of sake and cocktails.  I had a shochu drink which was tasty but got watered down by the ice really quickly.  My friend's saketini was also good.  Note to owner: you are not fooling anybody if every drink section is described as "potent".In general, I thought the prices and portion sizes are comparable to other small plates restaurants.  The experience was good for a night out, and I will definitely return.  However, some foodies may be disappointed.
4	This started as our "go to" spot for dinner before events downtown, but it has graduated to borderline addiction status!  Aside from the amazing sake list, cool atmosphere, and good service, the food is not only fun but delish!! Two things we ALWAYS order (and I'll confess we order two of each of these... don't judge me :)!!!), sugar cane pork and soup gyoza.  Both contain pork, (obviously with the sugar cane) and are completely different but out of this world! The gyoza (dumplings) actually have soupy broth inside them!!!  The claypot Red Curry Tofu is spicy and delicious, and the Lemongrass chicken is the perfect cooling compliment! Make sure to ask for a side of rice (or two as they are on the small side) to go with the tofu! If your in the mood for something completely different, take the time to track Sens down and come hungry!!!  LOVE LOVE LOVE :)
5	I'll admit, Sens had to grow on me.  The first time I went I thought it was just okay, but willing to go back.  It was a cool environment. Upon going back with some girlfriends and "researching" the menu, I can't say enough good things about it! I love the place.  Let me recommend the Red Curry Tofu (doesn't matter if you "do" tofu" its amazing) and the Sugar Cane.  Order the Sugar Cane last because its the best thing there.  One particular evening we had exceptional service from a Kelton.  We told him we were going to a show and he had us enjoying our food and sake and out the door in record time.  Much appreciated.
5	Great culture infused food. LARGE selection of different tapas and they've all pleased my pallet when no other asian tapas restaurant has. I love the cocktails served and the service is always above par.
3	Very good offerings and dishes were also flavorful. Came here a little after 5 so I can't really comment on the late night ambiance, although the seats quickly filled up by 6. We ordered the shrimp hot and sour soup, white fish, 2 orders of the bacon wrapped mint shrimp, 2 orders of the sesame tofu, napa rolls, papaya mango salad, vegetable eggrolls, lemongrass soy, soba noodles and oyster mushrooms. Everything tasted great, although for $75 we expected a lot more. Might come back again to try the lunch menu.
5	It has been a year-and-a-half since my last review update, and I still cannot get enough of Sens. I'm here at least 2-3 times a month, sometimes even twice a week!I really appreciate the love and dedication that Johnny puts into his craft. He cares about the quality and taste of every meal that comes out of his kitchen, the way his staff interacts with customers, and the overall ambiance of the restaurant. I think he has mastered this craft.Being a vegan I have a plethora of options, which makes me very happy! The mango papaya spring rolls are incredibly refreshing and pair well with the spicy peanut chili sauce, the wasabi tofu is a great crunchy and spicy transition into the incredibly flavorful Hong Kong Flat Rice (I add tofu) or Spicy Saigon with Tofu. Both dishes are loaded with snow peas, cauliflower, onions, and carrots and tons of flavorful sauce in a skillet with crunchy tofu.Another chart topper for me is the hot and sour soup with tofu. Try the sweet chili sauce that comes on the side for a sweet, spicy, and salty adventure! The red tofu curry is amazing as well. VERY filling. I'm a huge fan of the plain 'ol vodka tonic, but love that they infuse their own vodkas with a variety of things like chili's and lychee. Dallas G LOVES the "hot and dirty" and I am also a fan of the "Cucumber chill." Although I cannot drink beer anymore, the White Ale is a chart topper.They also have a great selection of Sake. I took part in their sake tasting last night and became a fan of several new sakes! We downed a bottle of Pure Dawn and were really excited to see the discount after partaking in the tasting! Bonus!Overall, Sens is definitely my favorite restaurant. The food, the drinks, the love.... and we know all of the waiter/tresses so it makes for an even better experience!PS... Still love the bathrooms ;-)
5	I fell in love with Sens ! We went for our anniversary and the food and service were excellent! Yelpers are right... the sugar cane is sooo good! We tried Hongkong wonton (spicy and sour,.. great combination in chili soy), mint duck salad (refreshing and tender meat, perfect). We ordered 4 dishes for the two of us and it is more than enough. the last one we ordered is a crispy chicken with special rub (only that week they have), they are excellent! The server, Kelton, was super helpful, he asked us if this is your first time and he gave us a lot of good recommendation. I would definitely come again. It is great for a date,..
4	Did a sake tasting here, learned alot, and enjoyed the bar service.  The best tofu I have had.  Although a veggie, I'm not a huge tofu fan, but will most definitely go back for the tofu.  Only downfall, NO SUSHI!  Argh!  Still loved the tofu!  Table service had a lot to be desired...
5	Delicious! Excellent menu variation. Gotta love places that are open later!
4	I have only been to Sens once, but it definitely made its impression.To my husbands disappointment I am not a huge fan of Asian food. I enjoy it, but I don't live for it. My husband on the other hand could eat it morning noon and night. Another contrast of our relationship is his love for all things seafood, and my resistance to eat anything that didn't grown up on land. Despite these two short comings of my own, I was able to thoroughly enjoy Sens. I scanned the menu for everything chicken, beef, or pork and made my decisions from that. I ended up with the 5 spiced wings, the spicy wonton, and the sugar cane pork. I have to admit I could of probably eaten about 50 of the spicy wonton. Crispy and delicious, and not to spicy for my pregnant palette.  The five spiced wings did not wow me and I ended up passing them along to the husband who devoured them. The wing itself lacked the crisp in the skin that I was looking for. The sugar can pork was interesting it was like a meat ball formed around a stick of sugar cane.I am not a pro at ordering tapas- I never know how much I really need to order. 3 plates ended up being more than I could handle, thankfully my husband was there to help. This is a great place to enjoy a drink with friends, order for the table, and settle in to share the experience.
4	The food is always excellent and they have a fantastic selection of sake.BUTThey're often out of the items that I would like to order.  That disappoints me.
3	I'm glad Sens is here, but I wish it were better. I've been here a ton of times and used to go to Fate. I like that the portions are small enough to share (tapas) but even sitting here I can't really remember anything outstanding that was like no other I'd had before. We used to live in the LA and Asian food is more common there, so maybe I'm too critical. I'm glad Sens is here but I just wish it were better.
3	A nice little walk from my apartment, this place is a cute little restaurant off 1st street. The decor and ambience are pleasing, with a DJ that plays the kind of music I prefer. The wait staff are attentive and friendly, with constant refills of the water and help with the menu.I've only been here once, but I'll give it another try. The fried tofu triangles with the spicy ginger sauce were tasty. The spring roll that was called mango papaya had no flavors of mango or papaya whatsoever, although I did detect mint. The flavorings were delicious, but the spring roll was just kind of bland.
2	I expected better. When I first heard of Sen's concept ...Asian fusion tapas...I was really excited. It turned out to be nothing more than mediocre mixed Asian dishes in tiny portions. The Soup Gyoza is equivalent to something I can buy at Lee Lee's. The Ginger Mint Duck Salad was not very memorable. They flavors didn't come together and I didn't like the way they cooked the duck.There were a few dishes I thought were pretty good. Go for the Lemongrass Clams and the Volcano Flamed is fun to eat (cooked on hot stone).Conclusion - don't come if you expect great food. Not worth the high price they are charging. Come for the hip ambiance, live DJ, and specialty sake cocktails with friends.
5	I don't think there is a single thing I indulged in here that wasn't insanely delicious.I had been eying it since I dined at The Turf next door. It's right up my ally! The most remarkable items to me were the soup dumplings and this spicy shrimp dish! Oh, and the red curry wings. It's simply too drool worthy to get over, at least for me. A lot of the meals are spicy, so if you can't take heat, be careful with what you select! I haven't had their lunch menu yet,. but I hear it's all spicy!Anticipate small plates for dinner - tapas. I like to share with someone. The atmosphere is a great place for a date, and the DJ they have in the evenings isn't too loud or intrusive upon your dining experience. The service is great - you don't have to worry about ever flagging down your waiter. It's a small, cozy restaurant that is great for events where you desire good conversation over good food! I'd go again, and a million more times, if i could.
4	Been here twice.  Loved the first time and would say it was incredible.  The second visit was maybe half as good.  The second visit was late and our waitress put on her fake smile when she walked over but completely turned before your eyes as she left the table to go to the bar.  She left our food out to sit right in front of us.  The kitchen called it out, she turned and saw it was out, kept bullshitting with her friends at the bar, came over 4 or 5 minutes later, and brought our cold food. Nice.  Let's go back to the first time when it was good.  It was early and there was a knowledgeable guy as our server.  He knew the dishes and sake and was geniune.  Imagine that.  The miso with white fish, spicy shrimp special, fried quail, and sake were all great.  We had other items but just can't remember.  Will go back but making it early so we can go back to the first experience.
2	Eh...  Maybe this place is just too sophisticated for my palate.Hubby and I came here for lunch last Monday.  I ordered the Shabu style Hot and Sour soup with tofu, and hubby ordered the sugar cane pork spare ribs and chili lime beef.The soup was alright, but not very substantial.  It came with a variety of vegetables, some japanese vegetable I cannot even begin to spell, mushrooms, baby corn, and tomatoes.  I must admit, the hot house tomatoes sort of threw me off.  Because it said Shabu style, i had envisioned something more, more noodles and tofu for dipping perhaps?  Anyway, I definitely would not order that dish again.The chili lime beef was actually a beef carpaccio, more lime than chili.  Not that I have anything against carpaccio, but there was nothing on the menu to indicate it would be carpaccio style, and I feel like that is something you should disclose.  The sugar cane pork definitely stole the show.  They were tangy and sweet, and extremely tasty.  However one winner out of three just isn't enough to make me want to come back.
5	Love it even though this place is so packed and loud.All the food are delicious especially the soup (I think it called shabu).However, just a little comment - I need more rice please.
5	I love the fact that the menu is constantly changing. If you've been before, you need to return, because there is always something new and tasty to try!  I was back in again, and happy to report that the cuisine was still stellar. New Musts to try:- Bacon wrapped...Anything (take your pick: Okra; Beech Mushrooms; Lychee)- Beef carpaccio (marinated in lime)
5	Sens=delicious.  Not to be rude, but if your idea of fine dining is cracker barrel, this is not the place for you.  If however, you enjoy innovative, fresh, and perfectly portioned tapas-style meals then this could be your new favorite spot.  The fried tofu is especially out of this world delicious, and perfect!  Not soggy, and not cornmealy or battery...if you've ever tried to make fried tofu, or you've ordered it at other places, you know what I mean.  Hot and sour soup is also excellent and a refreshing change of pace from the brown sludge you'll find on the menu at other places.  Prices are very reasonable, and you'll likely have the pleasure of seeing Johnny as he grabs waters, brings out food, and otherwise performs quality  control.  Excellent service as well.  On a side note, it is a tad loud, and the seating is usually close to other people, but these are details I'm willing to deal with.  Try it out-you won't be disappointed!
5	I finally got the chance to eat at Sens for the first time and loved every single dish we ordered which totaled nine plus rice. The Hong Kong dumplings and flat rice were our favorites. Chef Johnny even comes to each table to make sure that you are enjoying your food. Every time I return to Phoenix I will make sure to sample more dishes at this wonderful establishment. Good job Chef!
2	5 stars for the taste of the food.2 stars for service.YIKES.I'm allergic to peanuts.  I told the lady server this from the get-go, and she confidently stated she'd let the kitchen know and assured that no peanuts would reach the table.Of the 8 dishes we ordered, 7 were brought to the table garnished with peanuts.  7!Each time, the server would apologize and blame it on the kitchen.  I would be inclined to believe her, if it weren't for the crap service she provided otherwise.  We constantly had empty drinks, and at one point, during a particularly spicy dish, we ended up having to flag her down out of desperation.The food did taste great though.  Too bad I'll never come back because of the service/peanut concerns.
5	Too long.......it took me way too long to make it to Sens. Sens is what we need more of in Phoenix!Seated promptly on a Friday night by Johnny Chu himself, Johnny Chu really has put together a winner here, Johnny Chu.....alright, I admit it...I like saying his name!The Asian tapas idea is new to me, having dined at some great Tapas places from Chicago to Vegas,  but alas never an Asian tapas joint. I must say no Spanish tapas place ever made me feel like Sens did (except the time I drank a pitcher of Sangria)!The Tofu dishes are amazing. How do you learn to love Okra? Get it at Sens. The Hong Kong rice noodles were not what I was expecting so I was a little taken back by them looking like a plateful of water chestnuts. One taste was all that was needed to cure my trepidations about the flavor - fantastic!I will be back to Sens Tapas & Sake Bar soon - do you think you could invent an "Asian Sangria"? C'mon Johnny, I know you can do it!
5	Delicious! My boyfriend and I enjoy all of the food here. I like that they offer several "mini" courses.  A bit pricey, but worth it. Staff is always very friendly.
4	My mom & I had dinner here Sunday night before heading to a show. The show started at 6:30 so we got there right at 5 when they opened. This place is super tiny but I liked the decor & where we were seated there was a huge heart mural thingy, I dug it. I didn't care for the bathroom (yes not plural, because there is only one!) though, I tried to check my makeup & you can't see a thing in there! Even though I am not a martini person I decided to order one since they had such an extensive list. I decided on the violet one. From the description it sounded good but omg it was horrible. I tried to down it but finally but mom told our server I didn't like it but we'd gladly pay for it. He said that it was one if their more unique concoctions & then he brought out a karma something martini (how nice) & I liked it much better! For our dinner we ordered the following: lemongrass soy chicken, sugar cane pork w/pineapple ginger sauce, pineapple ginger tofu, papaya mango spring rolls, bacon wrapped mushrooms & a side of jasmine rice. The stand outs for me were the chicken & pork, especially the pork it was amazing! I am not a tofu person but I have to admit theirs was good. My mom loved the spring rolls, tofu & pork as well.
4	Sens is pretty dang good.  Nice, upbeat atmosphere, young crowd (21-40) and yes the food is good.  The prices are a little too high for the size of the portion you get.
4	Well it almost feels redundant at this point after 168 reviews posted for Sens, but for the love of sriracha this place was spectacular! Once I got over the drool from reading the menu and actually tried several of the vegetarian options, I started scheduling my next visit. Holy thai basil, the flavors were impressive. The taste was comforting and exotic at the same time and the dishes very visually pleasing.The house infused vodkas and shochu are delicious. Paired with the swanky semi-punk vibe, you've got a nice cocktail to wash down that sesame tofu. I did take one star for the disappointing okra. Is that fair to take away a whole star for a vegetable nobody like anyway? I don't know. I love okra and I'm sad it wasn't given a fair presentation. I'll definitely be bringing my out-of-towners here to show case the fancy food and funky atmosphere in Phoenix.
5	Love everything about Sens. Great drinks, amazing food, unique vibe, and cozy outdoor/indoor bar. Our first choice on date night!
4	I'm guilty, I judged this book by its cover. I avoided Sens for a year or more because it seemed likely to be one of those first mover, overrated downtown spots gathering praise for its location and hipness rather than the underlying quality...WRONG. First off, it is a great space with at least 5 distinct spaces. There is the large bar and main dining room buzzing with conversation and sounds from the DJ. There is the outside patio and access to the side bar (but no heat outside). There is a small sitting area...on my night, mostly occupied by the DJ. And then, there is the gem...the side bar tucked away to the left of the main bar. It has a darker ambiance with a large garage door to the outside. It is the kind of space that instantly had me say -- I swear I have seen this place on Bourdain when he went to Japan. I personally would sit nowhere else. It's cozy, just dark enough, and sexy...plus you are just steps away from the buzz of the main room. So, there I sat, already a fan of the space, then I opened the drink list. Wow. Fantastic sake list. I asked, do you have any unfiltered sake, and the bartender started to list off a good half dozen or more nigori sakes, a pleasant change from the usual response of...yes, we have this one. Add to that, creative cocktails and a very good Japanese beer selection and it's worth a stop just for those things. But...then, there is the creative food. The ginger mint duck salad...well, I love duck, and this dish is a light refreshing take on duck, a great start. The quail, cool presentation, great flavor, but be warned, it is clearly a small bird and there is no hiding that. The bacon lychee, odd, creative, but probably not worth a second try. Then...the sugar cane pork...fantastic! Once again, Bourdain comes to mind, because this is simply porkalicious...a good balance of sauce and slightly fatty pork flavor with the perfect texture. About the only bad point was the DJ spinning Dave Matthews with some dance beats...ummm, no...don't do that. Also, the bathroom light is blue, and combined with the bar frogs, it could cause a nasty flashback, but assuming you are over those moments, it's a nice quirk.
3	Sure the place has atmosphere and a good drink menu, but I prioritize the eats. We went on a Monday night for a friend's birthday with a semi-large group and they did a prixe-fix menu. I left hungry after paying more than the meal deserved. The bad: Shumai was just ok, duck mint salad had an unharmonious flavor and I refused to eat it, chicken with wasabi sauce was dried out, lychee wrapped bacon was soggy and a strange proportion, cream and goat cheese dessert with peach was not fun. The good: the Hong Kong rice noodles and fried tofu with pinapple sauce were the highlights and only things I would eat again. They were really tasty. But I won't be eating them again, because I don't plan to go back. I'm sure there's some gems here, as we found a few, but I need a better batting average and, oh, I dunno, to leave full with a few bucks left in my wallet?
3	I really wanted to love Sens, but I ended up closer to just liking it. Yes, the patio looks cool....and who doesn't have some secret attraction to the soft sexy glow of hot pink lighting, but aside from all that it's just a hip looking space with over priced average "Asian tapas". Don't get me wrong, it's great for late night nip and nosh sessions,  but the food is just not impressive enough to put on regular rotation. Kind of fell into the 'St. Francis' category for me. Here's the rub: AMBIANCEThis is where Sens shines. Hip little space downtown, great lighting, awesome vibe. Impressive place to take out-of-towners for drinks after shows and such to prove to them that Phoenix is cool, too.   SERVICENot bad, the waiter was prompt and efficient. Friendly and warm would be reaching. FOODThe chic mini tapas sized portions are fun, and look adorable. However, other than the clay pot dishes, they are pretty petite so plan to order plenty if you're sharing with a large group. The prices don't translate into the wonderfulness in every bite that you would expect. I dropped $150 for dinner and drinks for a table of 3. It's good, but not genius. Also, my sake was room temperature. Serve me my bottom shelf sake warm and the premium stuff chilled, but for the LOVE of God....not room temperature. Please.OVERALLFun, hip, visually impressive spot with OK, but very overpriced food. Good for late night drinks and snacks. Bad for actual meals. If you're looking for inspired, truly delicious Asian cuisine with an equally impressive atmosphere try Nobu at Teeter House.
5	The last time I was here I went with two female co-workers who were mildly obsessed with the idea of me dating our waiter. I'm no stranger to objectifying cute male wait staff (cough*Roka Akor*cough), but even I felt uncomfortable for him after he had to endure approximately 3 hours of merciless cougar flirting followed by loud encouragement for me to take a more active approach to my dating life by hitting on him. I felt like I was having dinner with my two pimps, but he was a total pro about it and it ended up being an incredible meal!I had been to Sens once before where I had the most amazing Pimm's Cup ever. I freaking love Pimm's Cups, and only a handful of places in Phoenix serve them, so when I get a good one, I remember it vividly (well, as vividly as i can remember things that occur on patios at 1:00 AM on a Saturday).  After going for dinner a few weeks ago, I had the same thing and it was just as good, even though I wasn't nearly as drunk as I was the first time. Since my BAC fluctuates like Kirstie Alley's waistline, that's about all the consistency I can ask for.We ordered a ton of food, which seems to mostly be served small-plate style with 4 or 5 servings per order. This is perfect for me, because I tend to get bored easily and after a few bites of the same thing, I'm ready for something else (this might explain why my co-workers feel the need to take control of my dating life).  Everything we ordered was fantastic! We started off with sizzling shrimp in a spicy red sauce. The shrimp was perfect and sauce was actually spicy. Nothing pisses me off more than when restaurants cater to the wimpy masses by having their "Spice-O-Meter" equivalent to that of a kindergartner with an ulcer. The soup gyoza, bacon wrapped dates, sugar cane pork, and bacon wrapped okra were all just as good.  For dessert we had bacon-wrapped lychees (bacon was clearly the theme of the evening) and it was pretty much the perfect conclusion to the fantastic meal.Even though I've only been to Sens twice, it's slowly creeping up my list of favorite restaurants in Phoenix and will probably only continue to climb as I visit more often. Maybe next time I won't bring my pimps (but no promises).
4	This was a great find.  Very friendly staff and a great atmosphere.  Their specialty drinks are very refreshing and unique.  I haven't tried a lot on the menu yet which I have to stick to 4 stars for the moment, but I plan on going back for dinner and will re-post.
3	[Value 3 stars, Food, Flavors, Service and Ambiance 4+ stars]I have been here several times for drinks but last night was my first night for food. Quite tasty but with some dishes you have to be careful....if you blink you will miss the food.  Yes, the menu does say small plates but I still think adding how many pieces come with the order would be nice.  Each bite was very tasty we decided to order a few dishes to share between 4 of us.  It is easier with some dishes than others.  The bacon wrapped shrimp came 2 per order (expecting 4 for the size and price). If the shrimp had been the side of the bacon wrapped shrimp at Phoenix City Grill I wouldn't be nagging. The Spicy wontons came in 4 per order with enough sauce for at least 8.  We asked for extra crisps for the carpaccio beef salad, it only came with 4 crisps, 8 crisps worked perfectly for the amount of salad in the bowl.   The spicy seared shrimp was great.  There were about 10 pieces in a wonderfully fragrant and spicy sauce.We ordered 2 small bottles of sake and those shared well.
4	Before you're put off by other reviewers saying the portions are too small, keep in mind that this place serves tapas. It's in the name. If you don't know what tapas are, they are appetizers... snacks, if you will.  If you keep in mind that this place is absolutely amazing for having some delicious drinks and great grub on the side, then you will most likely enjoy it.Now, having satisfied my rant, I'll get to the nitty-gritty. Ambiance:    The place looks cool. The lighting is low, set off with cherry blossom pink lanterns and back lighting. There are table settings for both small and large groups and the DJ, for the most part, plays some pretty chill music. You can definitely have a conversation in here without feeling like you were at a concert the next day.Food and Drinks:    I enjoyed just about everything that my group of 5 had ordered. We ordered the Spicy Wonton, Volcano Flamed, Ginger-Mint Duck Salad, Kara-age Soy, Miso with fish, Pineapple Ginger Tofu, and Sesame Tofu. I could have done without the Kara-age Soy: it's flash fried chicken and wasabe. There was very little meat on the bone and it was kind of flavorless. Everything else though was tasty (my fave being the wonton). Most of these dishes had at least 4 pieces and all of them were less than $10 each. I don't think they even serve any food that costs more than $10.    We shared 2 bottles of nigori (they're sake menu is great). We did have to ask the waiter to bring out something so we could ice the sake though. I also had something the bartender made up for me, which was a simple lychee infused vodka with pomegranate juice - that was absolutely delicious.Service:   Our server was friendly and pretty funny. He was quick and very helpful with the menu selections. He came around pretty much when we needed him and didn't linger unless one of us was cracking a joke with him.I'll definitely be back again for some drinks and snacks with more of my friends.
4	I had no idea how much I would like Asian Tapas, but they were pretty darn good.  I am a fairly adventurous diner, which definitely is preferable at Sens, though my less-adventurous dining partner still found many items to try and share. My favorite items were the chicken and cheese wontons, Hong Kong Noodles, and Pineapple-Ginger fried tofu.  Ohhh... that tofu was something magical - and I got it all to myself!  The lemongrass chicken was also good, though I would probably get something a little more exciting next time.  I wasn't a big fan of the mango-papaya spring rolls or the 5-spice chicken wings.  The skin on the wings was rubbery and kind of off-putting, so we didn't end up finishing those.  Be warned about the sauces that accompany most of the tapas - they are HOT!  I love spicy foods, but still found that scooping out some of the chili paste before mixing the sauces together was necessary, so I didn't light my mouth on fire.  We finished with the green-tea cheesecake, and were pleasantly surprised at the flavor.  Tasty, and not too sweet.  The lychees on top were a nice touch.We had fantastic service, despite arriving on First Friday without a reservation.  We enjoyed sitting at the bar, though we will remember to call ahead for a table next time.  I'm glad that I was finally able to try Sens, and look forward to returning.
5	This was one of my favorite dinners while I visited Phoenix!  I was in a group of 7 people and we allowed our chef to bring us out whatever he wanted.  Tapas are so fun in large groups because you can try a bite of everything on the menu, and then reorder your favorites... which is exactly what we did!  Pretty much everything was absolutely delicious!  The place is small, but the service is good and the atmosphere is great, and the food is amazing.   I was with a group of big firemen, and it took some arm-twisting to get them to agree to an asian-fusion tapas restaurant.  (they are more burgers/pizza/steak guys)  The only complaint was that even after ten tapas, we were all still really hungry.    Luckily, they LOVED the food and after a lot of ordering and a fairly large bill, we  left full and happy.  In fact, they are still talking about what an excellent dinner choice we made while we were in Phoenix.  I love this place and I wish there was one in Houston!
4	Went here with a group of friends and followed the "everyone order 2 things" recommendation of our friendly, helpful waiter. Everything was tasty, with a couple standout items. Bacon wrapped lychee - amazing. Spicy shrimp special thing - also incredibly. There was really only a couple things that were just OK (I've never been a huge fan of spring rolls in the first place). The pace was perfect and the staff was attentive. All in all, a great experience for a group.
5	My favorite restaurant in Phoenix. Delicious, affordable, fun. I want to go every weekend, and have probably eaten here 10 times in several months. Get the Hot and Sour Soup and the Sugar Cane Pork. You won't be disappointed. I also love the Hong Kong Flat Rice, Spicy wontons (filled with pepperjack cheese and chicken with wasabi dipping sauce), and "Volcano Flamed" beef. The food is very spicy and not for the faint of heart. You will drink a lot of water with dinner, but that's okay because water is good for you. It's also a good balance to the delicious martinis that the bar concocts. Favorites include the Sweet Karma (really not that sweet lychee martini) and Hot and Dirty (habanero infused dirty martini). We just had my fiance's 35th birthday party here. I made reservations on Thursday for dinner on Saturday night. The restaurant was fantastic for a big group (20 persons). Rather than order classic "tapas style," I chose some of my favorites and the chef created a 6 course dinner for us at a set price-point per person (no confusion once the check arrives). Service was phenomenal, and all of our guests fell in love with the restaurant and the food. I think I may have converted a whole new group of people to Sens-ophiles.
5	I can't believe it took me this long to get to Sens.  I admit I was a tiny bit daunted because everything I had heard was that it was uber slick and cool and maybe a little attitude-ish.  The truth is that it IS slick and cool, but awesomely friendly with a great vibe.My friends and I went for a sake tasting and ended up having 9 of the tapas selections and a couple bottles of sake to boot.  Of the 9 dishes we sampled, every singe one was a hit!Some of the standouts were the edamame with truffle butter (!), the duck and mint salad, the pork buns, the short ribs (!!), the quail, and the beech mushrooms wrapped in bacon (OMGGGGG!!)Our server was awesome and Johnny, the owner, visited our table often, checking to see if we were enjoying ourselves.  Johnny chatted at length with us out on the patio also.  He's a gracious host with a real vision.I worry because of how many wonderful downtown restaurants are failing right now.  This one is so wonderful (and really affordable for truly mind-blowing quality).  Everyone should visit and sample some of this awesome food in a very cool setting!
5	Went to Sens on Saturday night - took the light rail - very convenient. We started with drinks - ginger martini was delicious and everyone of the wine selections was good. We started with edamame with truffle butter - I could have left and been happy with that. Hot & Sour soup was just the right combination of heat and flavor. We shared pork dumplings and vegetable noodles and went away very satisfied.The waiter was very helpful and attentive. Good music too.I will definately go back.
4	The deliciousness of their hot & sour soup will forever haunt my dreams. (Dramatic much?) Seriously, the food is really great. Edamame in truffle butter is a great start to the meal and just like Chu's Fate, the flat rice noodles are amazing. Wish I could give 3 1/2 stars because our server was a little weird and standoffish and the bathrooms were way gross but I will round up to a 4 because the food is that good.
5	delicious, good DJ tonight
2	The decor changed but the service didn't ..unfortunately!  So I've been here before on a first friday late night, it's great if you are with a small group of people and want a drink and something small to eat that's spicy.  However, this time around, I was with a bigger group  (8) and the service was totally below par..can you tell me when I'm getting my other dish..server.."Um.I don't know, I'm just serving"  ....and the food, yeah it's good if you want everything with chile oil sauce in it.  The tofu with sesame sauce was good, but still spicy like everything else that we had that evening.  Very disappointing for the price of each tapas.
3	We came here after the GIANTS spring training game.  The DJ spinning the tunes had some pretty good beats.  There isn't much open late, but luckily we were able to find this on yelp.We ordered a number of tapa's plates such as the tofu, edamame, pork buns, Xiao lum bao's, Miso soup, spicy noodles,  spicy shrimp, and a few others.  It was good, but not fabulous.  It seems like they use the same style when trying to make their dishes spicy.  It had the same spice to it each time, so the chef should change this up.  Overall the price is okay.  The drinks weren't that good,  my wife said her drink wasn't very good.  I don't think I will come back here as there are much better fusion places in places like CA and NY.  But I guess for PHX, it's okay.
3	A nice variety of asian plates are offered in this place. Not the best ones I have tried in all categories but if you want variety this is a good place.
4	Great spot in downtown.  We visited for lunch and they mistakenly gave us a dinner menu.  We didn't get to order from that, but it definitely put it in our minds that we need to return at night.  For lunch we started with the gyoza.  These were very nice.  I had the curry dish.  Excellent.  Reasonable portions.  I only would have wanted for a little more rice to mix in with the left over curry sauce.
5	I went here for my birthday a few months ago and was completely floored by the taste of the food. Amazing.I liked that it was a tapas style restaurant because my Dad and his girlfriend don't (usually) have big appetites, although my husband and I do.We loved the atmosphere as soon as we walked in. We ordered some delicious sake. And we ordered a little bit of everything. I thought the vegetarian selection was decent. I can't remember exactly what we ordered but I remember us all ravenously digging into every plate, then greedily waiting for the next. The flavors were phenomenal. We HAD to have more. We ordered another round of tapas and sake. More gluttony followed. My Dad and his girlfriend ate like pigs. But even after about a dozen small plates we weren't filled.My only complaint is the huge bill at the end. $140. But I do take responsibility for not keeping track of the mounting expense. The small plates seem reasonably priced but you need to order enough to get fill your stomach. Again we loved the atmosphere. I loved the erotic art by the bathroom. My Dad scoffed, "That's nothing new. Same shit I saw in the '60's." Whatever. My Dad claims he has already seen everything before... at least he was impressed by the food.I will definitely be back. And give their happy hour a try to relieve some of the burden off my wallet.
4	This place is awesome! The food is very good and is great for bar hopping, hence the tapas.  One of the best things here is the beer selection from Japan and the dining experience.  The music is real chill and the staff are quaint.  Probably even better is the price, although the portions are small and if you want to eat something to fill you, not going to happen here.. Do try the hong kong flat rice
3	the kitchen does not stay open til 12am, only the bar.  kitchen closed @ 11pm. just a heads up for anyone who's heading there for late night eats like we did.
4	Do not bring your appetite to Sens as the portions are tiny (Thus, tapas). However, do bring your taste buds because everything on the menu is delicious.  The decor is so fresh, and the patio is the best seat in the house if it isn't too hot outside. This place is great for small groups of two to four, but the portion sizes are just not accommodating for groups any larger than that. Unless you plan on ordering multiples of each dish.Our waiter was very knowledgeable about both sake and the Canadian TV show Trailer Park Boys. He really took the time to explain the menu and joke around with us. This was a great place to celebrate a birthday or other event because it is has an intimate feel, and it is centrally located to other bars and entertainment.  Menu highlights: sweet wontons, garlic edamame, Mango Monkey cocktail
3	a solid 3 stars for this one today. just went last night after hearing 2 friends of mine rave about it for months. higher expectations could've lost this one a star but noentheless, i will be back but only when invited. I love love love the tapas idea and feel like that concept is lacking here in Phx (like many concepts). Everything I had was either a great texture or great taste. Started with shrimp salad which tasted like the usual side salad you would get at a sushi house but cost $9 for 2 bites per person. The fried tofu/peanut sauce was pretty outstanding. The fried tofu curry over rice was extremely tasty, the flat rice "dough" was a good change of pace and the cornerstone of the meal was the pork dumplings. The waiter/bartender (kelley?) was outstanding, very patient and very courteous. Good area, easy to get to for downtown, great night on the patio... but for whatever reason i didnt leave *knowing* i would be back. $44 for 4 people and we were all pretty satisfied.
5	Went back for lunch last week, just as good in the daylight. The Vietnamese coffee after lunch was a real treat, I suggest that everyone try it!
4	Sens has a great flavor.  I have been there a few times now, and always leave planning my next trip back.  Last night was my most recent visit which once again did not disappoint.  If you enjoy a little bit of heat their sizzling shrimp dish (which is not on the menu) delivers with a kick!  Full of onions, spices, and great flavor I order this dish with a side of jasmine rice.  This was my first time trying the spicy wontons which were also very tasty.  The best part of this dish was the dipping sauce that came with it.  The sauce has a drizzle of wasabi on top, so if you don't like the nostril burn it causes give it a good stir!  The pineapple ginger tofu comes with a delicious ginger dipping sauce, and is a great option for vegetarians.  Just a tip...if you order any of the tofu dishes BE SURE to poke holes in the tofu to let the steam escape.  This was the second time I burned myself when I bit into it.Sens also delivers great flavor in their drinks.  Last night I had the "Lust" martini which is a citron vodka and cranberry.  They aren't cheap with the booze either, always a plus when spending $10 dollars on a drink.  The strawberry basil martini has always been popular with my friends and I as well.Lastly, for dessert we had an order of the sweet wontons filled with both goat and cream cheese and drizzled with a peach puree sauce.  The flavor combinations is amazing.  The portion size is disappointing.  It's literally 2 tiny bite size wontons.  Great for a taste, but if you have a definite sweet tooth this dish may not take care of it entirely.  I highly recommend Sens, especially with a small group which will allow for trying more dishes and flavors!
1	I ended up walking out of this place without even ordering. It was way too pretentious masked as artsy for me. This is one of those restaurants operated by people who think their you-know-what sounds like roses and just because they call appetizers "tapas" they can charge an arm and a leg for them. If you want to discuss the dichotomy of society and the benefits of Mao while you pick at a single morsel of duck cooked in the tears of Republicans, this is the place for you. If you want food, go somewhere else.
4	If an alcoholic beverage could be described as beautiful tasting then Sens' moonstone coconut lemongrass sake earns it. I'm a fan of unfiltered sake and this one was delicious tasting, smelling.The Wasabi Tofu was also excellent. I was skeptical of the dessert wonton, but I enjoyed it's subtle sweetness.
4	If you love flavor you'll love Sens!  I wouldn't come to this place hungry but they do offer dishes that will satisfy your taste buds. Pineapple Ginger tofu with ginger dipping sauce is awesome!  But be careful, these tiny squares come piping hot!  Poke holes in the tofu to help cool them off.  The Spicy Wontons are a great addition. This dish comes with a ginger sauce and wasabi dipping sauce which give the wontons more flavor.  My favorite dish and its not on the menu is the Sizzling Shrimp.  This dish packs some fire!  Your mouth will be on fire but its worth the taste.  Drinks are amazing!  I highly recommend Lust, with Svedka Citron vodka, raspberry puree, and fresh lime.  Strawberry Basil is my second favorite.  For dessert, I tried the Sweet Wontons.  Goat & cream cheese wonton in a peach puree sauce....yum!  I loved this dessert but it left me wanting more.  Only two tiny wontons complete this dish.  I would get this dish again if they would throw more wontons on the plate or make them bigger.  Great local place in Central Phoenix.  For a First Friday night it was pretty quiet.  I would visit this place again for the great bites and interesting atmosphere.
5	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!  We came early so it was quiet, but this place is a foodies dream! Original food combinations, amazing martinis and a waitstaff that is very competent and funny. Don't be afraid to take risks.
5	Here is what we had to say on our 100 things to do in downtown Phoenix post on Sens:WOW! Just the sweetest little place with masterful asian delights. The portions are small so you can try several things. Yumm with a double "M". Usually a great music mix going on as well.
5	Spicy Wontons!!!
1	I am not a fan of this place. I like to try to stay positive though so here is my attempt a the proverbial "positive sandwich"Top Bun: The location is fantastic. I really like where it is, its a cute little place that is very easy to find.The Meat of the Matter: The food here is odd. I am very open to trying new things and experiencing different cultures. As I have mentioned in other reviews, I love all types of food from all over the world. I didn't care for this place. I ordered an appetizer that was wrapped in a banana leaf and i honestly thought I was eating an ashtray. It wasn't good. The pad thai that I sampled was very lifeless. I had a friend get a big bowl of soup that looked good but i didn't try it. Lettuce, onions pickles, tomato: The service was not good. I sat at the bar the first time I went here and we got ignored for the most part. The bartender (who i believe doesn't work there anymore, luckily) sniffed at me when I asked for clarification on something. There are also jars of really weird floating things at the bar (probably pickled/preserved veggies/meat/fruits etc.) it was unappetizing to be around....I don't have a weak stomach at all, it was just odd. The second time I went in, the service was equally as bad. there was a table of 8 of us for lunch and the place was mostly dead and I had to go up and ask them to take our order after we sat waiting for 30 minutes. Subsequently, the menu is small and the prices are high with not much room for substitutions or changesBottom bun: I like the owner, he is really nice and friendly. The cooks were also friendly. I like to believe that my taste buds merely didn't care for this place. I know a lot of people that have very positive things to say about this place. I will not recommend it as a personal favorite and I will quite frankly probably avoid it unless it is specifically requested by a client. I am completely fine with the concept that not everyone has to like the same things. I personally have not had a good experience with this place, but I respect the fact that a majority of the reviewers for it have.
5	I'm not usually inclined to give 5 star reviews based strictly on edamame, ordinarily the bar peanut of the Asian dining experience. Don't get me wrong, the other food was good too, but understand that I still think about the edamame 3 weeks removed.The wife, myself and another couple were making a trip to the Turf for scotch following a fun filled evening at Sidebar. Having been to Sens previously, we decided some late night food was in order. The late night aspect is a huge plus for this restaurant. If memory serves it was very near 10:30 at night, not usually a time when you can find really well made, delicious food (of the non-drunken drive through, everything is awesome variety). I'll start with the good and end with the great. We ordered several yakitori items and they were all excellent. Simple, perfectly cooked, small plates that make you feel like a better person while you're eating. I've had the quail and some other dishes on a different occasion and everything really is delicious and incredibly well prepared.Greatness is a difficult thing to articulate, but you know it when you see it, or in this case taste it. Let me start by saying it seems obvious that if you throw truffle butter on something, the quality of that dish is likely to improve substantially. However, if this was so obvious I would have truffle soaked everything at all restaurants and my life would be exponentially better for it. Sens makes edamame with sea salt and truffle butter that will make you want to lick the bottom of the bowl. Not kidding, I really thought about it, sort of. The real trick is that they do it without making the edamame too greasy. Sens is a really excellent restaurant, but keep in mind that the plates are small. If you can handle a lengthier meal, order a few at a time and see where you wind up, just make sure your path takes you through the wonderful truffle filled town of edamame.
5	3 words: Red Curry Tofu.I dream about it.They sneak some amazing stuff in there: okra, pineapple, button mushrooms.  The sauce in incredible.A dream for vegetarians.Don't be in a hurry at Sens.  Eat a little.  Eat a little more.  Drink a phenomenal cocktail (so worth the splurge).  Eat some more.The service is not quick but is always lovely.The dj's always spin good tunes, though not always of the same genre.  One night seemed to be early 90's hip-hop, another night was like listening to my My Morning Jacket Pandora station.
3	Very nice and small place.  With the amount of patron they have here the service should be a lot faster. Took a while just to get my food and alot longer to pay for it.  The food was very different but good. I'll eat here again if i have time to kill and patients
3	This place is a pretty good pan-asian restaurant. I was impressed with the selection of asian cuisine but the prices were a bit steep for a group of 2. If I came here with more ppl and the bill was more pleasing to the eye, I would definitely give it 4 stars.
5	I absolutely love Sens! This is an intimate little restaurant with a lot going for it. They have a large selection of flavored sake's, and a very unique menu.This is a great place to take a date as its fun to pick out three or four different items to share. The winners on the menu are the "Volcano Flamed", "Bacon Wrapped Okra", and the "Soup Gyoza". The "Soup Gyoza" is one of the best things I've ever eaten.Fun and unique menu, great flavored sake selection, awesome food, and reasonable prices, gives Sens five stars.
5	I can not believe it took me this long to write an update on this place!  Love, love , love...are the words to describe my feelings for you (Sens:) I was there friday night and the place was packed...in  good way.  Lots of people gazing during our food grazing!The food did not disappoint.  They changed up their menu since the last time I was there and I have to say, the whole experience was even better than the first.I had the edamame with truffle butter, Pad Thai (Sens way) Noodles with crispy tofu, Kurobuta pork sausage with papaya slaw, White ginger fish, and for dessert, sweet wontons with a peach cream sauce.Oh so good! What was slightly better than the food?!? Their sake list..amazing.  Over 100 different kinds...I was in heaven...I had the Kissui Chrysenthenum Mist Genshu.  It was a great balance of flavor, slightly sweet, med dry.  Perfect accompliment to the food.  I will be back, this time I won't wait too long;)
2	I just can't figure out how this place got so many stars by so many people. My sis and I picked up our friend at the airport on friday night and we were hungry. So we looked up a good restaurant on trusty Yelp to help us decide. We fell on this place which got great reviews and seemed like it would be fun and delicious. We found the place pretty quickly and stepped right in. We were quickly seated, but service was slow throughout. After about 10-15 min we finally got our drinks...OUR DRINKS. My companions got drinks and they tasted bitter. Not worth $10 in my opinion.The food itself was a disappointment. We ordered their Korean short ribs, ginger mint duck salad, beach mushrooms, and chicken lollipops.My issue is not the size of the dishes, we all knew what tapas are so we were already expecting small portions, but with those small portions and the amount of money we were paying we expected good food. Instead we got pretentious food with unbalanced flavor. If you're going to dress up my food, make sure it tastes as good as it looks.1. The Korean short ribs were okay except for the fact that it was drowned in a very sweet sauce. If the ribs were DRIZZLED with the sauce I think it would have been very successful.2. Ginger mint duck salad, I thought the duck was well cooked, but the sauce was overpowering and bitter.3. Chicken lollipops were way too salty. I had to drink water with every bite of the chicken.4. The only saving grace was the beach mushrooms. It was balanced and just plain delicious. It was a little awkward to eat, but I could easily get over that since the dish was such a treat. If all of my other dishes were as good as this one, I'd be raving about this place.     So after all of this, we didn't even want dessert, which is a shame because I love dessert and it was my birthday. Poor excuse of a meal for the price. I expected more. Not sure if it's the prettiness of the place that people fall in love with, but for me, the food was not up to par.
3	Wowza!  This place is a total trip!  No, I don't smoke, but if I did this place is probably the place I would go to.  First off, the food was okay.  I ordered some chicken wings, which wasn't really that great.  My favorite was the Thai Curry -- it definitely had some pop to it.  It's one of those that creep up on you.  Milk please!  My friend ordered some Sake that I thought was real good and smooth -- don't ask me what it was, the lighting was low and I didn't care much by the time I arrived.Service was pretty good I guess, and then again the place was drop dead for a Friday night.  What's up with that!?  I'm sure the place gets hopping on 1st Friday, but that's only one day out of the month -- I sure it picks up quick!Ambience, was cool, just reminded me of the 70's in a way even though I didn't grow up during the 70's haha, but I thought the design and decor were pretty cool.  Eccentric I think was the word I used.  Bathroom was blue and that's all I'll say.......check it out! - Enjoy!
5	I hadn't realized I had failed to write a review of Sens until I woke up thinking about truffle butter this morning. Specifically, Sens' sea salt and truffle butter edamame.The man and I, with another couple, visited Sens several months ago, one late weekend night. We were actually going to Turf, next door, but aware that Turf's late night food selection consisted of stale potato chips, we decided to check out Sens' offerings. A full menu selection of delicious food available late at night? HEAVEN. We ordered a few small plates, but the star of the show was the edamame. Oh, sweet sea salt and truffle butter edamame. I remember at one one point, when we were nearing the bottom of our shared bowl, I looked up at the man across the table, who has a good hundred pounds on me, and thinking "I will literally fight him for the oil on the bottom of this bowl." It's THAT good.I really can't remember much else about the place. We sat on the patio and might have been one of the only, if not the only table, there, that late, so I can only speculate as to the usual clientele, but the server was chatty, maybe because he was bored, but he knew a lot about the menu and made excellent recommendations. I was impressed with the whole place, though I only drank water, so my field is limited. We will definitely be back next time we're in the area! Which, c'mon, the area is great, so there's really no excuse for our absence. I think I'll have to rectify that this weekend!
5	Dined here 4 times. This is a Downtown Phoenix highlight.  The menu exposes Asian/Japanese flavors in small plates and bowls ranging from curried mussels to mint-lime beef carpacio that a great Home Cook can't duplicate.  I've never had a bad taste here - drink and food included.  The semi-exposed kitchen allows for sounds and smells to reach your table.  Please Have - Hot & Sour Soup. Staff is good.  They get your food quickly and correctly.  * For those that are turned off by the terms "hip" and "trendy" -- don't go.  M. Flowers
5	JOHNNY CHU...I LOVE YOU. Sens is hands down my favorite place for asian in dwntwn Phx. The environment, the decor, the food and drink selection are all spot on. They have Hitachino Nest, a wonderful rice beer. It some of the best beer I have ever tasted, especially the Red Rice!!! When you go, you need to get the Green Papaya salad with fried tofu, the Red Clay Curry Pot, and the amazing Mint Lime Beef Carpacio. Your tongue will have an orgasm, I guarantee it!!!! It has a great ambiance and a dj that plays great tracks. The server's are all very educated and informed on the menu and drinks. They have great daily specials, so make sure to ask your server. It is tapas so go with friends and split alot of dishes. Chef Chu exposes the true flavors of Japanese in small dishes. SENS ROCKS!!!
5	What a cool place!!! We went here with some friends and ordered about two plates a piece and shared. The plates are small and it gave us the opportunity to try a bunch of different things. My favorites were the red curry with tofu, the tofu wasabi, and the pad thai with shrimp. It wasn't a typical pad thai I've had before, had more of a broth and very fine, thin noodles, but so tasty! We didn't happen to partake in their drink menu, but it looked pretty extensive-more drink options than food! Instead we downed their cucumber infused water as the spiciness of the food left us sweating a bit. (We of course couldn't help but keep eating though).Decor is modern-asian-IKEA-meets-Budha-palace. Simple, small place, they have an outdoor patio but oddly enough it was actually raining when we went! Service was prompt, kept our water filled, and offered some suggestions. Very cool place!
5	we met some foodie friends for a new experience in CenPho. we each ordered 2 small plates and shared the dishes. everything is cooked to order so it is VERY hot, as in temperature hot. if that's not enough, a few of the dishes were SPICY hot and that combo sent flames through my gullet (and out the back this morning). i really enjoyed the red curry tofu and the interesting take on pad thai. it was more of a soupy pad thai served in a cute little cast iron bowl. the tofu wasabi was also very good. i think i went through a gallon of their refreshing cucumber water. our server was extremely courteous and kept our water glasses full. if i wasn't such a parking psycho, we'd probably venture downtown more, but i hate paying for parking, so my lazy ass will probably stick to our neighborhood. however....Sens is a delicious addition to downtown!
5	Sens is wonderful. I went on a Friday night, Carlo waited on my friend and I. He was extremely helpful and made lots of good suggestions. He also kept bringing us really good infused sake to try. The Hong Kong Flat Rice was amazing. I will definitely make this a frequent stop.
4	This was my first experience with any sort of tapas. The food was very tasty and the atmosphere was awesome. I had the marinated steak that you cook on a hot stone at your table...can't remember what it was called, but it was great. I also had some spicy chicken wontons that came with a spicy Ginger sauce...mmmmm!
4	Sens is, well, SENSational!I love tapas style of eating. And unlike yogurt and cupcakes, tapas, I think, is here to stay! Sharing food with friends is perhaps one of my all time favorite things to do. Some people like camping. Some people like How I Met My Mother. Others scrap booking. My gig? Friends. Food. Sharing. So we gathered here yesterday after enjoying fantastic cocktails and my favorite nachos at Bliss to have some serious food. I shared my two favorite things here, the SOUP DUMPLINGS...omg...omg...pounding fists on table...total mouthgasm. You know when you get the squirt of gooey cheese from the middle of pasta shell in your fave mac n cheese? This is so similar. Hot, salty broth exploding as you bite into tender pork and savory cabbage. Pure heaven! Really, who doesn't like things exploding in your mouth? My other love is the White Ginger fish, whitefish steamed with a soy ginger sauce. And I loves me some ginger. Even on Gilligan's Island, I was a Ginger man, not a Mary Ann. I mean really, pigtails?! Tender, mild and absolutely off the charts with some very enjoyable flavors.Miss for me on this visit were the Korean short ribs...ugh...flavor was there...just couldn't chew the damn things. Also on the dry side and simply just very pedestrian was the Wasabi Soy Chicken.But, with the fabulous company I had and the Asahi beer and the chilled sake, it still measured up to a four star evening. Service was great as well. Patient, good-natured waiter, took care of eight buzzed and chatty diners!So Sens...you get me. With your tapas style menu. Your downtown vibe. Chilled sake.And. The. Soup. Dumplings. SENSational indeed!
3	I was really excited to go try this place, I have been wanting to come here for the past couple of months. Despite the fact the service was extremely slow and our server didn't put in half of our food in till 20 minutes later of asking us what we wanted.... (still confused how that would even work? "Oh heyy I'm your server *takes orders* ... 20 mins pass ... OH HEY I forgot, what did you guys want again?" )That made me give her a wait wtf? face. But hey, it's all good.. I let it slide cause the food was amazing. I really loved the fried tofu and the white almond fish. I also had unfiltered sake, really good as well.I think the only complaint I would have about this place is.. well the service..and the fact that since it's tapas, it's smaller plates..and more money. Oh so so smart you guys are..
5	Really cute place and the food was delicious.  LOVED the sweet and sour soup (unlike any version I've ever had before).  It was yummy spicy, with pasta, veggies and a great light broth!I loved the shared tapas plates and enjoyed everything we had a tofu red curry (spicy and yummy), rice and beef bbq.  What a great spot and recommend if your in town that you grab dinner!!!
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):10 Food9 *Drinks*8 Service9 Atmosphere7 ValueMy original review for here was a "meh, mediocre".  Since then, there have been some menu adjustments, I've explored more of the menu, and I've generally gotten my head out of my ass.The place is still pricey if you're looking for affordable and don't know what to order.  If that is the case, then let me direct you to the Green Papaya Salad (w/ shrimp or tofu), the sugar cane pork, or the spicy wontons.  If available when you're there, the pesto edamame and the Pad Thai are also excellent ways to not break the bank.  (The Pad Thai can even leave leftovers if you're not super hungry.)The bacon-wrapped _____ are also delicious, as is pretty much anything in the "fried" section.  I know a number of people that don't like the Hong Kong flat rice, but they're just silly, because I think it's great.The service is friendly and very well informed, though there are occasional timing issues.  That's totally okay though, because their pours seem generous, making the somewhat-steep cocktail prices not really that bad after all.All in all I admit that I was wrong giving Sens a (weak) 3-stars last year.  I should have given it a (strong) 4-stars all along.
5	Incredible! Every dish was unique and delicious. My father and I had heard about Sens through a friend who had stumbled upon it and raved about how good it was. The menu is strictly tapas and each item is the perfect size for two people to share. We ordered five items and they all were amazing. The first item was called the Spicy Saigon. It incorporated lightly fried tofu that melted in your mouth without the rubbery texture that can sometimes leave you guessing. The tofu was accompanied by myriad vegetables, all tossed in a sauce that delivered a mild level of heat. The second dish was more of a pallet cleanser but we couldn't get enough of it. Edamame in truffle butter and sea salt. The butter cut the spice of some dishes and added a delicate yet flavorful element to the edamame. The third item was by far the best and could have been eaten all night. The Ginger, Mint, Duck Salad served with cabbage and topped with chopped peanuts. The ginger came in the form of a tangy dressing that livened up the cabbage. Ginger was also found in the form of small, paper thin, crunchy chips that made me sift through the rest of the salad hoping for more. Every flavor was bold and yet complemented the others nicely. The fourth dish was Red Thai Curry slathered all over chicken wings. The smell made our mouths water and the chicken was tender, juicy, and packed full of flavor. They came out piping hot which allowed for more time to enjoy the cucumber infused water and a bottle of sake chosen from an endless list of rice wine. The fifth dish was our least favorite but was still quite tasty. The Ginger Cod. Served with bell peppers and many other vegetables and fried in a light batter crisped to perfection. The bell peppers didn't quite complement the cod. Dessert inspired "yummy" noises and was the perfect end to a nearly faultless meal. Goat cheese won tons with a peach puree sauce that sent delighted chills down my spine. The only complaint was that only two were served at a time when I could have easily eaten four of them by myself. The service was friendly, conversational and very helpful. The restaurant was clean except for grease splatter on the candle holders (but since I rarely eat from candle holders, this was a minor fault). And prices were quite reasonable for the quality and quantity of food that was presented. I will be visiting again soon!
2	I am torn between a 2 and 3 star review, but I think the 2 will out weigh the 3 this time. The over all experience was nice and fun, however there were some very distracting elements that took away from the charm and experience. First of all the place wasn't very hopin.... only two other table in the entire place. They had a nice table set up for us up front, however it was cold and rainy out and they left the front door open so I could catch a draft all night long. They also had strange techno music playing the entire time, and pumped it out in the streets. It was a little random, didn't fit very well. We did have some good entertainment, the drunk older people at the bar making out with eachother and then switch partners, funny!The server was nice and friendly, almost too friendly. Almost any time someone ordered a drink he would suggest a better one, or make some cute remark like we look "more hip" than to drink that. Weird! He didn't however suggest a different drink for me, he just brought me a different drink than I asked for all together. He acknowledge that it wasn't what I ordered but he made this one anyway. Rude! I really wanted my Strawberry Basil martini. Whatever. Moving on..... the food was great.... lots of tofu. I am not a tofu fan, but I tried it anyway, very good and tasty for what it was. I would order it again. Everything else was good, we shared a everything we ordered. The Thai curry was my favorite I think. Then dessert came, one of each, a green tea cheese cake (dry and blah) and some kinda of cream cheese won ton thing (gross! chewy and no flavor, don't get it!) And again he talked me into some drink again I didn't want. Like I said the over all experience was good, the server needs to just back off, bring me what I ask for, and shut the front door please.
4	Mmmmmmm butterrrrr. I'm speaking specifically of the Edamame with truffle butter. We probably could have eaten a few orders of these. Sugar cane pork. Ohhh yes. Falls of those teeny little bones right into my mouth. Very finger foody. Delicious. Spicy "Sirring" Shrimp. Comes out sizzling and spicy and delicious. As the server mentioned, "Sirring" isn't a real word, but who cares!These three were the stars of the five tapas that we chose. I cant really remember the other two, so they clearly weren't that great. The atmosphere is cute, artsy and pretty comfortable. The music was a little low, so we could hear the conversations of the couples on either side of us pretty easily. Kinda awwwwkwaaaard. I would for sure return.
4	I've been to Sens a couple of times.  Somebody advised me to let the waitstaff be my guide, and that proved to be a good strategy.  Small plates are the theme at Sens, and two people can sample a large variety of items.  My favorite so far is the hot and sour soup, which came at the end of the meal, even though we ordered it first.  It was so yummy, with unexpected ingredients.  The music is excellent, and I love the decor and atmosphere.
4	Love the saki selection here! The ribs with red curry were really yummy. The wontons with chicken and cheese were ok, the dipping sauces made all the difference. The shrimp dish labeled spicy was extremely spicy and nice with a side of rice as was recommended... although I still wanted a glass of milk to put out the fire in my mouth. We went on Christmas eve and I have to say that with things pretty slow in there I had the chance to look around... really look around. They need to dust. I'm not saying I Joan Crawford'ed it around with a white glove or anything, but above our head (and our food) the lotus flowers had giant dust bunnies on them. I started looking around at other fixtures and it looks like they haven't dusted since they opened the place. Gross. For the price of those dishes you think you could buy a dust buster!
5	I absolutely love love love this place. It's one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley.  Everything I've eaten here is wonderful, cooked to perfection and with zest.I love the fact that they have REAL wasabi and not that horseradish paste that's dyed green.There are a bunch of things I would recommend but my favorite is the Wasabi Chicken. Oh wow, what a pleasure this is. Everything else is awesome too. I can't even think of one thing I didn't like.The alcohol menu is huge, the Saki list is grand and they taste wonderful. If you have questions about Saki just ask your waiter, they know their Sake.The Ambiance is fun, I love to sit outside now that the patio is done.Head on out...I can't even hear the name of this place without having a craving for it.
5	Sens is one of my favorite places downtown. The drinks are exotic and the food is never disappointing. The staff is also friendly and very helpful. One of my most recent visits went like this... Waiter (wish I would have gotten his name) told up the specials. We ended up ordering sizzling shrimp, chicken lollipops, short ribs, and one other thing I can't remember. I also had a lychee saketini (yum). All of the food was absolutely delicious. Also, the music that they were playing practically matched my current playlist. The acoustic version of "Heartbeats" by the Knife was playing and I mentioned to the waiter that I loved the song, so he played the original as well. (How nice) When you are at Sens the atmosphere is hip and comfortable. Good for a group or date night.
2	Between items that taste vaguely Asian and prices that can easily stack up, Sens is essentially an upscale Panda Express.I'll give them points for concept, though. Basically, you and your pals want Asian food, but can't decide what kind. Thai? Chinese? It's whatever, you can get them both here. Portions are small, as everything is a well-presented appetizer meant for sharing. Between $5 and $11 a pop for these snacks, you'll find yourself spending way more than you would if you just ate an entree at a real restaurant.. Beyond that, items are pretty bland, and they really rely on sauces to come alive. I couldn't taste a hint of goat cheese in the wontons, and the Thai chicken lollipops were bland. They had to be drenched in wasabi or chili sauce.I then realized I noticed a pattern. Bland fare that caters to a mainstream crowd who actually hasn't sampled Asian snacks. I will admit that it looks awesome. I'll admit that it tastes good, but then again tasting good doesn't mean it's authentic or worth it. Maybe I'll be back to try more items, in hopes that I'm all wrong. In the meantime, this Yelper has been jaded by similar (yet superior) places in Southern California. If you're a hipster who's ideal destination is around Roosevelt, then welcome home.
4	We came to Sens since it was pretty much the highest rated restaurant within walking distance of FilmBar. Thank you Yelp! We had a fantastic experience here. Loved the decor and atmosphere both inside and out. Decent prices for tapas style plates, and we were actually pleasantly surprised at how much food each item included. We split three dishes and a pot of Hot and Sour soup between four people, and couldn't even finish everything! They have a pretty good mix of Asian cuisine and some very unique dishes. We got the Papaya Soba Spring Rolls - they were the kind of rolls you'd get at a Vietnamese place - with a red pepper sauce with crushed peanuts. The sauce had a decent kick to it. The rolls were fresh and tasty. We also got the Ginger Fish - YUM. Very tender, great sauce, tender veggies, a real kick in the taste buds. Delicious. Our friend ordered the Sugarcane Pork since we had seen some great reviews on Yelp and LOVED it - it came in a pretty nifty serving dish with four cups and some sweet mushroom sauce in the bottom of each one. We're vegetarian so had to take his word for it :)  Finally we ordered a pot of the Hot and Sour soup with fish. Wow. So completely unique and different from any Hot and Sour soup we've ever had. All three of us agreed that each bite had like three or four distinct flavors to it. It included okra, mushrooms, fish, snow peas, rice ovalettes, cilantro, and I don't even know what else. The only drawback and our reason for not giving five stars: The drink menu. While it was pretty enormous, the server went down the beer list and told us everything they were out of, which included most of the beer list and my favorites. I finally ordered one I wasn't that excited about, and then lo and behold, they were out of that too! So no drinks for me or our friend. My lady ordered the Ginger Peach sake cocktail. The $10 price made me cringe a little, but we hoped it would be worth it. You could definitely taste the sake, but it didn't seem like anything special and was not very big at all. Definitely way overpriced. We'll be back for sure - but next time we'll wait to drink until we go to Filmbar or Lost Leaf where the drink prices are so much more reasonable.
1	We had a horrible service experience here.  Saturday night:  wife and I had a rare night out and excited to check out the restaurant we've heard much about.  Had reservations, but still waited 20 min to get seated even though we could see open tables.  Not a big deal, but it got worse.  We waited another 15 min before the waitress came by and then still waited another 30 min before our drinks came to the table.  We spoke up, politely:  they acknowledged and apologized, but didn't seem to really care.  They even forgot to bring out one of small plates we ordered.A couple of plates were tasty and a couple left much to be desired....seemed okay, not nearly as good as all the hype.We won't be returning and I can't imagine this place will be in business much longer.
5	One of my favorite downtown stops. So many saki choices! The tapas are all great. I love every single menu item (and yes I've had all of them at one point or another). Bacon wrapped dates = perfection. Service is faster than any other restaurant I've been to downtown. Bartenders make excellent drinks and are very friendly and fun to be around. It  gets busy on Friday and Saturday evenings, but rightfully so, it's awesome! There's outdoor seating, indoor seating and tons of bar seating. Awesome and hip downtown hangout!
4	The bacon wrapped everything is great, I mean how can it go wrong? Especially the okra and lychee. But the real standout was the gyoza soup. Not at all what I anticipated but delicious! Soft little tasty balls that burst with juiciness in your mouth...ahem. I'm still talking about the gyoza. Seriously, try it. I was disappointed in the hot rock steak. Its a great concept, they bring you some thiny sliced marinated steak and a sizzling hot black rock that you cook your steak on. Its fun! However the steak itself (while soft and tender) had no real flavor. When the waiter asked how it was and I admitted the taste was lacking he admitted that most people order it once for the novelty but not again. Really? It seems that if they are aware of the fact that a certain item is appealing but tasteless that they would..oh I don't know...put some salt and pepper on the thing? The drinks were delicious,  although a bit sweet for my taste (your girl friend will probably loooove them) but not particuarly strong. There is a warning about how potent they make their drinks on the menu, but don't take it too seriously. Another curious thing about this place was that when my date and I were placing our orders (we do a lot of tapas style meals so we know how it works) we got to about 6 items and the server told us to stop. We were ordering too much. Huh? First time a place has told me they don't want their customers ordering a variety of items. When we explained that we were on a road trip and enjoy having leftovers for breakfast the next day the server told us that we couldn't take leftovers because they do not have boxes. Pretttttty strange on that one. All in all it was a very tasty meal with some major highlights and some mehh ok, but nothing was bad. The decor is cool, and the fact that they have a DJ spinning some unique ambiance music is great. I'd go again.
4	This place was a great surprise yesterday.  We rarely venture in to downtown Phx but we had movie plans at Filmbar, so hubby and I showed up ~6ish for Fri night dinner just before the movie.  Our server was this tall guy that was pleasant and welcoming, though not in that fake 'smile-and-kiss-your-butt-for-a-good-tip' kind of way (hubby hates the over-the-top cheery friendliness - think Brian the Chotckie's employee from Office Space) - in short, we liked our waiter - friendly, educational, and prompt.. oh yeah, and he didn't bug or interrupt us with 'anyone water water?' annoying-ness .. On to the next: atmosphere.Atmosphere here is really great - they had a DJ playing some swanky, lounge, electronica that went perfectly with the place and the mood; good sounds, nice dark interior with a few soft and bright colors from lotus lampshades, etc; the interior works really well.Food!  Can't forget the food!Duck Salad - a yummy crispy cabbage salad with cold duck meat slices in sweet, spicy vin - then topped with crispy garlic and peanuts - oooH!!Gyoza Soup - OMG we wanted more! they burst in your mouth deliciously and the little detail of ginger slice attached to the bottom brings a whole different layer of enjoyment to these dumplings.Bacon Lychee - We wanted more! The coupling of savory and sweet was outstanding, esp the crispy and fattiness of the bacon melding with the sweetness of the lychee... sooo good!Almond Fish - it was ok, I enjoyed the previous 3 more.Korean Short Rip - again, it was ok, but didn't stand out like the top 3.Drinks:- My husband liked his Bombay Gin Dry Martini.. said it was made very well- I really liked my saketini - Jasmine infused Vodka with Sake and grapefruit juice was perfectly flavorful and not sweet like other soft pink drinks.Overall - it was a perfect 'date' night for us - great ambiance and music, wonderful foods and great waitstaff... and good drinks to top it off.
4	This place was a delightful find! I tend to think downtown Phx is kind of a bummer... but this place was tasty and fun!For a Friday night, it was surprisingly not busy- that being said we got extremely attentive, friendly, and timely service! We ordered the papaya soba spring rolls first- which lacked papaya altogether, not my fave. The soup gyoza is delicious- super tasty and tender, the broth is nice and tangy, totally addicting if you ask me, I understand why its one of their best sellers! We also had the korean short ribs which had a really delicious balance of grilled and sweet flavor, nice and tender- the unfortunate part was trying to get them off the bone with chop sticks. And then we had the sugar cane pork! One word= Phenomenal! Meat was tender and juicy, the sugar can added a nice sweet flavor (plus it was fun to chew on!), the dipping sauce was sooooo tasty too! Overall, I would absolutely recommend this place, we really enjoyed our dinner here, as well as the live DJ. They also have a fantastic array of sake... but claimed to be out of many of them, which was a slight disappointment.
1	Was in Phoenix and wanted to Yelp a local place since I always have great luck with Yelp!I was staying in downtown and was happy to see that I would be able to walk to this restaurant that had such great reviews. It was 'Open' on Yelp so I walked over there STARVING, only for it to be closed!!! WTH?!?! Seriously if you have your business on this site and have gone through the trouble of adding your hours, they had better be correct!!!!Very upset that I could have chosen so many other places, major boo boo!!!
2	Service was s l o w. Toook a l o n g time for someone to greet us and when they did only dropped off menus. Wait. Wait. We ordered beverages and food at same time. Things showed up one by one...I ordered the Spicy Basil which was very flavorful and I thought was the best tasting of the 3 entrees.
4	I love a place that serves food till 2am, and asian inspired food to boot.  The quality is always fantastic, service is great and if you want to try a bunch of different sakes, they have a great list to try.My favorite thing to eat is the miso soup.  It's huge, best to share with someone.  My favorite sake is called "Aladdin", it's unfiltered and a little fruity.  Best for groups who are comfortable sharing food, since this is a tapas restaurant.The atmosphere also makes me forget that I'm in dowtown PHX, and not even a highly populated part either.  It's trendy, but comfortable.  It's one of my go-to places to eat in downtown.
4	After a very nerve-wracking interview for a position in Japan held in Downtown Phoenix on a Friday night, my family decided it might be a good idea to head over to Sens to help me relax. Seems appropriate, right? Well, we were huge fans of the old Fate restaurant before they changed it into some commercialized abomination... luckily,  we had heard that Johnny Chu started a couple of other places that had been left untouched. Fans of Mr. Chu, we decided to give Sens a try, hoping that all of those great times at Fate could be revived ;)While Sens certainly isn't the same, it was still a breath of fresh air. It is definitely unique and innovative, and definitely not traditional... but that's okay too! The prices were a bit high, but for 4 of us we were actually surprised by how "cheap" the final bill was. It wasn't really cheap, but way cheaper than we had anticipated.We had some GREAT drinks, one of which was a very strong Japanese vodka infused with Lychee fruit. I don't think I really would order it again, but it was pretty good! Just not my type of drink... extremely strong-tasting! For food, since they do mostly "family style" dishes where everyone at the table shares, we all ordered a few different things to try out. Pretty much everything except for the riblets was great! I don't really like pork or beef anyway, but these were especially unappealing to me. However, the Wagyu (Japanese beef) they served was very tasty, and I usually hate beef! We got our own binchotan grill, but the waiter helped us out with cooking the beef since we had never done it before.Other than that, I can't really remember the names of what we ordered... but it was all good! (Except for those riblets...) The staff was awesome, it wasn't too busy, very small but comfortable, and the DJ was pretty awesome. He was a really nice guy, and I think he did some DJing at Fate a few years ago too. Not sure though. The music was also pretty cool!
5	I am profoundly saddened to hear that Sens will be closing 5/6/2012. Sens is the best place to eat in downtown Phoenix, in my opinion. Johnny Chu will be moving to a new location on Central and Thomas, opening in June '12. It will have some of the same familiar items that the Sens menu had but also some new ones to match his new fresh concept. He will be naming it Shochu House. Get down to Sens before it closes to enjoy some of the greatest food ever!! Thank you Sens for so many great years, amazing food, and kick ass Sake!!! I and Downtown Phoenix will miss you. See you at Shochu in June!!
5	Oh Sens - how I love you and how I will miss you!
5	Amazingly delicious!!
