2	Got a little UYE together for all of us to go try this new Lo-Lo's location for the first time, just up the street from their previous location.  We had Robyn N., Norm R., Linda, Mike C., Jackie R. and myself for this visit, and we all enjoyed each other's company.     :-)I ordered the "Famous Soulfood Platter" with a chicken breast, leg and wing.  It comes with a big corn muffin and choice of 2 sides.  I went with Cheese Grits and Homefried Potatoes.THE BEST:*  Were able to park by Lo-Lo's building... no having to deal with manditory Valet parking that they fire up when things get busy.*  The dining room here is nice, and comfortable.*  My chicken leg and wing were delicious, as were the cheese grits.*  Food side portions were generous.= = = = = =THE REST:*  The table service was slow and disorganized, with various servers who had no idea who was supposed to get what showing up at the table with our food over a long period of time...  and this was with the place not very busy.     :-O*  My chicken breast was very dried out, and so was the corn muffin.*  The home fries were very dry too, and I didn't care for them. *  It was a VERY EXPENSIVE chicken lunch at $18.50 with a drink (forty-some dollars for two of us with the expected tip, which they spelled out on the check!).  On top of that the server tried to overcharge me several dollars more!     :-O= = = = = =As good as two of the pieces of the chicken were, this will be a last visit for me to this Lo-Lo's location.     :-(
3	First and foremost, I've loved loved going to Lo-Lo's to eat.  We've been to the current location twice now.  Just this past Sunday, 10/19/2014, we arrived in time for the doors to open at 7am.  The music was loud.  Yes, on a Sunday morning at 7am, it was loud enough for us to ask the server or hostess if the music could be turned down and the answer was no.   The food was as delicious as always and the service was pretty good, but we had a hard time hearing him, over the music.   Honestly, if it's that loud at that time of morning, how can we invite friends to go there?  We couldn't have a conversation.   It just doesn't make sense.   I don't want to give it a lower rating because I only have the one complaint... as major as it is, we won't go back til we know we can have a decent conversation.
4	Have you been to the new spot? No you haven't? You have to check them out now!  Not only do they have a new place, but a new menu too, with sooo much to offer, this time around I went for the fried green tomatoes, those were delish just what I had been wanting, crave them sometimes and now it's nice to know Lo Los can fix that craving too! Also ordered the Lo Los punch, which is red Kool-Aid with a kick, oh that baby was sweet!Even with all the new items on the menu, I had to order the #8, a perfectly fried chicken breast and waffle, I don't even like fried chicken but I crave Lo Lo's!Love the new spot, love the new menu and love the good food!
3	The new incarnation of what used to be at the corner of Thomas and Scottsdale Rd. is conveniently located (now at 3133 N. Scottsdale Rd.) and features a well-appointed interior. Note the signs around the parking area and make sure you're not parked in the spaces of the adjacent hotel to avoid the risk of being towed. The waffles that came with the chicken were good; the fried chicken I had was tasty but on the dry side. The green beans I had on the side were mushy and tasteless. There are items on the menu I'd like to try in the future, although I'm not sure if the pricey fare would be worth the trip. 2.5 stars rounded up to 3 because the interior really looks nice.
4	if you haven't been here you need to go!!! off a friend of a friend this place was and is off the chain.Drinks come in  huge mason jars they even have kool-aid and a DJ yup I'm coming back for sure!!
4	The new location is just North of its old spot and is a LOT bigger.  The location is not all that's changed,  the menu has expanded,  there's a bar and outdoor seating.  What hasn't changed is the great food.While they're still settling into this spot it's clear that they have a new success story. The chicken continues to be crunchy and very tasty,  it was literally steaming hot. Everything was very well done, helped along by Mike, a really friendly and attentive server.We will be back.
3	The food is classic LoLo's. This new place is bigger and much noisier than the last. The decorations and expanded menu is nice but those new chairs are very uncomfortable.  I felt like I was sitting at my kids elementary school.  Some look like they would break easily. This is a place to eat and run.  It is definitely not a place to meet and hang with people.
4	I have been here 3 times for lunch.  Always packed.  Parking kinda sucks but the food is worth it.  The chicken is juicy and flavorful.  Definitely get the chicken and waffle plate.  Very friendly staff.
4	Virtual clap to the new innovative location. I've been a frequent diner since Lolo's first started and boy is this a huge in step representing success. The new location is very trendy with a sports bar type of venue. As soon as you walk through the door your'e immediately greeted by a friendly hostess. I chose the bar area which is built for seating inside and out. Since the weather was nice I dined outside. The full service bar offers not only Lolo's famous fixins but some tasty adult beverages to help wash them down. Now if your a sports fan there are big screen TV's to keep you entertained that can be seen inside and outside the venue. What is nice is the full size patio is perfect for large parties. There is even a fire pit with seating around it for those cold AZ nights. The menu has more to offer. You can still get all the same great favorites along with some new options. Yummy appetizers, mouth watering burgers, crisp salads and much more. The only issue I have with the restaurant is what should I choose. With so many delicious things to choose from I want to be greedy and order it all.I highly recommend this restaurant for not only dining for a great meal but perfect place to take out of town guest. The location is perfect as it is right in the heart of old town scottsdale.
2	Very disappointed
5	Do you like fried chicken? Yes? Do you like waffles? Yes? Go to Lo Lo's or reconsider your life lol
5	I love this place! Going to Lolo's is always a delicious treat for me. You can't eat fried chicken and waffles everyday, after all. Lolo's recently relocated slightly north on Scottsdale, to a much larger and nicer space. Now an independent building, the new Lolo's features a hip indoor/outdoor bar. Although the old location served alcohol, now it feels like an attractive destination for a drink. I plan on coming here just for drinks in the future. I ate dinner at Lolo's shortly after the move and am very pleased with the experience. Everything we ordered was amazing as expected.  The portions were huge! Our waitress was sweet and prompt with our food and drinks. Tip: order the chicken and waffles. If you're feeling especially malnourished, add a side of mac and cheese. No matter what you order, I promise you won't leave hungry! But most importantly, don't forget the koolaid!!!!
3	Need one of these in Boston.Great concept. I like the different options. Fried green tomatoes were very good.I've had better waffles and chicken. But the gravy made it good.Staff were great.
4	Wow wow wow! Yes that is three in a row. Having never been a fan of the whole chicken and waffle thing, we decided to try this place anyway. I always thought it was a strange combo but hubby seems to love it and who doesn't like fried chicken?I had the fried smothered chicken and worth every bite and I can atleast boast that while I wanted to eat the whole thing I showed great restraint and took half home. The homemade gravy was to die for and the moist chicken outstanding. I hate cornbread but honestly the best I have ever had is here. The Mac and cheese while excellent can never compare to my husbands, but with that being said it was worth every bite.Hubby of course had chicken and waffles with a side of dirty rice. He was equally impressed! Both of us now list this place as a must return to.Why only 4 stars? Perhaps because they close earlier then we would have wanted and there isn't one closer!Certainly worth the trip and drooling just thinking about going again!
5	This has been our spot for some time now and I have had roscoes in California. .if you haven't been here you are truly missing out on chicken and waffles ..the food the service the atmosphere is off the hook ..oh the new location just north of the old one here in Scottsdale is off the hook nice ..get in here
5	Really great food, nothing bad to say about the service . Only complaint would be how full I was! Hahha. This is definitely the place to go in Arizona if you're looking for good chicken & waffles! Glad that they came to scottsdale about 5 years ago too so I won't have to drive down to the original
1	I had tried Lo Lo's before at their last location in Scottsdale and thought how great it was.  I decided to bring my friends to the new location.  Needless to say, I won't be back.  I was so disappointed in our experience and I wasn't the only one.  It was very busy the day we went- Oct 31st, 2014 - However, it looked as if the restaurant had not planned for that.  There were not enough staff on and the staff they had looked confused.  We sat at the bar and did not get noticed for about 20 minutes.  We had to ask for menus.  There were people around us complaining about how long it took to get their food.  The staff seemed as if they did not care.  There was only one bartender and she seemed to be in her own world.  We waited almost 45 minutes for our food.  I asked for a refill on coffee and that took another 25 minutes and I had to ask twice.  The kicker was they did not give me a new cup and she poured old coffee and when she realized it was bad she said she would get me new - however put the same old cup back.  When the new coffee came another person took my old cup and poured coffee into it... Even the guy next to us was complaining how slow the service was.  They never apologized and as we were leaving I saw a woman complaining to the manager about her poor service and he was YELLING at her back.  This was very unprofessional.Needless to say my friends were not impressed and I won't be back...
4	I've been to LoLo's a few times. I always order chicken and waffles plus sides and red kool aid. The food was great as usual. The service is usually good but today it was a little slow.
2	We placed a to-go order in advance.  We called at 11 am and arranged to pick up at 1:00.  When we arrived at 1, we had to wait an entire HOUR for our order to be ready.  They hadn't even started it!  They blamed it on their "lunch rush" but the service was absolutely appalling.  Another couple had been waiting a long time for their order as well and were really frustrated when we walked in.  We finally had to flag down a manager who had only been working there 3 days and she didn't know what to do.  She ended up giving us a discount but it really didn't make up for the fact that our order was an entire hour later than promised.  All of the employees looked flustered and scattered.  They need to work out their systems.  I know this is a new location but I would imagine they would have moved the staff when they moved the restaurant as it's only 2 blocks away from its previous location.  There was no direction at all.The food overall was decent but I would not go back due to the appalling lack of service.
1	We were at Jamba Juice and decided to stop and get something to eat, had really been wanting to try this place since they opened. When we walked in the hostess said we couldn't bring outside drinks in. I had just bought a smoothie so we walked out. I won't be back to try this place, that is an extremely stupid reason to turn away business.
1	Worst experience ever! We went in excited to try the q new location. Our service was ok( she seemed new  and not experienced)  the food was terrible. The childrens mac and cheese comes with bacon. Was never told. My husband order a dish with rice was not cooked. My pasta was overcooked and gross. When we complained the manager scolded the waitress in front of us. Then told us he would take care of our bill and we would pay for my daughters and a beer. When received the bill it was 32.00 for a kids meal and beer. We had the most expensive childrens meal on the face of the planet. I will be calling corporate tomorrow. I tipped the server out of pitty. Will never be back!
5	Food is great. Service is great. Music is great. Location is great. Decor is great. I have been to their restaurants many times. I am always treated wonderfully when I go in. It's flattering to have a respectfully flirtatious waiter serving me each time I go in, even though I know they just flirt for tips. I do not know what people are complaining about, the service is always great. I believe in treating others with respect and kindness in order to get served the way you want, so maybe that's why I've never had a bad experience. The owner was in the front of the house tonight, so I felt like I met a celebrity when I told him I love his restaurant. I think it's good that he sees the FOH operations and can manage his staff that way. I think they should open a Tucson location. I am slightly envious of Lo- Lo's business, and I wish he could mentor me.
1	They now have a new policy: they won't let you order takeout over the phone without giving them your credit card number. That's right: You have to tell them your credit card number, have them write it down in a busy kitchen with all sorts of pieces of paper flying around before they tack it up where anybody walking in off the street can read it plainly, and then PRAY that nothing happens to it.This is ridiculous, especially if you were planning on paying in cash. It was explained as a "Well, what happens if you order something then don't come in for it?" situation. BS. If someone orders then doesn't pay, you simply don't accept orders from that phone number anymore, rather than treating EVERYONE like a potential criminal.PS: Lest anyone thinks this is a "New Customer Only" thing, I'd ordered takeout twice from this same location using the same phone number, came in and paid for it, then went home without incident. But now I'm not to be trusted??? In that case, I can trust them to get along without my business.
5	First time ever in this place and from the start till the end we had amazing experience. The greater was super nice, their staff walks around and talks with people and they make sure everyone have great experience. The food was delicious and can't complain. We ordered chicken tenders with waffle and it was great. What I love about this place that they have variety food and anyone can enjoy this place. Thank you everyone for great experience.
5	Fantastic all around!!  The service is great and the chicken and waffles I had were delightful. The pieces were plump with an ok amount of crunch. The waffle was large but thin which is the way I like it. It's a very popular place with the tables filling up quickly on a Saturday morning. Very impressed and will definitely return for breakfast next time I'm in the Phoenix area.
5	I ate at Lolo's for the first time tonight, and it was great. My friend and I got there at 6pm, prime time on a Saturday night. They got us a table fairly quickly, even after telling us there would be a 25 minute wait. Our waiter was prompt, attentive, and got us our food quickly. I had one fried chicken breast, one waffle, and a side of mac n cheese. All of the food was delicious. The fried chicken is crispy, not greasy, and still moist inside-- basically the perfect fried chicken. My friend and I were both really impressed by the new restaurant. The atmosphere is very lively, and it's a beautiful space. My only complaint is the parking is a little inadequate for how popular and busy the restaurant is. I will definitely be back.
5	This place is awesome true southern food! The waffles are the best I have ever tasted sweet and crispy on the outside and soft in the middle. The fried chicken is perfect, it's all good! Highly recommend this place.
2	Since the first one I wrote disappeared, I thought I would try again.  First, I have to say that the food at Lo-Lo's is excellent.  I've enjoyed the few times I've made it to the old location.  Now on to the new one.  First, the new chairs are very uncomfortable to sit in.  When we were seated, they tried to put us in the bar area first.  We were there early afternoon, and the rest of the place was not crowded.  The music in the entire place is way too loud for a restaurant, and worse in the bar area.  So I asked to be moved.  I don't like having to shout at the people I've having a meal with.  Our wait for the food was not too long.  But getting someone's attention for anything was a bit hard.  Turn the music down and tell your people they are not there to talk to each other.  Also, when I mentioned the loud music I got an attitude from the server.  I think if I need Lo-Lo's chicken again, I'll get it to go.
5	Had breakfast with friends this last weekend.   Our waiter was either hung over or just inattentive.  They had the roll up door up and after several requests to close it because members of our group were cold, as were other guests, the management finally rolled the door down.  We also had to ask twice to turn down the music.  It was so loud I could not hear the person sitting next to me talk.   Our order was mixed up, but eventually got it right.  Had to ask several times for coffee refills. this was not a typical visit, usually we get much better service.  We will go back and try again.Food was good as always.  Staff needs a little more customer service training...and management needs to be aware of how cold the restaurant is with all the roll up windows and doors open and to keep the music at a level that is background music, we're not at a club, we're at a restaurant.
5	Wow. I could stop my review right there and that would say it all (about the food). We've had chicken and waffles at the famed Roscoes and LoLo's is far superior. The chicken was flavorful and juicy. The waffles (and I'm not a huge waffle fan) were melt in your mouth good. I had the #10 (2 legs and waffle), kiddos split a breakfast plate (cheesy eggs and a waffle). Husband had the stupid fries. Upon reading the description for the stupid fries I said "that sounds disgusting" well, I was wrong. Took it back a few years and had some kool-aid (which was SUPER sugary - I never noticed that as a kid!). When we entered the place was packed (it was a week day night) and we had a 5 min wait). Our server, Bre, seemed stretched thin but she did a good job of keeping up. It is pretty loud in here, which worked well for our kids. We did see one family get up and leave because they had not been helped in a timely fashion. Just be prepared for it to be busy and to be a bit patient. It is worth it!Can't wait to come back!
3	***Remember to Valet Park or park alongside Lo-Lo's and do not park in the parking area in front of the restaurant because the parking area is for Holiday Inn Express guests only! Or else, you'll get your car towed, and have to pay $125 to rescue it from impound. Okay?! ***Anywho, I was craving fried chicken, and asked my friend S, if she wanted to lunch with me, we got to Lo-Lo's at around 12:45pm today Sunday 11/23, and were seated within a few minutes. Going back to the parking thing, I kinda chuckled thinking I nabbed the lone open spot in the lot, saw the complimentary valet by the door but the valet guy wasn't paying attention and wasn't told that was not their parking. There are signs mind you on the edge of the lot but nothing says the lot directly in front of the resto is not their parking. I regress, let's get back to the food review. It has been awhile since I've been, and it was S first time, so, we got seated at the common table by the bar area. It's nice to see how successful Lo-Lo's has become, to think they started out in a converted house in Central Phoenix, expanded out to Scottsdale, and open a new location in a free standing restaurant with so much space, a spacious open bar area with a roomy patio area, the overall feel is nice, it's airy, and neat. I like the kitschy bar chairs, and the different booths, and their staff uniforms are visually appealing. I'm also impressed with how large their menu offerings have become, and as S said it, who knew Kool Aid could look so classy served in a Mason Jar! S got the namesake dish, and I got KK's because I was going all out with the cheese and onion egg and the grits. The fried chicken was on point, neither too crispy and still retained moistness and had great flavor. Our server checked on us, and topped off our drinks. Service-wise it was great and our lunch was great. I think the afterwards left a dent in our overall experience of the new location. Walking out not seeing your car where you parked it is an unnerving experience in itself because from being in high spirits one moment to thinking your car was stolen the next just takes from my feelings towards Lo-Lo's. Hearing from the valet that my car was towed caught me by surprise, he was not emphatic at all but nonchalantly said it, and he sounded annoyed that I was taken aback, he proceeded to tell me, I could look up the signs for the number (of the tow company), or I could talk to the hotel manager about it since he was the one who towed all the cars (when we parked there had to be at least 10 other cars). As we were walking towards the hotel across the way, there were still people parking unawares, and the valet wasn't saying anything but this time there were others who were telling them to move their car. Long story short, hotel manager told us that they will try to mark the lot to show it's the hotel's. and Lo-Lo's actually has 15 parking spots they can use (which I guess is the valet's), so kudos they have a larger restaurant but fail on their end for having less parking than they used to when they were in the strip mall down the street. Oh, and if you enter through the back way from drinkwater blvd, there's lack of signage telling you which is Lo-Lo's parking but from the front from Earll Street there are signs. I don't know who's fault it is but for a good dining experience avoid this nuisance and headache and just valet with Lo-Lo's it's cheaper than having to pay $100+ more. I might just dine at the original location in Central Phoenix to avoid this again, what was gonna be a four-star review was marred by the parking debacle. Great place for chicken and not to park!
4	YUM! This place is good. Fried pickles, Rotisserie Chicken, cole slaw!I did not try the fried chicken and waffles but saw many having it and smiling so it must have been good. Recommend!
5	Lo-Lo's is easily my favorite restaurant in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area. Their menu is extensive and their new location is fantastic! Then now have a full bar with an outdoor patio. It's like they hired Marcus Lemonis from The Profit to revamp their location and menu!I am a huge supporter of Rocscos Chicken and Waffles in Los Angeles and Lo-Los is easily becoming a close contender if not surpassing Roscos.Try out their new location and bring your friends to hang out on their new patio!
5	Without a doubt the BEST Biscuits and Gravy I have ever had!! Service was great, food came out relatively fast considering they were on a 30 minute wait and packed to the brim, and the rest of our food was absolutely delicious! I can't wait to go back! I wish the chairs were more comfortable...next time, I'll request a booth :)
4	This place has a nice layout. Outside seating is nice to enjoy the weather in the afternoon, and watch the cars pass by while eating and conversating. Service was bery pleasant. Servers were nice, happy, sweet, and helpful towards our orders. Food was good! I tried something new, and it made me nervous. When i took the first bite, it was savory and flavorful. It can  get loud, but it was peaceful this time. So i would say this is perfect for food dates, and hangingout in general enjoying food. Would i go here again? Yes! This is my 7th time. I recommend this to anyone. I gave 4 stars only cuz i didnt feel it was a five star kick!
2	I was really disappointed after reading the great reviews.Very average.  Denny's would have been as good. The fried okra was bland with no seasoning.  The waffle was OK, the chicken breasts were bland and dry.  The sweet tea was fruity not sweet. The chili tasted as though it came out of a can and then had hot sauce liberally applied.  The food was hot though.The service was quick and so was the check.  The check had items on it that we did not order.  I thought the prices were really high.  $37 for two at lunch without cocktails.After the reviews, I had to try it but will not be back.
5	love the new location...as always staff and management is awesome...and the food is OFF THE CHAIN!!! thanks also to contributing to help the needy.
5	Came in from out of town and decided to try chicken and waffles for breakfast.  Went to the new location in Scottsdale.  Restaurant is gorgeous.  Super clean and decor is beautiful but casual. Ended up having lunch with the catfish and chicken with cornbread,  collard greens and fried okra.  This combo plate sounded too good to pass up and they had no problem serving it for  breakfast. The fried chicken was scrumptious and the catfish was great, neither greasy both perfectly done.  The breading was not overwelming and very  tasty.  The cornbread was  fabulous!  Moist, just a little sweet,  perfect with the  creamy butter.  The collard greens  were excellent and the fried okra was great.  Stuffed myself and walked out a happy  camper! Our server was VERY attentive, the  best  service I've had in a long time and the price, $40, tip included, was quite  reasonable for the amount of food. If you're in the mood for  great  soul food or just  excellent fried chicken,  I'd definitely recommend!
1	This is a chicken and waffles place with valet parking.  The utter pretentiousness would normally have turned me around, but chicken and waffles was on my bucket list,so I persevered.  I sat at the bar, and the bartender was friendly enough.  They have nice fruit juices.  I ordered the plate with everything, chicken, waffles, eggs, and grits.  The grits and eggs were well-prepared, the waffles are served with hot syrup, but the chicken isn't very good.  It tasted old, like it had been sitting around for awhile.  Check the bucket list, no reason to go back here.BTW, if you still want to go, and you, too, are put off the pomposity of valet at the soul food place, you can park your own car twenty feet from the door, but I'd skip Lo-Lo's
1	For breakfast stick to chicken and waffles
5	Great food. Great music. Excellent service.Waffles were not too sweet. Chicken was fried perfectly and loved the cornbread & catfish.
4	After several years, I finally got to go to the Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles in south Scottsdale (at their new location a bit north of their old location).I think all of the rave reviews I'd heard from so many people ramped up my expectations. In truth, Lo-Lo's is a good family restaurant that has built up a loyal fan base that freely recommends its fare. That's not a bad thing at all.I had a good, down-home meal and finally got to find out what grits are--nice. My eggs-over-easy with cheese and onions were tasty. The fried chicken crust was crunchy and tasted great, but the pieces were a bit on the small side. The waffles could have been more crisp.The minor issues cited above might have dropped my rating to 4.51, but that still would round to a "5." What dropped them below 4.50 was the slowness of bringing and refilling our water and the long wait for the food. I think we visited at the tail-end of their busy, post-church Sunday afternoon, but they should have been ready for that.Overall, it's a good time and I'll visit again at some point.
5	In town for business co worker recommend this place. I ended up going back for dinner the next day and taking some home... Just really good food
2	Over priced for Medicor food,   service is really slow,   took 45 mins to get food on a Monday at 11, {and after asking 3 times}  the only thing was good were the names of the food.   Made me lauph for a bit,  but sadly,  that's it.  There's nothing really unique or special about  this place,   service was sub par,  waitreses were air headed,  food was OK,  but not worth the price.  Rather go to Dennys or waffle house and pay alot less for same taste.  Aaaand be able to get it in a timely manner.
4	I'm the idiot that came to Lo-Lo's for toast and eggs. (Hey, I was stuffed from a day of non-stop gluttony the previous day!)The problem with ordering simple fare in Lo-Lo's is watching everyone else's food roll out. Yes, fried chicken smells delicious. Large, generous portions. The waffles, when smothered in butter and layered in syrup, smell delightful. Grits - I finally could not control my fork, and sampled my neighbor's - are delicious. So gosh darn good I might return to Lo-Lo's strictly for the grits. But this time I'll be sure to leave room for a #8. A popular item in our large breakfast group.The staff at Lo-Lo's are remarkable. While our group had yet to fully arrive on time (AHEM, late comers) the hostess served me coffee. Yes, I was that person. I really needed a cup of Joe. It was my birthday! Coffee to the rescue! (at 8:30 for anyone on time!) Monico O. did a superb job selecting the final location for Breakfast Club. {Applause and thanks!}Happy Hour DetailsM-F 3-7pmF-S 9-11pmBar seems perfect for catching a game with the television space. Outdoor patio has ready viewing access to televisions.Neat!
5	YES! Valet, not a long wait, spacious open floor plan, upgraded decor, mason jar lights, BAR, TV's, alcohol and great food!!! YES and YES! LOLO's you just keep getting better and better!!!
1	I went at 2PM and it took close to an hour. The were 7 people at the reception who for 15 minutes or more were leaning on a chair at my table or had their butts up against the table. Finally one with V pocket dungarese noticed me and pulled the one leaning on the chair away from my table. No acknowledgement. Monica the manager? was explaining an installation a gentleman was doing.The place was noisy with a sub-par sound system. My table was not clean. The food was boring. I had ordered desert to be brought to me when I finished the Ivan's chorizo, eggs, potatoes. After having waited at least 15 minutes after finishing my waitress came by with a pile of dirty dishes and pulled out my check.I said the service was terrible, the seven people in front of me part of who leaned on my  table and to take back the bill and remove the desert she had forgotten. There was a couple siting to my left who also had finished eating and sitting unattended for an extended period  There was all sorts of banter in front of me but no time for a customer. The picture taken was after I they moved away from my table.
1	What a joke ! I have never had such flavorless dry chicken and waffles before. I don't even know how its possible to not season chicken and how waffles could turn out tasting as delicious as paper napkins. Could only eat half of our order and threw most of it out. This place has a long ways to go, yikes.
1	Went on Saturday 12/20/14 for lunch and the 3 of us were seated immediately which was nice, however, we ordered and waited an hour for our food while others around us who were seated after us were being served. Just as we were trying to track down an employee to call a manager to our table after waiting an hour for our food, the server walking towards us had 2 of our 3 plates. We asked him to have the manager come to our table and his response was "but I have your food here, do you not want it?". One of my friends stated "Surely, we will take the food but can you please still have a manager come see us?". We had no silverware to begin eating and waiting for the 3rd plate. We had to track down another waitress and ask for a manager again as some time had passed and there was still no manager in site, nor the 3rd plate of food. The 3rd plate of food finally came out and we asked for silverware and began eating. Throughout the meal, still no manager. The waiter (Carl) was nice and did come around a few times to ask if everything tasted ok. After we were completely done eating, still no manager. Carl came to the table and stated the kitchen was "backed up and having issues" he then stated the assistant manager was the only one working that day and he/she couldn't step out as he/she was assisting the kitchen in getting back on track. He then stated he was able to comp us ($11.00) and apologized for the service. As we knew it was not the waiter's fault, we were extremely disappointed in the hour wait, no silverware, and no manager after requesting he/she twice. The cherry on top was the fact that the assistant manager essentially could not come out for a few minutes to speak with a dissatisfied customer. Extremely unprofessional.
2	food is soooo goodService is soooo terribleBut since the food is so delicious we will be back
3	I used to be so impressed with lolos but I tried their new location and is it just me? Feel like flavor went down :(My chicken was crispy but oily and only had very strong flavor on certain areas... Like it wasn't evened out . The rice was good but feel like waffles aren't crispy yummy anymore...    Maybe it's just my imagination but just wasn't super impressed . Service is good, food was actually good but so so so oily .
2	Disappointed. Food was mediocre and service was slow. This is a southern place and the chicken gravy was brown!!! Meh.
1	Food is great. Service is absolutely terrible from the valet, to the kitchen and management. They had 1 guy parking and retrieving cars and another just standing there doing nothing. I had to wait to enter the restaurant until the one valet guy addressed the needs of 5 people that were leaving. Really, I Have to wait to actually spend my $$$. We ordered an appetizer that never came and had 1 libation in 40 minutes of time at the table (the water we asked for was never brought either). The manager came over and asked if we wanted the appetizer. Dumb solution as a manager. Of course I don't want it now, my food is at the table after a 40 minute wait and I am eating my chicken and waffle now!!!!Poor leadership yields poor service. This place needs help or the Business will fail. One of the worst experiences a paying customer can have. Too many other options in town to waste my time with this place.
2	As chains go there is certainly a problem with the new location chosen for this franchise.  Should you wish to dine here on an evening or a Friday, Saturday or Sunday night, finding a parking space in the parking lot will be impossible  Apparently the Holiday Inn Express has commandeered the entire parking lot for their Hotel and the parking lot is "empty".  As for the staff, other than letting me know that Holiday Inn will tow my car, there is no other help to dine at their franchise.  It is hard to sample the food when you have no way to park your car safely or within 600' or their door.
5	Amazing!!! My friend and I came 5 minutes before ending and the workers accepted us with a helpful grin. We requested if it was still ok to place the transaction to go, since we realized they were prepared to shut, and Keenan (manager) informed us that if we desired to sit and eat we still could. The meals was excellent! Even though I was complete, I still discovered myself going returning for some more chicken! The employees was amazing, handled us like friends/family and when you get that kind of support it creates your whole encounter even better!
2	Locally owned and operated, Nice clean, bright new standalone location in Scottsdale.  Staff was friendly, welcoming, and appropriately apologetic for the insanely slow arrival of food from the kitchen, which was clearly overwhelmed on this surprisingly packed Monday night when the college kids are still gone for the holiday; Tempe appearing to be virtually dead and Scottsdale very quiet - but LoLo's big bright new location: packed.  Figuring the place must truly newly opened as in perhaps the first week or two at a brand spanking new location, and seeing my friendly host and server and the rest of the staff scrambling throughout, I made allowances and made not a complaint about the 75 minute wait for my (massive) soul food platter, but on learning this location had been open for going on 4 months, only the friendliness and apologies of the staff  - and seeing others all around me suffering similarly kept me from leaving payment for the first quart jar of sweet tea, giving up and walking out.  Half-sweet tea was just right (so you can imagine fully loaded!), and lord knows when it finally did arrive, the serving was generous: 3 LARGE pieces meaty chicken neither greasy nor dry: good!.  The collard greens nicely done and perfected with a self-administered shot of hot pepper vinegar: very good. The house mac-n-cheese rich and cheesy but barely warm on arrival; The massive sweet cornbread muffin topped with generous mound of whipped butter probably the highlight of the meal, I knew I'd be packed but was jonesing for a slice of the house special red velvet cake that I'd had long ago at the tiny old downtown location - and so saved the massive chicken breast and half the mac for tomorrow, but this was not the red velvet of old: red yes, velvet not so much. Not "bad" per se, but a tad on the dry side, and in the midst of the half I was eating, planning to save rest for tomorrow, there was a mildly off-putting slightly "bitter" flavor to a couple of bites sufficient sufficient for me not want the rest  and ask to have it taken off my bill.  I've enjoyed the old downtown Phoenix location in the past and I look forward to being able to speak similarly of this location in the future. From the packed house tonight, this location is already a success, but these fine hard working folks will need to iron out some wrinkles to maintain it. (Note: edited 1/10/15 to correct wait time from 90 to "only" 75 minutes to get food).
4	Everything that's been said about the chicken and waffles is pretty much on point.  I go here for breakfast and in addition to the chicken and waffles, I have had the breakfast fries (chili cheese fries topped with an egg and green onions) which were awesome.  I have had the sweet tea, and though it wasn't as sweet as I had expected it was still good.
4	I had a fun time !My server was awesome! and the meals comes in a excellent variety and Im own my way back for another excellent serving of spirit meals and excellent hospitality.
1	Giving them a 1 star is generous.  Despite reading the horrible service reviews before going we decided to try it anyway.  Shame on us!We waited for a few min without being greeted behind someone applying for a job. Employees are unfriendly and rude.  We were asked to throw away our drink before allowing to be sat.  I asked for a cup to pour our drink in as we just bought it.  We were Denied that. Unfortunately service isn't their forte. I'm unsure why they are in the hospitality business.
5	Love the new site....  awesome! Just real loud.  Our server was good, sweet tea good... food was good..  gravy was cold but flavor was good.  Eat here!
1	I would love to write a review on the food but after our hour + wait to get in, when we were told 40 minutes.  We have now been sitting in our booth for an hour.  My coffee I initially did not get after ordering,  and my second refill took 30 minutes after asking twice.  We have to much time invested into leaving now but... Damn this really is not the way to have people bring in the New Year... Oh and the hostess was extremely sarcastic and rude when we asked how much longer after an hour had passed.  Great now an espn camera crew is in the kitchen .. Wonder if they are eating my food... Forget breakfast, I should have ordered dinner..... Still waiting and I even finished writing this review.... 1 hope 15 min in and still waiting on food...
4	Love the new location and my fav dish is still great!
5	Best soul food restaurant I've visited in years!  Definitely get the soul food platter. The catfish & greens are on point. Nothing like eating great food with old school selections in the background.  Best place to visit in AZ.
4	Well if you never tries this you have to come and experience the novelty of chicken and waffles ..the food is always good but the service can get congested at times ..the downfall to the new Scottsdale location is parking is horrendous. .Gilbert location coming soon this yeah
3	Recently took my first trip to Lo-Los with high hopes after hearing great things. The experience was underwhelming to say the least. It has a new, fresh look with a fun Southern feel (even have a DJ), but the menu is where Lo-Los falls short. The prices are too high for the tastiness of the food. I ordered a side of cole slaw for $4 and the portion was smaller than expected and tasted like nothing more than shredded cabbage tossed in miracle whip. The house fries are incredible; mine were perfectly cooked. The food was good, but definitely not great. Fun place to try but not somewhere I'd return to again and again.
1	I been going to Lo Lo's Chicken & Waffles since way back when the place was a whole in the wall & the owners where actually part of the business. Now the owners are so concentrated in making so much money they have failed to realize their business is going down the hole! I'm very disappointed in the services for the past few visits, today I am passed disappointed I'm infuriated in the poor quality of the food! Uncooked chicken! (Disgusting) I asked for pecans in my waffles, I literally got 10 crushed pieces of pecans (Unacceptable if I'm paying $1 extra) I ordered corn bread (Disappointing, COLD!!!) I'm not a complainer but I expect to receive what I pay for, now I see how you became rich and it wasn't from selling fried chicken. I suggest the owner pay attention to the quality of her business instead of counting her dollars and spending them Houstons Steak house.
5	Good luck finding a table for this place on a Saturday or Sunday morning.  We tried to get in twice while my family was in town and had to come back a third time during their off hours to finally get a table without an hour wait.  In my opinion, it was worth it because of the  wonderful biscuits and gravy, great fried chicken, and excellent collards.  Lo-Lo's is definitely one of those places where you eat and worry about the consequences from the calories later.   So if waffles are your thing, and chicken is your thing, then you need to eat here.  Simple as that.
