5	Not just another cupcake shop. This place does it all. Fruit-stuffed muffins, Blondie's, brownies, double chocolate torte. They also do special occasion custom work and wedding cakes. I left the joint with a couple red velvet cupcakes, (to die for) and some concoction with pecans in the icing. Really good stuff here. Super moist cake, super smooth and creamy butter cream icing. They won first place in a cupcake contest conducted by the Pennsylvania Culinary Institutes's Le Cordon Bleu program judged by students, with the results shared in the Post-Gazette. The winning cupcakes were the carrot cake. Wouldn't you know, they were out on the day I visited. Located on the West End, (and has obviously since moved). Check the hours before you go, I think they have funky days off. Worth the trip. These ARE the best cupcakes in Pittsburgh.
5	On a recent visit to Pgh I was happily surprised to find that numerous cupcake shops have sprung up since my last visit. Being the cupcake fanatic that I am, I tried Dozen, Coco's and Vanilla Pastry Studio. Although I think all three cupcake shops could have come up with better names, the VPS had the best products hands down. Over my 2 month visit, I tried their vanilla/vanilla, vanilla caramel, carrot, mocha and choc peanut butter. They were all incredible with the vanilla caramel being my favorite. And the atmosphere inside the shop is adorable, it made me want to skip around like I won the Willy Wonka golden ticket, and after tasting one of their cupcakes, into another world I went.
5	Adorable interior; friendly, knowledgeable staff; and fudgy, delicious double chocolate brownie - I intend to get back to Vanilla to try their other treats soon (specifically, the peppermint patty brownie)!
5	So I've never actually been here, but my friend bought me half a dozen cupcakes from here when I went to visit her in Pittsburgh. Having been brutally disappointed by a new cupcake shop that opened up in Ann Arbor, I was so surprised by Vanilla Pastry's cupcakes. I can't even remember which flavors I had--definitely there was a mint chocolate one, a lemony one, a margarita one, and some others that my parents ate when I got home. But I'm not a huge frosting fan when it comes to baked goods and I loved the buttercream frosting they used. I also thought the cupcakes themselves were really tasty and moist, especially in comparison to some places where it seems like the cake is an afterthought. And, to note, they were still so good despite the fact that my friend bought the cupcakes at the end of the business day and I didn't eat them until a day later (and didn't finish eating all of them until two days later).
5	I take bakeries very seriously.  I might be a bakery snob....well, not might....I AM a bakery snob.  That being said, I love Vanilla Pastry studio.  My husband picked up an assortment of goodies and brought them home so I can't comment on the store itself or the people there, but I can definitely comment on the baked goods.  They were delicious!  The coconut cupcake was moist and the icing was light and very flavorful.  The chocolate cupcake icing tasted like high quality chocolate.  The red velvet cupcake was my favorite by far.  These people know their cupcakes.  I think they are actually the best cupcakes I have ever had.  Now I need to go back and try some more of their goods to make sure that they have actually earned their 5 stars!
5	Although I LOVE the idea of cupcake shops, I regret to say I am usually disappointed with the reality.  I have been spoiled by my mother, who always made homemade cookies, cakes, brownies, and candy - and never let so much as one oreo into the house.  "Why would you eat that processed junk when you can have a freshly baked cookie?"  When I was a kid, I wanted to be like everyone else - boy was I stupid.  Even though I'm an "adult" my mom still occasionally sends me CARE packages with baked goods but in the months between, Vanilla Pastry Studio really fills the void.  First, the cupcakes.  WOW.  The icing melts in your mouth and isn't too thick or overwhelming as with most cupcake shops.  The balance of icing and cake is perfect.  The flavors aren't artificial at ALL, it feels like they use the best ingredients for everything.  I recently had a coconut caramel concoction that was just heaven in my mouth - the cake was light and fluffy - just like mom's but the icing was BETTER (shhh don't tell!).  I also love the little boxes they use to package the cupcakes, perfect for uncrushed cupcake delivery.  I also got a couple of brownies for my boyfriend which he gobbled up in about three seconds - good thing I hid a turtle one and had two delectable bites of chocolate caramel pecan goodness before he stole it out of my hands.  I better get more next time!
5	We stopped by last night, while waiting for a table at a nearly restaurant.  The hours posted on the door said they close at 6:00 pm.  However, they were still open long past 7:00 pm.  All the cupcakes were gone, of course, except 2 lone coconut snowballs.  Not being a coconut fan, we only purchased one.  We also picked up some key lime cookies and an almond joy bar for later.Later, we were cussing for not taking both cupcakes!!  The frosting was SO creamy delicious and the cake was very moist.  A half of cupcake doesn't go far!  The cookies were nice, with a little tart taste of the key lime.  And the almond joy bar WAS amazing.  I am so glad I don't live close to Vanilla Pasty Studio.  I would be in constant sugar shock!
5	I HAVE NEVER BEEN MORE ECSTATIC TO ACCIDENTALLY STUMBLE UPON A PLACE IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!!!So me any my friends were waiting in line for our first brunch visit with Paris 66 when standing outside we happened to notice this beautiful little store.  We decided to stop by after eating brunch.  THANK GOD WE DID!!!First of all, April, the owner, and her wonderful employees all greet you with this amazing enthusiasm!!  I felt like I had known everyone for years!  There were only 2 cupcakes left as the place was closing in a half hour.  We ended up settling on Vanilla Buttercreme Cupcakes and let me tell you something, I have never in my entire life put anything more delicious in my mouth.  I went back for a second one in fact!  I also picked up a lemon-blueberry poundcake slice to go which was also a little piece of heaven.We ended up leaving and ordering some birthday cupcakes for our friend.  I am blown away by this place and wish there was one closer to me.  Actually, having them 45 minutes from me is probably the best thing I could ask for!  HAHA!   Enjoy!
4	Whenever I head to Paris 66 for din-din, I ALWAYS pass Vanilla Pastry Studio.  And it's always closed.  This past weekend I had Paris 66 for lunch on Saturday and I walked by to see the store was open!  So after lunch I headed back to check it out.Vanilla Pastry Studio has a giant selection of tasty treats ranging from brownies to their special lolly's to of course cupcakes!  I ended up getting their red velvet cupcake topped with a standard frosting and their chocolate cupcake topped with Espresso Buttercream.  The Red Velvet was absolutely delicious; rich and moist and not dried out even though I had the cupcake three hours after I bought it.  The frosting was a tad too sweet for my liking, but overall it was still delicious.  I love all things espresso and I found the chocolate cupcake absolutely amazing.  The flavor of the Espresso Buttercream was a perfect pairing with the chocolate.  I found the cupcake itself to taste a little off just at the edges, but the espresso-flavor definitely made it all better.At $2.25 each, it's definitely on the affordable side when it comes to cupcakes ($25 for a dozen, basically buy 11 get one free).They're open until they sell out of tasty treats, so some days they might close earlier than other days.Vanilla Pastry Studio definitely has the best cupcakes I've had in Pittsburgh so far, I'll definitely be back.
4	I don't entirely "get" the recent cupcake fad. I like to eat the baked goods, sure, but specialty stores flaunting some kind of "mission statements" just leave me cold. So Vanilla Pastry Studio did not look promising at a first blush. Its decor made me think of high-end flower boutiques that cater to bridezillas. I was really craving for some sugary snack; however, so I bought two anyway. I'm glad I did, because the cupcakes really were delicious.I got one mocha and one praline (one for immediate consumption; one for the next morning). Both were satisfying. The icing was not cloyingly sweet; the cake itself was moist and not too crumbly. I was impressed that even the one I ate the next morning still tasted fresh.Selling at $2.25 each, these cupcakes make an expensive afternoon treat, though the pricing is still a quarter less than its compeitors (e.g. Dozen).Finally, the store clerk was helpful and friendly, dispelling the initial snooty boutique vibe I got. Ultimately, it doesn't matter whether I love their decor or their mission statement, just keep the delicious baked goods coming!
5	Their chocolate cupcakes are quite nice and moist.  In my experience at other bakeries, this flavor is often dry, so this was a pleasant surprise.
4	I've only been there once, but I had a very pleasant experience there today. They had a wide range of cupcake flavors (peppermint chocolate, peanut butter chocolate, vanilla caramel, carrot cake, etc) and all were beautifully decorated. The peppermint chocolate cupcake is great -- the cake itself is very moist, and the icing is light and airy. The mint flavor was noticeable but not overpowering. I also enjoyed the almost whimsical atmosphere of the shop. I'll definitely go back!
5	Here's the deal: I didn't read through the rest of the reviews to see if anyone else had mentioned this, but it's better than Dozen. That's pretty much all you need to know when thinking about cupcakes in PGH. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy the non-cupcake fare at Dozen, like their pot pies, quiche and chicken salad sandwich (even though $8 is a bit steep for a cafe sandwich and small bag of chips), but Vanilla is simply better. I'll go so far as to say it's better than Magnolia Bakery in NYC. I lived in Greenwich Village for a few years and visited often, so I say that with great authority ;). Why?:-Their cupcakes start moist and stay moist throughout the day-The icing is light and fluffy and not too sugary and gritty like some, just the way it should be-My favorite item: The chocolate with peanut butter icing. Best cupcake I've ever had-April and the rest of the team are incredibly friendly
5	If I had to pick one thing to eat before I died, I think I would choose Vanilla Pastry Studio cupcakes. Seriously. I've been here many times and have never had a bad cupcake, but my favorite is the chocolate espresso. If cupcakes aren't your thing, the other baked goods are pretty good too. Staff is very friendly and it's a cute place to sit and enjoy something sweet.
1	So, truth be told, the cupcakes taste good and the shop looks like something out of every little girl's dream... no complaints there.  This review is regarding the rude, unprofessional, and downright unethical practices of Vanilla Pastry Studio and their so-called "Sugar Fairy".  If you have a special event or wedding coming up, please do yourself a favor and do not even CONSIDER dealing with these people!   Not only is their product a far cry from the neatly-presented cupcakes they display daily, their prices absurd, and their attitude simply intolerable, but they think nothing of manipulating you and leaving you with a big mess.  Want more details and photos?  Send me a message.   Brides, grooms, party hosts and hostesses-- STEER CLEAR!!
5	These pastries are incredible. If you don't believe me, please go in and try one. While sitting in Vanilla's fun, pretty pink shop in a comfy wingback chair, paging through pictures of fanciful wedding cakes, munching on, say, a perfectly light lemon cupcake, I relax more than after any yoga session.  All organic, locally owned, independent love. It is my favorite cupcake bakery in pgh by virtue of both its quality and its location a few blocks from my apartment. Love it.
5	Yes, I have been back to Vanilla many many times and the store is cute, the people who work there are very nice, and the cupcakes are indeed the best I have ever had.  Their buttercream is light and heavenly! GO!!
5	Hands down the best little bakery in Pittsburgh! Cupcakes to die for, great pies on Friday, and the other baked goods, while limited, are consistently excellent. Freshest pastry around. The staff is excellent as well, everyone treats each other with respect. So happy that Vanilla relocated to East Liberty, and glad to see them thriving here!
5	I've noticed that I've been giving way too many 5 star reviews and I should cut back. However, I shouldn't give Vanilla less than 5 stars. I know the cupcake fad hit big like 3 years ago. As much as I wanted to jump on the bandwagon and be hip like everyone else at the time, I didn't think much of them. I've tried several cupcake places and thought... "I think the cupcakes at Ralphs/Safeway/Giant Eagle are better." The reason Vanilla's is so good is that the topping (or is it called frosting) is so light, buttery, and whippy. It's not too sweet either. Just perfect. From my taste tests, I've noticed that the cupcakes with the balloon tops are better than the ridged tops. Even their sprinkles aren't obnoxious. When there is a birthday in our office or I feel 'eh' $2.25 cupcake from Vanilla's hits the spot. So far, I'd give Vanilla's My Favorite Dessert Spot in Pittsburgh Award.Yum, yum.
4	Lovely little pastry shop that makes delicious cupcakes! (Much better than Dozen, where they make them way too dry -- someone please tell them!) About as close to Magnolia Bakery as it gets in the 'burgh, without the line around the block.
1	I'd love to give this place a higher rating BUT I never even got the chance to try a cupcake. After circling the block for about 10 minutes because not being from the area the bakery is not well marked. That wasn't the issue. So, the bakery was pretty full of people waiting for some other flavors to be brought out. I was one of them too. 10-15 minutes later.........I was ignored by not one, not two, but three of the employees. I was standing in line just like the other customers but was overlooked by three people. I have not decided if I would even attempt to go back because of this experience.
5	As a birthday present to myself, I decided to try Vanilla Pastry Studio's baked goods.  This was a fantastic idea.Vanilla gets two major things right, that a certain other local cupcake business gets wrong: the frosting and the cake.  The frosting is light and just the right amount of sweetness.  The cake is moist.  I could taste the chocolate in my chocolate buttercream cupcake, and I liked the hints of lemon in the frosting on my red velvet cupcake.  It was hard to choose just two.  They are, however, cheaper than Dozen's cupcakes (Dozen sells theirs at $2.50 a pop, Vanilla $2.25).  Just remember to handle Vanilla's cupcakes carefully if you're taking them to go.  Even though they were packed up nicely in a box, I managed to tip my box at some point so the box was a bit messy when I opened it.  The frosting is whipped and softer than at other places, so these cupcakes shouldn't be tossed around (unless it's directly into your mouth).Vanilla also sells some goodies pre-packed into cellophane bags and tied up with pretty ribbon--nice for a spur of the moment gift. I bought a small bag of brownie bites with peppermint cream centers.  Amazing!  I don't think I'm going to share these.  Maybe next time.  The space is very nice--sort of girly, but don't be scared to come in, because these treats are too good to miss.
4	I love Vanilla Pastry Studio. Their cupcakes are without a doubt the best in Pittsburgh. They are moist, and perfectly paired up with real buttercream frosting. Some of my favorites are the strawberry champagne, lemon, and grape. (Yes, grape)!Other winners at this place include the lollies (chocolate covered desserts on a stick), the homemade ho-hos, and the seasonal pastries. April (the owner) is always friendly and helpful. When I ordered a large number of cupcakes for a birthday party and the order had a mistake, she worked hard to correct it the day before the event. I am giving it four stars instead of five because I believe that some of their items are overpriced. Moreover, every time that I have tried to order a cake, (week or two in advance) I was turned down because they were "booked for weddings." I suppose this is the drawback to having a small, popular, bakery.In a nutshell: It's a nice splurge to have once in awhile, but if you want to order a cake, call a few weeks in advance!
5	The best cupcakes in The Burgh by far!The cupcakes themselves are light and moist.  The icing is a light and fluffy without being too sugary sweet.  I love this place!
5	I first discovered these delicious cupcakes at a Maniac Magazine event.  They were so delicious, I could hardly wait to check out Vanilla bakery!  The shop and staff were so inviting. The fresh pastries displayed in the front give off a wonderful sweet aroma.I selected an assortment of Red Velvet, Lemon and Chocolate Espresso flavored cupcakes.  Each one was so delicious in its own way! I just love the creamy icing!  I could really tell that they were made with fresh ingredients from scratch.I became a fan of the bakery on facebook, and they always update their status so you know what is cooking in the oven.  (:
2	I am in Pittsburgh for Super Bowel weekend. I will say that the cupcake was very moist. The icing is ok, but the reason I only gave them 2 stars is because their service SUCKS! When I got back to my hotel I told the guy at the front desk not to send any of there customers there if they are expecting to receive good customer service or just good service PERIOD.
5	I can't believe that I am updating an update! My birthday was on a Sunday this year and instead of a huge cake, I just wanted cupcakes from Vanilla. Since they are only open for a short day on Sunday's, we called ahead to pick our flavors and they boxed them up for our quick pickup. Love the cupcakes here. We got Vanilla Champagne, Vanilla with Raspberry buttercreme icing, Red Velvet and Vanilla with Mango and Starfruit buttercreme. What a special treat!
5	I'll be honest, I didn't believe all the hype this place was getting. But smack me across the face b/c I should have known better to doubt the majority of the reviews on Yelp! This place is amazing. I can only speak on behalf of the cupcakes b/c that is all that I tried, but they were soooo good. I bought a dozen for my friend's birthday and they were a huge hit. I got a variety and I did like some better than others, but overall they were all delish. This place is a bit pricey - $25 for 12 cupcakes which I think is kinda steep - but people these are gourmet cupcakes so once in a while it's worth the splurge. I'll definitely be going back to this place and picking more up to share with family and friends. My only complaint is their hours aren't really conducive to those of us who work for a living. They close at 6 pm during the week and the only way I was able to get there was b/c I was able to leave work a bit early and made it to the store at 5:00. I guess I can always go on the weekend, but it's tough for me to get the time to do that as well. Oh well - when there's a will there's a way...and believe me my sugar addiction will make me find my way back to Vanilla Pastry Studio.
5	These are the tastiest most addicting little morsels! For my birthday I decided I did not want cake I wanted mini cupcakes because we were going to be in a crowded bar with no seating and a band playing! This idea was perfect for my festivities and super cute! I looked up the web site to find the vast array of cupcake selections. They had so much to choose from, they could satisfy anyone's tastes. I decided on the flavors I wanted and called in my order. The woman who worked with me was so incredibly nice and accommodating. The menu is big but they don't carry every single item on the list at all times. It is best to call and see what they will be making and what they have to choose from as some are seasonal.I had chosen 2 dozen split into boxes of six. So 6 mango passion fruit,  6 s'mores, 6 chocolate peanut butter, and 6 cookies n' cream. I also ordered a jumbo chocolate cupcake for the centerpiece with pink icing. They offered to add a fondant top that said Happy Birthday to MEEE! I'll add my pic so you can see. I'm a customer for life and they are sooo delicious.
4	Yum, Yum, Yum! Got 3 different cupcakes: carrot cake with cream cheese icing, red velvet with cream cheese icing & a basic cupcake base with mango passion icing. The carrot cake was my favorite, the velvet next & not so much on the 3rd. The downsize...the PRICE!!!
5	I have a cupcake obsession. I like of think that i am a cupcake connoisseur.... who doesnt love a glass of rose champagne with cupcakes?  I have tried almost every cupcake speciality bakery in pittsburgh and all of them failed to satisfy me....thats  until i tried Vanilla.I was a having a small soiree and i ordered a dozen cupcakes from here. It was a last minute order but they were able to accommodate me. They had a range of flavours the usual (red velvet, vanilla chocolate) as well as some unique flavours (mango passion fruit, chocolate malted) and with a bit of notice they can pretty much bake any flavoured cupcake for you.   I thought the price was reasonable ($25 for the dozen) they also do mini cupcakes and jumbo size ones. The cupcakes were the perfect size. The cake was moist fresh and not heavy. The icing wasnt overwhelmingly sweet and it was also smooth and not too buttery or milky... In other words i didn't feel like a fat panda after consuming them. Pure perfection.Their customer service was amazing they even recommended some of their favourite flavours . I should mention that the soiree i was talking about mostly consisted of my BF's guy friends and they loved the cupcakes no left overs!!! The hits were the red velvet and the peanut butter chocolate.  The store is also really pretty and cute very High tea!!!.
5	I didn't get to eat the cupcakes here but, I wanted to give them five stars for their service, presentation, and getting the cupcakes to my friend right away!My friend moved to Pittsburgh recently, and I wanted to have cupcakes sent to her workplace. I called them  up, they were friendly, and the next morning they were delivered and my friend said they were delicious. I saw a pic too, and they were cute as can be. What a great success!
5	I always envision heaven being a little bit never ending cookie, cake and sundae bar.  This place comes close to that! The cupcakes are so moist and fluffy! Plus they're packed with a TON of flavor!  I have had the Mango Passion fruit, Dulce de Leche, Coconut, Chocolate Fudge. And seriously...every.single.one was FANTASTIC!  I don't even like chocolate cake that much, but that fudge icing was TO DIE FOR!  The icing is butter cream, but not the the thick version, it's the light and fluffy kind.  If you're like me, an icing expert, you KNOW the different kinds of icing out there. Obviously I'm pretty excited about this place since I'm writing in mostly ALL CAPS!  The store is very simple, but cute. It's great because you can order in bulk and walk out or stop in for a nice treat after one of the great restaurants around the area.  If you don't go, you'll be cheating yourself out of a little piece of heaven, I swear!
5	YUM! A lot of reviews already talked about flavors - but I tried the Key lime one yesterday and it was DELICIOUS! I usually only get chocolate (and peanut butter) ones, but the key lime and raspberry ones were excellent too. The cake part was nice and moist. Agree with some other yelp-ers, do not tilt it even a little bit!!! My walk back home (~10 minutes), the frosting just slid off. I had to scoop it back on. Luckily, it wasn't too bad and I was really satisfied! I would love to try the other pastries (cookies, cakes) in the future!
5	Vanilla Pastry Studio makes the best cupcakes in Pittsburgh, no doubt.I have had their cupcakes twice, both of them were chocolate cupcakes but different buttercream.  I don't remember the flavor of my first cupcake, but the second time was peanut butter.The peanut butter chocolate cupcake was amazingly delicious.  The buttercream was full of peanut butter flavor and slightly salty as well.  It goes very, very well with the cake on the bottom.  The butter cream is fluffy and light, and not too sweet.  It makes the overall taste and texture of the buttercream not too heavy.Same with the cupcake below - its soft and airy, and not too sweet at all.  I felt like the cake could had have more chocolate flavor to accompany the buttercream, but it was overall still amazing.What makes Vanilla's cupcakes so amazing is definitely the light and airy-ness of the buttercream and cake.  The combination produces a dessert that is not too heavy, but also amazing and flavorful.  I don't even like cupcakes, but I love Vanilla's.  It is the best cupcake I have ever eaten in my life.
4	If I could have three wishes when entering Vanilla Pastry Studio they'd be:1. To have the body type and metabolism that allows me to eat as many sweets as possible without the weight gain.2. An endless supply of milk.3. A lifetime supply of their cupcakes.To me Vanilla Pastry Studio is the premier sweet shop in Pittsburgh. No matter what time of day you are there the cupcakes, cookies and such are always so fresh tasting. It's like biting into heaven and if you think heaven is something else well I feel a little sorry for you.The only complaint with these types of shops are they tend to be a bit on the pricey side which helps me with gorging on delicious sweets. But I definitely feel as if you are truly paying for a quality ingredient. I would love to be a commercial of theirs just so they could pay me in cupcakes.
5	Move over (and go far away) Dozen!These cupcakes are little things of happiness. The frosting is very light and smooth and delicious. I have probably tried all their flavors except for the PB kinds and the mango passionfruit is my fave. If you like sweets and haven't been there, you are doing yourself an injustice.
5	I've been trying to find an excuse to stop by Vanilla Pastry Studio for some time now and I am sorry that I waited so long!  I ordered a box of four cupcakes and each one of them was delish in their own special way!   (Don't judge - i only ate two cupcakes and had a small bite of the two I bought my boyfriend.  But who knows what would have happened if he wouldn't have been home.)  But I have to aggree with Rachel C. that they have tons of flavor.   And in my quest to eat everything mint chocolate chip, I gravitated right towards the mint chocolate cupcake.  This is a must have!  I'm not sure how often they make these but I will definitely be ordering more in the future!
4	Yes, the cupcakes are amazing.  We ordered several dozen for a bridal shower--chocolate raspberry, vanilla raspberry, vanilla lemon, chocolate chocolate--and they were a huge hit.  They taste as sugary as they look.  Not only are the cakes dense yet moist and the icing melt-in-your-mouth heaven, but those jimmies on top are something else, too.  Wow.  The leftovers (and by leftovers, I mean the ones the bride and I hid) kept in the refrigerator for a few days just fine.  That said, these are expensive little sweets and I wouldn't pay the price except for a special event.
1	I tried a few things this morning, and was particularly impressed with the carrot cake muffin. Moist and delicious, with a cream cheese icing so light and flavorful as it danced fitfully across my tongue, coyly resisting my every attempt to savor it in my mouth some more. An absolute delight!The aloof and impersonal lady behind the counter wore proudly her IUP Culinary School coat, as if such a prestigious coat of arms should excuse her from the usual niceties expected from a person behind a food-service counter. I smiled and asked if I should try the carrot cake muffins (I'm glad I did!), and she replied sternly that "it depends on whether or not you like carrot cake." Oh really?, I thought, what a rude response to a polite question. There was no stress-inducing long line of customers to blame, either. It wasn't only her attitude that was foreign to food-service. This cakestress looked somewhat other-worldly; so fantastically bizarre-looking that I wondered if she was a magical creature exiled to East Liberty from Planet Moonpie for acrimonious behavior.A cupcake bakery conjures up images of a warm, cozy place (like DOZEN bakery), with a warm atmosphere as well. This place shocks you with its cold, austere, "choose quickly, pay, and go" character. Yikes!Anyway, great bakery from what I can tell, but I would suggest to the proprietors that they enforce some minimal rules of politeness, so that customers are not alienated.By the way, the people who work at DOZEN bakery are some of the most helpful, and they really take pride in their products and exhibit excellent salesmanship. If you want to compete with that, you should think about your appearance as well as your behavior, since your location is non-competitive.
5	I ordered abut 500 mini cupcakes for my wedding without doing a tasting at all!  I actually had never even had any cupcakes at Vanilla Pastry Studio.  I simply went off of yelp reviews, and their interesting unique flavors.  I was not disappointed, and neither were my guests!  The service at Vanilla Pastry is wonderful.  They were quite helpful over the phone, and understood that I didn't have time to come in for a tasting.  Everything was package perfectly, and you could taste that it had been baked that day.  Everyone at the wedding reception was raving over them.  Since then I have stopped by their shop multiple times to treat myself occasionally.  Their cupcakes are unbelievably moist, seriously... I have no idea how they do it!  I recently went to another wedding where they had done a cupcake tower, again they did a stellar job.  If just want a treat, or a large order this is definitely the place to go.  I just wish they had multiple locations, like dozen.  I would definitely pick this place over dozen any day.    My wedding order was:1. Mango-Passionfruit2. Vanilla - Dulce de Leche3. Chocolate - Raspberry4. Vanilla Chocolate5. Vanilla - VanillaThey allowed me to pick theme colors for the balls on top too.  It matched perfectly!
5	So, I have been marnating for a couple of months of how to draft this review. I like cupcakes. I LOVE cupcakes. You could probably say I have a mild obsession with tasting cupcakes from all over, whenever I travel.That being said, I have tried every cupcakery here in Louisville, Cleveland, and then others here and there where I have travelled (Portland, Cincinnati, etc) I also tried a couple other bakeries in Pittsburgh.Went to visit my sister for the weekend, so she planned a cupcake tour of the city. Vanilla was our first stop. I had Hazelnut, she had Lemon, and I believe we took a Vanilla Caramel to go. Fast forward two months. Mom's birthday. My sister brought in about 18 cupcakes from Vanilla again- Strawberry and Mango (for our tropical themed party) as well as a couple of singles- key lime, chocolate, etc.Okay, down to the nitty gritty. I CRAVE these cupcakes. I find myself comparing all others to this studio's cupcakes. Their cakes are very moist. And the frosting, good golly miss molly the frosting. I don't know how they get such a smooth whipped texture, but it truly is heavenly. You are able to sink your teeth in to it and it just melts. Heaven. I may end up making the 7 hour trek up there one day just to go get some. Oh, I guess I could see my sister too. Priorities. . . . ;o)
5	Quite simply, this is as good as it gets.The variety and quality of the baked good here is unmatched in Pittsburgh, and probably most other places.Highlights (there are many): chocolate butter cream, carrot cake (my favorite), peppermint brownies.....  Not open Monday FYI
5	Let's first talk about how amazing the folks at Vanilla are with customers. For my girl Steph's birthday, I wanted to order her some of her fave Vanilla cupcakes. One problem though: I kinda-sometimes do things last minute and I sorta kinda lost track of dates so....only 3 days till birthday dinner, and 3 days that I had to work. Not only did Vanilla create the most delicious cupcakes with mouth watering buttercream frosting, they offered to personally deliver them to my home because I couldn't get off work to pick them up myself! I would eat a cardboard box if it was covered in that frosting.These guys are great. Yes, it's a little pricey but SO worth it. Not to mention you are supporting an adorable local business!
4	Best cupcakes ever. Overpriced, but I would say there is no comparison to any other cupcakes around! Much better than Dozens.The frostings are just so incredibly light and indescribable! My favorite is the mango passionfruit and vanilla with the caramel frosting! Yum!Not too much seating, this place is cute for a quick little mini-date!
4	I love their cupcakes and the fun (and very bright) decor of the studio. One thing that I really enjoy about going in is the window they have that shows the kitchen staff hard at work. The staff is always super friendly and the scent that welcomes you in is divine. Their cupcakes are always delicious and fluffy, the icing to die for, and everything is beautiful! My sister recently turned 30 and, for me, there was no other option of where to order her cake. We decided on a cake and a mixed order of cupcakes. The cake was gorgeous. They matched our colors perfectly, not only on the cake we ordered, but they also included the colors on the cupcakes!! (A total, wonderful surprise to us). One thing that I really like about coming here is their willingness to answer questions (and check if they aren't 100% sure) about ingredients. As a person with an odd food allergy, it is sometimes disheartening to hear "I'm not really sure, but I guess I can check," followed by a roll of the eyes. That is never the case here. They even go so far as to check to see if it could have even come in contact with the cause of my allergy.
5	Vanilla Pastry is located right near my office, so we always get their cupcakes for somebody's birthday, any other special occasion....or you know, when the cupcake mood strikes.  I've picked some up on the way home for a dessert to share with my boyfriend, and given them as a gift to friends.The quality is always excellent.  The cupcakes are the most beautiful things, each looking more delicious than the previous.  The flavors rotate, and I can't recall all the ones I've tried, but I know I enjoyed the lemon cupcakes, and the red velvet in particular.  The frosting is creamy and appealing, and that's a lot coming from me since usually I find frosting to be too sweet and overwhelming.  The decor is adorable too - it really is the cutest, brightest little shop!  I want to say the cupcakes are about $4 each?  But I think it's worth it for the price.  Rather than buy a whole bunch, I'd say just get one for you and one for your lover and just eat them fresh.  They taste best the day you buy them.It's easy to find metered parking in the area, so stop in the next time you are craving something sweet and beautiful!
3	Let's say they are good but it's not the best. They had me with the s'more cupcake, that was really tasty. But every other that i try are well made, moist and everything but they miss some originality. It's a well made cupcake like all the other and for me that's not enough to be worth the trip. If you are craving a traditional cupcake and you want to get what you expect: something beautiful, well done and consistent this is the place to go. If you want to be amazed with something you didn't expect maybe cupcakes are not the answer...
5	AMAZING.I just came from a city rich with cupcakes, and none of them came close to touching the greatness that is Vanilla Pastry Studio.  The prices are just OK, but the taste is amazing.  So far I've only tried their caramel buttercream, but I'm looking forward to my next trip here!
5	Excellent pastries! Their cupcakes are moist, balanced in flavor, & perfectly complemented by the frostings. Not excessively sweet, either, just right. I really like the peanut butter chocolate, & the mango passion fruit cupcakes. Their brownies & scones are also very good. I always bring out of town visitors to this pastry shop, & every one of them has loved it. Only wish they had a espresso bar in there... That would be awesome!
5	AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS.  The vanilla/vanilla cupcake is sent from heaven.  They're all good, but the vanilla/vanilla will change your life. The cake is dense, yet most and delicious.  The buttercream icing melts in your mouth.  The inside of the store is very cute as well.  The staff could be a little friendlier though I must say.  I'll gladly pay $25 a dozen!
1	Really, this place gets a 5 star rating for the cupcakes.  I've had many--every time they are scrumptious!!  Icing is always silky, cake is moist and light.  BRAVO!!However, I feel the need to complain BECAUSE, twice I've bought cookies from there and have brought them home, today was one of those days.  BOTH times I found a long (about 10 inches), dark piece of hair inside one of the cookies!!!  Right now the toffee cookie and piece of hair are sitting on my kitchen window sill--I'd like to mail it back to them!!  Ugh, very frustrating!
5	I love this place.I come from washington d.c area where are have cupcake stores galore but since moving to pitt this place serves probably the best cupcakes i've ever eaten.my fav is the peanut butter chocolate.i've also had a gift box cake which was totally cute and an amazing surprise for my sister in chicago....yes i transported it all the way to chicago and it held up well!  i had the red velvet cake and it was such a cute cake and tasted amazing!!!! highly recommended.  i've never had a cupcake i did not like here.  they are no overly sweet at all and totally hit the spot.
5	As a newcomer to Pittsburgh, I was overly delighted to stumble upon Vanilla Pastry Studio! It is now my go-to bakery for EVERYONE's birthday.  All cupcakes are sure to please---from the Mango Passionfruit to the Red Velvet, Vanilla Pastry Studio has everyone's favorites!  Both the regular and mini sized cupcakes come neatly decorated and are a favorite at gatherings.  The staff is very helpful both in person and over the phone for placing orders.  If you're in the area, the quaint bakery is a great place to stop in for an afternoon treat(cookies, bars, and biscotti, too!).
5	The BEST cupcakes AND patries in Pittsburgh! Put this on your to do list of places to visit if you are in the area! Friendly staff, cute little shop - totally worth $2.50 for a cupcake that tastes great and amazingly moist (even after it's been in my fridge for 3 days!)!
1	HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!This place may have the best tasting cupcakes in town, but their customer service left me very bitter! After reading reviews about the stellar quality of Vanilla Pastry Studio's product, I was really excited at the possibility of using them for our upcoming conference, even though they were more expensive than other local bakeries. Unfortunately, I quickly realized that the expense of their cupcakes wasn't limited to just dollars and cents.For two weeks I went back and forth via email and phone with various members of the bakery staff trying to place an order for 12 dozen cupcakes (the order would've been close to $500.00). After several instances where my voice-mail messages and emails went unanswered for 2 or 3 days, I finally made my concerns known to the owner, April Gruver. She assured me that they took all orders seriously and would be in touch with me the following day, but I never heard from her. In fact, five days went by before I ended up calling the bakery to follow-up. An associate answered my call and I explained to him the situation, but no matter what I said or how many times he put me on hold, April would not come to the phone to speak with me (first I was told she wasn't there, then I was told she was in the bathroom changing, then she "had to run"). Frustrated and appalled by the lack of professionalism and just downright rude behavior, I told her associate to let her know that we were taking our business elsewhere. Apparently she's not at all concerned with losing the opportunity to gain a large order and FREE publicity at a major event, because I haven't heard from her since. I don't care how good the cupcakes are... there's no excuse for this kind of disregard and rude behavior from a business owner.
5	I don't normally allow myself to eat things like this. But on October 1, 2012 I decided to allow myself a cheat month. That's right, an entire month to eat things that I haven't eaten in years. I will tell you now, that I have paid dearly for every single cheat that I have done this past month, but in the case of Vanilla Pastry Studio I can say that it may have been worth it. I have tried the following cupcake flavors:LemonPumpkin with Cream Cheese FrostingVanilla BeanChocolate with Chocolate ButtercreamChocolate with Chocolate FudgeI despise foods that are sweet just for the sake of being sweet. The cupcakes from this studio are anything but sweet for sweetness sake. The flavor just bursts into your mouth with every bite. Everything is so moist, ooey and gooey. My favorites so far have been the Lemon cupcake and the Pumpkin with Cream Cheese frosting. If I had no self-control, I would have returned every day of the month to eat one of each. It does sadden me that it will be at least a year before I allow myself to take even a single bite of these delicious morsels of heaven, but it will make the taste that much better. Vanilla Pastry Studio deserves the spot as my 700th review.
5	I recently tried Vanilla's cupcakes for the first time.  I've been to plenty of cupcake shops, and as many others have mentioned, am usually disappointed, but these cupcakes are something special!  The cake is moist and light, not dry or overly dense as sometimes cupcakes are, and the icing is wonderful.  Most cupcakes are burdened with a heavy-handed overly sweet frosting, but the lightness of the frosting on these was pretty special.  I haven't had many flavors, just the key-lime, but I'll definitely be back again.  Cupcakes are $2.25 and I got a cup of coffee to go with mine for just $1.50 more.  Although parking can be a bit tricky, it's worth the effort if you're looking for something sweet!
5	The Mexican "Hot" Chocolate brownie is a really creative twist on a crowd favorite. A hint of chile, just enough to let you know it's there, goes well with the deep and rich chocolate used to make this tasty desert. Great spot in East Liberty, this pastry place being one of the staples that people will definitely consider a defining establishment in this steadily revived neighborhood. Once you walk in, prepare yourself for the swell of baked goods that fill the air. It's a seriously indulgent experience
3	I initially gave VPS high stars from their maple bacon cupcakes but after doing a tasting in NY and DC then revisiting VPS I must drop them to average status.  The cake was hard and dry (I just had six different flavors) and the frosting/icing wasn't up to snuff.  Sorry for being clouded earlier with the 5-star but I strongly feel an average rating is more appropriate given a second look at the cupcake field of play.
5	I am in love with the cupcakes... Amazing! I have bought a dozen cupcakes and ate them in 3 days! (Sadly...)The vanilla caramel is my OBSESSION... I think about all of the time! (sadly again...)The only thing that throws me off is that the staff and the owner are not particularly friendly... I've seen from many reviews that other people feel the same... Maybe try slapping on a smile here and there people and not be so short!!
4	Went in to order some cupcakes to celebrate a friend's new job. The woman behind the counter was helpful as I had no idea what to order though settled on the following: salted caramel, raspberry almond, spicy chocolate, red velvet, buttermilk chocolate and fudge chocolate. I ended up with the raspberry almond and it was delicious. The cupcake AND frosting were light to the bite which is my preference as to a cupcake with a heavier density (Dozen). And everyone else devoured theirs as well!It came out to $2.25 per cupcake (they have a special of $25 per dozen) so a bit steep for me to make it a regular habit however I'll keep coming back for any special occasions, big or small, to celebrate. However they will be moving to Regent Square in April.
2	I have heard a lot of good things about Vanilla.  So I decided to give it a try.  I went in on my daughters birthday to get some cupcakes.  The woman behind the counter was less than personable, she looked irritated that I wasn't sure what I wanted and even more irritated when I asked questions, like which one was her favorite.  I had my daughter with me, who's birthday it was and she didn't even acknowledge her when i mentioned it was her 2nd birthday.  I bought 4 cupcakes, the red velvet, chocolate, chocolate fudge and espresso.  They were all dry.  I am not sure if I just got some old cupcakes or if they are always this dry.  Needless to say, I didn't find it worth the drive for the bad service and dry cupcakes.
3	My favorite was the vanilla bean.  I have never had a vanilla cupcake that good.They said their red velvet was their most popular.  But is was very boring, whole foods does better.  I could have bought it at safeway.  The frosting didn't have the classic cream cheese edge.The chocolate buttercream was good, but predictable.  Oldie but a goodie.I prefer the West Coast Sprinkles chair leaps and bounds over their cupcakes.
4	One day I got bored and I decided to go on a mini self-guided tour of Pittsburgh bakery (I went to Vanilla pastry studio, La Gourmandine Bakery and Jean-Marc Chatellier's French Bakery.)I got red velvet and peanut butter cupcakes. The red velvet was great. I like the icing and everything. Peanut butter cupcake was okay, it was not really anything memorable. Maybe I was just too high on sugar from all the pastries from other places. Having say that, I would rather get a cupcake or pastries from La Gourmandine or Jean-Marc Chatellier's. Sorry sugar fairies, it was good but I did not get any urges to stuff my face with any of my cupcakes like I usually do with other places.
5	AMAZING. Quite possibly the best frosting I've ever had. I tasted several flavors and each was like a party in my mouth. I'll be dreaming of these for years to come.
