3	Taking over the space Creation occupied just a couple months back is Whiskey Warehouse - pub meets sports bar meets grandiose collection of fermented imbibables. 65 whiskeys and 45 beers! Granted, many of them are domestics and none too exotic - and the sports bar vibe takes over the dark wood and understated pub atmosphere they're going for - but any place with a cask beer on tap is going to get my money at some point.Tried a number of apps and mains - they have a vegetarian menu, which always makes me happy, but it was pretty much cheese and this, cheese and that. Pal's slider's were the highlight of his meal, and they have a number of large salads if you're feeling green. The fried green 'mater burger was tasty and filling, accompanied by decent fries. A couple of items have this fried tomatoes meet fresh tomatoes thing going, as on their green tomato app - strange, but interesting. Space is cavernous but nicely done. Dark wood beams, whiskey cask tables, lots of wood, yay. The newness of everything lends a Mr Toad's Wild Ride feel, but places like this look better aged. Judging by the crowds they've been cramming in all week, I have confidence.This isn't a dining destination - this is a place to take a whiskey afficianado buddy or a beer obsessed pal, as they have an obscure enough selection to appease the snob. Service, even amidst the chaos of opening week, was great. Rough spots: couldn't get anyone on the phone to make reservations, and the crowd was a little too Thomas St. Tavern for my taste (we overheard the popped collar crew sitting next to us order Bud Lights, every one. Amazing.) but I can see myself putting up with it occasionally. As long as they keep that cask around, I will be too.
1	Went on Tusday, the 29th, at about 10 and the place was about 3/4 full.  Since we live in the neighborhood we are happy that such a cool place has moved in and that they had a good crowd -- but our happiness faded pretty quickly.  Waitress brought over the whiskey list,  but iit DIDN'T HAVE PRICES.  Asked the waitress if there was any order to the list (specifically - prices) since we didn't see any particular order,  Waitress said she didn't know, but that most people that knew their whiskey knew what the prices were.  WHAT?  Oh, and when I asked for a beer list she said they didn't have one but would lend me her hand-written copy she was using.  It was all we could do to keep from busting out in laughter.  Drinks were watery and service was poor, and as of now they are allowing smoking.  Hopefully that will stop on 1/2. As the previous reviewer said, we are looking forward to the next place that will open up there.UPDATE -- 1/18went back and they have new menus with the beer & whiskey prices on them,  Had a couple of beers, that's all.
3	i first noticed this place existed yesterday when we were on our way to the Penguin and the stupid bus couldn't decide if it was stopping or not at the Thomas Street light so i had to roll up to the next street where Whiskey Warehouse awaited. We decided to come back and give it a try.  We really liked the feel of the place, exposed brick walls, whiskey bottle pub tables, plenty of whiskey decor going on. There were a number of tvs but the sound didn't seem to sync with the tvs i was watching. i'm assuming that is something that will be worked out.  Unfortunately, i have to work today so i couldn't really explore the whiskey or beer options. Waitress said $2 Bud Lights today and $4 Jack everyday i believe. So we were there for the food. While not a huge menu, there was enough to choose from with most of the standard fare. Of course, i went with the buffalo chicken wrap ($8) minus tomato. It wasn't bad, the sauce didn't seem to be simply on the chicken pieces giving it some buffalo taste even if you were just chewing on the wrap and lettuce which i appreciate. The regular fries weren't bad but the sweet potato fries weren't much better and probably not worth the dollar upgrade. The sweet potato fries don't compare to the ones from the Penguin. The warehouse chicken received a thumbs up at our table and the Prime rib sandwich was given the "it was ok" rating. Our server was on top of our drink refills.i kind of like this place fitting in to the area, sure it isn't too 'eclectic and fun' but it gives a unique watering hole option.
2	Went the other day and tasted the fried green tomato burger (pretty good) and the fries (very tasty).  The food was not bad at all.  Still, I'm not really digging this place.WW is basically a sports bar.  I don't know if it's a chain, but it has that feel (drab uniforms on the staff, an overly planned "warm" decor, etc.).  Drinks are pricier than at any of the surrounding watering holes (except maybe Thomas Street Tavern).  They were out of the cask ale that I had gone in to try.Oh, and the music was horrific.  Not sure if that was the house's choice or if there was a jukebox in there, but there was a lot of recent top-40 formula pop going on.  No me gusta.And then there's the absence of prices on their drink menus.  Very tacky.  It makes ordering a drink a bit like getting a new corporate credit card.  You get the bill and realize you should have asked more questions and read the fine print.  Luckily earlier Yelp reviews warned about this, and luckily we weren't there for shots of whisky anyway.Had to try it out, but won't be back.  Since they seem to be packed every time I drive past on Thursdays - Saturdays, they won't miss my patronage.  Best of luck.
3	We just returned from lunch at the new Whiskey Warehouse and based on the very few (as of this writing) reviews out there on the internet we didn't know what to expect. I have to say that I was pleased with the experience overall. We used to frequent the previous establishment at this location called Creation and wondered how they would change the layout and decor. Well, it's nothing at all like the former restaurant. It truly has the look and feel of a combination saloon and warehouse - hence the name (with a few high tech touches thrown in). A lot of dark woods and an open floor plan make it inviting and unpretentious. The long bar which goes nearly 3/4 of the length of the restaurant is sure to be one of the neighborhood's most popular draws. Even with the small amount of people in there at 11:45 a.m. on a Wednesday I was surprised at the noise level. My dining partner and I had to talk loudly to be heard. I think it was partially because there was a large 50" television with the volume on less than two feet from us coupled with the exposed ceiling and general openness that doesn't absorb sound. If that place ever fills up it will be ear shattering. At the very least they should mute all of the televisions so people don't have to talk over them - with the exception of maybe during Panthers games or larger events like the Superbowl. My dining partner and I enjoyed the food but didn't partake in any libations since it was still the middle of the workday. We plan to come back for a happy hour sometime in the near future. I had the prime rib sandwich and sweet potato fries. I would grade both at about a B. The well-seasoned beef was shaved instead of a big slab and I preferred it that way. The bun was nothing more than a large hamburger bun and I would have preferred a nice Ciabatta bun or Sour Dough hoagie instead. I also would have liked more of a kick in the horseradish mayo. It was a bit tame and I could barely taste the horseradish. The sweet potato fries were good but unspectacular. I mean, they are just fries so there's not much you can do with them, but they were worth the $1 up charge. Portions for both the sandwich and fries were large. I really felt like I got my $9 worth. My dining partner had the Whiskey Glazed Salmon Salad. She was very happy with it. She was certain the salmon would be overcooked as most restaurants do but she was happy with how it was finished. Her salad was also a very large portion and she said she would definitely order it again...in her words "a keeper." The menu to us was just the right size. It was double-sided with about 30+ salad, sandwich and entree items plus 8 or so appetizers. There was a little something for every taste including vegetarians (but nothing vegan because of the dairy). Again, we can't speak to the drink menu but it's clear they have just about anything you would want. There were a couple of drink specials written on the board so there is probably something for every budget too. I see this place becoming popular with the after work crowd. Since the bar is so large it seems like a nice place to belly up and hang out with coworkers and friends for a few cocktails on a Friday evening. Service was fine. It was about what you would expect at your basic neighborhood restaurant - enough attention without feeling either swarmed over or neglected. Our water glasses were always full and the food was brought out in about 10 minutes. I realize the place is new and has yet to develop a following but I was surprised at how empty it was at noon. It was just the two of us and a small group of firefighters from the next door station. There also appeared to be one of the owners or managers with a vendor at another table discussing business. But that was it the entire time we were there. If this restaurant is to survive where others in this location have failed (and the owner is reading this) they need to get the word out aggressively. Word of mouth will only go so far. Consistently send around fliers to local businesses with drink specials and coupons and I predict they will fill the place very quickly. And if they keep serving good food with good service like they did today they will hit a home-run in the Plaza Midwood area. I think 3 to 3.5 stars is appropriate. That doesn't mean it's bad, just not extraordinary. I'll call it above average. We will be coming back for sure.
2	As most of these folks were, i was underwhelmed...Specifically the place just doesn't feel like it "belongs" in the 'hood....I like the layout, and i  likes me some brown party liquor, but its WAY WAY to expensive for what it is...it reminds me if they took a Vinnies and tried to polish and tweak it into a MEZ-type place (no surprise since the Vinnies folks own it) and that type of place just does not fit there...not when you have great places/watering holes like the Beaver, EB's, Soul, Penguin,Common Market all w/in a stones throw of this
2	Well, it seems the potential for upscale whiskey bar is being squandered on the frattiest crowd ever to descend on Plaza/Midwood (which is saying a lot, considering the crowd TST draws). Since the cask beer is my main reason for coming here - and its seldom on tap - I'm giving up. The parking in this area has always been tight but its been taken to a whole other level of screwed since WW opened. Harris Teeter and CVS have put towing programs into effect because patrons of this joint (and hey, others too, but no one really complained until, coincidentally, right after WW opened) are too lazy to park in the municipal lots scattered around the 'hood. Watch out driving by the place in the wee hours, too - you'll inevitably be lunged at by Turd Ferguson and the Misses, thinking you're the cab they called. Idiots.
3	You really have to know what time and day to visit a particular venue in Charlotte, especially one like this which at any given moment can be a family restaurant, a sports bar or a pickup joint.  When it's not full of yahoos, it's a really nice place from my experience today.  I got the Warehouse Burger and wasn't crazy about the BBQ sauce which tasted more like wing sauce (tart 'n spicy instead of rich 'n smoky).  But it was perfectly cooked and the bacon was crisp and tasty.  The waitress was attentive and knowledgeable.  And most importantly, true to their name, they have an obvious, albeit expensive selection of bourbon, whiskey and whisky that covers all the bases.I'd give them four stars if they got rid of all the flat screen TV's and were in a location more suitable to the clientele that enjoys eating and drinking what's on their menu.  If we're lucky, when something else trendy and new opens up in PM, WW will mature into a really great spot.  Time will tell, so stay thirsty my friends...
3	My favorite dish at Creation is the Green Curry Beef with Rice.  That option of being able to pick your favorite meat (or tofu) with a curry to match your level of spicyness is just ....Wait... I lost one of my favorite Midwood date places and they put in the Whiskey Warehouse?Alright.Totally the polar opposite of its predecessor, the Whiskey Warehouse offers a little more of a preppy option to the Plaza Midwood scene.  But don't get me wrong, the place isn't too shabby at all.The decor is warm and inviting with lots of leather and stained hardwood.  With standard tables, large high tops, bar seating, and a small couched lounge, you are going to be hard pressed not to be comfortable.  And there are plenty of televisions to catch the games on both sides of the bar.The beer specials are always good and Fat Tire on draft usually throws a smile on my face.  They have gotten creative enough with the food that it stands out from normal run of the mill bar fare.If you are looking for something relatively light (with a hefty portion), you cannot go wrong with the Prime Rib Sliders.  They take a basic concept to the whole next level.  And the Fried Green Tomatoes are pretty darn tasty.Oh, and they have whiskey.  Lots of it.  If you are a connesuir of the bourbon, there is a really solid chance that they have your label of choice.As with any of the establishments in that block (T-Street, Penguin, Dish, CM), parking is going to be an issue.  You might be better off just passing on their lot that is conjoined to the gravel lot out back of Common Market and chancing it in the post office/T-Street lot.With it still being in the Wood, there is still that welcomed smattering of heavily tattooed, gorgeous servers to pine over.
1	UPDATE: The WHISKEY folks have taken it to a new level by stealing a drink from a real bar....ever been to the area bar on SUN and have a lovely tall bartender serve you a fabulous "Beavosa" ( High LIfe and OJ)?....WELLLLLL, now you can get the same thing here called a "Redneck Mimosa"...seriously ????....did Muffy or Biff come in and say they had this down the street....what next, a hardcore country band to start playing on Sundays called the Juice Zagnuts, fronted by brothers name Brad and Mike?...
3	A warehouse full of whiskey -sure, sounds like fun. A few of us dropped by Whiskey Warehouse after a late dinner down the street. We arrived around 9:30 pm on a Friday night and, while it wasn't super crowded it was starting to fill up. The music was definitely loud and they were playing all sorts of tunes, mostly rap & pop when I was there. I agree with Julia S. - the crowd was pretty frat like - but frat brothers 10 years post-college. We were able to order drinks right away and the bartender was fairly friendly and efficient. Just as their namesake states, they have an extensive whiskey menu, and I would hope the servers are helpful in those selections, but none of us partook in those libations. They also had a decent wine selection, too. Inside, WW sports a number of big flats screens and a partial brick/industrial feel inside. I imagine if you can score a table, this would be a good spot to hang with some friends for a few hours. They also offered some fairly sweet daily drink specials - one that caught my eye is their Sunday drink special - $2 mimosas and $3 Bloody Marys. Mmmmm hmmm...can't wait until noon on Sunday!
3	This place became the new hot spot in Charlotte. On weeknights you will find a very chill crowd with not a lot of crazies out. You can enjoy a beer with friends, have some dinner, and go home happy and buzzed. Weekends, however, have turned into some what of a Charlotte nightlife nightmare. What was supposed to be (I am assuming) a chill atmosphere quickly turns into something you would find at Black Finn (without the dancing). If you're into that sort of stuff (which I am) then it's great, but if you're not, I think you'd be better off going to Thomas Street, which has a less crowded scene.
2	I had my doubts about this place from the beginning, but since it was suggested by another person in our fairly large party, I decided not to be difficult and go. We arrived at 8:30 on a Friday night. The wait was OK considering we had 9 in our group. They do have a cozy waiting section in the corner, filled with plush couches and chairs, however it's not a very intimate spot. The music was so loud and the couches were so far apart everyone in the group ended up shouting across the space just to have a conversation. The wait staff, hostesses and bartenders we all very friendly and quick to offer up something to drink. The food was ... OK. Not the worst I've had, but certainly not the best. I got the grilled cheese - it was as expected. The fries were very good. Two friends got burgers, who said they were decent, and another two friends got the steak kabobs, which received mediocre reviews. The other patrons weren't quite as fratty as I was expecting from reading previous reviews on here, but I can see where they were going with it. No Affliction or Ed Hardy tees in sight ...
3	I must have arrived on a good night, Tuesday. Based on all of the reviews I read, I already had my presumptions. The crowd though, wasn't wearing matching shirts, khaki shorts and loafers. We actually had some variation and not just with different colored polos. The drinks were heavy on the pour and the tap water tasted excellent. Bartender was sweet and cute and I  definitely see the party potential here. The decor is distinguished with brick walls, caskets and quite fitting for the Whiskey theme. While Whiskey Warehouse seems to cater to the yuppie crowd (me on Mon-Fri), it doesn't quite meld with the natural hip and swag that Plaza Midwood carries. It is upscale, trendy, "hipster-ish" and appears as if it's trying to fit into that "cosmo" overpriced niche that many businesses around town seem to abuse. Either way, love it or hate it; I appreciate variety, especially with new watering holes. I am really not much of a lush when it comes to Whiskey, but I will be back for the food as the menu looks quite tasty and Veg friendly.
5	I've been to Whiskey several times now and I have never had a problem! In fact I've always had a good time!! Parking sucks in this area period. I don't drink whiskey, but my boyfriend does and I don't think that they're prices are so outlandish in fact I think they have pretty reasonable pricing! The bartenders were all nice and pretty attentive. Food had been good (Fried Green Tomatoes being my Favorite).I think that Whiskey just adds to the neighborhood and gives us another option to go whether its for the "frat guys" or the "hipsters". I'm neither, but I live in area and would like somewhere to go and hang out and not feel sooo out of place because I'm not all tatted up, in a sorority, or a musician (no offense) :) . I'm just a young professional who wants to go out and drink!! So thank you Whiskey for bringing something new and good to the neighborhood!!
5	I love this place! The staff is friendly, and the food is excellent. The French fries are addictive, but if you want to save some calories the salmon salad is one of my favorites. They now serve brunch on Sundays with a do it yourself Bloody Mary Bar. I have never had a bad meal here, and since its next to my place, I eat here a lot! They also have a great wine list, and bear selection if your not a whiskey drinker. If you are a whiskey drinker try the Jack and Coke slushy. Can't be beat on a hot NC day! Great place for sports fans to watch the game!
4	Came here to watch the Giants game since it wasn't on at home.  Decided to partake in some $2 mimosas and my friends tried the $3 bloody mary's.  We knew we'd be here for a while so we decided to eat smething right away and then again later.  I had the wings in the barbalo sauce, combo of buffalo and bbq.  They were really good, had a bit of a kick but it evened out w/the sweetness of the bbq sauce.  My friends had fried green tomatoes, which I didn't try but have had them and I really like them, and spinach and atrichoke dip, that was really good too.After a few hours we decided to eat again and we had grilled cheeses all around.  My nephews had them here once and we all kept stealing bites because it was so good!  I got mac and cheese as a side and the others got fries and sweet potato fries.  Grilled cheese was delish but the sides are not their strong point.  Fries are bit soggy and the mac and cheese was okay, but I didn't find myself digging in like I normally would.I like it here, the beers are decently priced, its a nice bar, and the staff is pretty good.  I was here early so parking wasn't an issue, but I know it can be.  The clientele was very mixed, there were families, couples out for brunch, some elderly people, plenty of rowdy football fans, but nobody off putting.  All in all I like it here and tend to forget about it.  I will def be back!
4	I'm a tad overdue on my update. Several visits later and Whiskey isn't has horrible as the rep it seems to have accrued. Yes the fratty crowd hasn't changed much, but it's quite an eclectic fratty crowd. My last visit was for the UFC fight and I got lots of free schwag. Free schwag, whaaa!? Bud light sponsored the event and gave us free hats, key chain can openers, t-shirts, bottle sleeve/glove coozy thingy and free beer! Free beer, whaaa?The drink specials are decent, $3 for OMB Copper on Saturday nights at a place that looks this new and nice?? That's a steal. Food isn't too shabby either. Good fried green tomatoes, decent wings, decent Mac n Cheese, and the barrel burger is pretty fulfilling and rad. What is the barrel burger you say? Well my friend, it's a tasty meat patty topped with chili and a fried egg of course!The DJ still plays a lil' too much Kesha and crap though.
5	Oh Sunday Football!! Only to be made better by the Bloody Mary bar and cheep Mimosa's oh and $2 Bud lights!! They have a map of the floor chart that shows what TV's will be showing what game so you could pick your area out. I thought that was pretty cool considering they have TVs everywhere!! It was fun and close to home!
4	I expected to walk into this place and be surrounded with girls dancing on the bar ala Coyote Ugly (sad that's what I think of when I think whiskey bar!), but was pleasantly surprised all around.We came for a baseball game, Tuesday night around 730. There were some open tables, but we opted for the bar. Asian female bartender was great, and the beers were fresh and clean off the tap and some nights they've got great specials on domestic beers and Monday they've got a deal on ribs.Anyway, we ordered the Protein Platter (new on the menu) and the Salmon sandwich. Protein Platter was EXCELLENT, and the salmon sandwich was cooked well but I felt like the spicy aoli lacked spice and taste.Staff was attentive, cheerful and accurate. Food was great, but I felt the salmon was a little blah. Sure it's not your average Plaza Midwood haunt with the mix of punks, bankers and bums BUT it's really a comfy, nice bar that I'll definitely head back to.
2	I read the reviews before hitting up Whiskey Warehouse and wasn't entirely sure what to expect.  On the one hand, a place that purports to specialize in bourbons and whiskeys and conveniently has a vegetarian menu; on the other hand, reports of a sports bar vibe and a fratty clientele.  Hm.Still, my brother is a big bourbon drinker and wanted to give it a try.  We rolled in around 8:30 on a Saturday night and were able to snatch a booth with a good view of the USC/Florida game.  Our server was perky and did her best to be helpful but admitted she wasn't much of a bourbon drinker.  She was, however, chatty and amply cleavaged, and given the crowd, the noise, and the TVs, seemed to be appropriate for the type of clientele WW apparently wants to service.  (And, yes, it's true - the clientele was decidedly frat-tastic.)What I really wanted from WW was a dark, more intimate, saloony-style place, perhaps with servers who actually knew what they were serving and with management who cared more about the whiskey than about the game.  Unfortunately, Whiskey Warehouse is just another generic sports bar dressed up as a concept bar.  Meh.
4	I went to an event at Whiskey Warehouse on Wednesday. They partnered with The Olde Mecklenburg Brewery to do a beer and food pairing. My review is going to be based on this rather than just the venue itself.I have to say the event was a lot of fun! I grew up in a brewery town and participated in my fair share of food and wine pairings but never put the two together. They had the event set up in the back- the eating area was extremely low key and casual. I would normally not think to eat in a venue like this- as it seemed more bar-like. We enjoyed the first of four tastings - the Mecktoberfest Maerzen style amber lager. The beer was delicious- I have to say! I need to get to OMB stat! The first course (and probably my favorite) was a grit cake with barbecue chicken. I envisioned it being messy- and to be honest grit cake sounded questionable. It was presented very well- neat and almost delicate. The grit cake was flavorful and delicious. It was also paired with OMB Copper "Altbier" which was very tasty and went well with the dish. The second course was a salad with field greens, strawberries, cranberries, feta, candied walnuts...I think that covers it. I ate the entire thing and it was good- but not great. I think the mistake here was whole cranberries- which are very tart. I think they kind of threw together everything that's good about a unique salad but unfortunately it was a bit overkill. They served this with the OMG Mecklenburger -which is a very light style beer. Our beer expert described it as boat- or beach beer, It was my least favorite of all four but still great.The third course -(and by this time I started feeling like I was going to burst at the seems) was a pot roast with scalloped potatoes and green bean casserole. Our host  mentioned it was meant to serve as a thanksgiving-esque dish minus the turkey since he knew we would all be eating alot of it quite soon. The Bauern Bock Seasonal we had here was by far my favorite- it had a lot of spicy notes. I think it was a bit rich to eat all of that food at once but the green bean casserole was so delicious- mmmm. Everything tasted great ! no dessert was offered but that was seriously OK with me since I really was almost uncomfortably full at that point. Overall I was impressed with the pairings - our hosts seemed very comfortable speaking to us about both the beer and it matched with what we were eating. It was clear that  everyone was very knowledgeable! I will say it was kind of a lot of food for me to eat at once! They were very generous with the beer pourings which subsequently led me to being insanely full for most of the dinner. One word of caution for vegetarians. I noticed they had a special set menu but were including shrimp with the grit cake (in lieu of chicken). I am not sure they fully understand that many vegetarians will not eat seafood. I would definitely love to do something like this again. I know they have a scotch dinner coming up- which I am not a huge fan of but if it IS your type of thing check it out- you wont be disappointed!
1	Whiskey Warehouse has a gorgeous interior, a great concept, but terrible food and service, and management that just doesn't seem to care. I went in with a group of friends for lunch at 11am on a Saturday- we were the only customers in the place. It took over an hour for us to receive our food. At least 12 people who came in after us (and two who even came in after we ordered) received their food before we did. Despite numerous inquiries, we didn't even get an apology out of the server or management. I'd eaten there once before and the shrimp kabob had been pretty decent, but the turkey burger several of us got was dry and tasteless, and they served me a side of chopped onions and peppers as the "vegetable of the day". Onions and peppers are what you cook vegetables in! Others in our party received their food cold, ironic after how long we waited. There are just too many good restaurants in the area for me to EVER go back there again. Sticking with Thomas St Tavern from now on!
4	i can not give a full review on whiskey but from what i had, the good looking waitresses and the atmosphere it makes me want to go back.i did not try any food on my visit. i did like the atmosphere and music being played and its a great place if you like bourbon and whiskey which i do.
4	Really enjoy this place for football. The TVs and sound system are fantastic and there isn't a bad seat in the house. The food is great and reasonably priced too. I really enjoy the wing flavors i tried, but they could be a little spicier and saucier for me, but thats just how i like my wangz, y'allI. I tried the buffalo and the habanero mango flavors, both were delicious. Service is fantastic and the servers are very easy on the eyes. I love tights and yoga pants!
4	A great place to watch the game.Many 60 inch HD plasmas with great sight lines about anywhere you sit.They have the usual selection of pub grub.The fries are better than average.
4	I met a few friends out here last night and really enjoyed my evening. The bartenders were quick and friendly. I enjoyed the DJ's music - nice mix of some new and old school. Of course I drank whiskey. Drink prices were reasonable. There was a good mix of different types of people in the crowd. Not as many "frat boys" as others have reviewed.I did not have any food, but would go back to try it. So my 4 star rating is just for drinks and the evening vibe of the place. I would go back.
4	Let's just suppose you are not a fan of having a wide selection of Whiskey, Bourbon, and Scotch at your fingertips that is reasonably priced. Or even if you could care less about an intriguing beer menu of both local an national brands. Maybe you don't even drink alcohol! You should still go to Whiskey Warehouse. The Plaza Midwood location is a neighborhood I love because of the community and the other restaurants and bars in the area, but Whiskey is a little different. Hardwood floors, walls, tables, everything gives it a bare stripped down feeling, but if the wood looks less than comfortable that pop a squat on one of the lush overstuffed leather couches in the corner. The food is fan-freaking-tastic! Wings, ribs, steak, and even great salads and sides for my vegetarian friends. It's never really that crowded, which is perfect because it isn't really that big but somehow gives off a spacious vibe. Maybe it's the high ceilings or giant plasma tv's over the bar. Whiskey is a great place to start or end your night. They have fun events and month long drink specials! "Home of the $4 Jack Daniels," is a great slogan they proudly boast, but I just love it for ambiance, selection, and general merriment.
4	Sports fan's paradise.  Seriously, there are flat screens almost lining the perimeter of the place, and a big open bar area allowing for large crows without getting crunched together.   The major drawback, in my opinion is that it's hella loud, but if you're there for the game, we'll just call that 'energy.'   If you're looking for a place to have a conversation over dinner and are not that into sports, I'd probably grab a drink there and then head to a quieter place for dinner.
4	Cool place!  I love the ambience... huge bar, lots of tables and booths, big leather chairs, chandeliers.  It's a Gentleman's bar where ladies are welcome.  I like it.  I don't know much about Whiskey but this place makes me want to try their many different kinds.  Oh, and I loooved the music that was playing.  Next time I'll try the food and report back.
5	It's a shame this place is getting such poor reviews.  I had a great experience here last Thurs. night the staff was more than friendly and how can you beat half priced wine by the glass or bottlev-that will bring me back any night.I enjoyed the atmosphere and my whiskey shots.  I think this is a great place to bring a group for some cocktails.   This place has a lot of potential can't wait to come back and check out the menu and some more whiskey.
2	Good enough pub food with a kind of annoying attitude.I was happy to see something go in to the space left by Creation.  I've been several times for supper or lunch with groups ranging from two to eight.  They have a burger with bacon and egg that is delicious, if freakishly messy, and what I usually get.  Their sweet potato fries are crispy and garlicky like I like them.  They have at least a couple of vegetarian options, although the one my partner gets usually would better be described as cheese sauce with a few vegetables over white rice (not unappealing, but not light or healthy in any way).  There are LOTS of TVs throughout the bar and next to each booth, although they are easy enough to ignore if you want to have a conversation.  There seems to be an extensive bar, although I've never tried it.As for the attitude, this is a restaurant with roughly eight parking spaces during the day when other businesses in the area are open.  The restaurant has decided that a good use of one of those spaces, and the one closest to the door mind you, is as permanent parking of a testosterone surrogate muscle car.  God knows I'm all for attitude and funky, but not when it interferes with function.  The staff routinely park in the post office parking lot next door during business hours, which then leaves the post office without adequate parking.  WW's owners are adding a rooftop bar this winter, requiring even more parking.  There is a sense of entitlement and disdain for their neighbors that doesn't sit well with me.If you are looking for a place to watch a game or for a bar at which to stop on the way home, you could do worse.  If you are looking for a good neighbor, you'll probably want to move on.
5	With the name Whiskey Warehouse, I wasn't sure what to expect. But who cares b/c I loved it! The inside is a huge area full of tables along with a little lounge area with cushy seats and ottomans plus tv's everywhere you look. The service was great plus you can't beat beers for $2 and $3 along with a selection of pretty much every whiskey or scotch under the sun. They have a dj playing current tunes along with the early 90's jams that we all love so. Oddly enough, it seemed louder outside than inside but oh well, it was a great time.  Parking is a bit scarce in their lot but you can always look at the lots off Thomas Street and off street parking or keep an eye out for the cabs strolling by there every five minutes---lifesavers I tell you.  I will be back here for sure.
4	Met some friends here on Sunday for drinks and food.  I've stopped in here for drinks before but had never ordered any food.  They had bloody marys for $3, along with mimosa's, redneck mimosa's, and bud lights for $2.  I thought the redneck mimosa's were especially good; they are a mixture of lions head beer, orange juice, and a splash of ginger ale.  I'm not a huge salmon fan but the the salmon salad looked especially good for $9 and the chicken tenders were nicely breaded and very fresh.  I had the southern sandwich which consisted of a fried chicken breast on a bun with bacon, pimento cheese, lettuce, and tomato on top...great sandwich!
3	I live in Plaza Midwood, and if anything I am happy to have more and more drinking/eating options in my own 'hood.  Whiskey Warehouse is my Monday night spot: half-price wings and half-price NC beer.  After a few visits, here are my "thoughts" with this place:Service: SUCKS! No offense, Monday night isn't per se BUSY, so there is no reason why we have to wait eternity to get an order or two of wings.  The bartender was polite, but definitely not attentive.  They are too busy cleaning up the bar or counting $$ most of the time (I normally get here after 9:30, which isn't exactly closing time).  This past Monday my friend's order of wings was sitting under the heat lamp for at least 15 minutes, then made its round to the patron NEXT to us, then back to the heat lamp for another 5-10 minutes, and finally made it to our seats.  I would have told them to eat that nasty melted blue cheese dip if it was my order.  Space: SMALL.  Monday nights is ok, but I was here on a Saturday night to drink, and omg, it's a challenge to get to the bar.  Wonder at what point they will realize that big long table put smack in front of the bar is a bad idea... Food: OK.  I mostly eat wings here, and I have to say I like the Jerk flavor best.  It's a dry rub, not the sticky gooey sauce type.  But may I say MSG? I'm Chinese and I think I ODed on that stuff this week, which is almost impossible, until nowDrink: Thumbs Up.  $4 Jacks ALL DAY EVERYDAY.  $3 Lionshead draft.  Enough said. Parking: Good luck... is all I have to say.  On weekend, just park over at Thomas Street and walk over.  I swear I have never seen so many cars packed into a gravel lot.  I seriously had to do a 3-point turn just to move around the corner... scary no one's car has been hit by the less careful driversTo sum it up: I'll stick to this as my Monday night place, and not on a Monday when I am short on patience or super hungry or I may lose it on the wait staff.
2	On Sunday, March 6th I took my mom in for some lunch. Late lunch....as in we beat the "Sunday lunch crowd". Though our BT/Server was nice, service took foreverrrrrrrrrrrr. We waited to order about 25 mins and then waited another 40 on our food. We saw two couples receive their food and both we had seen come in and seat after us. Not sure what was going on that day and wish I could post a better review as the food wasn't bad. But the service.....SUCKED
4	Solid neighborhood place to chill with friends or grab a good meal. I'm particularly fond of Sunday's when the bloody mary bar is set up. They've got a lot of TV's set up and play some good music. And ladies...it doesn't have a feel of a sports bar, so no worries there. I've had the fish & chips here a few times and it's my go to meal. Not the best I've ever had, but let's be honest...it's fried fish and fried potatoes...score!
4	So I gave Whiskey Warehouse another try after giving a not so hot review the first time around. Round II was WAY better! My friend and I went in on Monday night and Jordan was our waitress. She was super sweet and very prompt. We both ordered ribs and they were fall off the bone good. If you are not up for spicy however, these may not be for you. We were in and out of there in an hour with full belly's and smiles all around. Much improved and I'll be back again for yet another go.
4	Really enjoy the food and the service everytime I frequent this Plaza/Midwood hangout!  Great TV coverage, good music, and lots of room if you want to go with a group.  And rumor has it, they are getting ready to open a kick ass roof top bar!  Can't wait for that!  FYI...parking can be somewhat of a challenge during busier times.
5	This is me giving Al and his staff my redemption song. I finally made it back in there, this time with my coupon, and had dinner again. I could make a comment on the service being a tiny bit slow.....but they were SLAMMED when we walked in. However, the hostess greeted us promptly and let us know she was doing her best to get us a table. We only waited a few minutes and they had us down and the server came by. I wish I remembered her name because not only was she personable, she was funny too....major plus. We ordered an Asian Style Grilled Chicken and Rice appetizer (which must be new,because the waitress was not aware of it) and it was awesome. It definitely shouldn't be overlooked when ordering. I got the Veggie Burger and my friend got a Maple Pineapple Chicken Sandwich concoction which I advised her against because it seemed like an odd combination. Stupid me....it was awesome! Both were actually really good. Beer was really cold and they had $2 Domestics....another plus. Service was prompt, especially considering they had 3 HUGE parties in at the same time. I will most def be back again and again. Oh.....and did I mention the manager also comped us free shots....that's service....with a smile!
5	I just remembered that I needed to update my WW review.The restaurant is still good.  The service is still good.  Not a lot has changed in my thinking out front.BUT if you are in need of a talented management and staff to be able to help you with a special event, I highly recommend hitting Al and the gang up for use of their back room.We took Beards BeCAUSE to Whiskey for our inaugural "No Laughing Matter" show.  It was a night of stand-up comedy to combat domestic violence.  Yes, I come up with some odd ideas.The crew at Whiskey were extremely accomodating.  They made it easy for the crowd and servers to communicate without disturbing the comics and offered their full menu.  (I housed the steak and asked for bacon added to my mac and cheese in between shows.)We comfortably sat about 55 for the first show and 65 for the second.When the first show ran a little long, the staff was totally on point with turning over the room for the second show.  And they were on the spot with more tables and chairs when the second crowd was larger than the first.They really helped fine tune my wacky idea and turned it into a fantastic fundraiser.  We look forward to going back every year for this unique fundraiser.
4	Been there a few times. Great bar, and the food is really good - especially the mac-n-cheese!
5	If you didn't walk into a bar, you wouldn't know you were eating pub food. Amazing mac & cheese. Great wings. The 'famous' pimento cheese is awesome. If you are there for breakfast, get the biscuits and gravy. They are the best I've had in Charlotte! The atmosphere is great and with the new deck open it is the place to be! If i lived closer, I'd be there every night.
4	I have only been here drinking but what a great spot!  The "Top Shelf" on the roof now is super cool and has a great skyline view.  Fun DJ on Saturday nights too!  Service at the high tops is awesome, they come by very often and are super fast.  Love you Whiskey Warehouse!!!  :-D
3	3-star is generous, it's more like 2.5-star for my recent visit on Thursday  to meet friends for drinks.  The place was pretty packed for 9pm.  The 4 of us got some appetizers.  Nachos was HORRIBLE.  For $8, it definitely did not worth the price.  Can't believe I'm going to say this, but I would rather go to Taco Hell (I mean Bell) and get nacho there.  The pimento cheese spread was ok, look a little odd since it was mostly shredded cheese.  It had a little kick to it.  Not sure tortilla chips is the best companion for it... The best was the fried cheese balls.  We ordered wine that night, it was half-price bottle night.  Same as my original review, nothing to complain about the drinks.  Now on to service.  It was fine for the most part.  And just when you think something improved, one of the 3 waitresses that served our table (and she acted like she's the more "senior" of the 3) came over at 11ish, stopped us in the middle of our conversation and asked if we could tap out because she would much rather go home.  REALLY?!  Here's a news flash: how about get your rude & lazy butt home and let someone else finish out our table and get the tips that you obviously didn't deserve.  I worked in restaurants before, I waited tables, so I'm not just talking out of a pie hole with no merit.  That just totally rubbed me the wrong way.  All these months later, food was still so-so (super sub-par for nacho... a bar food staple that's really not hard to master) and the service still needed improvement.
3	I love the fairly new rooftop patio here - just awesome! My only complaint is that you cannot get food service there. I will say the bartenders were very accommodating and friendly. We went downstairs (after about a 10 minute wait) to get a table for 6. 15 minutes later no one even greeted us - I asked a nearby server if she was ours and she replied no, I then asked if she would get the server who was ours. 10 minutes later still nothing so I went back to the hostess who about 10 minutes later sent over that original server who claimed we weren't hers. If they were really busy I might have understood but we watched our "server" flirt with several guys at the bar and then stand around and chit-chat at the hostess station. After I explained to her that we would be leaving she just lamely said "oh sorry" . We went over to Jacks where the service was fantastic. I think management really needs to work on giving great service because they missed out on 6 dinners and several drinks...not to mention I may think twice about going there on game-day due to poor service.
2	Whiskey Warehouse - your service sucks and I could get better pimento cheese dip at the HT across the street.  I was here last Thursday and at 11pm a snottty manager-type lady came over and asked us to cash out because she wanted to leave for the night.  WHAT??  How can you be rude and come over so early?!  I looked at my watch and thought geeez time must have gotten away from us but no - it was only 11.  Are you kidding?  Can yall get with it?
3	I stopped by their space on Saturday evening at the Brewer's Ball  for the Cystic Fibrosis foundation. They brought some sort of ribs as well as  Pimento cheese with corn chips.  Of course, since I don't partake in beef or pork, I passed on the ribs. But, I sampled their pimento cheese with chips.  It was made the way I like it, meaning its really cheesy, you can't really detect the mayo, and it had a slight kick.
5	Excellent selection of Scotch, Whiskey and Bourbon!  Good pours for the price.  Knowledgable staff - they know what they got and got what they know!  Helped us learn even more about whiskeys, bourbons, and scotch.Service is always friendly and attentive.We ordered the Nachos.. once ... and will never order again :-/  But the pimento cheese and chips Rocked! Yum!Highly recommend Whiskey Warehouse!
5	We visited the Whiskey Warehouse for the first time this past Sunday night.  Parking wasn't ideal (or well-defined), but we found a spot (or made our own).  Upon entering, we were impressed by the look, atmosphere, and wide-open space of the restaurant.  It was very inviting, fun, and alive with energy.  Our server was great, too, and she reminded me a bit of Rachael Ray -- both in her smile and her voice.  We got a great booth on the side of the restaurant (although I would have also have been happy at one of their several high-tops.)  I ordered a Bratwurst Sandwich from the "Local Food Section" of the menu.  For $1 extra, I substituted sweet potato fries for regular.  The bratwurst was delicious, topped with grilled onions and peppers, and so full of flavor.  It was just the right size, too, so I didn't feel overstuffed.  My partner on the other hand ordered the Southern Chicken sandwich -- a fried chicken breast with pimento cheese and bacon.  It was freakin' HUGE and a damn good value.  He couldn't even finish it all.  The sweet potato fries were delicious, too!I also enjoyed watching the drunk sports fanatic at the table next to us who moved in very slow motion and tried to hold his head up the whole time we were there.  He was quite entertaining. Lastly, if you're into whiskey (unfortunately, I'm not), they have a fantastic selection of brands for you to try.   We'll definitely return for a fun, casual night out.  I'd love to try their upstairs, outdoor seating/bar when it warms up again.
4	I am a big fan of this place.  First I love whiskey, it's one of my favorites.  The atmosphere here is good and so is the service.  The food is what keeps me coming back.Before moving to the South I didn't know pimento cheese existed and my waistline was thankful.  Currently it is on the top of my list of favorite foods and my expanding waistline has to visit the gym more often to keep up.  All this rambling is to say GET THE SOUTHERN CHICKEN SANDWICH.  It is a dietary nightmare but oh so delicious.  It is a fried chicken breast with pimento cheese and bacon on a gloriously soft bun.  I've had other stuff here too and it's good, but this sandwich is by far my favorite.  Try it, you won't be sorry...unless you're on a diet.
5	Excellent selection of Scotch, Whiskey and Bourbon!  Good pours for the price.  Knowledgable staff - they know what they got and got what they know!  Helped us learn even more about whiskeys, bourbons, and scotch.Service is always friendly and attentive. Super fun gals!The pimento cheese and chips Rocked! Yum!Highly recommend Whiskey Warehouse!
4	So....checked out the place on Saturday night. I've only been here one other time and it was for lunch, so I don't remember too much about the place. From reading other reviews, i'm assuming the upstairs is a recent addition? I'm sure it will be a 100% return investment for WW. Parking was pretty difficult to find, but i'm sure it was probably even worse than normal this weekend b/c of the locals that were trying to flee to other places away from uptown, due to the CIAA tournament in town for the weekend. I'm a sucker for places with no cover, so that earned WW some points. We got there around 11pm and the downstairs area wasn't really that crowded. We walked upstairs and it was pretty packed....kinda hard to walk around, but hey, that's life, right? The ladies there were pretty good looking and appeared to be well put together. I'm a people watcher, so I look at everyone....as for the fellas, like others have touched on, there were your typical frats and older gentlemen that look like they just came out of retirement, but haven't been out in so long, they don't know how to fit into a social environment....Sperrys boat shoes, button down shirts tucked into jeans (oh my goodness, a fashion pet peeve for me....almost worse than flip flops with jeans and a hoodie), sportcoats that look like they came from the two piece suit that they probably wear during the week for work.....anyways, gotta stay on topic right?  Music was your typical 80s/90s hits that most bars play.....nothing special. Drinks were reasonably priced, spectacular views of the Uptown Charlotte skyline and that purrty Duke Energy Building. Would definitely check out the place again as I do like to switch up my spots....it has potential to be a good Spring/Summer joint
4	Sit upstairs on the patio during nice weather and enjoy the view and wings!  Ribs are great too.
1	The food sounded pretty good, but we never found out. We sat, ignored, for about 20 minutes before walking out. We sat on the upstairs patio and were summarily ignored after being handed menus. The only attention we received was when we finally started walking back down the stairs, hungry and parched. But too little, too late. There are plenty of great restaurants in the neighborhood (with great service), don't waste your time here.
1	My last time here (and I DO mean last time), they had lost control of their own establishment.  They couldn't get you a table or tell you how long it would be.  You were supposed to wade into the crowd and commandeer your own table.  And then, best of luck getting service.  If this is your only option for a night out, stay home.  I hope it let's me vote no stars.  One star is WAY too many.
2	the current reviews back up my review I did over a year ago....in a neighborhood w/as many great bars as P-Wood has, WHY would anyone bother coming here?...although as it IS a landing point for every poser-ey douchebag & pretty person in a 10 mile radius, maybe we SHOULD encourage its existence so they can all flock here and stay out of the good bars in the area...so if you're reading this and from the 28210-28211-28207 zip code, WW is the greatest bar ever invented by man or God.....
5	I know, I know; "Good menu selection" or "Holy cow, amazing" may not necessarily be the first thoughts that pop into mind when you think of Whisky Warehouse. But to my wonderful surprise, there's far more stacking up in this kitchen window than just good 'ol Jim Beam. I'm so pleased to say that its name actually doesn't do this joint a bit of justice; aside from an awesome bar scene, dining area and fabulous upstairs patio, the food is the real "worker" of this warehouse.With everything on its expansive menu from traditional Carolina classics like pulled pork and chicken dishes smothered in sweet, honey-glazed BBQ sauce, to popular appetizers like the,Whiskey handmade Pimento cheese poppers, hand battered and fried to perfection, all the way to the Creme Brie Chicken, a unique sandwich topped with cinnamon-grilled pineapple, maple syrup, Brie and candied walnuts,(um, yum) Whisky Warehouse is a Plaza Midwood "hit."And as if that wasnt enough of a well-rounded selection to tempt even the pickiest of eaters, they take it even one step further by offering an assortment of awesome vegetarian dishes. Who wouldn't love the Commonwealth Pasta made of whole wheat noodles, veggies and Parmesan tossed in a light, creamy sauce? Literally, whatever you're hungry for, you can find.However, the dish that takes this cake and gets all of my thanks and praises has to be the "Elvis;" a burger even the King himself would be proud of. Served with lettuce, tomato and home cut Whisky fries, this monster patty is stacked with American cheese, bacon and PEANUT BUTTER. Yes, you read that right; the crazy combination of the juice from the burger, mixed with the creaminess of the melted cheese and saltiness from the bacon and PB, it's a combination that can only be deemed "genius". Well done, Chef Sam. Be sure and check this spot out the next time Happy Hour rolls around, the family is in town visiting or for another perfect sunny Charlotte day on the patio. The bartenders, servers and managers have been nothing but as friendly and attentive as they could be. What more could you possibly want in a restaurant? They're the real deal, y'all.
3	The view and atmosphere in the rooftop bar area is great. The food and drink are average(not bad), but I cannot speak for the whiskey, bc I don't like it in general.
2	I'm going to start this off by saying - to be fair, I came here after an event that was partially sponsored by this place, therefore it was SUPER busy. And from what I experienced, there wasn't a ton of parking, which is always annoying.Because it was super busy - our service was pretty terrible & I feel like they could have prepared better, knowing there would be a rush of people coming in. I think on a more "regular" night, the service might be better & I'll for sure give them a second chance.After waiting over an hour for my food (a salad), the order was wrong (I asked for two things to be removed & they were not) and the food was just sub-par.One really GREAT thing about Whiskey Warehouse is their roofdeck...amazing view of the Charlotte Skyline! I plan to go back some night this summer & give them a second chance & enjoy the rooftop scenery!
5	My New Favorite Bar in Charlotte....What's not to like about this spot? Whiskey Warehouse is the rare bar that perfectly mixes the concoction of bar, food, screens, service, patio-area/view and overall ambiance that make any bar worth going to.Bar: Every time I've been here they have had some sort of beer special; from $2 bud lites, to $3 micro brews, to $4 Jack Daniels you-call-its.  R.B.V.s are also reasonably priced around $18 for two, which is more than straight.Food:  I can honestly say this place has some of the best bar food anywhere in Charlotte - for real.  I have eaten here multiple times and everything I have had has been awesome.  I recently had the Monterrey Chicken Sandwich, which I can say was hands-down one of the best chicken sandwiches I have ever had - every sandwich should have pepper-jack cheese and guacamole!  I have also had the wings here on multiple occasions.  The wings always come well sauced, meaty, well cooked, and with a cold, thick ranch.  If you've read my other reviews, then you know how important it is to me that they char their wings.  That's right folks, the wings are thrown on a grill for a min before they bring them out to you.  I had the chance to eat brunch here last Sunday, and I have to stay I was thoroughly impressed.  The toast was a little undercooked, but otherwise the scrambled eggs and bacon were up to par.  Screens: I love the fact that they have plenty of television screens littered and hanging from every corner of this bar.  Even when you go upstairs to the gorgeous rooftop patio, they have plenty of television screens embedded within the bar area.   Patio/View: Speaking of the rooftop patio - @ WW you will find nothing short of the most SPECTACULAR and BREATHTAKING VIEW OF THE CHARLOTTE SKYLINE anywhere!  There is plenty of seating and they have full waitress and bar service.  I also appreciate the H20 mist they have cooling down the patrons at the bar.  Though BEWARE fellas, many ladies are leery of the mist interacting with their hair!Service:  Great service.  My order has always been correct each time I've ordered food or drinks.   I am preferential to the bar staff simply because of easier access to drinks, and closer views of the television screens.  I've tried to come up with something not to like about this place and I can't.  Prices are reasonable.  Though tight, they do indeed have a parking lot.  I meant what I said to start this review, I love Whiskey Warehouse, its my new favorite bar in Charlotte and I will def be back - hope to see you there!PS: FYI: Monday WW has 1/2 price wings.  They serve brunch on Sunday's starting at 11am!  $3 bloody Mary's on SUNDAYS!!!
5	I've lived in the area for three years and just recently discovered this place.  I love the rooftop bar and my boyfriend likes the cool mist of water they spray out on customers when it's hot out (don't worry you won't get wet).I've never had a bad meal or bad service, no matter how busy the place gets. I can't say that about many restaurants in Charlotte.  They do get packed on Friday and Saturday nights but as long as you don't mind fighting for tables or bar space you'll still enjoy.
4	Moved to Plaza area not long ago and trying to get well acquainted with the local spots. Dined here a few times now and have thoroughly enjoyed every time. Always great drink specials and food has always been very tasty. My Personal favorite, the chicken nachos. Do yourself a favor and try them!!! Also great wings and great food specials on different days as well. Just a great little neighborhood spot for a good bite to eat and hangout with some good friends. Also, if the weather is nice, try siting on the rooftop, the view is just great!
4	I came here last night and I think our family may have found a place where we could become regulars. Coming in, first thought was that it was a bar...but not like every other bar where only sports ruled the televisions. It had a family feel as most bars didn't. On top of the family feeling, service was great. Our waiter was on top of everything and we even shared a nice conversation with her.So lets get on to the food. I ordered the Charleston Shrimp Pasta which I thought was pretty good. It was a well portioned meal, with garlic bread, cheese, and of course shrimp on top of linguini pasta. I thought it was great. It had a nice blend of taste as well as a cheesy taste which I say is always good. It wasn't too overpowering to the point where you couldn't taste any of the other flavors of the dish.Other dishes that were ordered were of course the Fried Green Tomatoes. It seems like it's a favorite around here so we decided to order it and it was good! There were no complaints about that dish.Overall, I felt like this place was a great restaurant for families and drinkers alike. With a loft with a great view of the city (which I recommend to go during fall when it's cooler) and drinks and food, you won't go wrong!
4	I love whiskey warehouse it's a nice change of pace for plaza Midwood. I generally really like the crowd that comes... The food is great, the waitresses are super friendly and the drink prices are awesome. The only reason for the four stars is the parking is really terrible!
3	I have a mixed opinion on this place.  I have ate here three times, with one YUM experience, one "That was pretty good" and one "eeeehhhhh" that was ok experience.The salmon salad is DELICIOUS!  I would highly recommend it for a healthy option.  I also saw a few friends get it.  The only thing I will say is that the actual salmon portion has looked a little inconsistent.I got the Buffalo Chicken wrap with grilled chicken instead of fried.  It was pretty good, nothing special.  My ehhhhhh dish was the Prime Rib sandwich.  I was really excited to try it, especially after my server spoke so highly of it, but I was disspointed.  I think the worst part was the bun it was served on.  It was what I'd consider a "sandwich bun" you would get at a cafeteria, with weird seed things on it.Good drink specials....Bud Light for $2 and Bloody Mary bar with a million sauces and mixes for $3.  The upstairs patio is awesome!  Though doesn't compete with the new member of the neighborhood's Peculiar Rabbit.
4	Let me be clear from the outset, the food is not great. The Barballo chicken wings are the best thing on the menu... That said, we love this place. Only go to the "Top Shelf" deck and generally from the outside stairs. The deck and the staff have a nice buzz..... and so do I after the 1/2 off wine on thursday. The deck is head and shoulders above ( literally and figuratively)  everything else in Midwood. service comes with genuine smiles, and they actually know what they are doing. Great deck, veiw, people watching....enjoy
4	While I can't certainly classify this place as a true Warehouse (see also, Men's Warehouse), it is a great bar/addition to an already happening scene in Plaza Midwood. This place rules supreme in the Spring/Summer time, as their rooftop bar is one of the best in Charlotte. I believe nearby Peculiar Rabbit also has a rooftop, but it's sans bar, so I still would give my vote to Whiskey in this particular neighborhood. $4 Jack Daniels AllDayErrDay, which is always my go-to. Food has always been superb, and is definitely one notch above normal bar fare. If the weather is nice, head upstairs---you won't be disappointed.
2	Came to have a late lunch during the Panthers game and was disappointed by the poor service.  I know to expect slow service here based on my prior experiences, but today was worse than ever.  First off we were sat and our server didn't come over for over 5 minutes.  We ordered an appetizer of wings with our drinks.  When the server came back with our drinks we ordered our meal.  A while later, we still don't have wings and I see out food just sitting in the window and other servers/the manager just looking at it waiting for our server to come over- ever heard of teamwork? Then our wings come out about 5 min later by the manager who asked if they were supposed to be an app.  When we said yes, he said "oh" with no apology or anything.  Also, most of the time we were here he was standing in the corner talking to the group of servers or texting.  Didn't really seem him working.  The food here is good, but don't expect good service.
3	Well I don't honestly have much to say... I've been here before and their spinach dip is okay. As a vegetarian its wonderful to see a section of the menu devoted to things I can eat but I've just never ordered any of them. They have a pretty varied beer selection, which is nice, and I got an OMB Copper (or 2) for $3/pint last night. The ambiance is nice and I would probably go back. However, last night I was faced with one of those service no-nos.... actually there were two of those as well. I sat down at the bar with my friends and waited 5 minutes before either bartender realized that I was a new member of our group of 4 and that I was signaling them so that I could order. Got a beer, all was fine and then I realized I was hungry. It took another 10-15 minutes before I could get their attention for a food menu. And once I had decided it took another 5-10 minutes to get their attention that I was ready to order dinner. Let me say that the whole time I was trying to get their attention, I would raise my hand or say "excuse me" every time they passed in front of me to signal that I would like for them to come over. It was as if they were intentionally ignoring me. So I finally put my food order in (2 sides: mashed potatoes and mac and cheese) & I finished my beer. I wanted another one so I waited (again) and tried to grab their attention (again) as they were walking around right in front of me (again). I waited about 30 minutes for my 2 sides and at this point I hadn't eaten anything besides a handful of cheez-its all day so I'm getting antsy. 40 minutes pass and I still haven't received anything and I was frustrated and hungry so I cancelled my order. I didn't care to ask why or how long it'd be because they had been ignoring me all night and I didn't want to deal with that any more. Plus my friend was leaving and I didn't want to have to scarf my food down in 10 minutes. So after 40+ minutes of waiting, I asked the bartender to cancel my order & her reaction implied that she had never even put the order in. Its fine- I ended up having macaroni and cheese and chocolate cake from Harris Teeter last night in case anyone was worried about my not eating yesterday. But anyways, on the bright side, which is why this review wasn't lower, she took care of one of my beers for the inconvenience of not having any food. It was appreciated and it seems like its hard for people to take responsibility for stuff and make it right these days- especially in the service industries. I wish more businesses would do that and I'm willing to give them another chance just for that alone. Plus, as I said before, they have a whole section of the menu for vegetarian food. Can't pass that up.
4	Great bar in plaza midwood. Very much enjoyed the deck with the view of the city. Went for a late lunch on a Sunday, had decent mimosa specials as many other restaurants nearby. Service for food was a little slow, as there seemed to be one server for every table on the deck. Could have maybe used a little more help but otherwise the food and drinks were delicious.
3	Warning: A Sunday funday could end up with you showing your ass to strangers. Not saying, just saying. I go here a bunch, no doubt. It is, in my mind, one of THE Charlotte Sunday spots. Beyond the Sundays, a nice view, good beer prices and food that is hit and miss for me. I definitely like it as a bar, just luke warm on the food.
5	Bartenders are super nice here, Great roof top views, Good food at a reasonable price, They always ask your name and tell you theirs, They then remember your name throughout your whole visit!Oh did I mention they have Whiskey, and they pour heavy!  We just moved to Charlotte, we've been here 3 times already, we think it's our new spot for sure!
4	Great atmosphere and good food...that's affordable!  Don't forget to check out the rooftop area!
4	Try the bloody mary bar!
4	Great environment and food!  Very reasonable prices and rooftop deck is a perfect happy hour spot.
4	Ask for CJ or TJ. I can never remember which he goes by but super nice and will do anything to make your experience great.
4	Good food and great service. Waitress was nice and allowed me and my dinner guest to chat and order when we were ready. The beer was good.
4	The wings are great, especially on 1/2 off Mondays. The rooftop bar is also great, the 2 flights of stairs help you work off the wings.  Downside-on weekends they have a DJ and the music volume is VERY VERY loud.  This is a bar/restaurant and in trying to make it into a dance club, the Warehouse loses the appeal of lounge for conversing and sipping a fine drink.  We have to yell so loudly that the person in the next seat can hear pieces of a conversation. As a Speech-Language Pathologist, I can state that the combination of alcohol, yelling over loud music, and trying to hear over loud music causes damage to the vocal cords and hearing abilities.
3	Decent spot to get drink. Draft beers and Jack Daniels
3	Nice rooftop deck. They don't have many beers, but some different mix drinks made up for it.
1	Came in from out of town, from Charleston. The restaurant was pretty packed (many college football games were on so we definitely understood the long wait since we all work in food and bev) so we went upstairs to grab a drink while we waiting. Bartender was very rude, didn't crack a smile once. Waited about an hour for a table. Caught one of the hostess giving us dirty looks and even rolled her yes at us once, not to sure why? We got our table took 20 mins for a server to come over. Got our food and it was absolutely awful! Fries were cold chicken seemed raw and rubbery. Overall wouldn't feed it to my dogs. Extremely bad experience. Rude all around.
3	Great food. Drink specials are pretty solid. The service is very hit or miss. Sometimes it's great, but more often than not, when we order food from upstairs its cold by the time we get it. And sometimes the service is slow.
4	My friends and I come here after going to Common Market on Wednesday for the beer tastings. We've usually sat on the rooftop bar, taking advantage of the nice weather at night. Not so sure how that will work out for us next time though!The rooftop bar has a great atmosphere. I've been up here on a Saturday night as well when it was pretty crowded, and I still thought it was great. My group has never had a problem finding a table to sit at, and it's usually 6 of us or so. Then again, we arrive a little later, around 9:30ish. The bathrooms at the rooftop are also nice and clean, though they are just one stall only.The drinks are good, but I usually get the same thing every time and I've discovered each bartender makes them different. Some are better than others. Also, depending on who's in the kitchen, the food will be better than other nights. I had the Whiskey Glazed Salmon salad and it was very good. I definitely recommend it!
3	If you go, get their wings. My favorite are the Barballo (spelling?). Some of my favorite I've had around town. Their salads are pretty good as well. Sweet potato fries hit the spot. Veggies burger is very run of the mill however. Wait staff are always really nice and easy going. Food takes a LONG time to come out of the kitchen.
3	Not at all what I hoped this place would be. With a title like "whiskey warehouse" I was thinking of a place that would be small, quiet, and maybe even have a fireplace in the corner. But I should've known better. It's a typical loud sports bar that happens to have a wide selection of whiskey and scotch. That being said I'm giving it three stars because the staff was nice and the place was well kept and clean. It's just not what I expected which is more of a personal problem than a critique.
4	I enjoy Whiskey Warehouse and come here often when my fiance wants a good bloody mary bar at his fingertips. While I do come here mostly to grab a drink and walk around Plaza Midwood, I have grabbed a bite or two before. The big fish sandwich is delicious (even though I got it bun-less) It was large, crispy, and definitely hit the spot. The wings are good as well, though once my lemon pepper ones, were a little too lemony for my taste, but good overall. In short we keep coming back for the atmosphere and drinks.
4	Fish & Chips was good.  Decent menu selection, decent prices.
4	Love coming to this place on Mondays for their half off wings. Maybe not the best wings in town but they're pretty dang good. They also have a decent selection of beers on tap and always have have jack Daniels specials. The rooftop bar has a great view of the city and is a fun place to hang out. I would suggest it for a fall game day retreat. Bloody Mary bar is fully stocked on Sundays for brunch!
5	I'm definitely a fan of Whiskey Warehouse upstairs. This trip I ordered the salmon to go. I asked that they substitute spinach for the rice which they gladly did. When I got home, the salmon was cooked perfectly and the vegetables were very nice. I always get really good service upstairs.
5	Looking for a cool spot to socialize, eat amazing food, and enjoy a great beverage? Whiskey Warehouse has it all. Yes, it is a bar with bar food, but it's the best bar and food off of Plaza. TV's float the room in the downstairs area with an old pub feel. Im not a whiskey drinking, but they are known for their whiskey liquor selection; Hence the name, "Whiskey Warehouse." On nice days in Charlotte the patio upstairs is open with a full bar and TV's which over looks downtown Charlotte. Love the atmosphere and the food. I don't think I have ever eaten anything bad on their menu. My boyfriend and I always tend to go to Whiskey when we are in that undecided mood because we never know what we want to eat, like any relationship. On Sundays they have a Bloody Mary bar which is awesome! Grab a shot from the bar and mix your own drink! How cool is that? I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a fun, cool spot!
1	If you are a female don't expect service. The Asian girl won't even mAke contact with you. Only nice girl was a bar back who couldn't get my beer but hovered the bartenders to attempt to get my beer. Girl bartenders suck!!!!
2	Came here with Friends for Drinks and Food. The Wings were decent. Defiantly more of a causal environment and laid back feel.
4	I end up at Whiskey pretty often with clients and friends. It's a nice in between priced spot that has more than decent bar-ish type food. Their pimento cheese appetizer is one of my favorite pimento cheeses in town. The chips it comes with are cheap though; but the cheese is so good it basically doesn't matter. They also have a chicken sandwich with the pimento cheese on it and that also rules. Their wings are some of the best in the Plaza Midwood neighborhood. Specifically their dry rub recipe. They don't always have them though. Once they're out sometimes it's a couple of days before they have another batch. The upstairs patio has a great view of the city and on a nice day the bar area up there is spectacular. They've started food service up there now which is great. The wait staff is typically hit or miss. I've had good and terrible. Kind of depends. At peek hours they're always on. I've tried a few times to watch a game or two there but it just gets SO loud. Not my favorite place if it's prime time and you're trying to have a nice quiet meal.
4	Is this the best patio in Charlotte? Quite possibly. A rooftop bar with a tremendous view of the city. Pair that with great food and the Plaza Midwood neighborhood. Money. I've had a little bit of everything from the menu. No complaints. All good. Love the wings. There are daily lunch specials. Thursday is prime rib night. $13/$15 is a great deal. Half off apps Monday-Friday from 4-6pm.Tons of beers. A good selection of local suds. Great drink specials throughout the week. On Sundays, $2 mimosas and $3 for the bloody mary bar. Parking is the one issue here, but that's everywhere in Plaza Midwood. Back to the patio... It's no secret. Want to do happy hour? Get there early. Lunch, dinner, date night, drinks with friends, Sunday fun day. This place is perfect for it all.
5	I met some friends for drinks at the rooftop bar area this weekend and was REALLY hungry.  I ordered the most convenient thing to eat which were the chicken tenders.  I was a skeptic while waiting thinking the food would just be mediocre given that it seems more of a drinking type place.  The tenders and fries came out piping hot and they were some of the best tenders I've ever had!  They were really crispy on the outside but very moist and tender on the inside.  I can't wait to go back and have them again.  Service and waitstaff were pretty on point.  Friendly and accommodating and fast.
1	I'm going to start off by saying great atmosphere and a great rooftop bar... However the service is terrible! I went in with another girlfriend of mine around 11pm on a Friday night. We sat down at the bar downstairs (which wasn't overly crowded) and ordered a couple of drinks. We let the bartender know we were checking out their late night menu but needed a minute. After a few mins of talking we decided on some food to order and shots... It took the bartender at least 35-40 mins to come back to us. After she had helped almost every guy at the bar was it she noticed us waiting. We promptly asked for our checks without ordering anything further because at this point watching people walk up to the bar and get helped while we were sitting there waiting was beyond frustrating! On our way out we decided to walk upstairs in which we ran into a group of our friends who were having a going away party. We once again decided to try an order shots but the bartenders upstairs were to busy chatting and dancing to notice there were people waiting! No one wants to stand around waiting forever for a shot! Once again it's a great place to hang out but just don't expect any good customer service!! Already saw a bad review about being a female and trying to get service here and it's 100% true!
1	Went to whiskey warehouse after reading reviews and guess what....We waited an hour for food after asking 3 times.  We also had to ask for drinks more than once.The manager said it was being plated. He brought it up and it was cold.  All of our meals were cold.  The manager offered to replace but we were starving so we ate the meat.  He said he would comp or table tonight then tried to  charge us for drinks we ordered while waiting.  We were appalled when he came to the table and said "your going to tell me what your doing with your meal"  He then threw his hand up and said get out of here.  When we asked his name he followed us to the door saying his name.I have never been treated so disrespectful in my life.
3	Two things I absolutely love in this world: whiskey and rooftop patios. Clearly, I was destined to end up at Whiskey Warehouse at some point during my Charlotte visit. The rooftop has a great environment and view, service isn't bad, and the drinks are abundant, especially those pitchers! Any of them with whiskey were my favorites, but I probably don't need to tell you that twice. Great to share with a few friends and really just enjoying a beautiful spring night in Charlotte. As with most rooftop patios, it got packed really quickly here (and probably does on most nights) so be ready to wait for a table to open up.
3	So- I have a theory. A group of guys at WW need to go to Soul and a group of girls from Soul need to check out WW. Basically, this is a sausage fest and the men look a little confused about why there are SO MANY GUYS there. Trust me guys, Soul is where the girls are.This isn't really my scene, but the upstairs bar is a really great view of Charlotte. The drinks are good. The menu has some favorites (prime rib slider thing, wings, so on). LADIES- this is a brilliant place to go if you have a couple of girlfriends and you want some free drinks. Trust me.
4	My  husband and I decided to come here last Sunday, since we heard the upstairs roof patio was awesome.......it definitely did not let down!!!What an incredible view of the city! There are tv's all around the bar so you can watch a game and just enjoy the weather. I ordered the mimosa ($2 on Sunday or $4 for a doube.....of course you have to get the double) and my husband ordered an OMB beer. They didnt have a ton of draft selections up there, but I am assuming their selection downstairs was larger. Nice champagne to OJ (aka 2/3 champagne) pour! I also ordered the chorizo sandwich with sweet potato fries. It had a fried egg and jack cheese on top. Very good!It was fairly busy but we were able to find two seats at the bar. Will absolutely return!
3	Everything appeared wonderful until I bit into a piece of cardboard, and my night began to spiral down hill :(
5	Only had wings and a beer, twice. The Jack Daniels wings are the best wings in Charlotte.
4	Came here for dinner on a weeknight with a friend. We sat on the rooftop area which was amazing because it had a fantastic view. I wouldn't recommend sitting up here though if you are bothered by a light of people standing around drinking and smoking. If you are looking for more relaxed dinner vibes eat inside. Some weeknights I am sure wouldn't be bad but weekends especially it is mostly for the drinking crowd. I had the spicy vegetable stir fry and it was good. I am a huge spice fan so I can handle a lot and I felt this was spicy in a way I enjoyed but something others would find overly spicy. Will def. have to come again.
3	i've been to this place a few times.  This place is always packed with people but i don't mind.The thing that we usually get here are their pitchers.  If you come here with a group of friends, the pitcher is what i suggest you should get.  Its a great way to not spend a lot of money and still get your drank game on! The pitchers are relative cheap for the amount of alcohol content you getThis place is a great starter place to come to pregame and bar hop to the next place.The environment is real chill and they serve some pretty good food that compliments the drinks hereI recommend getting the Jack and Coke pitcher as that is their most popular one.  Also the lemon drop one is pretty tasty too.
4	great rooftop bar with nice views of Charlotte's skyline
4	Plaza is not a huge area but if it is summer and your in the area, WW rooftop is the way to go! I have yet to try their food, so TBC...
3	This place had an amazing roof top terrace.  I wish their food was as good as the view.  Food is mediocre unfortunately.  I ordered the chicken nachos.  Very sub-par.  Cheap tortilla chips, canned cheese, and pretty sure the salsa was from a jar. We really love coming to this place for drinks, I just wish the food was better.
4	Good sportsbar type atmosphere with excellent shrimp and grits for a Sunday morning brunch. Highly recommended.
5	Excellent wings and an absolutely gorgeous upstairs outdoor patio that has an amazing view of the city.
3	Fun, cheap, exactly what I expected, the roof is cool. The staff is friendly and attractive, specifically the bartenders...they were fast and nice to me. Thank you. And thank you place.
5	Bistro Burger! Loveeeee the Brie cheese! I could eat here every week!
5	Amazing food, great location. We tried sitting on the rooftop, all seats were taken- get there early if you're planning to stay just for dinner. Had the teriyaki chicken, husband had the burger with fries. Teriyaki chicken was so delicious, may have been better than any hibachi restaurant version I've had. Husband said the fries were some of the best he's had... ever. Quality, local beer and great service. Will definitely be back!
4	The hubs and I came here for a late lunch on Sunday.  We had meant to arrive earlier, but our neighbor Hippie Mike paid us an unexpected visit.  For hours.  Nevertheless, it was a beautiful partly cloudy day with non wilting temperatures, so we headed for the rooftop.  To our delight, they were playing blues music.  But, soon after our arrival, it switched to the worst rock of the 90's/turn of the century, except for one song by Velvet Revolver.Our drink orders were promptly taken, and we settled in to enjoy the magnificent view.  Everyone in Charlotte needs to come to this rooftop at least once.My husband ordered the talapia sandwich, which he said was ok.  It was fried, and he would have preferred it baked.  But my meal?  Holy herbivore!  I got the fried green tomato sandwich (and yes, I welcomed fried with open arms.). The bun had a smear of pimento cheese on it, too.  Yum!  Our orders came with fries, which was fine by me.I have to say it was well worth listening to Hippie Mike's monologue  of righteous opinions to have this late lunch as my reward.
4	After a few visits here I've really come to appreciate what they offer & that they offer it with pretty consistent service & food. I rank the atmosphere pretty high...the inside (downstairs) has a beautiful big bar, various seating options, good music playing, & plenty of tv's. The outside (upstairs) has lots of covered seating, a full bar, plenty of tv's, & a nice view of the city skyline. The food has been surprisingly tasty to me & they do it consistently. It's becoming a regular spot, especially when we learned which nights have the drink or food special we like. Cheers
4	Great selection of booze. Never tried the food but it's more a sports bar than anything.
3	We came here on a Friday for lunch and wanted to sit on the rooftop because the weather was beautiful. Unfortunately the rooftop isn't open durning the week until dinner time. Food is good but would have been nice to enjoy the nice weather and beautiful scenery the restaurant can but didn't offer.
4	Good ole Whiskey Warehouse. First time I came here was 3 years ago when I got home from Iraq. I had not been to plaza mid-wood in years. Not a bad spot for catching up with old friends. They do have some good food as well. My favorite was walking in there on a Sunday picking up to go food for a sick friend. Food was not ready and I had to wait. They had a lovely Bloody Mary bar set up to which I helped myself to while I waited. Pretty clever I will say. They also have music on the weekends and for a bar, they get a thumbs up from me.
5	This place is 5 stars in my book.  Always a decent drink special, good bar food, plenty of TVs, and an awesome rooftop bar with a nice view of Uptown.  The service has always been good too.  Whiskey is always an option when we're out and about in Midwood looking for a drink.
2	The bartender Jess is a total bitch. After I was speaking to a patron who, according to Jess, comes in "everyday" and assumed I was harassing the patron. She threatened me with being kicked out for literally nothing. Look at her face and you will see that natural bitch look. Ugh. News flash Jess, you're not hot. Oh and you're in the service industry. No tip, no potential.
4	I have to be honest....I came in here with pretty low expectations. With a name reminiscent of trashy college bars - I expected a lot less. It's actually like a classy version of a sports bar. We came at six on Friday for dinner after work. It has a great "chill out" atmosphere with great music. Also, a ton of tvs, extensive whiskey selection, and good service. The buffalo chicken dip was awesome. The wings were fall off the bone juicy, but the brisket was flat, dry, and overcooked. It did have really good flavor though.
2	Thought I already reviewed this place but maybe not?  Oh well, it's not the first place I think of when I want to hang out in Midwood.  The service and food is par and the beer selection is sub par compared to other bars in the area.The patio on the roof is the real benefit.  If the weather is right, there's not many better patios or rooftop locations in Charlotte to go to.  My suggestion is to try it for yourself.The interior decor is actually pretty cozy with warm wood materials, etc.  Parking can be tough as it is with any business in Plaza Midwood so be ware.
