4	Don't really go to these types of bars a lot (a handful of times), but this was a very enjoyable evening.  Don't line dance, but my wife got out there and kicked up her heels a bit.  The food is good, the atmosphere friendly, and the crowd was great.  If you are into C&W, this is very good place to go.
4	This place is so fun! Great patio, great dance floor, great dinner and great drinks! It is full of greatness!!This is hands down the best country bar in Phoenix, the band's are always amazing and you run into ALOT of famous country people here... Oh yes, and the people in this bar are always so sweet and kind, it has one of the best atmosphere's in town for sure!
4	fun cowboy bar.  line dancing nites. unique place to bring out-of-town visitors. casual
3	You must like country music and dancing if you go here.  I've been here twice for drinks and dancing with my country-lovin' friends.  I've never eaten here.  The drinks are A-OK, but the people (late night folks) seem to creep out of the crazy pictures on the wall.  Let's just say I try to hide in the corner so no one asks me to dance!
5	Everyone seems to be so friendly here!If you like country music....and a  no frills FUN time....this is the place!I have often visited Handlebar J's over the years and it has never changed - its the last of the country bars down this way. Whether its the LIVE band or not - you will see the cowboy hats on the dance floor twirling about.....And if you are looking to learn how to 2-step....you are in luck - they host lessons on Wed nights!!A great casual atmosphere on the patio lends to conversation without screaming. Everyone here seems to be so friendly too!Handlebar J's - a country landmark.
4	A great place to enjoy country music.  The people are friendly and most are ready to dance.
4	What a great bar!  I have spent many an evening here drinking their inexpensive beer while watching drunk people dance.  This is not the "pretty people" bar, this has the feel of a neighborhood bar.  Everyone is mostly friendly and I've never seen the place packed to the gills.  The decor is sorta old west, meets Hawaii.  Very strange.On occasion they have cool theme parties (cool because of the FREE food) on the weekend.  I didn't see any happy hour specials the last time I was there but I didn't look.  There is easy access to the 101, but don't drive drunk, Snobsdale cops will catch you.This place has a lot of regulars, but after a few visits you could fit right in.
4	Live country music, western decor, fabulous cowboy fare (steaks, potatoes & BBQ ribs) and a 44-year history make Handlebar J's Restaurant & Bar a local favorite.  Sidle up to the bar inside our out; the large outdoor patio welcomes both smokers and non-smokers alike.  Don your Wranglers, your Stetson and your favorite cowboy boots and you'll fit right in.Located on the northwest corner of Scottsdale Road and Shea Boulevard, Handlebar J's features live music seven days a week.  Wednesdays through Sundays the local group, the Herndon Brothers Band, starts playing at 8:30pm.  Beginning at 7pm on Sundays, Wednesdays & Thursdays you'll find free dance lessons and Monday nights it's $5 a person for country line dancing lessons.Ten of us went on a Saturday night and we had a blast dancing inside and drinking outside on the patio.  The music was loud and rowdy and the band was fantastic.  Perfect place to play cowboy & cowgirl!The restaurant serves both lunch and dinner and hosts a happy hour 3p-6p Monday through Friday.  For a taste of Arizona's western style, check out Handlebar J's.
4	We are BIG fans!!!  Love this place! We went for the free dance lessons last week and are going again this week! Great live music 7 nights a week! Good service - though a bit confusing....   even if you have a tab at the bar - order from the waitresses that come around - you don't have to keep going back to the bar to place your order.  The waitresses are there to take care of you and that's what they do.  Aslo, because of the live music and dance lessons, etc. there is a  2 drink minimum to be prepared to have and pay for something.  But with music, food and service this good that shouldn't be a problem!  We also want to try the steak and enchaladas....  not sure if we're going to or not - but it's on our list of things to try!!!  We'll go back every time we are in Mesa/Scottsdale.
4	The thing is, I don't even like Country music... but I do like this bar. Good folks, great live bands, stiff drinks, and what appears to be decent grub. I have yet to eat here, but have popped in for drinks a time or two. They have an amazing sound system and a large dance floor. In the cooler months their patio is really nice.
5	I'm clunking down five stars on this one. First off, for location. Like the chop and wok, it is right next to my house. This allows for easy stumble home. Second off, the band they have is pretty good. They play the hits, and some dwight yoakam. I think its about $7 for a jack and coke. Which, isn't too bad. The upside - cougarsThe downside - everybody else is 50+|The owner lady - Gwen (?) she is pretty nice, apparently its her son in the band.
2	The two stars is strictly based on the food.  From what I can tell, the place is focused on the country-bar aspect rather than the food.  It seems like a popular place in the evenings, with live music and dancing, and gets pretty crowded.However, I went for lunch, and got the barbecue beef sandwich.  Kind of disappointing that a cowboy place wouldn't have decent barbecue.  This seemed eerily similar to the Lloyds barbecue beef that you get at the grocery store, except maybe not as rich - I'm not saying Lloyds is bad, it's just not restaurant quality.From 11:30-12:00, there were only three customers including myself, which tells me that this is definitely not a lunch place.  So if you're considering going to hang out at the bar or do some line dancing, I'm sure the rest of the reviewers here will steer you right.
4	Great place! Fun music, good people-watching, and reasonable beer prices.
4	This down-to-earth, gritty neighborhood bar/grill should be a destination must-see for Scottsdale.  They will be celebrating their 35th year anniversary in October and there aren't many places that can claim this feat.  Even though I'm not a fan of country music, I must say this place is fun!  The bartenders are spot on and friendly.  The drinks are tasty, but the people watching is the BEST!  The bathroom is a little tiny but workable.  I haven't had a chance to eat there but my friends who have say the food is good.  Check out the bar on Sunday nights (Chris is bartending - awesome bartender!).  The house band is rockin' and it's always busy.  It's a great place to get rid of those Sunday night blues.
1	Ordered the Cattlemen's cut Porter House for $29 and had to send it back twice  due to high amounts of grizzle, fat, and overcooked. I  eventually gave up. One of the worst steaks I have ever eaten, wouldn't have paid $10. Also ordered a House Salad for $8 that consisted of chopped iceberg lettuce and dressing.  Handlebar-J has been a DRINKING establishment for a long time in Scottsdale but they will not make it serving 1/2 inch thick steaks that are full of fat and grizzle (could hardly cut it) and over-cooked TWICE.
2	As a follow-up to the response from HBJ management I wanted to clarify that your owner did in fact sit with me to explain that the cook/chef was swamped and that "she would cook it herself".  To clarify my review again,,it was the quality of the steak that was sub-par. Both steaks they delivered were thin and full of grizzle,,very hard to eat. I couldn't eat either of them.  At $29 I would expect a better cut, especially since the menu advertises it as your best steak.  I am not that hard to please and have been around the Scottsdale restaurant circuit since the mid 70's. Too many good alternatives for steak in the immediate area to warrant trying this again. I do love the ambiance and the history of your bar but you have to serve a good meal and not dwell on how long you have been there.  This is positive criticism to help you with your next customer.  I don't appreciate the statement that I am the kind of customer that is never happy. When a meal is good I am very happy to report that, when its not this is what Yelp is about.
5	I travel to Phoenix/Scottsdale a lot.  Handlebar J has become my hangout because the waitresses are nice and although the food is ok, the band is awesome and sometimes my sister or I even get asked to dance.  It's  a real honky tonk and not some cookie-cutter joint.  The owners seem nice and unlike the Rusty Spur (aka nasty management), there are no pretenses and there's lots of room for dancing, drinking and fun.
3	I went on a Monday night for comedy night. Initially, I was put off when one of the people in my party was charged $5 for bottled (Nestle) water.  The drink special for the night was $3.00 beers, which is a great deal, but that initial dagger was hard to remove.  There is also a two-drink minimum, which may bother some folks so be forewarned. The comedy night was enjoyable, the service was swift - bordering on overbearing, and the final negative of the night was when they said they would not accept charges under $10. Some highs, some lows and some laughs. Overall, not a bad night.
2	It was OK, I guess. Probably will never go back because I don't live in the area.I felt about 10-15 years too young for the crowd here on a Saturday night (for the record, I'm 29). The band didn't play as many country covers as I would like - seemed more like a random mix of oldies and 80's covers rather than country songs (which I would have preferred). The band stops playing at about 1230am. $5 cover. The crowd was mostly Real Housewives of Scottsdale types and their husbands in western regalia. It was a mellow atmosphere with lots of seating, not crowded at all, and some couples dancing. It was too mellow for me though - kinda boring. Perfect place for my parents though.
3	I read a review that said it was a mix of young and old, so my boyfriend my self and a friend went to give it a shot.  We walk in and WE WERE the young.  That said we still had a great time. The bartenders ARE FRIENDLY (when do you ever meet a NICE bartender), the older crowd is still ok because everyone is so polite and kind.  It's a great place to listen to some country tunes and get away from the hostility of Uppidy, 'Guido' Downtown Nightclubs.
5	Love love LOVE IT!I first went here with a friend when I was visiting Scottsdale and now that I live here I go here regularly.  The service is great and they always remember you.  I hadnt been there for a year and the guy bartender welcomed me and even remembered my drink (maybe I drink too much) lol.  Ray is a wonderful host and his band is just great.  Sure enough...I went home and looked at the back of my Lyle Lovett CD's and I think he's on each and every one of them!  How cool!  The music is great and if you like to dance country this is the place.  Lots of sweet people here too and if you are looking to meet new friends, Handlebar J is great for that.Lastly...the food is awesome.  The BBQ is out of this world and even though the pricing isnt great, the quality is.  See you soon new friends.  Thanks for being exactly what I was looking for in AZ.
4	This is a cute little country bar & grill. I pass this place all the time and didn't know it was there. The food was good, the drinks were cold and the music was very country. They have a nice size dance floor, but not knowing any of the country dances I didn't attempt too much. The band they had the night I was there was okay, but the place was packed. We had a great time and I'm sure we will go back.
5	Oh Handlebar J's where have you been all my life? This place is very authentic- real country, very unique. There's not a lot of places like this in Scottsdale. Good live music, there's a lot of two stepping going on. It's very warm and friendly, and humble yet it's nicer than a dive. So we got here Friday at midnight, and were very warmly greeted. It was late,  yet they still served us food. (it's no 4 star dining so don't expect a fancy menu). I just loved our waitress who was very down to earth, funny & very attentive.
4	Now, I'm not a country western fan, have never line-danced or danced the 2-step.  But this is a great bar.  I was talked into going by my son, who is a country western fan.  The first time I went there, we just had something to eat, and beer.  The band hadn't started playing, because we were there to early, but the people were nice, and all the staff were really pleasant. We only had hamburgers, so we couldn't really judge the food.The next time I went, my golfing buddies wanted to try it - so we got there on a Friday night, right before the band started..  Now none of us are country western guys, so we were there just to have a good time. One of the guys wandered off and found a TV, which the staff switched onto a football game he wanted to see. The rest of us sat and watched as the band started playing, and the dancers started dancing. What a great time!!  Obviously, there was a group of people that were regulars, and came just to dance.  Then there were a lot of people (like us) that just came to watch, drink, and have a good time.  There is a whole range of age groups, and everyone seemed to be having a lot of fun, whether they were dancing, drinking or watching.Out of all the places I took my buddies, this is the one place that they all said they wanted to come back to. And who knows, maybe next time they will bring cowboy hats!!
1	This place was hopping.....mostly regulars....half dance and half pick up joint.  If you want to go out and people watch, you'll love it.  I'd highly suggest that you not eat here.  We ordered BBQ ribs......over an hour later they came out so tough that I literally could not get one bone out....I sent them back and ordered something quick....chicken fingers....they were so overbreaded and overcooked....I couldn't believe it.  I was very disappointed.
5	Became a country music fan when I walked through the door.  Furthermore, as a woman alone, it's the only bar I'll go to by myself.  I love everything about it, let me count the ways:  1.  Mesquite wood firepits and heaters warm you in the large outdoor section in winter (while you gaze at the stars or into someone's eyes.)  2.  Misters keep you cool in summer.  3.  You can sit at the bar outside, but still see and hear the live band and be part of the action.  4.  It's always crowded but not too crowded.  5.  Guys are always asking you to dance.  6.  Everyone is nice and smiles and talks to you.  7.  The lighting and sound is just right throughout.  8.  Plenty of tasty food choices to accompany the drinks (I like the chicken tenders with homemade ranch dressing but I'm a simple girl.)  9.  The music is outstanding.From the world-class musical artists to the family atmosphere--five stars.  The Herndon family rocks.  (NOTE:  Ask around about how many famous people show up here to sing, play, have dinner or just hang out.)
1	I've had 2 methinksnot experiences now so I guess it is time to review.The first time, and more pleasant of the 2 occasions my friend and I dropped by after work to have a drink.  D E A D.  Creepy dead.  It was 6pm and not a soul in the joint besides the staff who practically attacked us when we walked in the door.  We didn't stick around but based on that experience alone, I thought Handlebar J's deserved another chance.The 2nd time I tried Handlebar J's there was about 6 of us ladies drinking away the night.  We had started at a restaurant earlier, came to the Handy J's to finish watching the end of the game and start our night out.  Our night ended at J's pretty quickly when they started charging our DD for water.  What?  2 drink minimum and a charge for water, that just happened!  Shouldn't you be thanking our DD for letting the rest of us get tanked and make you some more loot? Now I'm the kind of girl you can count on to pull out her boots and hat at a moments notice, but I know for a fact real cowboys don't charge for water.  Real cowboys are way smarter than that and they can also recognize B.S. when they see it.  B.S.
1	I was up there last week with a group of friends and volunteered to be the designated driver for the night. It was a $5 cover to hear the house band, which was no biggy and then I asked for a diet coke which was another $3. Again, no problem paying for the diet coke. After about 30 minutes and some dancing, I went up to the bar for a refill of the diet coke expecting the refill to be free. The bartender told me it would be another $3. I mentioned that I was the responsible one for a table full of people drinking and that I thought the point was not to encourage drunk driving and to encourage people being responsible. Well that got me nowhere so I asked for a glass of water instead. I was told that the bartender couldn't give me water because it was a two drink minimum to get water.Now it's July in AZ and I had been dancing. We had a table full of people drinking and ordering their drinks from this same bartender who can't give me a glass of WATER. Really? I don't mind paying the cover and the cost of the first diet coke, Im not being cheap but the point is that most bars appreciate and take care of the designated driver. I was being responsible and they couldn't even give me a glass of water!Really?
1	Got a group of friends together for a Saturday night and thought HBJ's would be a great place to cut loose.  The restaurant is set up with long tables all picnic style but it worked for us.  Our waitresses were AMAZING and deserve a 5 star rating, kept separate tabs for all of us, handled a group of 12 with ease.  The food was so so but the place is meant to be a country bar so I can understand food isn't their priority.My low review is based on the owner.  After dinner, we all wanted to mingle a bit and asked if we could take the large high top table right behind us.  I asked if we could keep part of our dinner table just in case someone wanted to sit and our waitress said ok.  Five minutes later an old lady came over and asked if we were keeping our dining table.  I said we didn't need the entire table but wanted to keep some chairs in case we wanted to sit.  The old lady slapped me on the back and told me she was the owner and was going to "kick me out" for asking to keep our table.  Then she abruptly walked away.  I was very confused but a few moments later she went up to another member of our group and threatened to kick them out too!  Turns out she wanted to seat a group of her regulars at our table (even though I had called ahead and made a reservation).It was very clear she didn't want our business so we paid, tipped our server well and left.  Probably won't go back either.
3	It's definitely a place to dance and to make hookups. The dance floor is rather small but it is a good quality wood floor for a country place. There were a few real dancers when I was there but plenty of people that just danced because they liked to move to the music.The live band was proficient and kept the place hopping. Some of the fiddle playing was very good.Good Four Peaks brews on tap. There isn't much to not like about the place except when it gets too crowded.
1	I came to Handlebar J tonight for the first time with one of my friends to take some line dancing classes that they host every Tuesday night for $5 per person. As we walked in and started making our way towards the dance floor, the owner stopped us and asked if we wanted a table. Not understanding her, she bluntly stated that the dance lessons are separate and if we want to join in, we have to sit down and order food (two drinks per person or a meal and a drink--mind you, it doesn't say this ANYWHERE on the website. A warning would have been nice. And, it's not to say that we wouldn't have ended up ordering a few drinks or getting some food at some point during the evening, but the way she told us was quite rude.) Since it seemed that we had no other choice, she showed us to a table in the dining room and gave us a couple menus. When our waitress arrived, she explained that these particular menus were only for the bar or patio areas, and that we couldn't order from them. But, once I told her the owner gave them to us, she reluctantly obliged and allowed us to order, ya know, because we are trying to give them our money, I didn't think it would be a problem. Once we got settled at our table and ordered, it was pointless for us to join the dance lesson as it had already started and we wanted to get our money's worth (I know it's only $5, that wasn't the issue--it was merely the principle of participating in the entire lesson and since we had an awkward start to the whole experience, we didn't even want to bother at this point), so we just watched the other folks enjoying some fun dancing and good music. After we had gotten our food and were halfway through our meal, our waitress asked us if she could move us to another table....um WHAT? As we are finally beginning to somewhat enjoy ourselves, you want us to get up and move because you have a party of 5 that needs this table? I don't think so...but since you're already picking up my drink and my food I guess I'll follow you. She seats us elsewhere and doesn't come back for another 30 minutes. We danced for a little bit and joined in on some of the line dances to try and brighten our situation, but we couldn't get the sour taste out of our mouths. We decided after an hour of nonsense it was time to leave. Our waitress finally gave us the check; I needed change, and had to hunt down the owner to take care of it for us. She ended up chatting with some guests and seemed to forget that I needed change back. Our waitress finally came to our table and couldn't find our check. She estimated the total of our bill and just handed me my change out of her pocket (definitely didn't give me exact change, but at this point I was so over it.) With a smirk she said, "here," and walked away. I took all of my change and we got the heck out of there. So extremely disappointed in this joint and it's such a shame because the ambiance and decor are quite nice, as well as the spunky gal who was teaching the lessons--those are about the only two things that Handlebar J has going for them.
4	First timers to Handlebar-J and it was wonderful! We went at an off time so it was dead but the food was still amazing. My husband and I got the grilled artichoke to start, the fish and chips for me and ribs for him. The ribs were so tender he barely pressed into them and the meat melted off the bone. Sharon our server was kind and informative recommending all her favorite items which we accepted gladly. We will be back on a more lively night for dancing!
5	Super authentic "Western" bar/BBQ joint in Scottsdale. Absolutely FANTASTIC FOOD and ambience.  Never ever had better BBQ.A must when in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area
5	I have been going to Handlebar J's for about 15 years.I have got to know Ray Herndon and the family pretty well over the years.I took a look at the other reviews. First, I got to say, if you are expecting this place to be some hip "Snottsdale" hang-out, you will be disappointed!Its a country bar/eatery. I have always loved the band, and the music they play. But thats what this is. You come here to drink, dance and maybe eat a little.The food is what you expect, its good but its not Maestros, and nor do they care.Yes, Mama can be a little tough, but hey, its her place and her rules.They do have a two drink requirement. I think thats fair. I have seen people show up, order a drink, and spend the night nursing it. Seriously! You gotta be prepared to pay for the place, the music and the atmosphere, and two drinks is nothing!As for the tables, they have a right to expect people sitting at tables to either drink, eat or stand up! This is not your home barbecue!Finally, if you are in the forties plus, this is a great place for pickups. No, its not for twenty somethings, and again, its a country saloon. I dont dance worth a damm, but there is often the "barfly" resident cowboy that is able to dance, just waiting for the girls to come in.Not my thing, but people love it.This place is a part of the Scottdale heritage! Heck, I am told back twenty years people rode their horses up to the bar. I even heard a friend rode hers INTO the bar. Enjoy it and say hi to Ray!
1	I've never done this before (yelped)  but was so irritated I had too. I went to this place with my boyfriend Saturday night. We were charged to get in which pissed me off since all the bars around don't charge and have either live music or entertainment of some sort. Then once I get in the domestic beers where expensive. Once we got in I thought maybe I was visiting my gma at her assistant living facility. I have to say I do love "more Mature" people But really? I would say the average age was 60-70. The band was good but I live in Cave Creek.  We have country bands and its FREE! Then the beer prices, really? Umm not worth the drive at all. I'f they stopped charging MAYBE we would go back. We were in line with 2 other young girls and I'm pretty sure hot and young bring lots of people. They need to get a clue and the 70+ year old door lady takin money well not the friendliest. The lady bartender was the best thing there! We went to Dirty Dog and spent our money there. Peace out and good luck with that.
4	Friends of ours invited us to join them for dinner and a night out dancing.  We have never been to Handlebar-J, but heard it was a Scottsdale institution, so we were excited to give it a try.For dinner, we ordered:Steak and Enchiladas, $12.75Sliders, $8.95CoorsI had the Steak & Enchiladas and they were very good.  It exceeded my expectations.  Even though it wasn't a premium cut of Beef, it was cooked perfectly and had good flavor.  The Enchiladas were out of this world...wow!  All I can say is wow!The Better Half had the Sliders and she was very happy with them.  The portion comes with 2 Sliders, which is perfect for her.After dinner, the music started to play.  We then got our groove on and danced to country & classic rock songs.  The bar also filled up and there was a nice crowd there.  We all had a blast and worked off the calories we ate.We heard they have country dance lessons on Wednesdays, so we'll be back.Return Factor - 90%
4	If your looking for a fun night out with the locals this is the place. Great live band. Gwen, the owner, was very kind. The BBQ food was good not great, but the reason to come is the authentic country atmosphere and the live music. I, do, recommend the pulled pork with a great sauce. The servers are old school, so get ready to mix it up and the nicer you are the more attentive. The only negative feedback was the entire night was couple 2 step and would have loved some line dancing!
4	I came here with a group of friends and really had a good time. It's a very older crowd, I would say the average age was above 40. The band did a good job and I had a lot of fun dancing. There was a $5 cover, which is typical for most places. The dance floor was kinda small and kept getting crowded, but it was good enough. The fire pit outside was great and a nice treat on a cool November evening. The drinks were about 5.50 a beer and food seemed reasonable priced. I didn't have anything to eat, but I'll have to comeback and try it.
4	Great ribs and steak experienced in a Wild West setting served by a wonderfully warm and helpful waitress.  We'll. be back for live music and more good food.Great place to take visiting friends and family from the North.
4	great place to be a cowboy !!
3	I'm saying late forties plus. Great for mom and dad who want to swing dance. Not sure if the crowd gets younger later but I'm not sticking around to find out
2	I'd give it 2 and a half stars. It wasn't horrible, but it wasn't great either. My husband and I went to Handlebar J's when they first opened on Sunday. My chicken was a little too done. My husband asked for medium well on his steak, which means no pink, but don't burn it. Well, the outside was burned and the inside was too rare. He'll eat rare, but he'd rather it be cooked all the way through. What you really pay for there is the atmosphere. I think we will probably give it another shot though.
5	This 5 star review is for Kristen, a server at this bar.  She's aways the life of the party and is clearly the favorite server there.  Customers come there specifically to see her, including me!  She's the sweetest, bubbly, and considerate server.  She will bend over backwards to provide you with a fun experience and I will continue to come to this place as long as she works there!
5	A great country bar! It's not fancy, but you'll have a great time.... And the spicy mac&cheese prevents most hangovers!
5	Just one of my favorite places!  Everyone is so nice!   Band amazing!  Have not been for awhile but have been going there for years! Love Handlebar J!!
1	I hate this place. I feel like everyone here is party of wanna be redneck clique....Never again
5	We like the fish fry so much that we have completely neglected the rest of the menu!  And that is not the only reason to come to H-J!  We don't know of a better place to listen to live country music or get free dance lessons!  Nice big, usually full dance floor...lots of fun!
4	Great country bar! I went on a Wednesday evening and arrived to see the ending of dance lessons. The house band was phenomenal! I danced like there was no tomorrow! I couldn't move the next morning!!! The place get crowded fairly quickly...old and young alike.  Everyone was jolly!  Outdoor seating is available and it's very spacious! I did not eat on this visit, but I did get a $4.30 bottle of Handlebar J's water. :-)  I will return again when I can eat and drink!
5	best country bar in arizona!!!great live band,good service and amazing food!!!
3	Showed up on a whim while searching for Happy Hour stops. So on that downside, their craft beer selection was very limited. They had only Stella Artois, Blue Moon & two seasonals; SanTan Oktoberfest & Sam Adams Oktoberfest (I think). But on the upside, their food was frickin awesome. We ordered the chicken wings and the pulled-pork sliders and they were both terrific! So, if you want bomb happy hour apps, go for it. Great beer, eh not so much.
5	Great small country bar.  Band and staff are fantastic.  Figure out what section Gretchen is working in and sit there.  I am sure the other staff are great, but every time I go I sit in her section.  She is wonderful!  Always smiling and has a great sense of humor.   If you want a small, fun, local bar for country music, definitely give this place a try!
4	A friend who lives in the area invited us out for drinks. This is country all the way. The outdoor patio is pretty large the bar is decent size. They had the place decorated cowboy. Hats and boots all over. They had a band playing and they were pretty good, from old country to current it was working as the dance floor was full. The crowd here is older and interesting but people watching is fun.  Not much line dancing going on , its all about the 2 step here. Decent place good time and beer. Food looked good but did not try any. Worth the stop.
4	We were brought here by a friend. Seems to be a very local hang-out with a friendly crowd. Everyone is here to have a good time. The band was on the money as they had everyone on the floor most of the night. The food  looked and smelled good as well. I will have to try it out on the next visit. My impression was left by Enver the bartender. He asked your name once and you were his friend for the rest of the night. He remembered not only your name, but your whole drink order. Aces to this guy.
5	Only been here once, looking for some country dancin'. Wednesday night before Thanksgiving, not crowded, good music, and decent drinks. Drinks were more expensive than we are used to, but we didn't pay a cover, so I guess that's breaking even. We didn't order food. My rating is simply for atmosphere, friendly staff, and good music. Since it wasn't crowded, we had room to 2-step and West Coast Swing. We'll be back. (I would guess that a crowded night would have been much less fun for us.)And we didn't order water.
2	The server was great BUT the music and the band was awful.  We went expecting country music and what did we get....crap blues.  We had two beers and left.  Couldn't stand the music.  The server was great, however.  The band needed to see the audience.  The only ones dancing were the same three couples.  Look around at the rest of the audience and see that they are NOT enjoying your music.  Play to your audience NOT what you like.
