5	Having been to the same buffet in Vegas over and over again, I decided to take a local's advice to eat some place new.  The Feast Around The World Buffet is located inside the Green Valley Ranch Casino, just a short drive from the strip.  For the 21 and over kids, before going to the buffet make sure you stop by the rewards club and sign yourself up for their players' club card.  Present your new rewards card at the buffet and save each person $2.00.  Plus they will give you $3.00 free to gamble.  (Right after we ate I won 50 dollars off the $3.00 the casino gave us!)Being away from the strip I wouldn't expect the casino and the buffet to be filled with bustling Vegas junkies like myself.  And I was right.  The locals were out this Friday evening and the buffet was only at half capacity.The buffet isn't all that big and doesn't offer as big of a variety as some of you might be used to, especially for Vegas' standards.  However, I thought what they lacked in variety they made up in quality.  I thought the food was well prepared and a buffet with all you can eat snow crab is always a plus!  (They have both hot and cold crab legs!)  I can't think of a buffet that has snow crabs for less than 17 dollars a person.
4	This is in my parents' 'hood and after they made me sign up for a players' club card, $6.99 will get you the lunch buffet. During the slow summer months, it is even cheaper, $4.99.  If a small town feel could be possible in a cavernous casino, it is achieved here because the service is absolutely polite, very friendly and fantastic. Our drinks were refilled and our dirty plates taken away promptly, and the seater even came by later in the meal to ask if things were OK, which they definitely were!The food is on par with buffets, but I found myself eating a lot because everyone was so nice here :)
4	OK, so we went here on a Saturday night - bad idea.  We ended up waiting over an hour and a half to get seated (crazy!).  The price is certainly right - if you have the Boarding Pass card (free to sign up), it's merely $16.99 for weekend dinner.  I must've eaten half of the ocean in crab and shrimp.  They've got both hot and cold crab.  My friend got made-to-order shrimp scampi, and I saw other folks getting the scampi-style treatment on their crab, too.  They also have a Mongolian grill, decent salad bar, bunch of pasta options and several carved meat items.The desserts were fabulous.  I had part of a slice of carrot cake, and some lemon tart, and then a scoop of banana fudge ripple ice cream.  ICE CREAM, people.  Not soft-serve crap.  They make milkshakes and malteds if you want, too.  Of course, I overate and won't eat again for a week, but we really enjoyed the food.  Seems like a good idea to go here on slightly-off times.  When we left at 8:30pm, the line was relatively short.Solid 4-star buffet.
4	My mother is a big fan of the Sunday crab leg brunch at this place, and I usually get pretty excited when she calls me up and asks if I want to go.  The answer is always yes.Now, seriously, the crab isn't that good.  But for an all-you-can-eat deal, what do you expect?  Some of my family think it's awesome and just eat plate after plate of crab.  I might sample a leg or two until I remember why I only ever have a leg or two.But the other stuff, for buffet food, is pretty great.  Their omelets at the omelet station are always tasty.  Pretty much good breakfast stuff all around (I'm a sucker for their biscuits and gravy).  The salad bar is plentiful and fresh and they always have a prime rib and turkey breast out to be carved.  The quality of everything is consistent visit after visit.
2	we only go here because its the only place that we know of that serves crab legs every night and the ice cream bar, but I like Texas Station's buffets better, it has way more selection, in my opinion...Anyways, tonight they had a real problem with the food keeping its temperature once it got onto the plate, I wasted so much food because it got so cold...and it wasn't just me, other people were doing it too...also, some sections have a 2 hour limit of eating, which is kind of going against the all-you-can-eat description, its the only place I know of that does that...The mashed potatoes had something hard in them, the pork ribs had too much sauce, the meatballs got way too cold, way to fast, but the mongolian BBQ was great, although I think there should be more vegetables...the price is fine, since we use our points...i just don't understand the hype about the place, and it seems like they think that menudo is the only Mexican dish that they can serve, and who eats that anyway, selection is really lacking...I'd rather go to Texas Station or try another buffet...
4	UPDATE: This place now charges $5 a lb. for the seafood, so no more all you can eat crabs! That really stinks, huh? So the buffet is set for about $16 for dinner, and you are given poker chips to pay for the seafood....POOOOOO!My friends, family and boyfriend love this place! Crab legs for dinner, but not just any crabs! They can be cooked with a mix of butter, garlic, jalapeno peppers, and a bunch of other great seasonings and spices to add a unique flavor to those fresh crab legs. The fresh crab legs need to be opened with those crackers, but if you eat crab a lot, I'm pretty sure you know how to properly break those crab legs! This buffet actually marks the crab legs where you should break it, so that it makes it easier for you to eat with your hands! You can also get your shrimp sauteed with those ingredients too. The shrimp is usually fresh there, but I have seen some nights where they put the shrimp in the salad bar section (which sometimes looks as if the shrimp has been there for a whie). They have many types of food here, including Asian, Mexican, and Italian. I personally like their pizza here and their various types of pasta. If you're in the Asian section, you have to try their barbeque pork too! It is very tasty! My boyfriend loves the prime rib here. You can be the judge. It is rather tasty, juicy, and tender. Thinking of it makes me hungry.This buffet also features a Mongolian type grill section, which is sort of nice when you want something made to your taste. I had just recently discovered from my friend, Theresa, that they also can cook Korean ribs there (only at brunch and dinner time of course!). Also, don't miss out on the dessert section. They have a wide selection of Dreyer's ice cream like cookie dough, strawberry, cookies and cream, chocolate, vanilla, etc. You can even make milkshakes too!Come to this buffet if you're in the Henderson area, especially after checking out this nice resort (You have to look at the pool area! Don't forget that the show Hell's Kitchen was filmed here for a couple of episodes, and the winner of this last year operates the Italian restaurant Terra Verde here too!). For reference, here are the Buffet Prices and Hours: Breakfast:Monday - Friday: 8am - 11:30am$7.99 per person or $6 .99 with BP Card Brunch:Saturday & Sunday: 8am - 3:30pm$18 .99 per person or $16.99 with BP Card Lunch:Monday - Friday: 11:30am - 3pm$10.99 per person or $9.99 with BP Card Dinner:Monday - Sunday: 3:30pm - 10pm$18.99 per person or $16.99 with BP CardBP card is the Boarding Pass card for the Station Casinos
3	I was visiting my mom who lives in Vegas (a retired stripper) and she recommended this for dinner based on her prior experience.  Be sure to pick up a "Boarding Pass" player awards card in the casino before getting in line to save you $2.00 per person.  A good selection of foods with salads, desserts, American, Italian, Mexican, Mongolian BBQ, & Chinese/Asian.  Crab legs are now extra per the cashier.  She was a little hard to understand.  I thought she was asking if I wanted frog legs, ugh, not so much. The Mongolian BBQ will cook to order a variety of and the Chinese had the best quality consistency among their offerings.  Definitely worth the drive and a little more refined than the usual Las Vegas Strip Buffet. Green Valley Ranch Resort is adjacent to a large shopping center with what appeared to be upper middle retailers.
3	This is the best buffet I have been to in Vegas as far as overall appearance. They must have at least 8o entrees of different foods from well you know "around the world" kinda....sorta......nothing is exotic. It's basically Americanized versions of foods from different mainstream ethnic groups or cultures. Surprisingly the staff seemed pretty indifferent. The chef carving the prime rib acted like he bought that shit himself. I asked for an inch slab to save me a trip I mean shit this is my last few days before bi-lateral hip replacement surgery and I have a ton of moving around to do over the next ten days. Well maybe the fucker had bad eyes but that shit was still you're standard half inch cut. Ass. I would probably rate it closer to 3.5 stars because the food was all nicely arranged and the desserts rocked. Clean serving area and buffet line as well. $16.99 with my brother's club card is a damn sweet price. Standard fare but very appetizing.
4	One of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas, hands down. Without all of the hype, like the Rio Buffets, you don't have the crowd, like the Rio buffets... This time around I opted to have my crab legs & shrimp tossed on the griddle and the cook saute'd them in butter, garlic, cilantro, green onions & chili paste (tell them how spicy you want it). Frickin' delicious...check out the pics I uploaded. I even asked the carver to throw my slice on the grill...another good choice! It's off of the strip, so that might make sense of how cheap it is ($16.99 for dinner vs. $25+ at most other dinner buffets) ***Oh and for the people that used to pay for the crab legs $5 / lb. NO MORE!!! That's right, They no longer charge for crab legs!!!***
3	I would give this place 3.5 stars if I could. 4 for breakfast and 3 for dinner. The breakfast buffet here is super cheap, $6.99 with your players card. I loved the mini chicken fried steaks, churros and of course the bacon. Can't go wrong with bacon! The eggs benedict didn't fare as well since it was covered with a weird cheesy hollandaise and the egg was well done and the english muffin was dried up. They also have stations for ham, french toast and omelettes. Their dessert station at breakfast almost seemed better than at dinner. My boyfriend appreciated that they offered ice cream at breakfast time. I wish I had as many nice things to say about the $17.99 dinner buffet. Now that's a pretty good price considering the many $25+ places on the strip. Unfortunately the only standout for me that night was the prime rib. Everything else was average buffet fare. The nacho cheese was congealed and the sword fish was dry. They do have quite a few choices including stations for pasta and mongolian stir fry. The dessert selection is very disappointing - pretty much only slices of cake or pie. However, they do make mini ice cream shakes for you which I thought was cool.I would come back if I stay at Green Valley Ranch again, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here. I thought this place was better when I came here a few years ago. Who knows maybe I've just gotten older and out grown the joys of all you can eat...god forbid!
3	We ate at the breakfast buffet a few times recently and found it  had been downsized since our last visit though the quality remains high.  We started off with some almost ripe melon and strawberry yogurt along with OJ.  I tried a piece of bone-in ham (fair), a small slice of cheese quesadilla (excellent), crispy bacon (wonderful), apple crepe (so good) and a spoonful of warm bread pudding with pecan sauce (excellent).  We used a 2/1 coupon from a coupon book mailed to locals and received an additional $1 off by showing a slot card.
1	There was a sign posted at the entrance advising patrons that points and coupons could not be combined, but the cashier allowed me to tender a LVA coupon and use my Fiesta points.  My breakfast included runny OJ, skim milk, melon, an limpy cheese quesadilla, grilled veggies, 1/8th of a dismal pancake that I accidently drenched in melted butter instead of syrup plus fresh fruit with strawberry yogurt. We returned a week later when my goal was to reduce my calorie intake by limiting myself to OJ, skim milk, fruit and cereal.  What I actually consumed was all of the above plus a slice of cheese quesadilla, a dollop of bread pudding and a cheese blintz.  Overall this buffet seems to suffering from a lack of customers.
4	I have only been here for a weekend brunch, and my party waited about an hour in line to eat, but I offer four stars for the service and the cleanliness of the buffet. A couple other things set this buffet aside from the typical offerings on the Strip. First, the price is better; second, the setting is classier. Third, the food is a bit better: they have an omelet bar, a mimosa bar and will cook your crab legs and shrimp in an awesome Bay spice mixture. The service is excellent. But that wait! Oh, that wait.
3	I've come here for the dinner buffet before which I enjoyed the serving trays are smaller making the chefs replenish them more often so you get fresher food, I also like the mongolion bbq station, so I give dinner 3 stars.  Decided to come here for lunch one morning and I did not enjoy it, 1 1/2 stars for breakfast.  It seems like it's pretty hard to mess up breakfast but I did not enjoy it, and I usually enjoy all breakfast food.  I get much better food in my employee dining room at work. * Only come here if you use your boarding pass $2 off or if you have a coupon for BOGO (buy one get one free) other than that I think theres better buffets out there.
5	Had dinner with the wife and kids on Tuesday. My parents live in Henderson, so this is fairly close. Everything, and I mean EVERYTHING was tasty, so it's definitely worth the $16.99. We tried them all - pizza, meatballs, steak fajitas, Chinese food, ribs, shrimp, crab legs, ice cream, sweets, etc. They had prime rib also, not a fan so I didn't try it. There is a pasta station as well as a Mongolian BBQ station, where you can have it as you'd like it. Highly recommended.
3	I tried this place out a couple of months ago with my boyfriend and a good friend. We got here on a Sunday night..pretty late..probably around 9pm or so. There were still a good amount of people here even though it was a Sunday night.Let me start off with a huge minus...there weren't any sushi!!! I mean..how can they call their restaurant FEAST AROUND THE WORLD, and have no sushi??? I found that pretty odd, because even the lil cheap buffets you see everywhere have sushi! Anyways, they had a lot of the traditional American foods such as mac and cheese, fried chicken, pizza, many different pasta dishes, they had prime rib, and then they had the mexican station where you can create your own tacos/nachos. They also had an Asian section with the typical fried rice/chow mein. They had your other typical Asian dishes such as orange chicken, wontons, hot and sour sweet, etc. One thing I liked about this restaurant though is..they had the FRESHESTcrab legs ever!! I mean..and they had three different styles! They had the Asian style..which was cooked with ginger and green onions..very tasty. My only complaint would be that it was not temperatute hot enough. They also had the chilled crab legs that you could dip in butter. And then they had a section where you pick as many crab legs as you want, and then you put all these ingredients such as garlic, peppers, soy sauce, onions, etc into a bowl and they stir fry it in front of you! It comes out piping hot, and basically comes out to your liking, because you're giving the cook what you want him to cook your crabs with. Their dessert selection was also plentiful. They had a bakery like display, and you just picked what you wanted. They also had a smoothie bar! I have never seen that at any buffet! At the end of the day, I wouldn't mind coming back here agian just the for the crab legs. I still can't believe they didn't have sushi!
5	This is HANDS DOWN, my fave buffet in Vegas/Henderson!!!  Every time I visit the parentals, they know we have to go to dinner here.  The stir-fry crab legs & shrimp are my favorite thing in the world!  Delicious!!!!  I try not to waste my time on much else but the rest of the food stations are really good as well.  Great sauteed & grilled veggies.
5	If you want the BEST buffet in Las Vegas, do yourself a favor, hop in the car and drive 9 miles to come here.  They have the best Alaska King Crab and best Prime Rib of all buffets I've had.  And trust me I've had many.  The unique thing about this Feast Buffet is that they will stir fry your king crab with butter, onion, garlic, tomato, and cilantro.  You can also request it spicy like I did.  It smells wonderfully and tastes even more heavenly.  I am not kidding.  None of that ice cold crab leg crap!  The crab legs here are fresh, big, sweet.  One word - PERFECT!!!  I come here and chow down 2 huge plates of king crabs.  My hands get all greasy and I had to use 20 paper napkins, but I don't care!  The carve station serves the most tender prime rib I've ever had.  They also serve turkey, rotisserie chicken.  Oh, the fried chicken is also great.  Like all buffets, they have Chinese (best egg rolls and fried pot stickers), Mongolia Beef station, Mexican, Italian, dessert, soft serve and ice creams.  This by far is my favorite buffet in Vegas.  OK, it's in Henderson.  The price is very reasonable, around $20 for dinner.  I haven't had to pay since I get coupon from them (which was why I first tried it).  But I'd drive here and pay to eat even if I don't have the coupon.
4	First time at the Feast Buffet @ Green Valley Ranch.  We went on a Thursday night and the spread was pretty substantial.  Crab legs was the highlight.  You can cook the crab in any style you want.  Every table you passed had crab legs! The prime rib was really good, juicy and rare like how I like it.  Top up with horseradish and you're good to go!There was a pasta station and they had linguini and clams.  It was pretty good.  The pizza was delicious and fresh out of the oven.  There were also roased garlic in oil on the side and you could eat that with your pizza.  I actually put some in my salad!  The chinese station was not too bad.  If they have the chicken with the bean paste, go for it.  I've never eaten chicken so tender and with that type of paste before.  They also have char-siu pau.  Yum!The soup & salad bar was extensive.  I had the split pea soup and ham.  It was pretty good.  For salad, I decided to put one together on my own.  There were some platters with pre-made salads.Dessert was extensive with an ice-cream bar.  They could even make you milkshakes if you wanted one!If you sign up for the player card, you can get $2 off your buffet.
3	-Delicious tender prime rib-Yummy crab frying station-Mongolian BBQ station-Create your own omelet station-Breakfast buffet items probably not worth getting-Asian buffet station not too bad, the pork BBQ ribs were pretty good-Ok salad bar, good assortment of toppings (delicious pumpkin seeds!)-Yummy cocktail shrimp-Variety of cakes and desserts-Red velvet cupcake was too dry-Tiramisu could be better-Cheesecake too sweet-Good ice cream selection with different types of cones or in a bowl (I liked the coffee/mocha flavor)-Restrooms are in the casino, not in the buffet (just tell the cashier that you're going)-All in all, pretty good deal for $18 (use membership card for $1 off - you'll also get free $3 in slot play), it's worth it just for the prime rib, crab, and shrimp, topped off with some ice cream on a sugar cone. Everything else was meh.Sorry this wasn't in paragraph form...typed on my iPhone! =P
5	5 stars for the cooked and seasoned crab legs. The lady that cooks it is freaking awesome.Side note: I hate it when people stand in line to get their crab legs cooked and then they have their people get 5 additional plates and then when it comes time, they have 6 plates that need to be cooked.It's rude because the people standing in line only have 1 plate each.I'm throwing down next time for sure.
5	Whenever we go to Las Vegas, we always try to eat at the GVR Feast Buffet, it's always been a great deal for the price.  Just visited again last night (saturday night surf and turf), and it was even better than ever!  They had a tenderloin roast that was perfectly cooked, the crab legs were as good as ever, the salmon was delicious, and they also had seabas that was outstanding.  The also have a mongolian grill which is great, but I was way too full this time to make anything.  Overall, for around $20 on a Saturday night, I don't know of a better buffet in the Las Vegas area!
4	If you're in Vegas and want all you can eat crab legs, then come to the Feast Buffet at Green Valley Ranch in Henderson!  It's a short drive from the strip and absolutely worth it.   Load up on plates of crab legs and have them stir fried and seasoned to your liking.  I usually get the works ... spicy with butter, onions, tomatoes and green onions.  Mmmm mmmm good.  Four stars because the rest of the buffet is okay.  It's the crab legs that keep me coming!  Every time I'm in town, I hit up Green Valley and the buffet!  We always leave happy and full.  Talk about kanak attack!  And for $20 a meal, the price and quality just can't be beat!
5	This has now become one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.  If you get a chance to come to the Green Valley Ranch Casino (in Henderson, NV), you have to eat at the Feast Buffet.  I brought my Boyfriend here for the first time, and he LOOVED IT...we ended up staying past its closing time...hehe!Note:  Stick with the sauteed Crab legs (and shrimp) - Also, ask for "Everything & Spicy"  (its not really spicy, but you get a LOT of flavor when you ask for everything...)If you don't try the Sauteed Crab legs and Shrimp, there is no need to come here because you can basically find everything else at any other buffet.Also, the staff is extremely friendly and attentive.  It is one of the best services I've gotten.  There was no need to ask for more napkins, soda, utensils...it was all brought to the table before you even thought about asking for more...
4	The all you can eat crab legs on weekends is a must try item.  Pick up a plate of cold crab legs, go to the cooking station on the right side, and they cook the crab legs with garlic, green onions, etc. They tasted so good. You can ask for spicy or mild.
3	Last night, my mom decided to take us to the Green Valley Feast Around the World Buffet. She said it's good so we decided to give it a go. Since it was a Saturday night it cost $21.99 per adult. The difference being that it had "Surf & Turf." As with all Vegas style buffets there are different stations dedicated to different ethnic categories of food. There was a Chinese station, a Mongolian station, a Mexican station, an Italian station, a carving station, a salad bar, and a dessert bar. Perhaps there were other stations that I can't really remember at this moment. I thought the food was alright. It definitely wasn't spectacular, but then again no buffet is. I'm not a buffet snob, but being that my dad used to own several restaurants (most of them being buffets) and me even working at two of them I believe I have the background and experience to say what's good and what's not. They had crab legs but there was a pretty big crowd around it so I didn't even bother. Why wait in line to get some skimpy legs when I didn't even bother eating it at my dad's restaurants, ever? I can even eat King crab legs at home several times throughout the year. The carne deshebrada was way too salty. Salty to the point where I had to toss it out. The oysters were just whatever. Most of them were small and lacked the creaminess that I desired. Believe me, I love oysters but these weren't that great. The prime rib wasn't bad and neither was the cheese pizza. I was hoping that they would have creme brulee since that's the only dessert I like. However, they didn't. They had a pretty good selection of other stuff including bread pudding, cookies, cupcakes (miniature ones), pies, etc. Nothing I desired in the least but my sister got a plate of assorted desserts and I ended up eating the bread pudding. It was rather good. I decided to get a plate of Mongolian noodles. I loaded it with mushrooms, pineapples, spinach, ginger, and chili sauce. They had beef, chicken, pork, and seafood to choose from. I would have preferred lamb but since they didn't offer it I chose beef. The cook gave me so much meat that half of the plate consisted of beef and the other half noodles. It was even too much meat for me and I'm a meat person. Overall the experience was alright. The one thing that really sucked is that they don't have Coke products but instead have gross Pepsi products. I went with an unsweetened iced tea instead.
5	This is my must-go buffet when I come to Vegas.  Yes, it's 10 miles from the strip, but it's totally worth the drive.  Best yet, because it's FREE (I get free coupon in the mailer EVERY MONTH).  And YES, I would pay even if I don't get the free coupon.  The wait is never long (unless you come during peak hour (maybe 1/2 hr - 45 mins) or holiday ).  Try it, you'd thank me later.
4	How have I lived a mile from this place for 2 years and never tried it?! Big mistake on my part. Do you love crab legs? This buffet is a crab lovers dream (should specify these are only snow, not king, for all you crab snobs!). Going to go on a limb and say best buffet crabs in VEGAS! Yup, I said it. Skip the Rio, forget waiting in line 2 hours at the M  - freaking go to GVR. So the magic behind the crab legs is the "Grill Lady". Put your plate of crabs in front of her and she will make magic. Butter, Garlic, green onion, and whatever spice level you desire. Crab legs grilled to order? Oh hell yes! I didn't understand how the grilling of the crab legs would increase flavor (they are in shells after all), but damn it works. The flavors permeate the cracks in the shells and turn your boring buffet crab legs into a plate of deliciousness! Oh did I mention this buffet never has much of a line (15 minutes max!) ? Or that if you just sign up for the Station Card you get $2 off (bringing it to $18.99) PLUS a B1G1 free 1x/month! Yup, our crab magic was only $10 each last night!! Crab legs are 7 days a week for dinner, no need to wait for weekends! Ok so the bummer is , the rest of the food blows. As I was doing low-carb last night, I didn't get to try much. However my husband did, and yup, it all sucks. The pizza was ok, otherwise not much to write home about. So if you don't like crab legs, you don't matter anyways - get out of the buffet line and don't take up space on my crab eating tables. For the rest of us sane people, this buffet is an awesome value - and I swear the grill lady will have you hooked !
4	Mike and I stopped here for a cheap and good breakfast on the way to the strip. The corn beef hash was definitely some of the best I've ever had and donuts are always good. It was spacious, had lots of items, and wasn't crowded. Will have to put this on the come back list.
5	One of the few things I miss about living in Vegas is this buffet....I absolutely LOVE this place, it is worth the 45 min to an hr wait to be seated on Sundays...though they offer a wide range of cuisine including Chinese, American, Italian and Mexican I come for the SAUTEED CRAB LEGS ANDSHRIMP...yummmmmmmmmy!!!! ...the mix of garlic, cilantro and seasonings get into every nook of the crab legs and just melt in your mouth...My mouth is watering thinking of it..I can stay here for hrs and hrs just eating away with crab flinging everywhere (this is def. not a first date "try to be cute" place)The Mongolian grill and the Chinese food station are pretty good and everything else is your typical "buffet" quality food...Def. one of my fav spots in Vegas!!
5	One of the best-kept buffet secrets. A little costly than some but it is worth it. Make sure you try the grilled crab legs on Sunday
5	Probably the best buffet I've been to.  The crab legs are very fresh and plentiful.  The staff would refill them when the pan got down to the last quarter or so, which was impressive.  In my mind, it's worth $20 just for AYCE eat snow crab!  Everything else I tried was tasty too.  I really liked the mini crab cakes, mac & cheese and salad bar.  I didn't even venture to the international stations, so I can't commit on the Asian or Mexican varieties.  The ice cream bar was a nice touch.  Limited toppings though: m&ms, chocolate sauce, nuts, etc.  But the ice cream itself was nice and soft!  The other desert options were typical buffet style: lots of cakes.
3	The Feast buffet is still A-OK. The food is pretty good, but nothing extraordinary. I did notice that they have added a lot of customization to the buffet recently. They will cook to order pasta, burritos, stir fry, ice cream shakes and Cajun crab. I didn't get to try the crab, but there were lots of people lining up for it and I imagine that it's like the Boiling Crab. I was disappointed this time because there was no prime rib - the horror!I keep coming back because I stay at Green Valley Ranch often and get free buffet coupons. I think dinner is around $20, which isn't a bad deal, but I probably wouldn't drive off the strip for it.
4	Variety, $20ish, Cheap for what it is and Crabs. That's classic Vegas.
4	Thanks Wendy C for recommending this buffet. The cooked crab was delish. I had devoured two plates of crab and shrimp cooked in buttery spicy sauce! If you get there early you won't have any wait in line for the crab to be cooked to order. As is the problem with any buffet in Vegas there was way to just to much food! Prime rib was decent and the fried chicken was crunchy and tasty. I did save room for a small piece of Strawberry cheesecake! I probably would not return BC I'm not a big Buffet fan but would recommend this one if your into buffets.
4	First of all I LOVE that my parents are in town right now. It means I get to go out to eat ... and they pay!   (love it)My mom has been wanting to go to GVR for the buffet for days - and I have had a little cold and haven't felt like doing much, but relented and went last night. SO glad that I did. :)First stop CRAB - plated it and handed it to the nice lady behind the grill where she grilled it with tomato,garlic, thai chile, butter and cilantro.  Messy but so freaking good that you can't help but eat til you make your self sick  I also got some shrimp done this way... kind of a spicy shrimp scampi if you will. They had some Oktoberfest foods on the line ... pretzels with mustard sauce (pretzel good sauce sucked)  red cabbage, brats and sauerkraut.  fun times.For some reason I only allow myself to have a small amount of potatos here ( normally I don't eat them at all) but there is something about them and the turkey gravy that satiates a need. We got there about 4 pm and the line moved fast.  Enjoyed the food and our server was phenomenal - if you put your plate to the side it was gone before you could blink. ( can she come work at my house please I am adopting)GREAT meal soooo delish .. Yes I will be back ... again and again ... and again.
5	I dont know why this buffet haven't received a lot of reviews, I love this place, I tried several buffets like Bellagio, M, Aria, but so far, this buffet is still the bestfirst of all, the seasons crabs, crabs is good, crabs with seasoning, added flavors into them are smackingly deliciousThe deserts are so goodddddd, they have all kind of brownies, cake, and smoothie, ice cream for u to tryThe crab cakes are also my favorites, asian buns are SO tasty, everything is so tastyand You eat everything for around 20 USD, WORTH ITIt is totally Worth itDefinitely recommend !!!
5	My spam email address has the topic of loving crab in it. I love crab. This place has some of the BEST crab I've ever had in my life. This place is also only $20.99. They custom order your crab with all the best flavors of life in it. The next time I go to Vegas, I will rent a car just so I can drive to Henderson.Oh yea, the table limits are low to.
4	We met friends here for dinner tonight and had a great meal.  On my first pass, I got some stir fried bok choy, a selection of grilled, cold vegetables, blackened catfish, and a piece of garlic-parmesan bread.  All were quite good!Fore the second pass, I had Mongolian grilled assorted seafood with snow peas, garlic, chili paste, fresh chopped garlic, mushrooms, and baby corn.  I got it done with the garlic, chili sauce and it was excellent with a good amount of spiciness.  It could have had a bit more zing!Dessert was a strawberry milkshake and a piece of chocolate cake.I really like this buffet as a change.  They have dishes here that aren't served at Red Rock, so it's a treat to make the trek to Henderson now and then to eat here.  Besides, our friends had coupons for four free buffets, so the price was excellent!
4	For the price you pay, it's a great buffet for what you get. Sure the selection is not the best and it's a 15 minute drive from the Strip but it's all worth it.You grab a plate of crab legs and they saute it for you with tomatoes, garlic, butter, onions and chili. This is the best part and crab legs are addictive as Hell!The Mongolian grill was great as well. You can choose between beef, chicken, pork, shrimp, Korean ribs, or seafood. There are an abundance of sauces to choose from as well.Prime rib was above average. The dessert selection was limited but delicious.If you have access to a car in Vegas, next time save yourself some dough and enjoy this underrated buffet.
1	Beware of the server, Brenda!We sat through a nice meal that ended in a slew of innappriopriate comments made by Brenda. My grandfather has suffered from a medical condition resulting in hand tremors for years and apparently this waitress mistook the tremors for drunkeness. As such, she deemed it necessary to supply judgement in the form of comments such as "Just suck on your ice cubes, you're drunk anyway" and "here you go, drunk puppy." My grandfather had less than a single glass of wine. The comments were hurtful and rude. A manager was alerted to the problem, but I would recommend finding an equally good buffet elsewhere.We won't be back.
4	Definitely a very good buffet for the money. A wide variety of tasty food including LOTS of crab legs. We were very satisfied by the varied selection of hot foods and desserts. Be prepared for a significant wait to be seated during meal times. This buffet is popular. Perhaps go a bit earlier.
5	Sauteed crab legs are the best.
4	The Buffet is Pretty good and the price is not bad.Service is good, Big dining area, sometimes a little crowded.Food wise, you have a big selection -  Crab legs you can have seasoned  the way you like, a Mongolian Grill type the has beef, chicken, Pork, Kalbi beef ( I saw someone get a full plate of just Kalbi -Korean style marinated rib beef). Good amounts of seafood and a big carving station and Lots of desserts...Alot of food and the price wasn't bad at all....
4	My personal pledge to reserve Vegas buffet outings for out of town guests only went out the door this past Friday as the Husband and I checked out Green Valley Ranch Casino's Feast Buffet.Friday and Saturday nights are Surf and Turf nights from 3:30 pm to 10 pm, which ultimately means AYCE crab legs and whole roasted pigs.  It's normally $21.99/pp or $19.99/pp with a Stations Boarding Pass.  But for the month of November, an additional $3 is discounted - making dinner $16.99/pp!  (And with my coupon in the mail for BOGO free buffet - that meant $16.99 for two people!  What a deal!)The line was already long when we approached the restaurant a bit after 4 pm.  It didn't take too long for the line to get moving though.  There were hoardes of people in line for the crab - specifically the steamed crab legs.  But then there was this other line - you can have them stir-fry your crab legs however you'd like.  Ultimately, you grab your crab legs (or other food items), and then tell them what sauce you like and how spicy.  You can skip the wait and get cold crab legs and it's all the same.  This is what everyone swears by and the reason the Feast Buffet at GVR does well!  Other unique items at this buffet worth mentioning were the clams on the half shell, something I couldn't indulge in sadly enough.  But they do have milkshakes to order, which I was more than happy to help myself to! Other useful buffet info:Breakfast:Monday - Friday: 8am - 11am$7.99 per person or $6.99 with Boarding Pass CardBrunch:Saturday - Sunday: 8am - 3:30pm$20.99 per person or $18.99 with Boarding Pass CardAYCE crab legsLunch:Monday - Friday: 11am - 2:30pm$10.99 per person or $9.99 with Boarding Pass CardDinner:Sunday - Thursday: 3:30pm - 10pm$20.99 per person or $18.99 with Boarding Pass CardAYCE crab legs
5	One of the best buffet I've ever been to.  They no longer have the King crab selection at a reduced price but the quality of food is still very good.  I like the roast beef but I tired every station and was not dissappointed.
3	Sunday brunch, it used to be spectacular, with crab legs, and many other delights. Now, however at $11.99, (prices are lower) there were no crab legs, but the choices were still exceptional. I was surprised by the sea bass, it was lightly crisp on the outside, moist and soft inside, the salmon was just slightly mushy but still had good cedar plank flavors with the dill sauce. The unexpected was the sweet and sour fried fish! It was really good. Overall, still not a bad buffet, but now just a little bit plain.
4	Went to Sunday brunch at the feast buffet. They are not serving crab legs on the buffet in Dec,that doesn't  bother me I don't really eat crab legs at buffets to messy for me.        The good thing about this was they charge less about $12 per person. The quality is pretty good too. Everthing I ate on the the Chinese station was tasty and fresh.   The menudo soup was very good , better then most Mexican restaurants in town, for some reason I always have to season my menudo soup at Mexican restaurants not here. The prime rib was good quality not like some other buffets where they went too a cheaper off tasting product. I can't explain it , but I know it when I taste it.              I saved the best for last, the bread pudding is one of the best or the best I ever had.  When they first opened I fell in love w/ this bread pudding, There was a time I would crave it .  It is crusty on top and very moist at the bottom, it is very custard like , they also have a creme anglais( thin vanilla custard sauce) that u can put on it to make it even better.            Very glad that the quality has not gone down like some other station  casino buffets.
3	20 minutes off the strip.  Line wasn't too long. Nice, clean, classy casino. Came here with the intent of being a crab leg glutton. Turns out that they don't serve  crab legs in the month of December. =,(But who's to complain when a buffet costs 11.99 for the month of December? They still have the standard Vegas buffet foods... prime rib, chinese, mexican, and a pretty decent dessert bar.
4	Very good and tasty buffet for the price.  You can spend a lot more than this in Las Vegas for mediocre buffet.  The Asian section was great - Pad Thai, and many excellent Japanese, Korean, Thai and Chinese dishes.  The sushi was below average with tiny amounts of fish rolled up in lots of rice.  The dessert bars were good, you have to ask for some of the pies and things behind the counter and I am glad we did, the coconut cream pie, and the little chocolate cups filled with mango cream were awesome.  We went on a Sunday night at dinnertime and there was a 45 minute wait in line in the way-too-smoky casino.  We'll be back though!
2	If I were to be making a vegan list of Las Vegas (which I kind of am). This buffet would be on my vegan do not go list. While some buffets gave decent side dish options, Green Valley does not.This buffet has lowered its price for January and gotten rid of its crab legs (wooo!). It seems as though they are strained with M being so close and that buffet being better. Even if I wasn't vegan, I still would not want to eat here, not much looked very appetizing and the service was a bit sub par.I was here a few years ago and it was better then, there were a few tofu dishes. At the mongolian gril station a few years ago the cook got tofu from the back and made something with separate utensils. No luck this time. There are only meat options at the grill and they won't use separate utensils for meat and veggie. I mean, seriously, how hard is it to have a little tofu kicking about and 2 pairs of tongs? Really?The Bok Choy in the asian section was super overcooked and gross. The salad bar was a bit disappointing too. Really the only thing to eat as a vegan was veggie chow mein which had very few veggies. Pretty disappointing if you ask me. I will be very happy if I don't have to eat here again.
4	Feast Buffet is located on the Casino level of the Green Valley Ranch Resort. We tried this place upon recommendation of family living in the area and we were not disappointed. The lunch buffet was $6.99 (including your drink). How can anyone not like this price? Prices are lowered for the month of January but that would mean no crab legs, which is fine since I don't care much for them.They have a great selection of different kinds of foods I didn't even know where to start. They offer your traditional American food as well as Italian, Mexican and Asian. I believe there's a salad section but I didn't get a chance to check it out. The desserts were my favorite section and it's also the largest :) They have so many different kinds of cakes and pies, cookies, muffins and ice cream.The service has been great. The waitstaff would always check on us and make sure our drinks are refilled. I would definitely go back!
4	Not *the* most amazing buffet I've been to, and the line is a little out of control, but it's pretty good...for an omnivore. Now, I'm a vegetarian, and chilled mostly at the nacho bar and mongolian wok, since pretty much everything else had meat it it. However, my partner isn't veggie, and she had a blast, trying a plate of this and that. Her verdict is that the Chinese food is delish, the Italian could use some help and everything else was tasty, but not amazing.Our service was great, with quick drink refills and plate clearing. I personally was disappointed in the dessert section, as that is what I was saving room for, and found that most of the desserts where too dry, too sweet, or tasted wrong. That said, the little shooters of tapioca and tiramisu were absolutely fabulous.I might come back, but when they're having the lower prices; for a vegetarian, it isn't worth the super high regular cost.
4	Went here with Mom for lunch today.  (Been here a couple other times and this is the first time I'm reviewing it.)Normally, I don't do Buffets. But this one is an exception. I hear the one at M is good too so I plan to try that one day too.  Anyways....Waited about 20 minutes... we got there at like noon for a $6.99 lunch.  So, figures there'd be a wait.For the price and considering it includes our soft drinks.... I gave this 4 stars for price, value and selection.They don't have their crab or shrimp selections... but that's cuz it's $6.99.  But really enjoyed what they did have.  They have a nice selection of Italian, American, Mexican and Asian fare.  I did more Asian fare this time.Mixed green salad with cranberries, pecans and blue cheese... YUM!  Went back for seconds.Chef's salad - YUM!  It was a bit of mystery salad but then we found out the base was barley which I thought was different... it had chopped apples, cranberries, nuts, corn and all sorts of stuff in it... and the textures and taste really worked.  Who Knew!?Chinese stir fry green beans - YUM!  a tad oily but not salty and not soggy.... it's a buffet ...I can't be overly picky, rightEggroll - crispy on the outside, meaty with nice veggies on the insideTofu - light... what can I say... it's Tofu... and I don't normally eat it but thought I might as well try it.... it was in a light soy/sweet sauce and the tofu was a little too watery for my taste.. but it's probably supposed to be that wayBok Choy - eh! wasn't impressedRed Bean puff thing - it was pretty good... I didn't know what it was but I like to try everything once.  It was covered with sesames on the outside and looked like a mini donut... tasted like a mini donut too with what I assume was Red Bean paste on the inside because it was not sweet but more savory-like.Asian Pork BBQ - dry... didn't go back for secondsSeabass - not melt-in-your-mouth-Chilean-Seabass.... but still good nonetheless.... light and butteryMongolian BBQ - didn't try it but it looked really good... maybe next timePecan / Florentine like cookie/cake dessert - SO GOOD!Chocolate covered Macaroon - Wow!  It was rich! You had better like coconut and ... one bit was all I needed to have my sweet tooth satisfied.Tiramisu shooter - OK... it tasted more like vanilla pudding and the bread / cake part was tasteless.
5	Wow! The $6.99 lunch buffet here is AMAZING!  (And I hear the $4.99 breakfast is just as amazing). There is a Mongolian BBQ grill in the back, and it is phenomenal. (I got the Mongolian sauce. YUMMM! Be nice and tip the chefs a buck, its worth it.). Red Rock Feast buffet turned me off of all Stations' buffets, but this is totally different. Everything is either good or great. Deserts are buffet standard, but overall was super impressed and for $6.99, its an insane deal. Service was great even during the main lunch crush.
3	Booooo!  They drop the price of the buffet in December 2010 but also eliminated the CRAB LEGS!!!  I thought it was only temporary but I went back last night, still the same!!!  WHYYYYY?  I come here ONLY for the stir fry crab legs.  I'd rather pay more to have the CRAB LEGS!!!!  BRING THEM BACK Please!  Soooooo disappointed!
3	So at $5.99 for lunch it's hard to complain. The lines are a joke and the clientele is like weight watchers meets Cocoon. Other than that and as long as you don't mind being shoved by 100 year old Asian women, I guess you could do worse.
4	I like this buffet. A good selection of food. But I love the baked sea bass in a lemon cream sauce. They have a great Mongolian BBQ section where they will grill  Korean BBQ ribs for you with the marinade of your choice.Great dessert bar with gelato, sundaes, smoothies and a variety of cakes.A great deal if you have the membership card ( Free).
2	Cheap mediocre buffet food .. Place recommended by local friend.$8 non player price for breakfast, $10 for lunch food.Omlette station, fried food, and mongolian BBQ was about all that's worth the mention.On par with NCL cruise ship buffet..Not a Carnival or Princess buffet quality or taste
2	The breakfast  buffet used to be very good, but both the size and quality have diminished over recent years.  The line this morning was long because of the recent price decrease to $4.99 coupled with the availability of 2/1 coupons on the weluvlocals website.  The fresh fruit offered was limited to unripe melon.  We both ended up ordering easy over eggs, but I cranked mine up a notch by turning mine into huevos rancheros.
3	Same ol' Station Casino buffet if you consider price and selection. I like gathering a plate full of cold shrimp, garlic, onions, green onions and having them saute it with their red chili paste. These simple ingredients along with their seasoned grill makes it tasty and soooo good.
3	Pretty decent buffet inside Green Valley Ranch. For $5 (with a preferred member card), how can you beat it! We lined up at around 10:15am and had to wait about 30 mins, so we were just in the nick of time to get some breakfast food before they cleared out for lunch.The omelet I ordered was pretty huge, lots of ingredients, and I was able to order egg whites only. The rest of the breakfast food was solid. Then I tried their Chinese section (lunch), it was nice to actually see a Chinese chef cooking the food, and actually, most of it was pretty good! Had a decent dessert section too. I was looking forward to the ice cream, but I'm not sure if their fridge wasn't cool enough or what, but the texture of my ice cream was melted already. But again, for $5, totally worth it. Heck, even for $10 it's not that bad. Our waitress was pretty good too, and kept our drinks refilled.
4	I've been to this buffett twice now (lunch and dinner) within the last couple of months and thought it was very good for the price. However, with the local discount I think I'd prefer the Carnival World buffett at the Rio which I think is very similar only with more to choose from. It was nearly two years ago since we went to the Rio so I could be wrong. I just remember the Rio had Lasanga which I thought was quite good for a buffett.
4	I was pleasantly surprised when we came here....I think this place had me at Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, my FAVORITE coffee place, ever.  The dessert selection was good and they had some really good ice cream, not like the dingy kind where you only have vanilla, chocolate, or swirl.  Also, the entrees were delicious...I especially liked the baked brisket and pasta selections.   To top it off, the price here won't break the bank....get a Preferred card and buffet meals are half the cost.  I'm looking forward to going back for dinner tonight!
3	If you're from the Bay Area and are a compulsive gambler, I mean, buffet lover like me, this buffet is similar to The Feast Buffet at Thunder Valley Casino.  It has the same name, same look and feel and when TVC first opened, it was a Stations Casino just like Green Valley Ranch is.  We had dinner here on Easter Sunday so pretty much, they raised the price to $25.99 for adults and the only difference is that there were a tray of Peeps in the dessert station.  Apparently if you're a Stations Casinos player card holder, you'll get a discount.  Every little bit helps.But focusing on food quality and selection, let's face it, no one can top the buffets of the big box luxury casinos, i.e. Bellagio and Wynn.  But at the same time, you're paying almost double, if not more.  With that said, the offering at The Feast were decent, probably a little too basic meaning, they served the typical Fried Chicken, Mashed Potatoes, Pasta, Pizza, etc.  They had your usual Asian, Italian, Mexican, American and Seafood stations.  The Salad Bar was nice as they had a few mixed salads, antipasto and chilled shrimp.  I'm really surprised that they didn't have any crab, especially with the premium in pricing.Overall, The Feast was a nice buffet but certainly not the best out there in Vegas.  As far as in Henderson well, Studio B has The Feast beat.
4	Good breakfast brunch here. Got great selections! Not too pricey either!
5	The Feast Buffet at Green Valley and Red Rock are the best.  They offer a huge selection of different food items.  Don't pass up dessert though and try the spumoni ice cream.  You can also have milkshakes made to order.  You should definitely get the Station Casino Boarding Pass (even if you don't gamble) so that you can get discounts at the buffet.  If you do gamble and spend boat-loads of money, you can get upgraded to Platinum and Chairman status and don't have to wait in line for the buffet.
4	We come here rather often since we live close. We always feel like we get what we want for our money and enjoy what we get. Took a star away because they don't offer the crab legs anymore
3	its ok ive had better..they need to lower the price to match the quality of the food.
5	aww i remember the time when myself and everyone else i knew thought that downtown had the best seafood buffet. lol what did we all know only visitors that stayed in the downtown area. a friend of mine brought me here a few years back and I've always made it a point to come here for birthdays or when friends and family visit. this place is good to bring large groups, don't really know the price right now because they always seem to be changing last I know they were under $20 for dinner with players card. When you walk right in you are greeted with a huge fake fruit and veggie stand. They have prime rib, which they'll throw on the grill if you want it a little more well done, grilled salmon, some times lamb chops, a Mongolian station that also makes kalbi korean short ribs, some chinese, an italian station with made to order pasta dishes, soups and salads, and a pretty good selection of desserts, cakes, pies, ice cream, and milk shakes. And they have crabs legs lots of them and they're huge. they have them hot, cold, and even made to your order, add garlic, green onions, chili peppers, various sauces, if they don't have it at the crab station but have in another go ahead an grab it and have them add it. i usually tell them to add everything and just make it not too spicy. I'll also just have the plain hot crabs legs, grabs some garlic, butter, shoyu (soy) and have the pasta station make a sauce from those ingredients without the crab, then grab a large plate of steamed rice and go to town. i always did it that way to lobster when i was back in Hawaii. busy a lot of times so expect the wait. have someone wait in line, leave um there and go do your thing. if their hungry they'll have no problems with waiting.
5	Great buffet. I always go here if I bring people to Vegas. It's only $12 for dinner if you show your players card...which is free. Great variety of food and desserts. Its as good as the buffets on the strip...maybe even better since it's so cheap for the same quality. Its a local buffet also so no annoying young people screaming and being drunk. All around good buffet for price and quality.
3	I already reviewed the Feast Buffet over at Sunset Station, but I decided to compare this place in terms of quality.  It is a step above the Sunset location, but still pretty ho-hum in terms of buffets.  The selection is wide, but not all items are created equal.  I stayed close to the Americana section; the prime rib was good (as it usually is) and I liked the flavor of the BBQ chicken.  But the real gem here is the dessert section...remember to leave room so you can indulge in the ice cream, milkshakes and a variety of pies and cakes.I hear this place has a good breakfast variety, but I just can't convince myself to get up that early to stuff myself with food.  Pooh on me.
4	I'm giving this buffet 4 stars because of the $12.99 pricing when you present your player's card.  While they do not have crab legs, they do have shrimp at the salad bar.  The selection is pretty decent also for the pricing.  There is an sections for Italian, American, Mongolian, Chinese, Mexican a carving station , salad bar, and a dessert bar.Our wait staff has been efficient and our plates and drinks refilled without asking every time we have dined here, (dinner only) which has been about 6 times in the last 30 days.The won ton soup is actually edible, with the won tons not being overly pasty or foul tasting like I have experienced at several other buffets.  They also offer free house wine which is actually pretty good.  If you want a decent selection with decent quality, try this buffet.
3	Came here to avoid traffic before heading back to Cali. My cousin suggested it because with a players card dinner is only $15. One card is good for 4 people. It was worth $15 for sure! It reminded me of a fancier Hometown Buffet. The food wasn't gourmet like buffets in Vegas, but it was fancier than other "normal" buffets with normal buffet food. They had prime rib station which is always a plus. They also had a taco making station. Also, you could make your own pasta. The salad was delish too. My sweet tooth was satisfied because they had a little dessert buffet. We were there at closing so most of the good dessert was gone, but they still had some of their good bread pudding and of course ice cream! I got vanilla and ordered a root beer and made a root beer float. =D This ended the night for me. I was stuffed! Definitely got my $15 worth! Would consider coming here again if I needed to kill time before heading home.
3	Eh, it's $8 for lunch - but for that price, you're not seeing the shrimp and crab, obviously.  The only seafood was a white fish of some sort, baked or fried.  But honestly, for $8, there's a ton of options including a plethora of desserts.  I enjoyed some big hunk of carved beef, plus turkey breast and some other things I can't remember right now.  I was happy that there were plenty of proteinlicious offerings.  Just wish I had some shrimp, too. ;)
2	This buffet has gone from a very good dinner at an exelent price to: soggy salad, salty pasta and rubbery prime rib, the desserts are still at the same great taste though. Vegas is supposed to be known by it's cuisine, but lately it has been found overpriced and wanting.
4	This review will be short and to the point. The GVR Feast Buffet serves a large variety of tasty food, for practically half the price of a Strip Buffet. $17 including a tip, on a Saturday night is a bargain. I have ate here several times, and with the exception of the expected long line, I never had a bad experience here.
3	We like this buffet cuz my hubby always gets buy 1 get 1 free with his taxi id and with our daughter that's 3 is also free; makes it an awesome price for the three of us.  Food is good for our price.
4	I went here last Saturday for lunch for a graduation party.  This place was pretty and spacious.  I really liked the setup as well.  First place I went to was the "comfort food" section.  They had mash potatoes, corn on cob, cornbread, bbq chicken and bbq pork.  The bbq pork was the best part.  it was juicy.  The asian food section was ok.  The egg rolls were pretty good.  I was expecting sushi, but no sushi.  They even had a section with  pita bread with dips with deli meats.  I have never seen this kind of section in any buffet.  I thought this was interesting.  They had the normal roast beef, prime rib, and ham.  They also had mongolian bbq.  I was impressed with the comfort food section.  Service was great.  Oh, they had sweet potatoes and the potatoes were huge!
1	I'm giving them a one star because of the rude attitude and behavior of the manager (Dave). We were planning a party for 30 people for Oct 15. But we were told by this manager that they couldn't accommodate us and just go to Fiesta Casino. He could have said it nicer and more professionally but unfortunately that doesn't work for him. So I'll take my raggedy party somewhere else and they will never ever see me again.
5	For the price there is no better buffet in Vegas in my opinion than this and the Red Rock buffet. Get a players club card and get your buffet for slightly cheaper too. The selection is great and the food is good quality for the low price of this buffet. This is definitely a must stop for me whenever I come to Vegas.
3	This buffet used to be the best in Vegas, but all of a sudden they decided to remove the crab from the buffet, stating the cost was the reason.  No one had a little black woman adding so much love to their crab like CVR.  In the for of butter, seasoning, fresh tomatoes, cilantro, etc.  I just hope they don't loose customers this holiday season, because so many folks will show up expecting a feast of crab, not knowing the "the little black woman" and her great flavored seasonings are gone!
4	I was in between a 3 or 4 stars. But 3 stars is "a-ok" while 4 stars is "yay i'm a fan" I chose to give it 4 stars because yeah, i would definitely come back here again.If you join their players card, you get $5 off your buffet price. So I believe it was $18.99 for dinner?? I THINK.To me, I'm a simple kind of girl when it comes to food. Just give me the basic stuff like pizza, pasta, dumplings, hot soup, salad bar, potatoes, chicken, rice...you know...simple basic everyday food. Don't give me none of that fancy-smancy crab legs, oysters, sushi....basically the seafood crap that AUTOMATICALLY makes the price skyrocket.With this buffet, it satisfy my needs.Best part of the buffet is the dessert bar. For such a simple buffet they have a variety of cakes to choose from. They also got a ice cream station with many flavors to chose from. Now, for me, a dessert bar is not considered a GOOD dessert bar if they don't have my MINT N CHIPS OR PISTACHIO gelato and/or ice cream. But thank goodness they have mint n chips!!! =) Yay!!!!! I'm a happy girl. You can turn your ice cream into a milkshake too!!! + on that one. To break it down:M Resort "Studio B Buffet" : 5 starsTI/Rio's Carnival World Buffet: 4 starsGreen Valley Ranch Buffet: 3 starsAria Buffet: 2 stars...and thank goodness I didn't have to experience a 1 star buffet in Vegas yet.You know I've been to Vegas too often when I start to venture off the strip.
3	I thought I reviewed this a few weeks ago when I went, but I guess I was pretty wrong. Well, here goes.Some of my classmates and I wanted to do a team bonding thing, and I fought for the Feast Buffet at Sunset Station. We ended up going here because it was closer for the majority. I was kinda expecting a lot more out of this place since it was the same name as the buffet at Sunset Station but more expensive at $13.99 with the Boarding Pass compared to $9.99 at Sunset Station. However, the extent of their seafood was sea bass and some shrimp. No crab legs or anything with a hard shell. Meh.Furthermore, the Korean beef at the Mongolian BBQ station ended up being somewhat too salty and tough to chew, and definitely not from the same quality cuts that you'd find at a Korean restaurant. There's plenty of nice entrees and desserts and whatnot, but I wouldn't go all the way out here for dinner because the extra cost is simply not justified. Stick to something closer to where you live or vacation.
4	Went here a couple weeks ago on a Saturday with a group of 18. Given the small seating space this buffet had, we were seated after 20 mins or so.. not bad. And we were all able to sit together. In our group their were a variety of ages & preferences so this buffet was perfect.. & they did things fresh.. I stuck around the salad bar & fruit..lol. But they have a burger bar where they make your burger cooked to order with any toppings.. Also a fajita station where they will make you fresh fajitas.. and last but not least a icecream staion where they will make you shakes & sundaes :) This buffet is also very reasonably priced.
3	Ah! A buffet. Love 'em or leave 'em, I've always said. Well, actually I have never said that until now. I have eaten breakfast here and also supper. Both were good-not spectacular, mind you, but good. The waitstaff and servers are excellent. I had carved beef. Others have said that it was great. They were right. Then, I had grilled sausage with onions and bell peppers. It also was pretty good. I would have grilled the peppers a little more but I happily ate them.Dessert was ok but I have always been disappointed by buffet desserts; and that includes the Bellagio and The M, The Rio---all of them. They look great but only taste ok. Ok means so-so and don't waste your time with them.All-in-all, I liked the experience and will come back. Of course, that's because that's how I am. Not changing either. Just give me some wonderful CHERRY pie and I will fade away in happy contentment.
4	If you have, a car or any reliable transportation then what are you waiting for. Leave the Strip and head on over (it is only about 15 or so minute drive) to a great buffet! Sure, it isn't the Wynn or even the Cosmo but heck for $18.99 per person you are treated like a Queen (or King, Or Princess).This is a huge buffet and it clean. The possibilities are endless here. Our host was nice as she took us to our table, and said we could start anytime we wanted to. Drink orders were placed and Minh and I were outta there. Both of us were starving like a marvin and ready to take on this buffet one plate at a time!! If my mind can remember, (it was an all you can eat extravaganza) there was:-Crab Legs (Stir Fry is an option here)-Shrimp-Mongolian BBQ-Prime Rib-Turkey-Fried Chicken-Salmon-Grilled veggies-Fresh tortillas-Guacamole and pico de gallo-Shredded pork-Lime rice-Mashed potatoes (and wedged potatoes)-Assorted breads-A salad station (either you could make your own, or they had pre-made salads).-Korean spare ribsI think I totally carb myself out on this trip. After three plates, I was calling it quits. After waiting for my food to settle, I went back for desert....There is not a huge selection sadly but they did have some great tasting treats including sugar free options as well.-Mini red velvet cupcake (it was ok tasted kind of old)-Various cheesecakes-Lemon Meringue pie-Ice Cream and Gelato-Pie shooters-Fresh fruit with whipped creamOur waiter was kind as our glasses were re-filled each time without asking, and out plates were cleared by the time we got back to the table. Leaving the buffet, we were thanked for coming in with a smile. Service you do not see that often anymore!
4	As buffets go this one is solid all around. Easy to get in. Inside Green Valley Ranch Hotel and reasonably priced.We ate the breakfast buffet at about 7:30 and it was not very busy. Super variety of breakfast foods plus salads and a few crossover lunch type items. Waitress was very friendly and food was pretty good. Definately get to the omelette bar and get yourss cheffed up first. Will go here again.
4	This is a good buffet.  One of the better Stations buffets overall.  It's $13.99 for dinner with the players club card.Sarah A mentioned crab legs... they actually haven't had crab legs in over a year since they lowered the price.  The crab legs really used to be the big draw here, but sadly no more.It's still good though and well worth the $14.  One of the highlights now is the mongolian station where you can also get Kalbi Beef Korean short ribs, along with the normal mongolian stir fry choices.  There's the typical Italian, Chinese, Mexican, and American stations.  And they also have a decent dessert variety with plenty of NSA items as well.
4	Dinner and breakfast at this buffet is very good. Service is decent. And the dessert station is delicious. Only a lackluster lunch  prevents this place from getting a five star
2	What can I say except...home town buffet.  This used to be a great buffet, what happened.  We always ate here when in town but everything that made it great is long gone...I will try another buffet next time and urge you to do the same if you haven't been in awhile.  Gone is the seafood, crab, customer service and overall taste...still here is the $20pp charge for Sunday buffet.
4	I love to FEAST!  Feast Buffet at GVR never disappoints.  You really can't beat the price for this buffet and there's rarely a ridiculous wait in line.  There's a wok grill where you can create your own yummy stir fry, a pretty good selection of Chinese food as well as Mexican and Italian food.  There's meat carving and a pretty decent size salad bar.  I enjoy the cocktail shrimp and soup too :)  The dessert station is alright...you can't go wrong when there's ice cream!  They'll also make a milk shake with whatever flavor of ice cream that floats your boat!
1	It's incredibly cheap for a buffet, but then, it's an incredibly cheap buffet. Foodwise, nothing here was particularly good at all. Everything was fine, but not a single item made me think, "that's good, I'd like more." To make matters worse the service was horrific. I left my table to go the buffet and when I got back there was a dirty rag and tray on my table. I sort of paused as I approached this disgusting sight and the waitress scooped up the items with a "I thought you were done..." No apology, no offer to re-seat me or clean my table, no explanation of why she thought I'd left before actually making a single trip to the buffet.
3	I ate here yesterday for lunch and it was just ok... It used to be better before but I don't know what happened. I never saw our server. I thought the guy busing tables was him but no one ever greeted us. They were in the middle of shift change while we were in line, and they seemed like they didn't really know what was going on. Their was at least 10 different employees standing around the cashier booth. With the manager yelling for someone. Will definitely be back and try it again. I was disappointed that they no longer carry crab legs. That was the best!
4	Another Station Casino. Another good place to belly up to the buffet!!We were very pleased with the variety and the superb quality for a buffet. It certainly is not anywhere near gourmet, but for a family dining experience, this is tough to beat for about $14 for dinner. And the deserts must be shared among the Station Casinos. They have the same splendid Spumoni ice cream as the Red Rock Casino, and the food was virtually identical. And in this particular case, that is a very good thing!We were very pleased with the entire experience at this Casino, and this simply added to the appeal. We will return on our next vacation in a few months!
2	The Feast Buffet at GVR is always clean and inviting. Service is acceptable and at lunch you can get a fresh rubin or grilled ham & cheese at the teppan station. The selection is decent and they have spamoni for desert. If you like deals get a players club card and you can eat breakfast for $5.That said, sometimes the line seems to take forever to move. If you do a teppanyaki they only use ground meat (not good.) I am yet to see a crab leg at the place. They also kick you out between meals. We met for a business lunch and just hung around the table reviewing paperwork (not even drinking soft drinks.) The place was mostly deserted and they came over and told us we had to leave in 5 min. Ok, not eating, not drinking, not preventing anyone else from having a table. We left. I guess they were worried we would pay for lunch and get dinner....gasp! wait, no crab legs, yeah we were not waiting for dinner service. For the price it is just okay, we usually just go over to Sunset Station or the Rio.
2	I am seriously disappointed with the food and service! This WAS the Buffet to come to, now... Easy to replace. Service absolutely disappeared! Our table and the next table went to go find the waitress and our drinks! Very unfortunate.
3	Just went to Feast Buffet at GVR and found it to be just OK.  Granted it was Easter Sunday which might of accounted for the 11/2 wait for a buffet that had no stand out dishes at all, but you get what you pay for $18.99.  The staff was polite and very helpful.  I don't think I'd go back for the buffet, but the resort is a yes.
3	The quality of the food is good here. Nice variety. I especially enjoyed their desserts. We signed up for their players card and the lunch buffet was only $8 each. No reason to roam all over Vegas to find a decent place to eat. This place is not the greatest but it is good enough.
5	I love most of the Station Casinos Buffets.  The GVR has the best korean ribs made to order.  I love this buffet it's a little small but the food is great.
2	I've been to a lot of AYCE buffets, so my expectations are pretty high.  So, for $18.99 Feast buffet just didn't have the quality or choices that would merit such a high price.  Yeah, I know that if I had a pass, the price would be $13.99, but the in-laws forgot their card, so we had to pay full price.  Granted the meal does come with champagne/mimosa, which is a plus, but they had the same old boring choice of food...breakfast items, chinese food, salad bar, etc. The prime rib wasn't even tender and flavorful.  Perhaps if they had the famous crab legs that I have seen other Yelpers rave about, I would give them higher marks.  But alas, they weren't serving the crab legs on the Sunday I went.  Also, their desserts were pretty cheesy...donuts, pie, and cookies...I expected more.  Their gelato wasn't even good either.  I think that the buffet at M Resort is a better buffet for the price and they even have AYCD alcholic beverages.  Sorry Feast Buffet, it will be my first and last time I dine here.
4	A year ago this place would have gotten 5 stars, but it is not what it once was. That being said it is still very good for a buffet. I do miss the crab legs.
4	A buffet should serve breakfast till noon. 11 is not lunch. Especially if you had fun last night lol. They need new highchairs since most of them are broken
4	Just okay. Yes, prime rib was good. BBQ was mediocre. A long line getting to our table was a definite bummer. But we did enjoy desserts, salads, and a few main courses. For the price it was a screaming value, at lunchtime. So overall, we enjoyed it. The chicken was good. Asian station was good. Food was well prepared and overall we enjoyed it.
3	Dear Menu Decision Makers of the Green Valley Feast Buffet:It almost brings a tear to my eye having to determine if you are now a "Meh. Ive experienced better" or now an A-OK in my book.  I opted to go with the A-OK because me and you go way back.  For those that know me I am a simple girl with simple taste buds and I do not seek out those razzle dazzle fancy pants buffets that most enjoy.  That is why I thought we had a good thing going here Feast Buffet.  I mean you are always sending me coupons telling me you like me and want me to come back for a visit.  That is why I can not understand for the life of me why you have replaced your mac and cheese (my favorite item) on your menu with "chili mac and cheese".  The first time this impostor mac and cheese and I came into contact it took my breath away, and not in a good way.  I immediately became panicked and it through off my entire routine.  After I calmed down and collected my thoughts I tried to give you the benefit of the doubt and think maybe you had some ingredients you needed to use up so you decided to through the kitchen sink into the simplest staple item on any decent buffet.  Fast forward to our next encounter.  The chili mac and cheese is still there and now it looks like it has a permanent home.  I don't know what to do.  At this point I have told my husband you and I are through until you get your act together.  No one likes chili mac and cheese.. what is this a family reunion?  Take a look at the pot, there is usually one poor soul who has taken a scoop of this nonsense because they are either color blind and doesn't notice the mac and cheese now has a horrible burnt sienna hue to it or maybe just feels bad that no one else is eating it.  This is a test of our friendship Feast Buffet.  The ball is in your court.
3	For one of Station Casino's better high-end resorts, this Feast Buffet only gets an average score from me.  The food was highly so-so.  I think since I frequent a bunch of the Station Casino buffets in different locations (hello, Platinum Station card holder!) I could possibly be burnt out by their similar offerings in each of them.  Although I will say Green Valley's Feast does have some uniqueness to it with some different dishes.The line for this place is usually long, especially on a weekend.  It used to be super-duper long when the BOGO coupons came out a few summers back and there was AYCE crab legs offered.  I think this is when this Feast hit it's peak.  What happened to the seafood extravaganza, Station Casinos?  Bring that shiz back!  Feed us hungry piggies!Now it's just bordering on the mediocre and meh and blah for me.  It's just doesn't have the appeal that it used to.  We used to drive from the NW part of Las Vegas to go to this buffet.  Now, I'm almost afraid to say I can go to the Santa Fe Station or Texas Station and have a similar experience.  Almost...thankfully.Green Valley's Feast has just about all the same dishes as any of your typical Station Casino buffets here: American, Chinese, Italian, and Mexican are all represented.  You got your salad bar and your dessert bar...yeah, all practically cloned.  I will give Green Valley's Feast a bit of a leg up here though.  They do have a few things to offer that other Feasts don't.  For one, at dinner they usually cater to the Hawaii resident crowd, serving up some 'almost' authentic Hawaiian food.  They had katsu when I went last time (though a bit dry), and a little whole kalua pig (apple in mouth included) as well.  I say kalua, but I highly doubt this little guy was roasted in ti leaves with Hawaiian salt in an underground imu (aye, oven for you non-Hawaiians).  I've seen a kalua pig before but I stood there people watching anyway because the looks on many a caucasian's face was, well...PRICELESS.  I mean, it was just funny watching their faces of 'OOH' and 'AAH' and 'EEK' from many a passerby.  Hilarious!  Yes, I counted each of the folks I observed staring at this whole roasted pig.  Any yes, majority of them were of the caucasion descent.  But at least the pig went somewhat happy because of the grin of it's little face.  I salute you, oh tiny piggy, as I graciously take from your bountiful belly area.  YUM.Green Valley's Feast will also let you get a sandwich done on their griddle/stir fry area.  I had a decent Philly Steak and a Reuben on my visit.  Sure beats a burger for a change every once in a while.The only other thing at this Feast that was a hit for my family was the shake and malt section.  I love me a good malt!  I mean, these weren't high quality, high butterfat malts but at least it was a nice change from all the other gelato stations you see now at all the other Feast buffets.  Myself and my kids enjoyed a shake and a malt each to wash down our dinner.  Plus I might have had a malt to go.Service is the usual at the Feast, fast but friendly.  I'm glad our server took the time to keep our glasses full even though her section was obviously full that night.  Price is on par with all the other Station Casino Feast buffets.  Visit here if you live on the Henderson side of town otherwise I think you might be ok with going to the one nearest you!  But do go here for the little piggy show!
2	The food here is mediocre at best and the wait is horrendous.  The only redeeming perk is that they provide free wine at dinner. Granted, its not great wine, but its palatable and its free. My boyfriend likes to gamble at GVR and usually gets several 2-1 coupons during the month; so we eat here quite often. I know it'll take 45 minutes to an hour to be seated, even if there's less than 30 people in line, so I usually bring a book and read in line while he continues to gamble.  I once asked the cashier why it took so long and she said they didn't have enough servers, so they try to stagger the diners.  The food at Sunset Station is the same and the lines move 10 times faster.
2	It is what it is...a Station Casino buffet.  The good is just okay and the line is usually long.  It's not bad and it's not good...nobody got sick and everyone left full.
3	We came here twice for breakfast as it was included in our Groupon purchase to stay at Green Valley Ranch. They have your typical breakfast buffet items.  The sausage, bacon and hash browns are good.  They have an omelet station but it looked like the wait was long.  Skip the eggs Benedict, they had a funny taste.  They didn't have the "expensive" items like roast beef or lox for breakfast.  Ketchup was never at the table and we always had to ask for it. They have separate lines for hotel guest and players to avoid the crowds. Players also get a discount. The servers were nice and got our drinks quickly.
5	This is one of the best buffets in Vegas hands down. If you are planning on visiting only one buffet, try this one. It's worth every penny.
4	Very reasonable priced las Vegas buffet.  Food is above average nothing impressive but can't complain with price.  Great customer service, were accommodating with special dietary restrictions.
3	It's a love/hate relationship.I love this buffet because the food is always good and there is a great selection to choose from. Also, for the month of August, they have a 2-for-1 special going on for Boarding Pass members.What I *hate* is the awful line and wait. My family got to the buffet line at around 5:10pm (pretty early for dinner) and we didn't get seated until 6:20pm!!! This is pretty standard as I have waited similar times in the past but UGH, I'm hungry!!!!Not only are you waiting in the 3rd class stewage line (not staying at the hotel or have mucho $$$ to upgrade your Boarding pass) you have to compete with the lines of the hotel guests and Stations High Rollers to get a seat!I read from previous yelp posts that they do not have enough servers to fulfill the demand. UH! Vegas is one of the most unemployed cities, open up these serving jobs so I can stuff myself and dance in gluttony faster!!!!
3	2 AYCE for lunch on a thursday afternoon! 8.00 each with boarding pass- We actually got it the 2 buffets FREE. I was playing slots and the machine wouldn't print my voucher. o___O.. I had to wait 30min, but I guess it was worth it bc they comped me ^___^- 5min wait time at 1:30pm! GREAT! - Love the tacos! SO much sour cream! Although taco meat is a bit drippy..- No sushi. Red Rock has sushi -___-. - Mongolian BBQ for Asian section. Pretty lame. Noodles gross.- Fried chicken with ketchup and some potato wedges. KFC! do grilled? KGC!- Eclairs for dessert! SATISFIED!- Leave with a coffee cone ice cream :)- Hope that your slot machine gets busted so you can get a FREE BUFFET! lol- Free buffet only good m-fri for breakfast or lunch... -___-
3	This is a very, very basic buffet. You won't find a ton of dishes outside of the "American" section. No sushi, which is always sad. That being said, the service is friendly and the dining room and buffet line are clean. It's not my favorite buffet by a long shot, but with the price being comparable to what you'd spend on dinner for one person at a traditional restaurant, it's a good way to feed multiple people who can't agree on a cuisine.
5	Um so yeah, got a coupon for 2 for 1 buffet, didn't think much about it but my friend lives on the other side of town so we decided to meet at GVR [in the middle] for drinks/gambling/dinner. Suggested my coupon and he was down as he had eaten at this buffet for breakfast one time and said it was really good. It blows the buffet at Red Rock out of the water.  It's smaller but has just enough food.  For the 2 of us it was like $16 [with the coupon] so like $8.00 each.  I had a make your own taco which had all the fixins and was delicious.  They had a whole carving station spread complete with turkey, ham, and beef. Baked potatoes, gratin potatoes, mashed potatoes, my stomach just growled thinking about it. My friend showed up with a Thanksgiving meal on his plate covered in gravy that just made me lol'd and smh!   Chinese food was good too not too salty just right, fried shrimp, salad bar, and a large selection of desserts that I steered clear of :)Go it's good and it's reasonably priced!
2	I believe tonight will be my family's last visit to this buffet.  With 2 kids under 5, this place has become UN-kid friendly. As of June 17th 2012 kids under 2 are free. So we basically have to pay $12.99 for my 3 year old son to eat. Screw that!! When my husband and I only pay $13.99 with a players card why the hell would I pay $12.99 for my 3 year old to drink apple juice and eat greasy macaroni with a few pieces of fruit?!  Whoever made this change in their pricing must be out of their mind. Nice way to lose customers.  Another annoying thing is how slow the line moves. After you've paid you have to wait to be seated. If its taking a while to seat people then that means those who have paid are still standing right in front of the cash register cause there is nowhere for them to go. So the cashier just stands there and waits until they are out of the way to ring up the next person. All this goes on while the cashier at the "VIP" register stands there and chit chats because he has no body in his line. One would think he'd ring up the next person from the normal people line, but no he doesn't. Us normal folks must not be good enough for that. By the time you get seated you are so annoyed!Now I'll get to the food. It's ok. Your standard buffet food.  It's the Feast so you have Asian, Mexican, Italian, American, a carving station, salad bar, Mongolian grill, and desserts.  I'm pretty sure I didn't miss anything. Oh, we visited in a Friday night at 5:30. There was about 10 people ahead of us and it took 20 minutes just to pay. We didn't have to wait to be seated cause our party was already inside. There is nothing special about this buffet. I wouldn't be sad if I never went there again.
4	Real quick, for the price you pay, this buffet is totally worth it!  Now on to the details:Like many reviewers have said, make sure you sign up for the boarding pass before you eat.  It does not take too long to sign up BUT the lines for the buffet will be long so get there early!  I waited at the Green Valley Ranch location for up to an hour before finally piling food onto my plate.  In other words, if you want the breakfast buffet special, arrive AT LEAST 2 hours before the transition to lunch time, just to be safe.So what about the buffet lunch recommendations?Pizza, Mongolian Chow Mein, salmon, french fries, any fresh meat cuts, potato, and salad.What you really don't need at the buffet:Pasta, tacos, and fortune cookies (unless you really want your fortune before gambling)Dessert wiseI say try any of it, at least a scoop of gelato if they have it.Other than that, if you want to save money but still want pretty good, if not exceptional food for the price, definitely come by one of these buffets!
4	Platinum status member ya'll!! And I definitely reap the rewards I get from Station Casinos. Which includes 2 for 1 buffets. So I go with my family once a month and we all enjoy the good food! I am a huge fan of their spring rolls and sugar-free cheesecake! SO So good!!The staff though sometimes can get rude and I once saw a waitress ignore a table simply because it wasn't her table and she wouldn't bother to go find the right waitress.Other than that, get there on time to not wait in line!!
4	Nice selection at this buffet. The price always fluctuates (some months it's 2 for 1). I dined on a Monday at 5 pm and used a comp. The price with Boarding Pass was $12.99, and there wasn't a wait.  The most memorable items I had were cream of broccoli soup, mozzerella & tomato salad , fried shrimp and pretzel rolls. The pretzel rolls are seasonal items for Oktoberfest. There are stations with American, Asian, Italian and Mexican food. The cold salads have a great variety also, including Caesar and spring lettuce w/ cranberries, walnuts, & bleu cheese. Desserts include the standard pies & cakes, and a variety of ice cream. The bread pudding is a standout.
4	Very reasonable price for what you get. , I'm going back this weekend  for brunch
5	great foods...
1	Long lines because they delay seating new customers. Lots ov completely empty tables, they just are in no hurry to seat anyone.We talked to Buffet Manager "Brandy" about it and she openly stated they control number of customers inside by making people wait in line. We were somewhat surprised at her answer and asked if customer satisfaction was her primary concern, and she coldly replied "NO" .Needless to say, we will not return and advise all others to avoid disappointment as well. Go to Sunset Station or SouthPoint or The M, they are nearby and do care about customers.
3	I've only been here for breakfast.  The lines are ridiculous and it's your average buffet food at best.  They start switching over to lunch before 11 and I think you get people who come around early to pay breakfast prices for lunch.  What somewhat redeems it are the 2 for 1 coupons  we receive in the mail, making breakfast buffet for 2 people a mere $6.99.  No buffet is worth waiting in line this long, though.
3	I visited for dinner.  The service was excellent but the food was only so-so.Pizza was excellent, and so was the sesame chicken but some of the other choices lacked quality or flavor.  There were cheese enchilada's that I swear were filled with nacho cheese sauce. Salad bar was lacking in fresh toppings, and consisted mostly of canned beans and crunch bits.The buffet at Red Rock, though similar, was much nicer and had a bigger selection of food choices.
1	This is definitely not somewhere I would recommend anyone going to. I had dinner there today and it was $14.00 which includes a soft drink with refills. The restaurant has an awful smell of old cooking oil and the food was over cooked. I had a piece of sushi and the rice was as hard as rock. Within 5 minutes of being home after having dinner there I threw up. Stay away this place is disgusting.
2	Blergh, no. I kept thinking well it was under $10 for lunch (with boarding pass card) so I couldn't expect much. I now realized I'd rather get one or two GOOD quality delicious items at places like Bread and Butter or Greens and Proteins then bunch of crap that this buffet was dishing out. This one is located inside of Green Valley Ranch and hence my expectation of higher quality food. WRONG.  Everything I tried tasted microwaved or stuff you could find at the grocery store. Some items were down right inedible. I had a piece of bbq chicken (I have found better quality at Vons), cheese ravioli that tastes so doughy and disgusting, mac and cheese which was decent but only because of the overpowering fake cheddar cheese out a jar that I used to love as a kid. The orange chicken was mushy and slathered in gross corn starchy syrup deeming it inedible, and the tofu was a mushy mess. The dessert section looked like grocery store bakery rejects. Never again.
4	Pretty good. Lots of different choices. I forget which day of the weekend they have seafood but, I loved the crab legs that you can get sauteed with a bunch of herbs and spices. All types of foods. The dessert section is great too. They have hand scooped ice cream or soft served and bunch of other selections.
5	We love their Breakfast buffet.  It's as good as it gets for the price! We visited the Feast Buffet for our first Easter Brunch in Vegas.  Delicious!  It was only $20 for the holiday price. We used to pay alot more for alot less in Arizona on Easter.  Their seating process on the busy holiday was so much better than usual.  The line went very fast and were seated as soon as we paid. I would recommend this to anyone!
4	I love coming here for breakfast, they have an omelette station where you can have them make your personally customized omelette. What I love about here is that they are constantly refilling the buffet keep the food warm and fresh.Between lunches and dinner the only difference is that they have shrimp and at the Mongolian grill station the meats change to include shrimp, that's it no huge difference. They do however have a huge selection of dessert which is always a plus for someone with a sweet tooth.
1	When it comes to buffets I like to call myself experienced!! I love them! They are always full of an awesome variety of food and you can never go wrong with the fresh made stir fry.... Unless you eat hereWhat a terrible I mean terrible Dinner Starting off with the worst customer service ever. Vegas is known for there buffets and great food and service at restaurants and other things but we are are talking food here! I kid you not after about a 15 min wait in line which is typical for buffets around dinner time so I'm not complaining about that but what started the hatred was the simple fact that it took 45 min to get our drinks. Yeah ok we had a table of 9 including kids but seriously 45 min to get water and a soda. We all were on our second go around of plates and ready to make the third trip down when we finally got our order of drinks that was placed when we first got there. Then to top it off as normal we finished our drinks fast yeah we were thirsty the lady took roughly 15-20 min To come back to our table with our refills. At this point I asked if she could just bring us a pitcher of water. Which to our surprise was pretty fast. (Now after you read my rant go through there pictures and witness first hand the nasty filthy pitcher she put on our table.) as we examine the filth inside and out and with the disappearance of our server again we decide to go to the front and ask to speak with a manager. Lady says what table are you ok I will send the manager there. 10 min 20 min 30 min 45 min go bye and finally after the waitress who just sees all of us sitting there asks If there is anything you need. At this point we say yes the manager that we have been waiting for! Now side note I'm not one to complain and moan but when it's bad it's bad. Finally after over 45 min the manager comes to our table we explain to her our issues with the wait for her, the drinks, the terrible service the terrible dried out food....which I've yet to rant about... The dirty nasty pitcher were just a few things that we laid into her. Much to our surprise She begins to defend her staff and say well thats not what she said, and on and on... lady look at the pitcher and examine the situation before you speak... then she goes on saying well you asked for a pitcher.. Damn straight we asked for a pitcher of water. Well I'm sorry sir but we don't give pitchers here. Ok wtf you did and look at it. Yes sir it appears to be dirty but again we do not give out pitchers and sir the water is clear... Wait what did she say. The water is clear so what my dogs bowl water is clear and you don't see me drinking Out of there bowl! Anyway she results to saying after she finally examines the situation and sees that it's been bad she lays into the server and basically tells her off she says well I can give you 2 comps and you can eat here again for free....um let me think about that. The service was terrible, the dish wear was filthy I mean so bad I wouldn't let my dog use it, the food was less than mediocre... hmm yeah I would love to come back said no one ever!!
4	One of our mainstays on the buffet circuit, mainly due to it being the Station Casino closest to our house (so we get to burn our comps here most often).Breakfast ($6.99 w/ players card) and lunch ($8.99 w/ players card) are pretty good deals, but get to lunch early if you have to get back to work, since I've seen 30 mins lines for weekday lunches.Dinner is $14-15 depending on the day, and $25 on Friday for more seafood, but honestly I don't think it's as good a deal as breakfast or lunch. One of my pet peeves is that there is no decent bread to be had, not even for brunch. Smoked salmon on toast isn't really my thing.Being off the strip, traffic and parking is not a problem. Service is hit or miss, depending which server you get, as in most buffets.The food:Over the last 10 years, the dishes served haven't really changed much. The chinese food that's not breaded is typically pretty good, and as a healthy option, the mongolian bbq cooked to order is nice (specify "no oil" !). The pasta station provides some relief from the stuff just sitting out in the warming tray, and occasionally the pizza is really good when it comes out fresh (sometimes the crust is a bit thick for my taste).Some vegetable choices are pretty low on salt and high in butter, but the Collard Greens they had today (not always on the menu) were pretty good. The turkey from the carving station is typically cooked well (unlike Southpoint's), and the dessert area is ok. Not gourmet food, but for a $9 lunch hard to beat.
2	I had heard this place was good from a pretty reliable source...a local secret of sorts...FAIL!$25 each isn't bad.  $25 for a 4 year old is highway robbery!The food is average quality and selection here.  Crab legs are not sliced open for you but they did have a slick station where you can have the cooks wok up the legs and make it spicy.Gellato tasted like supermarket sherbet.  Not too impressed with this one.  sorry.
4	This place is worth the value :) Especially if you have a buy one , get one coupon that they mail out.  We have eaten here now around 5 times.  There are many choices such as fried shrimp, broccoli rabe in garlic and oil, lots of chinese food dishes and spanish foods and an Italian section.  My kids love the pizza and garlic bread.They have lots of soup and salads.  The tomato and mozzarella salad is really good.  The dessert section is really good.  They have really good spumoni gelato and other yummy flavors too.  The staff is really friendly too.
2	We hadn't been to a Feast buffet in a while, so my husband surprised me when he said he wanted to try it.  Little did we know it would be an 1hr in line and the food was old.  It turns out that Wednesdays are senior days at all Stations casino's, so be weary if you are gonna go be sure it's worth your wait and then when you're done, expect to still be hungry!
5	Good job to Green Valley for bringing back the crab with the grill station.  This is EASILY the best setup in Las Vegas for a buffet if you like crab legs on Friday nights.  They brought me in with the buy one get one offer and they kept me there with the quality of the buffet.  We stopped coming here when they stopped serving the crab legs with grill station because, while it is a good buffet, it is not much different than the other buffets in Las Vegas.5 Stars with the Friday night crab grill.  Way to go GVR!!
2	This buffet is just really average. Most dishes are ok, some are pretty good, but nothing is excellent.The better-SHRIMP (pile a plate of the cold shrimp at the salad section and hand it to the chef so he can stir fry it with all the good sauces/spices. I like hot, so they used all the spices/sauce for me)..I do have to say that they were a little dry..not great quality..but the seasoning/sauce is just soooo good!-milkshakes (hand scooped ice cream with malt based liquid. It's just a regular small milkshake but it does the trick.-mashed potatoes with gravy (brown gravy is salty and good)-ice cream (had mint chip on a cone and it was yum)-pasta (but only when it's RIGHT out of the oven) I had a white cheesy macaroni pasta and a pinkish pasta with tube noodles and based mozzarella cheese right out of the oven and it was pretty good. Average/OK/Skip-Prime rib (pretty flavorless)-cookies/cupcakes (pretty flavorless)-pork wonton soup (strange taste to it)-green beans (tasted like the frozen/rubbery kind)-corn (just ok)-peas (just ok)Overall, we paid the $14.99 and I think I ate our money's worth. The pink lemonade was pretty good too but I'm sure it was just run of the mill soda dispenser lemonade.My boyfriend had about 4 servings of prime rib that he said was "ok" turkey that he said was "ok" and a few other "OK" things. He didn't like anything that much. But I want to go back to eat my weight in shrimp! Yay!
4	Always come for the breakfast buffet. I love the French toast and the fresh fruit. The waitresses are always nice to deal with. Being a club member you sometimes get deals in the mail for buy one get one free and that always makes it nice.Breakfast is 8-10:30
4	As a local and a card member for the station casinos, I would get coupons to the buffet -- Buy one get one free! So why not go here? Brad T. and I would usually go here during lunch time since the price for the lunch buffet is $8.99 or $10.99? The service is quick and the place is clean.The food is good and feels me up.  Here are one my favorite choices:-Salad bar-Pasta-Garlic bread-Mashed potatoes-& their asian station.-oh & ice-cream - it's not the best ice-cream in the world, but who doesnt love ice-creams?!Overall, I would recommend this buffet it is a pretty solid buffet.
5	This is the best buffet in Las Vegas in terms of quality, variety and value. I eat here at least once a week. You can go all the time and never have the same meal twice. This buffet is a bargain at dinner time. For around $14 you can eat all you want and it includes a soda, coffee, tea, etc. This buffet isn't the fanciest in town but it excels at serving good quality, crowd pleasing dishes. There's a great salad bar that features several pre-made salads (think Asian salad, coleslaw, spinach and blue cheese salad, chicken salad, marinated artichoke hearts) and a fix-it-yourself traditional salad bar. Cocktail shrimp are also in this section as well as fruit and cottage cheese.The Asian station is top notch with a variety of veggie, beef and fish dishes and good soups / rice / stir fry. The Mongolian grill is my favorite feature of this buffet! You load up your bowl with fresh vegetables (they have a great selection that includes spinach, mushrooms, onions, noodles, peppers, zucchini and lots more) then tell the chef the type of meat you want (chicken, shrimp, pork beef, Korean ribs) and choose from a list of sauces and they cook it up for you. It's always good and always fresh. They will also cook up a cheesesteak for you here too if you ask, or if you just want a plate of Korean ribs they'll oblige.Next comes the Mexican station with MADE TO ORDER FAJITAS, several good Mexican dishes and a taco bar. The American station is fine with carved roast beef (usually prepared very well done), salmon at dinner and delicious roasted turkey. You'll usually find fried shrimp, fried chicken, baked fish and more. They have a good selection of vegetables here too, including green beans, broccoli, mashed potatoes, corn, cabbage, collard greens and other favorites like macaroni and cheese.The Italian station is good too with sausage and peppers, a variety of pasta bakes, spaghetti, garlic veggies, and antipasti platter and YUMMY fresh-baked pizzas. I love the pizza here, it's so good but it's also popular so you may have to stand around and the pizza oven and wait for a fresh pie to come out on the line. You'd better move fast because the pizza disappears as fast as it's served.The absolute highlight of this buffet is their dessert section. They have an INSANE selection of sugar free desserts. I am in dessert heaven at this place. Choose from sugar free brownies, cream pies, apple pie, cherry pie, chocolate fudge cake, lemon cake carrot cake, cheesecake....and this is just the sugar free section! They also have NO SUGAR ADDED frozen yogurt in their soft serve machine, another feature I go bonkers for! There's a scoopable ice cream case as well where you can get hand-spun milkshakes (sorry, no sugar free options in that case). I never eat the full sugar desserts but there are plenty of cookies, pastries and other goodies.The lines here can get out of control so be prepared to wait. If you go at less popular times, you can usually get seated in less than 10 minutes. Go during peak hours and you'll be waiting anywhere from 45 minutes to 2 hours. The only other negative comment I have about this buffet is the service. Sometimes it can be horrible, other times it's good. Try not to sit too far in the back, that's where you usually get stuck in the bad waiter zone.
4	The only thing that stops me from giving 5 stars is the fact that they were out of scrambled eggs. When I asked for some I was told u could get it from the omelet station because she makes them for the buffet.  She was to bzy making eggs for TIPS to stock the buffet!
4	Have to update this and increase my star rating.  I've since been here for lunch and dinner as well as holiday brunches and it's always been an excellent meal.  The food options at this buffet are terrific.  My favorite is the Mongolian wok.  I think that alone is worth the price of the whole buffet!  Even the gelato milkshakes for dessert are heavenly!  The price is great if you're a boarding pass member.  They send buy one get one coupons almost monthly.My biggest gripe is the line.  It can be flat out awful.  I've waited almost an hour to get in there on a Sunday night.  You have to make sure you're not starving when you arrive, otherwise you'll just be cranky and pissed once you get your table.  Other than the line, this is one of my favorite buffets around!
5	Love the dinner buffet at Green Valley!!!  Roast beef is awesome!!!  Great deal for locals!!!
5	This is in my opinion the best Station Casino Feast buffet. Came here with friends to celebrate a friends birthday.   I've been here in the past & it was poor. Cold food & old food used to sit. Today we came in for the Saturday night dinner. It was much better than the last visits I remember.   I saw that they have cook to order burgers & Philly Cheese Steaks. Yummy!  Glad we used or 2 for 1's here instead of Red Rock..
2	I'm not one for giving low reviews on places but this place gets it from me. It's a decent place to grab something to eat, as I came for breakfast & you basically get what you pay for. That's the easiest way to put it. The breakfast selection was shabby in comparison to other local casinos. The food quality was below standards, would take you up to 10 to 15mins to get an omelette or fresh eggs made. Most of the foods was greasy & felt like something out of a chow hall. Hunting down servers for drink refills & extra condiments like napkins, ketchup, etc. Now on the bright side, if you're balling on a budget & need a quick meal fix, this is your spot. Again this my breakfast review & I can't make any comments about lunch or dinner. After eating at a few other local casinos, there's a certain standard being raised without me realizing it.
1	I am going to give a 1 star rating because the Roast Beef is overcooked and the meat is chewy. My experience at the Feast Buffet is less then perfect. Visited on 11/15/2013
2	Sigh. This place used to rock, but just went during a weeknight (Tuesday) and it was horrible!  Turkey too dry, roast too fatty, and ham too salty.  Goldilocks would have been disappointed as nothing was 'just right'.  Desserts were 'ok'.  Weekend buffet has crab legs and seafood that I remember being great, but man what a disappointing experience this time around.  Hate to say it, but I preferred the Sunset Station buffet better...
5	Not only for locals. The Feast Buffet in the Vegas area has been the best buffet I've had   In this city. For price, service, and quality of food. I visited the green valley buffet this Christmas Eve with my wife. Arrived about 7 pm for dinner. The line was not long at all. If you go on the strip, you are waiting for an hour. The Christmas Eve dinner price was about $20 per person that night. We actually paid $10 per because we got a 2-4-1 coupon in the mail for being a club member. Which I suggest guest get for the discounted prices and deals onfood and play at any stations casinos.  After paying we were seated right away. The table was not on level ground but I fixed that with the extra napkins I got. They served our drinks before we got back from the bar and was on there best service refilling drinks and clearing our plates. Its the reason We come back over and over again. I can say so much about the food good and bad but that would be a long list. The price you pay for the quality of food you get surpasses any bad.The soft serve ice cream is my favorite with all feast buffets because it's not yogurt. Mmm and they let me walk out with a cone for on the go. Thank you for the experiences.
2	The food is on par with any decent casino buffet, but having to pay full $19.99 price for a 5 year old is a bit ridiculous IMO, so definitely skip it if you have kids...
2	Standing in line....for an hour......hour & a half now....now two hours, and finally got a table. Now off to the line to get crab legs, yes a line, then with my plate of legs I move into the line to get the legs cooked in a yummy Cajun style seasoning, so after a total of waiting too many hours & too many minutes to count I finally got to eat my crab legs. While the wait was beyond toooooooooooooo long, they were quite tasty! But the rest of the buffet food was plain ole mediocre $10.00 buffet food!!!!!! While the price laid was $25 per person. I would not recommend this place unless you come on Fridays for the crab legs. P.S our server/waiter wasn't looking to thrilled to be working there, no smiles, no welcoming chit chat, just nothing at all.
2	Feast was disappointing at best. The food was low grade, but truly what do you want for ten bucks?The service was good and at 9:30am there was no wait for breakfast.If you are looking for a super cheap buffet then you have found your spot.  In my opinion it was save yourself  a few  bucks and get an an Egg McMuffin and a cup of coffee at McDonalds.
3	Went here this evening for dinner with friends and found that options at the buffet were very hit or miss. Considering the reputation, I expected better. Pricing is good though, and there are 2 for 1 deals out there- three of us dined for $30 and change.There was a good wait for a Sunday night at 5:30PM but the line went relatively quick.Was disappointed to see that the sushi selection was very small and consisted of cucumber and California rolls-- and when the meager amount was depleted, we were informed they were out for the day. At 6:15PM. Seriously?Didn't have as many options as RedRock, which others have compared this buffet to.The Chinese/stir fry options were good- HUGE shrimp, for one. Lots of Mexican options but they were rather poorly done. Carving station had roastbeef but it was tough and difficult to cut with the provided butter knife.Dessert options were very odd- froyo and gelato available and several fresh-looking cakes/pies, but the cookies were clearly store-bought and did not look appealing at all. Fresh-baked cookies are my kryptonite, and I was super bummed to see this. The majority of what I ate was peel and eat shrimp- it's at the Farmers Market salad bar area, FYI. Also, if you go to the tomato-mozzarella salad and just pick out all the mozzarella balls, there is a special place in hell reserved just for you. Don't do it!
3	Food here is ok not 4-5 star quality.
2	I expected more from one of the premium station casino locations.  Especially since they had a special Tuesday night $19.99 buffet instead of the usual $13.99.I did like the multiple chef stations which included the usual carving station, a noodle station, and a pasta station.  Also, the salad bar had quite a few items including baby corn so I was happy with my salad.On to the food.  Definitely disappointing.  The knishes were inedible, the potato pancakes nothing like a true latke and were severely undercooked. I hate the taste of raw potato.  The corned beef was actually pretty good although dried out a bit from the warming lamps.  The matzoh ball soup was dishwater with a grainy but fluffy matzoh ball.  The rest of the food was mediocre and even the fruit seemed a little less than fresh.  The selections are limited and some things seem out of place such as the sushi and shrimp being at the salad bar.For desert, the chef was helpful in cutting fresh pieces for customers and the few items sampled were good.  They don't have a large variety of ice cream flavors but the vanilla ice cream tasted good, similar to bryers.This place is not worth a return trip.
2	Went Sunday evening. This use to be good quality & small but with decent selections. Now Minimal selections & lower quality food. Red Rock puts this place to shame for selections!Try going to RedRock & you will see for yourself. Maybe ok at Green Valley on Friday Seafood night but still, minimal selections?Salad bar was sad. Service at pasta station poor. Had to find someone to wait on us.Other than BBQ Ribs, Chinese food was somewhat bland & generic. No selections to speak of at Mexican or Italian food stations.Cashier & Waiter service was good.
1	I had a rubber band in my baked potato yuk so disgusting. It was from either sombodies hair or who knows . Never going back
4	I've been going to this buffet for years and quite honestly I believe this buffet is better than most of the buffets on the strip and at a fraction of the price. Can beat a breakfast buffet price that is currently at $6.99 per person and actually taste really good? What's even better is that you can finish off your meal with not just ice cream like most buffet, but gelato and make is a shake. The only thing I really miss about this place was that years ago, they use to serve stir fried crab legs that is the absolute best crab legs I've ever had. Word of advice. If you are planning on getting here for breakfast or for lunch, get here early. Lunch technically starts at 11:30 but people are lining up since 9:30 and can take you more than an hour just waiting in line just to get in.Update: On Fridays, they do have seafood night where they will stir fry your crab legs with spicy sauces. Happiness returns!
4	Friday nights the Feast Buffet is the place to be. That's because it's seafood night - wait, I mean ALL YOU CARE TO EAT SEAFOOD. You can't go wrong with 11 plates of crab legs, 3 plates of shrimp, another plate of miscellaneous seafood, and a...wait for it...wait for it...diet coke. Well, if you did eat all of that you'll end up in the ER or praying to the porcelain gods all night in one fashion or another. I love their seafood offerings on Friday night and generally only go to this buffet then. The only problem is the line. If you're not there before 5:30pm be prepared to wait  a good hour.Outside one of the big two buffets (those being the M and Bacchanal for me) they have one of the best dessert options in the buffet world. You can get hand scooped ice cream and they're kind enough to make milkshakes or malts.A few buffet rules I'd like to point out: 1.) Don't eat in line, I promise, your food won't jump off the plate. 2.) It's not necessary to make that face when you don't like that specific offering, it's possible I do, or I did until I saw the way you reacted. 3.) THEY WON'T RUN OUT OF FOOD 4.) 60 minute time limit, tops.
1	It's usually and inexpensive place to take guest from out of town and family but the prices keep rising and the quality the same. Had family come in from Denmark and my wife just wanted to visit and not eat. Spoke with management and they did not give us an exception to their policy which cost me $11 for my wife to visit family or maybe I should think that it cost me $22 for lunch. I can see that they cannot monitor every who doesn't eat at a buffet and understand somewhat. But I didn't appreciate the way in which they handled the situation. I think the management needs some training in customer service rather than just restating their policy repeatedly. Not sure we will return any time soon even with a coupon. There are other places to enjoy.
3	The buffet is good when you have a local coupon for dinner, bogo! I had a free birthday coupon for a birthday offer for the month of May. Good for when no one know what they want, so everybody is happy with some kind of choice of food. They have pizza, mexican, chinese, american, and italian. Salad bar and a stir fry bar. Soups and desserts of many choices.
5	We were very pleased with the lunch buffet. Catherine was our server. She was always smiling, cleared our table in a timely fashion & provided us with everything we asked for. Their glasses & pitchers are made of plastic. They're a little cloudy as any plastic cup thats been used & washed many times, but that didn't affect the taste of our beverages or the quality of our experience any. $10 per person for the lunch buffet is a fantastic value. There was a good variety of different foods & desserts. All the food we ate was very good. We will definately come again. Thinking about trying the seafood buffet.
4	Good value, especially if you have the Player's Card. The selection is good - from Chinese stir fry to Roast Beef and Ham, to Mexican, to Italian and good ol' American classics. Whenever we need to satisfy a group with diverse tastes this buffet is a good go to option.
1	Mothers Day Brunch was an absolute disaster that can only be attributed to a totally unprepared management team at The Feast at Green Valley Ranch.After waiting 1.5 hours to be seated--which was somewhat expected as it was Mothers Day-- they placed us at a table in the corner near the clearing section. Relieved to be finally seated at ANY table we tried to navigate through the mindless buffet set up which didn't even add a carving station thus causing a further 10 minute wait for hot food. Similarly, they placed the breakfast food NEXT TO the carving station which caused another delay and bottleneck. I guess it was beyond their cognitive ability to imagine that you might need TWO carving stations on a day where you were serving 5x as many customers. Oh well...When I finally did make it back with my kids food, I noticed our table had a stench of garbage as they couldn't keep up with the flow of half-eaten plates, so much of this food ended up on the floor near the entrance to the busing station. Nice....At this point, our Mothers Day brunch was totally ruined so we spoke with the Waitress--who was actually doing a nice job-- who brought the GM (or Restaurant Manager over). He seemed completely disinterested in any of our feedback (didn't even apologize) so I escalated it to another Manager, who also saw no need to offer us a simple discount even comp one of our 5 meals out-- and only begrudgingly apologized. BOTTOM LINE: UNTIL GVR GETS SERIOUS ABOUT HIRING QUALIFIED F&B MANAGERS AVOID THIS PLACE!
1	Burned pancakes, burned hash browns, burned biscuits, scrambled eggs sitting in an inch of water.How the hell do you serve Crap like this?Placing tables on the carpet to tile threshold, just to place more tables. Who hired the Manager that made this decision. Probably related to the Executive Chef that is letting this type of food to be served!Frank and Lorenzo Ferttita are really putting their names on this?
4	One of the Best Buffets in Vegas and at a reasonable price. Both Breakfast and lunch were great!! For lunch there is an excellent salad bar and great choices of food from all over the world including a couple of grills. So whether it's the Freshly carved meats, Parmesan encrusted fish, Philly, Burger or Pizza there are tasty bites here for all! Worth the trip!!
1	The food is very inconsistent when it comes to quality. The  orange chicken, fried rice, and cheesecake was pretty good. The lemonade is super sugary, overall, everything ive eaten has resulted in a stomachache.  The service was great, very friendly,  but untill the quality is better I will not be coming back.
3	It's a decent buffet for a reasonable price. The food is ok and the service barely ok. They're understaffed and you need to have some patience, cause they are not in a hurry.
4	Last time I came here rated this place as a 3 star restaurant because the food prepared lacked taste but after coming back here, I noticed that variety of food options has greatly  been through a drastic makeover and now the food and desert is awesome.  On top of that the service they provide is top notch, Robin my server kept bringing in more refills on my rasberry tea.  She also had that friendly service and that killer smile that melted my heart only if I had enough funds I would have tip her big.  I am only going to rate it 4 out 5 stars because I still feel like there is room for improvement in this place.
4	We drive into Vegas from the CA side several times a year. We always make one of our stops Green Valley. I know that they are now part of the station casinos but this is one of our favorite ones. Very clean, nice decor, not smokey and they have my fave place in the food court, Coffee bean and tea leaf.I love going off strip for buffets because they all serve Pepsi where the strip is strictly coke products. Give them a try, you won't be disappointed.
1	Haven't been to the buffet in 4 years because it got so bad. Tried it today, and everything was awful, the dessert was the only thing tasty. Every station I went to had empty bowls, I asked if there was anymore fried chicken and was rudely told it wasn't ready yet. Will NEVER be back
1	There was a time when I'd proudly bring "out of towners", here anytime of the day or night and not fear crappy typical casino buffet. However, that's not the case anymore, this morning being proof positive of that. First, they're "giving away" a free buffet at breakfast or lunch to some locals with players cards.  We cruised in for breakfast about 9:30, not too busy and lots of staff on hand.  This food was so bad it exceeded the Fiesta buffet in low quality slop.  If you're going to give locals something to get them in to spend $,  it should be edible.  Scrambled eggs were soupy and by the time I got to them they were gone. I will post a pic I took after pointing out to one of the workers at the buffet that we were all waiting for her to finish her convo with another worker and get some freakin eggs.  There's no protein which isn't pork except teriyaki chicken (I'm dead serious)  so the mountain of bacon which they added to, even after it was toppling over and the grey sausage (browned would be good, right?) are all you get.  I don't eat pork so I was relegated to eating eggs & potatoes.  All forms of potatoes were so greasy it was disgusting and pancakes were burned and akin to a sports discus in texture & hardness. Took a pic of the uncooked corn beef hash which looked like dog food according to another guest who was waiting with me for scrambled eggs!  Where is the management and quality control here?  It was not worth eating for free and that's sad! Omelette's were offered but the other food was so disgusting that the line was 10 people long, I don't know, add another omelette person to the mix from the group which stands around socializing?
4	Have to say this is probably one of my favorite buffets in town. Definitely in my top 5! The food is always fresh and lots to choose from. Love the milkshakes and gyro station. One thing they could improve is the deserts.  Price is very reasonable at whatever time you go!Oh this buffet is at Green Valley Ranch
3	Very friendly staff, $7.99 breakfast, couple bucks more for "nicer Station" with fancy decor. Ordinary food, a couple exotics, omelette station.
4	For the amazing price and the variety of food its not that bad. Some taste authentic and others almost hit the spot. But overall very good and full tummy!!!
4	I went on Sunday around 4pm for dinner.  Salmon and sea bass were both really fresh, and Salmon is not too over-cooked or dry.  I got the buy one get one dinner coupon from myvegas, considering paid $14 for 2 dinner.  Have cocktail shrimp, some mixed olives.  The food is not bad for the price, and their sushi taste even better than Aria, or wicked spoon. They have the Mongolian stir fry dish, but I was too full to try any.  If you like crab, this is not the place for you, I didn't see any.   I don't like crab anyway, so I don't really care.
2	There was once a time when this buffet was probably in the top ten in all of  Las Vegas, it surely is in the lower rungs now. We remember when they has King Crab legs everyday, and not just on friday.Overall Good variety yes, but so many items that you should not even try to sample, tonight it is the purple cabbage, not over cooked; it was bordering on spoiled!The Chinese section was once a delight and truly a Chinese Dynasty Grill, now it's mostly a nasty grill. The items are surely carried over from lunch and most likely the lunch items were carried over from the previous night's dinner. It needs to be rotated out when it gets soggy and old, don't just cook more and pile it up on top.Tonight the prime rib is tender, but flavorless and the guy carving is burnt out at his work and not even friendly.Ahh, the fried shrimp....some overcooked and dark brown and some under cooked and soggy. Hey here they go again, a new batch is just dumped on top of the old batch.Service is good and fairly attentive, good refills and  a bit slow at clearing the used plates.If you eat here, be selective and choose the standard choices. Don't over do it and go for seconds, it probably won't be as good the second time around. Take my word for it this isn't a good buffet and as far as the Stations casino buffets go, the Red Rock is probably the best. I am sure they have about the  same supply of food items to choose from, but they do something better up on the other side of town. Too bad all the "Beast" buffets couldn't follow suit. C-
4	great breakfast buffet  for very low price
3	Been here many times as the price value quality is a solid three and half stars. Keep your expectations in check as this is not going to be a high end gourmet buffet and you will be happy.  The Friday night crab leg buffet is incredibly funny to watch gluttons of people pile on double fisted mountains of crab legs on plates of made to order sauteed crab legs in a delicious burnt garlic chili paste green onion mixture. It's truly funny to watch the spectacle of people fighting in line for crab legs, that unfortunately come short of quality in that the legs rarely get a clean break from the meat so it is extremely cumbersome to pick the meat out. I come here during breakfast or lunch simply because it is priced well for locals.
3	I had a MyVegas reward for 2 breakfast/lunch buffets so prior to departing for home stopped in for breakfast.  Our server immediately took our beverage order and I was was soon preparing my first plate which included fresh melon and strawberry yogurt.  I noticed in the Mexican section that there we fresh flour tortillas, refried beans and salsas so I inquired if hot rancheros sauce was available so I could make huevos rancheros, but was told no. I went to Plan B which were easy over eggs, bacon, hash browns and 3 cookies.  Overall, the food was pretty ordinary given the fancy surroundings.
1	Been here many times for a $15 buffet. UTS Always Been Just OK But My Kids Love A BUFFWT AND This One Is Just As Good As Any AND THE Price Isn't bad. Last night Friday we waited in line for an hour. When we buy the buffet it came out to $28 per person. And that was the child's price also. I asked why and they said it was Seafood night. Ok well we already stayed in line might as well just eat. As long as it's seafood night I'm sure they will have plenty of ... oh I don't know.... SEAFOOD???? SILLY ME FOR THINKING THAT. Once kids were settled I looked for my food. I asked where the grilled/poached/baked fish was... guess what? Nope... they didn't have any fish. Any type of food was deep fried something. You gotta be kidding me.... seafood buffet but no fish. The only reason why I think the call it seafood is because they have tiny cra b legs and shrimp.  Of course my kids were happy but my wife and I simply ate a salad and a piece of chicken. No Fish on seafood night... oh vay.... we went to movies afterwards and bought a hot dog there.
4	It was a long wait to get in but once in the server came over pretty quick to take our drink order and off we went to the line.  One thing I noticed that I liked right away was the fact that they now have antibacterial stations for your to clean your hands before moving on.  Unfortunately there are a LOT of people who wait in line outside to get in and touch everything there is to touch and then go straight for the plates without thinking about sterilizing their hands from everything they touched before they came in and then they touch all the tongs which sometimes that part of the handle touches the food and oh well.It comes with the risk of coming to a buffet.  This buffet was ok, being Veterans day, we only had to pay $10.80 so it was worth the price of admission.  This does not seem to be an overly priced buffet and the selection is good.  We saw some items like baked chicken as well as fried, so you did have a choice between bad and really bad.  Why bad, because I am sure that nothing there was organic, so you were taking another risk once you get past the germs people put on the serving spoons because not everyone thinks to disinfect their hands from everything they touched while waiting in line.Overall it was good and worth the price.
4	Out of all the buffets I have been to since moving to Las Vegas over 2 years ago, so far this one is the best. The line is usually long to get in if you come during dinner time. But it was worth the wait. Now we know to come during an off hour. The selection was huge and all the food looked fresh and tasted great. Service was okay. Took a while to get our drinks refilled. But we will be back because of the big selection and the quality of the food.
2	Wow, what happened to this place. Last time we were here 6 yrs. ago, this was a solid buffet. How times have changed.  Food deserves 1 star, only gave it 2 because our server was good. Food dried, no varity, empty pans, and even signage was still up from breakfast. Not that they are reading this, but GVR F&B! It's the little things that can make a difference.  Chef John Bray! Where are you?!
1	Food is not replenished if they run out off no additions addedThey throw away at closing all non touched food ... Why not to cover with clear plastic wrap and hand it to less fortunately people ?In this economy and eve of thanksgiving holiday I challenge the station casinos hotels management  to change their policy and save not touched off their display stations food trays and donate. It will cost same but give you guys tax credit.
4	We were staying at the casino hotel on Sunday night and decided to give the very reasonably priced buffet a try. It was $14.99 with the players club card or $19.99 without. We arrived right as they were starting dinner service and there was no line but within minutes after we were seated a large line had formed. There were many things to choose from including Chinese, Mexican, Prime Rib and Fish. There were also several salads and even sushi. The dessert area was full of delicious offerings and also included ice cream and shakes made to order. The service was fantastic and the food was really good. We would definitely return.
4	Was in the neighborhood, figured GVR's buffet as an easy option.  It's a good buffet at a bargain price.  I would put Sunset above it, but people probably like this one better (and inexplicably, Red Rock even more).  It's an attractive space and layout.  I find the options somewhat limited, but the food quality good (given the price).  My favorite secret: you can get milk shakes, including malts, made.  Only buffet I know that does that.
3	It's a big buffet with lots of choices but the food is okay. I guess most buffets don't pay attention to the details but they should. For the price tag you would hope it would have more options.The good is that it's clean and well organized. It's also not too busy which is a big plus because most buffets are always crowded. The salad bar is my favorite because it has a lot of toppings to choose from.
2	Not bad, if you like low quality, pre-prepared school cafeteria lunch food. Make sure you ask which dish has the surprise plastic wrap hidden in it. If you find it, you're the night's winner! And the plastic is your prize!
1	If I could give a 0.. I would.My husband our 11 year old daughter her friend and myself went to the buffet I believe the Mondsy before Thanksgiving. We arrived at 5pm.The wait was not THAT long and our server was prompt and it went down hill from there.90 % of the  tags THAT said what food was WHERE  missing and the other 10% were  breakfast.now BE ING A VEgatarian. That is very bad news for me.I spoke to a manager who didn't seem to care and then as I was taking photos of the breakfast signs she came up and asked what I was doing so I explained. Feeling frustrated at her poor excuse of why the signs were missing.  The chef had an emergency and had to leave, I called the Food and beverage director. No response for a week so I called back.He seemed to care and asked if he could buy our next meal so I said sure. And gave him my address and repeated it.Well a month later no free food passes. ... like promised.And I WILL NOT EVER GO BACK. NOT ONLY because I exspected more from.a higher end Station casino but I was lied to  by the main chef.. SMH
4	I am a fan -- because I've been to this buffet multiple times and it is always good. I was here for the $20 Thanksgiving buffet - all you can eat turkey, ham, roast beef - you name it, they had it. On Turkey Day the line was very, very long - and there was a drunk lady in front of us that kept sloshing around and bumping into us and others but other than that the wait wasn't too bad at about 45 minutes. This place is so far from the strip I would hope to be mingling with locals only, I don't know why but to have a drunken tourist was odd, but it was. I'll be back to eat at this buffet again.
2	The food was mediocre at best. It's crowded and not worth the wait. The only reason it's probably as busy as it is is because the other places to eat in the casino aren't that good and are very expensive. I would not recommend this Buffett. The only thing that tasted decent was the salad and few items at the Italian station. Our party of six ate from all the different stations and only the person who ate the Italian was happy.
3	Great food and atmosphere. I am always satisfied after every visit. I love coming here when company's in town.
