5	I do love Sephora stores- especially because I get perks for being a Beauty Insider member (my birthday gift, points to get a free item, based on my purchases) . I think that many women who wear makeup really like this chain of stores, in general. Besides carrying Philosophy (Amazing Grace), Pacifica (an organic brand), Bare Escentuals (all mineral makeup), and Bliss, this store has Sephora box sets (my favorite is the designer perfume sampler for $50, and then you choose your favorite full size perfume; there is a set for the ladies as well as the men, too) for lips, eyes, etc.- there are so many to choose from! I got the notification about this store opening via email (beauty insider club) last month- of course, there was a promotion (sorry I missed out, but I was working). Last night, we were checking out a couple casinos for Christmas purposes, so this shopping center (the Forum Shops) was on our roster. We don't usually go out too much during the week, but it's the holidays. Plus we got a walking workout out of it. Anyway, this store is huge, pretty deep (rectangle-shaped). Everything is laid out (not hard to find) and there is enough space for everything (as compared to the smaller stores in JCP). I don't think if it was crowded, you'd be bumping into people (say, if the aisles were narrow). The section for trial sizes (near the cashier counter- to the back right of the store) is extensive, and having gone to two Sephora stores, this week, noticed that there were different items here (yay!). All the employees wear black lab coats. Everyone is very nice and eager to help you, should you need any assistance (if you can't find something on the floor). These employees also do makeup demos for your particular skin tone. There are also some tissues and makeup remover throughout the store, should you sample any of the testers. And there are fragrance swatches (you spray the tester on the swatch) in the fragrance section.
5	I think this is the new Sephora that opened up in Caesar's Palace!  If not someone should figure out how to move this review over there :)This place was AWESOME!  I never thought I would say that about a make up store, but it was.And the reason was... the eyelash bar!  They have a giant stand with tons of different fake eyelashes. These are not the plain black ones!  They are crazy and totally fun.  I got lime green ones with white features at the ends.  Everyone in my bachelorette group got some and we wore them out that night.  $15 each AND they applied them for us!Honestly most fun I've ever had at a make up store, I'll definitely be back next time I'm in VEGAS!
5	Nice and clean store with very friendly staff who are willing to help you and even if your a guy shopping for your significant other, they won't make you feel embarrassed. I made a few stops here because my sister was looking for some eyeshadow and lipstick. She really loves Sephora but I hate waiting outside for almost an hour! But the Festival of the Gods fountain show makes up for it.
4	I love this location! The staff is so helpful and it has everything you could ever need to get ready for a night out in Vegas. It's definitely a saver!
3	Obviously it's Sephora so you can find everything you need to make you look, feel and smell beautiful, but this store seriously needs a lesson in customer service. Salespeople hide, they sneer and generally look miserable and standoffish. C'mon, you work in heaven, smile about it.Also, they discontinue items, but leave the samples still in place so you completely waste your time looking for the actual product that has been, yes, discontinued. It's so annoying.Other than that, I love this whole store and am addicted to it. I spend way too much when I go in here. Thank goodness it's inside the 7th Circle of Hell (the strip) which ensures I don't go in nearly as often as I would were it more convenient. I save SO much, so thanks for that as well, Sephora.Now, if everyone would smile it would make this a much more pleasant experience. Please.
4	I absolutely loved this store! I stopped by here while visiting Vegas and if only the Sephora stores in Southern Cali were as nice as this one!I am absolutely floored by the Customer Service! MUAs here are so nice! The girl that helped me at the checkout (I didn't know her name, sorry! I believe she was a brunette/ redhead girl with glasses who rung me up through a cellphone type of machine?) was so friendly and went out of her way to get me free samples. She made my checkout experience so great.And they have a VIB roulette!! They don't have that in the Sephoras in my area. If you're a makeup junkie, stop by this Sephora at the Forum Shops. It's worth it!!
5	This Sephora Store is amazing! The staff is very friendly and go above and beyond to help you find what you are looking for. Better than any store in Los Angeles.
4	my girlfriend spends way too much money here. probably because the service is good with mostly knowledgeable staff and they reel her in with the beauty insider points. imagine how much she has to spend for me to know what those are. i spend many hours sitting in the makeup chair waiting for her to finish looking around. so i guess im a regular too.
5	So here I was in Vegas and I forgot to bring my Philosophy Microdelivery Wash.  I had injured myself the week before doing something I shouldn't have been doing and was using a mobility scooter.  I seemes like a hassle but I went there worried that the scooter would have problems getting around the store.First of all, let me tell you that the Forum Shops is HUGE.  I had no idea where I was going so I enterd through the front entrance of Ceasar's.  Everyone was courteous and helpful pointing me in the right direction but as I was rolling along on the scooter I was thinking how long a trek this would have been on foot.  Maybe a mile and a half total and then you'll have to walk up a winding incline.  They really want to entice you to gamble along the way but I just wanted to get in, get out.  I finally found the place and naturally it looks like just about every other Sephora you would go to.  With fear and trembling I rolled in and found I could maneuver around pretty well with the scooter.  Anyplace I couldn't go there was a nice sales person there to help me.  I got only samples of the Microdelivery wash but browsed around and bought some other stuff too.  I would definitley go again but I will have to research another entrance or rent another scooter.
4	This has got to be one of my favorite Sephoras because it's HUGE. There's lots of space to look around products, and there's more selection, I think, of everything. And if you love Make Up Forever, you'll love this location since there was a huge area just dedicated to their products. There's also lots of staff to help you find whatever you need.
3	I was not super impressed with this Sephora. The staff was not helpful. I have to return a 40.00 powder because I attempted to match it myself and of course it is the wrong color. The check out girl was also rude. I had 500 points and wanted help picking my freebie. She rushed me along and actually suggested I get a mascara. I have eye lash extensions which are pretty obvious. Anyways I prefer the Fashion Show Sephora.
4	Absolutely loved this sephora store, I obviously love all the product there but the staff was also extremely helpful and polite..awesome customer service and beautiful makeup!!
1	Just had my makeup done.... I hate it. The manager saw me getting upset as I was trying to hit my $50 for getting my makeup done. Before the "artist" started I told her I wanted something new for my every day makeup and that i liked a few certain brands. She went with a brand I have never heard of. Half way through I noticed she was using purple. I then told her I don't wear purple nor do I like the color. She said that its good with my green eyes. I look like a cheap prostitute. I ran home to wipe all this crap off. Needless to say I will be going back to MAC and never coming back to sephora.
3	Point blank this Sephora is HUGE!But it should be right? Since it's location is on the strip and everyday a bunch of tourists visit it, I hate hate hate crammed up makeup stores.Luckily here there is room to move and breath happily.They have every selection possible. That's what I love mostly about this store. I literally had be in that sucker for about half an hour even though I'am an Urban Decay and Stila junkie.It is however, impossible to get "Great Customer Service" since like I said it's located is on the strip and more then likely females are destined to stop by here. But if your lucky to speak to a Sales Associate then you can clearly get great customer service.I noticed they don't sanitize hourly which they should. I mean how many customers touch these makeup products or forget to use makeup disposables offered? So if your making a trip here for that nightclub or vacation makeup you should totally stop by here.Did I mention you can bring in your alochol in? Oh Vegas. What's cooler then drinking a brooskie and shopping for makeup? ....I did give three stars here due to the fact that a girl barfed all over the floor inside the store and no immediate action was taken by any Sales Associates. GROSS!!!
5	WOW !!!  This is like makeup heaven. They have (probably literally too) tons of everything. They have a bunch of MUFE pro stuff normal Sephora's don't carry
3	Even though the line was extremely long here the cashiers worked quickly and our group of ladies were out of there in no time.
3	Went here with my girlfriend, store is clean, staff friendly and very helpful. They make recommendations based on your needs. BUT (this is a big but), you can find the same items for almost half off on Amazon!!
5	I love Sephora and this one is on steroids. Holy kittens an acre of make up are you kidding me?  I didn't need to see the strip, I had seen all I needed to here and it was close to the Palazzo where we were staying. Bonus. Triple cherry pull. I went in on the last day of the trip and bought some makeup I had not seen locally.. The selection was great. Customer service was good. My husband had been looking for a good after shave and moisturizer. I asked the girl if they had samples and she told us to go wait by the men's section. As it turned out, they may have lost stars by just telling us to go stand somewhere with no intent of helping us but I saw a guy working there and he came to help right away. I was glad a guy was helping my husband and I didn't know if they don't have samples, they will make you samples. My husband walked out  with 6 small plastic containers of samples. The guy knew his product and it helped make a purchasing choice after we got home and saw how the stuff really worked. If you love sephora, then you have to see this one!
4	Great location on the Vegas Strip.A typical Sephora branch.Staffs are very friendly and helpful.Very organized and clean.The branch is definitely get its crowd. There are so many people regardless of time.It opens till very very late!
4	Great gifts comes in small packages. Got what I wanted.. in and out. This location has the color match machine and suggests the foundation and/or compact to match your skin.  Service was great.
5	I've been to a number of Sephoras over the year, but this is the first one I've felt compelled to review.  This is a mega-Sephora, the size of a Costco with the staff to match.  The interior looks like your standard Sephora - clean, lots of black and white, wall to wall cosmetics - but its sheer magnitude makes it worth a visit, especially if you have any make-up needs.I came with Celina C. to get fake eyelashes to wear out for my bachelorette party.  Two of our friends had already gotten some attached, and they looked so good we decided to make the short trip.  We were helped by a couple of nice ladies in the Make Up Forever section of the store.  Attachment came free with purchase, and I left with huge false eyelashes and no make-up on my face, a good look for sure.It's worth noting that if you want your make-up done in store, you have to make an appointment.  We tried to walk in, and all the make-up artists were booked well in advance.  I guess lots of ladies like to get their make-up done professionally before going out in Vegas.  Who knew?In our ten minute stay at Sephora, we ran into a high school friend from L.A. who was also in Vegas that weekend.  She was in to get her make-up done (because she planned ahead).  Vegas is, in many ways, an extension of L.A., but like everything else in Sin City, this Sephora is bigger and shinier than its equivalents back home.
5	We came here just as the Forum Shops were opening. We had some time to kill, so we took a peek in Sephora (which ended up in a lot of monetary damage, but it's ok... I plan to make it up in the casino). We not only got to buy some of the new Marc Jacobs line, but had the pleasure of working with and asking questions of Gina. First of all, every one here is super friendly. If they don't know an answer, they will make sure that they find it out for you and get extra opinions. They will grab products and bring it to you instead of leading you around the maze of the store. Anyway, Gina was amazing. Not only did she know exactly what she was talking about, but she did it with enthusiasm and willingness to help. I never got the kind of snooty attitude that some Sephora employees give sometimes, but Gina took the time to help us find exactly what we needed, even though she had a lot of things to do on at her station. My friend who is not really into makeup, not only got assistance in applying her makeup, but got some tips on application as well. Overall, the staff here is great; it's also a pretty big store, so you will likely find what you are looking for!
4	They are the best!!! Master of Art. Las Vegas trumps all other cities
5	I was at the Sephora Store on Sunday evening and a staff member by the name of Silver helped me. He saw me checking out a new product, I think it was called Glam show, and he offered to make me some samples of it. I was surprised to still receive such good service after sharing that I was visiting from LA. He was very friendly, non pushy, and knowledgeable. His make up was pretty flawless too! Great walking advertisement for the store! Will definitely shop there on my next visit to vegas!
5	My friend and I had the best Sephora experience here! Decided that Jackie was so nice that she deserved a great review! She was so patient and thoughtful toward both of us even though we had question after question for moisturizers and eye creams. Plus, she didn't get annoyed when we asked for samples as other associates have done before :)
5	This is a great location, as good or better though not quite as big as the one at Venetian. What sets this one apart is the amazing staff. They were knowledgable and super friendly but not pushy at all.  My girlfriend and I arrived with makeup appointments that somehow didn't get on the books. I can't hold it against them because they were so nice about it and called in people who were on break to make sure our appointments were honored. I was so impressed with the CM who took it upon herself to make sure we didn't walk away disappointed. I wish I remembered her name. I ended up having my makeup done by Mandy, who actually works for Too Faced, not Sephora, and it was the BEST makeover I've ever had. I wanted to put her in my suitcase and bring her home to my local Sephora.
4	I had a wonderful experience here. The makeup artist was very nice and helpful. She taught us how to use glitter and glue as well as creating a holiday smokey eye with color! I loved the exfoliating brush demo and my face felt so clean and smooth. I spent $20 on a smudge brush and hope it's worth it! The staff were fun and friendly. Great experience!!
5	Love this store. Everyone that works there is So helpful. Love how u can get sample products to take home before buying so u can see if u like it or not.
4	Sephora came through in the clutch. I spent a good amount of time perusing Miracle Mile Shops for a last minute Christmas gift for my younger sister. I really had no idea what to get her...I'm a bad brother. I can't keep up with these things!After burning through an exorbitant amount of scent strips, I thought Ralph Eau de Toilette was a good choice. I know my sister appreciates a good perfume. Shouldn't we all?She loved it, and I'm still brother #1.
5	I went into this store in the forum shops close to midnight on a Saturday. I was looking for a perfume, I have a hard time trying to find one I like. A man named Dennis helped me by asking which ones I have liked in the past. He took me to a computer and put them in and found out which underlying notes I am liking. We found that I like vanilla, and he was so generous to give me five different samples to take home and figure out which one I like before purchasing. I did not expect such great service at midnight when people are trying to get home from work. Great customer service.
4	Aaaah, Sephora, the place that was designed to take my money! This is one of the best beauty shops in the world but the brands that are carried are top of the line -- and they come with top of the line prices! I don't often buy $35 lip gloss but when I do, I head here to get it. Don't be intimidated by the glam atmosphere and beautiful employees, just stroll on in with your fanny pack and Hangover t-shirt and have at it. Everybody loves this place, even my Vegan sister in law likes to shop here to get her cruelty-free cosmetics.Sephora is one of my favorite "freebie" things to do in Las Vegas because you can go in and try out all the products and samples for free. I can spend the entire afternoon in here painting my nails, trying out lipstick, perfume and more. I come out glistening and greased up from all the $80 hand lotion and smelling like a rich lady with my $300 perfume on. Live like the rich and famous, baby, even if you ARE only faking it!
4	This was a nice and pleasant Sephora shopping experience. This location in the Miracle Mile shops at Planet Hollywood is nice and spread out. No cramped shopping here. And it was practically empty on a weekend afternoon. No long lines and no excessive waiting. It's got everything you'll find at any other Sephora. Except for the crampedness and long lines. So yep, I'm a fan.
3	Nothing too special or crazy about this sephora. They have everything you may need and has a good selection. You probably wont get much assistance or help from the staff cuz they are too busy. Overall, good experience.
5	I was here for a face mask and the lady working was super nice and helpful. She recommended me another product besides the one I was eyeing and I fell in love! I've never tried dr perricone before but I'm excited to try this mask. The lady was super genuine and I felt like I can rely on her to give me the honest opinions. I ended up buying the product she recommended. She even tried it on me and waiting till I saw the results before I left. Not sure how the other sephoras are but this one is in my hotel so why not. Plus they open late and that's a plus!
4	I'm not a big makeup junkie but I appreciate Sephora for what it is. It has something for everyone.I'm a member of their club or whatever it's called so I had a birthday freebie to redeem and I also wanted to get myself a new creme to powder eyeshadow. This location is huge and it was a great way to burn off a big lunch we had just had.All of the sales staff that wanders around are super helpful. I wanted a new purple eyeshadow and she ran around finding every single one, doing a test on me, and when I picked the one I wanted, she ran and grabbed it for me - all while I'm standing in one spot and not wandering around all over. The one she picked was perfect aside from the one I was originally going with. She matched it to my complexion and gave me some great tips to get the most out of the bold bright color. win/win. I love it and think it's a great value for $20. After I had the perfect shade of eyeshadow, we wandered around a bit to see if there was anything else we wanted and then left happy with our purchases.
5	Came here to redeem my birthday gift, and got treated to some items by Benefit (much thanks to my boyfriend!). Overall experience was awesome! We were greeted by an employee on our way in, browsed a few shelves and I eventually chose the Instant Brow pencil in medium and the They're Real! mascara both by Benefit. The employee that rung us up was very nice, and the employee stationed at the entrance bid us good-bye as we left, so I have no complaints about this place. Great service!
5	I go to a lot of sephora locations and I absolutely appreciate the customer service I receive at the Ceasars forum location.  Extremely helpful and really listen to what your needs are and offer multiple suggestions.  If you would like to receive RED CARPET service, hit up KATELYN & TRAVIS !!! these two are assets to the Sephora family :)))
5	Got my make up done here by Anthony and let me tell u he is a GOD WHEN IT COMES TO EYEBROWS . He is very fun and professional and very good at what he does. He left me looking like a doll. Will always come back to him . Love the forum shops also lol and this sephora
4	I LOVE that they have so much to pick from but dealt with one rude person so instead of the 4 stars I was going to give 3... BUT I've dealt with so many nice patient people that I could not take a star away over one bad experience.
3	Being in the Forum Shops, this one's going to be a beauty.  Brighter than other stores, with nice hanging lights.Men's fragrances located on the left halfway through, good service.You know Tom Ford's pretty special when they have their very own stand in the middle.Pretty spacious.
5	I am Vegas local and this is my favorite sephora location! I tend to go here with my boyfriend and spend hours at a time just in this store. While I check out all the make up and nail polishes, he checks out the colognes and other men products they offer. The staff is usually pretty helpful and the more you explore the store, the more you get approached by different employees to assist you with any questions on products. I tend to brush a lot of them off as I am more of a loner and like to browse on my own whatever is new from my favorite brands.. My boyfriend is more of a talker and a specific employee by the name of Dennis always assists him and seems to be super informed of all the different ingredients involved in any of the new colognes out. He's beyond helpful and even had a great spirit about him that ends up having my boyfriend walk out with 3 or more colognes at a time! Overall I can't think of a brand they don't carry that isn't essential to any girls life! They also have a beauty insider card you can sign up for and eventually can accumulate points and get pretty neat freebies! This last time for my bday they gave me a mini lipstick and mini mascara from make up forever brand- pretty rad overall! Not cheap and extremely decent for a free gift! I will definitely keep coming to this location again and again!
5	This place rocks! It's the Whole Foods of cosmetics. The staff is very helpful and the selections are extensive to say the least. They have a Makeup Forever store inside. I love Sephora's brand of nail polish; the colors are natural and last on the fingernails without disintegrating. They have products from big and small names alike. One does not need to feel obligated to buy the usual suspects if one is bored. For example, the Obsessive Compulsive vegan and cruelty free lip tar's come in very vibrant and luscious colors that actually work in everyday makeup wear despite their Halloweenish appearance. Don't be afraid. I also never thought that I would see a cocoa powder based compact from Too Faced or any other brand for that matter.Their birthday presents were of very good quality and not measly trinkets. For the health conscious, one can read the ingredients in the cosmetics before purchase. Their return policy is straightforward and is clearly printed on the back of the receipt.
5	This was my third visit to a Sephora store, but my first one to this location. My daughter and I had appointments for the custom makeover and all I can say is FABULOUS. We were greeted when we came into the store and I was taken to the back of the store for the beginning of my makeover. Cinthia was my skin care consultant and after a few questions about what I use now and how my skin feels she immediately pulled some product and began showing me the best products for my skin type and applying them. She started with a wonderful cucumber mask from Peter Thomas Roth that felt amazing. It cools, cleans and reduces puffiness. I am in love with this product. She then used a great cleanser, toner and moisturizer also from Peter Roth. With a beautiful clean fresh face I was taken up to the makeover area and introduced to Rene G. My personal beauty consultant. Rene also asked me about products I currently use and then used the color finder on me that matches the perfect foundation to your skin color, Rene also pulled various products and then showed me how to apply them correctly to give you a flawless face. She even showed me tips and tricks to perfect my look. In the three days since my appointment, everyone has commented on how amazing I look and that it doesn't even look like I am wearing foundation. One woman even asked if I had my makeup done professionally. I cannot say enough about how much I love this store and the help that I got from Cinthia and Rene. Thanks so much ladies for making me look even more fabulous. I will never buy makeup anywhere else.
2	I visited this location within the Forum Shops yesterday evening. I had been shopping online earlier in the day, but when my fiance suggested we go down to the Strip I thought I would save myself the shipping time and just pick up the things I wanted to buy at this location. Mistake. While the sales staff was helpful, it didn't make any difference, because two of the items that I had really wanted to purchase were not in stock. When I did find the third item I was looking for and purchased it, after I checked out I realized that they didn't include any free samples in the bag after purchase! While I realize this is a little strange to complain about, that is one of the reasons that I shop at sephora, and have never had another location not include even a tiny free sample of something new to try. As a Vegas local, I would recommend the Sephora in the Miracle Mile Shops just across the street. I've never had issues with that location not being able to keep items in stock. Or you can always purchase online, as I had to do this morning instead.
5	Absolutely 5 stars!! The staff were so friendly and attentive with me and my girls! We all ended up purchasing product and doing the color iq promotion because we felt so welcomed! Rene & Alysia especially helped us out and we couldn't thank them enough! Beyond great customer service, the place was big and well-stocked! Found everything we wanted :)
5	This Sephora is awesome!! I had a great experience there and the staff is so nice and helpful! Rene is the best and helped me find the perfect perfume for me and Alysia helped find me a great foundation. I happened to stroll in just to look around, but they had an amazing deal for a free foundation with the purchase of $25. What a deal!! This Sephora knows how it's done! Great staff, great customer service, great products, and great deals! Well done!
5	I stopped in last week to get some Tokyo Milk Dark perfume and had a couple of questions about foundation. I was passed off to a really rad associate named Kendra! she was so incredibly helpful and did everything she could to help me find the best options, I got samples of each foundation, which was my intention. And she knew I wasn't looking to purchase either, but she treated me like I was a top purchasing customer. I was beyond stoked to go home and try them and will be back to purchase the Laura Mercier foundation at this location! Thank you so muchhhh
2	I loved this Sephora's size and selection, but unfortunately do not feel comfortable returning. I went today and was chatted up by who I thought was a genial older Asian woman...then she asked me if I needed help. I told her no I was just browsing. Moved on to the nail polish center, checking out more of the unusual colors, taking a photo for my friend who is a nail polish enthusiast. Surprisingly the same lady was right behind me asking if I needed help with nail polish. Again politely declined paying attention to taking the pics and texting. It took me a while to realize she was staring me down. She was so on top of me that when my friend called me and I said, "Hello", she responded. Clearly she was watching me carefully. I don't like being made to feel like I'm a criminal while browsing at a retail establishment so it's a pass for me.
5	Tiffany was amazing made me look like a doll ! Great service ! Totally love it !!!  I would love for her to do my makeup again !
1	RUDe!!!!!
3	The biggest Sephora I've been to. They have a lot of variety. However, there was no one on the floor to help and answer questions. There was also only one cashier and about a dozen people in line. After waiting 10 minutes, one of the cosmetic specialist asked if we were paying by card and took us to her counter. We paid through an app.
