4	The mild chicken tika masala was pretty good but not excellent, its sauce more buttery and less creamy and tomatoey than I'd prefer.  Portions are plentiful.  You'll have leftovers.
4	This small, dark restaurant is in the Ahwatukee area, in a shopping center with a Trader Joe's, Safeway, and other stores.  It is in the corner, on the same side of the shopping center as the Trader Joe's.We go here periodically because they have decent food, and I like the staff - very friendly.  It's nice to get some saag paneer (great texture, fluffy & creamy - try it) for take-out.  They use canola oil, which saddens me, as I like ghee (I like my saturated fats & olive oil more than certain vegetable oils).  You can get decently spicy food here (that's "extremely HOT" to some of you) or skip the heat entirely.  They use good spices and make good sauces.  They don't make the most awesome Indian food I have ever had, but it is good, hearty, and comforting.It's a good place for children, if there is something on the menu yours like (and who doesn't like ras malai or rice pudding?).  It can be good for groups, but I would call ahead or make reservations (not sure if they take them).I appreciate how they gave me decaf tea & warm water (not just "no ice" water, but room temperature water) when I asked.Recommended: any of their tandoori dishes; a vegetable curry that may not be on the menu but comes as a side in one of the special dinners; saag paneer; mango lassi; their relishes.  I'm good with anything on the menu.  Try the lunch buffet.
5	I'm not an Indian food connoisseur. I'd only eaten it once before, I can't even remember what I had and it was purchased from a little hole-in-the-wall in NYC. Lately, for some reason, I've been wanting to try more. I took some friends and family to Star of India on a Saturday night. The place is dark and the smell is strong. It wasn't very crowded, but we showed up a little late. The food was delicious and most of the portions were huge. We had an assortment of veggie and meat dishes. The rice was particularly good. Service was awesome - our waiter (who I think may have been an owner or manager) was very attentive and brought us extra rice and dessert on the house. It's a little more expensive than my regular restaurants, but I'm definitely going back!
4	Good joint. Brought my friend who have not had good Indian food there. He was willing to try again and i took him there. Guess what - He liked it. Whatever he ordered looked like baby's poop - slimy and greenish, but it tasted really good. My own chicken was quite tasty as well. Everyone gets complimentary bread and some chicken (?!?). Buffet WAS unimpressive. However, all in all this is a real nice place for some tasty food."I like"Eugene
4	So I just got back from taking a solo trip over to Star of India.I was craving some comfort food, something simple, but yummy, something that would cheer me up on a cloudy day. Something that would make me feel less loser-ish because my lunch buddy had taken the day off and I had to eat solo....cha-ching... Star of India fit perfectly! I chose to do the buffet because it had everything that I liked. I don't claim to be an expert of Indian cuisine, but I love the sauces and gravies and the rich flavors that are used. The naan was HOT and fluffy and I scooped up everything with it!Like I said, this place is nothing fancy, but it was clean and my waitress was friendly. Plus, it made me feel a little less loser-ish.
4	After going back a few times, I can say I love the chicken dishes but have always found the lamb to be fatty and tough. That and service varies... one waitress was pretty rude, wouldn't answer our questions and even asked "are you sure you want to order that?" Um... yes? Maybe? I don't know? Do I?!?!?!?
3	It's been almost two years since I last visited Star of India, and my absence is due to other reasons and not bec. of the food.  Some good eats I've tried here are the chicken tikka masala, basmati rice, and chicken naan, the latter of which was overflowing with chunks of tender, marinated chicken.  Add a side salad and you've a delicious meal.
3	Went here for the lunch buffet, which was about $12 a person.  The papadum were nice and light. The pakora were cold and soggy. Of the two chicken dishes in the buffet, I tried the chicken tikka masala which was ok. Instead of having the chicken Korma, I had the vegetable korma which was tasty. My favorite of the vegetable dishes was the chickpea dishes which had a bit of spice to it but was not overwhelming or overly spicy - I would have liked to try a spicy dish. I was disappointed in the sag paneer - usually one of my favorites but hadn't tasted one like this - not sure why I didn't like it as much as  I usually do. It tasted like spinach and a little mint of something like that but couldn't figure out the rest of it.  The other vegetable dish was ok.A couple of minutes after we sat down freshly cooked Tandori chicken and Nan were brought to the table. Both were tasty. I tried both of the desserts - the galub (i can't remember how to spell the rest of it) and the rice dessert - both were very sweet and tasty. One of us had the mango lassi which was sweet and good.  Overall the buffet was ok - don't know how long the food was sitting out so I can't comment on that.I think I would come back for dinner to order from the menu instead of having the buffet again.  I gave three stars more because in comparison to other Chandler restaurants its a bit better than what I've been having here lately - as far as compared to other Indian restaurants I've been to out of state - this was a little disappointing. I'll try something from the menu sometime to see how it compares to the buffet.
3	I've lived here for three years and this was my first visit to Star of India. Not sure what took so long, other than I had no idea it was here ... buried in the back corner of the strip mall in Ahwatukee that houses the Trader Joe's I frequent. (That's where I procure my cornbread and my tea tree lavender liquid dish soap, among other staples.)Anyhow, I give Star of India 3.5 stars. The food was great and the digs were what you might expect them to be for an Indian restaurant buried in the back corner of a strip mall in Ahwatukee: simple but clean. We didn't come here looking for a scene, we came in search of fine ethnic eats, so the modest decorum was cool by us. And the eats were indeed fine and ethnic.The staff was friendly. I do have some advice for our server, however: you have a nice smile and were seemingly helpful in making suggestions from the menu, but try being a little more reassuring once I settle on something. I have enough uncertainty in my life. Example:Server: "How spicy do you like your food, on a scale of one to ten?"Me: (thinking, 'Gee, this is nice. I'm used to the one-to-five scale offered me by most Thai restaurants. There must be a favorable exchange rate right now, what with the economy and all.') "I like my food mild to medium, so let's say five."Server: "Are you sure?"Me: "Ummm ... I think so. Is that considered mild to medium?"Server: "Is this your first time eating here?"Me: "Yes."Server: "You may want to go easy, then."Me: "So ... three?"Server: "Really?"Me: (thinking, 'Don't do this to me. I have enough uncertainty in my life') "I don't know. Again, it's my first time eating here, so I don't have a barometer by which to measure your one to ten scale. What do you suggest?"Server: "Five should be good for you."Me: (perplexed) "That's what I was originally thinking."Server: "Do four then."Me: (again thinking, 'Don't do this to me. I have enough uncertainty in my life') "Let's go with that."Server: "Positive?"Me: (really unsure now) "YES!"The Aloo Parantha was great to start with. It's like naan, only whole wheat and stuffed with potatoes and green peas. Tasty. My Chicken Tikka Masala was very good, although I will do five next time. Alexis S. had Vegetable Korma and they were very accommodating so as to prepare it without nuts. (Something she has grown increasingly intolerant to, especially recently. Sigh. Lucky me.) I snuck a taste when she bent down to pick up her napkin. It was excellent. The Korma, I mean.Uncertainty in my life aside, one thing I'm fairly certainly certain of is that I'm pretty sure we'll be going back to Star of India. I must try the korma next time. And yes, I'm sure! (I think.)
3	If Star of India (SoI) is named after the historic ship that set sail from Great Britain to India then it is best to declare at the beginning that there is nothing worth remembering about this place and there is little that keeps you afloat in the morass of ordinary fare. Like many other Indian restaurants in the valley, the smell of Indian cooking hangs in the air and permeates every piece of furnishing. The place does not disappoint when it comes to service, it is warm, quick and attentive. The complimentary papadums (Indian flatbread) with homemade chutneys (condiments) is usually the high point of a meal at SoI. Experiences with the order could be as follows: Gobi Parantha (Indian bread stuffed with cauliflower)- The real thing is meant to be fluffy and served with butter but the SoI parantha resembles a topping-less thin crust pizza. Lamb korma- The gravy is thick, nutty with a lot of authentic flavours but the meat tastes pre-cooked. Chicken biriyani- it is difficult to describe the God-food that is biryani but SoI manages to serve a new variation which is nothing more than chicken pieces thrown into a mishmash of rice and vegetables. Disheartenment with the over-priced, sub-standard food could lead to a decision of not ordering dessert. Finally, as observed in other reviews and the menu, if you visit this place then stick with the tandoori stuff and Chef's specialities. However in that case the excitement of an extensive menu will be lost.
4	Not by any means an Indian food expert, nor have I been to more than 3 Indian places.  I was craving some Naan (that awesome flatbread) and talked to my good friend (who's Sikh) and he recommended this place as it was local to me and he had had a good experience there - and if he says it's good I listen.  She even asked me on a 1-5 scale how hot I wanted the food... 3 totally but could have done 4 probably :)It's in a dark corner of the plaza and the price was higher than I was expecting but the food totally made up for it.The safest thing I could get is Chicken Tikka Masala, which tears me up anyways but I love indian food (don't think indian food is meant for skinny white guys.. just sayin).  Bottom line... girl on phone was very helpful and very nice, the guy at the front desk was very welcoming and nice and they even offered me drinks for waiting like 3 minutes for my food to be done (was doing take-out).  Felt very welcome there and everybody was friendly.Got home, everything wrapped and sealed up nicely as for no spillage in the car and the naan was wrapped in reynolds wrap. Food was great... bread warm and fluffly, chicken cuts were very tender and moist and the rice was perfect fluffliness.I'm totally going back... but I need to give my body a break... I'm payin for eating Indian food...  but it was so worth it!
4	The best Indian food that I have had since I left Seattle and on par with the best that I have ever had. Loved the Tandoori Chicken and Garlic Naan. The rice was outstanding, very aromatic. The rest of the meal was equally excellent. Although I don't know what it was. My wife orders and I just enjoy. Some vegetable plate, some spinach maybe some potato looking things. I don't know the names but I do know great food ! Happy we found it and will be back.
3	The food was pretty good, and the 1-10 spicy scale they offered was helpful. Service was excellent. Naan was excellent. The only reason i won't go back is because it's too far, and there are definitely indian food places that are on the same par with this one closer to my house.
3	Since the place is right in my new 'hood, I had to check it out. It seemed slow for a Saturday night -- we were seated right away in a mostly empty dining room. Usually a red flag for me, but times are tough.Everyone working there is really nice, and different people popped over to the table at various times to make sure everything was okay. Very friendly and attentive, which is awesome.Unlike some other reviews here, we were not offered any kind of "scale" of hotness other than "medium" or "spicy". I always go with the mid-range until I have a good feel for a place, as did my wife. Hers was quite a bit spicier than mine, which I thought was odd. I had the Malai Tikka which came out sizzling in a bed of onions. It was very tasty but the chicken was quite dry. I ordered naan and rice with it which was pretty much a necessity... I'm not sure who would want to eat a big skillet of chicken by itself, so I'm not sure why they have these things as extras instead of just coming with the meal. My wife had the Karahi Tandoori Chicken Saag which looks like thick pea soup but it's extremely tasty. She grabbed some of my naan and rice because, as I mentioned before, you wouldn't really just want to eat a pile of Saag by itself.Yeah, I have a takeout menu sitting next to me so you can stop being impressed that I remember the names of the dishes, har har.Overall, I'm very impressed by the service and ambiance but the Malai Tikka left me flat. I will be back and I'll try a vegetarian dish next time.
4	I loved this place the minute I stepped in the door!  It's fairly small, beautiful inside, & very comfortable & cozy.  The lighting is just right, & Indian soft jazz & soft rock playing in the background were not offensive.There was no soup, which would have been nice, but after the standard Indian salad, I dug into Chicken Vindaloo, Malai Kofta (vegetable dumplings in a sauce), Alloo Kobhi, Yellow Dahl, & more unusual treats, along with the usual Basmati Rice, good Chicken Tikka Masala, & so on.  Along the way, my very friendly & attentive server brought me a plate of hand prepared Tandoori Chicken.  That was a nice touch, & it was moist & good!  Almonds in the Rice Pudding for dessert made it extra good too.The great atmosphere, food, & service here make it one of my favorite Indian Lunch Buffet places here in the Valley!  It's $9.99.
4	We lived in Ahwatukee for probably a good 4 1/2 years before we ever tried Star of India and I have no idea what was stopping us. (To think of all that wasted time we could have had together...) We met some friends for dinner here because she worked with a bunch of Indian guys and they said it was the place place they found in Phoenix. I've probably only been to maybe five different Indian restaurants in Phoenix, but so far, I'd have to agree. Some particular delicacies you'll find are in the Chef's Selection area of the menu. My husband can't get enough of the Lamb Frazee (I think that's what it is). I can't go for a visit without the Aloo Gobi (in the vegetarian section). The lamb frazee on the chef's specials my husband LOVES! It think it's the first one on the list. I can't go without ordering aloo gobi (potatoes and cauliflower) and a side of raita. My favorite time is actually lunch when the have a nice buffet with at least three different main courses and probably three different vegetable courses (almost always aloo gobi is there too). At lunch they bring around naan to everyone but if you request garlic naan, they will oblige. You also will get a plate of tandoori chicken - so good! The toddler loves coming here with us. He eats off both our plates and waits (most often impatiently) for desert. Our favorite (and they're always on the buffet) are those little cold, wet donut balls. God, I love those things. (Though my personal description does them no justice.) I ate here throughout my entire pregnancy so maybe that's why the toddler has a taste for spicy ethnic food. (That could also explain his love for ahi...) Either way he's always happy to come, as am I. It's priced well and everyone is so friendly and sweet. They're always bringing out extra treats for Beckham (the toddler) like rice pudding and if you haven't been in for a while, they still remember you and greet you like an old friend. Maybe I can talk the husband into going here for dinner tonight? Nothing says Easter Sunday like a little curry, am I right? Jesus didn't sound like a picky guy. And with party tricks like water into wine, surely he would have been up for some curry...
5	Ridiculously tasty. Not good for you.
4	Revisited this place right at 5:00 when they open for dinner. They seemed a bit unprepared, like all the staff had not arrived. So, for the first 15-20 minutes we had what seemed like a "fill-in" server who did not know the menu.I was all good though... had the Chicken Saag. It was fan-tastic. My parents ordered other dishes and we split two orders of naan among us. They pimp drinks here a lot--must be a high margin item for them. The only disappointing thing about the saag was that I asked for it spicy and it was not spicy. I mean it was Cleveland spicy, not Punjab spicy.As an aside, this place is always good for people-watching. We had the pretentious neo-hippies next to us who couldn't be bothered to have their children sit down to eat, lest their creativity be stifled.
5	It's been almost 7 months since I reviewed the excellent lunch buffet here, so it was time to drop back in & see how they're doing.  Mike C. joined me for a first visit here.First off, this is a small, cozy, very comfortable place.  You enter to a full bar, & off to the right is a room suitable to be reserved for a group get-together, & then to the left is the main dining room.I started with a good salad & Ms. Server brought our chosen (Garlic) Naan Bread.  It was hot & delicious.  Then it was on to tasty Vegetable Pakora disks, Keema Mater ("lamburger", if you please), Chicken Tikki Masala, Karahi Vegetables, Matter Paneer, Saal Paneer, Dahl Maharin, & so on.  All of the hot food was labeled with a little description of what it was, & there were also at least 3 desserts to choose from.  I tried the one that was some sort of cheese in a cool, creamy sauce with almonds & looked like ice cream.  It was real good!  Now the food is mild here, not spicy like at Pasand, so your kids will love it.With soft Indian music playing, great service & great everything, this wonderful place moves up to being one of my top favorite Indian restaurant in all the Valley.    :-))Lunch Buffet $9.99 includes hot Indian Tea.
5	Well to start  I now have a new favorite east Indian buffet. Went here for lunch today with Rand H. and this place was small comfy and with lots of nice decor. As far as the food goes everything I ate was great. The service was real good as well. Not much more to ask for ,  woo hoo!!! as good as it gets. they should change the name to 5 star of India. yumm yumm yumm!!!!!
5	Found this restaurant on Yelp tonight and it did not dissapoint. The food was delicious and the service top notch. The atmosphere was lovely.  Definitely will be going again in the very near future to sample more of their menu. Thank you for a great meal.
4	Great atmosphere.  Great help.
3	Above average. The Korma and Vindaloo were tasty. We ordered spicy, and boy, it was. Whew. Definately one of the better Indian places in the East Valley. Oh, the staff was friendly but slow.
2	Well, my beautiful bride and I were headed to the Indian Paradise in Chandler... closed for good (we sought yelp for this one). So we remembered the Star of India in which we visited a couple years prior. We remembered the food was good (not great), but we were not impressed at the time because this restaurant was not ready to open at their scheduled time; and not only were they not open, it seemed that they were just arriving. In todays competitive market, I dont know how a restaurant could not be ready at 5pm, we had to wait another 15 minutes to get in and another 15 to place our order. They really should be ready at 4pm... I believe restaurants who suit their own schedule instead of what people seek, will be out of business soon. I don't eat dinner that early, but there are many folks that prefer that time slot.         Tonight we got there late... 9pm; I know we can't expext the best service or quality of food 1-hour prior to closing, but why not. Well, tonight we had three issues:1) We were seated quickly by the water girl, but waited a good ten minutes to figure out who was our waiter/waitress before we could even ask a question about the menu or even place a drink order.2) The owners daughter was running around and at times yelling or crying. Not really a big, big issue because we have young children, and when we first sat down this cute little girl landed on my wifes lap; we have a daughter around her age, but there are times when you leave the kids at the grandparents home and rarely get some time for one another, and you don't want to hear yelling or crying, especially from the owners child. It tells me they either are not watching her or they are not paying attention to their business. Maybe that is why I found a strand of what seemed to be part of a brush of some sort in my food. The female owner/waitress tried to play it off as a part of an herb. Not quite...I know what it was and my wife verified it3) Their curry, rice, and naun bread is tastey, but their veggie kofta balls in the curry were hard and the lamb (lamb curry) seemed a few days old.I see some good reviews here, but we will not be back; they did try to accomodate the bristle brush strand with a $10 coupon and free dessert; but the lack of smiles, poor service, semi fresh food, and denial of the bristle strand, will have us put this "Star" out.
4	I went for lunch and it was very good.  The reason why it isn't 5 stars is because the selection was limited.  Definitely a place to go for lunch.  :)
5	I feel really bad about not bestowing five whole stars upon this place in my previous review. In hindsight, the only explanation I have is that I was "holding back" because it was my first visit to ANY Indian restaurant in the valley since moving here and I didn't want to just go carelessly throwing five stars around before experiencing other Indian restaurants. To help you understand what I mean ... It's as if you were an ice skating judge at the Winter Olympics. And the first skater out, say, from the Congo, absolutely blows you away. Like, you can't believe it! But the whole time she's skating  you're thinking 'The Congo? Do they even have skates? Have they ever even seen ice?' And she finishes her routine and it's flawless. But you haven't seen any of the other skaters yet. So you can't go ahead and give her a perfect score, especially without seeing the Russian chick first. But you're not allowed to wait and see the Russian chick before having to submit your score for the gal from the Congo.  They need your score right now! So you ding her for some arbitrary reason, like her skate laces weren't the same length as each other. Or something.And then you get a chance to watch the other skaters, Russian chick included, and they were all just "meh." And you wish you could go back and change your score for Ms. Congo, but you can't; the IOC won't allow that. And you have recurring nightmares about the medal ceremony, where she stands on the podium with her bronze medal, just below the South Korean girl (who trains in the US) and yes ... the Russian chick. But she displays great sportsmanship. She smiles as the Russian flag waves and "Gosudarstvenny Gimn Rossiyskoy Federatsii" (that obnoxious national anthem) plays over the loudspeaker. She is probably happy with her bronze medal. She might even be a hero in her home country. But you know it's just not right. She was done an injustice, and YOU were responsible for it!!Luckily this is Yelp, and not the Winter Olympics. Now that I have eaten at several other Indian restaurants in the valley, I have become a regular at Star of India and would like my previous three star review stricken from the record and replaced with five strong stars. In fact, I'm gathering signatures on a petition that Star of India be renamed Five Stars of India. They deserve their gold medal.
3	Star of India has an upscale Indian restaurant theme.  The prices are definitely upscale, but is unfortunate that I can find better food at simple Indian establishments.  The food is well spiced and flavored, but the main problem I had was that some dishes tasted exactly the same.  The Korma and Mattar Paneer should be two distinct tasting dishes, even though the color of the sauce is the same.  The Korma has a little bit of a sweeter taste normally.  The naan was not too special and slightly burned.  I would say the service was similar to an upscale restaurant.  I would take a date here, but only if she has never tried better Indian food before.
5	Wow. Just... wow. Wow! I came here for a wedding rehearsal dinner and the experience was incredible. I was in a large party and we ordered damn near one of everything on the menu and every single thing I tasted I wanted more of. Tandoori chicken - served on a sizzling platter with seared vegetables and fall-off-the-bone tender. Had a delicious, yet mild, flavor, perfect for those venturing into Indian food for the first time. Vegetable korma is my absolute favorite. It's like a thick sauce you can eat over rice or by itself with chunks of potato in it. Very flavorful. Chicken Vindaloo is a little spicier but doesn't kill your tastebuds with heat. The spice definetly enhances the flavors in the dish. Sop it all up with rice, or garlic naan and special naan. Sooo good!
5	I almost feel guilty writing a review for Star of India, since I frequent this restaurant at least once a week.  Obviously, I'm a fan.  The owners, who seem to spend their entire lives at the restaurant, are some of the most welcoming and thankful hosts I've ever run across.  This is one of those small family owned restaurants that I feel proud to support.   Don't get the impression that I would rave about a place if they didn't have the food to back up their hospitality.  I'm fairly certain I tried just about everything on the menu.  My favorites are the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Saag Paneer.  My wife and girls really enjoy the Paneer Tikka , Samosas, Malai Kofta, and the Shahi Paneer.  My oldest daughter has developed something of a reputation at Star of India as the "Gulab Jamun" girl.  Each time she comes home from college, we pay them a visit. The owner can't resist bringing her ridiculous numbers of these desserts just to see the look on her face.If you've never tried Indian food before, this is a great place to start.  Ask for Preet and he'll be happy to help you pick something that meets your tastes.
5	Consistently good Indian food. Anything with the garlic naan is better. T host is always attentive, though when he is not around, the staff are definitely not up to the same caliber. Their food always tastes fresh, hot off the stove.
3	I have been by this spot many times and I needed a place to eat lunch so I stopped in... I entered the restaurant and was seated right away. But then I sat there for a good 10 minutes and watched the workers walk around  then I got to see the owners little kid decide she was going to sit with the consumers in the booth a head of me... Then the kid started crying and it just does not need to happen I was kind of shocked please leave your kids at home if they are not working at the restaurant.  I ended up getting up and asking the staff if I could just get the lunch buffet. I got a bit of everything to try I enjoyed the rice and the chicken dishes... The fish dishes on the other hand not so good the fish puffs were cold and not good and the one fish dish super fishy tasteing. The bread was really good that came with the meal... So all in all I would say I will not be going back anytime soon nothing to write home about.
5	This is the second best Indian buffet I have ever been to (behind Mayouri of Bellevue WA). While the actually buffet only has about 10-14 dishes, each one is really great! Service was good too)
5	5 star service, 4.5 star food, overall a super enjoyable experience.  We'll definitely be going back!My boyfriend and I went to Star of India for dinner.  I got the chicken tikka masala, while he got the channa masala.  My chicken tikka masala was absolutely perfect, all buttery, with tender chicken and a spiciness that was tasty and not overwhelming.  His channa masala was really good -- he asked for medium spiciness and it was considerably spicier than my mild. We ordered a parantha and a naan to go with our entrees. When the very nice owner asked us how our meal was, my boyfriend offhandedly said the parantha was a little different from what he was used to, that it's not as fluffy and tender as parantha from other cultures.  The owner immediately set out to find us a bread we would like, giving us a free order of roti, and free order of rice to pack with my to-go box for my chicken tikka masala.  The owner was gracious and eager to please, and really fun to chat with.  That made all the difference, and with the great food, we'll definitely be going back!  p.s. get the gulab jamun -- it's delicious!
5	I tried the Malai Kofta, garlic naan and vegetable biryani. All of these were excellent. The prices are amongst the most economical in PhoenixMetropolitan. $8.95 for most curries, only $2.50 for the garlic naan.
4	I would eat here again! The prices are very affordable and the food was delicous! We ordered the combo appetizer with was bursting with different flavors and spices. The tandoori chicken was good, but the portion was skimpy and there was more bone than meat. Our lamb saag was awesome! Perfectly cooked lamb that was fork tender and the sauce was yummy. I was so happy they didn't skimp on the meat. Our portion had a lot of tender lamb in it. Best mango lassi I've had in a while. We completed out meal with the gulab jamun. Delicious! I'm not used to it being served cold, but the flavors were spot on. Great service and a fun atmosphere due to the musc played.
4	Visited last night with the wife.  She is a big Indian food fan and she has been introducing me to the cuisine.  I have to say this place was great.   The only thing I would say is that we ordered each dish medium heat and it tasted as though there were no spice at all.  Food was great and the price was very reasonable.  Snagged up a coupon on restaurant.com and  we ate for a very low price.
4	Our favorite Indian place - nice, simple atmosphere, great Tikamasala, decent prices.
5	I LOVE Star of India. I have been there three times, and every time, the service and the food were spot-on. You absolutely cannot beat their buffet. They have a huge spread with tons of vegetarian options-- there's something for everyone. On days when they don't have the buffet, they also have a sampler platter on their menu that is good. The buffet and the sampler are great introductions for people who have never had Indian food before. Their vegetable samosas with yogurt sauce are my personal favorite. This is a great restaurant for both vegetarians and omnivores alike.
5	This is by far my favorite Indian restaurant in the Phoenix area and the best!The food is very delicious and the owner, Preet, is very hospitable.Too bad I no longer live in Ahwatukee.  All I could think of when I was at a restaurant down the street from my place earlier, is how mouth-watering Star of India's chicken tikka masala is.... Yumm!A must visit!
4	Very delicious! And really great prices! I had the Tandoori Shrimp Masala (Medium) and it was absolutely amazing. Hubby ordered the Lamb Vindaloo and he really enjoyed it. His only complaint was that he went to order it "Hot" and after an "Are you sure?" from the server he changed it to "Med-Hot" and he wished it was hotter. My medium was flavorful and I was very pleased with it though. Everyone has a different take on heat level, so he will try it Hot next time and I am sure it will be great. We split an order of Garlic Naan which was absolutely delicious! Overall, a quiet little place, with good service and great prices. We have finally found a restaurant in Awhatukee where we were not disappointed! We will definitely be back.
5	This is an incredibly good food stop!  Check out their hours before you go, however, as they are closed during various hours of the day.  The lunch buffet is our favorite--great selections, varied spices and tastes, and all you can eat, of course!  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and most of the menu is gluten free, which is important to us.  It's quiet, clean, cozy, not expensive, and decorated classic Indian.  Trader Joes is next door, as is a bead store for the ladies in you group (needs a motorcycle shop or gun store nearby for the men).  If you like Indian, you'll like Star of India!
1	I'm really surprised at all the good reviews of this place. We have been trying to find a good Indian place in the area and chose here because of the good reviews. The bottom line is that all of the food was extremely bland. We got the vegetable samosa,  shrimp vindaloo, Bangan Bhartha, and garlic naan. The vegetable samosa's crust was very hard and didn't flake off like I'm used to, the filling was average (this was the best tasting thing we got). The shrimp vindaloo was in a very watery bland sauce that reminded me of italian tomato sauce. The Bangan Bhartha was just unbelievably bland. The atmosphere of the place was not bad and the service was pretty good. I didn't even want to keep eating after the first couple of bites.
2	I returned to Star of India last night for the third and final time. I had a Groupon and hoped that maybe they would have gotten their act together since the last time I was there about a year ago. Nope. The service is still lousy. It took 40 minutes to get served two very standard dishes - tandoori chicken and the baingan bharta. So nothing fancy, no fish that had to be specially cooked, no changes to the recipe. A couple who came in after us was served 15 minutes before us. The tandoori chicken did not taste like tandoori and was just covered in onions (probably 2 onions) and the baingan bharta was bland. I had half a dish left and didn't want to take it home. I won't be back.
5	My wife and I love Indian food. We've tried every Indian restaurant in the Ahwatukee area, and this is our favorite. When you come, remember that this place is family owned and operated; it's not a chain with five bussers and six servers running around. For that reason, service is not as quick as Chile's or Outback. The food is authentic, fresh, and the restaurant aims to please. The owner always comes by and greets us, and if there's anything wrong they fix it immediately. The prices are fair, not cheap or expensive. For best results, order a la carte expecting to share each item. A curry or two, some samosas, and a meat or veggie entree will be more than enough for a couple, and you'll come away with about a $40 bill. There's also a Groupon out there right now, $12 for $24 I believe.  Good for: Foodees, couples looking for something different, casual meals, and a weekday night out.Bad for: Snobs.
1	I don't understand how people can like this place.  Maybe I'm spoiled from growing up with fresh Indian food daily but this is the worst Indian food I've eaten in the valley.  NOTHING was fresh.  Everything tastes like it came thawed out of the freezer.  The samosas were so old and stale the green peas were a strange brownish green color and the minced lamb was dry as sand.  The lamb dish we ordered was so over cooked it felt like beef jerky chewing it.  And to top it off the chutneys looked and tasted like they came out of a jar from the grocery store.  If you truly like this food do yourself a favor and try ANYTHING else and you'll realize how subpar it is.
5	Love the buffet, the folks that work there are great, we usually hit this at least once a weekend and our table is always ready and he knows what sort of naan we want. Small but worth it.
4	Wife chose this place and we went late Tuesday (9pm) for dinner after I got out of school.  Owner was attentive and very helpful and helpd us order.  he explained dishes and brought usu a few different breads.  Dishes were VERY colorful, tasty, piping hot.  I asked for spicy and WOW..., on that scale, I should have asked for mild.... Yummy food and Great time.the owner's family children were playing (read: screaming and running around jumping on boothes and staring at us over the wall) the whole dinner, which was mildy annoying in a quaint way..:{we'll be back. maybe once school starts?
4	I was unaware of this little gem of a restaurant next to Trader Joe's in Ahwatukee, and the only reason I ventured there with my wife was that there was a Groupon deal for it. Thanks Groupon! Here are a couple of things I thought were worth mentioning about my experience:Food:I had the Chicken Tikka Masala with "medium" spice levels, and it did not disappoint. The curry was fragrant, rich and spicy! Just the way it should be. I'd be hard pressed to recommend a better Indian curry to my friends. The garlic naan was also well done and was a decent portion, be it for a slightly exorbitant price (more on that below).Spice Level:Spice levels are more spicy than the the typical Indian buffet, so beware if you have a delicate constitution. My wife was tempted to get "hot", but lucky enough she settled for "medium". It was just right  for her, and she likes spicy food.Price:The meal was a little on the pricey side due to the fact that we had to pay $2 - $5 for rice/bread on top of the entree, as it is not included with it. Onion Fumes:While waiting for the food to come out, I started tearing, and started wondering if I was just having a "moment". ;) But as it turned out, it was onion fumes wafting into the dining room from the kitchen that were making my eyes water. Yes, the fumes were that strong! Then again, we sitting right by the kitchen door and it was a little stuffy as it was cold outside (winter) and they likely had the heater on. I did cease to notice it once the food came though, because I then started crying tears of joy whilst stuffing my face. Nom nom nom!Conclusion: I would likely return, and bring a couple of friends or family members back with me!
3	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =It had been almost 15 months, so I stopped back in here, joined by Mike C., to see how they're doing.  For me, the strongest feature of this place is the small, stylish, very comfortable dining room.  It's just right!In other ways, though, I was impressed a little less during this visit than before.  We have so many excellent choices here in the Valley, & certain things didn't measure up to the best:*  The food selection here was slightly small (for an Indian or Pakistani Buffet), with 19 items (counting the salad items separately).*  The chicken used in the Tandoori Chicken here this time seemed low grade.*  At many of these Buffets, you come away raving about how good the Chicken Tikki Masala was.  I didn't find that to be the case with this dish here.*  The table service was proper but not friendly.  Yes, this is the case at about half of the Indian & Pakistani Buffets, but at some, such as India Grill, Kabab & Curry, & even Copper Kettle (since he moved to the new location) they're so graceful & nice that it adds to the pleasure of dining there.     :-)With all that said, I do still think this is an "OK" dining choice, & it's 3 Stars this time for Star of India, where the weekday Lunch Buffet is $9.99.
2	First time we went I was very impressed...owner is such a nice man. Food was really good.  Our seconds experience we ordered for takeout and not as good. Latest time we had a groupon. We were there for at least 2 hours. It was very warm, none of the tables were clean, service was terrible, there was a little girl running back and forth screaming and worst of all was the food. They have gotten very skimpy. I think our food was sitting for a while before it was served because all of it was cold. Too bad because it was so good the first time.
5	This is the best Indian food restaurant I have ever been to.  I highly recommend the lunch buffett - they usually have Chicken Tikka Masala, Tandoori Chicken and some type of lamb dish that I cannot think of right now.  The Naan bread that they bring you is also amazing.  I have lived in Phoenix for over 13 years and this place is better than anywhere else.  This the place to go if you like Indian food.
4	food is better than average. the owner is a great guy.
4	This place is the spot for lunch! I mean come on. Its Indian food buffet style! What's not to like about that. They serve you garlic naan or plain naan also buffet (all you can eat). The have all the standard fare as well as basmati rice. I always eat about a metric ton of food and when I get the bill... That's right $10. Starbucks costs more than that!! Definitely try this place out.
4	We returned to Star of India recently to enjoy the lunch buffet on a weekend. The restaurant was pretty empty the last three times we've been here--I hope that's not a bad sign!The buffet is somewhat limited as others have noted. There is stuff to make salad, plus about 8 entrees, various sauces, rice, naan, a few desserts, and Indian tea. Everything is quite delicious, but if you are looking to sample a wide variety of Indian cuisine, this won't quite do the trick. The entrees are quite filling though--I really had to press myself to try a little bit of everything. You will leave feeling like you just ate enough to last for two days!I find the staff to be quite helpful and friendly, as well.
5	Lunch BuffetThere was three of us for a fast lunch.. The food was excellent and the service was very attentive and helpful with ingredient explanations ( one of us is gluten-free). They had about 12 items to choose from (meat and vegetarian) along with a basic salad, and 3 desserts. We plan on going back again the next time we're in the area.
5	I've lived in Ahwatukee since 1999 and have eaten at Star of India quite a few times.   I've always found the food good, but not great.  Recently, I went with a friend to the lunch buffet and was very pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed it.  Not sure if anything has changed there or not, but there seemed to be more variety of food to choose from, and more flavor.I tried to ask the waiter if there were new owners or a new cook at the restaurant, but he only spoke Hindi.  No matter... the food was great and I'm looking forward to heading back soon.
5	Star Of Indian in Ahwatukee is a gem! The food is excellent & very fresh. I have never eaten anything there that would make me think otherwise. We usually eat our favorite dishes every time we dine there but whenever we try something new it is always a wonderful surprise. The service is excellent, the owners are very nice people and are always willing to go the extra mile to make your visit a great eating experience. I've eaten at other Indian restaurants in the area but none compare and it being so close to where we live (The Foothills) it's a perfect place for us. You must try it once for yourself !!!
3	How can anyone give this place more than 3-stars?The food is overly buttered.  My naan is always burnt.  I ordered dahl and it was burnt. I have been here to eat and ordered take-out three times and each time I am disappointed with the taste of the food.
5	I went to star of india when i was in Chandler and i went there to try and it was GOOD! i go there whenever i feel like havingfiid at Star Of India. STAR IF INDIA IS THE BEST !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
3	Lunch buffet until 2.30pm.
5	i was going to star of india and i ordered shai panner,chicken karuma and garlic naan. so goooood i love it so muchmy favorite resturant n phoenix
4	We love this place! Best naan bread ever and the chicken Makhni is excellent! We normally order our dinner to go but it is also a nice place to eat in, nothing spectacular but cozy and romantiquish... If you are around you should give it a try!
4	My husband I LOVE this place. Sure, it's not a five star restaurant, but they aren't claiming or trying to be. Their food is very, very good, though. My husband is Indian and has probably tried every Indian joint in the valley and we always end up back here. Their Chicken Muknee and any of the saag dishes are our favorite. The naan is also hot, a little yeasty and chewy- melt in your mouth yummm... By the way, if you don't like buttery food, why are you eating Indian cuisine at all?
5	Just had them deliver. Very good chicken tikka, very flavorful and I love the garlic naan.
5	We love this place, the food is fantastic. Great spices and good quality food for the price :)
4	The flavors here are truly great, if you like garlic and spices this is your place.So if you have a 2pm business meeting you may want to find something else, but if you want to make your tast buds hit the international disco floor give the lunch buffet a try. There were the usuals, pakoa, aloo tiki, raita, and then mostly common food but well executed.For me the winners were the saag, a green spinach based concoction packed with garlic and exotic flavors which may even be healthy. The korma was my other favorite with clunks of veggies paneer and a creamy curry sauce.The meal also inclues garlic naan (nice touch), chai tea and desert.  For desert may I recommend the rasmali. a sweet creamy milk sauce with balls of cheese that have the texture and taste of cake.
3	The buffet was pretty good, nice selection, though the flavors were a bit understated. I can understand, for a buffet needs to have wide appeal. I just think if people are going to an Indian restaurant they should have a good general idea what they are in for. As such, I would have preferred the food have a bit more of a kick. Service was decent, casual but friendly. Clean, well set table and and nice ambiance. Maybe a good place to take someone experiencing Indian or the first time, but if you are looking for spice like I was, you might be disappointed.
5	Great lunch buffet here today. Good selection and tasted freshly made. Good naan, too. I'd go back again.
5	This place has some the absolute best chicken tikka masal in the valley... The courteous staff makes it even that much better. This dish can range from mild to blow your taste buds hot but they always seem to get it just right unlike other places. I would recommend this place to any and everyone!!!!
5	My favorite indian restaurant in the Phoenix area.  Staff are very friendly, give good recommendations.  Everything comes out fresh and hot.  They'll make your food as spicy as you can handle.  The meat samosas, chicken curry, chicken tikka masala, shrimp korma, aloo gobhi, naan, and garlic naan were all delicious.  It does take a little time for food to come out but that's because everything is prepared upon order.  Have to say, didn't want to write this review in hopes the place wouldn't get busier but I have to give them their dues.
5	Very good food and the staff is friendly. The atmosphere is very India, and that's cool cause you definitely get the authentic experience being there. I loved eating with my hands (which is not a requirement, I just did it personally, I think that's what they do in India any way) and that was fun. The drinks are pretty reasonably priced. But for a buffet I would say it tasted pretty fresh and good, not tasting like the usual tasteless stale buffet. Definitely recommend this place!
5	This place is absolutely amazing.  The service is incredible, and you can tell that they really care about their customers and the food they provide.  It seems to be family-run, and they are extremely attentive and helpful when a dumb American such as myself is trying to order things he doesn't know about or understand.The food is awesome.  I like spicy food, and I order a '7' out of '10', which gives me some real heat and keeps me reaching for my Kingfisher beer.  Everything is amazing - perfectly spiced, cooked, and portioned.The atmosphere is wonderful too.  I don't know what a traditional Indian place is supposed to look like, but it's authentic enough for me.  The last time I was here, there was a large indian family sitting near us, and they kept talking about how wonderful the food was, so apparently it's the real deal too.I confidently give this place 5 stars.  There is nothing I would change.
5	Star of India was first recommended  to me five years ago but I was a bit hesistant because I had never tried Indian cuisine before and feeling a little adventurous one night we decided to give it a try we were amazed and instantly fell in love with this restaurant from the delicious food to the very kind owners who make sure that each experience there is as good as our first if not better. We have been to other Indian restaurants in the valley and in California but this place by far has won our hearts and taste buds.  We have taken many people here to try Indian food for their first time and each time they too fall in love with this restaurant. We love things extra hot and we are never disappointed with the spicy saag or tikka masala, my daughter loves things on the mild side and they always accommodate to her tastes as well. Don't forget to try the naan or the deserts too...Enjoy.
5	Been here many times. Good food and service. Never disappointed. I like the ambience in the room. Light music, dim lights and quiet. Just wish the place is bigger. Not much room to move at the table.
5	Been here three times now over the last few months and the food and service never failed. The tandoori chicken is amazing! Have had it three times now and it didn't disappoint! Another favorite is their malai kofta! So delish! Definitely recommended!!
5	the lunch buffet is a great deal. The fresh garlic naan is delicious as is everything else.
3	I visited Star of India with a friend for dinner and we both agreed that it was alright. The service was attentive, which we liked. We had the chicken masala and the lamb vindaloo with garlic naan and rice. The chicken masala (ordered mild) was good, with very tender chicken, but with a little lacking in flavor in the sauce. The lamb was alright... a little tough, as if it was not cooked long enough, and the sauce (ordered medium) was not spicy and, though more flavorful than the masala, it wasn't the most amazing I have had. Overall, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. I was also a little disappointed that we were charged for the rice.... really? The dishes (which are not inexpensive) don't come with a tray of rice? Indian food is all about the sauce, the meat isn't meant to be the main part of the meal... so what are you supposed to eat the sauce with? A spoon? It wasn't a huge charge, but I disagree with the concept of it. Anyway, I don't think I will be rushing back, although maybe it is better at lunch time.
5	My first experience with India food was not very pleasant. I went to a buffet and the food was just horrible. After that, I tried a couple of other places and just couldn't become to like Indian food. Well, I must say that Star of India really changed my perception of what Indian food should taste like. OMG....they make the best Chicken Tikki Marsala, I always get it spicy by the way. Very good garlic naan and love their vegetables ( potato and cauliflower ). Staff is super friendly and very welcoming whenever I step in the restaurant. I usually get take out and they give me something free to try. Absolutely love this place!
1	Very disappointed about the Star of India restaurant, on Chandler Blvd!  A view years ago, the food was rather good, well spiced, like true Indian food.  - I had the fortune to have a friend (from Bangladesh) once, who cooked original Indian food for us.  Furthermore, I went for years to good, additionally upper scale, Indian restaurants in Europe and America.  Therefore I know, to distinguish between good and not good Indian meals.  -Yet, the last two or three times, when we went for lunch buffet (in 2014/end 2013) to the Star of India restaurant, we were each time disappointed!  Therefore, we decided now, we will definitely not return anymore.  (But looking for a better restaurant in the Phoenix metro area.)  Paying $10 + tax for a unsatisfactory meal - while you want to go out to eat something special - is not worth it, as well as very,  very disappointing!!!Here how just recently, on a Saturday, the food for lunch was:   Although the restaurant was fuller than I'd ever seen it, the food was terrible to bland!  Additionally, I see many containers of eight main dishes on the buffet line almost every time not even touched, but full to the rim.  (While I saw in other restaurants with good Indian food, that they had to replenish each dish over and over again during lunch.  Because each lunch time the restaurant is so full that they need to work to keep up with the demand!)  Even the Chicken Masala at Star of India was almost tasteless, as well as runny.  The spinach dish was terrible!  It tasted like chemicals, appearing like a paste - and with almost no Indian cheese in it!  The rice desert was not worth mentioning, bland!  Therefore, of all eight(!!) main dishes, I only had one single one - the Vegetable Masala  with Indian cheese - that was good, tasty.  (... Many dishes tasted like they were watered down or something like this, so that the spices do not come through any longer!  ... The main dishes ran apart when being put on plate.)The service is nice, polite.  But the restaurant itself, including restrooms, are very dirty.  Also, the walls at the tables still spilled full with food spills.
4	Super friendly service! The friends we were dining with go here a lot so we were definitely treated very well by the staff. Shrimp tikka masala was delicious! Garlic naan was also great! The veggie samosas were yummy. The cracker and spread that was brought to our table when we arrived was super tasty, but I don't know what it's called.At some point during the meal I swallowed something very sharp. To the point that I went to the bathroom bc I was worried I would have to try and get it out of me. Ha. Needless to say, I did not need to do that. It has now been two whole days an I'm still alive despite sealing a sharp morsel. I'm guessing it was an accidental piece of shrimp tail and not the jagged check chicken bone I thought it was. Ya ya, never mind I was eating a shrimp dish. I did also try the mutter paneer (sp) and another chicken dish that were both also delicious.  Despite the swallowed sharp piece, I will be back!
5	You'll see a lot of different "Star of India" restaurants but they're all different. However, this one is the best! It seems like this is a family-owned business and are very friendly. We always order the same things: chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken, or chicken biryani. Plus their garlic naan is AMAZING and a must have especially when you're eating the chicken tikka masala with a side of rice (if we don't order the chicken biryani).The tandoor chicken comes on a big bed of grilled lettuce, onions and a few big pieces of tomatoes which is a necessary component that adds to the perfectly seasoned/grilled chicken.Their chicken biryani gives other biryani's a run for its money. With raisins, cashews, chicken and other herbs/spices, it's a great dish even to eat alone!
5	This has to be the best Indian food I've found in Az!!! The Tandoori chicken was incredible as was the bit of lamb korma and chicken tikka masala that others in my party ordered and I tried. The staff was also competent and very understanding, (seeing as how a member of my party was almost an hour late). I really enjoyed my meal at Star of India and I plan to return, repeatedly!!!!
4	Great place and amazing good! I ordered take out from here twice as I work very close by and they gave me a great deal and even delivered food to my work! Tried the chicken tikka masala, rice, and garlic naan and it was to die for! Unlike any other Indian good I've had. Truly authentic and I asked for extra extra spicy and boy was my mouth on fire! It was delish!
3	We bought a restaurant.com voucher.  It was good only for menu items (not the buffet).The ambiance is sort of divey.  Clean, but shabby.  My wife got a buffet, I ordered curry off the menu.  They curry was fine.  Nothing special, but fine.  I ordered "medium" hot, but it was't hot at all.  Which is surprising because Indian food can be very spicy.  My wife snuck a few buffet bites to me (technically not allowed, but we didn't abuse it...just a taste).  The items were OK.  Again, nothing special.  But fine.I can't say I'd come back because I know of at least two other Indian restaurants that have tastier food (though one is much pricier!).  But the food is not bad.  You could do much worse.
1	Food was mediocre and service was abysmal.  I'm shocked this place has a high rating on Yelp.  There are dozens of better Indian options in this area.
5	So many choices! They are very nice.Food was delicious.Definitely will return.
4	I really like star of India. I usually get their chicken tikka masala. I also enjoy their vegetable korma. What stands out for me is their special naan.  Naan bread stuffed with maraschino cherries, coconut, and nuts. I've yet to find it at any other Indian restaurant. I agree with another reviewer that the place needs a decorating update. It kind of looks a little shabby. Doesn't bother me much, I just really like the food. When I was going there on a regular basis the owners seemed to know who I was and, they were very friendly. I have been going to Star of India for the past three years on my birthday.  Always a good birthday treat.
5	Great family restaurant. The wife came out from cooking the meals to greet us and ask about our meal. The Nan was premier. My wife and I didn't order, our friends ordered for the group and it was great. Great exotic choice in Ahwatukee.
